5	The gold standard for casinos everywhere. Just bring a fat wallet, you won't find many $5 tables here.
5	Great hotel! Excellent Buffet!!! A little bit pricy compared to others, but it is worth to have a try!! The water fountain is just amazing!
5	Spacious, luxurious rooms that definitely merit the 5 Diamond Rating from AAA.  Even if you don't stay at the Bellagio, check out their excellent buffet (brunch and dinner are great) and enjoy the Fountains of Bellagio shows, every night on the half hour from 8 pm to midnight.  Sheer joy.
4	Really the best brunch in town. Hotel guests get a line pass to avoid the hour plus wait.
5	The Bellagio is so expensive that it's usually reserved for grand celebrations or the occasional opulent treat. Basic rooms are in the $200-300 range and most gaming tables have a minimum $25 bet. The one time my husband and I were there, we enjoyed lounging in luxurious leather lounge chairs of the fabulous sports bar while watching (and betting and losing) on the SF Giants. But no matter where you are in Vegas, for a cheesy treat, check out the Bellagio fountains, a musical water show that takes place every 1/2 hour during the afternoon and every 15 minutes at night. Spectacular!
5	Dining, decor, entertainment, ballroom, everything is great. I also think the fountain during "Time to Say Goodbye" with Andrea Bocelli and Sarah Brightman is one of the most romantic spots.
5	A perfect place to visit with a loved one. You don't have to be a gambler to enjoy the hotel. Just hang outside and enjoy the view.
5	OK, so i'm walking down the strip wondering..."where are all the *cool* people?"  My friends and clients tell me that they go to Vegas, but right now--i'm just not seeing it..... OK so now i'm crusing the pool at Bellagio--Check out the private cabanas...*now* we're talking... some interesting and attractive people hanging out...OK Bellagio that's where it's First Class...was getting a little worried there for a while.
5	I usually can't afford to gamble at their table games much here, but their buffet is awesome and worth the price, even if you have to pay the high weekend rates of $33.  Everything is quality from the clam chowder to the Kobe beef.  Giant peeled shrimp are one of my staples here.  Aside from Buffet, the casino is a good spot to relax for $1 keno and free drinks if you are killing time and broke.  Poker room looks classy too.
5	Ohhhh! I mean Eauuuu!Pai Gow Poker tables here rock. Yes, the rooms are amazing. Yes, it is an extremely well kept place. Yes, hotel services pamper the guests and make sure to help grab tickets to hardest to get into shows. And if you are a Cirque fan, O is housed here. Guests can reserve tickets to shows months in advance. The theaters on premise are astounding. A truly complete place.
3	Eh. So many tourists. There are a lot of nice things here. The restaurants are phenomenal. I wish there were less tourists here. The shopping selection is amazing.. once again... too many tourists. Eh.
5	I wish I could just move into the Bellagio; I'd be one of those crazy old ladies who lives in a hotel and wears leopard print. I mean, why would you ever leave this place? You don't even have to go outside to get to a swanky bar, and there's plenty of armoire space for all your stuff. The Bellagio makes me want to walk around in a makeshift sari and giant sunglasses, smoking a clove and ordering random passersby to "Tuck it in, fatty!!"I don't even smoke.
5	I have to set this up properly.  I've usually stay in five-stars anywhere I go.  For example, I often try to stay in Ritz-Carlton resorts when available (e.g. in Maui, St. Thomas, Amelia Island, etc.) or Grand Hyatt resorts, and so on.  You get the picture.  The Bellagio belongs in the same ranks.  I've been in casinos throughout Nevada and the Caribbean; the casino in the Bellagio is in my top three, easy.  I don't know what else I'd put up there, but the Bellagio is definitely one of the best.  I only stayed in a standard room, but it felt much larger than a standard room in other hotels.  The bathrooms have both a very large tub (the size of a Jacuzzi tub, but without the jets) and a shower, which doesn't sound like much, but makes a huge difference in a cramped room.  I found the automatic window coverings to be a nice touch, albeit unnecessary.  My only complaint about the rooms would be the lighting--there simply wasn't enough.  I found ironing shirts after dusk to be quite difficult due to low lighting.  Personal taste, I suppose, but not enough to go below a five-star rating.The place is decorated beautifully; I stayed around Christmas, which provided additional aesthetic bonuses.  Also, there was a spectacular cafe in the hotel with some of the best baked goods I've ever eaten that (Stephanie M. mentioned this as well).  If I can get the name for it, I will insert it here.  When exiting the casino to the elevators to the main rooms, stay in the main hallway, pass the gift store and it's on the left.  Great for breakfast and the wait is nothing compared to the buffets and other nearby eateries.  Seriously, it had the best croissants I've ever eaten, and I've had my share of them, albeit not in Europe... yet.Definitely one of the best hotels in Vegas.  A must-see, even if you're not staying there.
5	this place is simply amazing...  from the beautiful people to the great restaurants to the amazing service to the chihuly glass...  this place is first class all the way.  never stayed here, but i make sure to spend at least one evening here each time in vegas.  this place is the place to just take in everything and enjoy the classier side of gaudy vegas.one of my favorite things to do is to sit on the outside of the petrossian and check out the hotties walking by.
5	Everything in its right place, pools are majorly used in the summer but somehow magically kept very clean--love that they're all different temperatures, including a cold one wtih a fountain you can swim around, drinks are good, service is great, restaurants in the casino are good but not a good value. Great gelato made in-house and just as affordable as any Berkeley institiution, nice generously sized rooms.
5	Love the O show and theatre at this hotel. Beautiful restaurants, romantic garden during all seasons (they change the arrangement and setting every season, Spring, summer, fall, winter - how trendy!) and fountain area, everything is just perfect. Exquisite and extravangant, after all it's Vegas, everything has to be over the top. This hotel has style and it's not cheesy. So much attention to details, from furniture to tapestry and definitely check out the details in the ceilings as well. Who is not to like this hotel??? It's creme de la creme of the entire crop in Sin City!
5	Bellagio offers great room rates every now and then, so it is definitely worth while to get on their mailing list. Upgrade to a lakeview room is a must. Though the rooms are not that big (suites are really nice though) the view of the water show in the evenings is spectacular. The conservatory and botanical gardens next to the lobby is extremely beautiful, especially during Christmas time. You must dine at the buffet at least once during your visit. One time I was there with 3 girlfriends and we were at a blackjack table during the wee hours of the morning. The dealer's shift was over, so the pit boss asked us to move over to the next table which only had a single deck. For doing this, we were all given complementary brunch at Cafe Bellagio - a full 4 course meal for all of us!
4	It was beautiful but I wasn't blown away.  There was a big, colourful garden that reminded me of the edible one in "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory."I thought the butterfly tent was pretty neat.
3	i couldn't help but think, "is this all?" during my stay at the bellagio. i suppose that the service was a bit better than most places (but not extraordinarily so) and the rooms were nicely appointed. but i didn't find myself noticing where the extra bucks i was spending went. the rooms were not very big and finding a cup of coffee and a muffin for less than $10 is an impossibility. but the desert shop is outstanding!
4	the best place for rich men to take you on holiday. i mean, if you must stay in the states and can't get to new york. the best place really would be paris, don't you think? how come nobody's ever taken me to paris?! man, fuck the belagio. furthermore, fuck everyone i've ever dated. this review turned really bad really fast. excuse me while i go cry in the bathroom before my boss gets in.
4	For our trip to Vegas, we had stayed at two hotels, THEhotel at Mandalay Bay and the Bellagio.  I have to admit, the Bellagio just doesn't have the same luxury factor as THEhotel has. THEhotel is new and has a quiet ambiance whereas the Bellagio just seems old, stuffy and touristy to me.We had quite a circus when we first checked into the Bellagio. The first room they put us into was a Handicap room in the Conference Tower, so there was no bathtub. Since I had bubblebath that I wanted to use, I really wanted a tub. A call to front desk, gave us a quick change to a room one floor down a couple of rooms over. We dragged out bags to the room and found... workmen polishing the marble bathroom floor. oookay. A call to the front desk and they realized the big boo-boo. They sent a bellhop over to help us with our bags and assigned us a new room in the main tower, an upgraded room with a full view of the infamous lake. Wow. The view was worth checking into Bellagio for. Especially at nite when they do the show. I could turn on the tv to listen to the music and enjoy the show from the comforts of my room without fighting the regular crowd. Totally cool.  So, if you're staying at the Bellagio, make sure you're getting a room in the main tower overlooking the lake or else it really isn't worth it.
4	For a Las Vegas hotel, Bellagio is one of the best places to stay over!  Besides the comfortable and spacious rooms, you have a playground of shops, restaurants, and sightseeing.The rooms are wonderful.  We stayed at the double penthouse suite...and it was def worth it.  Two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a huge living room, and wetbar!  The beds were wonderful from soft covers to fluffy pillows.  The bathroom was a gem, truly.  I like the comforts of a bath, so to see it all at my disposal was a def highlight.  Showers offered steam options and baths soothed sore muscles with jet options.Anywho, beyond the rooms, there were other aspects of the hotel that I truly enjoyed.  When we first got there, service was excellent.  We were led to an obscure corner to enter the VIP checking.  We waited, snacking on chocolate dipped strawberries, ripe pears, cookies, coffee, and tea.  After checking in, we unpacked and were ready to explore the rest of the hotel.You have an avenue of high-end shops featuring Gucci and Christian Dior.  There are top-notch restaurants to dine at.  And the ceiling of hand-blown glass flowers are not to be missed.  Really, you can't get bored of this place.  Okay, I think I've said enough.
5	Loved it - spent a week last August. Got a free upgrade to a "suite" (read - Corner room) with a pool view. Marvelous service, the bathroom was bigger than my bedroom at home. Loved the restaurants as well (specifically, Noodles and Shintaro).
4	The first ultra-lux casino-resort hotel is still in my book one of the top 3 properties in Vegas.  Where else can you rub shoulders with the rich and famous, see famous poker stars for you fans out there like Doyle Brunson, Phil Ivey and Barry Greenstein?One thing that is notably different from my prior visits is that the entire staff is now more focused on the personal touch.  All the employees would say hello and offer their help....that Ritz Carlton touch.
5	I love Bellagio for all its opulence and exquisite everything. Went here with my boyfriend for our anniversary and didn't want to leave. They probably have the best spa ever. It was so beautiful and even though my treatments were just ok, it was just worth the money to relax in the facility. Wonderful pool area and kick-ass buffet!
5	If you have not stayed here yet, you should. This place lives up to all the hype. Everything is flashy and picturesque. The spa tower is just as good as the main building. The food is pretty good. I wen to the chinese restaurant. Of course, almost everything is way overpriced. The pool area is nice because it is large. There is also a dedicated area to sun bathing. Not really full ever. Tip: hold out for a non-smoking room if you can.
5	You don't even need to go inside to enjoy; the fountains are stunning.  It sounds a little boring, but if you haven't seen them, you need to.  It can keep me entertained for hours.
3	The service at Bellagio was very disappointing at best.  Starting with bell captain at front that reminded me that tips were not shared between person  delivered my luggages and the one that put them away.  And a $5 for 2 pieces of luggage won me a comment of 'cheap skate' from the bell captain as well.  Using the gym, not spa treatment, would set back $25 for hotel guest.The Bellagio buffet had the widest selection compared to Paris Paris and Wynn but the exotic meat, like buffalo sirloin, was tougher than my sneaker.  Presentation was messy and the decor of the dining room reminded me of Denny's.  On the other hand, Paris Paris had the highest quality buffet but the least selection.  Wynn's buffet was somewhere in between but the decor conveyed a sense of luxury environment.The best in Bellagio was the incredible Cirque du Soleil, O.  But I will definitely stay somewhere else like the Four Seasons next time I visit.
3	The hotel was nice however it's not worth the price per night in my opinion. We requested a non-smoking room and all night I smelled cigarette smoke, I'm guessing coming through one of the vents. It was nasty and I didn't want to reek of cigarettes. Beautiful water fountain show and elegant decor inside.However, it's highly overrated.
4	Two words.Played out.It's always really crowded with looky loos which is annoying for me. Do however love the fountains and the gardens. I guess if the Wynn burned down we'd go back.
5	update March 2007: due to a massacre in their club "Light"- my friends and i have been 86'ed (BANNED FOR LIFE) from the Bellagio. hahaha. we're troublemakers. C'MON... the luxury the luxury. you'll def. see a celeb here walking around the pool or something. but what does the Bellagio do that attracts so many people every night? the water shows. it's simply amazing. beautifully orchestrated and enchanting... how wonderful to watch the show with friends, family, and your beau. it's simple a great experience. oh yeah, the gelato at one of their bistros is to die for. i had like two cups of that addicting thing. try the raspberry. yum!
4	quieter, alot quietermore for the older generationslower rates on roomsa good place to visit
5	I can't really find anything wrong with this place. Not as contemporary as a Grand Suite at the Palms, but its classic and the current center of attention on the strip. A ton of great restaurants and shops. I can't speak to the gambling, cause that's not my thing. But there are lots of classy stores open all night long, so go spend some money on your lady or yourself. The next day, at least you will have something to show for your empty wallet.
4	This really is a beautiful hotel.  The rooms are great, the staff is friendly.  The pool scene is pretty good.  The pool area is enormous.  Several different pools.  If you can get one of the well placed Bungalows, that is the way to go. They have misters spraying water to keep you cool.  Otherewise, you MUST get there early and it helps to tip a pool guy to get you a good spot.  Anything but right by the pool is lame.   Somewhat of a mixed crowd.  Young hipsters, families, blue hairs.  The music kind of sux.  It is a mix of eighties something or other.   But if your chairs are right by the pool, you won't be able to hear the music.
5	So classy my tax bracket went up just being here...I then proceded to Riviera to lower it (I hid between a couple of old people).Beautiful hotel. There's a chocolate waterfall in one of the stores that's hypnotic. Yes, chocolate waterfall... I will do your bidding...
5	Vegas hotels just don't get better than this... The decor is amazing, the fountain show is so cool (came back with a freakish amount of photos of it) the brunch set up is overwhelmingly large -- I mean you would need to sit there for the whole freakin' day to visit every area of food!!  Sooooooo good I can't even put it into words.
4	YES, the water fountain is a free show and it is still awesome.  But trying to find a good viewing spot iis tough at night in the summer, it gets way crowded.  The lobby with the glass Chihuly flowers in the ceiling is awesome and so is the Convervatory and Botanical gardens with the flowers/plants that change every season.
4	I'm sure people yammer on about this place, yada fountain, yada bourgey, but I'm here to give their sports book a tip of the bowler. Whereas other casinos and other gaming configurations may be more subtle about taking your money, the sports book at the Bellagio can be comfortable, adrenaline-pumping, and not a horrible strain on the wallet.  The book has impeccable, comfy leather couches.  On an off-peak day, just check the odds, get a few tickets, and watch sports while the friendly waitress rewards you just for being you (and for holding those tickets).  Vegas sucks, but this room, it does not.
4	I'm staying here right now, and the view from my room is one of the fountains out front. It's like 99 degress of dry heat outside, but who cares when I'm about to head over to the blackjack table.I've stayed at Mandalay Bay, Venetian, New York New York, Paris, Hard Rock, but have to say that the Bellagio is a cut above them. Sure, it has tons of tourists in horrible and gaudy outfits, but the restaurants and shops are more luxe (and it's next door to Caesars, which has more of the high-end brands in their Forum Shops). The Bellagio remains one of the nicer Vegas casino hotels, it's definitely one of the more family friendly places as well (if I'm here to party, I like Mandalay Bay, Hard Rock).The pool, unlike others, is austere and relatively peaceful. Since I'm not here for a raucous bachelor party, I like that. Very relaxing, a small pool, but still plenty of people watching (a Vegas staple for me).Expensive, but these days you can find some amazing deals, relatively speaking, online.The rooms: I'd give them 3 stars, the maid service was sporadic, and we had to check out at noon, even when we asked for even 30 minutes of an extension. Also, the bathroom products were only ok, and I'd expect more from the Bellagio. Finally, I don't care what you say, but I want a coffee machine in each and every room I stay in.
5	Hands down the best place I've stayed in Vegas (I have yet to check out the Wynn).  Fantastic staff, fantastic rooms and great ammenities.  The food is top notch and the gaming is as well.  Obviously, the fountain shows are worth standing outside in the heat.  Normally, I would shy away from spending as much as the Bellagio costs, but it's worth it.
4	I've never been a guest at this hotel, but I will give it a decent ranking just for the Chihouly Ceiling of Glass Flowers in the main lobby. The ceiling is worth seeing and sitting there gazing at it from one of the brown velvet couches is FREE.
4	Very nice indeed.  Of course, just approaching the resort is impressive with the fountains featuring their musically choreographed magic every 15-30 minutes and the long circular walkway.  Upon entering the lobby, your eyes are immediately drawn upward to the Dale Chihuly hand-blown glass flowers exhibit that is always captivating.  Then there is the ever-changing botanical gardens exhibit... it's currently a forest setting with toy trains cutting through the foliage.We were lucky enough to have a buddy working at the Bellagio and he was able to get us on a list for the pool.  The poolside scene was very calm and composed... a huge difference from the raucous MGM Grand.  The landscape is classic Roman and majority of the pools are frigid fountains... but that's ok because it's 100+ out there.  Due to this fact, we found ourselves spending much of our time sipping refreshing cocktails like mojitos and their fabulous Mai Tai's... they are really amazing with fruit and topped with powdered sugar.  Nothing at the Bellagio is cheap, from the drinks to the sunscreen to the clientele.  There were MILF's, escorts, bachelor parties, euro trash... all eager to spend a pretty penny.  Definitely a true Vega$ experience.
5	I stayed at the Belaggio for my first 3 nights in Vegas.. and wow.  Everything was just excellent.  From the moment you walk in, you see the ceiling decorated with glass blown flowers. Then they have the garden themes and the butterfly vault.. marvelous. The rooms.. oh the rooms. what do they use 700 t.c sheets?  Oh and the pool.. soooo relaxing and the staff is attentive with the drinks.Another perk if you stay at the hotel is that they offer you discounted tix to see their in house show Cirque de Soile' " O"  The seats were awsome!! Middle 3rd row!! And the show  was outstanding!! . I must also add that this was a 1 week trip and tried to save some $ so we stayed at the Alladin.  We stayed at the Alladin  for 1 night and checked right out. . and right back to the Bellagio !!
5	I can't go beyond.... HOLY MOTHER THERESA!  They really treat you like royalty.  We had a suite overlooking the lake... you know, THE LAKE... and it was absolutely breathtaking.
5	ok, so we already know that this is a world class hotel. notable coolness points include: caramel- for scenester watchingthe poker room- for celebrity watching (poker celebs) and 2/5 NL with buyin raised to $500 max.Poker room rates- reduced from $500 to around $170. kickass.buffet- one of the best. no food poisoning here.Light- 2nd to pure and less of a line. u get almost as many celebs at light and plenty of eye candy.the back valet- great timesaver during peak valet times.
4	cool hotel.  i enjoyed my room facing the dancing musical lake facing Las Vegas Boulevard.  the bathroom was stunning-- i could have stayed in there forever.  i am not a fan of Vegas--a bit corny to have the music be synchronized with the dancing jets of water below.  but i can only stay here for a few days and i am done for a decade.  still a great place to hotel.
5	Giggity Giggity.Before my first trip to Sin City, a friend explained to me that each big property has a theme.  She described the Bellagio's theme as "posh".  I can not improve on that description.  :)  I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here.  The beds are comfy.  They have GREAT black out curtains so you can sleep even when the sun is out.  The pools are great, and the pool bar makes a yummmmmmyyyy blended drink that comes with berries on top - so you can consider it a fruit serving.The only minor downsides;1.  despite a fleet of staff, check in and check out seemed to take a really long time.2.  my room was on the strip side, and i saw a HUGE image of Toni Braxton on the side of the Flamingo.  Toni then entered my dreams, not in a scary way, but it was odd.
4	If you see my review for the golden nugget and ask how on earth I could give that place 5 stars and this 4, it's a matter of surroundings. The bellagio is, i'll admit, one of the top hotels on the strip. The water show is amazing, the atmosphere is great, the spa building is UNREAL. but i had to go with 4 because if you aren't dropping buttloads of cash on staying in a super nice room and going to the spa, then this place will pass you by intentionally. because it's so nice and popular, it is always crowded as all hell, and they don't necessarily treat you super nice unless you are supernice with your credit cards.oh, and i lost 25bucks in 1.5 minutes at the slots. booo hisss.
3	Bellagio was one of the best hotels in Vegas up until MGM bought Mirage Resorts.  Now, you get the same level of service and value as you would with any other MGM property.  Which is just fair.Unfrotunately, the price has not changed from 5 years ago....
5	This is the only place I'll stay in Vegas. Wonderful suites with an exceptional view of the water show, although the music can be a pain at times. It's certainly a crowded hotel, but they manage to proceed like a well-oiled machine. The beds are luxurious, the tubs are huge soaking contraptions which can bury you up to the neck. Showers can hold a wild party. Splurge for the room if you can and position yourself for more specialised treatment.You can roll out of bed into the spa, or summon someone to your room for massage and facials. "O" is shown in the same facility, so there's no cab, walking or limo required. The casino is not smoky, and if you sit long enough at a table or slot machine all drinks are free.  Of course, I don't gamble (wait....I play the market and am married; scratch that), but if you bring along a few quarters and simulate pullng the slot switch, you'll save yourself $20 per drink..........wait for it.........I'm KIDDING!...........About the quarters......Bring more than a few.Anyhow, the cafes, shops, restaurants, club and atrium (with oversized sculptures and butterflies) are popular and excellent quality. The winding staircase is popular for wedding shots, so you may get to see some gorgeous gowns, and awwwww at the unsuspecting newlyweds who've taken the idealistic and naive plunge into the black hole of ball and chain matrimony.There's even a tram which can take you to Monte Carlo hotel. Nothing campy about Bellagio. By all means do go...but don't get trashed and dive into the fountain pool.
5	OMG!! This is the place in Vegas, IMHO.  No other place has it all.  Start with the dancing fountains out front. They can amuse you for hours. Entrance is  magnificent.  Classy marble floors, and light fixtures made out of blown glass.  Wonderful artifacts all over.  The Atrium is so unique and so beautiful, you could spend a lot of time just walking through it and looking at the plants and flowers. The rooms are clean and top tier.  Everything was just super in the rooms I have stayed there on several visits.   Pool area if real nice and attracts the "it" crowd. Casino is marvelously laid out.  Rich red carpet with pattern throughout.  Gold crown molding, blown glass, tapestries, marvelous paintings, and statues throughout.  Has it all your need for your gambling needs. Great restaurants on location.  You really don't need to go anywhere else (that's the idea). Buffet is one or the best in town. To cap it off, this is where the Cirque du Soleil show "O" is staged.  I should say the bigger than Olympic pool is used.  Fantastic and indescribable show.  Think Olympics water athletes on steroids.  The best show in Vegas IMHO. This is a true 5 star hotel, casino, and showplace.  You owe it to yourself to visit.
1	Now, I'm not a 1 star reviewer kind of girl, but Bellagio and I have a little bit of an issue.See, the bellagio kicked me out.On my BIRTHDAY!Yes, there is a story, a really good one at that, but it will not be posted on yelp at this current time.Now Bellagio, did I REALLY deserve that treatment?  (yes, I probably did... but I'm still allowed to hold grudges, right?)Now comp me a room and I'll give you a good rating. Deal?
2	This review is for the SPA ONLY. I was truly disappointed with my relaxation massage at the Bellagio. You would not expect less than pure perfection from a hotel of this caliber but unfortunately I left thinking how could they charge $130 for a 50 min painful and oily experience? I was literally covered in OIL including my face! The masseuse asked me if I wanted oil in my hair and I said that was fine but no one mentioned anything about my face?! I could even hear the amount of oil in her hands everytime she rubbed her hands together. It was disgusting! As for the pressure, she practically was digging into my muscles. It was literally painful. PAINFUL. The facilities are nice but nothing to rave about - I mean where are the yummy healthy snacks like dried fruit and nuts? I will probably never book another appt here again. I'll just stick to the hotel accomodations.
5	oh how i love the bellagio. i highly recommend staying in a baller room or suite. i think everything about this place is fabulous, the pool cafe, the fountains, the cheesy music channel in your room that plays the fountain tunes, and that chocolate business at jean-phillippe. i also won gambling, that was hot.
4	Pony-ed up for the Lake View Deluxe Room, (thank you honey!) It was my birthday afterall.  Excellent hotel.  Nice everything.  Will Try Wynn next to get another perspective.  But far and away, the nicest overall for attention to detail in every aspect from housekeeping in the restaurant bathrooms, services offered, and accessibility - don't know that it can be beat.  Extra points for the art gallery, chocolate shoppe with flowing chocolate fountains, and blissfully tranquil pool deck.Love it, wish I was back already.Would have gotten a 5, but the front desk hastled me a bit on the room type when we first checked in, after I made sure to call ahead to confim 24 hours before arrival, and was checking in after 3 PM.
5	Just a note about Spa Bellagio: the Vichy treatment (shower heads spraying hot water on your back while you get a total exfoliation and massage) was the most AMAZING thing ever.  Massages usually make me slightly nervous (and tense, how ironic), but with this service I couldn't help letting go.  I thought I was gonna lose control and pee, or orgasm, or something.  And the face and body creams they applied and gave me samples of are awesome.  GO DO IT.  The spa is reserved for guests of Bellagio or other MGM properties, so stay at one of them.Full disclosure: I got this treatment for free as part of a media familiarization trip, so it may have been better than usual, but I doubt it.
5	Came here to celebrate my gurl's batchlorette party.  Let me tell ya it was off da hook!The food, the ambiance, the pool, the rooms (all suites), the service, the top shelf alcohol.  I could live like this forever!oh and catch the water fountain show...it rocks!
4	Beautiful hotel and excellent service. Vegas hotels have awful service, so if you value service like I do, the Bellagio is entirely worth the higher price. The concierge is very helpful and the employees are nice.Hotel guests can pass through the line for the famous buffet; an additional bonus and the only reason I'd return to their buffet. It is too popular, the line is too long for a non-guest. Yes the food offerings are good but the buffet at Mandalay Bay is identical in quality (and seafood  -  why we went) and the wait is minimal.
4	Forget the botanical gardens, the fountains, and the fine art, what I liked best about Bellagio is what's in the bedroom.  Topping a fun night of gambling, drinking, and dancing is falling asleep to the glittering lights of Vegas.  The problem with that is when dawn arrives, light fills up the room, interrupting my sleep and forcing me to crawl out of bed to close the drapes.  But this problem is solved by buttons next to the bed that open and close the drapes.  Genius.
5	I went to Vegas with my friends during the summer after I turned 21.  We decided to stay in the Bellagio because we thought it we were going to be spending the money, go all the way.  We got a good deal because we booked a package flight with Southwest from Seattle.There is a lot to do and see in Las Vegas, but it was so nice going back to the most beautiful place on the strip.  The buffet is the best I have ever had.  Everything was fresh and lots of fish and good meats, and it was a reasonable price.Next time I go to Vegas, I am going to stay in the Bellagio again.
5	Nobody cares about the rooms in their hotels in Vegas. Or at least, from where I've stayed, that seems to be the attitude. That said, Bellagio's rooms are comfortable and quite lovely, though not as luxurious for the price you're paying. However, what you are paying for is the feeling you get as you walk under the Chihuly (sp?) ceiling in the lobby, through the Conservatory, through the casino and into any of the delicious restaurants. And if that's what you're looking for with your Vegas experience, you are absolutely getting what you paid for.
4	Probably my favorite hotel in Vegas.  I've yet to try the Wynn though, so I'll get back to you.  ;)Bellagio is understated and elegant.  I don't need the over the top disney circus crap that Vegas is known for.  Really.  I don't.   None of it amazes or impresses me.  What I'm impressed by is beauty, service and quality and that's why I like this hotel.   They do have the occasional hiccup but when they do, they will do their best to make it right, asap.  I also like that you must show your room key to a guard before you can go upstairs.The rooms are spacious and the beds are luxuriously soft and fluffy.   I do wish they better bath products in the rooms.   They're not bad, but some Aveda or Crabtree and Evelyn or something would be perfect.The Spa is wonderful and I'm in love with all the cucumber scented hair and skin care they have there.  Right down to the cucumber infused water.   They also have complimentary juices, sodas and coffees.. and you can use the spa all day with purchase of their services.  The steam room and sauna are nice, but the jacuzzi could be hotter.   However, the showers are an event in and of itself... with changing colored lights and lovely serene music, plus four different faucets including a rain shower and body wand.  Beautiful.  I need one of these in my house. The same peaceful music and lighting is in the massage rooms and the services are pricey but worth it for a splurge.   Special thanks to my best friend from high school for talking me into a pampered weekend away .. I needed it.   I did not have a chance to check out the pool, the caviar bar or clubs (I've heard good things about Caramel) but next time...   The shops are, of course, fabulous (Chanel, Gucci, Tiffany, Prada, Dior, Fendi, Hermes etc...) if somewhat busy.   Room service is quick and efficient with an excellent selection of items.  The steel cut oatmeal or egg white frittata and nine grain toast  are tasty and will make you feel better about yourself after a night of overindulging.... before you head out to overindulge again, of course.  ;)The Corpse Reviver cocktail (also on the room service menu) is a must try for anyone who likes anise.   They also make an excellent Bloody Bull and the bartenders on site do actually listen to you when you ask them to stir your martini instead of shaking the hell out of it.  Don't miss the fountain shows.. they're beautiful, especially while dining at Picasso.  One final tip, be sure to tell your driver to drop you at the North entrance if you are a guest at the hotel... that way you will avoid having to walk all the way through the lobby and casino in order to get to your room. Can't wait to go back.
5	Our first stay at this fabulous resort/casino. Even though there are newer places on the strip (Wynn, Venetian, etc.) the Bellagio still stands as the overall best of breed. It is visually stunning, starting with the Fountains of Bellagio on the street with the water and sound shows multiple times per day. As you enter the lobby/front desk you are overwhelmed by the current display of the Chinese theme: Year of the Pig, carried out in the conservatory with thousands of flowers & plantings, a huge statuary of a Chinese god, a pagoda, animated pig, etc. Fabulous!Throughout the facility, the decorator touches are all well done. The casino is extensive, spreading out as you walk toward the designer shops or a performance of "O"- a water production of Cirque Du Soleil.The rooms are nicely appointed and beds are comfortable. As is the current trend, almost everything used in rooms may be purchased new for your own home. My only complaints were with the Conair hair dryer (cheap-turned off after about 60 seconds) & there was only one trash can in the room (bathroom).As for gambling, maybe it was  just our bad luck-but the slots seemed to be very tight.Have to mention the patisserie located in the walkway to the Spa Tower. Features a chocolate fountain with multi layers of spill over liquid chocolate. Also have a crepe chef working right out front.Total Bellagio experience was deserving of  5 stars.
5	bellagio is my all-time favorite las vegas hotel.  this is classy without being too much.  the conservatory is always a jawdropping experience.  they really go all out.  all their restaurants are delicious, albeit pricey.  very courteous clerks and staff.  the spa is great.  $25 all day use of steam rooms, jacuzzis...etc if you are a hotel guest.  i love rooms in both the main hotel and the spa tower.  best of all, bellagio has hands down themost comfortable beds i have ever laid in.  EVAR.  i just purchased their pillows and my mom bought their mattresses, made especially for them by serta.  damn, im jealous.  oh and go to their patesserie.  god.
5	In my opinion, what gives this place it's 5-star quality is the BUFFET! OMG!! Sure, it was a bit of a wait to get into the place, but once you were in, you didn't want to leave! Oh how I miss the endless supply of succulent king crab legs and the tables full of desserts and other good things! *sigh*Well, if you must know why else this place is a 5-star hotel read on...I stayed at this place with the bf and this is by far the cushiest (is that a word) place we have stayed at on the strip, thus far.The lobby was an amazing place to walk into, the shopping was great, the service was quick and friendly, the rooms were immaculate, and the casino was *gasp* CLEAN and on the quiet side.What made the lobby so great was its super-tall ceiling and its look of "cleanliness" (as compared to the cheaper hotels on the strip). I also liked how the public bathrooms were supplied with two-ply toilet paper. I know it sounds funny, but hey, in my opinion, that's how you rate the grandeur of the place.As for the room, I loved the SIZE of it, the fountain view, and the never-been-touched look of it; it made me not want to touch anything for fear of moving something from its place! The look of the room also made me feel like it was okay to sleep on the bed because there was no evidence of raunchy lovemaking or anything of the sort. =) The bathroom was as immaculate as the room. This was one of the first hotel bathrooms in which I was not afraid to take a nice long bath in the tub.All in all, great room, great price. I definitely recommend this place to everyone!On a side note: if you have the time and money, go see Cirque du Soleil's "The 'O'." This show is conveniently located in the hotel. =) Good times...
5	I have had the pleasure of going here twice and neither time did I have to pay a dime.  That might skew this review a bit in favor of the Bellagio, but who cares!?  Personally I thought the bathrooms were better than the regular room.  Free access to the mini-bar also rocked the casbah.  The buffet was completely worth the LOOONG wait in line.  Maybe next time we will go a little earlier and miss the crowd.  Sitting next to the pool in a cabana with a waiter bringing us overpriced drinks was also a nice amenity I am not use to.  So many areas within the pool area to go and take a dip, it was nice.How did this royal treatment happen for free?  My buddy's boss apparently some sort of high-roller in Vegas and gets tons of stuff comped.  She flew out from LA once just to sign us into the room and then immediately caught a flight back!  How rad is that?!  The second time we got free tickets to see 'O'.  I have told him he needs to keep that job as long as possible so I can reap the benefits of his generous boss.
3	I used to love this place. Rooms are comfortable, casino is spacious, and service used to be great. Service definitely went south after the MGM acquisition. Ended up switching over to Wynn. I still have a little fondness for Bellagio because it's facilities overall are just great. Nice pool as well and great restaurants. If only the service was better these days...
5	I could live there, love everything about it (the only thing it makes me wanna be richer... oh well)
5	since I won a lot of money there,they deserved 5 star.when I bored I could watch Dancing Waterwhile I sleepy .............................................................
3	Beautiful hotel yet I was not highly impressed.
5	Aww the Bellagio.. One of my all time favorite places in LV. The Botanical garden is great. Every time i step into the Bellagio and I see that garden all the memories of any other hotel vanish. The Buffet is one of the best from all the hotels. The only thing i dislike about this place is the damn tourist with their annoying kids and tacky clothing.
5	I have stayed at most of the Vegas strip hotels and here are my thoughts.I have stayed here a handful of times.  By far, they have the best customer service!  I had a bad customer service experience while checking in and they upgraded me to a 1 bedroom suite with 3 bathrooms.  They even sent up a fruit basket for my troubles.The bedrooms are very nice and a step up from some of the other hotels on the strip, but not a HUGE night and day difference.  Just being in the hotel and in the room makes you feel like you are Donald Trump.You must check out their season botany garden display which changes every month.The pools are nice, but a bit weird since they have about 7 different pools which are a bit on the chilly side and attracts an older crowd.TIP: Although their buffet has received high reviews, your best bet it to go to the Wynn Hotel's buffet where is a bit cheaper and WAY better!  Also, there is a free tram that you can take from the Bellagio to Monte Carlo that you can take.
5	I've stayed at many hotels and the Bellagio service is simply unparalelled. On my last stay here I got in around 10AM on a Friday and had no problem getting fast, early check in with a gleaming smile. The casino is the cleanest in town and the dealers are fabulous, even to a low end gambler like me. The restaurants, with the exception of Circo anymore, are wonderful. I will not stay anywhere else in Vegas.
5	This place is tight! Stayed here for 2 days for a friends wedding and damn it was really nice. All the stuff in our room was controlled by one remote control, the window blinds, the lights, the TV and the DVD player all in one remote, that in itself was heavenly LOLWe ordered room service and got a rib eye steak cooked to medium rare, mashed potatoes and a spring salad. I've never had room service turnout so well and the steak come as ordered. Usually it comes a over done and the other items luke warm or soggy. That wasn't the case here, the meat was cooked as ordered, the potatoes were hot and the croutons in the salad were still crunchy! The next morning after the wedding rehearsal we were treated to lunch at the Bellagios buffet and oh damn...that was the best buffet I've ever eaten at. Pizza, prime rib, turkey, butternut squash ravioli with sage, prime rib, sushi, Alaskan crab legs and did i mention prime rib? GOOOD STUFF!The thing about the Bellagio though is, NONE of it is cheap. Even the roulette wheels are at a $20 minimum inside and out, I won though so no complaints. The room service we got was about $120, the buffet was free but I've eaten there again and it was $29 and the room...hell I ain't getting into that LOL but it costs you...a lot.If your looking for a good time in Vegas and are willing to spend the cash this is the place for you!
5	Loved it! My hubby & I went here for our anniversary and we had a wonderful time.  For us it's still the best place to stay on the strip. Also, downstairs there is the best Creme Brulee you will ever have. The pool is really nice and the people at the hotel are so friendly.
5	The Bellagio ushered in a new era of elegance and decadence for the Las Vegas Strip.  Prior to its opening, the newer casinos were going down the whole family friendly lane, and then the Bellagio came with it's wholly adult, sophisticated feel.  The botanical gardens alone are worth the trip.  They change monthly and have never failed to impress.  You can sometimes smell them before you see them.The gallery of fine art was another first of its kind - the first time great works of art were brought to a predominant Vegas resort and it still remains one of the few truly artistic attractions on the Strip.The bars and lounges are all great, but for a real treat as a tourist or for an out of town guest - have a drink on the balcony of the Fontana Lounge at night while the fountains go off.  That's pretty spectacular.
4	Hey Big Spender! That's the song I remember blaring to the fountain show, which burst practically an upside down waterfall into the air. I think it tries to add a bit of class with signature flash to Vegas, and for the most part, succeeds. Their lobby is pretty with these bright floral lights on the ceiling cascading their shades onto the marble below. (I can't do the description justice without making it seem tacky. Sorry!). They have a wonderful room for brunch with tasty eats and also where you can look onto the strip. When I went, it was too cold to go to the pool but that was beautiful too. And let us not forget or pay homage to the much overlooked gelato store with a delightful hazlenut flavor. It loses a star because when I was there, the crowd was a little too old for my taste.
5	I haven't had the opportunity to stay here.. YET.But c'mon - they give you gloves (or used to unless they switched over to the cash cards - BOO HISS) to scoop out all of your coins.. how sweet is that?
5	Why can't every hotel be like the Bellagio?  Whether it's the Feng Shui friendly casino or the Cafe Bellagio run by former South Central drug dealer Jeffry Henderson, or Cirque du Soleil's masterpiece, O, this 5 star hotel has everything.  Alright, so the mall kind of sucks and so does night life here, but Caesars is right across the street and clubbing, well, you're on your own.  Both the swimming pools and the spas are bigger than life.  And the rooms are elegantly decorated.  Even the towels are some of the softest towels you'll ever lay your face on.  (Yeah, we stole a few.)  I've also won a couple grand on the slot machines.  Slot machines!  If you stay at the Bellagio, I do suggest checking out all of the above attractions.  With all the Bellagio has to offer, you ALMOST don't need to leave the casino.
4	Great location, if not the best, on the strip; Expensive; Classy; Memorable!  The water fountains are a huge attraction and being centrally located and so luxurious, it attracts people from all the other hotels ..... which means...it's always busy in the casino floor.  This is the place to be to get some eye exercise....if you know what I mean!
4	Large and luxurious are the keywords for Bellagio.  We stayed in a L&L room with a great view of the fountains and a spacious bathroom...that's always good because, ya know, I always like to have plenty of room when doing my thing in the morning.  When you're blurry-eyed from a late night at the tables, you don't want to worry about your toothbrush falling in the toilet.  Oh, and the bed was one of the most comfortable I've encountered in a hotel.L&L also applies to their buffet.  I am not a huge buffet fan, but their brunch buffet has a huge variety of high-quality choices.  If you're trying to eat healthy, there are plenty of delicious choices that won't pack on the pounds.The pool area is very pretty but of course gets crowded on a sunny day.  Try getting there before 11am.  The pool bar has some great drinks if you don't mind paying the prices (I had the frozen mango belini, my friend had watermelon juice - both delicious!).  If you need a cab, skip the monstrous taxi line in front of the hotel and instead go to the little north entrance where you might only have to wait a minute or two for a cab.As one would expect, the casino tends to be higher limit tables.  You'll find only a very small number of $10 on a weekend night, and NEVER any $5 tables.  The dealers are friendly and make the games fun.
5	I love everything about this hotel. I stayed in the 2000 Sq. ft. penthouse suite and I loved the room too much that I didn't want to leave after my vacation was over. I was so sad. I love the bathrooms, one of them has a shower with a steam system like how it is in a steam room and the other one has a hot tub. You can watch TV in the bathrooms too!Well anyways, in the lounge of the suite you get an unlimited supply of chocolate covered strawberries, soda, juices, water, cookies, pastries, and alcohol! I think I ate about 20 chocolate covered strawberries over the period of two days. =]The buffet is okay, not all the food is good. They should get a better sushi chef and a better cook for the chinese foods. Other than that everything else is great. I would say the cafe near the garden has better food than the buffet.The Bellagio Spa is the greatest! I had a 50 minute massage and I thought I was in heaven. The spa area has the usual spa stuff. I am only 21 years old and I was about 20-40 years younger than all the people there! They looked at me like I was lost, hhahaha. The show "O" is absolutely great. It's a wonderful show that will please your eyes throughout the show. I wish I had talents like the performers. Just be careful about sitting up in the front area, you will get splashed with water!The only thing I hate about this place is the stupid trunk check before you can drive in! Okay, what is that supposed to do besides waste about a minute of my time.
5	Who knew you could be so moved by water?!?!  If you are in the area, PLEASE check out the Fountains of Bellagio.
5	I LOVE the Bellagiol!!  The suite I stayed in was crazy fabulous....I just wished my own room in my apt. was 1/2 as gorgeous.  And the bathroom....mmmm....I could've just stayed in my room throughout my whole trip.  The hotel has everything you would want here.....from yummy chocolates to massages/spa treatments.  Best of all, I didn't spend a dime to stay there since I was only there for "work."  :)
4	Fantastic esp. before sunning yourself while catching up on some greatly needed rest from a night of debauchery.   Yummy order: huge plate of Panini turkey/ham w/mixed greens. My gf: coffee & TunaSalad Sandwich.Major cool: patio dining near poolside & hot bods. Atmosphere kinda reminds me of outdoor cafes of St. Tropez, France, quite indulgent.
3	For the price, this place didn't deliver enough imo. They said they'd have a room ready with a view of the strip if we waited until 3  to check in (we got there at 10). True, you could see paris... over the parking lot. The bathroom shower... AMAZING. hella comfy pillows, but very rough towels not what I expected. Coulda been better.
4	The Belagio is my casino of choice when I am in Sin City for numerous reasons. Let us review, shall we:1: The Belagio exterior screams class. Yes, the water-show is every 30 minutes, but it's still cool. 2: The nice moving walkways get you out of the blazing desert heat asap.3: The conservatory is nice enough4: The air condition is not over-powering like in other places: i.e you can be in there awhile and not get cold from it. 5: Classy ass poker room. Too bad it was too high-end for me. 4/8 limit was the lowest stakes, while NL was $500 buy-in. Serious change.  5: Now this is the best part: while the Belagio is going for that French Riviera feel of high-class, high-roller, it still has a few $5 black-jack tables, and most importantly it has WAR!!!!!!!Yes, that's right...the card-game that you played when you were little. In essence it is the dumb persons blackjack (when I made this comment to my girlfriend while watching, the wife of one of the players smiled slyly). Well, I sat my ass down, got a Q, doubled up, then got an Ace, doubled up again and promptly left. Peace.The one thing I am not a fan of is the high-end stores that they have there, but whatever. Belagio = best of the Sin.
5	This review is actually only for the fountains - I can't help myself!The tourist in me just loved watching those hundreds of jets of water spraying in unison to catchy tunes. It's the equivalent of a fireworks show ... er, sorta.So after being ripped off by the LasVegasTickets.com salesguy it sure did feel better to sit by the fountains with some gelato in hand and hear "Time to Say Goodbye" for the last show of the night.Gratifying, to say the least. Good times.
5	The Bellagio can be summed up in one word...Class.  My wife and I stayed at the Bellagio for a week and loved every minute of it.  Rooms were first class and the service was fantastic on every level.  One small tip about staying here:  pay the few extra bucks to stay lakeside.  Its worth the money to have the view.I'm anxious to try the Wynn, but I just can't get myself to leave the Bellagio.
3	I was not as impressed with the service as I thought I would be.  Hey, but that's me.  I prefer to gamble at the smaller casinos where the dealers actually smile, talk to you, and help when necessary.  I felt the staff at the Bellagio are asked to be aloof, which is OK, but I require a bit more attention.  Yeah, I know I am just saying that I am high maintenance.  The wedding we went to in the Bellagio was totally awesome though.Since I can't find the spa I will up my rating - the spa itself is fantastic and beautiful, but the treatment I got was great.   I got a seaweed bath with a mini-facial.  I think the bath was better than a massage all these wonderful jets working on your tired muscles.  Yummy!  So that's the upside.  Here's the down side - 1.  I get there and spend about 1.5 hours in the spa area.  I am told to go to the ladies lounge 5 minutes before my scheduled appt.  which I do.  I am there and just relaxing when  a loud-ass woman and her loud-ass daughter walk in.  They are pretty much screaming, which is totally killing my relaxation.  Also the woman's voice is annoying and is grating on my nerves, but of course that's just me. What did I expect you ask?  I expect a staff member to shush noisey lady and noisey ladies off spring.  2.  They check you in while you are sitting in the lounge area the girl tells me you will be in the spa area.  She checks everyone else in and makes an announcement - "If I have just spoken to you, please come with me".  So I get up and I walk with her.  I sit in another lounge for 10 minutes.  She comes back and says to me - oh I told you to stay in the spa area.  I say no you didn't you told me my treatment was in the spa, which means where I am currently.  What did I expect?  She should have been clear and said the following people follow me to the massage rooms.  If you are having any other treatment stay here.  3.  Here's the kicker.  We bought our friends who were getting married a nice spa package.  I created a specific package for them, by talking to one of the salon package coordinators.  I set this up at 1pm via phone.  With the understanding from the package coordinator that a letter detailing the package would be written out on Bellagio letterhead and would be given to me when I arrive to the spa.  I get to spa at 2:45 - letter is not complete, but they assure me that I will have the letter the minute I walk out of the spa.  OK - 6pm, wedding is at 7 - I am showered and 1/2 way ready.  I need to put my dress on and also put my makeup on.  I get to the front desk - they have no idea where the letter is.  Plus the people that know about it are gone...  I start getting agitated.  I have 30 minutes to put on my face and get dressed.  No one can help me.  I stand around for another 10 minutes - I am assured by the manager they will find said letter and would deliver to my room before 6:30.  I go to my room wait until 6:45, no one shows up.  We head out  'cause we can't wait anymore.  I run into one of the spa girls as we are walking and luckily she has the letter and everything is OK.  I am upset, because I had this wonderful treatment I paid for and they totally killed the relaxed feeling I had by losing the letter.  So annoyed!!!!
4	I've never stayed at Bellagio, but have visited very frequently. It's one of the top casino hotels in town, but I somehow feel I should like it more than I do.** PROS **Location.  Smack dab in the center of the Strip. I may enjoy walking, but it's still fun to be right in the middle of the action.Restaurants.  Picasso, Michael Mina, FIX and Jean-Philippe Patisserie are very good choices in their respective categories. I even like their 24 hour cafe.Lake.  Even after countless walks past Bellagio, I still enjoy seeing the fountains at night. With the price of Strip real estate, it's hard to imagine anything like this ever appearing again. In another forum, I (only half jokingly) predicted that in ten years MGM Mirage will announce that the Lake is to be filled in, replaced with a new tower and high end shopping. Enjoy it while you can.** CONS **Layout.  Bellagio aims for grand - at the price of a rambling layout. The casino is the same size as Wynn's, yet seems cavernous by comparison. It's often a long, confusing walk between places in the hotel.Gambling.  Bellagio wants to be refined.  OK, but unfortunately the dealers too often come across as stiff. Not mean, not unpleasant, just wooden. Craps dealers are like statues - polite statues, but statues nonetheless.Restaurants.  When Bellagio opened, its restaurants were the best of any hotel in town. However, the Las Vegas restaurant scene has advanced tremendously since then - and all the while Bellagio has stayed pretty much the same. Picasso is still excellent but not the best in town; Michael Mina perhaps once was the best seafood restaurant, but no longer. Relatively new entries FIX and Jean-Philippe Patisserie are excellent for what they are, but neither qualifies as a top dining spot. Bellagio is still a fine place to eat, but management needs to breathe some new life into it.I don't know what MGM Mirage management is thinking, but it seems as if newer projects (like Project City Center) are getting all the attention. Benign neglect is the watch word of the day. "If it ain't broke, don't fix it." Well, it ain't broke, but the Strip is rapidly changing, and Bellagio is in danger of becoming "that property that used to be famous once."
4	Very nicely and comfortably appointed hotel on the strip. Beautifully decorated entryway/atrium with gorgeous glass sculptures on the ceiling. The casino area is tastefully decorated and lighted, to create an aesthetic flow, rather than an abrupt transition.Simply appointed rooms are comfortable, though I felt that my matress was way too squishy for my taste, and the pillows way too flat. The restrooms in Vegas are one of my favorite things because of how spacious and well appointed they are. I have forever been spoiled by large, glass enclosed showers with stone floors and wet walls.Lovely selection of dining locales make this a gourmand's journey into the delicious. Be sure to partake in the daily dance and music show of the fountains either from your room, or up-close and personal.
5	I have not stayed here, but thought it is a very nice and entertaining casino.  The buffet here is the best.  The conservatory with seasonal flower setting are so nice, I always visit it on my Vegas trips.  And of course the water show in front is so amazing and popular.  Both are free.Location is very central.  It is always super crowded.  If you don't like crowds while you gamble, this is not a place for you.  But you will be impressed to watch so many 'whales' gambling away more than $10,000 per hand, with about $ 1/4 million of playing chips.  I think they enjoying showing off.The show here, O, is very famous.  A must see.The only problem is Bellagio is very stingy on comps.
5	The Bellagio's seafood buffet is outstanding. Worth the experience.
4	I really liked staying at the Bellagio, it was my first time in Vegas so it was nice place to stay. Considering we are in our early thirities it wasn't the best place to stay.We felt a little out of place seeing how it was a "older" crowd that likes to stay there.I went to the spa, it seemed more like a camp day. weir spa. overpriced and not very good! however the buffet is to die for!I honestly reccomend the tower rooms great veiw of the water fountains!
5	I don't even remember when I last ate here and what I had. I just remembered liking the place. If I ever go through Vegas again, I'll try to eat here and update this review. ;)
5	I do enjoy refined and classy things whether they are expensive cashmere sweaters, fancy jewels and the like, or fine hotels.  Thus, I enjoyed my stay at the Bellagio. While it is must be difficult to pull off a 5 star, intimate hotel experience in a place as large as the Bellagio, they still manage to do a damn fine job.All that being said, I never ever pay a lot for things (not because I'm cheap, but because I'm a poor, recently graduated student who owes my soul to a wicked financial institution that agreed to lend me money for school).  We got a phenomenal deal at the Bellagio and paid less than what a night at MGM would have cost or even New York New York for that matter.  The pool was fantastic, the gym (in the spa) offers "ice towels" to its patrons, and the service from the staff and concierge is impeccable.  The only drawback appears to be an older/international crowd (only if you see this as a drawback, it didn't bother me at all), overpriced restaurants (but it is Vegas after all), and no average-priced shopping (is all Chanel, Tiffany, etc).  The fountains are breathtaking so try and talk the front desk into giving a room with a fountain view.
5	I I could give 10 stars I would because here is my story.....so my sister, mother and grandmother plan a girl trip to Vegas in mid June (btw best time to go cause of the prices)we decide to book our whole package through expedia.com and choose a regular lake view roomwell our flight out was canceled and we were put on the later 10:20PM flight. I called Bellagio letting them know that we would arrive after midnight and they were absolutely graciousso we get there and we check in and the clerk says you can use the elevator behind the velvet curtain over thereokayI look at the room number and its above floor 20 so I'm thinking great we will have a great view of the fountain i hope.we get to our floor and the room door are very very far apart so we make our way down to our room and I'm thinking is this the right floorwe open the door and OMG they put us in the two bedroom penthouse suite!!!!!!!!!!!!!! we had 7 TVs 5 bathrooms a living room, dining room, two hot tubs and the list goes on and on.....I immediately put on the robe and slippers and do a dance.my mom asks......"how much WAS this?!?" I said it was what i said but i think they made a mistake.......my mom said don't you Dare say anything i love this!!!!!I swear it was bigger than my house!floor to ceiling windows what a wonderful experience!the beds were so confortable and guess what if you really like anything in the room you can buy itthank you expedia and thank you Bellagio!!!!!!!
1	This review is for the buffet at the Bellagio. I went there during Mother's Day weekend and brunch was $28.99 per person. I thought the food was going to be really good, but it turned out to be the opposite. I tried alot of what they had including lamb (omg I felt like I was eating road kill-it was that bad) and all I ended up enjoying was their mashed potatoes. They didn't have that much variety esp. dessert. I was totally disappointed!
4	Sorry. Yes I know it's a great hotel. Beautiful, well-decorated, large, everything you would expect from a Vegas Strip center piece.Do I like it? Sure. Is it a preference? No, not really.Rooms are nice. Plush, ornate, luxurious, great views. I don't have much to say about this hotel except that it is exactly what you would expect. It's an amazing hotel and resort, but I was left a bit unsatisfied.Restaurants in the Bellagio are under par in my opinion. I make it a point to come here only because this is the only place on the strip that has single deck blackjack at $100 a hand. Normally for single deck, you're either off the strip or you're putting down way more per deal.Count cards and come here.Stay and you'll enjoy it. Stay somewhere else and I'm sure you'll enjoy it too. Vegas is all about luxury.
5	This place just rocks!  I am speechless as to the variety of art you can peruse while strolling through the Bellagio!  Take a peek at the pics I took with my Nokia 6260 camera phone!I am positive my pics will impress you enough to visit the Bellagio, too!
3	I think the hotel is great, but for that price, I'd expect more. We got 2 suites... both NON SMOKING. 1 of them sort of smelled like smoke and the other smelled like someone was sitting there and smoking! Other than that the bathrooms were just good, but not spacious like the Venetian's. I expected more, but Bellagio didn't really deliver. The lobby and everything downstairs was top notch gorgeous though. Give and take... price versus comfort, I give Bellagio 3.5 stars. If my room hadn't smelled like smoke, 4 stars.
4	Beautiful hotel but I'm always afraid the glass flowers in the lobby are going to fall on my head! (I have a glass over my head phobia that also includes mirrors.) My favorite things about this amazing hotel... the "garden" connected to the lobby changes season to season (pumpkins for fall), the piano bar features tasty drinks and a wide selection of blow-your-life-savings caviar, the rooms are plush, the staff are super friendly, the smokiness factor is next to nil and the pool is full of regular people, no plastics here. Of course, it's all better when you can get a cheap rate, which we always do. (We're not Rockefellers folks!)My most recent trip was almost marred by faulty a/c though, but after the engineering ladies had already tried to fix it once, the front desk moved us to the suite floor, not a suite **pout**, but it was super posh with better robes, slippers, way more toiletries and a flat screen in the bathroom next to the soaking tub. Ah, so that's how the other half of the other half lives.
3	The physical building and rooms are beautiful. The buffet, Noodles, and Jean Phillipe Patisserie were overpriced, but really good. And, uh, the elevators were quick? I'm running out of good things to say about them because...they charged $12 for an ethernet cable and still charged $12.99/day for access. And, it's $25/day to use their fitness center, EVEN IF YOU'RE A GUEST. That's just insulting.Check-in also took forever, even with a dozen people at the front desk.Really disappointing, considering the price.
5	buffet, buffet, buffet!man....
5	I was in Vegas this past weekend, and like Angela M., I really appreciated their autumn makeover for their gardens.  Different colored apples formed a river as they flowed from a huge bucket held in the air.  Mossy nooks were reminiscent of Halloweens in New England, punctuated by gourds and marigolds everywhere.  So cute.My husband and I walked around the entire way, and found ourselves away from everyone else, walking down a giant corridor that led to various ballrooms.  We also saw their main LCD screen for all the weddings they hosted that day.  It was beautiful.  I felt like someone at court in a historical fiction novel.
5	I really enjoyed my time at the Bellagio. This is a nice hotel.Aside from the obvious awesome fountain show, I gotta say this was my favorite casino. Just got good vibes here. My wife and I dressed up all fancy like and went and gambled here. The slots were slots, but they seemed well maintained and classy.After that, we went and hung out at the blackjack table. Must have spent a good hour or two there just hanging out and betting low. You know, sometimes it isn't about winning. We had a really good dealer. She was really charismatic and had some sort of accent I couldn't place. The wife and I would switch out so we weren't hogging two seats. The dealer really made it a group activity and a lot of fun. By the time we called it a night, I really felt like I had bonded with the random other people at the table. Good time was had by all. They though we had just gotten married cause of our outfits, and we didn't say we had been married now for a few months. Whatever, it was our honeymoon!So in the end, I really enjoyed our visit, and we took some beautiful pictures of ourselves out in front. Thank you Bellagio for the most fun and romantic night of gambling ever! ^^
4	Me - throws $200 to get in on the craps table action as we're breezing through the casino.Old guy from Jersey - signs $8,000 marker, pit boss asks how his kids are doingOld guy's friend from Jersey - betting $500 a roll, burns through $5K in about 20 minutes. Signs marker for an additional $3,000. I was tempted to ask him if he knew his shirt actually came with buttons, but I bit my tongue.Woman with 8 carat diamond bling - not betting, standing next to said guy from Jersey. Oh, and by the way I would have recommended just C cups ... but to each their own.More black and purple chips on the table then some small countries GDP. My nickels looked decidedly out of place. Gold diggers take note - this could be your place!!!
4	You may recognize the fountains out front of this casino from the end of Ocean's 11.  It's definitely one of the nicer, more swanky casinos on the strip.  Next to the lobby is a free exhibit which changes with the seasons.  It's usually pretty decent.  In the spring they had a butterfly house with live butterflies enjoying themselves while people stood there tapping on the glass.  Behind this section is a sweet shop which features a chocolate fountain.  Yum!  If you plan on gambling, make sure your wallet is stuffed sufficiently.  You won't find any 5 dollar blackjack tables here.  But their ventilation system is amazing.
5	Heaven.  One of the best hotels in the states I have ever been to.
4	This a review for the Bellagio Salon.I decided to take my sister for a fancy pedicure for her birthday this year.  I tried making appointments for both of us at the Bathhouse @ Mandalay Bay, but they wanted to charge us each a $35 fee because we weren't staying in the hotel.  Whatevs!  So I gave the Bellagio Salon a call and they scheduled us in at the same time on Sunday with no additional fee.The salon was nice.  Fancy enough to impress, but still unpretentious enough to be comfortable.  We were both given a beverage and they sat us in big squishy massaging chairs next to each other.  My sister's pedicurist was Marissa and mine was Heather.  Marissa was super nice and chatty, but Heather barely said two words to me the whole time.  I resorted to asking her how she deals with people who are ticklish just to make a little conversation.Overall the experience was pretty nice, though I'm not sure it was entirely worth the $200 I spent on the whole shebang.  But it was fun to splurge a little on my sister for her special day!
5	I did not have the luck to stay in this Hotel but my friends and I tried their bar and had some amazing drinks from the one and only top barman in the world! Try their drinks they are sooooo good!
5	Those damn fountains that go off every 15 minutes are IT.  I love free entertainment, I love "All that jazz...", it was so great!Kieran and I ran from the Hilton all the way to the Bellagio (using the monorail of course), to catch the last night showing at 11:45pm.  We got the best seats and made it just in time (luckily I didn't stall in front of the Fendi store!)He really wanted me to see it for obvious reasons and he was right, I loved it!  Pretty darn spectacular.  :)
4	Let me just say this - for a person that doesn't really like Vegas, this place was fantastic  Granted, I did not pay and was there to do semi-light work (babysitting GF's 1yr old nephew) for Thanksgiving, but all in all, enjoyed it very much.  The craps did me well as did some college football which "rolled" my way, so of course I am in a fantastic mood!  Tables looked nice, not nearly as smokey as, say, the New York New York, only downfall was no roller coaster.  I might be back.....in 3 years.
4	I walk through the Bellagio several times whenever I make a trip out to Vegas. The entry to the hotel is gorgeous, with the multi-colored flowers on the ceiling.. kinda reminds me of the Wynn. Of course their shops are great too, I have swiped my plastic way too many times in their stores like Chanel and Dior... it's a sickness, I know. Their water show is my favorite part of Vegas though. They change up the songs and the shows every couple of months it seems, so when I go throughout the year, I get to enjoy different shows. Lounges in the Bellagio are pretty nice, realy chill and laid-back. Nice places to just hang with friends and drink. I've been to their club Light as well, it's pretty nice but the crowd is questionable at times. Now, on to their buffet... we got in line around 530, which I would say is still earlier than normal dinner time, and it took about an hour till we were seated. Granted, it was a holiday weekend, but MY GOD, I was expecting something like gold on a platter for a wait that long. The food was pretty good, a lot of different things offered. Chinese, pasta, immense salad bar, lots of fruit, crab legs, shrimp, a TON of desserts, soups, sushi (which wasn't bad), etc. I thought it was good, but not worth the longass wait... though it was still shorter than the line for the Wynn buffet.
1	Beautiful hotel, friendly staff, great holiday decor etc.  No wonder this is the favorite of a lot of Vegas addicts I know.  Far too pricey for my measly dime, but with convention rates, it's perfect!My only complaint - please please please clean your service hallways.  I can smell it way down the hall on the way to and from my room and it makes my stomach turn every time.  More frequent bussing of the hallways may help too - I walked past the same leftover breakfast cart outside a neighboring room several times until after lunch.** 02/08/08 Update **If you're coming for business be very careful about paying for a room block in advance.  The nightmare that is billing has washed any good taste I had for the Bellagio right out of my mouth, dropping a four star review to one.  How is it possible that I can call the hotel weekly (sometimes a few times a week), to try to get a list of all the charges made to my credit card for over two months and still not have it?  Especially when the woman I just spoke to said, "we get this all the time."?!  I've talked to so many people and been transferred and brushed off so many times; it wasn't until I threatened to dispute the charges with my credit card company AND had my company AP department contact them several times as well, that someone was actually able to help me.  How is that even possible?  Why would they be so against sending me a list of charges?For two months of stress and anguish, I am totally pissed off at you Bellagio.  There are plenty of other hotels on the strip that would gladly take my 200+ room nights, and thanks to you, they'll get to in the future.
1	Twas the nightmare before christmas...we committed the cardinal sin of not booking early enough (only 1 week prior) , andfor $299 we got a standard room + we have to pay a $35 upcharge for a 3rd persons occupancy.We thought we'd get not a luxurious but a decent Chrstmas vacation @ Bellagio.NOT SO!Upon checking in as we requested a 3rd bed we were met with major attitude.Stephanie the front desk person (whose hometown is in California) "You are fortunate to get 2 queen beds non smoking, you may request 2 beds but we never guarantee it""Please Can you make somehow make it happen?""I can have you talk to our manager""We cant put an extra bed in, its against fire code.  But we can get you extra comforters and make upone bed as two.""Thanks, you have made my day.  Could you make sure that this happens?"(at the moment I was wondering how that could be possible)"Sure, the manager is doing that now"We got to the room and found that its probably the absolute cheapest room there is.Barely enough towels for 2, we clearly got ripped off paying $35 for the extra persons occupancy.These rooms are probably for those "gambling express" bus tour package deals.An hour passed and I asked the operator to connect me to the front desk manager to discuss with her about the bed situation."I have no idea which duty manager you talked to but there is no way we can accomodate that request, but we can give you extra towels and possibly an extra blanket"  Says Angie, supposedly a duty manager, on the phone."Are there any creative ways such as upgrading to a bigger room and we pay for the difference" I asked."Certainly, I have a suite for $400 extra per night plus taxes"Extra towels are better than nothing I thought.  After all, we PAID extra for the extra person occupancy.Leave the suite to those who run solar companies (LDK or SOLF anyone??) or bought RIMM stock.We thought we're better off spending some $$ at Michael Mina's downstairs.We came back from dinner and I wanted to connect my computer."There's a cord @ the mini bar you can use"$12.99 + tax for a cord, and extra for connection charges.OK, a bit pricey but I needed to be connected so I opened the box and connected the the PC to the walljack with the cable.NO.  It does not work.After calling the front desk and getting routed for no less than 3 times, I was told "I need to do something here... click click... you are all set"Still it does not work.  The ethernet port shows media is disconnected.Was it the $12.99 cord or was it the hotel system?I called again and one person said "Oh, I see you have been charged for the access and the cable.""But it does not work."  I said."Sure we know that."  "WHAT?!?!!""Ugh...Let me credit your account."  At least the lady was kind enough to do so.I thought this kind of runaround can only be had from a certain silicon valley company.OK, no internet, no extra bed, I decided to try my luck one last time and called housekeeping directly.What a pleasant surprise!  I got a totally different attitude!"We are all tied up now, sorry it might take up to 2 hours but we will certainly get you an extra bed"About 30 minutes later a kind fella showed up with a rollaway bed.  He was justly rewarded.The following morning I went to the business center to try to get on the net..."Computers here are $10 minimum for usage and $1 a minute.   If you use your own it's $10 an hour"What highway robbery is that?!?Dont punish yourself.  You are much better off at the Venetian, Mandalay Bay, or Wynn unless you are a masochist!We compared our experience with fellow Yelper Setareh N.'s.Like her, we booked from Expedia.  My wife and my mother in law followed the unspoken rule of showing up to the checking counter sporting major bling bling (those are REAL, not cubic Z) but what we got was like the exact opposite.A few days after we checked out, the credit card agency called me to inform me that $260 charge, in addition to the bill which included incidentals such as meals the meals, has been posted to my account.The credit card company suggested I call hotel.I was transferred to the "head cashier" and the greeting was"How may I do you for?"I quickly  responded "What do you think you just said?"If it's an innocent faux pas or even Freudian slip I'd let it go but it sure did not sound like so.
2	For the SPA only.My friend read somewhere that Bellagio was the #1 spa in Vegas. Eh, whoever made that list was on some heavy crack.New Years, apparently you don't get to use the spa unless you are staying at the hotel.  Which was disappointing, as my friend and I were really looking forward to using a spa in Vegas (our hotel didn'thave one)....so it was okay that Bellagio had that policy, but the girl working at the counter practically chewed us out for even asking to use their spa when we're not one of their hotel guests.... its like gdamn, lady, did you HAVE to give us so much attitude?  So my other friend, also not a hotel guest, booked a massage appointment well in advance so she was able to use their facilities, but according to the same girl at the counter, "you're lucky you got it before we made it exclusive to our guests"....The people working here have some serious attitude problem.  Maybe because they work at the Bellagio and they've got some superiority complex cuz they're further up the Vegas hotel food chain, who knows.  So I ended up just using my friend's spa pass for that day after she got her massage, and frankly, I didn't feel bad about it.  They didn't notice either, cuz I guess they think all Asian girls look the same.  She paid $210 for her massage, the least I can do is use their facilities to the fullest.  The facilities....NOT that impressive.  The hot tubs weren't that big, and they have cool water baths too.  Standard steam room, sauna, and nice showers and amenities, but the atmosphere and feel didn't impress me. At all.  In our search for the perfect spa, Qua at Caesar's Palace and The Bath House in The Hotel at Mandalay Bay were much more impressive and service was much more friendly.  I doubt I'd ever stay at Bellagio in the future because their service, quite frankly, sucks.
5	i adore las vegas. call me crazy, but i can't get enough of that place.the first time i visited vegas i stayed at the bellagio, and that experience is perhaps one of the reasons why i keep going back to sin city.i love how big everything is! huge lobby, huge floral displays, huge! if you like things quaint, this is not the spot for you. actually, vegas really isn't the spot for you, either.i had a spectacular experience at the spa. every detail was delightful and my masseuse was kind and very skilled. i wish i could have spent the day in there. too bad i had to catch a flight.my favorite aspect of being a guest at the bellagio is getting a cafe au lait and a delectable pastry each morning from jean philippe patisserie. what a treat!next time i'd love to try THEhotel, but i will certainly return to the bellagio someday.
5	Okay - 157 reviews already posted for this topic and here I am pouring out my heart out for the one caffeine addled reader who has the stamina to make it through the 5 hour marathon  to my humble offering.  To you  semi-conscious one - I hope I make it worth your efforts. I was in Las Vegas in early '07 alone at the end of a conference and decided to visit some of my favorite spots on the strip - the Bellagio fountain light show being one of them.  The best time to see it is definitely at night and this particular night I had just finished unwinding at the Paris buffet accross the street. And since I had 3 Bloody Marys with my meal, was in a very comfortable space.  I arrived at the Bellagio overlook area about 5 minutes before the show and had great place to watch it from. Perched on the wall, with few people about.  I have seen the show many times but was absolutely floored by the effect of the water and lights playing to what could be the best ever song to accompany the show - "Time to Say Goodbye " by Andreas Bocelli and Sarah Brightman.  They do mix the songs up so it may be hard to time it just right but either way I hope they play a song that gives you the same effect.  Good Luck and enjoy.
3	This place is like the Sirens that trapped Odysseus in the Odyssey.  Tempted by its beauty, I partake in its craps tables on multiple trips, and knowing that I shouldn't go but still enchanted to do so, I proceed to get bent over and figuratively have my wallet taken. 5 stars for the beauty of the place, -2 for all the times I've been robbed there.
5	I stayed here for the third time over the weekend before New Year's Eve, and as always, it was an excessively wonderful experience.  Despite the proximity to a major holiday, we got a fantastic room rate.  The particular room my friends and I stayed in was in the Main Tower, and let me begin by saying, the room is HUGE.  Maybe I've just been in New York too long, but by Manhattan standards, I am lucky to have a really big room -- but this was probably bigger than my room and my roommate's room put together.  Actually, I am fairly sure it was bigger than my entire apartment.  Maybe that's not saying much, but still.The room had two queen beds, a desk, two plush sofa chairs, an enormous floor-to-ceiling walnut entertainment center, and a marble bathroom, with a luxuriously large bathtub and a sexy, all-glass shower.  I rarely stay on the Strip when I am in Las Vegas, but when I do -- it's Bellagio or bust.
3	Bellagio is okay, and relative to gaudy Las Vegas, one thing I appreciate about it is it's slight understated and more relaxed tone.  But please, let's not kid ourselves, there is no way it compares with the top hotels of the world, which it sometimes lays claims to.  Sorry, that's another league.Bellagio was disappointing the last time I was there.  It was a little windy, so they closed the entire pool and spa area.  I am talking breezy, not even a strong wind at all.  Part of the reason I stay at Bellagio is the pool . . . I love to swim.  I went out to the pool area and looked around.  Almost tranquil.  I started wondering why they needed to close this area due to the slight wind.  If they close it under these conditions, it will be closed 2-3 months of the year.I voiced my concerns and management offered free breakfasts. What a shocker.  Something not right with our place?  Here, feed your face some more.  On the plus side, Bellagio is well-appointed throughout, as long as you don't focus too long on certain plastic-tinged areas.  Buffets are still among the best on the strip.
5	This review is only for the hotel room. We stayed here and fit 6 girls into one room which had 2 queen beds. The room was spacious and clean with ample fluffy towels for us all to use. The walls were thick so we weren't woken up by next door noises or construction. Half of the group had never been to Vegas so it was great to see how enthralled they were with our hotel over the weekend. I think the Wynn, Bellagio, and Venetian are in a class of their own. You can tell they spend a lot of time and effort to attract a better crowd than places like Imperial Palace or even the Mirage (which smelled like smoke when you walked in). The year of the rat floral exhibit was breathtaking, just like how they like to do it. They have an ample supply of places to eat, drink, and club for all different price ranges unlike places like The Wynn which is all expensive. The water show is also a plus and it's free. Everyone gets so excited about it, I've seen it a dozen times and still love it. It's funny though cause if you think about it, it's just water.
4	I've stayed here a few times.   The rooms are nice, but this hotel doesn't "wow" me.  I really like the garden, Caramel Lounge, and Fix restaurant...but other than that, I don't think it's a place that I would stay again.  I think it's just a matter of preference.  There isn't anything that is particularly wrong with this hotel, it's just a little boring/stuffy for my taste.
4	I liked staying at the Bellagio -- a lot.  I just wasn't as thrilled as I expected to be.  It's very understated and elegant.  I like that.  I liked the casino itself, especially the fact that they had $10 blackjack tables.  Maybe that's because we were there in January?  Overall, everything was really good, I think that maybe I am just younger than the average guest that stays there.
5	Absolutely stunning hotel with excellent service, food, and amenities. I would highly recommend their buffet.
5	My husband and I have stayed at several casinos in Las Vegas and  Bellagio is by far our favorite.  We were part of the first group of 'non-guests' to visit the hotel on it's grand opening evening.  There's nothing better than being the very first person to play on a brand spanking new slot machine.  The rooms and suites are very nicely done and very comfortable.  Comfort is very important when you're on vacation.   Service is excellent.  Many wonderful restaurants to choose from.  Their buffet is pricey, but it's the best on the strip.  If you can, go for their Sunday brunch buffet.  Shopping is fun, but I admit we mainly window shop there.  Their spa is a fantastic deal at $25 for a day pass for guests (of course, treatments are separate).  Let's not forget the fabulous flower Conservatory just off the amazing foyer/reception area (don't forget to look up).  Want entertainment?  Cirque du Soleil's "O" has made a home there.  You don't want to miss that.  And do not miss the fountain show in the front of the hotel.  Night shows are best.    If it's windy, don't stand down wind - the mist from the water will soak you.  But if it's too windy, they fountains will be off.
4	Having never stayed in one of the rooms at the Bellagio, I'll just review what I know.1) The hand blown glass flowers adorning the ceiling of the lobby. If you are a lover of glass art it is worth walking over to the Bellagio just to check it out. It is truly spectacular.2) The Conservatory is STUNNING! They change it every season with different flowers, plants, bridges, and other amazing exhibitions. There is truly nothing else like it in Las Vegas.3) The restaurant Noodles. The decor is amazing and the food is delicious. It's funny how many different ways noodles can actually be cooked.4) Of course, the  Fountains in the front. Definitely something to behold at night with all the lights and the musical accompaniment. Now I would like to share with you a story that will live in my heart forever. One evening I was there with my boyfriend. We had been waiting for the fountains to start for about ten minutes, so we were close to the front. There was a woman in a visor (I don't know why I remember that) and her husband in front of us. The fountains and lights began to the horrific tune of "My Heart Will Go On" by Celine Dion. Oh well, the fountains were still cool. But then I start hearing more singing. My boy notices it at approximately the same time and we kind of look at each other. Then we realize that Visor Lady is emotionally singing along with Celine. We grab each other's hand for support in not busting up laughing. Seriously, this woman was so into it, she practically had tears in her eyes. So did I, but for very different reasons. I thought I was going to pee myself from trying to hold the laughter in. It was one of the best Bellagio Fountain experiences of my life.
5	Stunning - But then again I'm biased as far as this hotel goes....
5	love the room, love the room service...the best french onion soup!and the lobster quesadilla was perfect too :)the downside is that the buffet...it's not all that great.paris hotel's buffet is the best.
3	when i was there, this place spelled elegance for me. seems lots of shopping opportunities here.
4	watching the watershow from your room is amazing!!things i love-glass blown flowers in the lobby-conservatory that changes throughout the year-watershow-O-Jean Philippe Patisseriebut im sad they took out the stairs that julia roberts walked down in ocean's 11.
5	i recently stayed here and we booked through the bellagio-mgm-mirage site. got an awesome lake view room and you can see paris right in front of you its beautiful. room service is awesome the 2.5 lb steamed lobster was so good. the omlette was disappointingly dry! the garden next to the lobby was beautiful as usual and the themes always change so theres always something new to gasp your eyes upon each trip there.
5	The Bellagio is another home away from home.  Do yourself a favor and try to stay in the Spa Tower.  It's a little further trek from the casino but so worth it.  The rooms are a little newer than in the main tower, it's quiet and has a direct elevator to the pool.  Yes, it's a pain in the ass with the crowds, but service-wise, we've always been pretty happy especially since we left a few personal items of importance there and they managed to send it back home to us.  For that, they get five-stars.
5	I feel like we're in roman empire or somethin! I love the water show.. SO FREAKIN PRETTY!! I like the inside of the hotel too, where all the lil shops and stuff are.. the garden, gelato place.. dont remember much!!
3	I returned recently from one of my visits to Las Vegas, and it being my birthday, I decided to splurge a little on the room.  My regular reservation is at the West Wing at the MGM, but I decided on this trip to do it up and go for a lake view room at the former reigning king of the high-class set, The Bellagio Hotel.The hotel is nice, I'll give it that.  The lobby is open and the conservatory is bright and interestingly conceived.  There are terrific shops and world-class restaurants.  The dealers are all very friendly and helpful when you get confused about the details of whatever sucker bet you are extending.  I also like the scale of the place... it's big enough to seem spectacular, but not unmanageably so, like, say, Caesar's Palace next-door.There is an interesting trade-off I have noticed regarding the accommodations, though.  On one trip I stayed in the spa tower.  Nice room, lousy view.  Twin sinks.  Lots of marble.  DVD player.  On this trip, though, I was in the main tower overlooking the fountains and though I was already paying more for that privilege, I noticed that the room wasn't as nicely appointed as the spa tower room, and was definitely much smaller.  Not just that, but it seemed, and I might be nitpicking here, that the window in my view room might have been a little wider.   It wasn't like looking out a porthole, but it felt like it wasn't far from it.  I definitely enjoyed several helpings of the famous Bellagio Fountains display from the comfort of my room, but I was expecting a view that was a little more panoramic.I think in the future I will stick with the West Wing.  Bellagio was nice, but not sufficiently so to merit the premium.
5	No matter who says what about this place I will always hold a special place in my heart for The Bellagio.  Why?  Because I got engaged there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Two days after I graduated from college I went there for another "vacation" and to celebrate my release into the 'real world' with my boyfriend (husband now).  Little did I know he had about ten million tricks up his sleeve.  Checking in, you'll notice how incredibly gorgeous the lobby is!  Checking in was a breeze and the lady who checked us in was so beyond helpful with questions we had and did with a nice pearly white smile too.  The concierge was super helpful too (as I would later find out)  Our first nite we had there was spent relaxing in the room with room service! The bed was super comfortable, plush, and oh-so inviting.........  Ahhhhh, that was the life..........The second day, my husband shuttled me out the room to the spa which he had set me up with a whole day of treatments; massage, facial, mani/pedi/sugar back exfoliation, the works.  The spa (which was just redone at the time) was gorgeous, spacious, quiet, peaceful, with all the spa amenities you could ask for, water, juices, tea, coffee, lotions, plush towels, THE WORKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  When I had called him to come get me downstairs ( i didn't have the key), he told me we got upgraded to a suite!  We got back upstairs to our suite and  I find from the entry way, all through the hallway to the bed, to the second bathroom (there were 2.5 bathrooms in this suite!)  was a trail of red rose petals, a chilling bottle champagne, chocolate covered strawberries in a white chocolate edible dish, and a plate of imported and domestic cheeses, fruit, and bread.  On the oversized bed scattered with rose petals was a velvet box......... Of course, you know how this fairy tale proposal ends.........................................  :)  The concierge I later find out, expertly coordinated the perfect proposal with my husband.  They timed my spa schedule perfectly with the setup of the suite and knew what time I had checked into the spa.They helped my husband decorate the room with the rose petals, had the lunch setup and ready to go so the food would be up in time and made sure everything was coordinated so when I made the phone call from downstairs there would be no rushing or panicking.  They were all so incredibly helpful with my husband that he still acknowledges how nice they were almost 4 years ago.  The suite was beautiful, spacious, comfortable and oh-so fit for a princess!  The food we had at the hotel was awesome and even though you'll drop a dime, it's so worth it!    We didn't eat at any of the really upscale restaurants while we were there, since he had made other plans, but we did eat at the buffet, and the 24 hour cafe and we were NOT at all let down.  The food was so good, fresh, and very well prepared.   Am I biased to this hotel because I got engaged here?  Probably.  But it is really one of the most beautiful and romantic hotels in Vegas.  Everytime I see it in a picture or go to it on one of my many trips there, it always brings a smile to my face...........
5	The last time I went to Vegas I had the unfortunate luck of being sick the entire weekend... but the Bellagio made my experience worthwhile.  If I had to be cooped up sick in a hotel room while on vacation, it would definitely be the Bellagio.  The rooms were surprisingly decent sized, loved the bathroom.  They also make the best chicken sandwiches in their fast food cafe downstairs.  Also of note, the Clinton's stayed there during the Nevada Primaries.  I literally ran into Bill getting out of the elevator.
4	Lived up to the hype!  I especially enjoyed complimentary Grey Goose, a view of the water show, the pool, the bidet, the tubs, the steam shower, Channel 22, and the suite as a whole.  Pretty much ideal.  The only minus was the a single jerk dealing blackjack and a lack of younger people...but I'm sure it's that way for a reason.  Solid sports book and buffet, but there are better in Vegas.  The hotel itself was fantastic.
5	This was definitely our favorite casino on the strip.  The place was amazing inside and almost all of the dealers were friendly and helpful.  They also never carded me, which was a nice change from pretty much every other casino we went to.  I haven't stayed here yet due to being poor from student loans, but if I ever have enough cash to stay somewhere nice in Vegas, it will be here.  Maybe I'm also biased because I won a decent amount of money here.  I definitely had the best luck at this casino.
5	yes, GO! Their breakfast buffet is great!
5	Absolutely adore the Bellagio. For my very first, most memorable Vegas trip (my birthday extravaganza!!!!!!), my best friend splurged on my birthday gift and got me a suite here. I've never felt more like a slack-jawed tourist than when I first walked into the Bellagio, and when I took my first step into our beautiful suite. The famous blown-glass ceilings, the delicious desserts and drinks at Cafe Bellagio, the exciting ring of the slots and hopeful sounds coming from the casino floors, the always-breathtaking Fountains of Bellagio and Conservatory - it was just one exciting experience after another.The suite itself was just ridiculous. Giant king-size bed, huge living room, flat-panel TV's in just about every room in the suite, 2.5 bathrooms, and space galore...just about all the bells and whistles!!!!It was nice to go down to the beautiful pools and relax after a crazy night of partying and staying out til the sun was already blazing yet again.Staying here definitely was the icing to my (birthday) cake and I had so much fun with my girls...can't wait to stay here again!
4	The Bellagio is very nice, honestly it's foe decor fools most into feeling like they live in a mansion, especially if you are fortunate enough to get a really nice, ($800 a night room). For the average person looking to blow all there money in Vegas the Bellagio may just have some of the regular suites available at about $200 a night. The hotel keeps with the more recent trend of super giant hotels and is absolutely one of the nicest hotels in Vegas. The restaurants downstairs are wonderful, (and about $50 per person average)  and offer just about anything you might want. the beds and rooms are very adequately sized even for a regular suite. I do believe all of them have a safe in the side of the entertainment center and a mini bar capable of costing you more than you might expect, (even once you know how much your room is). Eventually after about three days the impressive facade begins to be more noticeably just that and then you begin to think if there might have been somewhere else you could have spent all that money. The bottom line is, you go to the Bellagio to say that you stayed there and you tell everyone how grate it was there, but in the end it's really just a nicer hotel that costs a little more. There is a lot of hype and this place will live up to most of it. It's up to you whether or not you want to see how the experience stacks up to your expectations. For me, it was nice... but it still seems a little too costly.CHAD
5	Sigh. I just love the Bellagio. I had the opportunity to stay here with my husband thanks to some great internet rates. It absolutely lived up to my high expectations. Everything about the Bellagio was a cut above other hotels in Vegas. And the only one that can hold a candle to the decor and service is the Venetian. I knew I had arrived when I walked into my hotel room and my curtains had wall switches. Huge glass-enclosed shower and separate huge tub - and that's the low-end room! Service was superb.  Very classy, Bellagio offered nice little touches everywhere from a live piano player, to fresh flowers. Being from the east it reminded me of the Plaza in NY. Just love it. Hope to get back again soon!
4	This 5 star is for their spa and salon. I wanted a haircut when I got to Vegas. My friends and I headed to the crepe place next to the flower garden. On the way there, we saw a sign for a salon. I went in and requested a free consultation for the victoria beckham haircut (haha). My haircut turned out great! I tipped the hair stylist 100 bucks (a ridiculous amount but I was that excited about my haircut). If you're ever nearby and want a great stylist, try Hanna at the Belagio spa and salon. She's got the magic scissors!
5	This is the big daddy for three reasons that I can think of:- The fountains- The crowds of beautiful people- The hugely entertaining spectacle of watching a high roller lose $5k at blackjack in three minutes - and then smile and pull out another  $10k.
5	This is probably the most classy and tasteful of the Vegas hotels.  Venetian is nice but the whole gondola thing is so chintzy and Palazzo is so ginormous and I think pretty ugly.  The Bellagio has been around for years but still attracts people that just come to take pictures of the gardens.  Think of any other hotel that does that.  The Wynn and Encore are just overkill.  It's not the most ornate, not the priciest, not the flashiest.  From the gardens to the wide open atrium to the cafe to the buffet to the shows to the water show, it's simply the best of everything that Vegas has to offer in a single elegant package.
5	Truly one of the best hotels in Vegas.  Nonpareil service, beautiful setting, great restaurants (even the little to-go cafe's), friendly staff, and luxury in all the rooms.
5	I LOVED this hotel. We spent most of our weekend at the Bellagio, and it was definitely a treat. Our hotel room was pretty big for a deluxe, and the bathroom was GINORMOUS. I wasn't crazy about the bath amenities, but the bathroom was about the size of a small Manhattan apartment, with a big bathtub, shower and of course, the magnifying mirror!! The beds were super comfortable and there was a huge armoire in the room that I wanted to take home with me. The lobby of the hotel is breathtaking, with hand blown glass flowers and a beautiful marbel floor. It is decadent, luxurious and absolutely fabulous. Make sure to visit the garden area, it is excellently done and changes frequently. What I love most about the Bellagio is that it doesn't have the bling and flash of the other Las Vegas hotels... it's all about comfort and luxury... my two favorite words. I only saw the water show briefly, but it was gorgeous!The gambling tables and slot machines were fun, even though I only played a little bit. There are five pools outside, and we were lucky to have three bright sunny days. We fried ourselves on all three days, and loved every minute of it. The pool area is very clean, and the staff is accommodating, courteous and friendly. Make sure to try their fruit smoothies. We had the mango smoothie, and it was like dessert :) Get out to the pool early, because it fills up quickly.As for the shopping, Chanel, Bottega Veneta, Yves Saint Laurent and Hermes are just steps from each other. Need I say more?Everything at the hotel comes with a price. A bottle of water went for $5 and our small bag of Cheetos was also $5. Can you believe that??
3	Get here early... the line gets really long during lunch time.Service is fast and the menu looks really good. We all split the turkey club and Greek salad. The turkey club was delicious.... hearty, with soft bread :) The portion size was big enough for two people (esp if you're going to be sitting out in a bikini afterwards). The Greek salad, which was recommended by the server was not so great. It lacked spices and the chicken was dry. Don't get it.Stick to the sandwiches. Awesome spiced fries too :)
5	I like this hotel.  It's a bit overrated in my opinion but aren't all of the hotels in LV overrated anyway?  The rooms are very plush and opulent but that's what I would expect for the price.  Service was top notch also.  The room that I was in had a remote control that didn't work and they brought another one up promptly.  One of my major gripes in hotels is when their showers have little to no water pressure.  I like a strong stream and for such a massive hotel, their shower did not disappoint.   The rest of the bathroom was huge with a separate shower and bath with a large sink and a huge mirror. The location of the hotel is very convenient since it is right in the middle of the strip.  Caesars Palace, the Forum Shops, PH and the Mile something shops are all right next door and you can always take the shuttle up and down the strip for free.  Combined with the breathtaking fountain shows and the classy decor, you really can't lose with this hotel........UNLESS......you eat at the buffet here.  Do yourself a favor and skip over to the Wynn for the buffet.  The gardens here are absolutely beautiful and the view from some of the rooms are amazing.  For an extra $50/night you can have your room face the strip and the fountains which in my opinion is totally worth it.  The shopping is a bit sparse here with only the ultra high end stores such as Tiffany, Chanel, YSL, Fendi, Dior, Hermes, Prada and Gucci but with the Forum Shops next door who really cares.  This hotel is top notch and I can see why people pay top dollar to stay here.
5	my favorite of the vegas bunch.  ritzy, but not obnoxious.  lots of beautiful people and high end shops...and the fountains at night are the best in LV.
5	The only thing I was missing to make this stay extra pimpish were my Italian Gators w/ Stingray. LOL really I left those at home and was straight kicking myself in the ass. However, just saying you were staying at the Bellagio alone was pimp enough.This place was absolutely everything I expected and more. From plush rooms, top notch service, and a taste of classic decorating. You can't go wrong. Well, your bank account will. However, this stay was fantastic.There aint much more I can say other than, give it a try!
3	The rooms aren't that great unless you pay the big bux or get comped for a suite.  The Venetian and Palazzo offer better standard rooms.  The main draw here is the Garden which changes with the seasons and the Dancing Fountains.  The staff isn't as welcoming as other "high end" hotels.  You need to gamble a LOT to get any sort of comps from this casino.  Too snooty for me here.  I'm gonna stick with The Venetian/Palazzo.
5	The Bellagio is my favorite casino on the strip. To me it looks the classiest and has the best design on the outside. The inside is equally amazing especially the indoor garden when you walk in. Everything about this hotel screams baller. Gaming here is a lot of fun to if your willing to risk the cash. Your not going to find a table game less then $10 on a weekday and probably $25 on a Saturday night. Also, they don't spread low limit poker games so if you wanna look at flops then plan on playing 2-5 at the minimum. If you don't go into the Bellagio then atleast check out the water show on Las Vegas Boulevard. This is by far the BEST free entertainment in Las Vegas. I would wait for the titanic song by Celine Dion. It's.................Amazing.
4	Walking around the Bellagio instantly made my hotel (The Stratosphere) look decidedly normal, if not perhaps a bit crap.  The Bellagio is a classy place and well worth a walk around.I'm almost tempted to knock a star of as the waitress we had at our Blackjack table was both incompetent and very rude.  Thankfully the waitress I had around the slots saved that star making me think we just got unlucky first time around.The water show on Las Vegas Blvd also looked pretty impressive and would probably be worth scheduling into an evening if you're in the area.
4	The first hotel I stayed at because I wanted the ultimate Vegas experience.-Loved the strip view and ability to see the fountain dance every hour from the room.-Loved the bathroom, the bed and the sheets.-Loved the infamous buffet, the 24hr cafe and the chocolate pastries.-Loved the glass lobby, the garden and expensive shops.  Like others have noted.. You have to gamble $$$ to get basic comps since they mostly cater to people above me.  I don't like the casino atmosphere where half naked girls with rich boyfriends dominate the floor, the smokers spread lung cancer to everyone and the expectation that your suppose to tip a lot more then the typical 20% is a downer.  In the end, this hotel is not as grand as shown on the movies.  It's better to visit the casino then to actually stay here.
5	I stayed at Bellagio during my last night over Memorial Day weekend...it happened to be cheaper than Mandalay Bay on Sunday...which is where I stayed my previous three nights...so I used it as a good excuse to try out a room at Bellagio.  Checking in was a breeze, and upon tipping the front desk person $20, I was upgraded to a strip view room that was the first stop on my elevator (which was very nice), and only a couples doors down without being too close to the ice machine. So what I would say a perfectly located room. Our view of the fountains and the strip was perfect (see the pictures) and very pleasant to watch.    The room although with outdated electronics  regular CD player radio (as opposed to iHome iPod dock like Mandalay had) and crummy 24" projection TV in the armoire. They did make up for it by having power curtains, and still very nice and elegant wood furnishings. The room also came with all the toiletries you need and of decent quality to eliminate you bringing your own stuff...unless you really need that $25 face wash from home.  The pool was very nice but sadly the weather sucked so I didn't bother swimming.  Service from everyone was very nice...but I will note...the line for the buffet took an hour to get a table and we didn't find out till later that if you ask the front desk you can get a line pass for the buffet if you're a guest...it'd be nice if they just offered it wouldn't it?  Anyway the Bellagio is a beautiful casino...and nothing beats watching the Bellagio fountain show  playing  to "Singing in the Rain".     Oh and on a side note...we played some slots...made about $15...and then I hit a black jack table..put down a $100 hand...got black jack first hand and left...that works for me.~Gp.s. Lastly, their minibar and refreshments work on weight sensors...so be careful because they are really sensitive and make sure to check your bill..cus I was charged $10 for refreshments I never even picked up...they fixed it..luckily i checked the itemized bill.
2	stayed here once several years ago and haven't been back because of our first experience...my family and I had previously requested a room with strip views when we reserved the room, and upon arrival the front desk person said that we would have to wait an hour for it to be ready.  No problem right? We could find something to do, it is Vegas after all. An hour later we check back...the room was still not ready. 2 hours later...still not ready. Finally we threw in the towel and took a regular room. Then in the middle of the night I awoke to what sounded like people outside our door. Then I heard the handle go up and down like it was trying to be opened. A few minutes later the door opened but because we put the security chain on it, it wouldn't open all the way. At that point security was YELLING AT US saying we were in a room illegally......at this point my mother started yelling right back that we checked in the afternoon before and yada yada yada. Needless to say it took multiple phone calls (at 4 am no less) before they apologized and offered to discount our room (should have gotten the night for free if you ask me!).  I guess the check in girl never actually put it in the computer that we checked in. Now what "Hi End" hotel lets their security YELL at guests or even so called "suspicious" guests at 4 in the morning??!?!?!  I've stayed at numerous other 4 and 5 star hotels and never anything remotely close like that has ever happened to me. We checked out ASAP (which was another nightmare due to the reimbursement on the room...just took forever and had to have at least 3 different managers sign off on it) and went over to the Mirage and had a wonderful experience there. (And since have stayed at other hotels on the strip which were just as nice!)Classy? If classy is a 300 pound man yelling obscenities at you at 4am then to be followed by other staff members questioning you for an hour then yes, the Bellagio is the classiest place on earth.
5	A few friends and I stayed at the Bellagio for a weekend on our way to Hawaii. I did extensive research before our trip... Being from California I always used to drive to Vegas for the weekend but usually stayed at Circus Circus( a cheap yet comfortable place) This time I decided to  splurge and we booked the Penthouse Suite. It was wonderful! We arrived after a long (delayed) flight. Check in went very smoothly... I do wish that we had booked a fountain /Strip view though. I wrongly assumed that all of the Penthouse suites offered them. That being said, the view of the mountains was very nice as well. Next time! The room was amazing... huge, with his/her bathrooms, great raised bed... basically everything you can think of. Considering the size of the hotel I was expecting service to be slow and impersonal. Just the opposite actually... we were always greeted with a smile, "no problem" to our requests, quick room service( hour) and personable staff.We ate room service three times... dinner on first evening(bad jet lag!), and breakfast on the last day. Quick, efficient and reasonably priced. Yes... the lobby/restaurants/bars/casinos are filled with tourists from other hotels and well as the Bellagio. And what do you expect? It's Vegas! All of the hotels are like that... we visited other hotels as well during our stay. One shouldn't miss having a drink at the Fontana Bar to watch/listen to the fountains. Then we hit the Blackjack tables.We tried the breakfast buff on the second day. We had received "line passes" but when we arrived there was no line and wondered to ourselves why one would need these passes. We found out when we left breakfast and saw that a huge line had built up! The breakfast was astounding... great selection of choices. I ate so much that I was still not hungry at lunch time.They do nickle-and-dime you..., . However, we had no troubles with our mini-bar. I have stayed in hotels with overly sensitive mini-bars and experienced problems. At the Bellagio we used the mini-bar a few times... and wrote down exactly what we took. During the check out, only the items we took were on the bill.Walks within the hotel (point A to point B) were long... you almost always had to walk through the casino (of course). But that just gave you a chance to people-watch in my opinion. The corridors looked long, but we lucked out: our room was just a few feet  or so from the elevators. Tao was ok... great service, but the food was only so-so. I wish we had stayed at one of Bellagio's restaurants. But we wanted to see as much of Vegas as possible during our short stay. Next time...You'll have a great time staying at the Bellagio... as long as you are aware that it is a huge complex, lots of tourists, with resulting lines. But it's Vegas! All in all... loved the Bellagio!
3	My rating is based on the features of the hotel like the lobby,casino,fountain and botanical garden.All were enjoyable, especially the fountains at night with a great show for free. I prefer to stay at MGM or Venetian, but it definitely looks like an amazing place.
5	Good god, y'all!  Where do I even start with this place?  Probably the nicest hotel that has put me up so far.  I knew I was in for a rich (as in, I would soon be poor) experience when I first walked in the door and used the ATM and it spit out only Benjamins.  But if you got to go down, do it in style.  Bellagio's got style in spades.  You know you're in a class joint when even the urinal dividers are solid marble.Those beautiful people chatting in the hall that you can't understand? Yes, they're actually Italian.  And there are a lot of them.  I assume Bellagio doesn't just truck them in for verisimilitude.  They actually fly themselves over from Florence or wherever  to stay in this idealized version of Italy.  In a city, or at least a street, where everything is artifice this is as close to real fakery as you can find.  The thing is, for all the show (my room had marble floors and from the bed I could open the curtains remotely, then stroll over and watch the fountain show) Bellagio doesn't miss the details.  The pretty Italian cafe near the elevators uses both Illy Caffe and Umbria coffee and has outstanding pastries and snacks.  The personnel are without exception professional friendly and helpful.Also, for all this I didn't pay all that much.  True, I was on a conference rate but I heard one of my fellow conference-goers bested that with Expedia.  I just give thanks to all those folks on the gaming floor, subsidizing my stay. I could go on about the spectacular pools, the selection of restaurants and bars, the amazing people watching, but you'll just have to go check it out.  My friend gave me a useful piece of advice: if they offer you a special deal on upgrading, take it.  So do that, have a good time, and try not to lose too many of those Bens.
3	I like th Bellagio, but there's just something wrong with it.  Too many people? The constant tipping? Hard to find a space at the bar?The rooms are great, as is the service, but you'll need to look like money to make the most of it. If you can get a room for a few hundred bucks a night, go for it, but its not worth the $500+ often charged.
4	I've never stayed here but I have gambled here and have admired the Venetian glass in the lobby, the fabulous gardens and the fountain show.  I like it here.  The non-gambling attractions are top-notch and wonderful diversions on the Strip.  This is such a great destination to just visit, even if you are staying elsewhere and are just touring around.  The Bellagio is a must-see, IMO.  As for the casino, I really like the decor.  It is classy and low-key, with its own unique color scheme.  It looks so nice that you might think the tables and dealers would be stuffy but that's not the case at all.  I have spent a lot of time here in the past playing video poker just because it's so darned pleasant.  On my last trip, we found an empty $10 blackjack table and sat down to play.  The dealer was super professional and efficient, yet helpful and very willing to let us use our cheat sheets and discuss whether or not we made the right moves.  We were the only ones at the table for a while so I am sure that made it easier to for him to focus on us, but I was impressed with his demeanor.  I am a pretty good blackjack loser but this time I was focusing on making the right plays and was able to confirm it with the dealer after and it made me feel much more confident.  And, I won!  So, thanks to the Bellagio, I no longer dread playing blackjack - it's pretty darn fun if you know what you're doing!  I will definitely return here to gamble and would actually love to try staying here sometime, too.
4	I've never stayed here but I visit this hotel because of the garden :)
5	Check this out for the garden and for the brunch - best brunch ever! It's worth the wait - trust me. You will be amazed!!!!!
4	I stayed at Bellagio for my 21st birthday weekend! They have a lovely Botanical Garden where they display seasonal exhibits. On my stay it was close to lunar new year so i was able to see their lunar new year exhibit. There was a rat representing the year of the rat! The room itself was pretty spacious with switches by the bed for the curtains scrolls which was awesome. I didn't like my room all that much because my window was not facing the musical fountain show. The service here is def. very friendly and everything in this hotel and casino are kept clean. I have seen their "O" show twice and it is still amazing. I don't think I will be back to the Bellagio the next time I visit because I want to give Wynn or The Venetian a try. Bellagio has been around for a while and some things in the rooms are starting to get old. I would like to give Wynn a try since its pretty new. Overall, I had a great trip.
5	I LOVE this hotelthe decor is awesome(check out the seasonal changing botanical garden), the rooms are very comfortable, p the service, the FOOD is amazing. Oh, and the free drinks you get while at the machine are so delicious as well ( strawberry daiquiris with real strawberries!) Last time I went I dined at Michael Mina and it was devine. I always make it a point to stop and chow down at the buffet before leaving sin city. I actually prefer Bellagio to Steve Wynns namesake hotel, can't wait to go back in July!
5	Bellagio is for the sexy classy people!Whenever I go to Vegas I stay at the Bellagio. The service and casino are top notch. The room service food, even at 3pm, rocks. The lobby is amazing with the venetian blown glass. The conservatory always has the most beautiful flowers. Sensi, Prive, and Prime rock!
5	This is still my favorite hotel in Las Vegas--really beautiful.
2	Meh - This is supposed to be the best?Came to Vegas for a convention and wanted a "treat" after so decided to splurge on the Bellagio after staying 5 days at the Palazzo. My expectations were pretty high given the price, reputation and general reviews. I have to say I was very disappointed - the Palazzo spoiled me and the Bellagio was definitely at least a few steps down. The room is just OK. None of the luxury amenities I came to expect were there - only 1 regular tv (Palazzo had 3 flat screens, the main one had HD); no living room or couch (Palazzo had a nice sunken living room with a sectional); no complimentary robes or slippers (Palazzo, check); no closets - just a large tv/drawer/closet combo (Palazzo had plenty to spare), the bathroom was just ok (Palazzo had a separate toilet area, tv by the bath, vanity area with seating, better toiletries) I can go on and on how the Palazzo was just so much better on EVERY level. My friends and I just couldn't believe how much the Bellagio is riding on reputation alone.The Bellahio casino itself was very busy and crowded with people staying there but also with people who came to see what all the Bellagio fuss was about. I did enjoy the pool (again crowded) and I also enjoyed the food at Fix, yummy gelato and good general snacks all around - I have no complaints about that. But in general I think I would have been better off just staying were I was at the Palazzo, but at least now I know!
2	Meh, Bellagio is decorated so tacky I was thrown off after we walked in.  It was weird after hearing nothing but good things.  We had bitchy hostesses and bartenders everywhere.  What is with the ugly garden area with the giant animals in it!?  I don't get it - we did the walk through and were not impressed.  I hear that if you stay there then that's where they shine, but walking in here definitely did not make me want to come back.  But we'll see just so I can update this review later!
4	If just walking through the lobby was an experience I could only imagine what staying at the Bellagio might be like.  With a simple and easy reservation system and a planned visit to Las Vegas, I finally got my chance.  The room was described as deluxe and was it ever!  Enormous, with two queen beds, a large, well-appointed marble bath, and a fantastic view of the fountains below.  I won't say how much I paid, but it was far less than some pretty ordinary hotels in some pretty ordinary places.  All the staff was professional without being cloying, even with a staggering drunk friend traipsing through the lobby with me at 3 am  -- my one complaint was that our "tower" was so far from the entrance - they couldn't have been nicer.  I liked the fact there was security at the elevator entrances, something I missed at other Las Vegas hotels.  The spa and fitness center is the best I've experienced in Las Vegas, and unfortunately the policy now is that it is reserved for guests only.  I guess too many people caught on to a good thing!  I've stayed at nicer hotels -- the Ritz Carlton in New Orleans comes to mind -- but for a Las Vegas "casino" hotel, the Bellagio can't be beat.
5	What can be said that hasn't already been said over 200 times?We got a great package through one of those un-named interweb sites and found a great deal to stay at the Bellagio.Pools are great. All of them.Had pretty good food at the poolside cafe.Good gelato to munch on by the pool.Spa was amazing.Service? Service was impeccable. Every single worker acknowledged us in one way or another. Huge bathtub and nice shower.  Check in/out lines were long, but the desk people took time to listen to us and take care of our needs. Once you get past the noisy casino, the rooms are nice and quiet and cushy. I loved the indulgence of staying here!
4	We didn't have the pleasure of staying at the Bellagio during our visit but did have the pleasure of strolling through it to check out the hype. Admittedly, the design of the Bellagio is a bit too gaudy and flashy for my minimalist taste but, it IS Vegas folks and everything is OVER THE TOP in Vegas! It definitely has some of my favorite designer shops a la Miucchia Prada as well as Tod's and so I like it already! We checked out the pool area and it seems really tranquil with many separate pools instead of just one central pool area unlike the Mirage where we stayed at. I like that their pool area is broken out to allow some peace and quiet for those wanting some respite from the masses and partying.I love the palazzo design and layout of it as well which is different from the other hotels we explored. It's definitely tasteful and not only looks rich but feels it as well.
4	Yes, yes.  It is beautiful.  Just not as impeccable as I remembered during my last stay.  Rooms are still nice, just showing a little wear and tear.  They need to get some repairs and upgrades going soon if they want to keep their upscale status, in my opinion.Room service dining was far better than I thought it would be.  Order the crab cakes.  Mostly crab, not a lot of cake.I was impressed by the pool.  Beautiful fountains and relatively peaceful.  There weren't a lot of little ones running around with water wings, so that was a-ok with me.  Also, the "hey bro" crowd is minimal.  They are probably all at the Palms, thank god.  There are, however, lots of European folks just letting it all hang out.  Bless 'em.  I mean, even if you are large-and-in-charge, you should still be able to enjoy the sun, right?!  Feeling like you are not quite bikini ready?  Don't.  Plop your ass on a lounge chair next to some large Italian lady.  Trust me.  You will feel svelte.Even if you don't stay here, go admire the glass creations on the ceiling of the lobby.  Absolutely gorgeous.
5	After winning $150 on the penny slots on a Sunday afternoon, I had a surprisingly hard time finding a place to spend half of it on ridiculously overpriced alcohol. But we found it here. They have a great whiskey list (and in fact a great list of anything you might want to drink). But to make me even happier they even had a cigar list. I partook.The service was very professional and friendly. Must revisit!
5	Just returned from a fantastic stay at the Bellagio.  I don't think I'd stay anywhere else (except maybe the Wynn, possibly the Palazzo).The main reason I think I'd only stay there is that I was not once harassed by those pesky timeshare agents.  They pop up like roaches in most of the other hotels and are just as disgusting.  I am on vacation.  No, I do not want to spend 2 hours, let alone 5 minutes dealing with these people.  I encountered them just about everywhere (Caesar's, the Venetian, etc., etc.) except the Wynn.  I feel safe at the Bellagio.  Free from these guys and comfortable enough to wander on my own if the fiance is reluctant to leave the blackjack table.We stayed in the Spa Tower and I am so happy we did!  I love the feeling that the casino is separate enough that I could go from my room to the valet to get the car and not have to pass through the casino.  I love that you can access the pool directly as well.Check-in was smooth; it was about a 20 minute wait at noon.  Happily, our rooms were ready and it only took about 15 minutes for our luggage to follow.  The room was very clean, spacious and comfortable.  Huge bathroom with double sinks was a bonus.  We used one to fill with ice (stay away from the mini-bar!).  Every staff member we encountered was gracious and helpful.We dined at Circo on our first night, which was a fantastic experience.  Fiance's dad scored great seats to Cirque du Soleil's Ka at MGM for the next night.The whole experience was wonderful!  I cannot wait for our next visit!
4	I was just in Vegas for the first time and managed to score a good deal for a few nights at the Bellagio. Before I left, I had mentioned to a few friends that I was staying at the Bellagio and everyone's eyes lit up when they heard Bellagio, and couldn' believe that I was going to stay there. That reaction alone and all the hype around the Bellagio got me really excited. When I got to the Bellagio I first overwhelmed by the amount of people in the lobby alone. It was huge and filled with people, but definately decorated well. The italian blown glass on the ceiling is amazing. We got a room in the spa tower that which was decent. I'm a regular business traveler and have spent way too many nights in hotels so it takes a little more to impress me. But the bed was really comfortable and the bathroom was nice- double sinks, shower and separate tub. The room service is phenomenal. I think I would stay at the Bellagio again just for the room service.haha j/k But it was good. The casino was always crowded to the point that I was annoyed, it was hard to walk from one end to the other because there were so many guests and tourists walking, stopppign and looking at everythign that was going on. Thankfully I managed to find an alternate path through the casino which made getting around easier. The pool was great and also very crowded. We had to walk around quite a bit to find an emply chair. After I found a spot I laid out for a while and then when to dip myself inthe water to cool down. There were a few kids in the pool which was annoying they were jumping aroudn and splashign water, which I wouldn't have minded if I was at a waterpark, but this was an elegant pool with fancy fountains....Overall I liked the Bellagio great location and great hotel, but i think rooms could use a little improvement.
2	Disappointing. My husband and I decided to splurge a little for our first wedding anniversary. When we checked in my husband noticed that the bathtub had hair all over it (gross!). He called housekeeping and asked them to clean it. I did my usual hotel sheets inspection and found that they were stained. My pillowcase also looked like it had a big old red punch stain. We called front desk and they sent someone to change the sheets. We left and came back later only to find the sheets were even dirtier than the previous ones! It was the flat sheet that mostly and I slept without a blanket the first night because I refused to touch the dirty sheets. We called front desk again and this time they told us to wait for the housekeeping supervisor. We were on our way out but decided to wait. After 20 minutes, we called front desk again and asked if we were indeed supposed to wait. The rude front desk person told us yes and we shouldn't expect her to come immediately but told us she'll page her anyways. WTF? The housekeeping supervisor came and was very nice and apologetic. She told us she was going to have the person working on our room to check the sheets before giving them to us. We came back later that night and guess what? The sheets were changed but still dirty! Once again, I didn't use the blanket. In fact, I didn't use a blanket for my entire 3 night stay. All the stains were huge and gross but they looked old. Come on, buy new sheets if you can't get the stains out! Note that we didn't yell or demand anything from anybody but was very nice and said thank you to everyone. We didn't even complain about the bathtub, we just asked them to come up and clean it. Everyone was nice except for that one front desk person.  They did give us a $50 food credit so I give one star for that and one star for Bellagio's big bathroom and room. Thanks, Bellagio for a memorable 1st year anniversary.
5	Beautiful!  This hotel is well known for it's dancing water. The architecture inside is outstanding.
4	I'd love to give this, my favorite hotel in Vegas, 5 stars.  Because the food options are limited to very high-end restaurants, it is lacking for me.  I love high-end restaurants, don't get me wrong, but in a property this size, there needs to be a quick, easy and inexpensive option, at least one!  Aside from that very small thing, this is without a doubt my favorite.  From the moment you enter the lobby and see the beautiful blown-glass ceiling, you're just entranced.  The place smells like it looks!  Floral and beautiful.  The rooms are beautiful, we've stayed in the Spa Tower and also in the main hotel.  Both types of rooms are amazing.  I would choose the main wing, and request a room that overlooks the fountains, because the music is also available on your TV and you can lie in bed, watch the fountains and listen to the music.  Very relaxing.  The linens are top-notch as are the beds.  The bathrooms - lovely.  Big, with a separate glass shower and a great array of high-end toiletries.  Towels are big and fluffy.  Service, from front desk to housekeeping to valet to bell desk to casino employees, is stellar.  I have not had a need or want that was not attended to immediately. The pool area is also wonderful.  Several pools, all at different temperatures, with great and abundant lounge chairs and attentive poolside cocktail servers. Love this place!  But, as usual, I must say it.  It would be a perfect hotel experience if PEOPLE WOULD LEAVE THEIR CHILDREN AT HOME.  They may be welcome at Circus-Circus, but they are a true annoyance at a property like Bellagio.  And again, I have and love children, they just DON'T HAVE ANY BUSINESS IN SIN CITY.
4	i always have a good time here.  a nice layout from resturants to game playing.  service has always been great, lively crowd, you can actually win here.  the J.P. patissere will serious do in your dieting endeavors.  hit the spa/work-out facility.  very very nice set up.rooms are well laid out, mattress is still enough.  The buffet is well worth it.  the superbowl party there was the best tail gate party ever.
3	Who doesn't like the Bellagio right?  Well, it's crazy busy and I seem like just a number.  Although I know they have so many guests to take care of, I felt robbed by paying that much to stay there.  The lady at the check-in desk didn't seem to care if we stayed there or not.  Everything is clean, I'll give them that.  Parking is so bad!  I couldn't even find the entrance to the place.  I finally gave up and let them valet it.  I think that was the purpose.  Anyhow, I can't believe they didn't offer free wi-fi.  Cheaper places I've stayed at offered free wireless.  They even charge $15 for a network cord!  Crazy!  I didn't buy it though.  I found a cheaper rate on a Vegas.com, a wirelses service in the area.  We stayed a second night at another hotel off the strip.  It was so much cheaper and the customer service was way better.  Plus, they had a cord for Internet connectivity and it was cheaper than Bellagio.
5	This review is for two things: the phenomenal water show that was brilliant during the day (can't even imagine how lovely it is during the night with the lights) and the lobby, stunning with Chihuly glass flowers on the ceiling, beautiful flowers all over, and a mini botanical garden.The staff there work very hard to keep their hotel impeccably clean and beautiful.  I thought the MGM lobby was nice, but this place was a whole different ballpark.  If you can afford to stay here, I imagine it would be superb.
4	Bellagio is definitely a great choice for a stay in Vegas. Classy, spacious rooms, great shops and services.But why do all the pools have to be only 3 feet deep? That really irks me.
5	Back for another stay - still top notch.The colors have changed a bit.  They've toned down the brighter reds, yellows and oranges for slightly darker hues.  My opinion, I liked it more before.Five stars to our slot host who comped our entire trip!  Unexpected, but very appreciated.  Food, room and show tix.  Love it.Star sighting for this trip...  Antoine Walker of the Minnesota Timberwolves (basketball) running down the hallway as we were leaving today.
3	The Bellagio is cool. nice rooms, roomy bathroom too. The only drawback is that the rooms are about the same size as any other 3 star hotel in vegas. if you're gonna stay her, get a room with a view of the water show. thats probably the best they have to offer for a standard room. I still have yet to check out a suite here, so stay posted.
5	The Bellagio is by far my favorite choice of hotels in Vegas. The rooms are elegant and I like how the hotel is close to many shops. The water show is a must-see, of course. They have nice restrooms and everything in there is pretty clean.
5	love this place first time staying at the bellagio great room floor 33 got to love that man good view from the big a$$ windows! highly highly recommended ! A++++
3	This place was classy, probably the classiest place to put yourself in complete and utter financial ruin. My friends and I? Not so classy. After driving from New York to Vegas in a 1995 Ford Taurus with no air conditioning and no showers, we were bound to be a bit...sketchy.And smelly.We looked like vagabond derelicts who did not belong in the Bellagio. But I insisted. After seeing Ocean's 11, how could one NOT gamble a bit here? Due to our appearance, we were treated quite poorly by the staff. Waitresses would ignore us as we gambled at the slots or even at the tables. My friend lost all the money he brought on the trip and I ended ahead at the end of the night. But sober. Quite disappointing. Perhaps I'm a bit too into the run down for the Bellagio to ever give me the time of day, but one day...when I own a decent pair of shoes and a nice shirt, MAYBE ON THAT DAY, I will be able to get a drink from a wandering waitress.
5	Bellagio is one of the most beautiful hotels on the Las Vegas strip, and it offers some of the best service as well.The casino are is gorgeous, the pool is gorgeous, the women are gorgeous, and everything is just gorgeous.The hotel room is nice as well, and whether you have a fountain view or a view of the pool, it's all good, because both views are great. I spent a beautiful 3 days by the pool and got a nice tan.
5	AMAZING!!!!!! Buffet omg, I wasn't sure what to expect for food when entering the Bellagio buffet. As soon as I walked in i seen a HUGE sushi bar, so many kinds of sea food, salads meats, I tried venecin which is deer and it was very good. I filled my plate like 4 times. then went to the HUGE dessert bar which was omg AMAZING  as well. It is definitely a must to go to when your there... It's worth every bite!! enjoy
4	Hmm...I'm surprised by all the five star reviews. I feel like people are reviewing the buffet and not the actual hotel and its amenities. Environment:Amazing from the outside. It's known for the huge fountain and its nightly shows with music and coordinated water works. The lobby has a grand entrance with a beautifully decorated ceiling and the garden past the lobby lines. The Bellagio is beautiful and gets five stars on the decoration and interior. - As a guest, I had to check in at the front, walk all the way through the casino (of course) and then to the guest elevators. The guest elevators are right next to the buffet which means traffic jam! Conveniently, there is a lobby store across from the guest elevators that has everything from drinks to Bellagio robes for purchase. The guest elevators are also conveniently placed close to the back of the hotel and the pool. - The pools (are there four?) are spread out and so are patio chairs for lounging, but when I went there were only a few chairs available out of thousands and I went on a Thursday! I can't imagine how packed the pool area is on weekends. I wanted to get a drink but the cocktail waitress never came around so my bf went to the bar and spent $30 on two margaritas. Yikes. Anyway, if you use the pool, be sure to get comfy with those around you because it's a tight squeeze. - Cafe Gelato sells gelato obviously and the sorbetto is great too. - Cafe Bellagio is next to the garden and the food is decent (that's another review). The only thing I didn't care for was the location of the cafe. It's relatively far from the guest elevators; I guess the floor plan designers wanted guests to eat at the buffet more so than the cafe. Shrug. When I'm on vacation, there's nothing better than rolling out of bed and going to grab a quick breakfast at the hotel's cafe before hitting the pool - I just have to walk a bit further when staying at the Bellagio. - The room is nice; the bathroom is the best part with a tub as well as a shower. The shower head is a rainfall shower head which was nice. The bed was not soft and the pillows were hard as rocks! I guess not many people sleep in Vegas so beds were not a priority. - Gambling at the Bellagio - don't do it. I have never won, minimum bets are high, and you could probably make your money last longer at another casino (like Planet Hollywood across the street!)Service:I was disappointed in the service. The front desk was polite and friendly, but it was downhill from there. The lobby store cashier miscounted my change and then made me wait for her to open the drawer while she filled out paperwork for her manager. The cocktail waitress at the pool was nowhere to be found. The buffet staff was subpar (please refer to my review of the Bellagio buffet) and the cafe staff was dull (to be reviewed soon). Don't these people smile? WHY SO SERIOUSSSS?
5	favorite hotel yet. when im in vegas i barely spend anytime in the hotel room, so i sometimes feel guilty about paying so much for a room i will barely see. but the bellagio is special. i cant get enough of the fountain or the conservatory, as touristy as that may sound. plus its in a prime location on the strip, in my opinion. Also, its classy. not to sound pretentious, but gambling def has an ugly side and that seems to comes out a lot more if you happen to be staying in hooters or whatnot.
5	Wow!  What a great place to stay.  This was my second time staying at the Bellagio, and I enjoyed myself more than the first time.  The location (mid-strip) is superb, and since it was so hot outside, it was nice to have so much to do without having to walk too far out in the desert heat.  The hotel is just beautiful. The room was comfortable, and housekeeping was friendly and professional.  We stayed in the Spa Tower, so while it was a ways from the casino, we were closer to the conservatory and pool.  The elevator there takes you poolside!Cafe Gelato, Jean Phillippe, and the Buffet were definite pluses.  The unfotunate minus would have to be Palio; the employees there were borderline rude, messed up my order once and overcharged me another time.  Good thing Cafe Gelato is right across the way, and sells some of the same pastries and yogurt parfait (YUM!) since I had it for breakfast every morning I was there.I did notice that Bellagio had the most foreign visitors of the hotels I visited on the trip, but this is probably due to the flagging dollar.  It's definitely the place to be for people watching, and it was interesting to hear all the different languages and accents being spoken.
4	Stayed mid-week for a pretty reasonable price ($110 a night) -- had a standard room with no view, but enjoyed it.  The interior of the room was well designed, the maid service was good.  Having stayed at a real 5 star hotel where you don't have to tip obscenely for exceptional service, I can't give this 5 stars.  But all the same, we really enjoyed it and thought it was beautiful, fun and a classic Vegas experience!
5	I have been here many times and this place is great!  The ambiance is rich, but not uncomfortable and the service is always top notch no matter where you go.  I stayed at the Venetian and other hotels and always feel like I am at an amusement park, but the Bellagio is classy and doesn't need to do all that crap.  Had a wonderful room overlooking the fountains, the Cafe was excellent, and Diane Diaz in the Fontana room had my guests entertained.  Will definately come back!
5	this review is directly based on the outdoor fountain show.I was in a car when the show started. Loud music and a lot of lightworks that match with the pulsating pumps that was carefully arranged to create a beautiful water show. this show is one of the best shows when compared to other outdoor free shows in Vegas. @ the mirage you see the volcano which was boring and lame. The treasure island had their crazy pirate show which could barely be put on the same comparison chart. the outdoor show is definitely worth the time to watch when your walking in the 100F night weather in Vegas.
5	My favorite place to throw money away. They often have $5 blackjack and, most importantly, they bring the drinks more frequently than any other casino on the strip. The craps tables are very lively and the place is very classy. If I wanted some place where "the locals gamble" where it smells like that casino smell, I would go to some random river boat casino. The Bellagio is why it's worth the trip to Las Vegas.
4	Aaaaahhhh...the Bellagio.  It's not what it used to be.  I somehow feel the gild is off the lily to a certain extent.  I really find that the Wynn causes the Bellagio to pal a bit in comparison, both in the rooms and in the main casino.  Of course, the Bellagio is still a cut above other 3 star properties and it is great to stay there anytime.  Room service was awesome this trip, and so was the entire experience.  But it is just not up to the same level as the Wynn, which is now the gold standard, in my mind.  I shockingly found the clientele (or maybe these were just the lookie-loos) to be very low brow.  Lots of fanny packs and cut offs.  Back in the day when Bellagio first opened, no one went in without being dressed nicely and they were rather rigid about allowing kids on the property.  There has been a lot of backsliding.  However, as always, I thoroughly enjoyed the garden show.  This year's fall show was so outstanding it might have eclipsed any shows I have seen in the past. See my blog.Nice visit, but not going to be a regular diet.
3	over rated.  totally.  the hotel's unique floral arrangement area and water show are cool, but that's about it.  the rooms are up to par compared to other "name brand" hotels on the las vegas strip.  the gym is really nice, but $25?  come on.  unnecessary.  it should be included considering the $399/night room chargesummary: nice to walk by and see the interior, but stay somewhere else...like the palazzo or wynn :)
5	Bellagio is my home away from home.  Whenever I am not swearing off gambling forever or swearing after gambling and losing, you will find me right here, in the Bellagio poker room.  I've been known to come here 10-12 times a year.  After all, Las Vegas is only 90 minutes from San Francisco by plane.  I know the people who work at the Bellagio, and people who work here know me.  I know the locals who play here, and they think I am a local, too.  I know which seats at the poker tables are best for people watching and which are best for TV watching.  Monica, Phoebe and Rachel had Central Perk, Norm had Cheers and I have Bellagio.It's not the best poker room in the world, but probably the most famous one.  Over the years I've seen dozens of celebrities play here: Celine Dion, Brad Garrett, Nelly and Orel Herschiser, just to name a few.  You will see the new American idols here, i.e., poker superstars.  All of them play here.  There's always a mid-level limit game going on, unlike the Venetian or the Wynn poker rooms, for example.  More importantly, the poker room managers are fair and quick on their feet, so all disputes are resolved swiftly.Sure, the poker room feels like an Indonesian sweatshop sometimes: the tables are too close to one another and people sitting at the tables look exhausted.  You will probably have to put your name on the list and wait, especially on evening and on weekends.  Your chair WILL get bumped multiple times by a fat guy who's too lazy to walk around your table.  Still, it's the best damn place to play poker in Vegas.The fountains, the conservatory of flowers, the extravagant foyer - all those things are awesome, too, but they wouldn't keep me coming back every month.  The poker room does, time and time again.See you at the tables!
5	Very great breakfast buffet we did come just in time to sample the breakfast right before the dinner switch and they had some of the best eggs benedict i have ever had in my life hahaha. Really great prime rib and they had a great selection of seafood. The fish was well seasoned and very moist and flavorful
4	It isn't the Venetian/Palazzo, the Wynn, or Caesars.....but it is pretty damned spectacular.  The glass in the lobby, the fantastic gardens, the wonderful Le Cirque and Jean Philippe, and those lovely fountains......wow.Points off for the lame sportsbook, the heinous Sensi, and the limited shopping.
5	I just went here for the first time, got a suite and was blown away by the decor, the view and the service. This is by far one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. I usually try to pick a different hotel when I go to Vegas - but this time the company I was freelancing from paid - WOW~!The room service was quick and the meals were great - exactly how I ordered. The coffee was not as strong as I would have like - but I'm a little picky about those things - :o)I can't wait to go back and see "O"!
5	Who can forget Oceans Eleven and the beauty of the Bellagio? The gorgeous dancing fountains, the magnificent gardens, the glass ceiling, the amazing shopping, the friendly staff, and the breathtaking decor.Love, love, love! Apart from the Venetian, this may be one of the most romantic hotels on the strip. Perfect for couples, and pretty good for large groups as well. But if I was in a large group, I probably wouldn't want to stay here because of the intimate aura and atmosphere of the place. ps. There is also some great little restaurants to tickle your fancy (just don't forget to leave an arm and a leg to take care of your bill).
5	We stayed at the Bellagio for my first trip to Vegas. Why would you stay anywhere else? High quality, great rooms, fantastic service. The mirrored chocolate waterfall in the mirrored case is very original. Centrally located to the strip. The water fountains outside are the highlight of the experience and something that you cannot miss. If you're going to Vegas, book at the Bellagio.
5	Veggie D Lit e. and I stayed here and I would DEFINITELY stay again! I have stayed @ The more 'tacky' hotels (not the really bad ones!) Like New York New York, The Paris, and Caesars and I think this and the Venetian and the Wynn are my favorites to stay in because they dont over do it! I know vegas is about being gawdy and loud and thats all well and good I enjoy that too but when your getting home after a long day and night of gambling,dancing and drinking and you have no idea what time it is I need beauty and simplicity and Bellagio offers just that. It's a classy hotel. Chihuly adorned cieling in the main lobby, a beautiful indoor garden, and they are highly accomodating. We got an upgrade to see the fountains and had a pretty nice room! Jean-Phillipe Patisserie is utterly scrumptious. It's nice to wake up in the morning and go down stairs and get a crepe or pastry of some sort with such caliber! And the pools OH MY GOSH SO AWESOME! Definitely check it out!
5	Gamble here but have not stayed here yet. But with our friends that had their rooms this is their favortie place to stay in Vegas. I really liked hanging out here too. The whole feelling of Ocean's Eleven and everyone here is definitely not Ghetto. My amn said that we would try this place next time. Can't wait!!!!!
4	me & my gurls stayed here for 2 nights..service and location was great! our room was very dark for sum reason...even wit all da lights on. there seem to be mostly older people staying der..elevator was fast...i wouldn't mind staying here again.
5	Romance equals delicious Italian gelato for two whilst Andrea Bocelli's Con te Partiro plays in sync with the elaborate water fountain show in the background. Magical!Simply walking through the lobby is impressive enough.
4	very nice hotel. very high price tag. i was totally satisfied with everything. extremely friendly and helpful staff...  clean, modern rooms..... the ultimate in luxury in vegas. however, i thought the images on the website were waaaaaaay nicer than the actual room. i thought ours was a little smaller and had less...... ambiance then the ones on the site did. also, it seemed like every single lampshade in our room was crooked. i mean, i straightened them out but... i thought staying here was so expensive because of the ever present attention to detail.. right? that said, i was still pleased with the whole stay. the room service was great, the spa was amazing and the casino is luxe!!oh, but i saw an employee being very rude to a guest. the guest asked an employee where something was (the pool or the restaurant or something) and the employee was like "uhh, theres a sign right there sir. you need to keep your eyes open or youll always be asking people where you are all the time" or something. rude!!!
5	I did not stay this hotel, however I am a BIG BIG fan of their buffet. I would say this.. their buffet is probably one of the best buffet I ever reviewed. There are plenty of buffets in vegas. in fact every hotel/casino has buffet restaurant. Just want to say don't miss out Bellagio's buffet. you don't have to stay there to enjoy their buffet. MUST TRY...
5	Dear Bellagio;How do I love thee?  Let me count the ways:1.  World class dining2. High end shopping3. Seasonal decor (check out how they modify the atrium for fall)4. Beautiful rooms (especially those with a view!)5. Fountains6. Pools (that's right.  plural.)7. Bellagio cocktail8. Friendly black jack dealers9. Timely and delicious room service dining10. Meticulous attention to detail throughout the propertyI could go on and on, Bellagio.  Please marry me.  I hear there's even a wedding chapel onsite for us to declare our love.
5	Love this hotel.. We stayed here in October for 4 nights.. we stayed in one of the suites in the newer tower. Our room was amazing!! We ordered room service atleast once a day and we ended up figuring out the room service was better then the some of the restaurants in Vegas.The pool was OK.. if your looking for a fun pool with music and young people.. this isnt the pool to go to..  but overall the hotel is awesome!
4	This place is pretty damn sweet.   The hotel is located mid-strip -- PRIME location!  And it seriously screams high-roller right when you step foot into the lobby.  The Italian blown-glass art is gorgeous, the atrium is always something to look forward to, and the fountain show is a must-see.Although we got a regular room, it wasn't cramped and the bathroom was immaculate with both a shower and a separate tub.  The place is extremely clean and well-maintained, and the beds were pretty comfortable.I really liked the layout of the casino and sports book -- it was easy to navigate and you're not forced to walk through in-between tables, as there are plenty of wide walkways throughout.  There is a variety of dining options, with both cafes to grab a quick bite or sit down at some of their finer restaurants.  (However, I can't really rave about the Circo restaurant in the hotel.  I ordered a fish that arrived extremely dry -- plus tiny to boot! --  and definitely not worth the ~$45.)  Their brunch buffet definitely could not compare to the brunch at the Wynn.  But I have yet to try their dinner buffet...so we'll see about that one.Overall, I feel that you can get better service, amenities, and food for the same cost (this place is ~$250/ni on the weekends) elsewhere!
4	The Bellagio Pool Cafe is delicious but expensive... under a nice covered area, you can enjoy a wide variety of lunch options in your swimsuit and towel. By the time we sat down around 2:30 pm, I was starving so I ended up sampling everyone else's food in addition to my own.I had the teriyaki chicken lettuce wraps ($12.50) that came with cold noodles, pickled, veggies, and hoisen sauce. They were really yummy and a good amount of food. My uncle enjoyed the Cobb salad (about $14) that included fresh tomatoes (red and yellow), delicious avocado, etc. My brother and dad shared a tuna sandwich and a turkey sandwich with fries and cole slaw. Everyone appreciated their lunch selections and left the Cafe satisfied and happy.
4	Ah the Beeelllllllaaaagggiiiioooo. Stayed her last weekend for my birthday and was overall very impressed. The service is above and beyond any of the other hotels that I've stayed at on the Strip!!! Everything from the front desk to room service - it rocked!!!Walking in you're greeted by a celling of more Chihuly's than you can imagine.....seriously I could have stayed there for a few hours admiring but it's Vegas and drinks were to be had and debauchery to be gotten into. Our room had absolutely stunning view of the pools, yes there are several along with hot tubs and cabanas galore! The beds were super comfy and 5 of us could fit into the bathtub (random but it proved to be a super spot for pics)!My only two complaints were the pool drink service was horrid, we were pool side for about 5 hours and were asked only once for drinks, given we could go up and order but when you're on vacation it's nice to be waited on ;-) My other complaint was the cost of things room service and the ATM's were more expensive than other spots on the strip but I suppose you pay for what you get. I know one thing's for sure next time I go back it will be hard to settle for anything less than the Bellagio!
3	What more could you want spending an afternoon at the Bellagio pool with the girls? A strawberry daiquiri! It took 30 minutes to find one of the waitresses, and about another 30 minutes for our order to show up. Once it was there though, it was one of the best daiquiri's I'd ever had! An hour is by far the longest I've ever waited for a drink, but it was almost worth it!
4	Surprisingly this spot did the trick for my creeping hangover after an all too long night of pretending to be rock star!!! They don't deliver but you can do take out so that you can enjoy your meal poolside!I'd highly recommend the chicken sandwich. It's ginormous so share it with a friend or two! It also includes chips and pickles. The staff were super friendly even offering complimentary coffee to go (I can only imagine what I must have looked like to warrant this offer but anyhoo). Everything tasted fresh and was prepared in a timely manner. If want a meal that you can eat while sitting by one of the many pools at the Bellagio then I'd definitely recommend!
4	You know it was a proper trip to Vegas when you have a run in with the Bellagio security! After a night out at Tryst, one of our party had a lil slip-fall right into one of the rose gardens at the Bellagio Gardens. Serious whoopse. We helped her up, helped her straighten herself out, and figured that was the end of that. Security came right over, made sure that we were ok and that no one had pushed her in. Best of all, they brought Band Aids over to the Bellagio Cafe where we were eating when we needed them! Thanks guys!
4	Yum! After a couple of hours in the sun by the pool, I seriously needed something else besides my Strawberry Daiquiri to keep my tummy from rumbling. Luckily, Bellagio Pool Cafe was there! I scarfed down the enormous Turkey Avocado Burger and polished off all the fries as well. Delicious and filling! They don't deliver to your pool chair, but they are very speedy and the staff is very friendly. I'd order it again, even though it was a bit pricey.
5	The Bellagio presents the beautiful juxtaposition of relaxation and wild Vegas antics...LOCATION: Great! Centrally located on the Strip next to Caeser's Palace and across from Planet HollywoodPRICE: Reasonable if your uncle can hook you up with the gamblers' casino ratesROOM: Very comfy beds (though don't expect to get much sleep!), luxurious bathroom, dark curtains to make your room dark at whatever hours you please... FOOD: Only tried the lower-end restaurants (Noodles, Bellagio Pool Cafe, and Bellagio Cafe), a bit expensive but pretty yummy! They also have a Michael Minna, Sensi, steak house, etc... POOLS: Amazing! Lots of pools and hot tubs to fit all your relaxing-and-recovering-from-my-hangover needs... nice towels, nice chairs, and super atmosphereCASINO: Nice dealers though Lady Luck was not on our side. Good free drinks at the tables while you gamble though somewhat slow drink serviceCLUBS: Actually went elsewhere for our clubbing experiences but heard the Bank was a hit although the boys said they "dropped off all our money at the Bank"VIP SUITE: Fantastic! Wine, huge chocolate covered strawberries, tangerines, water bottles, fresh cookies, cocktails, etc all day. We never made it to breakfast but I heard the muffins were good too...SHOPS: Didn't  make it to the shops with all the other Vegas excitementDECOR: Beautiful! Great glass decorations, flower arrangements, Thanksgiving display, etc!WATER SHOW: So cool though I embarrassingly didn't actually catch the show this trip...
5	Two words: LAKEVIEW SUITE!!It was AMAZING!!! Where else will you find two plasmas in your bathroom?? The suite was sooo spacious and beautifully decorated. The view is simply PRICELESS. We had a center view of the fountain show and the strip. Our TV played music that was synchronized with the fountain show and allowed us to watch the show minus the noise and crowds  =) It was fabulous!!We were comp'd bellagio buffet passes and got to skip the line and walk right in!! Although after having tried it I think I would wait in that long line even if I wasn't given a vip pass. It's the best buffet on the strip! It even tops some of the "5 star" restaurants we visited. I couldn't stop eating the creme brulee!! It makes me want to fly back there just thinking about it. =) This is the perfect hotel for a couples retreat. (It made our "nice" suite at the Venetian look like a cheap motel room.)Service was top notch here from the moment we checked in until the end of our stay. Our stay here was nothing short of PERFECT and I can't wait to go back again. =)
3	It's been awhile since i've stayed here.  Only stay if the rooms are free.Given the thanksgiving weekend, the place was packed.  The rooms are nice but need a little updating - where the hell is/are  the flat screen tv's ?!?!  And a major ding - you got the nice bath tub yet no bath oil / bubble bath ?!?!  WTF !
5	Very crowded hotel, but who can blame them for having such wonderful decor and unique pieces of art all around the hotel.  My family and I stayed here for two nights and we were impressed by the hotel suites.  The beds were wonderful and they had AUTOMATIC CURTAINS!  The bathrooms contained a shower and a bathtub with a very elegant sink and large mirror.  The maids cleaned up multiple times a day which was a nice plus too.  They have a high end shopping mall that consist of your major designer brands, a top notch buffet (which I did not get to try out :[), and a really cool pastry shop that has the world's largest chocolate fountain by volume!Pretty amazing place to stay!
3	The Bellagio is the first mega-resort that I remember, with all the artwork and the upscale mall and whatnot.  Throw in the fountains and you have a true resort, as opposed to a sprawling property, like Caesar's.  I can't speak to the rooms, as I've never stayed, but the sheer elegance of the property is impressive.  Even now, as long as it's been since it was built, it still looks nice.
4	The Bellagio is a beautiful, awe-inspiring hotel and casino.  Just walking through it makes you feel good.  Everytime I've been there, particularly in the evenings, it was very crowded and difficult to keep from bumping into people or running over them (or vice versa).  The fountain show is spectacular, and the buffet is probably the best I've had.  Table limits are usually too high for this budget traveler, but I usually drop a few bills in the slots while there.  Don't think I've ever had a substantial win though.  The valets are super-friendly and professsional, as were all the employees I transacted business with.  Wish I could afford to stay here and be pampered like the rich and famous but, alas, I don't think that's on the horizon for me !
4	I stayed at the Bellagio from Nov. 28th to Dec. 3rd, 2008.  Check-in was a bit slow, as a lot of people were checking out at the same time... but we got a room right away (around 12:30 pm) and didn't have to wait until 3.We got a great price on our room through Southwest Vacations/LasVegas.com - about $149 a night.  If you go on the Bellagio's website to their prices, scroll all the way to the bottom for their internet promotions - they're a lot cheaper than their regular rates.The room itself was gorgeous.  We were put in the Spa Tower on the 9th floor (a handicap room).  The door had a mind of its own and wouldn't always open with the key - even the maid commented on it.  But other than that it was beautiful.  Automatic curtains were really neat, and we had an amazing view of the Strip.  We could see the higher parts of the fountain show and listen to the music on their fountain channel on the TV.  We also had a great view of the top of the parking garage :)  But it was much better than the view on the other side of the building, which was of I-15.  The bathroom was beautiful and very spacious. Just a shower - no bathtub. The toilet's handle, however, was on the right hand side instead of the left, so we kept reaching for the wrong side the whole time we were there!The food was very good here - we only ate at Cafe Bellagio and at the Jean Phillipe Patisserie.  Cafe Bellagio had AMAZING french onion soup, and the best club sandwich I've ever had.  The french fries are better than the homemade chips.  Be sure to ask the waiter for breadsticks - they're free, but they won't bring them unless you ask. The Patisserie had a delicious strawberry almond tart, as well as chocolate and coconut covered strawberries that perfectly complemented our champagne that we brought along.  The Bellagio's casino is my favorite casino on the Strip, even if I only lost money here.  The waitresses were rather quick with the drinks in the slots area, which was nice.  I didn't play any table games here though... just keno in the cafe, slots in the casino, and (with my dad) betting on football games... all of which we lost :)Parking was fair - we had a handicapped permit so we usually didn't have too much trouble finding a space.  If you're going to the self-park section, skip the lower levels and go straight to the top level - it's less crowded than the lower ones. The fountain, of course, was amazing.  My mom (who was the one in the wheelchair) was content to watch from our hotel room, but I preferred being downstairs, especially because you couldn't see the lower parts of the fountain from our room.  Be careful if it's windy - I found out the hard way :)The decor in the Bellagio was, of course, lovely.  My favorite part is the lobby with the Chihuly flowers on the ceiling.  The conservatory had a fall/Thanksgiving theme when we arrived, then soon after they closed it to change to a winter/Christmas theme.  Unfortunately it wasn't done by the time we left, but I liked how we saw them put it together, and they had the designer's drawings on display so you could see what it was going to look like.There were two downsides to our stay at the Bellagio.  First, it was extremely crowded at all times.  I know people want to see the place, but it felt a bit claustrophobic.  It was also very annoying when I was trying to push my mom around in the wheelchair and people would walk right in front of us, or stop in their tracks for no reason.  Many people also wouldn't let us through the handicapped door to the parking garage because they wanted to make it through before us.  I didn't manage to hit anybody, but we had a few close calls because people can be stupid like that.  But others made up for it by opening doors that weren't automatic for us, which was very nice.  Second downside was that I believe someone at the bell desk dropped my suitcase and broke the retractable handle, making it stuck in the down position.  I know the suitcase worked right up until we got to the hotel, because I used the handle with no problem.  Now it's dented, with no handle, which renders it pretty much useless.  I called the bell desk to ask them about it, and they told me they couldn't do anything because it takes 24-36 hours to repair a suitcase, and I should've told them sooner.  I didn't realize this had happened until our last day when I had packed up and couldn't get the handle free - I had no reason to move my suitcase once the bell man brought it in the room.  They transferred me to security and someone was going to help me file a claim for it, but the lady said she would call me back and never did.  It annoyed me (mainly because I nearly killed myself lugging the useless suitcase through the airport without the handle), but the situation isn't a dealbreaker on whether or not I'd come back again.  I would... I would just bring my suitcase up myself.
4	I dunno... saw one of the best shows of my life there.  It is big.  It has trees inside.  It has Chihuly... minus two.  I don't know, though.  I just don't like it.  The floor is a wreck of different ideas running into each other like trains.  I am sure it serves its purpose.As a guest, you can hardly move through the lobby... the place is treated like Disneyland, and the lobby and casino and floors are filled by gawkers without any semblance of predictability as to their exhausted stupour filled stagger.But "O"!"O"!Wow.
3	We finally booked at Bellagio since they had a promotion of buying two nights and getting the third night free. This was our first time staying at this "HIGH CLASS" establishment and honestly, I don't think I will stay here again. I mean the room is nice but nothing too special. I think you can stay at any of the nicer hotels on the Strip with comparable room decor that is more afforable. The price is pretty high up there so I thought it would be a little more special compare to the other hotels but it is just the same. The service is not any friendlier, as a matter of fact, there was no service at all. People seemed grumpy during this past weekend we were there.When we checked in, the guy at the desk hardly even smile and when we asked about the gym ,etc, it was so monotone. He wouldn't work with us with even giving us a 2 for 1 at the spa. Once again, nothing special at all at this hotel with the price you pay.
2	I WAS really stoked to go stay at the Bellagio!Christmas Day my fam and I fly in and get this amazing cab chick from Bulgaria who navigates the most awful Vegas traffic I've ever sat in (she totally rocked!). We arrive at the reception desk, the lobby is super crowded, but the Christmas decorations are all out and looking beautiful.We wait at the desk for a while. There's no obvious line or an employee directing people. Once we made it to a receptionist, we were told that we could not have a 2-bed room as we had reserved OVER THE PHONE, through the Bellagio. And this was at 2pm, not 9 at night. No apologies, no rate adjustments, nothing. (see my review on the Pan Pacific, Seattle for how this could have been handled)Strike one. We make our way through herds of people standing around gawking, randomly stopping traffic flow and being general pains. We get to the room and it smells like a cat pissed in there. I'm serious. Now I've been to Vegas about once a year for the past 15 years and I've never had a hotel room that smelled like cat pee. (Oh wait, did anyone see that CSI episode......?)Strike two.We settle in and I zip down the hall to hit up the vending machine (it's almost worth adding another star just for having vending machines since so few hotels have them now!) and get back to my room and I'm locked out. My key stopped working. And no, I didn't have it near my phone or anything magnetic. And when I took it to the front desk, was there any sympathy or apology? Nope.Strike three.Then the bathroom sink started gurgling. I finally figured out that the noise happened any time our next door neighbors ran their water so luckily it wasn't non-stop, but really? You could hear it even with the bathroom door closed.Strike four.Where the hell was my 5 Diamond service? Where was my 5 Diamond room?? Shouldn't the "cheaper" rooms still be awesome?And all of this was within the first night. I'm not going to bother dissecting the rest of the stay (read my review on the Spa if you'd like) other than mentioning that we had a non-smoking room that smelled VERY strongly of smoke starting the second day (I preferred the smell of cat piss, I think) which I'm guessing is the result of an overworked ventilation system. I've never seen Vegas this crowded, even in the summer, and the casino floor was choked with people and cigarette/cigar smoke. I've generally found that the up-scale hotels do a pretty good job of clearing the air so was surprised our room was so bad. Anyway, let's just say that for my money, I will be staying at the VENETIAN from now on (been there twice and LOVED it!!).On the positive side, I would like to mention:1. The bathroom was really nice (other than the gurgling) with a HUGE tub2. The pool was beautiful (too cold to try out this time), though I find it oddly placed near the hotel's largest restaurant3. The hotel staff by our room - housekeeping and room service - were amazing!The only reliably phenomenal thing Bellagio has going: "O". YOU MUST SEE IT!
2	This review is for my mom...My hardworking mother who totally deserved a vacation and was so unhappy with the service given at Bellagio.My mom and her bf received a promotion in the mail for 2 complimentary nights and 2 complimentary O Show tickets. I was happy for her bc she was soo excited...she hasn't taken a vacation for about 8 years. First off, they wouldn't let her book the O tickets ahead of time...so the first thing she did when she arrived was go to the box office. They asked her which seat do you want (this one, or this one) and she picks one, and says her boyfriend can have the other one. However they would not give her bf the other seat and said it was sold out! So she watched the show alone, and her boyfriend didn't get to watch it at all. He's like my dad and we all don't like it when our parents get treated poorly do we!!At checkout, they charged her 180 dollars for her O ticket. They didn't believe her when she said it was supposed to be complimentary. Luckily, my smart mother brought the flyer with her. After them making a few stupid phone calls, they took it off the bill. I've already planned my Vegas vacation for January and I've already reserved at the Bellagio. I got a good deal on the room prices, so I don't want to deal with switching hotels. I'll change my review if they treat me nicely.
5	My advice is to book at the Spa Tower. It is a piece of heaven away from the smoke and crowds of the lobby and casino. The room had a large window from floor to ceiling that gave a breathtaking view of Paris casino and the fountains. Room was awesome. I checked  out Paris, MGM, Mirage and Ballys casino and I couldnt wait to get back to Bellagio.
4	So I've never stayed at the hotel... but I am a fan of the free stuff here to do if you go to Vegas.1)  Catch the water/fountain show.  2)  Visit the garden inside the hotel.  Both are beautiful and amazing.  On my most recent trip the fountain was synchronized to Christmas carols sung in Italian and the garden was all decked out for the holidays.  The fountain show is every 30 minutes (I think) and the garden is always open, but generally crowded if you go in the afternoon or evening with people taking pictures.The Bellagio also has a chocolate fountain that will temp you into buying overpriced treats and is home to O, the amazing Cirque du Soleil show.
1	Bad bad bad bad ........ managment, I spent more than an hour for check in on jan 3, because you found no line in the check in counter. Most people like they don't  have education. They  were fighting to cut in to the counter, even the motel or inn without a star, their service are better than there. In other hotels, they will give you a fast pass guestcard to save your waiting time for  your  dinner, but you have to wait 2 hours for the dinner in Ballagio. I don't think I will  go there again.
3	Holy crap this place was packed! We stayed here for two nights and felt like everyone else in Vegas did too. The tourists pack this place like a free buffet. The walk from the front of the hotel/casino to the elevators is substantial. This would not be a big deal if there was anything at all in the room. I'll explain. $6 M&M's? $6 Water? No coffee? No refrigerator?  Little things I guess...but for what we paid for the room I didn't think they would nickle and dime us to death.  The bed was super and the linens were really soft.All and all the room was nice, the view was incredible, and the service was first class.  We happened to walk in to the room while it was being cleaned and we were very pleased.  The bell desk was amazing as well.  We would stay here again and bring some stuff with us to leave in the room. And for anyone who cares the blackjack dealers are the best in the world.  They all were super talkative and helpful to people who asked.
2	Upon hearing that my sister-in-law got us comp rooms at the Bellagio, i had certain expectations.  Snooty upper class guests and gamblers, high-priced food, scantily clad cocktail waitresses, and dealers who had no clue about "aloha" spirit -- I expected all of these things of the Bellagio, and I was right.  What I did not expect -- mold-stained sheets.  Yep.  You got it.  What could be expected out of a flea-ridden, no-star motel, I found at a so-called 5-star hotel.  What made it even worse however is the staff's reaction.  Granted, our group did not make this discovery until the wee hours of the morning (3 am to be exact), but this IS the city where you can get just about anything 24 hours a day.  Apparently you can also get lectured by the housekeeping staff on how it is impossible to get clean sheets when the hotel doesn't launder their own linens. This woman ranted and raved for nearly an hour about how most of the sheets are stained and that the staff is supposed to check them before putting them on the bed.  She even advised us that we should leave a note, in big letters, stating that we wanted CLEAN sheets!!!  Um, isn't that sort of a given???  She even had to go through 6 sets of sheets to find one set of clean ones!  She then had the audacity to grumble to us that she wasn't told there were four beds to be changed.  Um, well, there shouldn't BE four beds with dirty sheets in the first place, right???  And through all this ranting and raving, not even a single apology.Yes, the Bellagio has a spectacular water show and beautiful gardens.  So go for those things, but definitely do not stay there.  Or if you do, bring your own sheets.On a more serious note, I wonder if the management there is aware of the serious health risk mold poses?  I mean, there is a good reason the Hilton Hawaiian Village spent millions to rid their Kalia Tower of mold.  In these trying economic times, I think the Bellagio would do themselves a huge favor to make sure their hotel is mold-free.
4	Stayed here over the weekend for a vacation and I loved it! The hotel is beautiful and we had a beautiful room overlooking the fountains and the strip. If money isn't much of an issue, order breakfast room service! I must say, I did not know that eggs could taste that good. Everyone we encountered was very nice. The only rude employees I encountered was the ladies at the window where you sign up for the Player's Club Card. They were extremely rude and unattentive and did not seem like they wanted to help me.
5	I haven't been to the Bellagio in about a year, but I feel compelled to write a review.  At the end of the day, it is probably my favorite of the handful of casinos that I've been to.HOTEL: I stayed in their standard room.  It's a little on the smaller side compared to Augustus Tower at Caesars Palace and Wynn.  Nothing in particular stood out, but everything was generally very nice--about what you would expect from a higher-end Vegas hotel.CASINO: Decent blackjack and craps tables, although during peak hours (late night on weekends) the table limits can get pretty onerous, like $300 per hand in blackjack.  Slots and video poker looked pretty standard.  They do have my favorite video slots game of all time: Monopoly Once Around.  (Tip: If you go to the bonus game, put hotels on all the properties!)  I spent most of my time at two games: Pai Gow Tiles and Baccarat.  One thing, I'll have to commend the Pai Gow Tiles dealers for their patience.  I sat down to learn the game (which isn't a cheap proposition at $50 per hand), and they were very friendly in helping me out with what I would judge is, by far, the most complicated table game at any casino.  I still have my how-to-play booklet.  The baccarat room is very nice, although the little lounge for baccarat players (as opposed to the Baccarat Lounge bar in front of the room) was a little cramped and short on amenities compared to their peers.  The area itself is pretty amazing, with the large public area in the front and veritable catacombs of small rooms with private tables in the back.  I also have to give special mention to Duke, who has to be the best baccarat dealer I've had the pleasure of playing with.  When someone hit a Tie bet (Warning: I'm not encouraging anyone to actually make a Tie bet), you'd hear something like, "Pay that man...forty-eight...thousand...dollars!"  It's like being on the Price Is Right and added some excitement to what very well amounts to betting on a coin flip.  The major downside to the casino is the Poker Room: Sure, you'll get the excitement of hearing "Paging Phil Ivey.  Line one, please," but the tables, particularly the low limit tables, are crammed together and the area is cramped.  The sports book, right next to the poker room, is also nothing special--I wouldn't recommend heading there if you're just hoping to hang around and watch on an NFL Sunday.  Finally, I liked the Casino Host office at the Bellagio.  Granted, because there are plenty of bigger fish in that sea, the office handled me "as a team" instead of giving me the attention of a personal host, but I did get my entire hotel bill comped--including a pricey steak dinner at Prime--so I couldn't be happier.RESTAURANTS: Speaking on general terms, all the restaurants are very high quality.  Cafe Bellagio is probably the best 24-hour dining place on the Strip--I love the iced tea ice cubes in the iced tea.  The Buffet is very solid.  Noodles is pretty good, although you'll likely have to wait a good bit of time for a seat as it's a relatively small place.  The imported Kobe steak at Prime was excellent.  The holiday dim sum at Jasmine was a little disappointing: The food was nothing special and the $58.88 per person price tag, while auspicious, is overpriced.COMPARABLES: Above Wynn and #1 in my book.
5	The rooms are quite nice and large.  We stayed in a 2 Queen Bedroom.  Wonderful bed with lovely Egyptian cotton - so comfortable!Huge marble bathroom - tub, stand-up shower, 2 sinks - lovely soft towels, 2 bathrobes.Freebies - body lotion - leaves your skin so smooth - it's actually sold in their store, mouthwash, shampoo, conditioner.  There is also turn down service.  The Conservatory - love how it changes with the season or celebration - I went during Chinese New Year.  It was transformed to a Chinese Garden with an Ox made out of a bush!  The God of Fortune was right in the middle and pandas on the side.  Lovely!
4	I enjoyed the Bellagio. Best of all was its location on the Vegas strip.  The hotel is quite large with great rooms that have great views.  As a smoker, the hotel that offers smoking rooms that are beautiful is a definite plus.IMO, the pool area is the best part of this hotel.  It's open from 9a to 4p and offer full waiter service to get your drink on.  Great towels and beautiful pool area makes it enjoyable for both families and adults.
5	I've been to newer hotels on the strip, but somehow the Bellagio just beats all of them.  Even though the room is smaller than the Venetian's or the Palms Place studio rooms, there's a nice elegance to it. It's my favorite hotel on the Strip. The service is great and amazing, and it has this really nice sophisticated feel to it. I requested towels one time, and in less than a minute, there they were!  The fountain is gorgeous.  I ate at Prime (which is in the Bellagio) and they sat us right by the window, which is directly on the lake, and it had an amazing view.  The steak is pretty good.  The garden that they change seasonally is really cool. If its your first time, it's a great experience, a lot to take in. And I love the shopping!  It's not too many stores, but it's the stores that count.  The kind you don't find in just any mall.There's this bakery place there, that is in between the lobby and the tower.  It has a really cool chocolate fountain that drops from the top of the room.  But what's so great about it is it makes these really pretty cute little desserts that are absolutely fabulous!  I loooooovvveee their deserts.  I forgot what its called though, but I always visit there when I stay in Vegas.  I like to play poker.  If you do too, then you should definately try playing in their poker room, although if you aren't any good, best of luck.  Hopefully your luck will let you suck out on the regulars because there's plenty of them, just waiting to reel the little and big fish in the sea.  My friends and I checked out all the poker rooms in at least 7 of the biggest hotels there, and we both love to play at the Bellagio the best.
5	Last week, we stayed in one of their recently remodeled rooms: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/na4Th5DrNauOv-c43QQFvA?select=l-B0IK31CUGGXnOIIk9V1QThis is the room no:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/na4Th5DrNauOv-c43QQFvA?select=0WqQrP3WwsiP-hT2o6hkqAIt was at least 2000 square feet.... 3 bathrooms, 2 master suites, 7 TVs, 2 bidets ( I was clean and loved it).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/na4Th5DrNauOv-c43QQFvA?select=u5ZF8rcMD75kwfz5FxKQtAThis was our view:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/na4Th5DrNauOv-c43QQFvA?select=0WqqrWQlA-5BLtwhJqgzUwFive stars... I love the Bellagio.
4	I love this hotel...I played a few roulette and enjoyed myself. I saw Will Demps at this hotel, just standing around with his friends. He is soo fine....I forgot the name of the club that everyone was trying to get in but there was a long ass line and I was like, what is this? we stood in line for like 10 mins, then left for the voodoo lounge which was just ok (lol) But this hotel, is beautiful. Enjoyed my time in it...
5	The Best Ever.................  I love this Hotel............. Bellagio is the best Hotel in Las Vegas.........
5	I've stayed in a lot of hotels on the strip, but the Bellagio?  HOLY SHIT.  It's prolly the most...decadent.  I've always visited, but never stayed - til this year.  Surprise for me!  Happy birthday Lily!And what a surprise it was.  Our room was a junior suite and we had a full view of the strip and the water show.  The bed was comfy, the bathroom was GIGANTIC, and the staff was v. courteous.  The casino didn't reek of smoke and the art/glass work all over the hotel elegant.This hotel is beautiful.  Hands down, one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed at.  Period.
5	I have to continue to rave about the Bellagio after my most recent trip to Vegas.  I was fortunate enough to explore more of the hotel and am just amazed.  Our room was wonderful, clean, smoke free.  I also like the the Bellagio does not play when it comes to sketchy people.  Of all the casinos I visited while in Vegas, this was one where I felt comfortable 24-7.  Even when we were up at 4:00 am to go play poker, we didn't see a prostitute or annoying drunk person in sight.The poker room is awesome and one of my favorites in the strip.  They have excellent dealers and the security guys there don't mess around.  Finally, their service after you leave is excellent.  I accidentally left my coat in the closet of our room and the Bellagio found it and is shipping it back to me free!
5	Ah, the Bellagio.  So heavenly.  A gift because God knows I couldn't afford it, but hands down the loveliest hotel on the Strip.  We could see the cheesy but amazing water fountain show from our window, and the casino was a pretty classy operation.   Bed = super comfy.  Drapes moved by buttons (okay, I wasted at least an hour of our stay opening and closing the drapes.  Never got old.) But the real mystique of the Bellagio is in the service.  Sample room service conversation:Me:  Hi, I'd like a skinny double cappuccino.Them:  Of course,  Miss _____.   We'll send a double cappuccino to you in room 642 in exactly 13 minutes.  Would you like a complimentary newspaper, two delicious rock sugar stirring sticks and a whole lot of smiling and bowing when your room service waiter arrives?Me:  Yes, thank you.  That would be very nice.  Also -Them:  Yes, yes, please tell us if there is anything on the earth we can find you/do for you/ make your stay more pleasant here by bestowing -Me:  Could you make it extra hot?Them:  It will be hotter than the flames of hell, Miss ______.  And if it isn't, you can take me out to the back of the kitchens and fling saucepans near my head while I apologize profusely.  Me:  Sounds good. Yeah.  The good life. :)
5	Ahhhhhh...  The Bellagio, what better hotel to enjoy a 4-night stay in?  None!  The beautiful hand blown glass flowers on the ceiling are hard to look away from.  I had the desire to lie down on the floor and take a picture of them.  Good thing I didn't; Michael Jackson (yes THE MJ) was in the hotel and his fans were in a frenzy to get pictures of him.  Hotel security did a grand job of cocooning him and moving him away from the crazed fans and those of us just trying to check in.  That was the start of our 10th anniversary trip to Las Vegas.  The hubby and I wanted to "class up" our annual sojourn to Sin City and decided to go for broke on the hotel scene.  We'd checked out the pool the year before (thank you Mr. Security Guard) and decided this was the place to be to celebrate 10 years of wedded bliss.  I mentioned to the check-in gal that it was our anniversary and she graciously upgraded our room to a full fountain view.  The room was oversized and gorgeous.  I loved the button on the bedside table that controlled the curtains.  Super cool!  The linens on the bed were sumptuous.  The bathroom was very large and the shower was big enough for 5 (we only tried the two of us).  The velocity of which the water came out of the showerhead was that of a fire hose.  It rinsed my long hair in record time.  I loved that shower and miss it daily.  The pool - wow!  It is really a treat especially when you rent a cabana.  The hotel gives you a dedicated minion that checks on you to make sure you are watered and fed and have fresh dry towels.  The restaurants in the hotel were okay; nothing show stopping about any of them in my opinion.  We've stayed at the Bellagio on three other occasions since the 10-year anniversary, most recently for our 15th.  There are a few of the same restaurants; quite a few have changed out.  Next time I'm there (hopefully this summer) I'll make an effort to try a few of them.On the plane ride home after our first stay at the Bellagio, my husband looked at me and said "we can't ever stay anywhere else when we go to Vegas, huh?"  I gave him the "you gotta be kidding me" look and then smiled.  I've stayed at other hotels since our first Bellagio experience with girlfriends and constantly compare each hotel with the Bellagio.  As far as I'm concerned, none of them come close.  I love you Bellagio - I wish I could visit more often.
3	Highly priced hotel rooms with no spectacular views = a huge dent in your wallet. If you're looking to just stay at the Bellagio for their service then go ahead, but if you're looking for great view and cheap stay then this definitely a no go. Unless, you want to fork out $500+ for a night here then you will be stuck with "nothing to look at when you're looking out of the window view", but if you have a lot of money I'm sure you can get a room with spectacular views of the water show or the whole strip. Only suggested if you want to over pay for your room.
5	I had a dream.I had a dream that someday, I'd give up my life here in SoCal.  I had a dream that I'd travel to the far reaches of Nevada and pursue my dreams of becoming a professional poker player.  I'd make big bucks from winning championship after championship.Always, this dream ended with me taking up permanent residence at the Bellagio.  Always.  Did I mention the word: permanent?  Yes, I think I must've mentioned it.Aside from being flat-out gorgeous, the service is top notch.  Yes, in Vegas, you'll feel like a VIP almost anywhere.  But what hotel actually caters to a green, naive 21-year-old as if she were the most famous socialite in the world?  Only Bellagio.The rooms are simply elegant, with every pleasure and convenience you can dream up.  You will truly feel like a princess, I kid you not.The rooms are fantastic, the service is fantastic, the actual hotel itself is fantastic - is there more?  Of course!  The food!  Bellagio has some of the best food I've had in the Vegas area, and again, the service is impeccable.  Their servers can even make chow mein and saimin seem like elegant delicacies, the way they carry on serving you. Shoot, i could probably order a street taco and it'd come with a gold-plated mini-spoon and monogrammed napkins.  Who knows.Is there more?  Yes, of course!True Vegas lovers do not go to Vegas for the shows, the hotels, the restaurants, or the nightlife - True Vegas Lovers go to Vegas to gamble.Duh.All I have to say is... the dealers are all incredibly friendly and classy, some are also incredibly funny, and best of all, I feel like it's my lucky casino (so I always save it for last on my casino crawls).  Winner, winner, chicken dinner, bitches!Oh, and it helps that, as Bellagio caters to a slightly higher-end clientele, the people who are playing cards with you are either (a) familiar with the rules of the game, or (b) well-mannered and fun to play with.  I hate playing with people with uncivilized tourists with bad attitudes. Blech!Anyways... Someday, my dream will come true.  Someday, y'all can write me fan mail and address it to Bellagio.  Thanks.
5	Hands down, this is my favorite place on the strip. 1. They have the Chihuly piece (you know that requisite picture that everyone has from their trip to Vegas with those glass flowers on the ceiling? yeah, that's Chihuly). 2. The casino is so incredibly kick ass - this is my top place to throw down any day of the week3. Love the water show - I know, lame, but really, it's beautiful and you know you can just imagine yourself in that scene in Ocean's 11 watching the fountain... :)4. Service is CLUTCH :) The minute I hit the craps table, drinks arrived. The minute I put my glass down, more arrived. What more can you ask for?5. This is just the epitome of class... love it. I will say, it's expensive... but totally worth it IMHO
2	Quick summary:- smoke everywhere- "Hotel" aspect is mediocre.- fountains, shows, pastry shops are nice.- would not return for the price, better options elsewhere.Details:- A non smoking room means 'maybe non smoking' because people disregard the smoking rules all the time.- Even a non smoking room gets you covered with smoke every time you leave or enter your room, because you have to walk through the casino.    Book the Spa tower to avoid.- The restaurants, though 'no smoking', will have cigarette smoke if it's near the casino.  Yellowtail for sure has cigarette smoke everywhere, Le Cirque can also have cigarette smoke (depending on if they close the door).  Sensi is far from the smoke, but we saw somebody smoking in the restaurant with no enforcement of the law.    Michael Mina's is pretty smoke-free.  - Overall, smoke is better than Harrah's and Caesar's, but worse than the Venetian.- cleaning staff is top notch, our room was sparkling clean every day.- Concierge staff is not as top notch - we asked for a lingerie store.  There's like 4 in the area, but they had to think hard to come up with one.  Other similar examples.- Pool closed early (4P?) all the time.  They don't want you at the pool, they want you gambling.- asked for tailor service, they didn't have it.  Not a big deal, but it's not the Mandarin Oriental or anything.- Workout room is $25 a day - No wireless but they do have wired for $15 a day.  But they charge $15 if you need an ethernet cable.  Bring your own.- if you touch the snacks, you get charged because they are set to charge on weight change.  Seriously.- JP Maury Pastry shop is one of the best (if not the best) in Vegas.- Fountains are the best free show on the strip.-
5	Still one of the best resorts on the strip, but never won very much there.
4	I've yet to stay here, since I'm allergic to spending shitloads of money on hotel rooms, and additionally, because I'm reeeeeaally cheap, but I'll review the hotel for its decor throughout it's gloriously well-appointed, beautiful golden casino.The last two times I was in Vegas, we went to Bellagio for the buffet breakfast.  Three years ago, it was hangover food.  Did the trick!  This last time, in January, no hangover, which allowed me to appreciate the interior decor more than the previous visit.In general, I am not a fan of Chihuly glass.  It's just a little too grotesque for me.  Writhing, snaking organic shapes rendered in psychedelically colored glass is just not that appealing to me.  I acknowledge that Chihuly is a living master, and who the hell am I to critique the greatest glass artist alive, but TFB.  Maybe because I grew up in California, where glass worth as much as a house could break at the slightest little temblor, or maybe because it's just so absurdly priced that I can't imagine justifying its value in the millions for some pieces.  BUT....the chandelier (what an inadequate word) in the lobby of Bellagio, a Chihuly original, is stunning.  I mean really, it takes your breath away and leaves you speechlessly stricken with glee.  And considering how lovely the entire lobby and casino are, that's saying something.Quality materials are used throughout the hotel.  It's just plain beautiful.  It's loveliness utterly defies description, so I really don't think I should even try.The conservatory is completely redone depending upon the season, and no expense is spared in changing the artwork and foliage out.  Since both of my last two visits fell around Chinese New Year, it was decorated for the occasion.  Absolute gorgeousness!My review, however, lacks the fifth star, because I'll be damned if I'll pay $20.00 to get into their gallery to see the pieces they have on display.  Bitches, please.  That's EXACTLY where I draw the line.
5	Yea, so, I got married here so I sorta have to give it five stars, right? Everyone who attended my wedding is always like "your wedding was awesome" even at other people's weddings. I'm a little competitive so that makes me extremely happy = )Actually, it proves that the point of a wedding is not only to commemorate your day, but to make your guests have a good time. I mean, shouldn't everyone remember your wedding as a joyous day with a really great party? The wedding planning services here are amazing. I was in grad school at the time (*ahem, still am*) and while I had some planning, they do a lot in house so I didn't have to worry about food or the florist. Plus, I got married in the chapel so no transportation to/from ceremony (plus my relatives are Irish, if you know what I mean, so I didn't have to worry about them). It was so worth every penny. My wedding pictures have the Bellagio fountain and the fake Eiffel Tower  in the background-- top that!
4	Great buffett and the chinese restaurant (i forgot the name).Bellagio has the great water show in front of the casino.  I like how all taxi and limo services arrive at the main entrance in a single orderly fashion.
4	This hotel is pretty much amazing. I love how great it looks from outside and the water show is fun to watch table side if you're dining in one of their many renowned restaurants. The rooms aren't that amazing in my opinion but everything is definitely high quality. Their pool is huge and looks great on a sunny day. They offer any type of gambling you may be searching for and have an endless choice in food, from buffets to restaurants.
5	Came back here again after a long layoff and had a midweek lunch, which is really a great deal for around $22.  Hand rolled spicy tuna made to order was a nice addition I didn't recall from before.  Great foccassia and pizza.  Turkey very good.  St. Louis pork ribs excellent.  Shrimp Scampi outstanding.  Desserts were very good this time, with this chocolate pie thing making me beg the others at my table to try it.
5	I didn't stay here but I ate and hung out here for a bit. It is the nicest hotel in Vegas I have ever been in and I've been in at least 10 of them. The atmosphere does not even feel like you are in Vegas. There is not a ton of smoke in here like there is in the other hotels. The staff is very classy 5 stars in my book.
3	There's no doubt, the fountains at the Bellagio remain one of the best free attractions on the strip. But the Bellagio did not really impress as a whole. I suppose it is too much to expect premium service (while paying premium prices!) at a resort when its mission is predicated on quantity over quality, but the reception we received at the front desk was really shockingly indifferent and rude. I found the reception area and front desk to be a morass of chaos and confusion at all hours of the day (even midweek!). And the property itself, though not without its charms, is aging. Our standard deluxe room was surprisingly roomy...it was as large as some junior suites we have stayed in. The decor was nice, understated and tasteful. The bathroom was quite luxurious, with a separate shower and tub, and acres of travertine and granite. Nevertheless, although the toilet had some sort of turbo-jet flush (I swear I was almost sucked in!), the water pressure in the shower was poor. To compound matters, the shower head was leaking from its attachment at the pipe and so water was sprayed everywhere on the ceiling and out to the floor. The shower head also was half-clogged with mineral deposits, so no more than a trickle of water was coming out. A call to maintenance quickly addressed this, however. I must say the phone operators, etc were quite courteous and helpful, in contrast to the front desk. What was particularly annoying was a strong whistling sound through the windows (we were only on the 10th floor, but it was particularly windy during our stay). When I brought this up to the front desk, I was first met with apathy, then a "we can't do anything so you should suck it up" attitude. Frankly, when I am paying these kind of prices, I find this unacceptable. Finally, we spoke to one of the managers who offered to find us another room. Nevertheless, this kind of behavior soured me on the whole property. We'll try the Wynn next time.
5	Amazing hotel to stay in...
4	I really enjoyed my stay here.
5	Great Hotel. The service was wonderful and cleans were extremely clean. I especially like the indoor garden that they change according to the 4 seasons. The buffet was awesome with plenty of choices and the price was just right for what you get in return.
4	The place exudes class, and I had a great experience here throughout. I played poker in the poker rooms which a must (for any poker enthusiast) and the dealers/poker room manager were all first class. The buffet was good along with one of the restaurants we visited. I do have one complaint, and even the dealers at the poker room were surprised to hear this and couldn't believe it happened at the Bellagio.I was playing blackjack at one of the tables (and I'm a a great tipper) and I started to bleed from my nose (nose is sensitive to altitude changes...might have been the smoking). The pit boss gets me kleenex and I'm clogging it up but then asks me to leave and "wash up". No offer to help or watch my chips as I go take care of the situation.  I thought he could have been a little bit more friendly and just his tone of voice I thought was very un-professional especially for a venue like Bellagio . I stopped playing blackjack at the Bellagio and I personally don't like the blackjack machines they use there to deal anyways, I'd rather take my money to the Venetian or Wynn. Poker Room  , Restaurants  5 starsBlack Jack table Pit boss - 5 stars.  :O(
5	THIS IS STILL PROBABLY MY FAVORITE HOTEL IN VEGAS!!!Okay so I haven't actually stayed here...honestly it's kinda out of my price range. But I ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS stop here in Vegas for my must do's:1) Must watch a least one Bellagio Fountain Show (which happens every 1/2 hour until)....CHECK!!!!2) Must check out the indoor Conservatory (just a short stroll from hotel registration area) to see what beautiful flower display they dream up. I love being surprised by their latest flower display which usually goes along with the season or hoilday. So they probably change the display every month or so. Last weekend to go along with Spring Break they had lovely tulips all over and a glass enclosed butterfly display. WOWIE...CHECK!!! @}-------}-------- GIRLS LOVE FLOWERS!3.) Must get in my picture WHORE time for about 30 minutes.....CHECK!!!!I always leave here so happy....even if there are tons of other tourist around. P.S. 'O' is the still best Cirque show yet!!!
5	The best hotel I've ever stayed in. The service was perfect. I couldn't have asked for more. Everybody was smiling, greeting me, making sure I was comfortable and the room maid was wonderful. She did everything we asked and at our last night, she left 3 chocolates because she realized there were 3 of us staying in one room. Nobody asked any questions or had a problem giving you anything you needed. Even the other guests were pleasant to be around. I think when you're in that environment, others around you tend to be happy as well. Their chocolate is also WORTH the money! I grew up in Hershey, PA - chocolate, capitol of America but Jean Philippe at Bellagio's dances circles around Hershey chocolate any day! I paid 30 dollars for 8 little gourmet chocolates but it was well worth it. You really do get what you pay for. Their banquet staff was incredible. I loved the water show and the pools, the art, their stores. I have not one complaint and will definitely be back again.  I found the perfect dress for me here too so I will have to get it next time!
4	This hotel is GORGEOUS. Seriously, everything from the ceiling decor to the designs on the floor, the entire place is so beautiful. They even have this area that changes it's decorations every month or so, based on theme. When I came to visit, the theme was Spring so there were all these floral arrangements and a butterfly house for you to walk through. I'm definitely gonna make it a point to stay here at some point.
5	Hands down one of the best hotels that I have ever stayed at and one of the two hotels that I stay at when I'm in Vegas. (largely depends on price for me!)The rooms are well appointed and feature fantastic amenities. For some strange reason I am drawn to their bath soaps and shower gels. If possible, I do suggest getting a lake view room so that you can take advantage of watching the water show. If not, the views of the mountains isn't bad, and to be honest, you are hardly ever going to be in your room anyway.The shopping is higher end, so if that isn't your thing..skip it. I pick hotels to stay at for the location and the rooms anyway! So the shopping is simply an added plus! Great restaurants and fantastic show options.The staff were truly amazing. I have never seen a check in line move as fast as it has at the Bellagio. The housekeeping staff were wonderful and went the extra mile to make sure my needs were met.Oh..not really a family friendly hotel...although kids are welcomed, I wouldn't say they would have fun here...Hands down, one of the best places to stay at.
4	Everything was great, as a frequent traveler I am not use to getting such great service in hotels.  Bellagio staff went above and beyond.  Why only 4 stars you ask...two reasons.1.  Check in process was a bit funky.  Waited awhile in line then the lady at the counter says "let me go find you a room" and walks away leaving us standing there.  I see her standing with other employees all gathered around a computer monitor chatting.  This goes on for about 10 minutes.  I almost jumped onto the counter to get her attention and ask what the heck was going on.2.  I had high expectations for the bed, but nope.  Pretty ho-hum. Nothing to write home to mom about.  In fact I think a typical Westin bed beats it hands down.  That is pretty sad.But I did love everything else....flowers....view of the fountain from our 27th floor room....all the restaurants/snack bars were deliciousWould definitely stay here again, especially after walking through a lot of other hotels on the strip - call me a hotel snob if you must
4	Bellagio.. Bellagio.. Bellagio.. a dream come true.. My fiance and I stayed there for 2nights 3days and I swear I was in heaven.  We were on the ninth floor with a view of the pool (pointless b/c the weather was freezing cold).. but the room made me forget all that.. The bed was so comfortable, I fell asleep within minutes(usually impossible).  Stay away from the in room Bar b/c they charge you an arm and leg.. don't remove anything b/c even if you don't use it.. YOU WILL BE CHARGED..I find it crazy that almost all of the strip hotels charge you for internet but oh well that was $15.00 (but a true necessity for me). The bathroom had everything a girl would need..high tech mirror, wonderful smelling soap, shampoo and conditioner.  The bathtub and shower are separate, which worked great for me b/c I like baths and my fiance loves showers :)  The hotel it self is gorgeous.. they conservatory changed all the time...( go for christmas its soo pretty)..The salon was really nice, i had my nails done, haircut and hair highlighted..the total came out to a whooping $600 but well worth it.. come on guys it is the BELLAGIO.  They do not comp for the spa so don't even bother asking.  I'll be back very soon my love!
2	Now I've finally stayed at the hotel, I can say I'm fully disappointed.  The rooms seem like they have not been updated since they opened.  That means OLD, and WORN.  The carpets are full of stain.  The tile grouts are coming off.  The air vents are full of dust.  AND the sink drain makes very loud noises when someone else uses them (I'm on the 11th floor).  An upscale hotel shouldn't have these problems!!Can't believe I booked 6 nights here.  What a waste of my time.The room only had a old CRT TV.  And the internet is not included.  $19 per day.The pool was cool,... but the water was not very well heated compared to other hotels like the Encore for example.  And they don't have free bottled water there, just a fountain.The casino itself is very crowded.  The staff not very friendly most of the time.  And they look like they distain you if you don't gamble with $25 or $100 chips.  They are having problem with revenue, so now they are much better about giving comps.
4	Just as quickly as I got up 500 bucks I was down 1000, and this is playing at the cheapest table they had. That hardly matters when some scantily clad woman is blowing your dice. The place is pretty damn clean for how many people walk through it. They had a garden in the middle which I thought might have been fake as everything looked pristine, but turns out they just do an amazing job of making the real seem surreal. This includes those glass blown flowers in the reception area. Pretty unbelievable.
4	We stayed in the Bellagio for about 5 days and 4 nights. The hotel was beautiful, and ended up being our 3rd or 4th favorite place to gamble in LV. The craps dealers in the middle of the weeknights were great, even with my psychotic betting.But there were a few problems. You are about to read text which contains the F-word.Problems:1. The fucking wi-fi service didn't work. What the fuck is wrong with the fucking wi-fi? My boyfriend and I are geeks and we need to get on the fucking internet. And my boyfriend actually needed to get online for fucking work. Although we laugh about it in hindsight, this was not at all funny at the time... (OK, yes it was!) We were only able to connect once we stacked poor B's laptop on top of an LV phone book and a Holy Bible on top of a trash can underneath the desk to hook up the the hotel's ethernet (or whatever the fuck it is called) cable because that stupid shit was BOLTED to the desk below. I'm a recovering Catholic and so I did not feel at all good about stacking a bible on top of a Las Vegas phonebook on a trash can. My Mom would not approve.And don't try to get any technical support. They think that you are willing to wait all night for a technician to come up. What the fuck are we supposed to do while waiting? Luckily, all B needed was my mad problem-solving skills and we were able to cancel the tech support call we had already waited in excess of an hour for.And to top it off, there was a 14.99 fee for poor B to get online, even though he could only do so sitting underneath the desk. My man is tall too so this did not spell crazy convenience. Jesus Christ, it was ridiculous, but I have some great pictures.2. Fix your plumbing! It is NOT romantic to hear the water draining from the floors above. It sounded like there was something in the pipes and that a toilet was having a problem flushing. B and I exchanged tens of "What the fuck is in those pipes?!"  looks as we tried to relax in our room. Hmmph. Gross. That ended up being funny too, however.3. Please install a microwave and a fridge. I rarely finish my dinner all at once, and I don't want a tummy ache later from bacteria growth. And, call me cheap, but I do not want to throw out our DELICIOUS steak leftovers, seriously. B says it is ridiculous to need these things, but I disagree. I like to eat when I get back from a long night of drunken gambling. I mean, there's not even a coffee pot in these rooms. WTF.4. B said don't touch anything on that snack thing, and BOY was he right.  We ended up getting charged 20 bucks for snacks we didn't even want, much less have. Thinking the snack thing was a fridge, I put our steak leftovers (MMMM) in the fridge and had to slide a few things around to get the box to fit. Well, it wasn't even a fucking refrigerator, we didn't get to enjoy our delicious (and I mean DELICIOUS) steak, AND we got charged 20 bucks. What the fuck.Other than these issues and a few problems extending our stay that I won't expand on but to say that it was excessively difficult, the hotel was very nice. I la-la-LOVED the bathtub to a psychotic, addictive extent. What a joy it was to get ready, just absolutely wonderful! Imagine getting out of the bath with a big goofy grin on your face. That was me, at least twice a day. Also, I highly enjoyed freaking poor B out walking through the area with the Chanel, Gucci, Hermes, Dior, and Armani shops. Hehe. I almost made him go to Chanel with me. He clearly DID NOT want to.But the number one reason to stay here is for the view of the fountains from your hotel room. Even with Donny and Marie Osmond plastered all over the Flamingo smiling back at us (when I called my girl Liz to tell her, she replied "That's a LOT of teeth!") we spent hours in that window. Make sure you request the fountain side. I recommend it.
5	I am normally a fan of Venetian, but stayed at Bellagio for the first time even though I've been to LV almost a dozen times.I originally booked a Salone Suite, but I tipped a nice, beautiful may I add, girl at front desk to get an upgrade to Bellagio Suite.  I originally just wanted an upgrade to one with a view, but Bellagio Suite will do just fine =D  Also picked up line pass for the buffet, thank you Hilda.I checked out the floor plans of the Salone Suite, but was not familiar at all with Bellagio Suite.  Let me sum it up with two words: three toilets.Room service was fantastic (exceptional service on the phone and on delivery), and I have to say that it's actually worth ordering in for one night, so you can enjoy your meal looking over the fountain water show.  "Her" bathroom had a jet tub thing, and "His" bathroom has steam thing.  Sorry for my poor diction.Usually, I don't play table games, but decided to spend some time playing a little this time around.  Had a good time talking with the dealers, getting drinks from super hot cocktail waitress, and breaking even =D  Yay!Amenities, of course, are fantastic.  Lots of shopping + top-notch staff + must-see conservatory + another must-see fountain.  It sure is on the pricey side, but I felt that it was worth it.As a side note, I was out by myself one night to take pictures of the fountain water show.  So I had my usual gear (tripod + camera), and I am not kidding you... at least 15 people came up to me in 30 minutes, asking me in one shape or another "do you know when the next show is?"  And of course, I said "every 15 minutes until midnight" (it was around 8pm at the time).  I must've looked like an employee or something.Even if you don't stay here, you must at least visit!
4	definitely lived up to expectations, and the chihuly sculptures were amazing.with most of our friends staying here, we spent a good bit of time in and around the hotel.the pool and rooms were great and the dealers friendly and knowledgeable (but i guess that's their job). their club "bank" was good for late-night drinking, especially with the 24 hour diner nearby.i'm giving this place 4 starts because if it was perfect they would have let me win $1000 at WAR and come home a hero.
5	Simply put the Bellagio is an awesome hotel. While it is a couple years old, it felt fresh and clean. The room was on par with any hotel in this price range. Nothing was lacking, and the amenities weren't anything that special. Outside of the room itself though the Bellagio shined. Having gambled at the Wynn, Caesars, the Palazzo, and the Venetian during my stay, the Bellagio was far and away the most enjoyable. The dealers were always friendly, the drinks always came quickly, and the experience was always fun. While I am not sure how much control a hotel has over its tenants, the shops in the Bellagio's shopping concourse were top notch. I had a pair of cuff links and a bracelet cleaned at Tiffany, and my father bought a tie at Hermes. In both cases the staff was professional and prompt. In the case of Tiffany, what usually takes a day and a half to do was done in two hours. Was a nice change.My only complaint regards the concierge service. They were quite difficult to get on the line. However, after having suffered through the five to ten minute wait they were quite responsive.
5	I can only actully speak for the beauty of The Bellagio and the AMAZINGNESS of the wedding chapel and services. I just got married at the Wedding Chapels at The Bellagio this weekend and it couldn't have been a more beautiful wedding!!! The ceremony itself was so far above and beyond what I could have possibly imagined. The minister was unbelievable and you would have thought he'd known us our whole lives! There wasn't a dry eye in the house!!After the ceremony, the photographer took us around the property for more pictures and they all turned out to be so beautiful. It's truly an amazing place and I can't wait to go back and revisit it in the future!!
5	someday i will splurge & get a room here.  beautiful, makes all other casinos dumps.  my bros & i had a top-notch experience at the buffet(less expensive than i predicted).  the buffet beverage server was so great , we tipped her 3times as much as we usually do.  staff very professional/cool.  i've been lucky here too.  the best. classy.
4	My husband and I stayed here our last trip to Vegas (we frequent the city about 2-3 per year) and it was good overall. My husband and I love gambling here so we decided to stay here instead of our usual rooms Wynn or Palms. Another great thing about Bellagio is the location! Right in the middle of the strip. The rooms were a great size.. we just stayed in a standard room? Not sure what it's called. Bathrooms were perfect with separate tub and shower. We had a great view of the water show and we didn't even ask. Housekeeping was on top of it. I requested extra towels and they left me more than enough. I also got laundry service and it was on time and well done. The pool was beautiful. It was only about 60-65 out so I didn't get in, but I did get to relax and read a book by the pool which was wonderful. Every morning I got a coffee and brioche from the Jean Philippe Cafe. The coffee and pastries are TO DIE FOR! So good. One thing I didn't like was the Wi-Fi. Either something was wrong with it, or something was wrong with my new Apple laptop. I paid to buy the cable to connect it, to do business while on vacation but it didn't work. I ended up having to complain!!!!
5	Wow!  Supreme service and quality here.  I like it better than the Encore, other than the nightclub (XS rules above all).  Bellagio's bathroom and supersized tub are so elegant.  All the staff is wonderful and the entire complex is top of the line.  The maid service is excellent as well and very respectful.  Much more homely feel than other hotels in Vegas with all the bells and whistles.  I can't wait to visit again!
4	the age of this hotel really showed through its not-so-fancy dull-colored lights hanging in the main reception area. bedroom were so-so, but i'm comparing with other newer hotels on the strip i'd recently stayed though.friend had a suit, which was really kinda like wynn's suite, except that Bellagio's had 2 bathrooms :D service was average too, although concierge were very responsive.
2	I have stayed here twice. My first experience was amazing... granted this was back when it opened. I think any hotel in Vegas is gonna work extra hard the first few years to establish themselves amongst the competition. Here we are several years later and all those things that impressed me the first time around just went out the door after this visit. Aside from everything in it feeling dated, our bathroom shower flooded within the first hour of being in the room. It took them almost 45 minutes to send someone up to fix it. Maintenance came and no one ever came up to pick up the sopping wet towels we used to prevent the spillage from going into the carpet. And don't get me started on the lack of ice in the ice machines and no water in the vending machines. I remember the day where the turn down service would leave chocolate on your pillow and now you can barely get them to bring you a towel. fail. I don't know how they get off being a 5 diamond hotel cause in comparison to the Venetian or Palazzo, whose rooms are much better, the Bellagio is falling short. I don't think I will be staying there any more. Props for them adding iPod docks to the room so we can listen to our music though.
3	First day stay: check in was simple,line was short which made it a lot easier. My room was decent but I've seen better for the same price. Shops were the same high class shops that normal people like me don't shop at. My room had a refridge but was stuff with overpriced things like soda and such. If you ask them they will bring up a empty fridge for you.Second day: I tried their tub. It was ok. Paris suite was much better you could fit someone else In the tub. Not as relaxing as Paris hotel. I probably had jets in em if I paid more for my room. Bellagio was a little too high class for my taste but it was an ok experience.
5	I have been to a lot of hotels all around the world and Bellagio is definitely the most impressive one I have been to. I have never seen as much guest traffic through a hotel in my life till I came here, but that did not matter because this hotels is HUGE with large lobbies and large walk ways to get anywhere you would like in this hotel. Pros: - great service - decent size room with an ok view, which was on a non smoking wing. I didn't have a fountain view nor a pool view but it was still nice. - house keeping reacted quick to any needs - walls in the rooms are thick where we did not even hear a peep of our neighbors. Yes the rooms were booked!! - Great restaurants, you must check out Jean Philippe - good service at the pools. On the weekend get your spot no later than 9am, trust me. It packs out fast!!! - friendly dealers at the tables - Good bars to hang out at, check out the Fontana bar at night, great place to have a drink while watching the fountain shows. - ventilation through casino floor was good, even through people were smoking it did not smell like it. - waitress service at the tables were fast. Cons: - shower not too quiet, can hear the water flowing to the shower through the main room - in order to get comp points on the players card you must bet a min of $25 - rooms are pretty expensive and the latest to check out is 1pm. Overall the next time I come to Vegas I will be coming to the Bellagio again.
2	I've been to Vegas at least 20 times and have stayed in at least 15 different hotels. I've seen how bad things can get (Westward Ho) and I've seen the five star side of things (Venetian). During my visits I almost always visited the Bellagio to play poker or just hang out because I felt it was the classiest joint on the strip. I always dreamed of staying there, but the high price was hard to justify.So this was my first stay at the Bellagio and I saw things that I had never seen before. Things such as $24.95 per day WiFi access, $6.00 handling fee per letter to receive mail at the hotel, $1.00 per minute computer usage, and a $10 per day fridge rental fee. I heard things that I had never heard before in a hotel, namely my neighbor urinating. The sound coming through crisp and loud through the vent above the camode. The constant sound of dripping water in the shower drain. And dealers informing me that I have to bet $25 per hand at blackjack to get MGM/Mirage rewards.In addition to surprises, there were things that I found simply disappointing. The pool closed at 6:00 PM. The CRT television had around 30 stations, and 10 of them were in Chinese. And most requests (hangers, pillows, towels) took an average of 45 minutes to arrive. Yes, I actually timed each request because I had read another review on Yelp about how fast they had things delivered, they said usually in less than 10 minutes.Is this just a negative review? No, I hope not. There are some really nice things at the Bellagio:* choice of down or foam pillows* the fountain show and an amazing view of the strip* fancy and expensive restaurants* comfortable beds with good linens* a fancy bathroom with a beautiful glass shower and large tub* almost as much marble as the other nice hotels on the strip* a very helpful conceirge desk, although sometimes understaffed* lots of shaded parking close to the lobby (but not to our tower)* good, invisible, and quiet ventilation in the bathroom* reliable and quiet HVAC with 1/2 degree increments* electric curtains, although the switch wasn't near the window* clock radio with iPod dock (although not for iTouch or iPhone)When we checked out of the hotel, we had an overwhelming sense of being nickle and dimed, despite paying a premium to stay there. Perhaps after reading this review you won't suffer the same sticker shock and awe, and can enjoy your stay knowing how much you will be billed when you check out.Will I go back and stay there again? Yes, I will. Not having a flat panel TV is not the most important thing about staying at a hotel. The most important thing is making my wife happy, and she absolutely loved the spa. As far as I know, only guests are able to use the spa on weekends so that will be the one reason we will return.
5	Everytime we come to Vegas we stay here. About once to twice a year for the last 4-5 yrs. The rooms are nice. The lakeview room is the best since you can listen to the music through their station on TV while looking down at the fountains, which is so nice and relaxing, and gives a wonderful view which is totally different than on ground level. it's AWESOME!the spa was FABULOUS!!! The fuji lotions that you can purchase are fantastic, and smell wonderful! Never have a smelled a lotion like that!! Had to buy to bring home. The VIP lounge for suite guests is a great idea, it offers refreshments, and free wi fi, and also complimentary car service to and from airport which beats taking a cab! The number one reason, the smell of the inside, no smokey smell like the other places ( and I do smoke when I am there) but it has a wonderful scent through the entire hotel, and that is by far the top reason we stay there...love it!!Also Prime Steakhouse is the best food and service, old school service, hard to find places like that!
5	One of my best hotel experiences ever.  We had a corner suite, and althhough we booked the suite that faces the west we were put into one that faces the strip.  Amazing view, great room in that corner suite, and It was probably the nicest room (especially the spacious bathroom) for less than $200 that I've ever visited.No problems with maidservice, staff, or valet.  Everything was nearly flawless.Only minor complaint is the high prices but it is somewhat forgivable because this is one of the better hotel casinos on the strip.  I couldn't get over the $7/bottle of beer or $12 Margaritas.
4	I enjoyed my weekend stay here because it's simply a beautiful hotel, but the service was a bit disappointing from what you'd expect for the amount we're paying. They messed up our reservations: Instead of 2 adjacent rooms, they gave us 2 rooms down the hall from each other and tried to reason that "that's still next to each other." Instead of 2 queen beds per room, the beds instead resembled full size beds. We complained and were able to switch to 2 rooms a few doors down from each other with king size beds, but they still weren't next to each other as we'd requested. Other than mix-up, our beds were soft, the rooms/bathrooms were nice, the view was pretty, and the hotel itself is beautiful. I'd stay here again potentially, but only if the Bellagio staff improves its level of service.
5	Bellagio remains our favorite place to stay in Las Vegas!All aspects of customer service are stellar.   Cafe Gelato serves up an astonishingly good breakfast panini. Take one out to the pool with a smoothie in the morning and you will cure all the wrong things you did the night before. Follow that with a couple frozen cocktails and the world will be right again. Extra Liz-Star (TM) for the poolside waitress who gently woke me up when she noticed I was getting a little too pink.  I'm not going to take away a star because of the BJ dealer who WOULD NOT STOP talking about the color of my hair long enough to DEAL THE CARDS.  I should, but I won't.  That's how much I love Bellagio.   VP 411 - couple banks of decent .25 progressive.  $1 at the bars.
5	Been to Vegas many times, but never stayed at the Bellagio!  Finally this weekend for a bachelor party we all stayed at this marvelous hotel!  The Rooms:  Spacious with a solid bathroom......great shower and tub!The Casino: Many tables to play, friendly dealersThe Food: Many different food options.  great restaurants and barsThe Pool:  HUGE.....the talent at the pool.........outstanding!!!  The Cocktail Waitress's:  HOT!  If you're gambling its nice to have a hot busty girl bringing you your drinks!!!Not sure what the actual rooms cost per night but I got a package deal for airfare and hotel.  Anyway....I had a blast!!!
4	The Bellagio is a solid place to stay.  Probably the most solid place in Vegas.  There are MANY reasons to stay here.  If I had to choose one property on The Strip, this would be it because I have come back time and time again over the years and have never been disappointed.  I can't say that about other properties for one reason or another.Let me start by saying that there is one potential negative.  It is always busy/crowded.  Ok, maybe not at 4am when I usually lurk around looking for that paying slot machine, but during the day.  There are tons of hotel guests, show-goers, locals in the poker room, staff, tourists taking photos, and on and on.  This is the place to be...Ground Zero on The Las Vegas Strip, if you will.  That makes for a major potential positive.  I consider the location to be one of the biggest assets because you can pretty much walk to anything on The Strip.  You have access to the new City Center, opening soon.  You can cross the street and hit the "cheap" gambling halls like Bill's and O'Shea's.  Caesar's Palace is right next door, along with The Mirage, Paris, Planet Hollywood, Treasure Island, etc.  The list goes on and on.  The Bellagio is central.Having said that, I have also found The Bellagio to be a great place to spot celebrities, and I don't go the The Bank, the resident nightclub.  I am talking about on the elevators, which is where I seem to bump into people.  To date, I have ridden elevators with Andy Garcia, Amaya from The Real World, and Bam Margera.  I have also seen a wide variety of televised poker stars in the poker room.  That is an everyday thing.WIthin the property, there are a number of things to see and do.  The Fountains are the most obvious must-see attraction, but don't forget to see the Bellagio Conservatory and Botanical Gardens.  It is amazing, changes frequently, and never fails to impress.  While there, sneak around the corner and grab a dessert treat from John Philippe Patisserie.  You will love it, chocolate waterfall and all.  Also, be sure to see the Chihuly glass display in the lobby, as well as his retail store near the Conservatory.  There are a lot of high-end boutiques like Louis Vuitton and Bottega Veneta lining the halls if you want to drop some coin.  There are also a lot of nice restaurants, allbeit pricey ones.  Fix is good.  The spa is lovely, and has been renovated over the years.  I had a wonderful massage treatment there about 6 months ago.If you like gambling, this is a very nice place to play with higher stakes.  The poker room is large and nice.  The sports book is top-notch.  If you want to see the opposite of top-notch, hit The Tropicana.  The bartenders are very friendly and informative and the cocktail waitresses are among the best on The Strip.The basic rooms are very nice.  They are above average when compared to other basic rooms on The Strip.  They have nice built-in cabinets/wardrobes that feature flat-screen televisions, a nicely stocked mini-bar, iron and board, a safe, robes, slippers, full-length mirrors and the ability to close away all of your personal belongings.  This is a nice touch.  The beds are very comfortable, and the drapes are operated by electric motors with the flick of a switch.  The bathrooms have glass-enclosed showers and soaking tubs as well as his and hers sinks.  The only negative is that you can hear things in the hallways from these rooms.  Doors slamming, knock-knock-housekeeping, etc.  If you reserve this type of room, request to be in the main tower, preferably facing the fountains.If you move up to one of the suites, it becomes an entirely different ballgame.  The Grand Lakeview Suite (my personal favorite) is amazing.  To start, it is several thousand square feet situated right in the middle of the hotel, facing the water show.  In addition to that, it has two balconies that are accessible from the living room and both bedrooms.  The foyer is grand, with a powder bath.  The main living area, dining area for 10, and bar face out to The Strip and the water show.  Stunning!  The bedrooms are huge, have the pop-up tv's at the foot of the bed, and his and hers bathrooms.  Not his and hers sinks...bathrooms.  Each bathroom has a steam shower, a jacuzzi tub or something else.  There are tv's everywhere.  I had a funny thing happen once in this suite.  I ordered room service (which is really good here by the way) and when the delivery arrived, the gentleman seemed disappointed to see me.  He was very polite but said that he thought he was going to Ben Affleck's room.  Apparently, Ben was staying in the same suite as us two floors up.  I gave him a hard time for not being excited to see ME!The next step up (the top step) is into a private villa.  I am going to let you experience this one for youself.  They are special.  Think private gardens, private pools and original art special.  Too much to describe in a 5,000 word Yelp review.  If you are interested, email me.
3	This is a pretty firm hotel and the rooms are legit.  Some people have yelped about the lack of flat panel tvs in the room but I didn't have a problem with that.   The bathrooms were terrific, the water pressure is very strong and there is nice detail throughout - such as the marble tile.  The only downside to the hotel is the pool, which although attractively landscaped, doesn't have much going for it.  There are really only two pools to use, and they are both rather unspectacular rectangular lap type pools.  The other two pools have big fountains in the middle that make those pools mostly decorative.  The servers rarely come around and take your order poolside.  I was there this past weekend, at the pool on Sat and Sun, and no one came by to take my order.  Fuck, I can stay somewhere cheaper like the RIO and a hot girl is going to come around frequently and ask if I want a drink.  I get that this pool is "classy" but without regular bar service, I might as well be at a country club - not in Las Vegas.  Also, music poolside was horrendous.  It was a continuous mix of soft rock and shitty balads.   I don't want to hear Barry fucking Manilow in the middle of a Saturday in Las Vegas.   I'm in my late 30's but I'm not in adult diapers yet so please, music recorded in the last ten years as a mimimum.  In terms of "babes" at the pool, not so good.  I'm talking hotel guests.  Mostly older cougars and if you're a woman, good luck.  Lots of fat dudes and straight up losers.  Some bros but obviously they are probably at pools with attractive girls.  A decent selection of hot girls were to be found, but no doubt, they were looking for "clients" not a tan.  So if you can get past the retirement community vibe of the pool, this is a great place to stay.
3	Rooms are very nice and the maid service is great. Expected more from the restaurants there. The check in line is really long, so be prepared to wait. It is also the worst location for taxis to get in and out of. No coffee in rooms unless you get the butler service, I know that may sound a bit white trash, but I like my coffee right when I wake up. It seems to cater to the over 50 crowd, especially the pool - the music is the most annoying soft rock you could imagine. They should at least have one pool with a DJ that plays music you could dance to. I don't think I will stay there again, at least not for the next 25 years.
5	I wish I could LIVE at Bellagio...you know....call it home.  Everything about Bellagio is luxurious.  The pool, the rooms, the dining, the conservatory, the nightclubs, etc etc etc.  Bellagio opened in 1998, ten years ago, and by looking at the hotel you would never know it!  It's still just as beautiful and striking as opening day.Since there are a billion reviews of Bellagio on Yelp, I will comment on something not often reviewed.  The Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art is perhaps one of the best kept secrets about Bellagio.  This art gallery boasts some of the most beautiful works of art.  Most are traveling exhibitions, and the current exhibition is entitled, "Classic Contemporary," and features works by Lichtenstein and Warhol.  It's worth the $15 to experience the amazing Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art.
4	There's a reason the Bellagio has become synonymous with high end Vegas class (besides Clooney and Co.), and that's because this place delivers and impresses on almost every level.The hotel oozes elegance but in a subtle way that never tries to hit you over the head saying "WE'RE THE BEST AND CLASSIEST!  DROP ALL YOUR CASH HERE".  But it doesn't need to.  You'll be sold as soon as you walk past registration.  The casino floor is by far the most impressive I've seen on the strip.  Sure they have a cheesy assortment of slot machines that reek of tackiness, but when you get to the card tables, and the craps and roulette tables and the like, you'll be stunned how much nicer this place is than some of the other hotels.  In fact, you'll probably be embarrassed that you were ever seen at Harrah's or the Flamingo.The fountain and the conservatory are both worth mentioning, but Yelp has deigned that those are to be reviewed separately.  The only minus I could think of for this place is that its selection of restaurants, while impressive, can be beat by a few other spots on the Strip - notably the Venetian.  Not that Le Cirque is to be laughed at.All in all, the Bellagio stands tall as the pinnacle of wealth and class in Vegas.  Just the type of place you'd wanna grab your ten closest friends and... you know... knock off in an elaborate heist.
4	i love this hotel's exterior, interior, buffet, and playgrounds!!!however, this place is not a good place to gamble because too many high rollers gamble in this place. Don't play poker in here!!! they are all hustlers!!!eat, drink, and chill in bellagio but go to mirage for gambling.you can be the winner winner chicken dinner!!!
4	This is a very nice hotel. It is large without being TOO large a la Caesar's Palace or Venetian (although I love the Venetian). We stayed in the spa tower. Minus one star because the room, although beautiful and comfortable, was no larger than your standard generic hotel room (except the bathroom was large and beautiful). We did have an amazing view of the fountains and the strip. The pool area is gorgeous and relaxing....people are pretty quiet and laid back but I second the review about the most annoying soft rock music ever. Ugh. There were very few children at the pool and that was fantastic by itself. Free water coolers and cups were nice. The breakfast buffet, at $14.95, is the best value on the strip. It includes all your beverages and is huge and full of fresh food. You won't need to eat again until the evening. Minus a star for long concierge lines, sometimes I just wanted to ask a quick question but the line was always long. The place is pretty spotless. Easy and plentiful parking. I'd like to stay again. I didn't mind the lack of a "party scene" at the pool one bit. I came to relax, and relax I did.
5	Bellagio, Bellagio, Bellagio, I wish I could live in one of your rooms. The pool area is by far the best I've been to so far. I won over $100 playing the slots. The conservatory is amazing and a nice organic attraction. The Cirque show "O" was crazy! I watched the fountain show probably ten times during my short stay. Great location on the strip. Need I say more? Oh yeah, only gripe, PILLOWS! The pillows were too, too, too, soft. My brother, boyfriend, and Mom all agreed the pillows weren't good. Maybe it's just preference thing. I love the Bellagio and will return here someday, even if it shatters my bank.
4	Ate lunch here every single day we were in vegas...it's nice and breezy, by the pool but covered, so a nice reprieve from the sun. It's expensive, but it's the Bellagio so not exactly surprising.The olive egg salad sandwich is awesome, so is their Jalapeno Hot Dog. Charge it all to the room and just make sure you've had a drink or two before you check out.
5	By far the most elegant and gorgeous hotel on the Strip, complete with a bevy of dining and entertainment options ranging from casual dining, bars, and gelato to high-end designer stores, ultra fine dining, and a new and pretty chic nightclub, The Bank.  Everything is wrapped up in a style that really sets Bellagio apart from anything else in Vegas-the hotel, casino, etc. is designed in the spirit of the comune of Bellagio in Italy.  The staff is second to none, be it room service, the concierge, or the waitstaff at any of their restaurants.  The fountains in front have become Strip icons and synonymous with Las Vegas.  If you're looking for an experience that's a step above the rest of the Strip, look no further.
5	This is a very specific review. No comments on the hotel (posh) or the fountains (beautiful), rather a five star praise of casino dealer Sam. She works the $5 black jack table and is absolutely the best. If you are new to black jack, Sam is the best teacher. You may lose some money due to luck of the cards, but Sam won't let you make a stupid mistake and will patiently explain to you why you would hit on one hand and stay on the other. She's the best, make sure to tip her well.
3	Made a special trip inside to see the conservatory.  I really enjoyed it.  On the way back out, I plopped myself down at a $1 slot machine and put $40 in.  I played for about 25 minutes before I lost it all.   Never once saw a cocktail waitress anywhere nearby.  Slots are tight, and cocktail service is becoming almost non-existent in the slot areas at many of the casinos I visited.  They should do better if they want to bring guests back.  I heard on the news today that visitors to Vegas were down by 11.5% during the month of May.
4	Not the newest hotel on the block, but still a classy place. I love going in different seasons to see the conservatory change. This was our first stay there. What I like about this hotel on the strip is you don't have to fight for elevator space to get to your room. There was very little a time where we had to stop tons of times to get up or down.  The rooms are like any other nice hotel on the strip. The best part was getting a room with a view of the fountains. Other yelpers recommending getting to the pool early for preferred seating. I'd usually cabana it- but I don't think me and this baby bump could really be out there, so the best for us was to get in before 9am and find a spot with either an umbrella or shade trees. The small pools with the fountain have COLD water. The larger pools are warmer.  The cabanas look pretty but i think you should get one near a pool and have equal amounts of sun for the loungers and shade with the cabana. If you've ever stayed at the MGM lazy river filled with gobs of beer bottles and washed off suntan lotion, you will be happy here...with a mix of hotties, oldies, cougars, and kids.Good location on the strip and good service and less funky people...if that makes sense but i'm not spelling that out (cough) excalibur (cough)
1	My first time staying at the Bellagio and now my last.Took over 10 minutes to get the attention of a bell hop and over 30 minutes to get bags from the bell hop up to our room...would never happen at the Venetian.Ice machine broke after not even filling one bucket with ice...would never happen at the Venetian.They wanted to charge us $20/day to have a refrigerator placed into our $1000/night suite...would never happen at the Venetian.They wanted to charge us $2.50 for every shot glass extra over 6 for our $1000/night suite...would never happen at the Venetian.They would only let us take 2 waters at a time out of the VIP lounge (which is tap water bottled in Ontario, California)...would never happen at the Venetian.They refused to give us late checkout on a Sunday...would never happen at the Venetian.MacCellan 18 is considered a comp...would never happen at the Venetian.Never again!  Bellagio can keep relying on its fame to keep tourists coming, but I've had much better experiences at Venetian and even Wynn.  Service was poor for such a highly rated establishment.  I shared my preference for Venetian with one of the staff workers as I was leaving and she agreed with me that Venetian was awesome!  High rollers will enjoy Wynn better and younger crowd will enjoy Venetian better.  And to cap it off, I never, ever win when I'm at Bellagio :(But 1 star for the steam shower.  I haven't seen that at Venetian or Wynn.  Very nice.
5	Very nice room, and very up to date and classy atmosphere, an aristocratic (esque) place. really cool watershow. we had a front room on the stip so we could watch it at night from our rooms. (sweet) 4-5 pools, alot of space and they had a fountain of chocolate (really sweet)
5	Really loved this place. Unfortunately, this place was a little out of my price range (see review for Circus Circus). I came here to check out the gambling, buffet and the fountain show. I was not disappointed by any of them. Buffet (see review for Bellagio Buffet) was superb. Any kind of food you wanted was here. Like most other people though, I was not happy with the cold, watery crab legs they serve here. The fountain show is one of the best attractions here. Think they start everyday at 7:30. Really nice to watch and it only takes up about 5-10 minutes of your time. Definitely one of the things you have to check out while in Vegas. The gambling is what I enjoyed the most. Most of casinos here are cramped with everything packed close together. The casino floors here are spacious and wide open with all the usualy ammenities one expects from a top tier resort.
1	We had a partial lake view room in the spa tower.....The Good.....1. Beautiful common areas2. Free3. The amenities rocked!!  In addition to the normal stuff, they also included hairspray, a toothbrush, bath salts and a loofa. (I am not sure if we were given extra stuff because we were on a suite floor or if this is usual)4. The Buffet (Yum!!)5. View of Paris from our room at night was stunning6. Fountain show7. (Steam) shower was large and had good water pressure8. Bose clock radioThe Bad.....1. Crowded common areas2. The room we reserved was sold out so we were downgraded3. Customer service was a little suspect; none of the employees went out of thier way to smile or be helpful 4. The view of City Center from our room.  Yuck!!5. The room in the spa tower had two beds and one chair.  Only one of us could sit and watch the lake show at a time comfortably.  Seriously, could they not have put a second chair in the room?6. The toilet faces the shower and there isn't that much space between the two. This seemed like a bad layout.7. They piled the pillows in shams and the duvets that they (probably) use on the beds in the room.  (This is where the extra chairs should have been.) They never actually made the bed with these items durring our stay.  8. Television was small, had bad sound and was dated - 27 inch rear projection.  Overall, I don't think we would pay to stay in this hotel because we always felt that we were an after thought. We stayed at GVR and Palazzo during this trip and thought that there rooms were much nicer in those two hotels and we were treated much more kindly at both of those hotels.
5	I'm spoiled rotten. Where do spoiled rotten people go to enjoy themselves away from the privacy of their own home? The Bellagio. It's one of the nicest hotel's in the whole world. How many places can say that? It has more quality diverse dining than anywhere else in Las Vegas. Nothing about the Bellagio is overlooked in your stay, the room service is to die for. I'm so addicted to the Bellagio waffle and freshly squeezed orange juice. If you wanna go out to eat you have Fix, Yellowtail, Noodles, Sensi, Prime, Micheal Mina, and so much more.I could spend days outside in the pool, it feels like you are in a castle. Yummy strawberry mojitos. Warm towels and Evian spritzers. I feel so much relaxation there, almost a sleep like coma. Definitely good for my tan.Shopping, shit. If I won the lottery I will move into the Bellagio faster than you can say 'congratulations.' There's a lifetime of shopping, Chanel, Gucci, YSL, and so much more! The rooms here are off the chain. Amazing views in the executive suite, the spa tower is large and luxurious. Everything inch of this place is grand, fabulous, all around Italian Palace that still feels like home. Watch an unreal show like"O". If you decide you wanna get a nightcap, go to the Carmel lounge drink some whiskey or aged tequila.  Get even crazier at The Bank nightclub! I think I might even get married here someday, I love it that much.P.S Look in the Bellagio Poker Room, you might see my boyfriend Adam playing. Stop bye, have a drink.
5	Bellagio hotel is one of the nicest hotels in Vegas. I have stayed here a few times, and my most recent stay was last week. The staff continue to be very attentive and wonderful. Reserving a lakeview room or a one or two bedroom suite that overlooks the lake is a plus! The pools are dreamy and gorgeous, and you do need to get out there pretty early on the weekends to get a lounge chair. The hotel also has a wonderful art gallery (Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art), a great selection of restaurants (Circo, Fix, Yellowtail, etc) and wonderful shopping. Their show "O" is pretty amazing also- that is a must see! It's just a very classy, upscale place and one of the best places to stay at!
5	one of the best if not the best hotel in las vegas for luxury and class... lemme tell you what i like about bellagio1. the Baccarrat Bar.... i dont mean to drink, i mean the actual high limit room. i love playing baccarrat here. they have screens and the pit bosses and dealers are very friendly.2. the baccarrat/highlimit lounge... this baccarrat lounge serves the best food out of all the casino high limit rooms! they have chocolate covered strawberries which are dipped in godiva and the orange juice is to die for. also the bone soup is very good too. this is all complimentary if you play at bellagio, so if i get hungry... this is where i go. also they have food served from NOODLES right next door.3. Shopping - this is one of the only casino's that has chanel besides the wynn. If you are a big player here, on promo weekends you can get fat shopping sprees to any of the stores in bellagios luxury promenade. they have all my favorite stores, i love this place.4. the rooms - they are all clean and all have suite appeal, they are pretty average, but still classy.5. location - bellagio is in the middle of everything....this casino is beautiful and the food here is really good. i also had the sea bass w/ rissotto in the room which was the best i have ever had!
2	Ok...The Bellagio is VERY NICE...no doubt. However, with all the amenities (rooms, lounge, The Bank, buffet, etc...) and the great placement on the strip, The Bellagio doesn't stack up to other comparable hotel/casinos in Vegas. I went to the Bellagio last time I was in Vegas because I generally had frequented the Venetian, which was always great, but I was eager to try other higher end hotels in America's playground...so I went here (to The Bellagio). Let's, run through it shall we...We get there, our room is nice, but not as nice as the Venetian (and smaller) and the AC was not working. To add to our experience, there was a moldy sandwich in our fridge! We called to have all this stuff taken care of and no one did! I know this an unusual experience, and that's way I'm not going to totally ridicule The Bellagio...after all; they must be doing something right to be such a success.  Anyways, so when we check out at the end of the weekend, we told them of our problems and they comp'd only 50 bucks...even after we dropped a bunch of bills in the place and they managed to forget to clean up the moldy sandwich they left in the fridge after three phone calls to customer service from our room. Basically, ignoring my unusually bad experience with customer care, The Bellagio is a nice resort. However,  soooo many hotels are a lot more fun, more lavish, and LESS EXPENSIVE than The Bellagio. Feel free to try this place out, but I definitely recommend you check out the other power-house hotels first before you come here.
1	If you like a grandiose setting this is easily 5 stars. However if you want service minus 5 stars. Getting around this monstrosity is a chore no maps or directions. Some examples: My my wife forgot to leave at tip for the maid guess what linen not changed, wastepaper basket not emptied ,bathtub and surfaces not cleaned. Non allergic pillows not in room as requested. After several requests they finally said they would bring the pillows. we went to dinner when we cam back still not pillows. Housekeeping stated could not change unless we were in the room again the tip. In the restaurant my wife was called a Jap. A number of other irritants made me feel that this hotel for those who like long lines, lots of people and palace like setting.
5	Pro: Business line for faster check in, wonderful in house service, good view of the pool, you really don't have to leave the place, seasonal garden, good clean air on the floor, gelatos and chocolate!Con: Parking entrence is too far from room entrence. Freaking retarded Chinese tourist.Our room was messy when we went in, after calling the front desk, we got bumped to a suite with major in house credit to our room. The suite is absolutely amazing by the size and small little touch they put into the bathroom. With this economy, you can get a room there for as low as $70 a night... just wish they can do that for CES time.
4	I loved staying here. Super nice rooms, amazing service, great pool. It's definitely an older crowd, but still really nice. I love gambling here, too. It's just so pretty. Steve Wynn is a mastermind.
4	I'm not one for Vegas.  It's bunch of glitz and glamour and lights, lacking any kind of culture. The city is there to take your money.  With that said, if you're gonna go, might as well go in style and the Bellagio is the place to be.  A few years ago, my friend got married in Vegas and had his reception at the Bellagio.  The ambiance was great, and the food was very tasty.
5	I love this hotel. I have stayed there twice. The hotel is amazing. The accommodations are always wonderful. The lobby is gorgeous, when not over crowded. The botanical gardens are amazing.We spent a full day at the Bellagio spa. The spa is only available to people staying at the hotel, so it wasn't a problem booking our treatments. I've been to a few spas, but the Bellagio spa is by far the best and largest I've been to. I would definitely go back just for the vichy shower and relaxation rooms. I had a vichy shower, sea weed body wrap, facial, manicure, and pedicure. All of the services were excellent.Our room was wonderful. We had a great view of the fountains and if you have never stayed at the Bellagio, get a room facing the fountains because there is a music channel on the TV that goes with the choreography of the fountains. It was always so nice to come home to that in the evening.Cirque du Soleil's "O" is at the Bellagio, and when you book your room, ask for tickets to the show. There is a reserved section in the audience just for hotel guests. You have to pay for the tickets, of course, but they are awesome seats.The pools are only accessed by hotel guests, so you don't have lots of people walking through there.The restaurants are great, especially the low priced "Noodles". The dim sum there is great!! Picasso has a wonderful menu and a great view of the fountains. We sat next to Tony Curtis when we were there in May.Make sure to venture over to see the chocolate fountain at the crepe place. It's definitely worth seeing. The crepes there are great too.Everything about this hotel is great. The check in/out process can be a bit slow, but everything else is top notch. I've stayed at the Venetian and it's just not as good as the Bellagio.
5	Pros: - Quick check in (because we arrived at 10pm)- Excellent housecleaning - Gorgeous fountain show (best at night with the different lights)- Botanic Garden - Pool (only for hotel guest... I didn't actually use this because we went in July, so I wanted to stay indoor with the air conditioner than in the scorching heat),- Chocolate fountain at the Crepe- Excellent food at the Buffet ( I went to Wynn for buffet, and the price at Bellagio is slightly cheaper than the buffet at Wynn. More selection of food than at Wynn!)Cons:- Long lines at check out!- 27" (not flat screen tv)--------------Overall, it was a beautiful hotel with many to see. We stayed here for four days, and services were excellent. The hotel is also right in the middle of the strip, so you can save a lot of walking from one end to the other. We stayed at the spa tower and had the view of Eiffel Tower and the fountain. The room was big (est. 600 sq ft), huge bathroom, and comfy bed! Even though we did not stay in the room that is facing directly at the fountain, we were still able to see a portion of the fountain. Night view of the strip is gorgeous from the hotel. Definitely will stay there again!
5	what can i say about this hotel but wow!!  Great service, great casino, great food, great room. Get the lakeview room, its amazing watching the fountains from your room. You got to try and stay here just once in your life.
1	Never cared for this joint. Full of Guidos (Tony, Joey or Pauly) all doing their fiercest Tony Soprano impersonation. I haven't seen this much BIG hair on the ladies since 1987. Love that blue eye shadow Teresa!Great view of the fountains from the Aladdin (Planet Hollywood-yuk!) though so I suppose it has some redeeming qualities. The fountain is the only one that comes to mind at this juncture. I always wonder if some of these sycophantic reviews are post by employees or stockholders! Perhaps it's just that I've seen behind the curtain to behold the wizard.Perhaps it's that I don't swoop into town hoping to defile myself and others in a drug and alcohol crazed marathon blowing the kiddos' college money on coke and hookers then slither back home hoping the wife doesn't notice the various oozing sores and pustules on my nethers.  You decide for yourself but take hand sanitizer at the very least. I'm so over this town.
5	This hotel really is as good as it gets!  My friend took me to Vegas to celebrate her 30th B-day...her entire family are high rollers so I got to tag along to a VIP experience at the Bellagio that I will never ever forget... From the pick up by a tuxedo wearing cute driver picking us up from the airport via limo, to being swept away bypassing the horrifying check in stations to the VIP lounge where we were treated to chocolate covered strawberries, and being hosted to our Suite up on a private high roller floor at the Bellagio, i was enchanted... i spent three nights and four days wondering if I would ever want to come back without this VIP treatment to Vegas...because VIP in Vegas is like being Royalty... i loved the spa treatments in there beautiful spa, which takes up the entire floor, laying out in our Cabanas each day to our pool guy who brought us breakfast and snacks everyday, massages in our private cabanas?  to DIE for!!  couldn't have asked for better service... the dinners each day at the Bellagio which I will review separately because they were all that great, WAS AMAZING!  Lastly, THE SHOW in town "O" was magical.  I couldn't have asked for more...the saddest part was when leaving in the limo...thinking I could stay here another WEEK! AH!!!! love it...Bellagio hands down the best service in town~
5	I have two favorite hotels in Vegas and they are purely for superficial reasons... they are beautiful. The Bellagio hotel is just that, beautiful. The lobby alone is striking with 2,000 dynamic hand-blown glass flowers from Chihuly himself on the ceiling just peering out at you. The Bellagio has their very own Conservatory and Botanical Garden which they change up for the holidays and seasons it is one of my favorite exhibits. On top of their shows like Cirque Du Soleil they have art exhibits, and now an exhibit dedicated to the sculpture, drawings, and art by Richard MacDonald. Of course let's not forget the always entertaining musical fountain which is always a crowd pleaser, water dancing cleverly to a concert of opera, classical and Broadway tunes.I haven't had the pleasure of staying in any of their rooms but maybe next time.
4	Stayed here last week in a suite on the 29th floor...needless to say very nice accommodations, absolutely fantastic view looking directly over the fountains.  The conservatory and gardens were fun to walk thru and look at but short lived.  The Andy Warhol and friends display added a nice touch to the lobby and throughout the interior and the Jean-Philippe patisserre shop was delicious! Lastly but not least, the VIP reception room was my favorite part of staying here (until they let children in).
5	I am one of the Vegas "Low Rollers."My philosophy on trips to Vegas is to have as much quality fun as possible on as little money as possible.So for that philosophy, I have not stayed at the Bellagio until this summer when they made the rates so very reasonable.I glad they did ....What an absolute great experience.As a "low roller," I got to experience the vegas experience as a "high roller."First, there are no other hotels on the strip that have a comperable to the collective beauty of the lobby, the atrium and the casino of the Bellagio.Second, there is no more romantic experience than watching the fountains of the Bellagio under the pines and listening to Andea Bocelli.It does not get better than that ......One of the really enjoyable aspects of the casino is their drink service. Most casinos bring you watered downdrinks in small glasses. The Bellagio brings drinks just as you would get in the lounge and they come in glasses that are reasonable in size.... I asked for a gin and tonic and the server asked if I wanted it made with Tanqueray. I am not sure what the well gin is for most casinos, but I expect that it is not Tanqueray.What an amazing choice of enjoyable venues for lunch and dinner.Once again, the summer tasting menus made eating affordable.An excellent lunch at Olives was something I did not expect to do while in Vegas.The Cirque du Soleil evening show, "O" is the best in vegas. There is an amazing sculpture collection of Richard MacDonald in the lobby of the theater.Art abounds everywhere in the hotel and casino.The shopping is upscale, an amazing set of boutiquesFinally, the five pool swimming area is just an expression of class.They have fountains in the center, the architecture is amazing.I understand that two of the pools are heated or warmed, but the pool I used was very nicely cooled due to the heat of the summer.A wonderful afternoon experience.The hotel staff was very friendly and provided me an excellent room that helped make this a special summer visit.The Bellagio is on of the crown jewels of the strip. I feel fortunate ..... to be able to finally experience all the resort has to offer.
5	I don't ever stay at the bellagio when i got to vegas, and damn have i been messing up. I got a salon suite for the gf bday. The suite was awesome and had a awesome view of the strip. I would reccommend you staying there.
5	Amazing hotel!!! My fiance and I came to celebrate out b-days. The staff was friendly and very helpful. The room was beautiful. We didn't have a view of the fountains but we had a great view of the beautiful pools. Our room was cleaned twice, which is a little annoying if you're sleeping in but it's great to know everything is clean. If it matters to anyone, the halls are pretty quiet so after long nights of partying you can catch up on your zzz.All in all, the Bellagio is worth the money.
4	I sure in hell can't afford to stay at this fancy place! However, I will give 4 stars for the water show..Amazing and free! :)
3	The regular rooms are a bit smaller than other hotels that I've stayed in.  Try to request for upper floors and away from the main building.  It could get pretty noisy.
3	i guess i've been spoiled by the peninsula and other five star hotels but i was underwhelmed at bellagio. food choices not as good as other hotels. half the things in my room were not working, such as the light. DON'T REMOVE DRINKS or even take them out from the minibar because they just automatically charge u once u touch them. seriously..they didn't even give my shower gel...i had to buy my own. they charge for wireless...wtf....the decor is really dull and boring. there are ilke NO LIGHTS in the room...only bedside lights. they charge u for EVERYTHING...wireless, asking for some water, etc...and for the fact that i'm staying there i would expect some place where guests can hang out indoors and check out the fountains but nope...nowhere for their guests to see the fountains inside unless u have fountain side rooms. would never go back...only to see the conservatory and have some pastries from jean phillippe. save ur money and go somewhere else.
4	I've been to Vegas many times and each time, I stay at a different hotel, but the Bellagio is very memorable. The lobby can get pretty noisy but there's so many options for activities and it's just a beautiful hotel. The water show is also fun to stand and stare.The restaurants Jasmine and Olive were actually rather good and great views of the water show as well. We were seated right by this gigantic window. I'm also a fan of the hand blown glass in the lobby.
4	Very nice hotel. The rooms are very nice, but for the same price I thought the rooms at Venetian was better. Staff is very friendly. Was able to upgrade for free to a fountain-view room and they even gave me complimentary line passes to the Bellagio buffet.
3	Note: This review is strictly about the hotel room I stayed in.I was quite excited to finally get to stay at the Bellagio but was a bit disappointed.  The room was rather small and I had a fabulous view of the building generators.  Lucky me.  Beware - if you get an odd-numbered room in the spa tower, you will not get a view of the strip.  PRAY FOR AN EVEN-NUMBERED ROOM.I did not appreciate that my hair-dryer would not turn on periodically and the toilet paper roll tube thingy would constantly pop out.  To my horror, I also only got a few good TV channels.  I was pissed that there was no MTV, VH1, Bravo, or Food Network.  So not cool.  Also, the shampoo and conditioner left my hair all tangled.  Although, I really liked the olive lotion.  Oh yeah, the internet connection was crappy.  I however really enjoyed my in-dining experience.  I had the breakfast wrap with scrambled eggs, rice and refried beans.  YUM!  And the orange juice was truly FRESH squeezed.  I felt like a princess having breakfast in my wonderfully comfortable king-size bed.All in all, I would recommend staying at the Venetian/Palazzo instead.  You get a huge suite for probably cheaper...with a TV in the living area, bed area, and bathroom.  lol.  The Bellagio totally did not compare although it is a BEAUTIFUL hotel.  I love walking through it, but I would only want to stay there again if I got a nicer room.
5	As far as I'm concerned, this is the most gorgeous hotel in Las Vegas. I walked through here a lot (through the botanical garden type area, loved that, as well as all the decor and the gorgeous chihuly glass ceiling) and visited the world's largest chocolate fountain. It's pretty darn incredible! I hope to one day stay in the Bellagio because I imagine the rooms are immaculate & everything is perfect. I hope to God this is true, haha. The fountain & lights display out front is great too. I'm sad I never saw it all the way through, but hopefully next time. Rock on, Bellagio. I hope to one day grace one of your guest rooms with my presence. Until then...
4	MMmm gelato for breakfast lunch and dinner anyone?? Just knowing that it was right around the corner ever sooo conveniently next to the elevators was awesome!! The rooms were nice and the restroom was spacious enough. Elevators open right when you press the button so no need to wait 5-10 minutes. Cafe Bellagio was always opened and pretty quick with bringing out the food. Pools were clean and spacious. The type of people that stayed there weren't obnoxious either. Great place to stay.
3	Bellagio is a gorgeous hotel. The lobby and decor are amazing. The room leaves a bit more to be desired in such an opulent setting. I felt a bit cheated since everything that I saw before we got into the room was over the top beautiful. Since our flight was really delayed, we checked in during the wee hours of the night. Valet service wasn't offered to us so we schlepped our luggage on our own. Then we were placed on a smoking floor - even though I asked for non-smoking. By the time we made the long walk to our room - I had no energy to go back and change out rooms - so I sucked it up. Once in the room - you can see where time has had taken it's toll on what was once a beautiful room. Wallpaper was peeling off the wall and there was mildew in the shower. Seriously - I don't have mildew at home, so why should I have to pay several hundred dollars a night to stay somewhere where there is mildew in the shower. My hubby calls me a bit picky and I probably am. But seriously, with all the hotel choices in Vegas - I'd rather stay somewhere cleaner. Sorry Bellagio, we like gambling in your casino and walking around your beautiful lobby and conservatory, but your rooms leave more to be desired.
5	Yes, expensive, pay your money and experience vegas as never before, probubly the best hotel in vegas of course people have different and although this isnt my number 1 it is fairly closs, my cousins stayed here once, and i was at another hotel so i visited for a little while, it is truly what people say it is, grand and beautiful!!TFR
4	4 1/2 Stars for Billagio!  My highest rating so far.I stayed there for free on the 40st floor, I must say, this is one of the most relaxing vacations in Vegas! Rooms - great, specious, beds were beyond comfortable, bathroom was huge as well. Pillows were so good, I actually grabbed few home! (I Paid)Buffet - Pricey but very good! Service -  was nice, yet, they carded me every 5 min.I felt harassed! Yes I was 17! but my "international" DL worked well!Cleanliness - Spotless, always smells good (they put air fresheners inside of the central AC, actually there's a company which provides an individual copyrighted fragrance to each hotel).Public - Defiantly way more upscale, somewhat on the older side, more dressy couples & Asian people, I don't know which but Asian. I love Asian people! I love all people!Spa - was great seeing totally nude men in an American spa.No I'm not a pervert, but I think men should unite & stop being weird about nudity!- They had a fridge right near the jacuzzi filled with ice cold water, coke, red bulls & V8 cans, All for FREE, which felt great drinking while cooking my butt in that hot tub!As a teenager I did not have boundaries (or may be b/c I'm Israeli but that's another story) so I grabbed like 12 red bulls & 5 V8 cans... It's free (Hey I payed to get in!). A lil self humor.A big jacuzzi, 2 saunas, wet & dry, nice exchange rooms, got a rope.Caesars is way nicer though.The hotel guests are being charged for spa which is wrong in my opinion! Entrance should be free if you're a guest! Specially for boys my age who came to gamble & waist all of their money on strippers, cheap drinks, slot machines & happy endings in this nasty awesome city!!Themes / special attractions - The fountain is breathtaking, specially when its dark, indescribable!Gotta check it out but you don't need to stay here for that.The flower garden - Is really pretty, it's a garden in a closed area near the lobby, put together in a very organized neat way, flowers comes in many kinds & colours. Very interesting.For 10 minuets.Bottom line, come here if you are filthy rich & over 40yo (if younger go to the Wynn or Venetian), you're old loaded schmuck.Or stay if it's free.This place is more mellow & less crazy, yet wealthy & classier. So if you don't want too much going on & don't wanna take a vacation from your vacation, come here.Y$ll$ bye!
4	Great customer service, beautiful hotel design, great location on the strip.  The rooms are a little smaller than I care for, but I have stayed here a number of times regardless.  I usually stay at the Palazzo properties, but this would be my next choice if I could not...If you can swing upgrading to a room facing the fountains it's always fun to watch the show.
1	NEVER AGAIN!!! Nor will I recommend this hotel to a client. From the moment we checked in, it went downhill from there. The service upon check in was horrible. We dragged, rolled and carried our luggage miles from the parking structure to the lobby to be treated as though we were part of a cattle call. We barely had our luggage in the door of the room, door wasn't even shut and there was a housekeeper asking if we had towels, I wouldn't know haven't been in the bathroom yet.. I guess I should have dropped my bags to check as later I found we had no washcloth's or hand towels, ooops. Our bathroom door squeeked so loud I bet the entire wing could hear it, in the middle of the night our sink pipes started bubbling and creaking,. Had to close the drain, close the bathroom door and put in ear plugs to be able to sleep, not only that, two lights in the bathroom were burned out, I just don't understand the lack of service in what was once a beautiful hotel. Beware! The in room internet fees are $14.99 for a 24 hour period. There is no quick place to grab a light breakfast. I wanted to use the gym only to find there is a daily $25 fee, unless I wanted to book an overpriced spa treatment then the gym fee is waived. We were booked into the hotel for 3 nights. I was then made aware that MGM/Mirage was considering selling either Bellagio or Mirage due to financial issues and Steve Wynn was interested in buying Bellagio back. Please MGM/MIrage, sell it back NOW! Bellagio would then be a great hotel once again! Staying onenight at the hotel was one night to many so, we checked out and made our way back to the hotel where we stayed the previous night, life was then good for the remaining 2 nights. See my review on the Embassy Suites Convention Center.
5	I knew that 60-70% of the visitors at the Bellagio are repeat customers, and I can understand why. I was in the Travel business for many years.While there on a business trip you can sample the better things in life. You have your own private Butler serving you Cristal Champagne or your other drinks of choice and whatever appetizers or any food for that matter that you are craving at the moment.  This is indeed the good life.If you are in Vegas stay where you feel like its "Vegas" Business trip V Town Style...........Adam Vincent GilmerThe Gilmer Files, Travelogia
2	The Bellagio is pretentious, stuffy, and over rated! Yes, it is beautiful inside and yes, it does have one of the best buffets ever. I still think that even though I almost died one night from their lobster! But other than that and the fountain, I'm really missing what they have to offer. I  only stay  here often because they give us a free room every 5 minutes. The rooms suck. Why would I stay in their tiny room when I know of several other hotels that offer suites as their standard room!!!! For a view of the stupid fountain? And lets have a bunch of $25-100 tables sit empty and not offer any lower limit games, because that would be too lowly for snooty Bellagio! Venitian and The Hotel are way better! Wynn can suck it too though!
5	***200th Review!***My husband had never been to Vegas before, so what do I do?  Book a room at the most beautiful hotel in the city!I was lucky enough to find a deal for $104 per night and was sold.  The Bellagio really is first class all the way.  From the helpful staff to the sophisticated room to all of the amenities, what more could a person want?Here are some highlights:-Free upgrade to a room overlooking the fountain show. -Delicious breakfast buffet that we didn't even have to wait in line for (we were hand chosen since we were a party of two and willing to sit at the bar).-Gorgeous pool area.  A strawberry daiquiri is a must.-The house band at the Fontana Bar.  What can I say?  I love cover bands.-The atrium.-Jean Philippe Patisserie!  I said that with my horrible French accent about 147 times.-Automatic toilets in the lobby that actually give you a chance to wipe.-And the best part?  Staying in a hotel that most people can only gamble at!
2	This hotel is a beautiful hotel, but what really has caused be to give it a 2 is the state of the bathroom. The sink was cracked and there was mould on the grout between the tiles in the shower as well as on the shower head.. Disgusting. I was in room 519 which is on the 5th floor. I had booked another room for other in my party, room 504 and that had bathroom related problems as well. Other than that the rooms and the hotel were great.One tip, if you plan on having breakfast in the hotel, do the breakfast buffet.. it ends up being cheaper than the a-la-carte breakfast restaurant near the conservatory.Also, the pool is definitely not kid-friendly. It is very quiet and 99% of guest sun-bathing and people watching. No jumping, and screaming etc in the pool. So if you have young kids, stay away from the Bellagio.
5	Beautiful Bellagio!!!The room we stayed in was spacious and very, very clean. The furnishings had a modern touch. Bellagio staff were ALL professional, wonderful and friendly. The valet staff were fast and efficient. You can even call from your room to get your car ready. Everytime I call the front desk, housekeeping, concierge and valet. Whoever receives my call always acknowledge my name..."Good morning, Ms._____, how can I help you?" They always made sure they are polite when they answer my call. AWESOME! FABULOUS! AWESOME!I do agree with the other Yelpers about the housekeeping staff. They do a very good job ALL THE TIME. They clean our room twice a day and they always do a fabulous job! The bedsheets and pillows were so comfortable to sleep on.  I made sure to leave the housekeeper a tip everyday.One night I wanted to use the bath tub but there were no bubble bath soap around so I called the houseekeeping office and I spoke to a lady staff, she told me that she'll send me some bath salt. After 10 minutes, a housekeeping staff brought me a little bag of toiletries, including bath salts for my bath. AWESOME!Bellagio fountains were amazing to watch. I don't get tired watching it everynight.Cirque de Soleil "O" was a must see show!Checking in and out was very easy, they have a huge front desk to easily accomodate everyone. You can even check out from your room via the TV. But I chose to check out in the front desk because I wanted to have a receipt.Slippers were also complimentary!  Yehey!!!Bellagio is definitely one of the most beautiful hotel I had stayed in the Las Vegas strip!Bravo Bellagio!
5	What a wonderful place to stay at!The price were so reasonable during the week, the service was fantastic, and the bedroom was large, with plush bathroom and spacious closets. Every little details were well thought and executed (toiletries, robes & slippers, well-lit full length mirrors, turn down service and many more).Our room had the view of the Fountain Show and we could listen to the music on our tv so we didn't even have to go downstairs with the rest of the crowd. Bellagio also has many good restaurants to eat at, and not to mention the best Cirque du Soleil show "O".  This was my best stay in Vegas ever!
5	Just returned from our 4th stay at the Bellagio.  I do love this hotel.  I do not know if its because of the economy or what but we got a terrific rate for our stay in October.  We always stay in one of the 1 bedroom President's Suite.  This stay, it was $399 a nite!!!  At over 1500 sf, this is a great room.  This room, this stay, was on the back side looking out at the Rio and The Palms hotel with the gorgeous mountains in the background.  I tend to keep all the draperies open so at night the lights illuminate the room and in the morning, the sun coming up on the mountains is great.  Although I complained to myself this time for not booking the room on the fountain side, I actually prefer this because the fountains are loud and can bother you after you see them the first few times.The President's Suites are furnished in purple and gold tones.  When you walk in, you have a foyer with a 1/2 bath on one side and entrance to the wet bar on the other side.  The front side of the wetbar has 4 barstools. It is a mini kitchen with cabinetry, refridgerators, sink, etc.  This overlooks the dining area (table for 4) as well as the living area which has a full size sofa and two chairs, huge flat screen TV.  The whole wall is windows.  In the bedroom is the most comfortable king bed.  The bedroom is on the end of the hotel so the windows wrap around the room.  There is a TV that comes out of the console at the foot of the bed.  Only a slight problem (which is insignificant to me), its hard to operate the remote while lying down.  There are his and her bathrooms and closets off the bedroom.  My bathroom had a huge jacuzzi tub that overlooked the mountains.  Flat screens in each bathroom.  My husband's bathroom had a huge steam shower.New since about January 09 is that when you stay in the Suites, you have VIP access.  You have complimentary transportation to and from the airport via a stretch limo.  There is also a few food presentations in the VIP suites room (wine, cookies, choc covered straberries, etc).  We always forgot to take advantage of this - but it is a really nice amenity and its secluded.  The VIP concierge took care of all our reservations and we always went right to the front of the line in many of the food establishments at the Bellagio as well as ease for reservations for last minute dinner choices.  We are already planning next year's trip (my husband attends a yearly conference)....next year I plan on hosting a private party in our room for business associates which the Bellagio staff said will of course be , "no problem".  Oh, and the housekeeping is AWESOME. Very attentive!!!!One last review of the pools.  They are my favorite.  There are a bunch of pools - finding an open chair is hard if arriving after noon or so.  I've found it best to find one of the pool attendants and giving him a tip to find the best location where he will bring the chair(s) over and set them up.  Its worth it as to not waste time walking from pool to pool to find one chair or two.  We usually get a cabana for one of our days there.  You have to book this before and its not guaranteed as the high rollers have first pick of them as they are comped.  However, we have always gotten one - you will know by 8:30 am the day of.  The cost is $400 for the day.  What is great is that when you check in between 9 and 10 at the cabana, if your cabana is in the shade, ask your cabana attendant to reserve some beach chairs in the sun - they will go and set them up and put reserved signs on them.  This was just terrific.  The cabanas have a flat screen TV as well as fruit and beverages in them.  It was great to take breaks in there when you had to get out of the sun or have lunch.  My husband watched football and enjoyed lunch at the table (seats 4) and there is also a sofa in there.  Outside the cabanas are usually 4 private chaise lounges.
4	The only reason you want to stay in this hotel is to enjoy the Fountain Show from you room. Other then that, this is just an average hotel. I didn't find any difference between this hotel and any Marriott/Hilton chains. Rooms are old, dark, and average. But the fountain show from the room is priceless :-)
4	This was the first place we ate after checking into the hotel - we quickly changed to go swimming and (since we were starting to lose sun) decided to eat at the cafe. At first I was shocked at the super high prices...then realized we were in Vegas now (and in the Bellagio no less), so I guess $10 for a hot dog isn't so bad... okay, it's highway robbery, but since it was one of tastiest I've had in a long time, my rating sticks at 4 stars. We ordered at the front desk, found a place to sit by the pool and picked up our order after ten minutes - charged to the room... so convenient because we didn't even have to bring money (needed ID though to order alcohol). Their jalapeno hot dog was amazing. It was bigger than a costco dog and the bread...the bread contained little jalapenos - not hot at all...just there for flavor, but that flavor was so good. Even when I could tell the bread was a little older because it was a little stiff, it still tasted great. My wife had the chips with all sorts of dip...maybe it was like a three layer dealy, but the beans, salsa and guacamole came in separate containers - but she kept raving about it too. Oh, and extra kudos to the cafe or just the pool area in general to serve Blue Moon. Seriously, I usually never order beer in Vegas because they always just have the whatever domestic stuff. Good experience and would be five stars if each dish went down by $5.
4	For my first trip to Las Vegas, my boyfriend and I decided to stay at the Bellagio. I had read really great reviews, and really bad reviews, so I didn't really know what to expect.I loved staying here. Check in was fast; our room was ready at 11am. We had a partial lakeview on the 25th floor in the spa tower that had a great view of pretty much the whole fountain show and the strip. The room was updated, except for the tv, but I wasn't there to watch tv anyways. The bathroom was nice-stone counters and floors, seperate soaking tub and shower. The bed was one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. Loved the motorized blackout drapes; if only I could install them in our apartment.The service was really great. Every employee we encountered asked if we needed something, especially room service. I enjoyed the casino a lot as well, it had a nice variety of slots and table games. Something we  were disappointed in was the selection of late night eating. They have the Cafe Bellagio, but it is sit down and at 3am you just want quick eats. Thank god for the 24 newstand shop and its selection of chips and candy...ok and selection of alcohol too.We will definitely stay here again in the future.
4	There was a lot of sinning going on all over the bachlorette weekend we attended, but the classy Bellagio really helped us do it right. Chihuly art in the Lobby, a plethora of good restaurants, one of the nicests spas I've been to, many pools to choose from, the decadent fountains which we could see from our room (which you can set to music by finding the hotel's station on the tv), and some awesome restaurant options. I always thought staying here meant paying crazy high prices, but we paid a standard room rate for vegas and got a very nice room. The rooms were large, room service and housekeeping were friendly (and generous with the chocolates), and there was lots of room for girls to get ready. I am for sure coming back. After the craziness we encountered in our wild weekend, it was so great having a clean, elegant place to return to.
4	I finally had the chance to stay at the Bellagio!  I was excited to find a good deal on their rooms - reasonable compared to the other places on the Strip and figured I'd be ok paying a little extra a night for a quality room... my last few stays in Vegas had been sketchy, so I was looking forward to a nice hotel.The check in process was fast though the woman at the reception desk was not very friendly.  Very short and quick to hand me off - that was the most disappointing part of my visit.  Aside from that, every other staff member we met was very nice and accommodating.  Our room was beautiful but very out of the way as we were not in the main building.  It was quiet, the beds were very plush and comfy, and was nicely furnished.  The bathroom was nice though I do like the Wynn better.The hotel has a great location on the Strip - centrally located around the hotels that we wanted to be by, so it was perfect.  I would stay there again, but next time I might upgrade to a Lakeview room so I can check out the water show.
2	This hotel is all hype, and while I would have given it 3 stars, the fact that it touts itself as an elegant masterpiece of a hotel has to be brought into the picture.  If the hotel does not live up to expectations, it must be downgraded just a little bit further.The hotel and casino are at best the very pinnacle of average.  There is nothing at which to marvel, there is nothing that makes it an experience to remember.  Only a few pieces of art that you could see at any cheap city museum.  It is just your average, run-of-the-mill suite hotel.That is not to say that all of the MGM-owned hotels are bad.  In fact, I love the MGM Grand and the Mirage by comparison.  The buffet was the best part about my stay here and the staff was friendly, but I spent most of my time in neighboring casinos, Caesar's Palace and Paris.  If you are looking for luxury and decadence, find it elsewhere.  I would have been happier at one of the above mentioned hotels, and you would too, unless conspicuous consumption is your thing and you want to say "I stayed at the Bellagio" to everyone you talk to.  Trust me, the price is actually affordable, so you're nothing special for doing so.
5	This is my favorite hotel to stay at in Vegas.  The parking is a breeze right into the hotel, the rooms are spectacular (especially) with a fountain view, service top notch and friendly.  It's a little smaller than most of the high end hotels on the strip, but has a great vibe.  Very elegant.  We have eaten at a couple of their restaurants.  Prime Steakhouse is very good, excellent service.  It is very expensive, not unlike all the other hotel restaurants.  The gym is pretty big and their spa is awesome.  My only complaint is the pool is nothing spectacular.  I recommend staying here and they offer great deals.
5	I've been coming to las vegas for the past 10 years (business and pleasure) and I never get sick on coming thru this Hotel and the sceneric view.Love the decor, and rooms are clean and big.Middle of the strip and convenient.Shopping mall inside the hotel and across the street, restaurants.at night I can never stop watching the water fountain.Service is always a PLUS, they never fail me.Cirque du Soleil "O" was SPECTACULAR! (one of my best shows i've EVER seen!)Always keeps me busy and Makes me look like a MILLION dollar LADY!, SOO CLASSY AND LUV IT!SEE YOU NEXT YEAR AGAIN BELLAGIO
3	This was easily of of the nicest hotels on the strip.  We only came here for gawking at the fountain, and the breakfast buffet.  I have to say that the interior was magical and a bit creepy with moving trees, and giant pumpkins.  The buffet while a sprawling cornucopia of consumption, it really disappointed.  I love buffets.  I plan for at least three rounds, and so help me if someone fills their plate with something as useless as fruit.  The seafood was just awful.  My friend warned me beforehand saying "well where do you think it came from?!  Certainly not close to here!"  Serves me right I guess.  For a few dollars more, you could have unlimited champagne, and that easily turned into mimosas!
4	previously, i have stayed at the venetian (still my favorite), planet hollywood (because it is spg), and hilton (i would not stay at the hilton because it is very far off the strip but it was a good deal at the time)first of all, bellagio is beautiful and classic. it is centrally located. i will say that the clientele seems a bit older than other places. the spa is wonderful (only guests can use the spa so it is not as crowded as other hotel spas where anyone can get in, and easier to schedule appointments- i will write another separate review for spa)the buffet is superb - pricier than other buffets - i think the market buffet (formerly aladdin hotel but now in planet hollywood) is still best bang for the buck but if you want better food and willing to pay extra, belliagio buffet is excellent - i used a tip from yelp to pay for brunch and get in a little before dinner starts (which costs a lot more) - genius!  we stayed on the 26th floor in the spa tower. there was an annoying constant buzzing sound which we later learned was from a generator for the hotel (we didn't really notice it until we were getting ready for bed but we were able to fall asleep because we were soo tired each night). if you get a room on the 26th floor, make sure it is not one of the rooms with this sound - you could probably easily change the room unless the hotel was completely booked.
4	At first you're going to be put off by the high prices...but the food is actually very good for poolside eats and portions are very robust.I have to give this place kudos b/c our food took almost an hour to come out (all we did was order omelets) and we were royally annoyed b/c we were missing peak sun time and our stuff was at risk of getting removed b/c our belongings were saving seats by the pool for almost an hour.Our waitress was very sympathetic and apologetic...so much so, that she expressed the unpleasantry to the manager, and he waived our bill!  I was shocked - it was a $50 breakfast!  I thought they would just send some fruit out to say sorry, but they comp'd us the breakfast instead.  What great service!  It turned our frowns upside down.
2	Simply overpriced.Bad food, stagnant atmosphere.Why am I still here?
5	Yes I love this place. we cam here on our honeymoon and a great room overlooing the fountains. The rooms are clean and big enough for 2 people to move aound in the bathroom was huge nice tub and shower   The check in process was fast though the woman at the reception desk was  very friendly she  even offered he we wanted to up grade the room..the pools are very nice and the hotel in all  hast to be one of the top 2 in my book
4	One of the best hotel lobbies on the Strip.  After walking from the Sahara to the MGM Grand, I reaffirmed that the Bellagio is the place to be.  OK, Caesar's Palace and Harrah's also make the cut.  The Bellagio has an artistic flair that I don't see anywhere else.  Like the massive collection of huge Chihuly glass flowers in the overhead lighting in the lobby.  Like the harvest festival in the conservatory.  Like that crystal obelisk just between the conservatory and the arcade.  Art everywhere.  The harvest festival exhibit in the conservatory took some time to comprehend.  There were huge pumpkins, real ones, 850 - 999 lbs. each, all over the room.  Great lighting, fantastic trees and fountains.  One tree was animated, and it said its sole purpose was to make the guests smile.  "I can see that I am successful," it said, as it surveyed the happy crowd.  There was also a miniature of the Bellagio, with its own dancing waters fountains.  I loved it!
4	Pros-Good location in the heart of downtown Vegas. Walking distance to most popular sites. -The Fountains. My favorite! Beautiful & free!-Chocolate Fountains- Very cool!-HUGE-Disney World for Adults-Famous Buffet (the most elaborate buffet you've ever seen)-When in the lobby, look up! Incredible glass flowers cover the ceiling. Stunning!-The Crepe Bakery-Beautiful poolsCons-HUGE -takes 20 minutes to walk to your room-Oppressive security-Smoky casino and worn-Too many people. Lines EVERYWHERE!-Had to stand in line for 2 hours for the famous buffet (had to call the front desk to ask for a late check-out due to the long wait)-Cost of Buffet (like most things in Vegas, over-priced)-The famous garden was very artificial and mobbed by peopleIt was an experience, but I'll never go back. I'm just not a Vegas person. Too many people, too many lines, too much glut, too much smoke, sad watching seniors citizens on oxygen and in their electric wheelchairs spending their savings on slots.If Vegas is your thing, you'll probably love The Bellagio.
3	The Bellagio is one of the nicer hotels on the strip, but Im not sure it's really 5 stars. It's a bit outdated compared to the Wynn & Encore, and the Venetian and Palazzo provide better values.  While I had an amazing view of the fountain show, the room itself was a bit disappointing.  No sleek LCD TV's in my room and definitely no TV in the bathroom.  Again, at Palazzo got the same or less amount of money, you get a much larger room and 3 TV's!The casino staff was not too friendly and the cocktail waitresses took longer than usual to bring back drinks.
3	In comparison to the Venetian the entry level room blows. It's boring, the decor is out of sync (gold and silver) , and it's utilities are old. The front desk reps were rude on two separate occasions. They charge for local calls and their in room movie selection is horrible. VIP tix to the bank meant nothing.  The location is great.  the in room food and restaurant were awesome. I got a view but wouldn't pay extra for a view of the strip. I don't understand how this place has five diamonds. I guess it's casino and food balance out the problems.
5	LOVE the noodle soup dishes at this place!!! The noodles actually have flavor and are the perfect consistency. Broth is delish and the meats and veggies are always cooked to perfection. I've had similar noodle soup dishes at the Wynn's Red8 and it doesn't compare to the Bellagio's. Good job Bellagio for getting your noodle dishes done right!!!
3	Since the Bellagio is promoted as a higher end resort, I was expecting more. Nothing great here. All strip casinos seem the same except for the different logos on the table. But the rooms are definitely the same. Not only same architect for all the hotels but the same plans. I should mention that the food and service at Michael Mina was excellent. And don't forget  the "O" show ....Awesome!
2	While the design and decoration is stunning, the lack of customer service is as stunning for a five star hotel. Every staff member I came into contact with was rude, curt and just plain unfriendly. I work in HR and seeing this type of behavior makes me think it comes from the top.
1	They have terrible customer service and treat the customer with a great amount of disrespect if you are going to las vegas stay somewhere else
3	I think the Bellagio is in general, just ok. It's a few years old now and really starting to show its age. The restaurants in the Bellagio are all not extremely notable except I guess the crepe place is pretty good but only for the crepes and not even the sandwiches or other goodies / baked goods they have. The fountains are definitely still a sight to see but in general you can start to see that it is definitely wearing down.Unfortunately, the folks at the Bellagio don't seem to agree as a stroll through the casino reveals high priced tables not below $15 sometimes and their buffet is 'ok' at best as I've eaten here several times and been unimpressed by the variety for my $30 of champagne brunch. Furthermore, the rooms are a little on the stuffy side, too old-English styled for me, or something. It also does take QUITE a long time to walk to your room as I remember walking from the strip to a friend's room and it taking a while after having to navigate the casino. I'm not the biggest fan and in my opinion I probably wouldn't stay here for how much they charge on a nightly basis.
4	Standard Deluxe King Bed room, very clean all around. One thing we did try was room service. It was on time and the food was excellent.- 2 coffees- 2 orange juice- belgium waffles with fresh fruit (best waffle I ever had, can taste the vanilla in it)- herb omelette with egg whites and a side of potatoes (was ok)Total: $67.00 (not including tip)Definitely would do it again.
3	This was my first time staying at the Bellagio.  I likely won't be back.  The hotel is beautiful, no doubt.  The lobby and most of the main floor was fully decorated for the holidays.  The Bellagio brought holiday decoration to a whole new level, and none of the other hotels I wandered into during my long weekend in town brought it like the Bellagio did.It is pretty clear that the changing economy has greatly altered the landscape that is gambling in Vegas.  There were far more $10 tables than I've ever seen here before.  Even at the Bellagio, there were penny and quarter slot machines.  None of which took actual coins, mind you (so glad I brought my quart-sized baggie of quarters from home, which the Bellagio was unable to change for me because apparently they no longer have a CoinStar machine in their cashiers booth).  It never occurred to me that Vegas wouldn't willingly take my cash, even if it was a 12-lb baggie of quarters.The Bellagio's casino felt cramped.  Not the large walkways between gambling locations, but the machines and tables all felt completely crammed in on top of each other.  And the Bellagio is one of the worst locations on the strip for smoke-to-oxygen exchange.  Caesar's next door does a much, much better job of making you feel like the air you're breathing is only mildly toxic.  We did most of our gambling next door for exactly that reason.The room I reserved wasn't quite what I was expecting, but apparently the fantastic rate I managed to secure a few months back was far too low to obtain a full fountain view corner room, even though that's what I thought I was reserving.  Love the blanket disclaimer on the web site that lets you know that they reserve the right to screw you long and hard and give you any room they feel like upon arrival.  Cue the passive aggressive counter staff.Truthfully, my overall stay was perfectly fine.  I even figured out that if I pressed my forehead up against the window of our room, I could kind of see a water cannon or two in the fountain up front, so maybe the hotel felt they fulfilled any obligation to me they may have had.Been there, done that.  Next time, I'm staying at Caesar's.
4	You know on Top Chef S06 when Robin was like "ooh I'm so inspired by all this beautiful Chihuly glasswork I just want to cook something way beyond the scope of my capabilities but still incredibly banal" and you were like "ugh why is Robin still on this show - go home!"? That reminded me that the Chihuly glasswork in the Bellagio is an irritating example of the dangers inherent in mixing bad taste and extravagance. It's less a knock on Chihuly than Wynn, who commissioned the work, and have you seen the Wynn? It's batshit insane.  Much like a bottle of Beringer white zin for $32.Anyway, never been a fan of fiori di como, but you know, de gustibus non est disputandum. That's my thing.
2	Bellagio... 5 stars? REALLY? What the hell do you get at a 3 star place then??? Pro's: The hotel is beautiful, the entryway stunning, and all the stone work is gorgeous. The rooms are clean and contemporary and the hotel's location is great (middle of the strip).Con's: Pretty much everything else. Their customer service is severally lacking which led me to the comment about them being 5 stars which I can't believe. Even when you are spending over a $1000 a night on a suite they make you feel like you are crap and that they don't need your money. Really? You don't need my money? FINE, I'll go somewhere else! The key reader on my $1,000 + a night suite actually broke not once but twice... having a group of people standing outside an expensive suite for over an hour while they tell you "maintenance is on their way" 30 times is ridiculous and unacceptable. Finally (after the second time of being locked out for nearly an hour) they completely replaced the door handle and lock. Their receptionists in their VIP check in area were complete bimbos and screwed everything they possibly could up - and Bellagio calls the VIP check in a perk? Come on, they were so slow and they couldn't figure out who was in what room to save their life... it was disgusting.They also need to really work on the air quality of the casino area... yes, I know people smoke in Vegas and that is totally cool but I think the Bellagio has something wrong with their air filters because there was actually a haze of smoke you could see in the casino and the air was thick and saturated with smoke. After an hour in the casino all our eyes were red and bloodshot. We came to the Bellagio because of its great reputation but it didn't live up to the hype or the 5 star rating. I will be staying at a different hotel next time I visit Vegas.
4	one of the best.  The light display at Christmas is wonderful.  Classy hotel, great food and wonderful light show.  Stay here if you get a chance.
3	Oh Bellagio I remembered so much better then this stay.I think when I went to stay here it was several years ago and it was this beautiful amazing hotel on the strip...and it didn't even smell like smoke!Coming back from Vegas last week it was a different story...this hotel is starting show it's age. It does smell like smoke now, the room isn't as impressive as it was before & the service is not has good.Maybe we shouldn't have gone back? Remember it during it's shining years?The fountain is still pretty though.
4	We stayed here for 3 nights this past weekend.  Christmas decorations are beautiful.  The room was very nice with 3 bathrooms, guest, his (with steam jets in the shower) and hers (with jacuzzi tub).  Enjoyed everyone who worked there from the limo driver to the bell hop, to the VIP attendants.  My only complaint would be the VIP lounge.  With the exception of receiving free wine and grey goose with cranberry, they don't really have any food out.  I would go back again if it is just adults, the room (I had a Bellagio Suite partial lake view room) was probably the best view of a room I have had in Vegas.  And even though it says "partial lakeview" it was a 100% view of the fountains which I couldn't stop watching.  We were on the 29th floor.
3	I remember when the Bellagio was being built during one of my first visits to Vegas. It was something pretty amazing and daunting to see at the same time... people putting together this massive/expensive project.Since then I had always wanted to stay and be an alum of the Bellagio experience. This was the first time I was able to do so and it was all thanks to Travelocity which put my 3 night trip for 2 people, round trip tickets and 2 shows at just over $1000. Of course this meant that I was put in their least expensive rooms.When you walk it, you can feel the luxury, the grandiosity of it all. Truly spectacular and everything in the lobby is what you would expect of the hotel. However once you get into the rooms it's something of a different story.There is nothing inherently wrong exactly, but we had 2 rooms. The first room had bad air conditioning. When you come in from a day of walking up and down the strip you really want to relax in a room that is nice and cool. They then moved us quickly to a different room to accommodate us which I thought was very professional of them.The next room had a good air conditioning, but the lamp in the bathroom had a busted bulb. During the afternoon, their concierge is often quite busy to the point that you're on hold for 5-10 minutes. But once you're on the phone with them they are polite, nice and never seen irritated or annoyed. Without the problems we encountered, I would say that the rooms are what you would expect from a hotel like this... that would put the number of stars at 3. Nothing mind blowing or awe-inspiring, but not necessarily anything negative (even though I was a little peeved about the little things wrong with our room).They do have room service and claim to "fulfill your every need". Apparently if you are craving some type of food, they would find it for you if they don't already offer it. However, I'm sure you'll be paying a pretty penny!Overall, not a bad experience and the hotel met my expectations. That's why it received 3 stars instead of anything higher. I didn't include the fountains/restaurants and conservatory because those are things that are rated independently of the actual hotel itself!
4	Why can't I give 4.5 stars!? Come on, yelp, let's work on this!!!We went to vegas for a one night stay.. basically just to do some shopping, enjoy the water show, eat some good food, and get away. I was SO SO SO excited to finally stay at the Bellagio. It's one of the hotels I have on my luxury list of places to stay in Vegas. I've always believed the Bellagio was a gorgeous hotel, and actually staying in it just reiterated that fact. Their check-in/check-out system is the craps though. There is no real line, it's all just like a mob in front of the desk and you kinda just have to choose which one you think will be the fastest. Pretty dumb, but I guess it works for them. Something else I wasn't a fan of was how far the guestroom elevators are from the front desk. You have to walk all through the casino and make a left down past the buffet to reach them. No easy feat, especially when there are tons and tons of people walking around. I think I ran over a few toes with my luggage actually, oops. We got a lakeview room, and so I could not WAIT to see the water show from our room. The view was absolutely fantastic! Our room was around the middle and halfway up the hotel, so it was perfect. We could see everything on the strip, and the water show at night with the lights was mesmerizing. Now, on to the room itself. I loved how big it was, lots of room to jog around and do some yoga if I wanted to. The bathroom was a piece of art, huge bathtub and HUUUGE sink counter! Wonderful, since my man always makes such a mess at the sink haha. The bed was super comfortable, and we contemplated stealing a pillow or two to take home (but we didn't, don't worry.) What I was kind of surprised about was the tv. It was one of those older tvs, not a flat screen. I get that no one really comes to vegas to stay in their room all day and such, but when I come back to rest, I want to be able to watch tv on a nice screen. I thought that was kinda weird, but it's true what everyone else says- you pay not for the room, but for the view. I loved my stay at the Bellagio, and now I can say I am no longer a Bellagio virgin!
3	I was really disappointed in Bellagio.We spent 4 days and 5 night at the hotel and the only reason it got 3 stars is for the view...it was amazing! We could see the fountain show and Paris the whole time...it was breath taking! But thats about it...the room was okay...not that big! No flat screen TV's and get this no cable TV? Weird huh? we got 10 channels and thats it!! Not that I go to Vegas to watch TV but when your waking up or getting ready I usually watch TV.The bathroom was nice but the glass shower leaked everywhere each time someone showered...overal not that great of a hotel...but a great location!
4	I spent three days here on a family vacation. We booked this hotel because of a deal they had to get a discount on Ka. Overall, the bellagio is a nice hotel but not quite worthy of its reputation. It's age is beginning to show and there are simply superior alternatives for "5 star" vegas luxury. Do not stay on the top floor of the hotel (26th in the spa tower)! There was a fairly loud and annoying buzzing sound not just in the room but the entire hallway. I'm not exactly sure what it was, maybe the central heating system? At any rate, I went to switch to a room in a lower floor (16th) and it was much quieter there. The first really cool thing I discovered was the power curtains. They have controls for them built into the walls at 3 different spots in the room. Now I realize this is probably nothing special to many people but it's the first time I've ever been in a room with this feature. The view was nice also. In the morning we could see the mountains in the distance and at night the strip lights up. One nearly inexcusable fault is that the standard rooms still aren't equipped with flat screen tv's! I was impressed with the availability of chinese channels. That made my parents happy. The furniture was a mixed bag. The chair's were very soft and comfortable but the drawers and tables looked kind of old and don't stand out from those in any other hotel. The bed was nice and firm, but the blankets were a bit too heavy and the pillows too soft. The closet was small but it had its own light. The safe was too small because it is taller than it is deep, so we couldn't even fit a netbook in unless we propped it up vertically. I really liked the bathrooms. It was a double sink with a separate tub and shower. The shower had a place to sit and the tub was large enough to fit my whole body. The makeup mirror was small but had its own light and was double sided, one side was a normal mirror and the other side was a magnifier. My only minor complaint was a little bit of cracking and peeling in the corners, but it's not something I would have noticed if my mom hadn't pointed it out. Check in and check out was a simple and painless affair. We checked in around 6pm and there were plenty of lines so we didn't wait that long. Check out can be done from the tv, very neat.I didn't actually go swimming since it's december, but I did walk around the pool area and it's fairly nice. The scenery is pleasant and they have i believe 5 pools although only 1 or 2 were open due to it being winter season. There were plenty of seats and since the bellagio is a more expensive hotel I would assume the pool won't be too crowded even during the summer. Be sure to bring an extra towel to cover the chairs though because they were surprisingly dirty. The only other downside is that even there main pool isn't particularly large so tough luck for those who like to race and swim laps. I won't spend too much time on the rest of the hotel since it's available to non-guests. The conservatory is perhaps the best thing about the hotel, it's beautiful, a perfect picture spot and best of all, free. Be sure to go early like I did, though because it gets insanely crowded. The casino is decent, although of course the table limits don't exactly cater to poor college students. I did find one $5 blackjack table at around 5 am though. When it's busy the $10 tables are usually filled up so most people will have to play at $15 and up. Took a peek in the high roller section and lol'd at $500 slot machines. Amazing that there are people who can afford to blow more money every 5 seconds with the push of a button than some people make in a week. The atmosphere in the casino is alright, not too crowded but not too empty, and the clientele is older than average. In any other city, I'd be very impressed with the shops at bellagio, but this is vegas and it's pretty ordinary when you consider all the other great places to shop on the strip. I didn't try any of the restaurants or spa since that stuff is ridiculously expensive.The quality of the staff was a mixed bag, but mostly positive. The majority of the clerks, dealers, security, and housekeeping were friendly and attentive as expected from a hotel like the bellagio. Unfortunately there were a few real sourpusses who were rather curt and seemingly annoyed with their jobs.All things considered, the Bellagio is a good to very good hotel, but definitely not great. I probably won't be staying here again since there are just so many great options in the vegas strip.
5	Oh Bellagio how I love you.  Everything about this hotel and casino is perfect.  Food A+++Employees A+++Cable Cars A+++Decorations A+++Room A+++Fountain A+++
3	I expected more out of the prestigious Bellagio.Myself and a few friends stayed here for my 30th birthday this past November.  Our room was fitted with 2 queen beds.  The service at the Bellagio was average.  The room was very average and compared to Mandalay Bay was sub-par.  We had plumbing issues where the faucet would drip and not drain well.  The shower and tub were very average, there was no flat screen TV's or anything fancy.  The plus side to the casino is the art.  The famous glass ceiling is astounding and the walk through art items are a delight.  The fountains are beautiful.  The night club at the Bellagio is called The Bank and is very average though the DJ was good.  We ate at Yellowtail sushi and it was good but not great.  The Bellagio buffet is tasty but doesn't hold a candle in the wind to Wynn's buffet at the Wynn resort thanks to the fact that he sold the Bellagio a few years ago and it is now corporate owned.  Anytime this happens things start to slide.My recommendation is that if you want to stay in a 5 star casino don't spend your money here.  Go to the Wynn, Encore or even Mandalay Bay for a better experience.
5	Well, I did it... I finally stayed at the Bellagio! It was everything I wanted it to be, and more. The service (turn-down service, chocolates on the pillowcases, etc.), the atmosphere (the rooms are gorgeous, and ours had a particularly good view of the awesome fountains, we loved watching them!), everything was perfection. My husband and I stayed here to celebrate our third wedding anniversary earlier this month, and we both can't wait to visit again! The hotel is beautifully decorated for the holidays too. That made the lobby and most of the other public areas of the hotel fairly crowded, but it was still worth the visit. Got both of us into the holiday spirit, which we weren't really because life has been kind of crazy for the past few months. I'm very grateful for the Bellagio and how great our stay was!
3	Christmas in Vegas is quite different and one thing that I noticed was lots and lots of people were doing the same as well!! I thought the room was alright and the bathroom as quite nice what I didn't like was how slow service was. I mean I guess I should give them a little bit of slack since it was during the Christmas time. This place had one thing that made it very pretty: The nice little decorations of polar bears which was made with flowers and all the decorations for Christmas. I had a good time here, but it just wasn't what everyone makes it out to be. It wasn't that crazy of a place...but it was still a-ok for my trip.
4	I have plenty of whining to do about some aspects of the Bellagio, but this review is strictly for the hotel: the room, the view, the check-in/out experience, and the valet.    I was nervous when we got to the hotel, as valet had taken a long time and the lobby was packed to the rafters.  But, fortunately, they had tons of front desk agents working and I only waited behind 2 people- about 15 minutes.  The agent was friendly and quick in getting my keys.  We then hauled our bags through the entire crowded casino to the elevators (that's not cool).  The elevators are fast and there is security checking keys, which makes you feel a little safer.  Our room was beautiful.  We were on the 17th floor, facing the fountains.  The view was breathtaking- as you walked in, Paris' Eiffel Tower took up the whole window, which then expanded into a view from the Flamingo all the way down to the Planet Hollywood, and the mountains behind it all.  Gorgeous and worth every penny.  The bed was middling- a little stiff, but I've slept in much worse.  The linens and pillows were nice.  The room was exceptionally clean.  The bathroom was fabulous, I took at least 3 baths in the huge soaking tub.  Room service was really good when we could get it.  Twice when we called down, they told us it was a 1.5-2 hour wait for food.  Once was at 11:30 at night, when almost everything else in the hotel was closed (everything but the cafe).  That was frustrating.  My biggest complaint about the Bellagio is probably the valet.  They are SO slow getting your car to you.  Even when I called ahead, we waited at the valet area for 10-15 minutes.  There doesn't seem to be any hustle in these parkers.  Overall, I might stay here again, but it's really packed and busy all the time.  I think I may opt for Paris across the street, so I can have a view of the fountains without the massive crowds.
4	Lobby 5. Rooms 4.No doubt the location, fountain, lobby & chocolate shop are 5 star. I am comparing the rooms to the Palazzo, so they come up a 4. I was expecting more in a standard room (size & amenities) from a 5 star hotel. Sure, I would stay here again (especially at the $99 rate my wife got), but I'd prefer to stay at the Palazzo.
3	so we had a jr suite.beautiful and attention to details down to the smallest things. the bottles of toiletries were elegantly wonderful. the room was super quiet. but...yes there is a but...a tube tv??? really? no HD? i need to watch NCAA football in HD while waiting for the GF to get ready!!!not a big deal though, the hotel has the most friendly staffs and efficient services. the lobby was beautiful and it's not vegas until you find out what the decors are at the bellagio's garden.your buffet sucked but your restaurants rocked. I highly recommend trying their restaurants.your location also rocked, as we won so much money at the craps table at Aria next to you. wait a minute... no... not really.your location sucked, cuz the only entrance to your valet and bell desk is located on las vegas BLVD. who came up with that? what architect from europe came up with this horrific idea? i was stuck on lv blvd. right out side of your entrance trying to make a right into your "green light but also green for pedestrians" world's crappiest entrance to a 5 star hotel for 45 minutes, prob ran over someone and dragged the body under my car to your front door along the way.therefore, yes i stand behind my ratings, 3 stars! despite what other wonderful qualities you may offer.
3	Stayed here for 2 nights, and not just any room - a lakeview room baby.Not worth it, ooh I am sorry so sorry maybe I just have been to Vegas too many times but I was not impressed - at all. The room is clean and pretty and all but I really had a whole different thing going on in my head.TV is sooo dated, the window to see the fountain show is poorly located and small, room service is ridiculously expensive, bathroom os so not "wow", very blah.Because the Bellagio is THE place to be for 95% of people who visit Vegas you always have a problem with parking, especially if returning to your room in the evening.Would I stay there again? Comped yes.Would I visit again? Absolutaly! I ADORE the B, the vibe, the casino, restaurants, etc. Just not the rooms.If you have $ to spend in a room and expect the best go with Wynn, I know I will.
4	Stayed here for 4 nights over New Years.  Room was nice with a large soaking tub and separate shower and remote curtains which opened up to a nice view of "lake Bellagio" out front.  We really had a chance to test the quiet factor of the room, seeing as how the streets were literally packed to capacity with people on New Years Eve and we found that no matter how many people were outside screaming, the room was very quiet.  Room service was slow, even in the middle of the night but in the B's defense the entire Vegas strip is an over crowded madhouse this time of year.  My only complaint was a situation with a rude room service attendant, which was promptly resolved upon notifying a manager.  Other than the rude employee, this place offers excellent rooms (and views if your are lucky enough to get a strip facing room) which are a nice quiet escape from the madness of the surrounding Las Vegas strip.  One last observation, we noticed every time we visited another casino (Mandalay, Venetian, Pallazo) the valet was always full and we had to self-park.  This was never the case with the Bellagio, and it seemed just as packed as any other casino on the strip.  I would also say the Bellagio has one of the nicest lobbies challenged only by maybe the Wynn or the Venetian.  Granted the Bellagion isnt the cheapest place to stay, it is certainly one of the nicer places to stay.
2	Ever stumbled to the fridge in the middle of the night in a thirst-crazed stupor, and taken a giant swig out of the pitcher *you thought* contained deliciously wet water, only to be shocked into a horrifyingly awake state by a disgusting slurp of the world's oldest orange juice? That was our experience last weekend at Bellagio. (Insert Debbie Downer "waa waa" sound here.) First, a little context for this review: I am thankful to have had the opportunity to visit Sin City over a dozen times. And since it opened in 1998, I have been dreaming of the day I would get to stay at the sparkly crown jewel of the strip that is Bellagio. Second, please know I did not expect canopied beds made of fluffy pink cotton candy, or prancing ponies lining the walls, but I did expect a clean, well-maintained property. And while I anticipated the gaming floor to be smoky, I was not prepared for air so filthy, that it left me with bleedingly bloodshot eyes the next day, squinting at the sun from behind my sunglasses like a newborn mole rat. Ugh. While the service and grounds were lovely, our room, the hallway leading up to it, and the air quality on the entire first floor sucked **big time.** Here are some of the specific issues dear hubby and I encountered: * Ratty towels in the bathroom * Leaky faucet* Shower fixture falling off the wall * Several sets of used room-service drinking glasses left on the floor in the hallway for two days (however, after we called the front desk, they were promptly removed)* Paper-thin walls -- in addition to banging doors at the crack of dawn, while getting ready at the vanity in the bathroom at night, I kept running out in my robe to answer **what I thought** was our room's phone ringing -- and it was actually the phone next door* Cracks in the crown molding * Old tube TV* Lame amenities -- no shower gel or bath soap? Really?* Dark, poorly planned lighting -- since we didn't have Garanimals, we had to open the light-up armoire when getting dressed to ensure our clothes matched properlyI **really, really, really** wanted to love Bellagio. So I am hoping we just ended up with a crummy room, instead of experiencing what our cab driver referred to as "property neglect" due to Bellagio's involvement in the new City Center project.
3	Disappointed. That is the word that sums up my experience here at this supposedly five-star establishment.I have been a dedicated customer and fan of the Bellagio for many years. I have always thought they showed  class, service, and value that many hotels on the strip did not provide. However, my most recent stay disappointed me for many reasons - i will mention them as i  write a detailed review of my entire stay below:The service:Highly disappointed - While many aspects of the staff and service of this hotel was great as usual, there were a number of events that stood out and really made my stay very unsatisfying:1) upon check-out, i wanted to store my luggage with the bell desk b/c my flight was not set to take off until 6pm. I did not have small bills to tip the bell boy and needed the bigger bills for the cab. I thought i could make it up by tipping them again when i picked up the luggage at the end of the day. The bell boy reiterated upon receiving my luggage that he would not be here later that day and that someone else will be serving me in an obvious tone that was implying i needed to tip him. He also stood there quietly, for several seconds waiting for me to tip him. I felt uncomfortable and awkward and was forced to use what little cash i had on hand for him. This should not be the mentality of an employee of a five-star hotel!2) Update: I emailed the establishment of this complaint and all i got was an apology letter and that's it. No further follow-up, no nothing. 3) The room: it was nice. The room is fairly large and the furniture and what not was well-kept and modern. The bathroom is large with two sinks, a separate shower, and a separate tub. I found all the amenities i needed in my bathroom. There was also a robe, iron, and safe. In all, Bellagio embodies the nature of today's Vegas: a high-class surface masking the old, crude, low-class mentality that has always existed.
5	Before i begin, we totally got caught going at it hard core against the window with the front door wide open (door was left open after we rushed into the room) To start: The lobby... pretty sweet. The staff was amazing. Offered to upgrade our room for not to much $$$. Got our show tickets and all in less then 5 minutes, The room: Not a totally VIP suite but pretty impressive view. If your going to stay here, pay the extra and please please PLEASE get a lake view. It was the awesome view that made us forget to close the door before getting ass naked. The grub: Room service was quick. Not TOO fancy but how can you really mess up eggs and pancakes. I'd def stay here again, but of course only for the view.
3	This is a semi gracefully aging lady. You must insist that this 5 star hotel be 5 star. Call for bathrobes and slippers and some amenities or you won't get them. Ask for sheet change , etc. The valet parking at the main entrance is atrocious as is the parking at the North entrance. Location is great and the poker room is among the best. Buffet mediocre,coffee shop slow but good food and a counter. Look carefully atthe crap tables and roulette wheel. They are truly works of art.
5	Bellagio is my top hotel in Las Vegas.  Why?  Well, I love that it's located in the Center of the Strip, the interior is nice and welcoming, the Fountain Show, the Conservatory, the Buffet, and the rooms are clean and inviting.And the price is not too bad since you can usually snag a weekday special in the mid $100.  Other 5 star places like the Wynn cost so much more.I recommend the Lake-View rooms since you'll be able to see the Fountains.  Otherwise, the view is typical of what you get from Vegas.I also do love Caesar's Palace for their history of being in Vegas, but Bellagio is still the one for me.
3	Quick and Easy:- overrated- overrated+ amazing crepes!!!- overrated- how can anyone not see that this place ISN'T that amazing?It may be amazing to look at, but it really doesn't have anything more or less to offer than most of the other hotels on the strip. Via Bellagio? You can do that at the Forums.
3	*************** All that glitters is not gold ************* You pass by the fountain watching its spender, wander through the casino, the "O" theater, the retail shops, it all just feels so great. So the lodging experience has to be even better right? Nope, keep walking. When do you realize this? It all starts with the check in experience. High brow hotel? High brow service? Nope, get in one of the random lines and pray you will get checked in. No one to direct you to an attendant, no one to organize the guests, just kinda figure out if you are in the "right line". In my opinion, not a good start, but I was still looking forward to relaxing in the room. From there, while the room was nicely appointed, once you look past the glitter, it is just a basic room. Mine came with a slow running sink and well used towels. Not my idea of a 5 star hotel. Clearly the big plus is the location, but that has a bit of a downside too. I found getting in and out of the hotel parking area was problematic because of the foot traffic on the Blvd. Big glitter, big hotel and I would stop at big disappointment, but clearly a disappointment.
1	The Worst.  Bellagio... you might be pretty, but remember, looks aren't everything! We had such high hopes for Bellagio but they couldn't do a single thing right. To sum it up... here was our 3 day/2 night stay... of nothing but WAITING: Day 1: Arrived at Bellagio... waited an hour in line for check in... arrived at check in and there were no more rooms with double queens, so they said they would have a roll-away bed delivered... 4 hours later, go to the room and no roll-away bed so we call to ask for it... 1 hour later, still no roll-away bed so we call again (2 am in the morning).... another 45 mins, still no roll-away so we call again... another 30 mins, still no bed, so I call to speak to a manager, 5 mins later, the roll-away bed arrives. Day 2: We call to get switched to a room with 2 queen beds and they tell us our new room number and tell us our keys have been electronically updated to the new room... we walk to the other room and our keys don't work... call the front desk, spend 20 mins on hold and they tell me they will have security meet us to let us in... 40 mins later security comes and lets us in but he doesn't have new room keys for us... so we have togo to  "check in" again and wait another 30 mins to get new keys. Day 2 night: Come back to room around 12 am and there is a party in the suite beside us so we ask to change rooms... go back to check in and wait 20 mins to get new keys... talk to the manager about how frustrating our experience has been at bellagio and she upgrades us to a suite.... go to the suite and it's 1 king instead of 2 queens.... call the manager who apologies for her error and takes us to the correct room with the new keys... 1:30 am and hungry, so we go to the Bellagio Cafe (the only thing open)... place is empty but still a 45 min wait to eat... Day 3 - Can't wait to leave... but until we can leave... must wait 1 hour for our car at valet. Worst experience ever which consisted of non-stop waiting and waiting and waiting. One of the most frustrating experiences of my life.  Check-in is the most unorganized area where there are no line queue, so you just have to choose a line and hope for the best... it's crazy this place is a 5 star hotel since they clearly don't know how to manage guests and visitors. Never again... better off staying at Venetian, Mandalay or Wynn.
4	The wife and I stayed in the Bellagio in 1/10 and loved it. We had a fountain view on the 18th floor. The hotel is upscale and really well managed. Our room was spacious and the bathroom was huge! The bed was soft, the comforter warm, and the walls were thick enough to provide a good amount of privacy (in contrast, see my review for Place d' Armes in New Orleans). We liked everything about it and would definitely stay here again. It was a top notch experience and as far as we are concerned it is the only place to stay.  My main complaint was the number of people who ignored the no smoking signs and were smoking in non-designated areas. There was a large number of foreigners in the hotel so maybe they did not read English or perhaps they are used to smoking wherever they want. The casino is a smoking area but it was not as bad as Ceasar's Palace which was by far the worst we visited in terms of number of people smoking and getting a headache from all the pollution. The buffet is excellent. We had lunch there for $20 and breakfast for $15. It is so worth it. For lunch I was very impressed by the fact that the shrimp was fresh, cleaned, and firm. The various fish were moist and tender, not dried out at all. They had the best smoked salmon. For breakfast the variety is astounding, not just the usual. Had the best smoked trout and shrimp. I highly recommend this buffet even if you are not staying in the Bellagio. The lines were not that long, the most we waited was maybe 20 minutes when we went at noon for lunch.
4	I'm definitely torn between a Fan rating and a rating of as good as it gets...and here's a few reasons whyFirst and for most, the hotel is HUGE.  I mean huge as in to get from the Front/Check-In Desk to the room elevators (don't forget to show your room key to the attendant, else you can't get through), to my room....what an immense walk.  And that is not even going from one side of the hotel to another.The rooms were pretty standard to the caliber of Las Vegas hotels...roomy, clean, and I was definitely thankful for a great view of the pool.  I fell in luv with the electronic curtains, but felt annoyed that the light switches were all over the room.  Can I just get one central light switch to turn things on and off?  I liked the bathroom with it's roominess and separated bath tub and shower.  And one thing I REALLY liked....the toiletries.  Being in the dessert, Bellagio was very smart to provide it's hotel guests with toiletries using Olive Oil.  Definitely saved my skin while out there for the week.The service from the Front Desk, Room Service, Housekeeping were all very friendly.  And the only inconsistency were the room elevator guards.  I mean, smile..will ya.Was a definite fan of the 30-40 minute room service delivery, but for being the Bellagio, the TV in the room was quite questionable.  We're talking about probably a 28 inch Panasonic tube TV.  I think the electronic curtains were more advance in technology than the TV was.  I mean, not even HD compatible.A few touristy notes about the Bellagio.....it has a stop on the City Center (free) tram that will take you to the City Center and all the way to the Monte Carlo and back.  You just have to make your way to the Tram stop.The Bellagio is severely lacking in simple eateries.  Aside from 2 small cafes, there really was nothing else aside from their buffet (known to be one of Vegas' best) and their somewhat pricey restaurants such as Le Cirque.The water show runs every 30 minutes, but I believe looks best at night.  And if you can't catch the music while the the Water show is going, one of the TV channels plays the music for you in your room.The Garden of the Bellagio apparently gets changed per season or occasion, and we were lucky enough to be there when they completed one of these changes.  Really fantastic place to capture a moment and a picture.  You'll also see some flashes in the lobby as people take pictures of that horse and the ceiling.One KEY note I did NOT realize until it happened....the housekeeping staff has every authority to check you out of your hotel room.  How you may wonder...Well, if you are noted to have left your room (no bags, no toiletries, no personal items left), the housekeeping staff can deem that you have in fact left the hotel...thus having you checked out of the hotel registration system.  Yeah, definitely surprise to me.But the check-out staff easily cleared up that snaff-u.
4	the rooms are pretty nice here and the bathrooms make it worth it. the housekeeping staff wants to clean your room every 10 minutes it seems like, so be sure to keep your "do not disturb" sign on the handle if you don't want to be bothered.
5	Loved my recent stay at Bellagio; probably one of the nicest hotel rooms I have ever stayed in. Had no problems checking in (Thursday night of a long wknd) and there was an attendant there to tell us which line to stand in. Housekeeping staff was excellent, never bothered us when we had the privacy sign out, and turn down service was great as well. Overall I think Bellagio has one of the best locations on the strip, a great basic room and even better if you can get it at a lower price, and the casino areas are classier than most strip hotels IMO. Just beware, since this is the strip and Bellagio is one of the more popular hotels, there will be tons of people/tourists walking all over which gets very annoying when you are a guest.
4	Well I wasn't 21 yet when I came here but the place looks amazing. Was definitely a great place to stay and the service was pretty good
5	Thoroughly enjoyed my recent stay here and was not disappointed from the moment we checked in.  The check-in staff was friendly and helpful and accommodated our request to have adjoining rooms.The staff in the hallways of the rooms were friendly and always greeted us. The rooms were clean, comfortable and well appointed.The location on the strip is great particularly for those there mostly for shopping and fine dining. Situated right next to Caesars Palace, shopping mecca is walking distance away!  Plus now the free tram to the City Center located right inside the Bellagio drops you off in the newest shopping center, Crystals. Very convenient.As always, looking at how the conservatory is decorated is a delight.If you're looking for comfortable and elegant accommodations along with a convenient location and excellent service, this is a fantastic hotel.
5	Stayed at this hotel many times and my favorite in Vegas!You just can't beat looking out your window, facing the strip and watching the fountains blasting off every 30 minutes. Listening to Frank Sinatra & all the classics with some champagne, it can't get any better!
3	When thinking about Bellagio, I realize that nothing was all that special. The rooms were not really fancy at all for the amount of money charged. The rooms were pretty standard and were not really decorated much. This hotel doesn't really live up to the hype about it's luxury.As for the service, they weren't really helpful. They seemed busy all the time and a bit disorganized. The Bellagio overall is eh. Just an ok hotel.
4	Every bit a 5 star resort. Gorgeous property. Layout was somewhat chaotic but I guess that's what casinos do?  Great gaming experience.  The garden square is also fun to visit, but we gave the art gallery a miss because we were too cheap to pay $15 to get in!
4	I really enjoyed this hotel and would recommend anyone stay here. Positive:-  Perfect location on the script.-  Brunch at the buffet was delicious and the line moved pretty fast for     a Saturday at 12pm.- The room was clean, quiet, and comfortable.- The bath towels were big and soft, unlike most hotels where they   are thin and rough against your skin.- The service was good.- We managed to score an awesome room rate at $109 a night from   Thursday-Sunday. Sign up on their website for the email deals. - At check in we were told there were only smoking rooms available. I   understand a non-smoking room is not guaranteed, but the Bellagio  worked with us. It took a few minutes of persuasion, and finally we    were upgraded to a lake view room that was non-smoking. Yes!- The pools are open year round. I've only stayed at 6 hotels on the   strip and every other one is closed in the winter. It was too cold to   swim, but it's nice to have the option if you want to. Negative:- One of the bouncers at The Bank was incredibly rude. We asked   him a simple question and he gave us the raised eyebrow/sneer   combo. He muttered something and then quickly turned away from   us. I hate people who feel like they are on a power trip by   treating you like dirt. My theory is that men who show no respect are   lacking in another area. - When you walk out of the lobby to the strip on the sidewalk to the    right, you will cross this street where many cars crossing ignore the   stop sign. Be careful here so you don't get run over.
3	For the price you pay, you're better off at cheaper hotels instead. This place is overrated by far. I spent one night at their Deluxe room back in 2006 and it felt like a $99 Marriott. It's basically your typical hotel called Bellagio. Seriously though, nothing unusual. Same customer service like every other hotels except here, the bathroom is a bit larger in comparison with other hotels.
4	Just returned from my quarterly visit. If you play poker and get the poker rate at $99 this is still a great deal. The rooms are not being maintained properly and staff is being cut. The public areas are still wonderful. Very pleasant poker room. The coffee shop has the best quality food in town but the service is abysmal. Again, you can overcome this if you speak up. Went downtown for the first time in 20 years to see the Fremont Street Experience. Don't bother , it's depressing.
4	You can't really complain about anything here at the Bellagio.  There are some amazing restaurants, a decent shopping area and the service everywhere is awesome.  The spa is also super great - I LOVE IT!  There is a little coffee shop that carries amazing ham and cheese croissants.  They are to die for. I also love the dessert place with the chocolate waterfall.  It's decadent and everything is delicious.  Bellagio is not the hippest place or the trendiest, but it is luxurious and the fat girl in me just loves the food here.  Try to stay in the main towers and not the ones near the chocolate fountain.  It's a pain in the ass to walk extra to your room after a hard night of partying in heels.
2	The Bellagio is past its prime. I stayed here with my boyfriend Halloween weekend of 2009 and had a horrible experience. The room was old, the TV was Tube, the curtains were manual. The rooms seriuosly need improvement. For the price we paid, we would've been much better off at one of the REAL 5 star hotels (Wynn, Venetian, Encore, Palazzo, or Trump).The Bank. We were offered complementary entry to The Bank's Halloween party so I called the Concierge at 7 pm to tell them that I will be late to pick up the tickets, the concierge told me that the tickets will be help at the reception except when I went to the reception desk they said the concierge did not have any tickets. They probably gave my tickets away. So after talking to the management, they told us that the Bank does not belong to the Bellagio and there is nothing they can do but give us free admission (but we would still have to wait in line). Nonetheless, we headed over to the Bank only there wasn't a line. There was about 100 people bunched up in the middle of the casino trying to cram through one door. This club sucks. Given my horrible experience with room and entertainment, we did not bother to have any fine dining. We did, however, go to the sportsbar and was surrounded by a old couple who chained smoked cigars.My boyfriend had late night dinig at the cafe by the garden (can't remember name) two nights in a row. The food was mediocre, but the prices are pretty reasonable.
5	hands down the best hotel in town.The rooms, pools, cabanas, food..everything is SO GOOD.the O show was great,  & we loved the steak house !!!!
4	I've stayed at the Bellagio at least 3 times and all my experiences have been good.  The room size isn't as big as the Venetian, but it's good enough and bigger than the older hotels.  It seems they've upgraded the rooms, overall, with one being automatic open/close window shades which was a little neat.  But what I like about this place is it's a little less crowded, still busy though, as the other hotels such as MGM, Mirage, Treasure Island, etc.  The overall hotel makes you feel a little more relaxed in the overall realm of the busy Vegas experience.Overall, good rooms, okay service, okay prices.  Definitely try to book a Fountain View room as it's a treat to watch at night when relaxing in the room.
4	5 stars: It was my first time staying at Bellagio, so I was super excited especially after hearing how great it is.  Location is awesome, right in the middle of EVERYTHING. Not to mention I scored an awesome deal by using a promo code I found online averaging my stay to $100/nt.  Compared to some other older casinos on the strip, you don't feel like you're suffocating in cigarette smoke.  3 stars: I do hope that Bellagio will one day realize that they need to update their room decors.  It's a bit old fashion for me....I did afterall just come from staying at The Hotel...so I couldn't help but compare the 2 places.  The rooms were also a lot smaller than I expected, but you're not suppose to be in your room while you're in vegas, right?
2	Nice hotel, BUT...  The maids came in our room 2 hours before checkout even though we had the do not disturb up.  Then to TOP IT OFF they gave the room right at check out time and they came in our room while it was still ours.  WTF  ..  I let the front desk manager know but I never heard from anyone.
3	The rooms are dated.  Nice public spaces.  I would not stay here if I had to pay for the room.  Better choices on the strip.
5	What can I say that a AAA Five Diamond Award did not.Simply a beautiful place, from the entry to the gardens and the room and of course the casino.All the rooms that were comped were very nice. Nice view of the fountains. Very comfortable bed. Nice pool area.The casino is very comfortable. The best seat on the strip, soft leather. I have the best luck here.
4	The service is awesome.  For some reason, we couldn't find our TV remote (I think it was stuck somewhere under the bed, to be honest) and I called them to let them know and we were graced with a new remote within minutes!  Housekeeping cleaned our room twice in a day without being asked.  Its not like we were extra dirty, but it was nice that our bed was made in time for a nap after lunch and again in time for our nap after our buffet dinner.  We got a room with a perfect view of the water show... it was beautiful!  Amazing view and even if we had to pay for the room, it would have been worth the money, honey!The only thing that I didn't like was that it was a pretty long walk from the entrance to the elevators to get to our room.  My achey breaky feet were crying by the time we got to the elevators.Because it is such a well known hotel and people come from all different hotels for the display that is ever changing and to experience the water show, it can get a little crowded.The bed... I can just melt in that thing!
5	This is the best hotel on the strip...I recently went to check out all of the new competition on the strip and I can say nobody comes close to the Bellagio.. This place has everything food, casino, scenery and so much foot traffic (one of the busier hotels and its for a reason) The Palazzo and Wynn/Encore come close but I feel they lack a certain something and they both don't compare when it comes to food.
5	-definitely my favorite and my most stayed Vegas hotel-one of the best Dim Sum buffet in the country
1	dont be fooled by this hotel ,i stayed here and i did not like it ,this place should be 3 and half stars only ..unless you stay in there suites if not its just another 3 and half star hotel .(there  suites start from $499 and up)
3	I don't know if it was bad luck or what but some things happened here that lead me to give a 3 star review.I arrived late off a red eye flight and went to check in, the lady at the front desk told me that although I wanted a non smoking room with 2 queen beds, they only had smoking rooms available. After a few minutes of her trying to find something, she advised that I can just come down the next morning and change rooms. So I agreed.I get to the room and it stunk like a cheap motel room, I liked the bathroom but the smell of stale cigarettes all over the room was really bothering me. Then I find 2 cigarette butts on the floor and I decided I have to call the front desk. I get the same story about how there aren't any rooms, but cmon we know there are, and they offered to send housekeeping and stuff, but I really wanted to switch rooms. I eventually gave up and went down the next morning.I had to withdraw money from the ATM and everything processed, I even heard the sound of money counting and dispensing, but when I looked down there was nothing there. I scrambled to find someone to help and was pointed to like 3 different places. Finally someone was able to help but I still had to call my bank and they also gave me some 1-800 number to call for the ATM vendor. ( Fortunately, nothing was withdrawn from my account)Overall I guess I this place is more like a 3.5 since it was a decent crowd and I experienced decent service and had all my meals comped. Although I do want to stay here again, I may look elsewhere next time.
4	We celebrated a big anniversary at this hotel and overall it was a really nice experience.  The rooms were lovely and the maid service excellent.  We had massages which were quite good, the restaurants we ate at were lovely (Noodles, Michael Mina, Jasmine), and O was fantastic.  The only negative was the concierge services were mixed - they made us reservations but when we tried to change or get more info, we had a hard time.
2	you breaka mi heart. waiting over 25min for my 1st cocktail at the craps table & never getting cocktail service for my 20min playing $5 slots was unacceptable for an establishment of this caliber. been here at least 5 times & never had this complaint.  i can only suspect that many servers called in sick on swing shift that night(night before st. pats) or bellagio chooses to function w/bare minimum  staff.  i'm starting to believe neglectful cocktail servers are a jinx(they sure were that night). i can go to stratosphere or plaza or fitzgeralds or binions, where i've never had this service prob. don't get ghetto on me.  don't become blahgio.
4	The rooms are nice, a little dull but nice. The big bathroom even in entry level rooms are a massive plus and if you like to soak in a deep tub you will be very happy. The rest of the Casino is nice enough but I think next time I will head back to my usual hangout which is the Mirage.
5	The only way to make any sense of the fantastic service one gets as a guest at the Bellagio is to presume that they are all doped up on something. Seriously. It is not normal for people to be this nice!I could give many examples.. like the time I called concierge at 5:30 am asking them to see if I had, by any chance, possibly left my glasses in the room we had been in previously: "I'm not sure I left them there, but maybe I did.. could you go checkl?" Sober me hates drunk me.But Bellagio's staff were more than glad to help drunk me find my glasses. At 5:30 am. And then, when they brought them over to me, the nice man even told me where I had left them, with a big smile on his face, as if it wasn't the middle of the night, as if I hadn't totally sounded like a stupid drunk idiot asking hotel staff to go looking for a pair of glasses I might or might have not left behind.. Goodness are they nice over there.And then, of course, there is the time my girlfriends and I ran a hot bath so we could soak our feet in it. .And called concierge for some bubbles- Bubbles you ask? Oh no. They sent up two baggies filled with goodies like bath salts! All that was missing was a rubber duckie. But I'm not going to hold that against them. Besides the wonderful service, of course, you get all the other wonderful things with staying at such a star-rated hotel- beautiful installations, comfortable rooms (we even had  a beautiful view of the pools from ours), and delicious restaurants! (Oh, Bellagio Cafe, you converted me, for a brief 3 nights, into a pancake-obsessed maniac- my tummy thanks you. My waistline maybe not so much..)If I can help it, I'm never staying at another Vegas hotel ever again.
4	We loved this hotel.  Excellent service and accommodations.  The dealers could benefit from a customer service course (some were great, some grumpy), but that is my only complaint.  The rest of the staff members were wonderful which is a huge accomplishment as 10K people are employed by the property.  Well worth the price to have the fountain view.
5	Poker review:they have the highest poker action here consistently.  During the tournaments especially, the action is great.  Their comp system is not all that great, but definitely the best place to play high stakes poker in Las Vegas.
5	Since I get a free room at Bellagio with my Club Membership, I stay here often and it's always a great experience. The staff are great and the rooms are spacious and well decorated. I love the cleanliness of the overall hotel and casino. The Petrossian is one of the best places in Vegas. It's named after Petrossian caviar (French Armenian Co.) and it's always a treat to have caviar with Champagne. The Buffet is incredible. The variety of food outdoes all others in Vegas. They have foods from all around the world and a great bar in the middle of the Buffet where they make incredible drinks. They even have a sushi bar as part of the buffet. If you're looking for a great place to eat in the middle of the night, The Cafe by the pool and in door garden is always a great choice. The food is made fresh every time you order so nothing rubbery from the microwave. I have tried all the other high end restaurants over time and they never disappoint. Can't find one negative thing to say about the whole Bellagio experience. It's a magical place to come to.
5	This is my favorite hotel in Las Vegas still even with all of the new ones that have come in and tried to top this place, they can't..... Bellagio is the best.  Its very elegant, always luxurious and I always have a great time here.  Always stay here when you are in Las Vegas if you can afford it!
4	We stayed at Bellagio for 4 nights in March 2010.  The location was convenient, the fountain shows were spectacular, and the O by Cirque du Soleil was breath-taking.  Now taking about the actual stay: For a 5-star hotel, the lobby is a mess-- very noisy and chaotic.  The room was spacious, and the bathroom was nice; we liked the individual vanity and the separate shower.    However, when we realized that there was no coffee-maker (I brought my own tea for daily consumption, so all I need is hot water), we called the housekeeper, and was transferred to in-room dining.  They didn't have coffee-makers but could deliver an electric kettle for $25 plus $4 delivery charge.  And then there was $15 daily charge for the Internet access, $7 for printing the boarding passes at the business center ($5 for minimum Internet access and $1 per page for printing.)  The concierge would do it for you during their office hour but just like everywhere at this hotel, there were always long lines.I understand that Bellagio is a popular hotel with high demand, so it may not be as important for them to provide the best service.  However, it is still annoying for a hotel at this caliber to be nickel and dime.  We probably will look for a different hotel next time, just to avoid the hassle.
4	After so many trips to Vegas, everything just starts to mash together and I forget where I stayed and what I did exactly.  All I remember is the great memories.  I wasn't even sure if I'd stayed at Bellagio.  I had to ask my husband.  He said "Yeah, don't you remember?  With the really nice view of the fountains and the strip and so-and-so passed out on our floor."  Oh yeah, now I kind of remember.  So what do I remember about Bellagio exactly?  It's a really nice, posh hotel.  It has a beautiful casino and everyone knows about the famous fountains.  It really is a breathtaking show but maybe I just feel that way because I love Pavarotti.  There's the absolutely gorgeous glass flowers in the lobby overhead.  They also have a conservatory where the display is changed out often (monthly, maybe).  Every time I've been to Bellagio, there's a different display and they are each stunning.  The rooms were spacious with all the high end amenities you'd expect.  They're not as big as Palazzo or Venetian rooms with the sunken-in living rooms though.  We had a view of the strip in our room and had the pleasure of seeing and hearing the water show from our window every time it was on.  The nightclub, The Bank, is also located inside Bellagio (see my review).  And there is high-end shopping as well.  I have dined at the cafe in the lobby but I'll have a separate review for that...if I can remember the name of it and what I ate.  And I've been to the famous buffet too.  Unfortunately, I was too hungover to enjoy any of the food.  Overall, great hotel and definitely worth the bucks.
4	Beautiful suites, large rooms, comfortable beds, and an awesome view of the fountain shows make this place a winner. The customer service/room service exceeded my expectations, and the casino is also very beautiful. The architecture inside is one of the best on the strip. The only reason I gave it a 4? The bell boy was pretty rude. Other than that, I'd definitely return. Oh, and check out the pool--it's awesome and has a lot of beautiful people.
4	What can I say that  hasn't already been said over 500 times??!Everytime I've stayed at the Bellagio my experience has been great, from checking in, service, room, etc. Nice pools, great spa, spacious rooms, casinos, restaurants and shops - everything is here.Nice place to stay when in Vegas :)
4	Have always wanted to stay at Bellagio, but wanted to save it for a special occasion. When my husband I were married last Sept, we decided to stay at the Bellagio on the wedding night.Booked a decent deal (three nights for the price of two) and made sure we had a nice view of the fountains. This was a must, for us there was no point in staying at this hotel unless we could enjoy the fountains.The guest room was adequate, but not overly nice. I was actually kind of disappointed. Before staying here, I thought the Bellagio was supposed to be one of the snazziest hotels on the strip. As a passerby I was always impressed by the casino and lobby, so I assumed the hotel rooms would also be incredible. So the room was just ok. No fancy tv, relatively small room, and decently appointed bathroom. The fountain show was amazing though. I've never had a room with such a beautiful view. In the evening the show would come on every 15 minutes (until midnight) and you could turn the tv to a certain channel, which would play the coordinating music. Nice touch.For the money, I feel like I could find nicer hotels in Vegas. Bellagio has been a staple on the Strip for a long time, but I think other hotels are competing in the luxury four/five star resort status. I would stay at the Bellagio again, but I would probably splurge for a suite...which would definitely have to face the fountains.
4	I wasn't impressed with our room wasn't big enough, also we asked for a lake view  but didn't get one as we schd 2 months ahead of time.. The service was great our cleaning lady was awesome. Have no complains about our neighbors didn't  hear a pep!. For the price we paid (600 something for 2 nights/3 days*) wasn't worth it. I sleep in so the room has to be important. Prob wouldn't go back try something better but it was a nice experience..
5	LOVED it here. Having full view of the fountain and the water show made my stay in Vegas 1000x's better.   They have a special TV station so that you can blast the fountain music in your room.Why it's awesome: -THE VIEW - make sure you ask for the lagoon/fountain side of the hotel - Service was fantastic - Love the turn down service with the chocolate squares that they leave for you - Nice comfy beds with fantastic sheets - Huge bathroom - You can room charge at any other MGM property - They have an awesome floral display with ants, butterflies, snails .. it's friggin amazing in there and smells fantastic - Concierge - they were able to get us fantastic seats for "O" last minute Why it's not so awesome, but I'm willing to turn a blind eye: - No exhausts in the washroom - if you like super hot showers like me, then you have to keep the bathroom door open to let the steam out - You have to pay $25 bucks to workout.. BUT it's worth it though, but just a bummer that you have to pay extra. If you get any spa services, that fee is waived - Room service is super expensive - it's better to get your lazy butt up and out of bed to make it to their Buffet. $8.00 for orange juice? seriously?? I honestly can't imagine coming back to Vegas and staying anywhere else .. the view alone is what single handedly made the trip amazing.
4	Just got back from a conference at the Bellagio and I had a great time.  The room was fairly spacious with a pleasant decor and the bathroom was very nice and had an extra deep tub that was perfect for soaking.  My fiancee especially loved the automatic blackout curtains and sheer so you could control the ambient light from across the room.On the negative side, the room was pretty dim at night even with the curtains open and all the lights on.  The TV was pretty old and had an annoying humming sound when on, and they also lacked any free premium stations like HBO.  None of these were particularly big issues and were completely overshadowed by how great the staff was from the bell hops, to check-in, and room service everyone we dealt with was fantastic.Because of the conference I only had to pay $150 / night, which was a great deal on a room that otherwise was $360.  Plus, I was given a free upgrade when I checked in and had a great view of the fountain show.  Had I paid full price, I probably would have been disappointed, but as it was I was thrilled!  The drinks and restaurants here are pricey, so definitely hold out for a good price on the room unless you have cash to burn.
5	Is there really a point in writing a review for a place that already has 512 reviews? Oh well.Had an amazing time here. We stayed in a fancy suite, so maybe that's the reason I didn't have the underwhelmed response some people did to the rooms. Our suite had 3 bathrooms- one presumably for guests if you were to have visitors in the living room area, and two off the bedroom. One had a large jetted tub and the other had a steam shower. Enjoyed having my own bathroom to get ready in! The bedroom, living room, and dressing area were large, the huge windows with automated curtains and amazing view of the fountains were incredible. Everything in the room was luxurious and well maintained. The room service was incredible! Definitely expensive, but so good that it's one of the things that would make me come back to this hotel. Fresh juices, delicious eggs benedict. The walk to our elevator from the lobby was a bit long, but the lobby and gardens were gorgeous, and the many places you pass on the way, like the candy shop with chocolate fountain, were fun to look at.Didn't gamble here, but the casino looked serviceable. My recommendation- if you're going to splurge and stay here, go all the way and get a suite.
4	Bellagio is a classic now, hidden amongst all the bigger and better or just Newer casinos. I always liked Bellagio, it's timeless, kinda like Gucci. It's ceiling boasts the well known blown glass flowers above the lobby and the ever-changing garden tucked away behind it. It was "Spring is in the air" themed when we were there. I was there on official Toyota business, ahem, so we had dinner the first night in a banquet room, that I would give a solid 3 stars too, maybe the fact there was an open bar there solidified the stars but the meal was pretty good considering our flight was delayed and we were late as hell. OK so we then went to XS and after a few cocktail came 'Home" an ordered room service!! MMM Brioche french toast @ 3am, thankyouverymuch! Don't forget the side of burnt bacon!! Ooh that was good! I like the casino there, the grounds pool and cabanas are nice but so it the 24 hour room service. God, I LOVE VEGAS!! I have to say it even tasted good cold when I broke off a piece the next morning. So I applaud them for staying true to the game, as one of many Vegas "classic" hotels amongst the slew of trendiness that is spreading like wildfire across LV.
1	If you are not rich, do not look rich, or look like a kid, they will treat you like crap.I asked the pit boss where are the pai gow tables, he stares me down, then says "we dont have any pai gow tables". I later find them, but the thing is, he either thought I was too young to gamble, or couldn't afford it.Yes this place is supposed to be the most expensive and most luxurios casino in LV. But, $10,000 min tables are crazy! All the times I've been there, Ive only seen one person at the $500 min tables.Also, during 4th of July, this place is packed. If your driving, they only take valet, cause they know, if you cant afford valet, you cant afford to gamble here.
3	My husband and I used to stay here every time we were in Vegas.  We stopped when the quality went downhill.  We always stay in a 2 BR Penthouse (friends usually join us).  We always pay for our room in advance...well, we went to check-in and they had sold our room to someone else.  We are regulars and we know the staff by first name.  We are very down to earth as well.  The Manager came out and said, "oh dear, we've made quite the mistake".  Give us 3 hours to find you another room.  Three hours went by and we got the "OMG we screwed up Penthouse".  When we arrived in our room it looked like a scene out of "Animal House" (we have a wonderful sense of humor too).  The lampshades were off of some lamps, there was electrical tape on the floor hiding the wires that were running across the room.  The carpet had stains on it.  When my husband took a shower, the BA flooded and shorted out the closet light, leaving quite a shock to ones system.  He was curly for a few days.  We let the hotel know about the items and they did nothing to fix the problem.  They didn't even offer us a complimentary dinner or anything for their mix-up.  Now that the economy is the way it is...they will do anything for money, therefore leaving their quality behind.Oh well, we stay with another high end casino and are very pleased with them.
4	Very nice location right on the Bellagio pools. You need to be a hotel guest to get in. The menu is a little overpriced but the food is surprisely good. The New York Steak sandwich is to die for. Too bad the french fries are too dry. The Tuna sandwich has nothing spectacular with not so much taste to it but ok I guess. Very good place for friends visiting Vegas (and staying at the Bellagio).
3	The Bellagio is not a bad hotel, but it doesn't meet the 5-star rating in my book. In any other city, the Bellagio would exceed expectations. But this is VEGAS and more is expected. First, room maintenance. The bathroom sink wasn't cleaned well--there was left over toothpaste from the previous guests. The sink also drained slowly and made odd loud gurgling noises at random times. The carpet looked a bit worn in places. The room had minor paint damage in places. The door's peephole was smashed. -1 Star.Overall, the basic "deluxe" room in the Bellagio is about average. Not too big, not too small, nothing spectacular to write home about (considering, again, this is Vegas). The employees here are friendlier than average. Not as friendly as the Wynn's, but better than, say, MGM Grand's (who would much rather you just didn't bother them). Something the hotel can't control is the clientele, but it does affect my stay as a guest. The--ahem--douche factor is pretty high here compared to some other hotels (but not as bad as others like Planet Hollywood). I about fainted in the elevator from one guest's thick coating of Axe body spray.But, overall, you won't go wrong by staying here, but there are better places... if you fit my demographic, I guess. If you're a low-to-mid twenties douche nozzle that loves to see and be seen... and party all night... Bellagio for you!
4	Stumbling piss drunk down the strip at 1a.m. with five of my best friends we all of a sudden came upon this magnificent structure known as the Bellagio. A beautiful fountain show is always flowing outside, and even the entrance to this place seems lavish, and tends to make you feel a bit more formal. When we entered, I immediately headed for the nearest bar and very slurridly said, "Barkeep, get me a Grey Goose Martini, dirty as shit, please!" he did not hesitate to start mixing me a cocktail. After receiving my drink I managed to spill the whole thing on the ground. The bartender saw this happen, and just poured me a new one at no charge. What a nice guy! Gambling here was a good time, and I couldn't believe that amongst all these high rollers and upscale/snobby millionaire types, they let my friends and I basically do whatever we wanted. My friend Heather saw the rapper Chingy hanging out in the lounge and went over to talk to him, to my surprise, this Chingy guy invited as all over to party with him. It was a really fun night, but I hope you have a serious bank roll if you want to play blackjack here. Table minimums are pretty steep!
4	3 stars for the Standard rooms with king bed on 23rd floor5 stars for the hotel, including the conservatory garden, the lake.4 stars for the casino.So bellagio, my love, my favourite hotel in vegas. I've come upon thee numerous times. The garden, the chocolate fountain, the magnificant lake.I finally had the chance to stay in your rooms this weekend, experience your swimming pool. Gambled a bit more.Let me say this first. their rooms was drop dead....mediocre.For $250 i'm paying for this?!?!?!?! (Normally 300+ too!) when I could be staying in a panoramic suite in the rio, or a nice suite in trumps or even the pallazzo/venetian or aria.The decor of the room was alright, definitely not modern, but that's ok, i liked it anyway. The room was a little small, 510 sq ft, the window was dinky, view of uhh, the swimming poool? that's not bad i guess. and the TV was disgraceful. Not even an lcd screen? but a CRT? that's from like 10 years ago? the toilet made a loud flushing noise that was the scariest i've heard. The wardrobe could fit like a dress and a suit and that's it. WHAT?? NO COFFEE MAKER?!?!?!No adjustable lighting, no fancy, no frills. just straight to the point. But which would've been alright if I was paying $100. I just paid $250 for this? I WANT FRILLS!  This might as well just have been a nicer version of Marriott courtyard? Everything was just...so...mediocre. I really expected more. The bathroom had a normal tub and a glass door shower, alright. They didn't even have hangers for hand towels? what? Perhaps we need to shell out a couple hundred more for a nicer room. Check in was relatively quick though and they also let us do early check in at 1pm and late checkout at 1pm. In room check out is key. They also helped me mail out letters.The pool is pretty good, a little shallow, and the jacuzzi were spread out at the end so that was kind of annoying. It's a nice pool but nothing grandeur. I've been to nicer swimming pools, but i've also been to worse. Their jacuzzi wasn't even on?! The shower in the womens restroom was also somewhat clogged up and old. At least they had soap. The casino vibe was nice, but the dealers, were not very friendly. One or two of the asian women were nice, but most didn't really want to be there. Not to mentioned my bf and I had awful luck! At least their pina colada was good though, and pretty big!The garden is ever changingly gorgeous. I'll settle for the garden and lake show until I am rich enough to stay at the suites.I've also tried the buffet over a year ago. pretty good but not too memorable. Tip: Stay there at your own risk! you're better off shelling $200+ at another hotel, but feel free to shell out 1k. Gamble elsewhere too if you're a young lad. PH is the place to gamble, just don't get too distracted by the boobage. Definitely check out the garden and the lakeshow. free wireless in the lobby! but you have to pay for wireless in the rooms?!Favourites: still the garden and lakeshowDo not want: 10 year old TV?! no hand towel hanger? Mediocre roomsLast words: Save the $200-300 and book yourself a room at aria/trump/pallazzo, etc. Come back when you have over 500 to spend.
5	One of the most beautiful casino and event locations in all of Las Vegas.  Staffed by friendly, competent and intelligent people who make sure that you are having a good time.  Elegant and heavenly.  A must see!
3	Bellagio has a classy and elegant appeal. The decor throughout the whole entire hotel is absolutely gorgeous and intriguing.  From the minute you arrive, your jaws would drop. That is if you have never been to Vegas and this is your first time seeing this place. It is definitely one amazing hotel in terms of decor, but it does not deserve a five star rating because  the service was not up to par and our rooms were just not worth what we paid for.I came here recently with a group of girls for one of my friend's birthday celebration. We decided to splurge and made reservations for two nights here. We even caught a limo from the airport to Bellagio.  We arrived on a Friday night around 8:30pm and we were in absolute hurry to check- in to our room. The bell man was getting ready to help us with our luggage until we decided to ask him how long it will take before we get our luggage if he were to help us with them. He said the soonest would be an hour. That was way too long for us giving we were eager to check- in and begin our night in Vegas. We decided to pass and helped ourselves with our luggage. From the beginning we were disappointed because it took about half hour before we got keys to our rooms. To make matters worse, they made a mistake with one of our reservations and no longer had rooms available with two queen size bed, which was what we had asked for. We didn't feel like fussing over it, so we settled for whatever they had, a king size bed. They offered to bring in a folded twin size bed for us, however and told us our room will be upgraded.When we got to our room, we were quite disappointed. The room was small and the decor wasn't anything special whatsoever. It had a bit of an old fashion design to it and the bathroom was nothing to rave about. If our room was an upgrade, why on earth did we not even get a Jacuzzi? We had an average size tub, his and her sinks and a shower stall. There was one rob hanging in the closet and not enough towels for us to use in the bathroom. We just weren't satisfied with what we had received at all. We simply felt ripped- off. The cost per night at Bellagio is not cheap. The best part about our stay here was the gorgeous view our room offered.Despite our discontent over our stay, Bellagio is a great place to explore while visiting Vegas because inside and out, it truly is absolutely beautiful. They have great shops for those who like to shop and are into designer brands, a casino for people who like to gamble, bars and lounge areas, a nightclub for some late night dancing and other amenities we all would love to enjoy. I personally would visit Bellagio again to enjoy the amenities this place offers (they also have an all you can eat buffet I have yet to try), but I wouldn't want to stay here again. Their prices are high (which is fine if they offered outstanding service), service is average, and it's simply way too busy and crowded for me to enjoy staying overnight.
4	My favorite hotel so far as compared to Luxor and Monte Carlo.  We stayed at the Bellagio over Mother's Day weekend and got a pretty good deal off their website (less than $200/night for a regular room).  It's a central location on the strip and right next to the newest City Centre - where you can walk to or take the free tram that goes between Monte Carlo, Aria, City Centre, and Bellagio.From the minute you enter, everything within is clean and gorgeous.  Check-in (and check-out) was quick and easy.  The rooms are fairly spacious and the large bathroom consists of large shower stall and separate bathtub, his & her sinks.  The shower pressure and temperature, however, were inconsistent and the toiletries were weak.  Otherwise, the rooms were more than adequate and comfortable.  We stayed on the 24th floor and never waited more than a minute for an elevator.  I personally was not a fan of the pool area.  You take the elevator to the pool level below casino level, where you grab towels.  Then you have to wander out through a maze of poolside chairs and various pools to get out into the sunlight.  (When it's time to go back inside the hotel, there are signs pointing you in the direction of the exit.  That's how large the area is!)  The poolside area itself just felt overpacked and chaotic - not the relaxing poolside experience I was looking for on my vacation weekend.  I also noticed they didn't seem to enforce any security to ensure you were a hotel guest, and wondered if there were any non-guests utilizing the facilities.The resort itself is gorgeous, from the lobby to the conservatory to the fountains.  There's plenty of dining and shopping options within.  It's also home to Cirque du Soleil's O (my favorite cirque show ever!).  A large casino with a good variety of games to win (or lose) some $$$.  Overall a good deal, but I don't know if I'd feel the same if it was over $300/night for a standard room.
5	Gimme my money back... jk... this place gives money away!!!! Love the place!
5	Yes it's full of Jersey Shore, goomba rejects (read Euro-trash) but if you can get past that, they do like to party!The service in this place is the best. They treat you the same if you've just walked in from the pool drunk and sun thrashed or if you're in a tux- like a big deal!WHEN YOU GO- get a room facing the fountain. Go to The Bank- not as douchey as the name implies, but still a buttload of the above described bumbaclots. GET ROOM SERVICE! The best room service food EVER!!
4	I stayed here for a convention, and found the hotel quite nice.  I am not a drinker or a gambler, but I did think the fountains were beautiful, and the rooms are excellent.  I was on the 9th floor, and had a very nice view of the mountains outside of the city.  The beds were extremely comfortable, and the bathroom was spacious.  The water was hot, although I found the pressure a bit weak.I had never been to Vegas, and it is an experience.  You have to watch out for the girl-pushers on the streets, and the amount of public drinking is staggering.  I saw several families with children out on the streets, and I can't imagine what would possess anyone to bring their kids to Vegas.
5	Let me start this out by saying that I love Vegas. I've been there quite a few times and have only ever stayed at the cheaper strip properties like The Flamingo and Excalibur. Staying at the Bellagio was a true treat. The hotel  staff was super friendly and took care of all of our needs. The concierge has to be the greatest asset of this place. We used the concierge to get us into all of the best clubs with no cover and no wait. We had a full lake view room and could watch the fountain show from out room day and night. The pool is very well manicured but seems like it was made for laying out more than actual swimming. The atmosphere there is very relaxed. It's a fabulous place to stay if you'd like to splurge a bit.My ONLY complaint was that most of the dealers here treated the younger looking guests very rudely. Beware of Sandy the Black Jack dealer. She was blatantly rude to everyone at the table and I'm really not sure how she has a job there.
5	This place is the shittt. plain and simple. The lobby and the surrounding areas are beautiful works of art. We stayed in two regular rooms, and our friends had a penthouse suite. The rooms are awesome. Very friendly staff. You really feel like rick ross the boss up in this biatch! 5 stars bellagio. Terry Benedict has done a great job with this hotel
3	So oddly enough a couple years after my initial review we actually ended up staying here.  And though, it's a wonderful hotel, I have yet to be blown away.We stayed in the Salone Suite for our honeymoon.  This was a great corner room with "strip view". Yeah well when you're only 5 floors up the view is mostly parking lot and the tip of the Eiffel Tower...not impressed.  Though the bathroom was humongous and the bed...oh that bed...SO comfortable I didn't want to leave it.  Amazing.  The TV was lackluster though.  And though unnecessary, the TV in the bathroom's remote was not working.  The blinds in the bathroom wouldn't go down and a plug and some lights were not working in the bathroom as well.  But housekeeping likes to clean twice a day and I'm sorry - I don't use that many towels.  But they were a bit bothersome.  On voice mails.  Notes left on the door.  And even in person.  And then one of the 2 times we let her in - the woman took our souvenir glasses.  Plastic and cheap, sure...but they were OUR plastic, cheap souvenirs!  The hotel itself has nice bartenders and great service.  The pools are wonderful as well.  But the lack of more affordable eating options was irritating.  I think we spent most of our money in the tiny grocery shop by the elevator bank.Oh and be warned when giving them your credit card coming in...they put an over $500 hold on your account!  Just in case you're thinking of handing them your bank card that you plan to use on the trip.All-in-all, not terrible, but I guess I would have expected better.  I think next time we'll stayed at Caesar's which was our original plan in the first place.
4	I stayed in the spa tower.  Had a lovely room-spacious and a great big bathroom which really, is the best part.  Because I can sleep in a small space but I need a big bathroom.  Nice big shower, separate tub, double sink.  WAY bigger than the Mirage bathrooms (where I stayed in May).I had stayed at the Bellagio a few years ago and we had terrible service.  I'm happy to say that this time the service was amazing.  Very helpful staff and friendly front desk and operators.  They have a great pool with several different little side pools and a nice pool side cafe.  Also, check out the beautiful botanical gardens and the worlds largest chocolate fountain while you are there!
5	I love the Bellagio (I love Venetian, as well, but Bellagio to me is just terrific).  Classic design, top-notch restaurants (like Le Cirque), Great gaming areas, White-glove service. A great spa.  Yes, it costs a fortune - but to me - its worth it.And those fountains - what fun!I love it here!  Touristy bliss.
4	I stayed here by the good graces of my best friend, who booked his wedding here.  The rooms are spacious and comfortable.  The bathrooms are luxurious; my room had a separate tub and shower, which were both quite large and immaculate.  I didn't give this establishment five (5) stars for several reasons: 1. Wireless internet access costs almost $15 per 24-hour period.  For the price of the room, wireless internet access should be provided to hotel guests for free.  2. I took advantage of the hotel room tub.  (Yes, I watched the maid clean it, so I felt confident that it was clean.)  It would have been really nice to enjoy a small television or even some music while relaxing in the tub.  3.  The television in the room is quite outdated.  Surprisingly outdated, actually.  A nice, inexpensive flat screen TV would be more appropriate in the room than a small, old-school box TV.  And there were very few decent channels with relatively shoddy reception.  4. The in-room mini-bar amenities are far too overpriced.  A generous markup is to be expected, but the items were excessively... no, PROHIBITIVELY, expensive!  5. A complimentary shuttle service to/from the airport should be provided.  I don't care if they add it to the room cost--just make me FEEL like I got it for free. I saw the view from my friend's room (he had a view of the Bellagio fountains), and yes, it's worth it!  Trust me, it's worth the cost for the extra ambiance.  Front desk service is top-notch, though there wasn't a queue-style line for the desk.  If you're stuck waiting behind someone who wants to take forever, be prepared to watch people who came in after you receive service and leave before you get to the desk.
4	i stayed with a friend and enjoyed my stay immensely.  the thing that did it for me was customer service. from the moment we checked in, to the time we left the building, we were greeted with nothing but smiles, respect and friendliness. as everyone knows and have already attested to below, the hotel itself is gorgeous, the fountains breathtaking and the location in the middle of it all. i did not rate it 5 stars, because i felt the rooms were so-so. overall, had a wonderful time and will definitely return!
4	Stayed recently first in a fountain-view room, then in a corner-fountain-view penthouse (had credit card points to use; would not have spent the $ otherwise).The views of the fountains and the Strip (and the mountains, for that matter) were unbeatable. I wouldn't have thought I'd want to sit in a hotel room to watch water be shot into the sky, but sure did. Over and over.This isn't a negative per se, but I have to admit that although the fountain view room was 100% fine and the penthouse enormous, I kinda like the Venetian more for the "over the top holy crap how much marble can you have in one place is the phone gilded you know you're in Vegas" feel. I think Bellagio caters to folks who have money and so aren't looking to be "overwhelmed" by opulence because they're used to it. Which is fine, I just like being bowled over.Was oddly underwhelmed by the spa. Well, let me restate. Totally blown away by the size of it; getting from the locker area to treatment rooms involved what seemed like a quarter-mile walk through an uber-contemporary series of hallways. My body scrub and mini-facial was fine but--and this is due in part to my choice of services--I feel like I paid a heck of a lot to have someone rub some salt on me, for me to take my own shower to wash it off, then coat me in goo. And when I heard the telltale "beepbeepBEEP" of a Clarisonic face cleaner, I was like, "Seriously? I'm paying you to clean my face with the same exact gizmo I have sitting on my bathroom counter at home?!?"The buffet is AMAZING. Just typing that made me drool. I ate my weight in sushi. Which in no way stopped me from also eating lamb, sea bass, goat cheese, mousse, key lime tarts, peach sorbet...Cirque's O show. Come ON! It's stupendous. Sit a ways back from the stage, though, and you get to actually see more (like the underwater action). You can't swing a dead contortionist without hitting a Cirque show in Vegas, but THIS is the one to see.I would certainly stay here again. It's beautiful, the service is perfection and it's well located for all things Strip. But if you're price sensitive, this is not the place to go!
5	For me it is about service, and the Bellagio does not disappoint. From the moment we first walked in. We had been on a long flight and were visibly frustrated with a group of (French Canadians, sorry for the call out but it is always you guys...what gives?) taking forEVER in the check-in line...a Maitre d' or floating bellman or whatever he was came over and whisked us over to the exclusive guest line and got us in right away, nice touch. Every single employee we passed throughout our stay were friendly and responsive. Spa employees were apparently fantastic, so says the girlfriend. Kinda rambling here but I like that the Casino slot machines seem to be toned down about 20 notches less than the other Casinos. All in All, just top notch.
2	This place used to be the top of the heap but I don't think so any more. It is, in my opinion, an average hotel with above average trappings. The rooms are nice. It took, on average, 10-15 tries for my room key to work. I walked about 6 miles looking for a gift shop because of poor signage. The people weren't that friendly. Nickel and dime charges are ridiculous. I would not choose to stay here again. Flat face.
5	4.5 starsFirst time in Vegas, and the Bellagio was recommended by more experienced friends. They were right: It's an elegant place that stops just short of over-the-top. Maybe it's just that I'm from NYC, and therefore used to tiny living spaces, but I did not find our standard room to be small, unlike some other Yelpers. Nor did I find it to be "worn," "tired," or any of the other criticisms that I was prepared for. Our room was spotless, spacious, and nicely appointed. We had been warned that rooms facing the fountain could be noisy, so we were very pleased to overlook the pool (got to check out lounge availability!) and the spectacular mountains in the distance.The service was uniformly excellent. Every single staff member was pleasant and helpful. People seemed to take pride in their work. We saw Conservatory gardeners discussing the plantings with visitors and pool attendants nudging lounge chairs into place moments before the pool opened.You can read about the specifics elsewhere, so I won't bother to repeat them. My one complaint is that hotel restaurants closed surprisingly early. Again, maybe my NYC expectations are unreasonable, but why do restaurants stop serving early--before 11, in some cases? Granted, we were there during the week and, granted, the economy sucks, but aside from the 24-hour cafe and room service, you don't have much choice after midnight.Vegas: The city that needs its beauty rest?
4	Pretend to be a rock star while you breakfast poolside in your shades. The area is covered, but some tables do get sun in the morning. Very friendly service. My husband's blueberry pancakes were as big as his head and delicious (usually pancake size and deliciousness are inversely proportional, but not here). He had doubts about the authenticity of the maple syrup, however. My eggs were nicely poached, and the potato cakes on the side were adorable and tasty. The coffee was unusually good, and the chatty (but professional) waiter said they use a special roast for the Pool Cafe.The only cons are that you need to be a hotel guest to access the pool area, and the prices. But if you're already here, the thinking goes, you must be on vacation, right? So indulge.
5	5 stars. Hands down. Seriously.My husband and I stayed at the Bellagio in October (2009) for our honeymoon and let me just say that this place was the best. 5 stars plus more!When we arrived at the hotel, they offered us to 'upgrade' our room. We figured since we were on our honeymoon AND its a special occasion, why not? Well our 'upgrade' lead us to a fountain-view room of the Bellagio fountains. Yeah. We can view the fountains day or night from the comfort of our own room. Our room window stretched all the way from the floor to the ceiling. Gorgeous. The bathroom had a walk-in shower, separate from a big tub that you could soak in, plus 2 sinks (his & hers). Gorgeous.  The entire room was gorgeous -- you really didnt want to leave the room.  As for the rest of the place - casino, restaurants, lobby, whatever ..... GORGEOUS. I would highly recommend staying here if you can.
5	I don't care which hotel is the best or newest on the strip, Bellagio is my favorite hotel in Vegas! Everything about this place rocks. Its like it's own city. I always get hooked up on the best rooms, and the VIP treatment from guest services. I usually go to Vegas twice a year, but this year has left me saving my money and hopefully making a trip back in the fall. My favorite restaurant when I stay there is "Noodles" It is a delicious Chinese noodle house with the best wonton noodles ever! Also the shopping in the atrium is amazing. Chanel, Dior, Prada, etc. When I win money at the roulette tables, I spent it all on designer items here! The greenhouse is beautiful. They always spruce it up with different themes and the aromas from the flowers is intoxicating!Don't forget to watch their famous fountain show either~! Maybe request a room to where you can watch from your room!
5	Maybe it's 4 stars if you get a room without a fountain view, but I wouldn't know! The Bellagio remains our hotel of choice on the strip -- it's 100% worth the extra price to get a lakeview room. Want a cheap night in Vegas? Pay the extra $50 for the lakeview room, sneak a few bottles of wine up to the room, and get drunk watching the watershow.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed here for our very first Vegas trip. We had a great time here. The room was amazing, very simple but classy. The bed was so comfortable that my boyfriend wanted to figure out what mattress they used. The room service was great, my boyfriend called and asked for an extra ash tray and they came up with three and a bunch of matches for him. The bathroom was HUGE! The shower and bathtub was separate and they had a giant counter for the sink and a big mirror, as well as a small circle mirror that lights up (for doing makeup and stuff.) Loved the bathroom, it was perfect for someone narcissistic like me. OOO.... they also have long mirrors in the cabinet for hanging clothes! and the cabinet lights up when you open it.House keeping was amazing especially since they had to deal with my mess.... i just threw clothes everywhere and left lots of stuff around. But when I came back, my mess is still there but everything else was clean, which is what I like... cause if they put my mess elsewhere, I would have forgot about it....When we checked out, there was an express checkout. Where we just had to give our names, room numbers, and keys to this person. And we were done in a minute. We then left our stuff with the bell desk so we could go walk around more before we took the shuttle to the airport.The bell desk staff were amazing too. They ask you what stuff is fragile and put a tag on it, and they were really fast and efficient in getting our luggage when we wanted it back.The only problem we had was with the lost and found. My boyfriend forgot to pack his phone charger... and when we realized it, we only had 45 minutes until our shuttle came to pick us up. He went to the front desk and they told him to ask the security, and the security just gave him a phone and told him to go call lost and found... he was on hold for 30 minutes... and eventually just gave up because our shuttle was almost here.We also watch "O" here and the theater was gorgeous. We got really good seats for 25% off. 12 rows from the stage, close enough to see details but far enough to see the entire stage.Overall, Bellagio was beautiful... service really depends. Bell Desk, House Keeping, and Room Service was great but Lost and Found was horrible, as well as the service at Bellagio cafe... but that I will talk about more in the Bellagio Cafe review.Still I had a great time staying here with my boyfriend. Definitely going to remember this trip forever.
2	So sad that I have to give this place only 2 stars.  We stayed Sunday though Tuesday and I must say, for being a five diamond resort, it did not impress.  The room was standard, they need to upgrade the tv to a flat screen, the ac never got cold enough.....and now here is the kicker....the BED WAS DIRTY! We pulled down the sheets at the end of the night and low and behold, there were blood stains scattered throughout!  How disgusting is that???!!!  After notifiying housekeeping and the front desk, we were only compensated with $50 food and beverage credit!  Aside from that, we requested a cabana, but the pool staff never called to correct phone number to tell us it was available and ready so we ended up leaving the pool area.However, the champagne brunch was fabulous! I am just hoping that our experience was just a fluke and that this type of service and experience is not the norm.  I have contacted corporate to advise them, but have yet to hear back.
4	I'm feeling unappreciated. After reading the reviews recently I see nobody is taking my advice to ask for what you want. I guarantee you will receive. NO towels, bathrobes, slippers, etc. Ask, they will give them to you. Even free newspapers. Those are the remnants of what was once a real 5 star hotel. The point is that their genes still retain these things even though their current finances require stinginess. For the price, assuming you shop, you still can't beat this place. Do you really care about fat TVs? The place is an incredible value if you learn to take care of yourself..
3	Beautiful hotel and super cool water show!
4	Perfect except:Shower toiletries were watered down as if we were in a Holiday Inn Express.Room paled in comparison to our Venetian stay a year earlier.  CRT TV's and no flat screen LCD or LED TV's lent a cheap-o factor to the room.  However, I have to admit we never watched the TV, so maybe they are better informed than we are. Room was half the size of a similar sized Venetian room.The Fountain View room is a must have! We spend at least an hour a day watching the show with music piped into our room. The view of the fountains via room is far beyond the view you get on the strip. There is no comparison, and for that I was happy with out stay.
3	Eh, it's okay. It seems like awhile ago, the Bellagio was the Gold Standard... but now it's being surpassed by alot of other properties (both new and renovated older resorts) - and now Bellagio is just riding off their name.I contacted Bellagio to see what they could do for a 10-block of rooms and while everyone else (Wynn, Palazzo & Aria) quoted lower pricing with tons of great resort credits & perks, Bellagio came in at the highest price with absolutely no extras. Hmm... I guess we're not in a recession at 3600 LV Blvd. South.(Fortunately for them, our hands were tied because they were the birthday girl's favorite hotel.)Rooms are fine - nice decor with decent bathrooms (split vanity, walk-in glass shower and separate garden tub - although lighting sucked... dim and fluorescent). Toiletries are whatever and on the day we checked out, Housekeeping came at 8:45am even though checkout is 12pm Noon.And speaking of Housekeeping, while the sheets in our room were fine, our friends found BLOOD on their sheets.  Even worse, it took like 45 minutes for the maid to come in and swap them out! So, so gross.For the clubs, we didn't go to the Bank but I do know they were charging $30 a head, even for chicks which was surprising. We got a drink at the Caramel lounge but I don't recommend... clientele feels like they came from a different hotel.Buffet was not bad - we went for Brunch. The wait wasn't short but if you've ever been to Boiling Crab, you won't worry abou the line. $25 for regular brunch/lunch $30 to add champagne which isn't bad. Don't eat any carbs though - french toast, waffles, bread, cheese blintz etc. They're not worth it... but I do recommend any fish (Bluenose and Salmon) and the meats were solid (Prime Rib, Hand-Carved Bacon). Breakfast sausage was terrible and dry. Desserts are typical buffet quality with the chocolate eclair being the standout.All in all, while the Bellagio wasn't awful, I don't think I'd ever go back and stay unless I had to. There are just too many awesome resorts in Vegas to deal with this has-been :(
4	Loved our stay! Granted we only stayed one night, but because of this the receptionist gave us an amazing deal, which included a suite with a whirlpool spa. It was my 1st time in Vegas and loved it; only cons are the people in line are super rude and tried to fight us because they insisted we cut in front of them and we slept with the door open ALL night because it seems it's closed but it's not...shove all your weight against it to close it! Also we were told they'd call us (and email us) to wake us and we never got either. Otherwise the room was clean, neat, and comfy and service was good. Will definitely go back.
5	Bellagio was originally named Beau Rivage but, the name was later changed to Bellagio. It's a beautifully water themed resort Inspired by the Lake Como resort of Bellagio in Italy. It's most notable feature is the 8 acre lake between the building and the Strip, which houses the Fountains of Bellagio, a large dancing water fountain synchronized to music. See my review of the fountains for more info on it. Bellagio was conceived by Steve Wynn and built by his company, Mirage Resorts, Inc. following the purchase and demolition of the Dunes hotel and casino in 1993. Bellagio was designed by DeRuyter Butler and Atlandia Design. Bellagio opened October 15, 1998 and had a construction cost of $1.6 billion. In 2000 it became a MGM Mirage property when Mirage Resorts was sold to MGM Grand Inc. for $6.4 billion by Steve Wynn to create MGM Mirage. After the sale of Mirage Resorts Steve Wynn started a new company, Wynn Resorts. All in all I love Bellagio! It was Steve Wynn's crowning achievement until Wynn Las Vegas was built. The atmosphere, fountains, food, shopping and service are all 5 stars. Tons of great shopping like Armani, Chanel, Dior, Fendi, Gucci, Prada, Tiffany and YSL in Via Bellagio! I have never stayed there so I can't compare the rooms but the hotel and casino are almost neck and neck with Wynn Las Vegas and that's saying alot!. Forget Aria and the rest of City Center and stay either here, Wynn or Encore. You'll have a great time. I have added a picture of Steve Wynn's original concept for Beau Rivage which later became the Bellagio. Insider tip: Check will the hotel concierge for times but, you can go on a free tour of all of the different rooms types at Bellagio daily around 3pm. And you don't need to be a hotel guest to go on the tour.
5	Vegas has changed and grown a lot since Bellagio took it's place at the top. This review is just for the water show, that has become a centerpiece for all travelers visiting Las Vegas.The Fountains Of Bellagio, very simply put, is a $40 million dollar water show. There are over 1,000 tubes of compressed air that take in the water from the lake and, with different pressures, patterns, and locations, rocket the air through the water, making the water in the "lake" jump to dizzying heights. But wait, there is more! The show is done to music! If you are lucky enough to sit and watch, they do not play the same music twice, which means the show is always changing.
4	I really like this hotel and the gambling is decent, air quality seems to be better than average as well.
4	ive been to vegas a billion times and have never been in here or in the mirage ever before!!!Its soooo beautiful inside!!, they have soo many things to look at... i was amazed!...Both are so classy as well...you shoudl def.take a look inside these two hotels...
4	Wish I could give 4.5 stars. The Bellagio was absolutely beautiful and our room was amazing. I loved how comfortable the king size bed was - my boyfriend and I had trouble getting out of bed every day. The granite floor, spacious shower, and large tub were absolutely divine! The toiletries were not as impressive - I would have expected higher quality from the Bellagio.The casino was pretty nice - the air quality was WAY better than any other casino we went to. The Buffet was pretty decent and a great deal if you can eat enough meat and crab legs. Try going around 2:30-3 to pay the lunch price but eat the dinner fare (switches over at 4). The line is at least a 30 min to 1 hr wait. I LOVED the pools - they were just gorgeous. The only annoying thing about the hotel was how crowded it was on the whole ground floor (lobby, cafe, conservatory, casino). There were so many visitors with cameras it was overwhelming. Great if you're a visitor, not so much if you're actually staying at the hotel. I guess that's to be expected at most places though. I would definitely stay here again although I would get a fountain-view room next time!
5	I have stayed at almost all of the major hotels on the strip and this was my first experience at the Bellagio. I was completely impressed. Wonderful from check in to check out. all of the employees were very friendly without being snotty, the room was really comfortable and pretty and it really is just a wonderful place to stay. i can't say enough great things about the Bellagio.
5	Didn't stay here but spent an evening gambling here. This place was great. The drink service was fast, even on the penny machines. I was surprised when I ordered a Pina colada and it came back looking all fancy! You don't normally get that with the free drinks in the casino. Will definitely be back here!
5	I must say, I LOVE the Bellagio. From the decor, to the ballin-ness of the hotel itself. Bellagio rules. Venetian is cool and all with their suites, but Bellagio has class. The rooms itself are greatly laid out, giving plenty of room for a party of two. If you get room service in the AM, go with the congee. Its damn incredible and worth the $24 that it costs. Gambling wise, Bellagio has it all. Just don't expect to find $5 tables all over the place. $15+ most of the time. Great shops as well. You'll find all the standard brand names.All in all, you cant go wrong!
4	Penthouse suite.  Just awesome.  The motorized shades are a nice touch.  Truly VIP service.
4	Love it love it love it, even though rooms are nowhere near the quality & luxury of Mandalay Bay, the Hotel, Palazzo, Wynn, etc..  Service is top notch everywhere, the atmosphere is elegant, common areas are beautiful, food and drink are quality, the fountain show from water-view rooms is lovely at night and you can play the music that goes with the fountain display on the hotel's tv channel, your fellow patrons are (usually) fairly classy and those who expect service and class are generally not disappointed.
5	Bellagio!I'm a frequent Vegas visitor because not just for some gambling fun, but I love the city itself for being such a fake tourist destination!  What that means is that if I wanted to see the world, all I have to do is drive 4 hours from LA-LV and I'll get to see all there is to offer.  From Tuscany to Paris, New York to Bali, Dingy to Magnificent, you name it, they got it.  It's such an awesome town not to mention the buffet situation that they got there!  No wonder why I love this city so much!Bellagio!It's a beautiful name and the hotel itself is magnificent as well.  I still remember back in the days when it was completed and how awesome it was with the fountain show and the look of the building, but now, it still retains that allure of beautiful "Fake" Tuscany view" that they offer.  It never gets old.The hotel is definitely an upscale location with the focus on classy and rich clienteles, however, their service I gotta say is absolutely fabulous because they treat everyone the same!  (at least from what I saw and what I've experienced)From checking in we were treated great and was upgraded to a lake view room without additional charge!  Service was fast and friendly and in no time we were in our rooms.  The rooms were decent size, has a slight run down look because it has been here for some time now without much of a renovation job, but still it's in great shape and super clean as usual.  The hallway had the perfect lighting and it just simply felt very nice walking down the aisle to your room.  (I'm not rich guy but this place sure makes you feel like one with very minimal effort!)  One small gripe about this place is that they still don't have LCD TVs....  What's up with that?  But that's ok.... room is still awesome and the view was gorgeous!Speaking of the view.. we were able to enjoy all the water shows (every 15 minutes!) from the comfort of our room with stereo soundtrack of the water dance.... (well!  look those sad people down there.. in the heat, squeezing each other to death in 105+ weather just to see a water show... I'm in my room with the temperature at 69 enjoying a nice glass of whiskey on ice....sounded so snobby doesn't it?....  But man it feels very nice there!)Now the casino itself is no joke either.... terrific decoration all around and gaming tables starting from the lowest at $15 for BJs, $10 for WAR, 25 for Pai Gow, $10 for crabs, $10 for roulette, etc... so better have a budget ready if you know what I mean?  But since it caters to a high end clientele, you will see lots of $100+ bets all over the place....  (If only I have that kind of money to burn.....that would be nice.....)Went over to the pool since it was about 104 the day we spent there... very lovely roman style pool with 6 different pools spawned around the pool area.... 2 larger than full size swimming pools, 3 fountain included pools just for chillin' and R&R, and one small hot tub section as the mingle station!  LOL!  All were really nicely decorated, terrific service, and awesome views all around!Despite we stayed there we did very little gambling because of the high cost.  However, we did enjoy everything else the hotel had to offer such as the pool, restaurant, bars, conservatory, chocolate fountain, etc..  (hopefully I'll have the time to include each of these that I've mentioned)  But one of the most important things to remember about Bellagio is the following.Service?  Service..........yes........ we're talkin' about service.........I've been to Palazzo not too long ago.... super high end hotel but service was slow as snail and wasn't attentive at all.  Bellagio service is no joke.  Everyone from the bellboy to valet to janitor, to reservation clerk to housekeeping to mechanics and to some dude that just work for the hotel was extremely accommodating.  Opening the doors, greeting customers, and housekeeping doing their best to make sure the guest having the best experience possible is completely transparent and on full display.  They will always go out of their way to make sure you feel like a king here!  Just ask the housekeeping ladies for one of the most delicious chocolates from Bellagio and they will make sure you get enough of them while you are staying with them!  They are just so nice all around and all you guys know how much I love a terrific service!  So a good tip was left for every single place we visited while we were in the hotel!One final tip!  For me, I'm not rich enough to stay in Bellagio on a consistent basis, but a good way like we did is to pool the money by having some friends to go along and everyone split the cost!  This way you can save cost while enjoying one of the best hotels available out there in the world. So next time you are in Vegas and have a little bit of money to spend, save yourself a few hands from the blackjack table and give Bellagio a stay!  I'm sure you will love it!
4	I travel to Las Vegas a lot. I stay in their suites at the Bellagio. Their suites are very spacious. Very Large Bathrooms and living areas. Comfortable beds. The Bellagio is a very touristy place so it tends to be very crowded. Staying in a suite the Bellagio provided me with a Line pass for restaurants which allowed me to go to the front of the line. I also had access tot he VIP rom which included complimentary drinks as well as appetzizors. They have elevator attendants checking room keys to keep out the non guests from the living areas. Staff is very helpful and attentive. I also have a review for the Restaurant Sensi inside the Bellagio be sure to check it out.
5	This is my new Las Vegas home they really know how to treat you there. I can't possible say enough good thing about the Bellagio.
3	Beautiful hotel, nice accommodations, excellent service, but with some annoying drawbacks.The rooms are great.  Beds and chairs are comfy, and there's twice-daily housekeeping.  The staff are especially friendly and helpful.Every room has a safe, which is nice.  However, our room (and supposedly most of them) had a 22" CRT television.  It's not a big deal, but what's up with that?The big, big drawback is the wifi.  In an era where McDonald's gives you free wifi. Bellagio charges $15 for 24 hours of wireless access.  Really?  There's not even a 3 days for $25 or such.  I had to get online to do some work, so I didn't have much choice.  My 24 hours ended, and I wasn't going to pay again for the few hours more that I would use before leaving.Another annoyance is the unapologetic gouging in the sundries shops.  Does this really need to be a cost center?  $4 for a liter of Dasani?  I might have gambled in the time I spent walking over to the ABC store across the street.All in all, Bellagio is an excellent destination.  I'll happily upgrade my review to five stars if they make just these two changes:- provide free (or just some nominal charge) wifi- upgrade the televisions
5	I loved this hotel.  It was beautiful.  It wasn't so big that you have to huff and puff your way from the front of the hotel to your room.  Our view of the fountains was amazing!  We spent our wedding and honeymoon here and LOVED it!
5	Our last trip was very pleasant, when we return to Las Vegas it will be Bellagio. Customer service was excellent, starting at the check in to check out. We stayed 3 days. Our room was very clean, with view of city center and the pool. Bellagio buffet? It is the best....
4	Place is beautiful, the buffet is spectacular, the sportsbook phenomenal, O is great with a beautiful theater, and you'll go broke if you stay here, even without gambling.It's palatial and gorgeous with the gardens and lobby, with some fine restaurants.  But when a double beam & diet is $20, oofda!
5	How could you not like this hotel?   So I'll start with the bad first (as the two things are limited).  One is the price and two is the snootiness.  We stayed in a VIP room with a private check in service and complimentary snacks/alcohol.  When we first entered the hotel, we were slightly brushed off until the hotel found out we were VIPs and labeled us with "deep pockets."  After that, we were ushered like royalty.  Seriously, I hate how money rules Vegas.That said, once we were labeled, I had an amazing experience at the Bellagio.  Our room was very spacious, and felt the bathroom was the same size as the room itself (which is probably more important since we spent more time getting ready than sleeping).Although pricy, the food was delicious.  Room service, the breakfast buffet downstairs and various restaurants, everything was delicious and cooked perfectly.  Even at the check-in, that app bar was perfect for us to get pm snacks/wine while getting ready for the long night. All and all, a great hotel to stay at, and I highly recommend everyone to try the Bellagio once.
4	If you want to live the Las Vegas intense, make sure to go here. Right down the strip, great pool, big rooms, good to play poker. I thought it would be a bit over the top and old, but nope, it is in good state. When is Las Vegas understanding it by giving free wifi througout the hotel (also in the rooms).
5	I love the Bellagio!  I have stayed in most of the room categories:  regular lake and pool view rooms, Salon Suite, Bellagio Suite, and Penthouse Suite.  Last weekend, we had the pleasure of trying a regular Lakeview room in the Spa Tower.  It was delightful!  Huge bathroom and bedroom with a great view!I liked that this tower is quiet and less crowded.  It has an easy entrance to the pool and convenience store on the first floor.  It is a much longer walk from the casino and many restaurants, but it is much closer for visiting Aria/City Center!Customer service is always outstanding at Bellagio, and the casino, drink service, restaurants, pool, and Sportsbook are all top of the line.Again, I love Bellagio!
5	One of only three casino resorts in Vegas to earn the AAA FIVE DIAMOND award.  The master piece of Steve Wynn prior to his current master piece and also a five diamond resort, The Wynn.
3	It was really hard rating the Bellagio. I have stayed at the Bellagio four times and I had four different experiences. The first time I stayed at the Bellagio, the experience was amazing. When I was first greeted by the doorman, I knew I would have an enjoyable stay. The receptionist was friendly with us and made sure my sister and I were accommodated. She processed our request without a fee and explained everything to us thoroughly. The room was a bit dark due to the dark wood furnishings. The Queen size bed was comfortable and the bathroom was magnificent. I love the fact that there is a bathtub separate from the shower. One thing I recommend, if you are not purchasing anything from the mini fridge, DO NOT OPEN THE FRIDGE. My sister and I were charged just for opening the fridge, which I find pretty ridiculous. Casino wise, I think the dealers need to be a bit more friendly or at least talkative. They seem miserable, which I understand since they are working long hours and have to deal with a variety of people; however, that is your job. Be friendly!. A dealer by the name Gary was and still is (if he is still around) my favorite dealer. He would crack jokes and show us a good time at the Blackjack Tables.The second time I stayed at this hotel and casino, the experience was mediocre. The receptionist were friendly but not as resourceful as the previous time and our requests were not taken upon the receptionist for execution. The room was the same and the first night I was there, I ordered room service because I was not feeling too well. The delivery man was friendly but he forgot to bring me utensils and the glass of water. When I mentioned this, he was nice enough to bring it up but I saw the eye roll. Do they think you can eat a salad with your hands?The third and fourth time was downhill and the fourth time, was my last time. The service wasn't that great and I felt as if I were in a three star hotel instead of a five star. I would say I love the Bellagio but I would be lying.Other stuff I have tried in the Bellagio:The spa is nice and relaxing. They offer complimentary snacks and drinks. The masseuse made sure I was taken care of. The buffet is AMAZING. I think it is the best on the strip to be honest.
4	The menu is a bit overpriced but the food is tasty and the staff is tentative. I had breakfast and lunch here and to be honest, I liked breakfast better. I had two eggs sunny side up with sausage and home fries. The eggs were poached but runny in the middle, perfectly made! The sausage was mouth watering the home fries, which I am not a big fan off, were good to the point where I wanted more.For lunch I had a Tuna Sandwich without the fries and it was made exactly the way I like it, it was not smothered with mayonnaise. The waitress was nice enough to bring me a side salad since I didn't want the french fries/
4	The FABULOUS Bellagio.  Yes, it is that sumptuous. This past week, I had the remarkable opportunity due to a client visit and conference to stay at the property, attend a conference and dine several times. I could write reviews of all of the components individually, but that would take up far too much time.  Instead, I will write in aggregate about many of the features.1.  Hotel rooms - four stars.  They have delightful rooms with vast glass showers, soothing bed sheets, beautiful views, a simple but elegant turn down service and all that you should need in the room.  They don't get five stars because I had to pay for wireless access - seriously?  $15 a day simply for access seems silly.  Also, don't bother with the minibar or snack selections - they are a fortune.  The room sizes are really ample. I live in 550 sq. ft and I think the room (including bathroom) was bigger than my condo.2.  Convention services - three stars.  Because of the size of the facility, it takes forever to walk to your venue.  There were multiple AV issues for both presenters and the audience and networking connectivity varied over time.  On the plus side, the food was remarkable at lunch and in the cocktail hour one evening, kind of meh at breakfast.  Not much to enjoy if you don't do carbs.3. The Bellagio Buffet - four stars. They don't get five because the wait to get in can be as long as an hour, the place is usually packed to the gills and the service can be hit or miss on the drinks.  In terms of the food, it is unbelievable, particularly in terms of both depth and breadth of choice.  You don't want to go on the weekend if you can avoid it as the buffet becomes "deluxe" which jacks the price up $7 (29.95 to 36.95) and the "normal" buffet still is amazing.  Make sure you go after the high protein items.  My friend Aron and I grubbed deeply on crab legs, shrimp, prime rib, NY strip, lamb, Chateaubriand, etc...that was the value.  The Friday night "deluxe" buffet did include quite a few exotics - quail, ostrich, carved duck breast, etc...Oh, and to the four service people who ignored my friend Aron's request for Thousand Island dressing refill - BAD CALL / EPIC FAIL. How hard is it to refill the dressing container?  It cost part of the tip and prevented me from giving it five stars for the entire review.4. The Bellagio Fountains - five stars. Watch from the elevated veranda roundelay in front of the hotel so as not to be overwhelmed by all the plebes not staying at the FABULOUS Bellagio. (That was for you Aron!)  The best part - it is FREE!5. The FIX restaurant - two stars. Overpriced, loud and without alcohol, two people was over $160.  I know I am an epicurean, but I expect all components of dining, including environment to be amazing and in this case, deeply disappointing.5.  The Fitness Center and Spa - FIVE stars.  Originally off put by the $25 a day (which runs from 6 am to 8 pm), we decided to go down on Friday morning early 6:30 am to get our workout on before the conference.  What a GREAT decision! As a long term weightlifter who has now looked to CrossFit and HIIT, they had ample equipment and machinery for everyone.  Loved their cardio equipment and because there was so much of it, I never had to wait a second.  The crowing glory however was the spa.  Three jacuzzi spas (102, 104, 106 F, respectively), a cool (room temp) plunge, eucalyptus steam room, dry sauna, complementary beverages, ice towels, fluffy & silky robes, luxurious large, enclosed rain showers (with primo soap, shampoo & conditioner), full on grooming with razors, qtips, etc... and shorts you can borrow, it was THE best part of the trip.  After doing a 45 minute workout, having a steam and sauna, not to mention the luxurious shower, I was fully focused and centered for a day of sitting and doing the mental work the convention required.  It was such a delight, since our day pass was still good, at 6 pm, where were we for another hour and a half? Yep, the spa!  Totally worth it.Overall, if I was going to hit Vegas again for vacation or a business trip, I would definitely go back to this property.  Some minor lessons learned, but mostly remarkable.  No kidding about the Spa. I would go back just for that!
4	Nice hotel, often pricier than other newer hotels that I like better like Wynn, Palazzo, Encore, Venetian, but still quite nice. The rooms range widely in quality. I've stayed in suites in old and new buildings and regular rooms and the suites in the newer building are my favorite.Prices vary in my experience more widely here than most of the other hotels. There are great restaurants, especially Picasso, and a devine little ice creamery downstairs. Lots of nice restaurants, limited but well-chosen shopping, good service, decent room service, one of the more popular pools in Vegas, easy parking and a good location for getting up and down the Strip. Oh, and they have those delightful dancing fountains too. Remember to stay in the new tower.The Conservatory area is a beautiful open air atrium with interesting showpieces that do change once in a while. The spa is nice and the salon, while pricey provides excellent service.Our favorite spot for people watching in all of Las Vegas is here at the Piano and Caviar Bar in the main lobby right across from reception. You can enjoy the stunning Chihuly glass ceiling artwork while sipping Champagne, savoring caviar and watching an almost incomprehensible number of people flowing in, out and around the hotel and bar.The piano players here know their stuff and the waitresses are long-time Vegas gals with a lot of great experience to offer if you strike up a conversation with them.The caviar is crazy expensive, but not out of line with the rest of Vegas caviar prices, and the selection is vast and delicious. Champagne prices are also on the higher side, so be prepared for $600 and higher bills for two people. If you don't have caviar, enjoy the cheese plate and other menu items and one of their signature cocktails. This is a great place to be any time it is open just because of the strategically perfect location for people watching.
5	As a special trip, we splurged and got a Bellagio partial Lake View Suite which cost a ton but was a once in a lifetime sort of thing for us. We both loved the room. Huge layout with three bathrooms total. His a her bathrooms with giant hot tub, giant steam shower, power drapes with a incredible view of the fountains, giant screen HD TV's, mini bar, sitting area and super fine service. Fist time I have ever had a room with a door bell. It was like a condo. With this room you get VIP status with private limos from and to the airport, special line passes for the taxi and restaurant lines and a private executive lounge with all sorts of drinks and goodies. They will service your room twice a day if you like with a turn down service in the evening. We spent as much time as possible in the room and were sorry to go. What an experience. Would do it again.
4	The Bellagio Cafe is so wonderful! The cafe is so elegant and the staff is wonderful. The food was really good although a bit overpriced but what do you expect I suppose. My grilled vegetable sandwich with a side of coleslaw was like $14. The staff is so great and helpful though which makes the dining experience wonderful. You can eat inside play keno and enjoy a nice meal while catching a glimpse of the conservatory as well.
4	The Bellagio is not the cheapest place to stay on the Strip, but you know it's going to be quality. The room will be clean, the beds will be comfortable, and the little things you expect to be done will be done.If it's your first time in Las Vegas, it's kind of fun to watch the water show from your room if you have a room over looking the water.
4	The B continues to satisfy. Much better service and ambience than Aria. Also, the Conservatory and lobby are matchless in Vegas. Disagree with the Spa Tower review. The rooms are newer but a bit more sterile. Even with the obvious staff cutbacks the place works. One major deficiency, that has always been there , is the lack of valet service. Too long a line at check in. Not always a welcoming valet. At pickup they hand you your keys if you've called down for the car in advance. Costs them a tip. I don't get it.
4	Love this casino really classy but expensive place to stay and play. High min limit tables and the rooms are clean but kinda old school gold everywhere. The buffet there is one of the best you can find. The best thing is the fountain show out side and it free, it the one thing about the Bellagio that makes it the center piece of Vegas.
3	Perhaps my expectations were high. If you are not a regular to Vegas, and don't know what building, side of the building, floor, or whatever to ask for and just get a room, here's a review for you. Room was clean, but worn. They warn you at the front desk not to even touch anything in the minibar or you will be automatically charged. We locked ours and forgot about it. Room was spacious. furniture not fancy, but adequate, but fairly scuffed and in need of touch up. Front desk staff very friendly. After seeing a few other hotels while here, I think Planet Hollywood or the Venetian would be more fun.
5	I loveee this hotel!!! It is absolutely amazing and always fun!!! The cafe bellagio is da bomb too!!  The spa is something else just an all around awesome hotel!
4	I loved it here!!!! SO beautiful inside. The seasonal decorations are absolutely beautiful and the ceiling when you walk in is amazing!!!! The casino is pretty good , but everything is an expensive buy in.The bars are sooo expensive too, when I stay places like this I am so thankful I am a girl. One bar in there, I forgot the name, I ordered 2 royal flush shots and they were $50.00! The rooms are so pretty and so comfy. I wasnt very impressed with the shower though- normally really nice hotels have really nice showers. I did not like the staff at all. They talk to you like you are stupid- it was my first time in Vegas and I think I asked a total of 3 questions to 3 different men who worked there, and got all rude responses. Overall, pretty cool place to stay or at least visit!
5	Simply cannot find anything negative to say about the Bellagio....  You know it really is that good when you start looking for negative things.Perfect all the way around.This hotel is rivaled (and perhaps beaten) only by Encore. Will definately return.  Ask any question and the answer is the Bellagio will make your experience fantastic!
1	I was so surprised with this place this past weekend.  The customer service was terrible!  You go to Bellagio knowing it is going to be an expensive weekend but are happy to spend the money because you expect excellent service.  However, the service was terrible and the people working at this hotel were rude and acted like they hated their job.  I would never stay at this hotel again which is a shame because this used to be my favorite hotel in Las Vegas.  Not anymore.
5	How can one resist the beautiful and awesome fountain show outside or a stroll in the botanical garden? I love how they seasonally update the botanical garden with fresh flowers and designs. The restaurants here are all good and the rooms and views are breathtaking. I want every bathroom in my house to look as nice as the Bellagio's! *sigh* I still miss the plushness of it all.Will definitely return here too again and again and again...
3	This review is mainly to reflect our opinion on the hotel room. We had a luxury room with $30 upgrade for the fountain view. We were there for only 1 night. Once we got into the room, as usual, we checked if everything was okay so we wouldn't be blamed for something not done by us. We found 2 lights not working, and 1 pillow was missing. So we called for fixing the light. One of our door card keys didn't work too. Since we didn't have enough time (just one night), so we rushed to the pool to enjoy our time, and then went to have dinner. We went back after dinner and ready for bed, and also enjoyed couple fountain shows from our view. Then I found that the pillows had stains, and my husband also found some food debris and trash between the bed and the wall, so we felt grossed out. We were struggling if we wanted to complain right away but we got too tired, so we decided to complain the other day. We didn't get the door card key fixed right away because of the long long lines at the registration desks. We really didn't want to waste our only night there with fixing this and that. The other day when we checked out, we told the registration desk how dissatisfied we were. She apologized and told us that they would have given us a better room if they told them earlier. But I explained to her that we only had one night and didn't want to spoil it by switching rooms and fixing here and there. So she offered to waive our upgrade fee of $30, which is fair enough for us. So it was resolved.But I wouldn't want to go back staying at Bellagio hotel rooms again, because with that price, I could have better rooms at Aria and Venetian, and we like the rooms and everything better in Aria and Venetian too. Bellagio room is nice but not nice enough for that price. So it's okay to experience it just once and not going back again. And the beds aren't that comfy, probably because it's getting old. The shower water pressure wasn't that strong either. It's an old hotel....nice outside but not inside. We had better beds and shower at Aria and Venetians.....so.....with all these comparisons, Bellagio room wasn't that great. If there was no fountain view, there is nothing good about the room for us. We felt that the room isn't clean as a whole. I felt a bit itchy the other morning. Yes probably we could have better room if we complained earlier. But I still think that a 5 star should have every room cleaned well at their first round, shouldn't need to wait for someone complaining to clean the room thoroughly, meanwhile we felt that the rooms are very clean at Venetian and Aria. No bellagio anymore for us.
3	the bellagio was very much the traditional standard that i expected. it was very classy and hit every expectation that i had of it. i will also say that vegas has grown up since the bellagio was the place to be and i think that there are many places that now rival the bellagio for the title of place to be. the bathroom was amazing! so whoever posted that prior; i would agree with that comment. our room seemed to be a little on the warm side. the room seemed to be on some sort of timer system for the air condition because it was warm in the middle of the night; but it was nice and cool in the morning - we tried messing with it to fix it but we were unsuccessful. i was surprised at how few people seemed to be in the bellagio at various times throughout the night. one little quirk that i also saw with the bellagio was that food seemed to be a bit of a challenge and what i mean by that is that there are plenty of sit-down places in the bellagio (especially dinner and after dinner-drinks) but something as simple as a starbucks is nowhere to be seen. i thought it a little silly that you basically had the bellagio buffet or the snacks area next to the sports book to grab a breakfast. overall - i am really glad that i stayed here but i will definitely take a look at others the next time around. i think that renovations are a must for this place to not become a dinosaur...i mean our pool-view room didn't even have flat screen tv's in the room.
4	I must say, as much as Vegas changes and new hotels continue to pop up, I still have to hand it to the Bellagio as one of my favorites. Sure Steve Wynn went on to bigger and arguably better things at the Wynn and Encore. But when it comes to classic styling, the Bellagio takes the crown.There are several reasons why the Bellagio still tops my list. One huge reason is the awesome fountain display out front. It's easily the best free entertainment we have on the strip. Whenever I have friends visit from out of town, I always recommend they catch a show or two. My favorite, hands down, is Con Te Partiro (Time to Say Goodbye), but anything from Frank Sinatra satiates my appetite for dancing water. Heck, I'll even take some Celine.I have also stayed in one of their suites. This was years ago right after Ocean's 11 came out. Some friends were intent on experiencing the Vegas depicted in the film and pretty much showed up to the front desk and paid for the room. It's one of the nicest rooms I've ever stayed in. I've seen the suites at the Venetian and Palazzo and they are very nice too, but there's just something about the Bellagio.Don't forget the always changing Conservatory and it's seasonal botanical garden display. They don't seem to change it out as often as they used to, but it's always worth checking out.Of course, you also have the hand-blown glass flowers that adorn the ceiling of the foyer. I didn't fully appreciate them when I first saw them, but they've grown on me. Just the amount of work that went into all that art - it's truly amazing. In fact, that was the reason I went there today and consequently, that's pretty much the reason why I'm writing this review. I snapped a pic for my daily photo blog and I needed an excuse to share it here on Yelp.Sure other strip hotels have outdone the Bellagio. Sure it's no longer the place to be on the strip. But class never goes out of style. And the Bellagio has plenty of it.
2	The Front Desk was less than helpful :(.  Much rather spend my money at a hotel that actually cares about their guests.
4	It's a gorgeous hotel! Depending on where you're at there are some nice views. I usually visit Bellagio for the shops. The dancing water is always something intriguing to watch! I wouldn't recommend staying here only because it's so crowded on the strip!
3	It seems that MGM properties is where once-great-resorts go to retire and slowly fade to obscurity.  I hope I'm wrong, but our last visit didn't instill any confidence that I am.  Sigh.  We stayed for five nights in the Bellagio and were a bit disappointed in the service, room quality, and general care of the property.  We spent a week at Wynn last year and can honestly say that Wynn and Encore set the bar high for luxury resorts on the Strip.  Bellagio was, at one point, the best Las Vegas had to offer.  The switch from Wynn to MGM management is reflected (negatively) in the quality of service (not as good as before), the care of the room (outstanding maintenance needed in both rooms we had), and the condition of the property as a whole.  And, on a side note, why are they still running the same fountain shows they started with 10 years ago?Bellagio is a nice property and a great place to visit and stay--though not as nice as it once was.
5	I love this casino.  It is so nice and everyone there is wonderful.  I love the gaming floor and the rooms are amazing.  The pastry shop is wonderful and I would advise anyone to have the flourless chocolate cake.
4	This is a five star hotel that gets 4 stars because the rent is just too damn high.
3	I know this is a beautiful hotel, but I can't give more than a three even though we scored a great deal for our room.  Why?  Amenities!  Last year we stayed at the Excalibur and the room at Bellagio was definitely nicer (the bathroom was amazing) with a gorgeous view of the fountains (we upgraded), but at the Excalibur you have free access to the gym (and it was a nice gym at that).  Not so at the Bellagio.  Instead you have to pay for gym and spa access.  Mind you,  the spa access does not include any treatments either.  Just access to their sauna etc.  Considering that most major hotels across the country allow free gym access, I find this to be a major issue.  Now the other major issue is shared by all hotels on the Strip.  I don't know what it is about Las Vegas, but why isn't internet access free?  It is at most any other nice hotel in the country.  Other issues: The Bellagio does not hand out any freebies at all, unlike some of the other hotels on the strip.  Unfortunately, during our stay there was a fair amount of construction noise going on from the Cosmopolitan next door.  We've run into this issue before while in Vegas.  I don't know why they have to start noisy construction machinery at 5AM in the morning.  It may have even been earlier than that.  Very annoying.  Despite all that, we did have a nice stay.  Especially since we were able to watch constant fountain shows from our room all night.  The fountain shows at Bellagio are the nicest on the strip.
5	Came heare for breakfast buffet. Omg Worht the price to eat there breakfast! there eggs benedic are amazingly good. they dont keep there food out no more than 30 min if its under a heat lamp. they will replace it. fresh various food, from pizza to a omlet stand, to prime rib. it was about 30$ per person (with alcohol)
5	Gorgeous hotel, great service (well, the daily room service was great.) If you stay here, there is no need to leave as they have everything: multiple restaurants and lots of shopping (if you're into that.) I LOVED the lobby, this is the main reason I wanted to stay here. Room had a great bed, beautiful decor and a HUGE awesome bathroom and shower.Weird comment, I know, but the humidity of the room was REALLY low and the water was REALLY hard so our stay here, albeit awesome, resulted in some dry itchy and unpleasant skin. Definitely stay here if looking for something more upscale and romantic. If looking for fun? I'd recommend the Hard Rock Hotel. Hotel was definitely fancy!
5	Classy and tasteful, the Bellagio makes everything better (just like chocolate).The husband booked us the ultimate romance package through the Bellagio this past weekend and let me just tell you...it was splendiferous! We stayed in what is called a cypress suite which had the square footage of our home. There were private baths and a giant king size bed facing the strip and fountain show. The room included a steam shower, a jacuzzi tub, a living room with giant flat screen TV, electric window shades, and so much more.Everything was superb from the housekeeping staff popping in to offer chocolates to the casino floor that despite being a smoke friendly atmosphere doesn't smell like smoke at all. Oh and the room was immaculately clean.  The package we received included pick up and drop off at the airport via limo. Not only were the drivers friendly, they really took care to show you how very fancy Vegas can be from a limo. Of course everyone loves the fountains at the Bellagio, while we were there we saw probably 50 shows from various vantage points. The view from the room couldn't be beat and you can listen to the music on the TV. Our friends had a room without a view and in retrospect they decided that paying the extra for the view would have been highly worth it.If you are looking for luxury in Vegas stick with the Bellagio.
3	Vegas baby... wait what?Bellagio is a staple of new Vegas. I booked a room there a few weeks back and can say the hotel itself is of course beautiful. The hotel incorporates an atrium area that was both beautiful and whimsical. Picture being in the middle of a Tim Burton film.The room - Surprisingly basic except for the bed. Great bathroom with separate shower and tubs. The bed was incredibly soft. The walls however are shockingly thin and I could easily hear what sounded like a stripper party next door. (nothing wrong with that, it is Vegas) Because of that, I wouldn't suggest getting much sleep.Parking - Free and lots of it. No complaints here.Casino - Higher priced tablesIf this hotel were in Dallas, no doubt it would get 5 stars. But due to the cost and the expectations associated with the Bellagio, I am forced to give it a 3. I believe if you want to shell out the bucks on a room, check into the Aria.
4	The Bellagio was one of my favorite locations. The architecture is grand with sweeping hallways, sculpted glass, and fantastic decor. The Christmas decorations were beautiful. The lady at the front desk told me that people have to come to Bellagio five times a year for their decor changes - Christmas, Chinese New Year, Spring, Summer, and Fall. The stores are high end and just fun to window shop in. They have a couple of museums and the garden which is decorated fantastically.
5	I've stayed at a few hotels in Vegas, and this one is by far the best I've ever experienced.  I realized it's a little pricey, but it's worth every cent in my humble opinion.  Let's start with check-in.  They had everything absolutely perfect.  They knew I had paid for the room through Delta Vacations and had charged the upgrade directly from them.  Great start!The room.  Oh, the room!  When I made the upgrade with Bellagio, they moved us up to  the 25th floor with a lake view.  The bathroom was exquisite with it's marble foyer and bath.  The bed was so comfortable!  My only recommendation is that they add a floor-length mirror in the foyer like at the Aria.  I know they have the mirrors in the armoir, but the doors don't open as far as I'd like to be able to see myself without holding the door--minor criticism to say the least.The hotel staff were all wonderfully polite and accommodating.  Housekeeping comes by twice a day, and they greet you whenever they see you in the hallway.  Even the maintenance staff greeted us in the hallway!  The first morning we woke up late and saw that we had a message from housekeeping saying they weren't able to service our room because of our privacy hanger.  After we called them back, they said they'd be more than happy to service the room.  So nice!The hotel has great restaurants, exquisite decorations, feng shui casino, and they have the Cirque du Soleil, "O" theatre!  The only thing lacking really are a couple cheap places where you can grab a quick bite.  We made up for that by taking the tram to City Center for that though.  Another great example of how accommodating this place is my friend wanted to see a fountain show featuring Celine Dion.  He ended up calling the concierge who called someone to verify if and when the next Dion song would be.  Unfortunately she informed him that they would not be playing the song for the next two days, but to our surprise, the very next show was "My Heart will Go On". A second example is when we checked-out.  They said we had had some pretzels, but we didn't.  They immediately took care of the issue for us.  Furthermore, check out is at noon.  We didn't check out until 2pm, and they didn't bring it up as an issue.If you're looking for a great hotel in Vegas on the Strip, you need to come to Bellagio.  I was extremely pleased with everything here, which was a surprise even to me.
4	I know it's the Bellagio. I know it's been in Ocean's 11/12 and so forth. I know it's gotten heaps and heaps of awards and ratings and first born sacrifices (okay, maybe not the latter). And yes, their fountain show can be pretty breathtaking (with the right song that is). But dang if it isn't EXPENSIVE. Like 2 croissants for $8 expensive. Like paying $25+ for a day of internet expensive. Like look but don't touch expensive. I'm sure the ballers love it but for a regular Jane like me, it was a bit tough enjoying all the amenities when a lot of them came at a hefty price. There was at least one snarky cocktail waitress who definitely judged us for our age being by the Pai Gow tables. And there weren't many great affordable places to eat on the fly compared to the Venetian and other hotels on the strip. But I must admit, it is very beautiful to look at. Their Christmas display near the main lobby was getting the finishing touches when we arrived. Animatronic penguins building igloos, polar bears made of flowers, giant ornaments and dancing streams of water, definitely magical. Almost classic by now, the Dave Chihuly display of colorful rainbow flowers adorn the main lobby ceiling. Most of the service we experienced was quite friendly and they have a man outside who always hails you a taxi. All in all, I've only stayed at two hotels in Vegas and the Bellagio is definitely a classy joint. But perhaps just too posh posh for my taste. Not too many folks my age wreaking havoc here!P.S. I'm 23, not 16, I just realized I didn't clarify as I wrote it. =)
5	Simply amazing. The customer service is impeccable, the decorations are beautiful, the casino is great and fun (looooved it), and the rooms are clean and comfortable. Cannot wait to go back to Las Vegas for another stay here. I felt oddly at home here, which is worrisome for my wallet!
4	The Bellagio is a pretty landmark Vegas hotel, so when I had the chance to stay there for work, I was pretty excited.  The place is pretty classy, except the rooms don't have flat screen TVs. I'm really not sure how this is possible with so much hotel competition in Vegas, but its true. If Bellagio fixed that, the hotel would probably get 5 stars. Regardless of how much money they took from me in the pits.
5	High end shopping, hotel, restaurants, and gambling....if you can't afford it, don't complain when you get here.  There are other hotel/casino properties in Vegas that will accommodate your budget.Some can't miss places here:- Conservatory & Botanical Garden.....this is spectacular, especially during the holiday season.  They change up the garden every few months, so you'll see something new often.- The Chihuly Glass in the lobby.  Amazing stuff, it's on the ceiling so look up.- Bellagio Fountains (separate review).  Awesome show....best seen when it's not windy though.- High end shopping mall near the entrance at the Strip.- Cirque du Soleil "O"......spectacular show that features water and acrobatics.We love this place and enjoy coming here a few times a year even though it's on the Strip.
4	Bellagio is great for over the top splendor and old people high style. Obvious must see for tourists. I prefer high end style like Aria and Cosmo first. But it is a good spot. Hard to park though. I wish they had  locals offers for the Buffet or the Art Museum. But they could care less about that.
4	Very pretty. Great location - very central. Best part is the choreographed fountains. Hard to describe, but just very very cool.
5	My favorite place to stay in Vegas hands down.  I've been to Vegas only  about 10 times, and the last three times, I've stayed at the Bellagio. Can you say remote control mini-blinds?  HUGE Godzilla like Jet tub in the bathroom?  (ooohh my girlfriends and I loved this HUGE tub feature and I WISHED I was not single all three times I stayed here.)Each year, me and the girls would take a few  three day tours trip.  Not 'The Hangover' style, kind of trip, but just to go and work. (We did promotions for Weight training protein shakes and went during the bodybuilding expos- no naughty ideas here kids- sheeeeesh)Anyhow, we always tried to room at the Bellagio and always got the room for 99.00 per night for all three of us.  That's right. 99.00 per night. To be fair, this was in May/June.  Plus, we were treated like royalty because of the company we were with, and who we represented and worked for. Also- the main manager is a HUGE horror movie fan, so that helped me a lot later on down the road when I wanted to stay here the next year on my own just for fun during the yearly electronic show, but I ended up not being able to go. Still it was nice to know the price would be right later in, in the future. The best little place to have breakfast is Palio.  Us girls loved loved loved the espresso and the granola parfait's are really big and  delish!The beds are the kind you can snuggle on and never want to leave, if you're ever there with someone who likes to snuggle.
4	Spent two nights at Bellagio's Spa Tower this December.  Our flight arrived at 730am so we were at the hotel before 9am.  We were pleasantly surprised when they let us check in early so we did not mind the ugly view (parking garage) from our hotel room.  The room had an understated elegance to it.   The turndown service (with chocolates to boot) was another pleasant surprise.  Checkout was a breeze.  Getting a cab to take us back to the airport was no hassle either.  We definitely enjoyed our stay at the Bellagio.
3	This is just a review for the hotel room itself.   It was just okay for me.Good points::: Bathroom ~ Love the large bathtub and the ambiance.  The bathtub was so relaxing:: Closet space ~ Thank you for split closets on the sides of the television.  The split closets also had individualized spaces for shoes, so you could separate them without taking floor space.:: Chocolate.  2 milk chocolates are left whenever they clean the room.:: Late check out.  Thank you for allowing us 1.5 hours to relax before our flight.  Nice!Bad points::: Full length mirrors.  Really?  The only full length mirrors are inside the closets that DON'T swing open all the way?  The angle of the two rooms I stayed in were facing away or towards the sun.  Not good Bellagio.  Back light or direct lighting is no good when getting ready.:: Lighting.  Very sexy and relaxing during the evening.  But if you're getting ready for nighttime clubbing or dinner, then it's not so good.  It would be nice if there was a brightness gauge.  :: Chocolate.  Boo.  The 2nd room we checked into did not have chocolates.  You forgot =(:: Shampoo and conditioner.  Could it get any cheaper?  I did bring my own, but thought I would use it one night.  My hair has never felt drier or with the least amount of body before.  Could Bellagio not get a deal with a better company?  =(The hotel itself is pretty awesome.  Beautiful Christmas decoration set ups, the night life is fun ~ hung out at the Fountain Bar with a live band, ate okay food at the Bellagio Cafe, and okay food at the Snack bar.  So good to visit, not the best to stay.  I expected more with the prices.
4	We've been to Las Vegas about six times.  We've visited Bellagio for a meal and shopping, but this was our first time to stay there.  I would say that in many ways the Bellagio is the best on the Strip.  The location couldn't be better.  The interior decor and finish is exceptional.  I'm a bit of a furniture enthusiast so I notice things like the chairs.  At Bellagio you can sit in a $1,500 designer Louis XVI chair while you eat your crepes in the marble promenade.  Most of the other casinos use something more like a $200 pottery barn throw away chair and serve pretzels and hot dogs.   Walk through the casino floor and listen to Frank Sinatra and you get a classy feeling.  Other casinos?  Well, I remember hearing Sweet Home Alabama several times and I felt like I was back in college looking for someone with a beer bong.  I guess there is something for everyone but the Bellagio just feels right for us.The location is in the heart of the strip and it has many beautiful attractions that don't have a fee (rare in Vegas).  Subsequently, it gets very crowded.  That is the major downside.The food ranges from "good" to "unbelievable" depending on your budget.  I've seen other reviews that complain of $8 rolls, but c'mon people, this is Vegas.  They get you in with a low cost hotel room (we paid $155/night total) and then you pay to play, eat, drink and enjoy.  I didn't see any $8 rolls while I was there.  The food prices seem reasonable for a luxury hotel.  I would even say it's cheap compared to others.  I've paid $30 for breakfast at The Le Meridian in Munich and it is not nearly as good $15 breakfast buffet at Bellagio.  The service is good as well.  It's not great, but what do you expect at a buffet?  I never found myself needing more coffee.  That's enough for me.The standard room is decent size and comfortable for staying a few days with two people.  It would be cramped with four.  I've had better and I've had worse.  We stayed in the Spa tower and had a full view of the fountains.  That was nice.  I selected "No" on the "Good for Kids" rating.  There are not really any attractions or activities for kids at Bellagio.  On a personal note, I really can't understand why you would bring kids to Vegas in the first place.  It seems like a good place for getting away from kids to me.I expect that we will stay at Bellagio on our next trip to Vegas.
4	Good hotel!We got a partial view room, but I felt like we it was a good view anyway because we could see the fountain and part of the strip.The hotel employees were very nice.  We had some problems with one of the lights and our safe, and the engineers were very efficient!  We accidentally forgot to take off our "Privacy" sign and they called us to let us know that the engineer was outside, I thought that was nice.The belldesk is very nice in helping you get your luggage and etc.  We got an older man which I thought was gonna be an asshole, but he turned out to be really nice!Everyone was just nice! Awesome!
4	I've never actually stayed here (so I don't feel right giving it 5 stars), but I just had to give a shout out to the hotel security.  I partied at The Bank one night, and my phone fell out of my purse.  I realized that it was gone, and the staff helped me look for a bit.  When we couldn't find it that night, one of the security members led me directly to the security booth (where the lost and found is located) and gave me the direct phone number for the booth.  The next day, I called a couple times and talked to some incompetent people (another reason I downgraded to 4 stars), but when I did finally speak to a woman who seemed to know what she was doing, she found my camera!  She asked me great questions to make sure it was my camera (like what my background picture was) so that I wouldn't waste my time coming to the Bellagio if it wasn't my phone.  Also, the casino was really nice.  See my review of The Bank for my thoughts on the nightclub.  Hint: I had a great time!
5	My favorite hotel/casino in Vegas. Convienant valet parking right off the freeway and Flamingo. The hotel pays close attention to small detail things. They have great restaurants a great sportsbook and a cool conservatory that changes i believe every other month.
4	Not sure I can add much to what's been said already, but here goes...Stayed here five days, right before Christmas.Rates were fantastic.  Upgraded to a fountain view room for $25 a day, and room was still only $125 a night.That $25 a day was the best money I've ever spent in Vegas.I never got tired of the fountains.  The classical and 'light' classical selections were far and away the best.  The room (a regular King bed bedroom) -  bath was huge and very nice.  Lots of marble, but not super tacky.  They hide the hand towels in the vanity drawers, so look there before calling for more hand towels.Lots of storage space in the main room.  Comfortable bed.Old-style tube television.  Seems ridiculous, given the opulence of the hotel itself.What others say about noise is true.  You can hear every word from people in the hallways.  So if you go, do everyone a favor and don't talk noisily in the halls.  I didn't hear much from the rooms on either side, though.Casino and grounds are beautiful, and very clean.Staff was friendly and professional.Downside, as others have pointed out...... the dining options are VERY expensive.  Nearly every restaurant is some version of fine dining, with entrees starting at $35, and topping out over $60.  The buffet is ok, but when we were there the lines were often two hours long.  It's not close to being worth a long wait.The Bellagio Cafe is the 'reasonably priced' sit down option, with entrees around $20.  It clearly shares a kitchen with the buffet.  It was just ok.  Very pretty space, overlooking the Conservatory.  But it had a buffet feel to it.  And it's huge, so it's easy for the staff to not get to your table for long periods.  Honestly, I wouldn't eat there again.There is a sandwich shop called Snacks which was a great option.  Only has half a dozen tables, so likely you'll have to take it to go.  GREAT fries, good sandwiches.  Very reasonably priced.  Very friendly staff.The other 'light fare' option (sorry, forget the name, but it's in conjunction with the gelato shop across the hall), was very expensive.  Coffee and breakfast sandwiches for two was $34.The spa and gym were $70 for a three day pass (daily rates available also).  Normally I'm too cheap to do that, but the spa was very nice.  Multiple jacuzzis, nice steam room, great lounging area with fruits and drinks.  Very good staff.It was too cold for outdoor swimming, but their pool area is really beautiful.  Multiple pools, great landscaping, etc.Also got a great haircut from a young blond guy (sorry, forgot his name).  Was $60, but honestly the best haircut I've ever had.  One nice touch is you can order mixed drinks from your haircut chair.Note:  It's not obvious but if you want to go to the new uber trendy City Center development there is a tram from Bellagio to the City Center, and I believe an adjoining walkway from the tram station.  Saves you having to walk all the way around (due to limited street crossings a hotel 'across the street' can sometimes be a twenty minute trek).  Ask hotel staff how to get to it.I'd give them five stars, but I honestly can't give any hotel that doesn't have high-def TV five stars.  And the lack of moderately priced dining options is pretty annoying after a couple of days.  Would I stay again?  Yes.
4	Ok, well have stayed @ Bellagio many times. Service is 5 starsOk, admit I am just now reviewing Bellagio, having just stayed at Aria for xmas. Rooms are getting a little out out date, but cannot complain since we were upgraded to a GIANT suite on the last visit. Yup, 3 bathrooms, living room, dining area, more flat screen TV/monitors than I have at home (which is a few), electronically controlled blinds.  Love the security features of limiting the access to the masses to the suite floors.  The pool area is fantastic w/ the private cabanas that you reserve (rent). The lobby ceiling with its Chahuli glass remains a touch-stone, something to experience. The garden court / atrium which changes with the season is always fun to see. Itsa Vegas experience. A funny thing that elevated my energy to review the LV joints was an interview of Wayne Newton (singer and LV resident) by Jay Leno. Wayne said he and Steve Wynn (built Bellagio, Wynn, Encore etc.) were having dinner and 3 ladies approached the table asking for an autograph and of course Wayne said "of course",  and reached for his pen, WRONG... they wanted Steve Wynn's autograph.  I thought it was big of Wayne N. to admit this, and amazing Steve W. attracts the ladies (oooops he has really deep pockets). Bellagio operates like a well oiled machine. Comfy, grand, stately, classy. Encountering many folk from all over the world. Bellegio, even when it opened has an "old world" classy feel. I think I will summer at Bellagio and winter at ARIA. I continue to find some reviews hilarious, check out the review which states that the reviewer lost their phone (never stayed at Bellagio), and states they found her camera. Maybe one of those folks who would try to use "white out" on their computer monitor to correct a mistake. I could be wrong but, phones don't transform into cameras, but many phones have built in cameras..... maybe that was the confusing tech thing that confounded the reviewer.Anyhoooo, love the Bellagio, kinda love Aria. now I am "Torn between two lovers"
4	4.5 starsWe stayed at the Bellagio over the 2010 winter holiday. We were fortunate enough to stay in a 2 bedroom suite on the 34th floor. The room was as beautiful as the view -- and you have to love a suite that has 2x the number of bathrooms as bedrooms. Everything was really nice -- beyond luxurious, but also understated. The service was excellent and I was really impressed with how friendly everyone was. Really one of the nicest experiences I have had at a hotel of this size -- very impressive.Will return.
5	My partner and I stayed here for the first time recently on a three night free room offer.  We had a very nice room with a view of the strip but could not really see the fountains as we were on the sixth floor (all you can see is the roof and yard of the private quarters that line the lake).  It doesn't get much more luxurious than this.  The pool area is gorgeous too and you can relax and enjoy yourself without being bothered by lots of kids.  Really enjoyed soaking in the oversized tub late at night.  No complaints about the staff, they were all top drawer.
5	This is a 5 star AAA 4-5 Diamond resort that caters to the ultra rich and those who want to "experience the vip service."  This hotel was featured in the movie Oceans 11 (remake) and designed specifically with the High Roller in mind.  Really, if you are a whale there is no limit to what can be available here.  This is the playground for the ultra rich.  For the rest of us, this is a Premier Hotel that gives you the air of luxury many of us do not see.  They spared no expense when building this hotel from the imported Italian marble floors to the $1 million chandelier above the registration desk.Gambling here is king.  Do NOT expect to find $10 black jack here, it does not exist.  The table action and crap tables are packed and money is thrown around here like it grows on trees.  The rooms have been upgraded and are average in size but the fountain show view is amazing.  I've been a VIP here and stayed in one of the Penthouses which was well over 3000 sqft.  You are literally sitting on top of the world in the Penthouse and looking down over the fountain show.  Everything is at your finger tips from, a private elevator to your room (4 bedrooms), to LCDs rising from the floor, to the panoramic view the strip.For the average guest they will call you by your name and service is second to none.  There is a huge difference in service and paying the extra money to stay here is worth it.  There is something about staying here that puts a little hop in your step and flip of your hair.  As good as it gets and then some...
4	Sightseeing location #2: Bellagio Hotel & Conservatory of Flowers+: fancy flower arrangements upon entering; nice displays everywhere worthy of a second look; good layout so not easy to get lost; beautiful fountain shows every 15 minutes-: some security guard who yelled at the pedestrians for unable to leave the hotel entrance during NYE b/c the streets were packed with people. The whole experience at Bellagio was surreal b/c the hotel was absolutely gorgeous! If not for the run-in with that rude man who was shoving everyone out, it would have been an amazing experience.
1	What do you expect when you stay at The Bellagio in Vegas for three nights and a total bill of 1.000 dollars? Good service, right? Or at least what you reserved online.We got there on a Saturday at 7:30 PM with a reservation for fountain view room and a two queen beds. The guy at the front desk, David, sent us to our room. When I discovered it only had a king size bed, I called the front desk. The girl at the phone said something that I was to hear four times that night: "Sorry but the reservation is not a guarantee of the room". Cool. So you pay like 300 dollars in advance, and you just get a second or third best. I decided to go to the front desk in person. They tried all types of strategies: "For 100 dollars more we will give you a suite". "For 30 dollars less we will give you a room that overlooks the back". "We can send you a small bed with wheels". I could not believe it. After so much stress, the guy sent a very small, very uncomfortable twin size bed to my room. Next morning, we decided to change rooms. Luckily, they had one two floors above. When we got there -in a non smoking floor- it stunk like cigarettes. It was awful. Another change, two floors below again. We got what we wanted, 15 hours later and with no apologies. I have had better services in a roadside motel. I am going back to Vegas in two weeks and I am just gonna stay at the Wynn or the Cosmopolitan. Bye Bellagio.
5	O-K!  Oh my I needed to drop everything I am doing right now at work to say a Big BOLD Thank YOU via Yelp for the excellent Customer Service at Bellagio today.  Thank you, Marleen of the Bellagio Business Center. I've stayed in the hotel (GORGEOUS suite that I wasn't in long enough to enjoy thanks to the nightlife of Vegas), I've walked through it all dressed to the nines and loved the way my heels made noise on the marble floors.  I've stood outside drunk & sober on the sidewalk for hours watching the fountain shows... but nothing compares to this panicky moment just made SO calm by Marleen (said like a lovesick teenager).  My CEO needs his boarding pass to catch a flight out after CES conference.  You know things are a little higher hustle and bustle when a huge conference is added into the regular hub-ub of Vegas! So here's the deal My dinosaur of a fax isnt working.  I have tried countless times and for some reason the fax cover goes through but not the stinkin boarding pass.  Marleen calls me and says "why don't you just tell me what airline he is flying and I will get online and print out a nice color copy for him"  WOW!  Great service!  Way to take initiative, Marleen!  You don't really get to have that level of selfless service anymore.  Love it!  My stress is over and my task was just completed at a higher caliber for my CEO than I had anticipated.  A nice clean print out of his boarding pass will be waiting in his room when he gets back from the conference in a bit.  SWEET! While I'm here I might as well say that I deal with these guys often on the phone doing bookings for my executives.  Their Casino Marketing Group is also TOP NOTCH when it comes to VIP guests and making sure they are taken care of.  Thank you, Bellagio!
5	I love the Bellagio and I've never stayed there. It is absolutely the best hotel for non-guests on the Strip. I highly recommend you visit it, perhaps even more than once! The conservatory and gardens, fountain show, and art gallery are all just stellar.The fine art gallery has a lot of fantastic contemporary and post-modern pieces for a small, unusual location. Their audio-tour is very informative and the Figuratively Speaking exhibition is wonderfully varied. It even has discounted admission for seniors, students, teachers, and military.The conservatory and botanical gardens change their theme every few months. They feature all kinds of plant species but also topiary, sculpture, and cool hanging decor by season or holiday.Basically, don't just stop outside for the fountains. Go in, especially during the day, and bring your whole family. The Bellagio is an a great place to not-stay.
4	i cant wait til i save enough money so i can spend a night in a room at the bellagio! its been too expensive for me.i have toured elsewhere around the bellagio, and love everything about it! their ceiling is pretty awesome in the lobby area. theres also a glass horse located in the lobby too, like a disco horse! the bellagio fountains are also a major plus! i will edit my review once i stay a night here in a room and maybe it will be bumped up to five stars.
5	BEST. F*^&ING BUFFET. IN VEGAS. Hands down. Perhaps I am but a Vegas buffet noob; I've tried Planet Hollywood's Spice Market, the buffet in Caeser Palace, Rio's Carnival Buffet. I've also tried MGM's buffet, but that was quite a while ago and not fresh in my memory. In whatever case, I found something lacking in each of these buffets -- something that I could not grasp quite what it was, the je ne sais quoi that these buffets desperately needed. Everything that was missing, and then some, was found in the Buffet at the Bellagio. I vividly recall our long journey there. We set out from the Palazzo, preparing ourselves for the cold, bitter winds of the desert. Our stomachs growling, our limbs fragile from our fatigue...but we kept our eyes on the prize, focusing on the glowing lights that was the Bellagio.After what seemed like an eternity, we set foot in the Bellagio. But our hopes plummeted when seeing the line that snaked around the wall. "NOOO," we cried in devastation. "We'll NEVER get to eat!"But we had made the long journey there, after all, so we sought to see it through. The minutes seemed like hours, ticking by at a snail's pace.1.5 hours later, on a Sunday night, we reached the front of the line. $29.95 for dinner buffet! Not bad, not bad at all. We split our group of 8 into two small groups to avoid the mandatory 18% gratuity, and off we were!I almost plowed the waiter over in my haste to collect my prizes. "Whoa, calm down there, miss!"I threw a hasty, "sorry!" over my shoulder before continuing onto the beauty I would soon behold. I piled mountains of smoked salmon, crab legs, sashimi (I have never, ever before found sushi at a buffet good, but Bellagio is the exception to this rule). At the table, my friends and I ate in silence, only pausing to say one of the following sentences:"This is good.""Is that good?""You should try this, it's good."Less than an hour later, we laid in our chairs, breathing heavily. I had to mentally tell myself to breathe, or else I'd forgot to. I believe I ate every single thing in the buffet...Note: THE CREME BRULEE IS TO DIE FOR.Ever since my visit, I have dreamt about this buffet. I kid you not. It was certainly the highlight of my trip to Vegas.
5	Love this hotel! The hotel itself is gorgeous, the Conservatory of Flowers is also gorgeous, and the water show outside is a great free attraction! The rooms are clean, good size, and have gigantic (& luxurious) bathrooms (total plus if you're traveling with a group of girls like I was)! Not to mention, the beds are large and super comfy. My only complaints about the room - there wasn't much closet space and it was somewhat difficult for us to request additional towels.There are many pool options, though only some are heated. In the heat of summer, I'm sure it can be hard to find a place to sit, but my girls and I had no problem finding 3 open spots at several of the different pools (we went in mid-June). The crowd at the pool, though, is older or more family-oriented (which I think are more the crowds Bellagio caters to), so don't be expecting anything near a pool party. It has a much more relaxed vibe. Great for just lying out and catching some sun in the afternoon.The staff here are pretty helpful and fairly easy to deal with. Getting cabs was never an issue, and the bellhops were all friendly and helpful. Checkout was a little difficult because the TV checkout option wasn't working, but making a quick phone call down to the front desk to check out was just as quick.Biggest complaint: there is a gigantic dead-zone for cell phones in the majority of the casino and lobby, and service is spotty in the rooms. (In my group of girls we had AT&T and Sprint, and we all had spotty service) But overall, I love this hotel. I would definitely stay here again.
3	Bellagio has a lot of redeeming qualities; the lobby looks fantastic, the rooms are well appointed, the fitness room is airy and well maintained, the spa is relaxing and the restaurants are spectacular. Although I've given this a 3 star rating, it is almost a 4 star -- no thanks to their service.I booked a suite at the Bellagio and checked-in in their exclusive lounge. The lounge was pretty and the lady that checked me in was nice enough, but she was working at the speed of slow. She was banging on the keyboard like she was writing a dissertation -- what on earth would you need to type into a computer to check a person in? After checking in, we walked to the suite and we very pleased with it, the room looked great, the view was spectacular.... until a member of my party stepped on a broken needle. We called down to complain and to get housekeeping to come re-vacuum the room since we had kids with us. Some guy in a red suite came up to take an incidence report, and when he asked if there was anything he could do for us, we asked for some room slippers. To which he told us that this was house keeping's duties and we were to call house keeping directly. Really?  Passing the buck like that? I had also asked for a roll-away that never showed up, I called again before leaving for dinner and was assured that it would be taken care of. When I returned at midnight, it wasn't around and I had to call  a 3rd time -- the person answering actually said "oh it hasn't been taken cared of yet?".After the vacation I was sent an email asking for my comments. I laid out the issues and clicked on the check box saying it was okay for them to contact me to resolve issues I might have. 3 months after I have not even had an email from them.In general, I felt that the level of service really wasn't reflective of a hotel of this reputation and hence the 3+ stars.
4	Beautiful casino!  Had a great time but the slot machines are a little tight.  Video poker was great and the rooms are excellent!!!
4	LOVE Bellagio....now and forever. You're in Vegas....it screams it...pretty people....high end tables...$25 cocktail----put money on a table or in a slot, kids! Beautiful rooms....and smells.....clean....unlike some other casinos on the strip that pump Apple or some musk that reminds me of old man meat through their vents....One complaint....the Conservatory this trip around was hands down weak....It was a Chinese New Years theme and it was plain slapped together like my tacky neighbors Christmas display. I can't wait for their next scene....maybe a wonderland theme like the year's past? If you have never been to the Conservatory, it's always fresh and WORTH the walk and changes every season.
5	one of my best bday gifts ever...
4	Great buffet.  I had to subtract a star because they ran out of the chocolate cookies at 7:30pm...but I did have 5 other desserts that were quite good.
4	This is more of a, I stayed here for a few hours and left review, than a complete one. I have always enjoyed this hotel. It feel upper class, it is always clean, the people are nice and the theming is enjoyable. The casino was large and easy to find games and the aura of it felt cleaner then other casinos. You can tell when you go into a smoky air casino and it just feels stuffy. Not here. The Conservatory (garden) had a theme for the Chinese New Year (Rabbit) which was interesting. The stores were nice the the fountain show to Elvis's Viva Las Vegas was pretty nice. I had a good experience here and always come back when I am in town.
4	I've never gambled here but i love walking through this place.  It is beautifully designed and the water show is always a treat.
4	What can you say? It's the Bellagio. Beautiful hotel that stands the test of time. Loved their Christmas display. The only reason I knock off 1 star is for the air system in the casino. Other hotels have figured out how to quickly change the air in the room from all the awful smokers, but not the Bellagio. If you don't know what I'm talking about go stand int eh new Cosmo casino and smell and feel the difference...the fresh air actually blows through the room...awesome.
4	I love wandering through this place!  Over the years I have been here many times.  Haven't spent much time playing their slots.  Took my sister to a great dinner once at Noodles which is affordable and always has a line.  Some of the must sees:  Just off to the West of the check in area there is a garden which changes themes 3 or 4 times a year with animation ans water jets.  Just West a bit more is a patisserie with a huge chocolate fountain.  I happen to have always eaten just before but the wares are quite tempting, if you can find a place to settle and eat, all the way down the hall seems to fill up any time of day.  And cannot forget the water show out front, the trees have mostly grown up and that stretch of Las Vegas Blvd is a pleasure to walk, even in the summer.
4	You can't beat the location of Bellagio, it is located in such a center of the strip, easy to get around to other hotels on the strip by cab.Service is good, i like the new idea of charging a daily resort fee to include the internet and fitness center usage.  No more counting how many hours of internet i would use and if there is extra charge to use this and that.The hotel overall is still beautiful but the room is getting a bit old, shelves in the bathroom are not sturdy, the robes are not plushy and too thin.  Bathroom compliments are poor quality.  Restaurants in the hotel are great!  I would say this is a great hotel if you don't want to spend extra dollars to go even higher end ones like Wynn/Encore/Mandarin Oriental, etc.
4	A classic.  Big boy casino that never grows old.  A great place to toss the dice, lose Benjamin's and people watch.
4	Honestly, I shouldn't be complaining since my husband had comps and the room was free but...average rooms, nothing special but the view we had was amazing! We had a fountain view room and the lights on the strip (Paris, Bally's, planet Hollywood) at night were so pretty! The hotel gets too crowded with tourists coming from other hotels to look at the garden. The casino is rather small and is over crowded as well. The customer service is great although they call you every single time you request for something to make sure you received it. I got a little annoyed because they would always call when we had room service! My husband didn't mind though. He thought it was great. Also, you need to show a room key before you get to the room elevators which is a great idea!! We probably wouldn't stay here again just because it gets too crowded.
5	Best casino on the strip to throw dice -- decor is plush and rich, the tables are high end and well made, and there are serious gamblers here to elevate your game. The drinks served at the gambling tables are superior to other casinos as well; strong and well-mixed.  Also great place to people watch.  Will return here the next time I am in Vegas and am getting the itch to throw some di.
4	Excellent hotel and worth the price.  Great restaurants and rooms.  (Although if you are a novice gambler like me, you probably want to find one of the less posh places on the Strip to spend your money - the casino here is a little too high-roller for us average Janes.)
4	One of the nicer hotel resorts in Vegas.  I like the atmosphere.  Every trip to Vegas, I seem to go there just to be there.  It is a nice hotel to be in.
3	I didn't stay here, but I roamed around the conservatory, casino, and Bellagio's shops. The conservatory is pretty. They had the Chinese New Year exhibit when I visited. Bellagio's Casino and shops were just ok. They are the same as any other casinos and shops on the strip.To sum it up, Bellagio is a bit boring for me. I do love the outside exterior and how Bellagio looks from the street especially at night. It's elegant on the outside, but it's boring in the inside just like an uptight woman...or man.
5	This is a great casino. It is one of the classiest resorts on the strip. One downside for a cost conscious person is that the casino floor has expensive table games (nothing less than $10-25 minimums) and you won't find nickel slots.     If you're not gambling, the conservatory is a great place to walk through and enjoy the sights. They change the theme every couple of months so there's always something new to see. At the time of this review they are showing a Chinese New Year theme. Near the conservatory is a really cool chocolate fountain that starts at the ceiling and works it's way down to the floor.      The water show out  front is amazing to watch. They play different songs each show so it feels like a different show every time.
3	5 STAR PRICE for a 3.5 STAR ROOM They didn't have any non smoking rooms available when we checked in and I was not about to sleep in one. So we were offered to do a room upgrade to a fountain view room. The view was spectacular, Eiffel tower directly across from us and we got a great view of the fountain show. The room however, It was outdated, old and DUSTY! I accidentally elbowed the curtain and dusts flew like crazy. I think I've stayed at better 3.5 star hotels before. The lobby and the casino are definitely 5 star worthy but the rooms need work and a lot of CLEANING!
5	the bellagio has been known as being the first casino in Vegas with real marble, stone, real art, everything... and thus for the highest of the high rollers.  Even though the Wynn ushered in a whole era of the ultra-high end casino hotel, the Bellagio still has the most cache on the strip. So when i took my whole sales team to Vegas to celebrate the stellar year we had in 2010, i specified: "don't get your hopes up, we ain't gonna stay at the Bellagio, okay!" .... But of course that just made them want to stay there all the more.  And they insisted that i stay in the Penthouse so we'd have a place to go back and party. If you're gonna get a Penthouse, wow, you should really get one at the Bellagio.  for starters, they have a limo pick you up at the airport.  nice touch!  then they have their own Audio-guy just for your room!  as in: the sound system for your room is SO bumpin that they have a special guy that comes out and shows you how to use it and tests that it's bumpin loud enough.  he actually replaced one of the speakers for me because it didn't bump to his satisfaction. next, i had my own conference room (not reserved for my usage - no no), like a conference room IN my Penthouse, hello!  could seat 20 and had crazy audio visual capabilities in case you wanted a corporate feel.  i had my own bar - with 4 bar stools and 2 refrigerators and it's own TV (just for the bar area).  then i had my own steam room!  well, my big-ass shower doubled as it's own steam room.  nice!  ask me how big my room was?  How big was it , you say?  it was sooo big that i had 2 bathrooms in my room.  the main bathroom and the guest bathroom for all the partiers.  we juiced up the sound system so much that security came to our room 2 times per night.  but relax though, they had this great system where basically you had at least 5 warnings before you got kicked out of the room.  so we're like: "why don't you tell the people complaining that they should get a Penthouse next time? or maybe that they shouldn't get a room next to a penthouse, hello?"couple things i forgot: you don't check in with the masses when you have a penthouse. they take you to a private room to check in that has coffee, free drinks, chocolate covered strawberries, cookies... heck i was looking to see if we had our own 21 table and go-go dancers in there.  of course, you have your own concierge that can get you tables and entrance anywhere.  we partied in the penthouse till 3-4am each night then we decided it was time to hit the clubs downstairs.  we were never back in the rooms till 7am either night/morning.  tragic.
4	I'm still a big fan of the Bellagio, but one simply cannot outrun time.  The rooms, while clean and fairly spacious, do not keep up with the newer hotels and the newer towers at the older hotels.The quality of the gaming area and restaurants remains the same, although I was disappointed during my last trip where the single large baccarat table in the general baccarat area was either closed or failed to get a game of more than one person going.Finally, with a more particular gripe, I don't like the fact that they discourage people from cashing out their baccarat chips at the regular casino cage.  No, buddy, you are not doing me a favor by cashing in the chips "just this once."  You should be more than happy to do it as a matter of customer service.
5	Favorite Baccarat room in all of Las Vegas. They have some cool hosts too and I was taken great care of. The lightening and atmosphere in the Bellagio is so good (compared to like Mirage where it's dark, however the Mirage has the best pool). The Bellagio is all class and for real gamblers. For kids wanting to party it may not be for you. Though, I always have a great time at the Bank club. It's small but def a good time when it's packed.The Bellagio pool is definitely for the elderly crowd or for families with young kids. So if you're in your 20's like me, you'll want to party at a different pool as a heads up.The cafe is good food as well. Though, just keep in mind no matter what time of day you go here there will be at least 25-50 people taking photos of the gardens. It's practically a maze to weave through all the tourists. It never ends and you have to duck, tuck, and roll to not get in the way of someone's photo op! But when you make it to the cafe it's all over :)
5	Every couple of years my company has a huge conference. Previous locations were Chicago, Scottsdale, and of course Orlando. Employees usually come with spouse in tow and while we are busy being masters of the universe our better half's enjoy the amenities. This year the conference was held at the Bellagio in Las Vegas. Now if you know me at all you know I'm a gambling man and Craps is my game. As a matter of fact, Niki and I go to Las Vegas at least once a year to indulge in all the city has to offer. This occasion was no different. The hotel had everything covered and that included all the meals and entertainment. When you walk into the hotel you are simply blown away by the Chihuly installation on the ceiling. From the worlds tallest chocolate waterfall to the intense action found in the casino, the Bellagio never falls short.  All the meals were superb ranging from steaks and pastas to lobster and sushi. Everything was top shelf and the service was impeccable. One night they hosted a private party at The Bank. The cocktails were flying off the bar rapidly while food was being served by several people walking around with big trays. Don't get me wrong I have seen all this before and done well but not to this extent. Everything was first rate and any want or desire fulfilled to expectation. I have stayed in many of the hotels on the strip but none in my experience can beat the Bellagio. Hands down my top pick for lodgings, food, entertainment, pampering, and last but not by far least, Craps baby!!!
3	This review is for the champagne brunch.What could be better than winning $140 on the nickel slots while your friends wait in line? Using that money for the $29 per person champagne brunch and treating your friends! Yay!So once we got in, we were seated in Vicky's section. She was great. It was like eating in Chinese restaurant except it wasn't our water glass that was never empty, it was the Champagne glass!Lot's of options, great sweet potato mash, salad wing... you name it. Definitely worth hitting it up! The only thing that was missing were some corn dogs or something.. but I forgot... I wasn't at the Gold Coast.
5	Each time I visit LV, I realize that I love, love, love Lake Bellagio and the dancing fountain show! The Fontana provided a very good vantage point.  In addition, the hotel lobby, the restaurants, the Conservatory and garden with the Lunar New Year decorations, are beautiful. I especially love Sensi, the restaurant. I truly love the Bellagio!
5	If I could afford it, I would buy a penthouse here and be totally happy! It's so beautiful and even the floors in the gardens are exquisite. Parking was easy to find and it's free. Check in looked a bit crazy but it was UFC weekend, it was being held at Mandalay Bay,
4	The Bellagio lives up to all the hype. Beautiful-BEAUTIFUL Hotel....everything about it screams luxury from the artwork, decor, shops, restaurants, and rooms. Speaking about the rooms....as comfy as they are---they're much smaller than at the Venetian. But the beds and bathrooms are deluxe! When booking your room, definitely ask for a lake view! But here's the thing. If you can swing it, get a Private Cabana for the pool. They're equipped with flatscreen tvs, snacks, drinks---and you can even have your massage done there. :)
3	I stayed in the Bellagio when it first opened, and it was grand - I would have probably given it 5 stars.  However, my most recent stay here last weekend wasn't as climatic. By all means, the hotel is a must-see, but staying here and paying an arm and a leg isn't worth it. The rooms are not as luxurious as the newer hotels - so minus 2 stars for that. Everything looked old - the walls, paint, bathroom decorations, the old-school TV, etc. I'm sure they are trying to go for the classic Italian feel, but they should invest some of their money to spruce things up. I also stayed at the Vdara that weekend, I have to admit that I wished I stayed both nights there instead of the Bellagio.However, don't let this review stop you from visiting this hotel. The casino is top-class, the conservatory is breathtaking, and the fountain show is amazing. However, I was disappointed that the show I watched did not have any music playing.  All in all, you're better off staying in the City Center, Venetian, or Wynn for a 5-star stay.
4	My husband and I stayed here 2/17 - 2/20 and had a great time.  The hotel is beautiful -- particularly as it is now decorated for Chinese New Year.  Walking through the lobby, conservatory, or just wandering the halls to window shop or take a peek at the pools was an enjoyable activity in and of itself.  We checked in around midnight, so lines were short and we were in our room in a few minutes.  (Parking was also very convenient.)  The room was beautiful - spacious, clean, nicely decorated.  The bathroom was enormous, with a separate glass-enclosed shower and deep tub.We ate at the buffet (great selection for carnivore husband but very limited on vegan options), Sensi (amazing!), Cafe Bellagio (perfect for 3am munchies), and Jean Phillipe Patissiere (my husband indulged and I seriously contemplated giving up veganism).  We also had drinks at the Fortuna Bar overlooking the fountains (amazing!).  Fortuna is a lot of fun, particularly when they have live music there.Gambling there was fun -- he likes slots, I like video poker - and there was plenty of variety to choose from.A transformer blew while we were there, causing some problems with electricity and the elevators.  We didn't have electricity in our room one night, but offered to move us to another room.  We were lazy and didn't feel like moving and weren't in the room that much anyway, so they ended up taking about $100 of our bill for the inconvenience, which made us pretty happy.Everyone we interacted with - from front desk staff, to bartenders, to wait staff, to the folks checking room keys by the elevators - were kind, professional, and courteous.  When we go back to Vegas, we won't think about staying any place else.
2	The Bellagio has great rooms, great food and beatiful decor. However, some of the staff was rude or not helpful. We had a power problem in the hotel during the President's Day weekend, and our reservations for my grandma's 70th birthday party in the Picasso restaurant were ruined because of this. Elevator lines were long because only 1 elevator worked, keys to hotel rooms weren't working, and services were delayed. Also, when my parents were having their carpet cleaned, chemicals spilled everywhere and nothing was done. In addition, my 2 year-old brother cut his finger on some broken glass on the coffee table, and restaurant service was slow.
5	Everything here it top notch, A+.  Buffet, room, great poker room, service.  Their   Had great seats for the "O" theater and was magnificent. Get a room facing the front pond for great water show views at night.  Worth the money at least once in your life...
4	Love going to the Bellagio, it's such a nice resort to stay at when you're in Vegas.  The rooms are really nice, spacious and has great interior decor.  Best of all, the fountains outside and the shows that come with it are really spectacular and everyone should definitely see the show at least once.  Casino is plentiful and the food is also great, even though it can be pricey.  If not for the expensive prices, I would love to stay at Bellagio everytime I'm in vegas, but unfortunately, I do have a budget.
4	Beautiful, classy classy property without being over the top...very good taste all around IMO. Basic rooms are gorgeous with big marbled bathrooms, remote-controlled shades and a mini bar where if you breath on a bag of chips, they charge $11.00 to yuor room...so don't touch or move anything on or in there, because its ultra-sensitive. Great array of restaurants, too. Problem for me is..when I stayed there for three nights, I found myself getting bored..lacks the excitement and appeal to all demographics that I feel MGM Grand and Mandalay Bay deliver.  Would and will stay again on my honeymoon...I'm sure a room with a view of those beautiful fountains (the coolest "free' attraction in LV) will be oh-so-take-those-clothes-off-right-now-baby-romantic.
5	This is by far the BEST place to stay in Vegas.  We are in the 40 something category, so wanted a subdued environment, while being entertained.  It was a fabulous room, huge bath, lovely view of fountain show, quiet, peaceful experience.  The weather did  not cooperate with a pool experience this trip, but we will try again later in the year.  All employees were professional, gave great suggestions, and food and drink was a diet buster for sure... we will return.
4	I loved loved loved the suite I stayed in at the Bellagio. The hotel itself was very chaotic especially at night. It was packed and very loud. Typical for a casino I guess but this hotel and casino seemed overly rowdy even for Vegas.
4	Mara G. took me to The Bellagio for my birthday!*******************************************************************************************From the Dale Chihuly glass above the mirrored pegasus in the lobby to the spectacular Lunar New Year exhibit to the Fountains full of dancing water, this place is all about elegance, lavish living, first class fancy.We took a stroll through the Lunar New Year exhibit prior to having a bellini in Fontana Bar (get it? Bellini in Bellagio). Fuse band was playing there. Initially, Mara G. wasn't feeling their tunes. But she eventually warmed up; especially after they covered Earth, Wind, & Fire. When our cocktails arrived, we took them out onto the deck with us to snap pictures with the water show behind us. Nice!Then, we made our way to Sensi! (see yelp) After that, we tried our luck at Tabasco and the Sex in the City Progressive slots. Nice! What a super fun birthday! Definitely swanky perdanky! Although the casino is absolutely smokey perdokey. Ha ha! I will still and always return. I still have one of the one handed gloves from the days when you had to collect coins to take them to the cashier. I'm a fan!
3	The grounds and the casino decor are the only things that set this hotel apart from the others, but only slightly. I'm really not sure why this hotel gets 5 stars as the rooms are underwhelming and outdated. Newer hotels have much nicer rooms. Our bed was old, saggy, and uncomfortable, the furniture was worn, and one night there was even a hole in our sheets. That obviously wasn't a big deal and didn't affect our sleep, but not what I'd expect from a so-called 5 star hotel. We also found that that food was not good enough to demand the higher prices. We don't mind spending more if the quality merits it, but we found that one can eat at other hotels just as well, for less money. If having a really nice room is important to you, stay at a newer hotel.
4	Used to stay here all the time but switched to the Encore. Had to stay there this weekend and actually loved it. Got upgraded to a 3 bedroom suite, had great service, ate like a king, and loved the spa.
4	The food buffet is the best!
4	I don't specifically remember much about the Bellagio because I walked through a lot of the hotels during the day. What I do remember is that the decorations there are really nice. I'm talking about the glass art ceiling they have. They look like glass jellyfish, but are actually hand-blown glass flowers. There are a always quite  a bit of people in the room taking pictures of the ceiling. If you walk forward, there is another nicely decorated themed room. I went to Vegas after the Lunar New Year, so they had a lot of New year decorations, year of the rabbit decorations up, which were really nice. There is also the water show in the front of the hotel, which is probably best seen at night. I didn't watch it this trip, more like drove by it while passing through the strip. Overall, pretty nice hotel.
5	By far my favorite hotel ever! Every detail of our stays has been perfect every time. We had a large group stay at the Bellagio last fall when my husband and I got married and the staff made sure our visit was perfect. Everything we needed was delivered quickly and with a smile. The hotel staff offers nothing but excellence and aims to please it's guests. The room service is quick and delightful.  Lounging by the pool is a great way to pass time with friends and escape the busy strip. The spa is treat for the senses and the over all experience of the hotel can't be beat! Treat yourself to stay at the Bellagio next time you're in Vegas..it will change the way you feel about hotel stays!!!
5	Stayed for a week,Great time. The best bloody steak and eggs in the world. I think I am going to have to come back just for that !! Staff treated me like a rock star Fabulous....
4	Hubby and I stayed for 5 nights on a recent trip to Vegas.  Rooms are beuautiful although we did have to be moved because the first room we were put in had toilet troubles but they moved us to a nicer room with a great strip viiew so it was just fine.   Awesome pool, a great variety of restaurants to choose from, centrally located on the strip.   It was worth the splurge as it's one of the pricer places to stay on the strip but worth it if  you are looking for a romantic getaway place.
4	Always a classic place to stay and still definitely one of the more luxurious places to stay on the strip. The pools are definitely a place to be in the warmer months, but the crowd is not as young as you will see at the Hard Rock or the Cosmopolitan. The casino is first rate with restaurants that are solid (not amazing) as well. highly recommended.
5	This is the best hotel on the Strip that I have stayed at to date.  One thing to note before I write my review.  The Hard Rock, Luxor, and Bellagio, are all charging "Resort Fees" while staying there to use the internet and other things. Each hotel was a different fee.We checked in after midnight on the day of our reservation, so they used our room for someone else.  They gave us a smoking optional room and said that we could change in the morning.  When we got to the room, it smelled like smoke, so we let them know that we wanted to change in the morning.  We woke up and called at 9am, and they ask my wife to call back at 11am, because no one had checked out yet.  When she called back at 11, they gave us our new room number, and we didn't have to go to the front desk for anything.  We headed straight to our new room, and our old keys worked without issue.The room was big and the bathroom was large.  It had a stand-up shower, and a full tub.  The bed was very comfortable.  The curtains for the window are controlled by two control panels located beside the bed and the entrance to the room.  The one minus for the room is a smaller old style TV.  They need to change over to Flat Screens.We ordered room service two days, and both times the food arrived in like 30 minutes.  The food was hot, and good.  It was a bit pricey, but worth it. We checked out the pool area one day.  It was huge and nice, but the day we went, it was in the low 70's and windy, so we didn't stay more than a couple of hours.Overall, it was an awesome stay, and right in the heart of the Strip.  I would recommend to anyone, it you have the cash, stay there.
5	My wife and I stayed here because we were getting married here. It was my first time staying at the Bellagio and I enjoyed every minute of it. I think the rooms could go for a remodel, but other than that, it is a great place. I recommend hangin out at the Baccaract Bar if you want to people watch.
3	I think we were all brainwashed with that commercial when it first opened, remember the one with all the water and misty camerawork with the andrea bochelli in the background? Anyway, the hotel is nice, granted we only had comp'd rooms from a friend so it's not like we had a view of the fountains or anything. I can say they do treat their high rollers with visual disabilities quite well. There's lots to do here and the location is prime. But other than that nothing special to report. I think i'd rather staybat the venetian.
4	I like the security staff at this hotel. I know, I'm a weirdo, but they were really nice and helpful to me and my friends during our stay. I also like that there is a guy standing at the elevators making sure you have a keycard before letting you near the elevators. Seemed a little safer in a city where everyone is mostly drunk and sleep deprived. We needed to have the bed changed at 3am and someone came... and she was pleasant... Room was far from the elevator... impressed that the curtains were controlled by switches near the bed...
4	Beautiful.
3	Maybe I had my hopes up, but I didn't think anything much of the actual rooms within the Bellagio. The hotel overall, is beautiful, but the rooms are just average.Pros:-Conservatory area is beautiful.-Home to one of the best Cirque shows.-Trams that take you to other hotels!-The lobby is already a pretty site on its own.-Fountain show!-Buffet is yummy.Cons:-Shopping areas are selective (and by that, I mean I can't afford anything near the bellagio...wahhhh).-Rooms aren't as nice as the hotel itself. The beds weren't as comfy, the TV was constantly glitching, and the bathroom was average. I've stayed in better rooms at cheaper hotels.-Despite the above bullet, rooms are still pretty pricey.Overall: Go to the hotel and look around, but I wouldn't recommend actually sleeping there.
2	I was sitting at the slots for over an hour not one waitress came by to take a drink order. Man.
4	Not the cheapest, but its a great place to stay!I only stayed here once and thankfully didn't have to pay for it. It was my friend's birthday and her dad was...well, quite wealthy so he payed for her and two friends (I was one) to stay here. The room was great. Nothing too special, but it was well decorated. Had  a big TV, a nice tub and all the amenities you could ask for. It was also really clean.The rest of the hotel is great. It has some great features. There is the famous fountain show which is always super fun. The conservatory changes through the year. I've seen it twice and was pretty blown away both times. It has a pretty awesome chocolate fountain and some nice decorations including great blown glass flowers. The casino is pretty good. We didn't get to do much gambling while we were there, but the dealers were all nice and the place was pretty well kept. It's also in a good location from which you can access a lot of other key strip hotels and attractions. This is a place I would definitely stay again...but not having to pay was a definite incentive.
3	I guess it's more fun "watching" than "staying" at Bellagio. Overall the hotel is nice but nothing special. Room is spacey (but again nothing special). Service is the real problem here. Long waiting line at check in & check out; staffs are very unfriendly (if not to say rude). The invoice came out all wrong (overcharged) and when calling them, we'd been placed on hold forever before finally talking to another very rude customer rep.I do hope that i'm just a few unlucky ones, b/c Bellagio is still a nice place to me. However after this incident, I think i'd rather stay at Venetian or Cosmopolitan.
5	Got married in '07 and stayed here.  Giving 5 stars because of the view of the Fountain Show.  Remember to turn up the volume of your TV when the show starts. IT IS AWESOME.  Then saw Celine Dion next door at Caesar's Palace so the proximity was great - just walked right over [Paris Hotel is next door too].  The Bellagio has staff that asks for your card at the elevators so security is in place.  The pool is awesome and IIRC, the towels are provided as a courtesy.
1	For a place that boasts about luxury, its customer service sucks.  Given what they charge for rooms, I'm shocked at how desperate they are to nickel-and-dime their customers.I was there for a bachelor party.  We booked eight rooms.  Expedia put on a request -- not a demand, but a request -- that the eight rooms be situated near one another.  When we checked in, the front desk said that they couldn't get the rooms all next to each other, or even in the same hallway.  But they might be able to get them on the same floor.  I said that was fine.When we checked out, we learned that for the "courtesy" of trying to place our rooms on the same floor (an attempt that failed, by the way), we'd be charged $30 per room, per night.  And that's on top of their $20 per day per room "resort fee," mind you.  Because we'd never been told about such a "room guarantee" charge -- not at booking, not at check-in -- we protested.  How can we be charged something that we'd never agreed to, or even been notified of?  Well, because nickel-and-dime Bellagio says so.  Is the hotel "nice"?  I guess so, but not nearly as nice as it was five years ago.  Are the rooms nice?  Sure.  Are they so much nicer than other hotels that this nickel-and-dime BS is defensible?  To quote Jack Donaghy, "Absolutely not!"  Don't go there.  Go somewhere that actually practices customer service befitting a true luxury establishment.
4	I give the hotel 5 when I am not staying there, 4 based on my past trip where I did stay there. Picked bellagio cause I love the casino and I got a great rate. The hotel is beautiful, the fountains, conservatory, restaurants,etc. Also the pool is beautiful! Perfect if you want to relax by the pool, not good if you are looking for the daytime party. A few other annoyance occurred during my stay. Checking in is brutal, tool for-ev-er, completely lost my champagne buzz from limo ride in. They need a quicker system. One night we were out at the clubs and were ready for bed but my key wasn't working. Called the front desk to send someone up from my cell and she was the rudest employee I have ever encountered in Vegas and then we sat in the hallway for 20 minutes while we waited for a staff member to let us in. The next morning in order to get my new keys after they were deactivated by my cell or credit cards(not sure where I'm supposed to keep my key since it doesn't mix with anything in my pockets) I had to wait in another 30 to 40 minute line just to have her give me a new key. Other than that the location and hotel are great and the housekeeping staff was SO friendly when walking passed them in the halls. The room was standard, bathroom, comfy bed, and automatic curtains were best part but nothing really set it too far apart than other rooms. Also the lighting is SO dim, made us tired while pregaming. Overall I recommend the hotel if you get a good rate, but think for the usual price they charge maybe check out another one of the top hotels on the strip cause the room was kind of blah and dirty (stains on ceiling) and those few bad encounters I had with front desk staff made me forget about some of the greatness of the hotel
3	I will put a disclaimer on my review that this was the first time I've stayed in Las Vegas, so I have nothing else on The Strip to compare it to.That being said, I can compare it to other hotels I've stayed at outside of Vegas at a similar price-point and star-rating.The good:-room service was fantastic, even making up a special gluten-free box lunch for my partner for a trip out to Death Valley.-rooms were comfortable, a good size and well appointed.-the fountains were fun to watch and the pool was beautiful, even though it was too cold to swim in late March.The bad:-customer service, apart from room service, was non-existent. I realize it's a casino, and there are a lot of non-hotel guests milling about, but it felt like I was putting someone out to even ask directions.-the restaurant choices weren't spectacular, but *were* spectacularly priced.The ugly:- everything smelled like cigarette smoke, which made me ill. It's ridiculous that you have to walk though the stink just to get to your room. And even though we were on a non-smoking floor, our last night there someone was smoking in the hallway or something because smoke infiltrated our room. Seriously disgusting! I spent virtually zero time in the casino, but my clothes and hair still smelled like smoke each night. I gave it 3 stars only based on the speculation that it might not be the best, but maybe it's better than other places on the strip? At least the rooms and hallways were clean. But, that's a sad way to judge a 5-star, 5-diamond hotel.
5	I am so glad we stayed at the Bellagio!Though expensive, it was worth every penny.  We even paid extra to secure a room facing the fountains (highly recommended).  Our room on the tenth floor was very spacious and elegant, with one of the comfiest hotel beds I've ever slept on.  And the bathroom?  Exquisite.  With a glass standup shower and a deep soaking tub, my husband and I felt like we were living in luxury.Other furniture in the room included a large TV unit with built-in closets, a desk and chair, and two comfy arm chairs with a small table and lamp.  Upon arriving our first night at 1AM, we were pleasantly surprised to find a little chocolate on each of our pillows - a nice touch, especially after a long day of travel.  Cleaning services were spot on, and we returned to our room each day with fresh linens and a tidy room.  And at night, we could watch the fountain shows from the comfort of our room.The pool area was absolutely gorgeous, but unfortunately closed at the early hour of 6PM, so we never had the opportunity to enjoy it.Its location relative to all the other hotels is practically right in the middle of The Strip, making foot travel very easy.  We had no trouble getting around to see many of the other hotels, from Mandalay Bay all the way up to Treasure Island.  Traffic is congested though, so if you are renting a car it's best to navigate via the side streets.The Bellagio is a stunning hotel and I would not hesitate to stay there again.
5	Quite possibly the most amazing hotel I have ever stayed in. Everything was perfect from the white glove door to door service of the bellhops to the overly accommodating concierges, to the finely appointed suite....my God, the shower! Typically I judge a hotel room by the comfort level of the bed and the type of sleep I get, but in this hotel I was just enamored by the bathrooms. My posse and I stayed in a standard suite, nothing fancy, but if this is what not-fancy looks like then I'm sold. We had a great deal through vegas.com for my 25th birthday and figured "go big or go home". Sure it's pricier than other hotels on the strip, but indulge, I beg you. For special occasions, or those with expendable income, do yourself the favor and splurge on a cabana rental and see "O". The tickets may be more expensive than any other Cirque show, but you will never be able to see it anywhere else and come on, you don't even have to leave the compound. If you're looking for free stuff to do after blowing all of your money at the $50 buy-in tables, look no further than this hotel for it's beautiful Chihuly glass both on it's signature ceiling and located throughout the casino floor, the fountain show out front that will leave you feeling like you're on the set of Oceans 11, or the beautiful indoor conservatory and botanical gardens.With endless choices of cuisine and five-star shopping, you really don't need to leave the hotel at all.
3	This is one of Las Vegas' premiere hotels so you except more.  But the Bellagio isn't being kept up the way you would expect.  The grounds are still first class and the public areas inside are still spectacular.  But the rooms are not being renovated fast enough.  We've stayed here many times since it's opening and very little has been done to some rooms.  Our last stay was in room 20091 which was pretty much the original everything.  The carpeting looked like the original carpeting--very worn and even worse dirty.  We requested to have it cleaned and they did promptly, but it was so old it didn't clean-up very well.  The TV is still the old small tube type TV.  The caulking in the shower was starting to show mold.When your paying top dollar you don't want to deal with these type of amenity shortfalls.
5	When we booked our last minute Vegas/Grand Canyon vacation, we did so on a bit of a budget and booked our first few nights at Circus Circus in order to take advantage of the free pair of Cirque du Soliel tickets.  One positive thing I can say about our stay at Circus Circus is that it certainly made our decision to splurge on the Bellagio for our last night feel like the best decision we ever made!The lobby is absoulutely gorgeous!  Probably one of the nicest in Vegas.  Check-in was approximately 50 times faster here, and they had us in our room in no time!  We were greeted by a very friendly housekeeper who came in and made sure our towels, robes, pillows, and chocolates were fully stocked and showed us where everything was.  Very sweet and friendly lady!The room was immaculate, the bathroom was amazing, the curtains opened and closed remotely, the bed was super comfy, and the view was unbeatable!  We felt like royalty in our room!HUGE disappointment of the night:We had decided to pay a bit more for the full lakeview room, which offered a full view of the fountains of Bellagio, complete with the music streamed live through the TV.  We got ourselves a bottle of wine, settled ourselves in front of the window, and waited for the show to begin... and waited, and waited, and waited.  Finally, I called the front desk and inquired as to why the fountains were not going off.  I was informed that they had canceled the shows for the evening due to very high winds.  I wanted to cry.  We hadn't seen the fountains all week because we had been saving it to see on our last night from our room.  I asked if they were offering any kind of discount for their guests who had paid extra for the lakeview room, and I was transferred to an extremely sympathetic and apologetic woman who agreed immediately to credit $50 to our account.  I was still very disappointed, but I thanked her and said I understood.Queue moping.My boyfriend suggested I have some wine and take a bath to cheer myself up, since our bathroom was equipped with a very nice soaking tub.  I dumped the whole mini bottle of shampoo into the tub and made myself a nice bubble bath and proceeded to relax.  A few minutes into my bath, I heard my boyfriend laughing in the other room.  I asked what he was laughing at, and he responded "the fountains are going off."  I leapt out of the tub, covered in bubbles, wrapped a towel around myself and ran to the window, but I was too late.Queue more moping.  Please please please don't let that be the only time they go off tonight!  Fortunately, I got to see the fountains go off three more times (at half height, I believe), so I was content!  We were still given a $30 credit, since they did set the fountains off, but not nearly as much as they would on a regular night.Overall, I felt very pampered and comfortable, and I felt that the staff genuinely cared about my happiness.  Now if only I could afford to always stay in hotels as nice as this one!
3	I think the rooms need an update. I mean, for the price, they're not spectacular. Staff were really nice though.The casino and bar/club/restaurant choices are fine, typical Las Vegas. The lobby is gorgeous, but you don't have to stay there to see it!
5	Very nice place. When inside have a chocolate fountain really nice. Also they have a area just full of flowers really nice looking place.
5	Because I'm a huge fan of the Ocean's movies, this was a destination--but I was surprised in so many other ways.  Loved the shopping selection, the Chihuly glasswork, and the garden.  But my favorite was still the fountains...and the wonderful music played with their artwork.
5	==Bellagio==Just pure excellent. We were hotel hoping nights for 7 days. haha it was fun, but we couldn't get Bellagio at a decent price so we skipped staying here. However, the BUFFET is really really good and well worth it if you can eat a lot and like high quality food. Come here during the dinner buffet but be prepared to wait almost an hour to get in :P The hotel and lobby is just amazing. I love this hotel and it's very upscale with high class shops within as well. The best part is watching the water show outside, but the best view is from the Paris Tower :) And I submitted some photos of those too.PROS::1] Just overall greatness!2] The dinner buffet is the best I had3] The decor is just breathtaking, everywhere you walk within this hotel, the amount of detail and work.
4	Make sure you head over to the Bellagio to check out the beautiful botanical gardens.  When I was here, the Icelandic poppies were in bloom and it filled most of the lobby with a great flowery smell that cancelled out the smoke from the casino.  The butterfly garden and fountains also provided awesome tourist attractions and picture taking spots.  Make sure you bring plenty of patience along with you because there are always massive crowds in the Bellagio.The Bellagio has classy architecture, beautiful fountains and a unique botanical garden that all can enjoy but at times the Bellagio seemed more like Disneyland than a posh Vegas hotel/casino.  It is clearly stated on the Bellagio website that unattended children and strollers are absolutely not allowed in the Bellagio.  However, when I was at the Bellagio there were strollers galore and marauding children all over the place.  The Bellagio could do much better in living up to their five star reputation and create a more adult friendly atmosphere by adhering to their own self stated policy involving children.
4	Real classy casino and hotel but I doubt that I'd stay & play. The buffet and restaurants are great and the shops are cool.
5	We have stayed at many other hotels in Vegas like stratosphere, Luxor and we always wanted to stay at the bellagio, so I got an awesome deal for the lake view room for 2 nights and OMG!!!! We loved it zoo much, we had room service bring us dinner and drinks and other things and the lake is beautiful with the view of the Eiffel tower right I'm the middle, we are never staying at a different hotel ever again Bellagio is the best.
2	Why, oh why does everyone love this place? I might give it three stars, but it loses one for lack of value. I've stayed at Bill's on the same intersection, and the rooms at the Bellagio, worn by years of use and in dire need of updating, aren't much better. They aren't even much bigger. I normally stay at the Wynn, and there's no comparison. The two hotels are not even in the same league when it comes to standard room size, bedding and beds and bathrooms, so I don't see how Bellagio can charge what it does, except for pure reputation. Its location is both a blessing and a curse. Yes, it's convenient and central, but that also means it's constantly stuffed to the gills with wandering tourists, which strips it of any sense of exclusivity or luxury. Check-in and checkout feels like a cattle call. Here's the real hint: With the exception of the pool, the best parts of the Bellagio can be enjoyed by non-guests. By all means enjoy the excellent restaurants, beautiful fountains and incredible lobby and gardens. Just don't bother overpaying for a sub-Hampton room to do so.
5	I love the Bellagio.  Beautiful beautiful casino.
4	The hotel, fountains and grounds are lovely.  The lobby was packed and a bit hard to get through any time we were there.  The indoor garden was beautiful with tulips and poppies being the focus of the April floral display this visit.  The fragrance from the flowers was amazing!  Lovely hotel though the rooms were a bit smaller than other hotels in this price range.  Our view was a bit of a bummer- seems every one else in our party got a view of the fountains...we got the mountains- which did give us lovely sunset views...but to be honest that side of the hotel over looked the parking garage, service areas and freeway.  Rooms for a convention are always a craps shoot.  On the plus side we were in the tower so we walked past the chocolate fountain display many times each day...though very cool to look at, I didn't even want chocolate after a few walk bys.  We were here for 4 days for a convention so we used the hotel, meeting rooms, banquet facilities, casino etc.The banquet facillity was wonderful- 800 people served hot, tasty food...that is always a plus.  Some hotels do banquest well- this is one of them.  Great lighting, decor and acoustics...on a scale of 1-10- this hotel get's a strong 8.75!!!Shops- lots of great shops- though most were strictly for window shopping for me.  Love the galleries, jewelery and high end clothing.Meeting rooms, convetion rooms, pool-side welcome party, drinks & meals associated with these events- great....a full 10 pointsLive band in the Fontana Club- our cocktail waitress was great..the band music started out a little "old" we mentioned it to the cocktail waitress and the next thing we knew the had stepped it up a notch....great music & the dance floor was hopping all of this and their breaks timed with the fountains so we got to enjoy it all!!!  On a scale of 1-10...the Fontana gets a 8Sensei bar- great drinks, great bartender, great service- we had drinks here a bit too much- I think we sampled everything on the "specialy" menu- including their homemade ginger ale- yum yum-they get a 9 out of 10 pointsCasino- very pretty, staff was very nice, not too smokey- slots didn't give up much money...but truth be told I wasn't really planning on funding my retirement with my winnings...good thingtoo, after all they don't call this place Lost Wages for nothing.  Casino gets 7 out of 10 points.Room service- pricey...very pricey...no shock there...we had breakfast & lunch with room service- the food was tasty, hot & looked wonderful, best of all delivered ahead of the promised time.  Lunch- I ordered up a grilled chicken & basil sandwich with seasoned fries...my hubby showed up- the sandwich was big enough for us to share.  Breakfast we had the bacon & eggs combo & the salmon and bagel breakfast- both were great...but $68 for breakfast seems a pit pricey even for room service.  Dispite the prices Room Service gets a full 10 points
5	The luxury aspect of it, the dancing fountains, the restaurants, the shopping, the gambling. One of the best hotels in Vegas
2	For the price I would recommend staying at the Venetian or Wynn instead.  The service is much better and at least you get what you pay for.  The Bellagio was way overpriced for what you get.  I'll start with my favorite parts of this hotel:  There is a nice big soaking tub in every room, the pool area is very relaxing, and the hotel itself is pretty.   Otherwise, we waited 45min to check into our room.  It was 11pm at night and the hotel staff was not very friendly.  Be prepared to have a $600 holding fee placed on your credit card that will be removed when you leave.  The TV in our room was old and most of our channels were either in Chinese or were Bellagio advertisement television.  Our sheets were stained with self tanner and they had cigarette burn holes in them.  The shower door would not close and the air conditioner didn't work well.  We were even in the main building on the 24th floor which is supposed to be the nicer rooms.  The cleaning staff woke us up every morning aggressively slamming doors.  In order to keep the doors open while they cleaned they would open the lock latch and let the door slam on the metal as they went in and out.  This makes a wonderful BAM!! noise all morning long.  The television was supposed to have a nice express check out option for early check outs but the feature would not work in our room.  Also, do not be tricked by the computer room there for your "convenience" in the hotel lobby.  We wanted to print our plane tickets (which was supposed to be an amenity and apart of the reason for the $22 daily resort fee) but the concierge had left for the night.  An annoyed Bellagio employee told us to use the computer room.  It's $1 per minute to use the internet with a $10 minimum charge.  The internet was nice and slow and it cost us $1 per page to print our tickets.  After staying at the Bellagio I feel that there must be a big "Sucker" sign stamped on my forehead because they nickel and dimed me to death.  Please make sure to ask what everything costs or you will be paying $14 for two small glasses of orange juice or $16 for a mixed drink in a plastic cup by the pool like we did.
3	Over priced. Average food. Slow service. Bellagio really could improve the menu at this spot! You don't really have any other choice!
5	Bellagio is a great place. Rooms are gorgeous. Lobby and pool are great as well. This place is a little pricey but I think worth it. The people that stay here are not the typical Vegas loud and screaming party type so it makes for a great experience.
4	I love coming to the Bellagio. The huge glasswork on the ceiling where you check into the hotel is beautiful. Plus their botanical garden that they happen to change up from season to season is always amazing. Waterfalls and beautiful flowers everywhere. As you walk around the corner to then see the chocolate shop with the chocolate waterfall. This place is amazing. Just the architecture is beautiful.
5	We have yet to stay here, but we love the casino and everything else about this place. The location is really convenient.
5	The Bellagio is by far my favorite hotel. The entire hotel from the lobby to the casino to the suites is elegant and luxurious. Is it expensive? Absolutely, but you pay for what you get. Service is top notch. Compared to newer, more opulent, hotels The Bellagio stands strong as a Vegas hot spot. The fountain show is a notable site, drawing crowds every day. The decor inside is more tasteful than other newer hotels, as are the guest rooms. Every detail of this hotel and casino were well thought out and designed. If you want to do Vegas right, and want to treat yourself, The Bellagio is the place to go.
5	I'm not ashamed to admit that yes, I did in fact sneak into the Bellagio on New Year's Eve Day 2009. Because of the holiday and the huge crowds, there were signs posted all over that only guests could enter & keys needed to be shown. Well, one of my girlfriends & I just walked right in and had a blast! Since we were there during the holidays, after watching the fountain show, I was able to see the beautiful flower display, complete with toy trains with live cameras! The blown glass ceiling decoration was so fabulous I spent a good 20 minutes taking photos. The salon looked wonderful, although obviously on such short notice we didn't attempt to make an appointment. The pool was gorgeous as well. We were staying at the Luxor, so I wasn't able to see any of the rooms, but absolutely everything else at the Bellagio floored me. On my next trip to Vegas this is right at the top of my list for places to stay.
4	My review is based solely on the buffet which I must say is exceptional.  I checked out a few different options for buffet dining while in Vegas and the Bellagio was definitely the most visually and tastefully pleasing.  I found the buffett to be quite clean which is a plus in my opinion concerning buffets.  The food was wonderful and there were so many different varieties and options.
5	Ever since my first trip to Vegas I've wanted to stay at Bellagio. It may be past its prime as THE luxury resort/casino, now that the Wynn and Aria (etc) have opened, but I have a weakness for European-style elegance. In fact, "stay at Bellagio" is on my bucket list-- right between "visit New Orleans" and "see a movie at Hollywood Forever Cemetery".This March I siezed the opportunity, thanks to an Expedia deal, and booked 2 nights at the Bellagio. I was sure that using an online booking service would mean that we would end up with a lousy room next to the elevators and overlooking the parking lot. I was so surprised when our room was located on one of the higher floors and had a wonderful view of the pool area. The room was lovely! Entryway with tile floors, huge bathroom with soaking tub and glass shower, large marble-topped vanity, plush beds, massive lighted armoire/entertainment center, push-button blackout curtains. Check-in was swift and courteous. In fact, every staff member we encountered was nothing but pleasant and friendly to us. From the maintenance man who fixed our in-room safe (it just needed a replacement battery), to the valets and bellhops, to the random employee in the halls. We were always treated as VIPs, even though we're far from high rollers. Not only was I able to cross this item off my list, but I thoroughly enjoyed the experience!
5	This was byfar the best hotel I've stayed out. Everything was perfect from the minute we walked up to the front door til the day we left. Every need we had was accommodated in a timely matter. And let me just say, the beds and pillows were the most comfortable I have ever been on in my life! The buffet in the hotel: EXCELLENT!Decor & Service: PERFECT!Conservatory & botanical gardens: BEAUTIFUL!I stayed here in 2009, and I am going back to Vegas next month and I am sad to say I wont be staying at the Bellagio this time around due to cost, but I will definitely be visiting and maybe this time eat at Yellowtail and get some drinks at The Bank!
4	Great place but please management are you here??? Listen... your hotel, rooms, casino and bars are tooooo dang hot.. turn up the AC! #$#$*#)%&#(& %#)^%)#&% Way too hot... I realize you're cutting back on expenses, but when it get's to the point where you don't want to play... come on!Ok very nice coffee shop, little light on trendy lounges, but we loved the Baccarat Lounge with old style jazz piano happenings... Nice pools and great service...  Even a few $15 tables, nice touch! There was just a fun buzz... not to trending with 20 somethings but not blue hairs either...And for god's sake... drop the $20 resort fee... Pahleez.. have the guts to charge as part of your room, but don't insult us with this crapolla!
5	the 24/7 $5 blackjack tables are money (pun intended).for a nice hotel, that is so rare! I didnt stay here, but ill def come back to play :)I also love the chihuly display in the ceiling
4	This place is beautiful.  The rooms are spectacular and the views amazing - we had a view of the mountains.  Loved it.  So much to do in one place that you could spend an entire day here exploring.  I loved all the Chihuly glass art.  We had fun playing (and winning) on the Roulette tables.  The Japanese restaurant was amazing as well as Noodles.  The room was clean, looked brand new when we spotted a piece of wallpaper peeling in the hallway - it was being replace that evening.  They are really on top of everything.  Friendly staff.  Great crowd.  And the show O was the absolute most amazing thing I've seen!!!
4	Probably my favorite hotel in Las Vegas. It looks nice, is clean and upscale, has decent food options, has a sports book and a poker lounge, so what more can you ask for? How about a fine art museum, garden, and lots of glass sculptures? The rooms are fine, not huge but not small. I have stayed here before and will stay here again
5	This place is incredibly beautiful and although outside of the fountains there is nothing really unusual or special as is the norm on the strip, you can't help but feel that this is THE hotel to be at in the city.  We stayed for five days and every staff member was super friendly.  Recommend highly!
4	I still haven't stayed here because the clientele tends too be much older but not in the "Harrah's" old way.I've walked through so many times and enjoyed the casino, restaurants, and amazing displays. The hand glass-blown flowers on the ceiling and the trippy "Alice in Wonderland" mushrooms. One of the better buffets on the strip to boot.
5	One of the top hotels in Las Vegas. I have been to Vegas over 10 times and stayed in around 10 different hotels... and this was the best. Although some people say they do not like the gambling here. The pools are great like any other Vegas hotel. There is not much shopping to do, but if you get a room of the watershow it is just simply amazing. It is worth the extra fee. The interior is beautiful with the ceiling of colorful ceramic glass art and they usually change their garden.
5	Was here June 3-5 2011 and what can I say.  It was fantastic.  The hotel, the pool, the buffet, etc.  Everything was A+!!
5	What idiot gave this place one star?Hey, I don't write many glowing reviews. But the Bellagio was superior in every possible way. The hotel itself is a gem of architecture and interior design. The staff not only were extraordinarily attentive, but did their level best to ensure a special experience for guests. We've done Las Vegas and can't imagine a reason to come back, unless on business. But if we did, the Bellagio would definitely get the nod.
3	While it is probably the most famous hotel in Las Vegas with people coming from all over the world to witness the fountain shows, the Bellagio is not among the best in accommodations.During Memorial Day Weekend, we booked two queens, only to be told upon check-in that only rooms with a single king bed were available. We entered our room and were greeted by an extremely strong smell of what seemed to be some sort of fragrance used to cover up the smell of cigarettes (this was a non-smoking room). The smell was unbearable, so, I adamantly requested another room with two queen beds the following morning. They reprogrammed our keys and gave us the new room number. I went to the new room and found out that they gave us another room with a single king! I called the front desk again and finally got a room with two queen beds. Everything should be smooth sailing now, right? Wrong! Our sink had a plumbing issue that caused it to make loud draining noises every hour or so.  Definitely not what I expect from a top tier Vegas hotel, and I've stayed at quite a few of them.Now for gambling. One thing I like about Bellagio is that they have a good number of Pai Gow tables. Most casinos on the strip only have two tables going. The Bellagio has about five tables going in the Asian section, next to Noodles Restaurant (talk about segregation!). The table minimums during holiday weekends are usually $25-$50, versus $10 on normal days. I also wanted to play Baccarat, but the two tables they had going were both $100 minimums. I decided to play at the $50 minimum table at the Cosmopolitan. I lost a bunch, but overall, a good gambling experience at the Bellagio.
3	Staying at the Spa Tower at Bellagio is okay, but first choice should be the main building. It's not the Spa Tower has any major flaws, it's just out of the way, with more distant views of The Fountains & The Strip.. (across an expansive view of an upper deck parking lot). And the rooms do appear a bit smaller.. the twin bedded room has enough space for a desk & one chair... (no other seating... 2nd person has to sit on a bed)... really not desirable for a hi-end hotel. If it's a comp it's one thing... but out of pocket, rooms in the fountain tower are the better choice.
4	Great hotel, have stayed here twice and find myself hardly leaving the hotel.  One thing that I noticed immediatly about Bellagio is how the staff goes out of their way to be kind.  Only downside I found is charging 15 dollars per day to use the internet....come on, paying 200 a night and you cant give free internet?????
5	First visit to Vegas glad we chose The Bellagio. Whilst busy, full for the last 2 months, large enough to not feel overcrowded. Having visited other hotels certainly Bellagio seemed to be the best. Ate at Olives and Circo both first class pricey but not exorbitant. If coming to Vegas again definitely recommend here.Water fountains spectacular!
4	I really liked staying at this hotel. It was clean, comfortable, and did not smell of cigarette smoke even though I saw people smoking in the casino. The bed was comfy and that's so important when you're away from home. I've stayed in hotels in Vegas where I wouldn't take my shoes off, and ones that smelled like they'd had a cigar convention the night before. These new super hotels are so much nicer now that I can afford to stay in them!My only complaint is that the place is SO huge that they should really rent golf carts for guests to get around. The convention we were attending was a LONG walk from the elevator to our rooms, especially after a few pit stops in one of many bars along the way.
2	This hotel has really gone down hill since my last visit.  The room we were initially given had several broken items, including the drapery, 3 lightbulbs were out in the room and bathroom.  The kicker, and the reason I will NEVER stay here again;  MOLD!!!  So gross and awful, the bathroom had mold growing in the shower from the base to 3' up the wall.  I can live with some mold in a corner here or there, but this was just the worst I have ever seen in any hotel.We asked to change rooms and that took 4 hours for a room to become available, all while we needed to shower.  We were as nice and as understanding as could be and were surprised at what was offered for compensation for the inconvenience; A $50 credit!  Really?  I did get a letter in the mail from Bellagio offering a free room upgrade to lake view on my NEXT visit... They should have tried this on my last visit and I may have considered a return visit.I must say, I write this with much sadness as I have gotten to know many of the staff members in the restaurants there and have enjoyed them tremendously over the years and they are the reason that I even give Bellagio 2 stars.  There are just too many great places to stay in Vegas now.  Next, we will give The Wynn a try...
4	I love walking through this lovely hotel.  From the moment I hit the lobby with its brightly colored floral light fixture, to watching the fountain show, to walking through the shops, to eating some of their great food, I love it.  I haven't stayed here yet, but perhaps someday, I will.  In the meantime, I come here everytime I'm in town.  It's elegant and beautiful, and I love going at night all dressed up.
2	During my last visit to Vegas, I decided to try this place out. After hearing so many darn good things about this place, I truly hoped all those positive comments weren't based off the hype of Ocean's Eleven series. The only food that made me go back for seconds was tenderloin. Besides that, everything else were just waste of money. To be honest, I tasted better at Wicked Spoon, Rio, and Mirage.Maybe they used to be great and somehow they are now on a downhill but from my personal experience, definitely not worth the money.
2	The hotel rooms and bathrooms really needs refurbishing.  My shower had mold and the shower head had green stuff all over it.  The bathroom was missing bath gel, shampoo,  shower caps....I felt that being a guest at their hotel was not important to them.
4	The best hotel I've stayed at in Vegas thus far. Very luxurious and clean. My friend and I were upgraded to a suite free of charge, which was pretty cool. Our room had a spectacular view of Vegas (at night, the view was awe-inspiring), very soft and plush bedding, a mini bar, bathrobes and slippers and decadent little chocolates on the nightstand every morning. The bathroom needs it's own review on here :-). Our bathroom was almost the size of our room (seriously!!) Separate glass-enclosed shower, mammoth whirlpool tub (big enough to sleep in), double sinks with granite counters, huge mirror, makeup mirror, a phone (haha) and designer toiletries fit for a king or queen. I'm talking 20+ bathroom items (razors, shave gel, q-tips, mouthwash, shower caps, hairspray, lotion, combs, 3 toothbrushes, hair gel, sewing kit and more, ...on top of all your standard items). My friend was floored by the bathroom and spent 20 minutes getting acclimated to all the wonderful features, amenities and products. The botanical gardens are lovely and a very nice welcome.  Be sure to catch the Bellagio Fountains water show for some cool entertainment (shows every half hour, every 15 mins after 8 p.m.)Outside you can take a dip in or lounge by one of their 5 refreshing, beautiful pools.
4	Bellagio has gone down hill lately. We have stayed there a few times a year for the past 8 years.  We were there almost a full week and things were not  as good as as in the past.  Each day there was an elevator or escalator  broken.  2 of the 4  TVs in our suite were both broken and we had to call the maintenance people 3 times about the TVs.  For 4 TVs, we were given 2 remotes.  There was very limited cable tv channel selection.  No HBO or showtime, very basic channels and a ton of Japanese channels.   Our whirlpool bath was not working either.  In the suites, we used to get fancy Bvlgari bath  products but now they give cheap soaps and shampoos.  We kept our thermostat at 71 degrees but each time the house keeper came in the room, she set it at 75 degrees.  Also, our check in took 30 minutes because there were no available rooms... Check in is 1pm and we arrived at 4pm.    There is now a "resort fee" automatically placed on every room.  The fee includes wi fi which is hit or miss.  Finally the pool closes at 8 pm but on 3 days our towels and belongings were cleared off of our lounge chairs before 7:30 by the young staff who were eager to end their day.  We lost  some  shorts and a skirt because of this...   Next time we will stay in a new property.
4	Oh the humanity!  This is a swank place overrun by people who enjoy a faux oversized Liberty Bell and dancing fountains.  The shops are posh but unaffordable for little people like me.   That said, I was impressed by the $1695 laptop bag in Prada....  Gorgeous!The casino is well maintained and not terribly smokey, which is always a plus in my book.  Sorry I don't have more to say about it, but we were just passing through ...
5	My first in Vegas! I got to stay here!This hotel is pretty legit. Outstanding customer service! I had a issue with Southwest airlines and with my luggage. But the staff here helped me out a bunch. My phone died when I got to the hotel and I split up and lost my group so they helped me find out my room number and it wasnt much of an issue.The stores are great, food is great, I really like the Bellagio chocolates they leave in the room... I asked house keeping if they had any and they told me only at night. I was a little sad about it but before I checked out they left me a whole back full of them which was awesome.One thing I did wonder about was if this is such a fancy high end type of hotel. Why does it have the old school boxed tv's instead of the flat screens that everyone else has now a days?
4	Okay nothing is perfect that's why I'm giving 4 instead of 5 but this place is really close. In the aesthetic sense it is awesome super clean & super opulent. It's pricey but one expects that and being it was this past Memorial day weekend rooms were at a premium. We paid extra for a fountain view room in the spa tower which was well worth it. The view was incredible. It only added to the experience of the room. Clean with great decor and an awesome bathroom. You will do quite a bit of walking inside the Bellagio but it is a good calorie burner. We did most of our dining and drinking at other establishments but made quite a few stops at Jean Philippe which is the bomb. Definitely worth every penny for the delectable selections. The Bellagio is spectacular & I would definitely stay there again. Everyone should atleast once.
5	The Bellagio hands-down remains my favorite hotel on the Las Vegas Strip. It has prime location, great restaurants, shows, nightlife, beauty and the best concierge in town. Bellagio is situated right in the middle of the strip, convenient to everything. Next door is the new Cosmopolitan Hotel, which ranks as runner up favorite hotel on the strip. Bellagio features Cirque du Soleil's: "O" in my opinion ranks as the best of the three Cirque shows I have seen. Las Vegas is known for its fine dining and Bellagio is no exception. Even the Buffet at the Bellagio outdoes the rest. The hotel features 5 Fine Dining Options (a great assortment of Seafood, French, Chinese, Spanish, and a Steakhouse) as well as 6 other midlevel restaurants, and even more casual dining options. There is truly something to satisfy even the pickiest of eaters at the Bellagio. Yelp rates both Picasso (French/Spanish) and Le Cirque (French) as 4.5/5 stars.If you aren't a high roller or you are finished with playing the tables, there is lot's more to see still at the Bellagio. There are the unforgettable fountains, Botanical Gardens, Art Galleries and an enchanting blown glass ceiling by famous Artist, Dale Chihuly. Shopping consists of 7 high end shops and boutiques. And Bellagio's hot nightclub The Bank features 8,000 sq. feet and VIP rooms to accommodate up to 75 guests.Can't afford to stay at Bellagio? Stay next door at Caesars or across the street at Bally's. Bally's connects with Paris, another great hotel to explore on the strip.Read more Las Vegas and Los Angeles Reviews on my blog- http://rescuelashelters.wordpress.com/2011/07/06/the-best-of-the-las-vegas-strip/
3	My husband and I are Vegas regulars. We go at least annually. We try and stay @ a different hotel each time & were excited to try bellagio.Upon check-in I was less than impressed. We arrived prior to 3 which is actual check-in time. They informed me that I'd need to come back or call around 3 to see if they were ready for us yet. I found that to be irritating, especially when the Wynn called us when our room was ready on our previous trip. However, I obliged.When we finally got into our room, it was very basic. 2 queen beds, TV, the usual. Our 'mountain view' as they informed us was really just the view of the freeway.The pools were very nice. We decided to splurge one day and pay for the cypress VIP pool. This was a nice option with no kids. The fee was $150 & that literally bought you a comfortable chair. Needless to say, we won't be doing that again! Also be on the watch for their $20/day resort fee. They don't totally disclose it to you. The stay was comfortable. I was expecting to be blown away, but wasn't at all. The location of the bellagio makes the rating 3 stars vs 2. We will not be returning to the bellagio! We'll stick to the Harrah's hotels!
4	Bellagio always has and probably always be my fav strip casino to hang out, but unfortunately not to stay at. It is a b*itch to get to on a weekend since its possibly the only casino with just one way in off LV blvd. Pedestrians never pay attn to the light and there's always some @sshole who blocks traffic by stopping to watch the fountains. But once you get past that, the self park usually has open spaces and its a quick walk to reach the casino. The moment you enter, you're hit by the strong scent of the thousands of flowers filling the conservatory. I love that it's your first impression of bellagio. The conservatory is a must see, but I recommend going after midnight, and not on the weekend. Otherwise you'll have to fight your way thru Asian and European tour groups and every step ruins someone's picture. It'll be a much more mellow experience going at a slow time so you can really enjoy it and take your own pretty pics. The conservatory is changed for several seasons - chinese new year, spring (w live butterfly garden), summer/4th of July (very patriotic, my least fav), autumn, winter/Xmas. You can tell they've cut their horticulture budget a little, but its still a magical place. The water show is another great free attraction and is best seen from the dead center. Don't bother fighting the crowds near the main valet. Its less of a clusterf*ck if you walk thru the casino and shopping esplanade, and go down the escalator to the blvd. Show is every 15 min at night, I think it's every 30 in the day. Go at night if you can - makes for better pics and its just not the same without the lighting. They don't have the show on windy days, and you can ask the concierge desk for the show schedule if you're there for a specific song. The Sinatra ones are fun, but I'm partial to the slow songs like Titanic theme and the Andrea Bocelli song. Bring a couple cocktails or even brown bag it if you're feeling ghetto. Just kickback and watch the show for an hour - a great cheap date. Now the negatives, which are the rooms. The previously mentioned traffic is a problem if you're staying there and have to deal with it throughout your stay. Valet has been extremely slow in my experience (30 min on sat nite). And if you're older, its kind of a far walk down somewhat slippery tile to get to the valet pick up area. The registration desk is conveniently located, but then its a pretty far walk thru the casino to get to the rooms. I was really disappointed in the rooms. I had always wanted to stay at bellagio, so I had high expectations. The rooms seemed dated, and they weren't well maintained. Working at a hotel myself, I do look at things with a more critical eye, but I called engineering to replace a couple light bulbs and fix the bathroom door which wouldn't stay shut. There were also streaks of something on the ceiling above the bed. And this has to be one of the few hotels in Vegas that hasn't upgraded to plasma/LCD TVs. I was pretty shocked that they still had big old TVs with a really grainy picture. Hotel prices have come down in general, but bellagio still isn't what I'd call cheap. So hang out at bellagio - check out the free attractions, have some cocktails at the baccarat bar and a great dinner. Just don't stay there, you can do a lot better for the money.
1	A fancy name for a not-so-fancy hotel.The rep that helped check my group in was anything but friendly.  Not helpful, not accommodating, and most certainly not nice.  One simple request (adjoining rooms) was not fulfilled by her, and when asking another check-in rep for help, she was able to get us adjoining rooms without an issue.  Still, neither of these girls were pleasant to deal with. Want to add on a fridge? That will be an extra 20 bucks per night.   Want to call the front desk? There will be a 10 minute hold.How about food service? A 30 - 60 minute wait.Free Wi-fi (that's actually included in your $20 resort fee):  You might be able to access one site before you get so frustrated with the slow connection, you just let it be and move on to something else.Bellman to come get your luggage?  Never came.Late check-out?  No way! (Which I've never been denied at ANY hotel before)I stopped at a few of the shops, restaurants, lounges in the Bellagio and the service at each stop was awful!  Read my review of Caramel Lounge here:http://www.yelp.com/biz/caramel-bar-and-lounge-las-vegas#hrid:1exQo6GRBusHLZyC4RgItgThe review above is an example of what I found at other vendors/stores inside the Bellagio. Steer clear, fellow Yelpers.When staying at one of the more expensive & prestigious hotels, you expect better service than snobbiness and immediate rejections to requests.  I was hoping for an unforgettable experience with speedy service.  I definitely got an unforgettable experience there, one that will make me forever avoid the Bellagio as a hotel guest... even a visitor.The only thing I'll give this hotel is a star for their location. Very conveniently located.
5	I can't say anymore than what has already been written.  My wife and I have stayed here on two separate occasions, and it will be very difficult to stay elsewhere the next time.  Bellagio is 5 stars all the way through.  Only thing I would change about the Bellagio is an update to the rooms.  Everything here is expensive though, so be prepared to spend some $$$.  Highly recommend.  Will probably try out one of the city center hotels, or Wynn or Venetian next go 'round.
5	We love the card tables at bellagio.  Pierre is an awesome and entertaining dealer.  We come to play here every time
3	Once again this casino has a great interior design. I'd love to stay here if I had a chance, but fact of the matter is my sister lives here and I'll probably will never get a chance to stay at any hotel here in Vegas. I can't really review much about this place as I just came here to walk around and it was connected to Venetian and we were in the area.One thing I did like about this place is that this hotel is famous for it's fountain water show. Usually when I'm in town we always come see this show even though its the same every time. It's just cool to check out because it's pretty famous and has been in a few movies (oceans 11). Other than that we don't come to this hotel for anything else, so I can't really review this place any higher than other hotel/casinos.
3	This place definitely did not meet up to my expectations at all!! I was here in December for three nights and I was expecting it to be one of the nicest hotels on the strip because it has such a good reputation, but it wasn't...don't get me wrong, the casino inside was nice BUT the rooms fell short by A LOT in my opinion compared to the other five star hotels I've been to on the strip such as the Wynn and Venetian. My room was pretty small and the decor lacked any style or sophistication. The bathroom was about the only nice thing about it. The TV we had in our room was an old 37 inch Phillips tube T.V. i mean really now?! I know this place is suppose to be older than a lot of the other five star hotels, but I felt that my room at the mirage was equal in comparison. Ironically, the room rates at the Bellagio is much higher than a lot of the NEW five star hotels and I don't understand why...maybe because of the location? But the Venetian is right across the street and the room is bigger and probably the same price if not less!! The service was nice and the atmosphere was nice, but the room failed me...if I has known I would've just booked the Wynn or Venetian.
5	Outstanding. Magnificent. Fun!  It's a winner in all aspects -- even if you leave with no money. It's about having a great time. And you will if you stay here!
5	Amazing Hotel. Haw can anyone not like this place. Great service, great rooms, great tables, this was everything you could wish for. Went to the pool as well, hard to find anywhere to sit, but 3 - 4 pools so loads of space to swim and relax.Right in the centre of the strip so great location, and fountains are icing on cake. If I can afford it would stay here again.
3	I'm doing the local tourist review today. I haven't stayed at the hotel, so DON'T READ if that's what you're looking for.Going to Vegas? Yeah, you're gunna want to watch water dancing to music, 1 Star.That garden thingy? Oh yeah, it's the picturesque place.. if you could have the place to yourself. 2 Stars.The big chocolate fountain? I long for the day that I can dip my hands and drink from that magical fountain. 3 Stars.
4	I loved staying at the Bellagio, it is in the perfect location on the strip and our room was beautifully decorated. Although it was pretty pricey to stay here we had a good time and hopefully we will be back.
4	I attended a 5-day converence at the Bellagio.ROOM: My room was starting to look a little worn, but it was still nice. A/C works well (can't get the room super cold, but gets it very cool). Either the walls are nice and thick, or my neighbors were boring.AMENITIES: Restaurants on site aren't cheap. Even the place for late night meals can run you an easy $20, but everythign is quality and delicious. The pool is amazing. I brought my gym clothes, but never went. Whaddya expect? It's Vegas! Conference rooms were really nice.SERVICE: The staff is ridiculously friendly and accommodating. Most everyone says hello when you walk by. Dealers are funny and interesting. None of that difficult small talk at the tables. My room was turned twice a day. Housekeeping impressed me.
3	My recent stay at the Bellagio was 10 years too late.  If you are just walking around the casino floor, then it is still beautiful, with the Chihuly glass sculptures, the gardens, and the fountain show.  The guestrooms have not aged well and need to be upgraded.  The TV's are still CRT, the equipment is dated, and everything feels like it's been used a little too much.  We visited my friends' room at the Cosmo (wow! Japanese soaking tub and balcony) and going back to our own rooms at the Bellagio was disheartening.  Bellagio has begun the renovation process, one floor at a time, but until it's done - I would not recommend the rooms, with the exception of maybe the fountain view room.   If you stay in a fountain view room, you can watch the fountain show and  listen to the accompanying music on the TV in the coolness and comfort of your own room.  Know that the junior suite is not a suite - it is a single unseparated room with 2 windows and a desk.  The pool area is nicely manicured - but just way too family-oriented.  I love kids and all, but can't Bellagio take a cue from pretty much every other nice Vegas hotel and have a free adults-only section for those of us who are there sans kids?  Our only choices were between piss pools swarming with kids or the paid pool area with senior citizens.  We chose a small piss pool but had to scramble out of the pool when the kids started bumping everyone with orange loungers (despite the no floatation devices sign) and doing belly flops.  There was no music, just the sound of screaming, squealing kids splashing in the pool.  I enjoyed the pool cafe, but that'll be in a separate review.         Tip: to upgrade to a better room, try doing the sandwich at check-in. There's a high rate of success at  the Bellagio.  If you don't already know what it is, just google it.
3	I've been in Vegas multiple times but this was my first time staying here.The location here was convenient, although the hotel now looks like a little midget next to the City Center Extravaganza next door. The rooms were insanely small compared to THEHotel, Palazzo/Venetian/Wynn/Area; granted that those are much much newer.Snootiness of the staff definitely needs to be cut down a notch. I get that they used to be THE place to stay but I can get a much nicer room at other places for a lot cheaper without the attitude.I'll admit... I love the no child policy the hotel has. Getting nipped in the ankles while walking around Vegas rubs me the wrong way. Who takes an infant to the second hand smoke infested town!?The hotel itself is gorgeous, the conservatory is beautiful and they have huge gorgeous flower arrangements throughout the entire place. I guess that's why they charge an arm and a leg for a room that doesn't even sport flat screen TVs!We were lucky and they upgraded us into a lake view room where we were super high up and dead center to see the fountains.
4	We all know about the Bellagio, and so my story is that this is one of those places I've always wanted to stay, but never gotten around to it for some reason or another. Well, I finally had the chance and was not disappointed.We had a standard room was on the 21st floor. There is someone verifying keys 24/7 so that only guests are allowed up the elevator. Same goes for the pool area, and they scan your key there, not just look at it. The rooms themselves are roomy, with controls on the wall for the drapes. It had an IHome Ipod dock that doubled as the clock. The bathroom was large with a separate tub and stand up shower.The casino area is nice and there are some things to look at in the hotel. The restaurant selection is decent. The minus one star is for the fact that the room had a tube TV, I would have expected a flatscreen at least!
5	Of course this place is known for the famous fountain show when you walk by on the strip but I always had a great time actually gambling here.  There were definitely hundreds of dollars that exchanged hands on my adventures here.  The conservatory Botanical Gardens is beautiful too, always fun to walk by and take pictures there on every single trip to the area. Alot of nice birds to look at in the environment as well.   I almost stayed here way back when the place opened or near when it did, but now I just love passing through.  Maybe I can plan to stay at this spot sometime in the future.  I do look forward to seeing the fountains again on a future visit to Sin City. Of course the tram actually starts here once you walk through all those shops that gets you to Monte Carlo.  I did not go to the Bank Nightclub, but I HEARD it was really great.
5	The Absolute Royale frozen drink alone deserves 5 stars.  The drink is sublime.  It has acai, vodka, rose champagne, who knows what else - it's bluer than a Smurf and has a few fresh blueberries nestled on the top.  This is the best frozen drink ever, especially on a scorching summer day - even if it's served in one of those ghetto Bellagio disposable plastic cups and costs close to 15 bucks.The food is okay - standard overpriced poolside cafe fare.  Everything is spread out all fancy-like, probably to detract from the fact that the portions are puny.  I recommend filling up with drinks.  I had the Grilled Shrimp and Papaya Salad ($17) -  5 pieces of shrimp + 3 slices of mango + 2 slices of papaya + few slices of cucumber + a bit of coleslaw = still hungry.My husband had the Bellagio Lobster Rolls ($21) - It's true there is more than just 1 roll.  It's also true each of the 3 rolls is the size of a little kid's fist.  Tiny bits of so-called lobster meat.  They use the cheapest part of the lobster to make it so don't expect huge chunks of firm sweet lobster meat. It comes with shrimp chips (the kind you get with Peking duck) and sprouts.My friend had the Ahi Tuna Sliders ($18) - She thoroughly enjoyed her 3 little ahi tuna sliders.
5	A Vegas landmark. Iconic. Beautiful. Expensive. We stayed here for a friend's birthday, and boy did we. But we definitely got our money's worth. We went with the penthouse suite and it was nothing short of amazing. Private elevator and spacious living area. A great idea for those trying to do something special for the significant other.Pro tip: if you ever stay at Vdara, ask for a view of the Bellagio. Watching the water show from your window area is an experience in itself.
4	Classy hotel but showing some wear and tear around the edges.  Reserved suite with connecting room for birthday with a partial view but had problems at check in-paid extra to check in early to connecting room and waiting for suite to be vacated and cleaned by 3 pm but it turns out the suite people had a late check out of 4pm instead of normal check out of 3pm so had to haul our asses and our stuff back to lobby to get key cards for new room on the floor above us-ugh, waiting around for almost 2 hrs.  Great partial view of fountains but alot of things were broken in the rooms-tv remote, stained cushions on bench end of bed, vaniry mirror bulbs burnt out, ordered roll a way bed which never came so cancelled it, and other small things which were not expected for an over  $600/night stay.  However, limo to and from airport was nice along with the all day snacks and drinks from the excutive lounge (7am-9pm).  No comps offered here except the vip front of the line passes for the buffet, of which we frequented only once.  Amenities we enjoyed were the whirpool bathtub, steam shower, and hotel gym and pools (use it-you are charged a daily resort fee for their uses).  Oh yes, concierge met us outside with a rose and rooms had signature chocolates for my birthday and a hand written note from the assisstant manager.  May go back to try penthouse if I ever get a man and the hotel gives me a promo or discount.  Um, I tipped everone b/c the staff is just so nice except maybe the slight aloof check in desk.
4	I like this place, but when you go from the lobby to either the spa area or into the casino everyone is trying to take pictures, creating this clusterfuck mob of people that are just in your way, kind of annoying, but I get it they have a lot of nice things to look at, I just don't appreciate when people that walk in front of you stop  and get in your way, or clog up walking areas.
4	Stayed here when I was in Vegas and would stay again. Friendly staff, good service, nice views and location. All that's needed in a hotel
5	Stayed here in June of 2008.I loved the dancing water , the design of the hotel and shops. It was pure coincidence that Marie Osmond was there promoting and autographing her dolls-so I was able to get my favorite Strawberry Shortcake doll autographed.
4	This was my first time staying at Bellagio, and I was impressed, but not blown away. I think they have such a huge reputation that I was expecting there to be unicorns and red carpets and free personal assistants. The check-in was easy enough, and the flowers and decorations were really very nice. They also have the casino machines turned down, so there was no loud "ding ding ding"...I guess this is a positive, but that sound is just synonymous with Vegas so we didn't get that adrenalin rush. We got a complimentary upgrade (MLife) to a lake view room, which was a lot of fun to watch the fountains and listen to the choreographed music that played through the TV. But speaking of TVs...seriously it was an old tube! And small at that! I agree with other posters that this is just weird. The room was pretty standard, nothing too special. The turn-down service was nice, though, and the shower and tub were very spacious. If you go, request a room near the elevator or you will be walking for miles. The other nice thing is the tram that takes you to the Aria/City Center....still, though, this hotel is so spread out, you will be walking a ton no matter what. Lastly, I'm not a huge fan of the casino here. It's always overly crowded and the servers are slow and/or non-existent. I was there on a comp, but I do not think I would pay the money myself to stay there again.
5	BEAUTIFUL! CLASSY! CLEAN! It is definitely worth seeing once every season because they change the theme. You almost feel like your walking into a theme park...its so beautiful. Regardless of if you are staying there or not, I suggest everyone to at least check out the lobby :) Gorgeous. Very Artsy! Fabulous!
4	I've been to and stayed at Bellagio ever since it opened and even over years, its still a great hotel. Great location, the water show is still amazing, and their buffet is still one of my favorites on the strip!
5	Gorgeous suite!!! I definitely recommend a suite with a fountain/strip view!  It is just stunning to see the water show from an aerial view!!!
3	A beautiful hotel, but the guest rooms are quite average considering you can find nicer rooms at other Las Vegas hotels for a much cheaper price. That being said, you shouldn't stay here because you want to stay in a nice hotel. The price you're paying is for the location and the view of the fountain from your room. The hotel is in a great location in the center of the strip. You'll have access to everything you want to do/see in Las Vegas. This means more money. Everyone loves watching the fountain show in front of the Bellagio. Why not watch the show out your window, naked in the comfort of your own room? Try doing that outside. Now compare the cost of your stay at the Bellagio to the the amount of money it will take you to bail you out of jail for indecent exposure. Not too bad right? Man, that was a horrible night....er I mean, that's what I heard happened to a friend of mine.
5	Bellagio!! We've stayed at a few nice ones in Vegas and Bellagio has been the best overall. its in the middle of everything & its so pretty
4	First time staying at the Bellagio.  We stayed Friday thru Monday in a room with 2 queens located on the 4th floor of the Spa Towers.  There was 5 of us all together so we had 1 roll in bed.  It felt a little small but was comfortable enough.  We made it work.  Here are the pros and cons of our stay:Pros:- rooms were clean.  the whole hotel is clean.  - house keeping called everyday and asked what time we wanted our room clean (made it convenient)- its pretty sweet to be part of their Mlife players club card- located in an awesome area- free wi-fi- automatic drape/curtain openers (switch located by bed, awesome for hangovers)- quiet- nice bathroomsCons:- roll in beds are $35 a night (but we were comped) - lights in the room were very dim.  super annoying when we were trying to put on our makeup - the a/c sucked balls.  can barely tell.  - kinda small for 5 people- ghetto boxed tv- late check out was 12pm for us (thats not late)- waiting for the front desk people over the phone took FOREVER constantly- pool had no where to sit. - we are here to party and the crowd is a little too conservative for me.  duds at the pool.  crowd is kinda boring. - no reception downstairs in the casino.Overall, we had a pleasant stay at the Bellagio.  There were little things that bothered us but they were not a big deal.  our rooms were comped for the 3 nights so there is not much to complain.  However, if the rooms are normally around $300 a night, I would say it is not worth it.  Even for $200, I dont know if it is worth it.  The biggest thing that bugged me was the shitty A/C and how the pool had no where to seat.  Other than that, I would come here again if we are comped again or the rooms are discounted.
4	Great place they treat you like royalty.  For sure i will be back
3	The hotel itself is beautiful, do not get me wrong, but you can get a lot more bang for your buck. If you're most interested in gambling, it is not a bad hotel to stay at, however, if you want a really nice room and a fun atmosphere, Bellagio might not be the place for you. It is definitely not a party hotel.The Bellagio has a Chihuly moral on the ceiling, Dale Chihuly is a very talented glass blower and the artwork is a unique and innovative addition to the hotel. Additionally, the Bellagio fountains are quite the sight and while I consider them to be an essential stop for first-time tourists, you do not have to stay at the hotel to enjoy them.The rooms are what I have the biggest problem with. They are not necessarily shitty but they are pretty basic. The last time I stayed there, my room was relatively small, almost congested. For just a little more, you could have a far more spacious room at The Cosmopolitan, with upgraded amenities.The pool at the Bellagio is very, mellow and relaxing. It's also quite pretty. Unlike many of the hotels in Vegas, you can actually read a book here. However, I don't really find Vegas a place to go to have a mellow time. If I wanted to read a book by a pool, I'd go to Hawaii.The location of the Bellagio is ideal. It is in the heart of the strip so getting from point A to point B is a lot more simple than if you were to stay at Palms or even the Wynn. You can walk next door the Marquee at The Cosmopolitan because you're not going to want to go to The Bellagio's club, The Bank. It just really is not the place to be.
5	Awesome free fountain show! Good mojito at a bar inside the mall.
3	I stayed at Bellagio for a whole week while attending a business conference, and then a little extra to party with friends. Honestly I wasn't very impressed. GRANTED, this was my first trip to Vegas and I work in the travel/hospitality industry, so my opinion may be somewhat colored. The staff is very friendly, but inconsistent. Everyone working the conference was amazing and spot-on - some of the best hospitality work I've ever encountered. Outside that, however, it was a little dicey. The front desk workers were borderline incompetent, the concierge was extremely rude, and even the casino dealers were snarky and pushy about being tipped, even if we were losing. The cocktail waitresses take FOREVER. I know they have to take several orders and travel great distances in tiny outfits, but 20 minutes for a beer seems excessive. On top of that, I had $100 stolen from my guest room and the hotel seemed very unconcerned. The food is pretty good. I ate at Olive and Yellowtail, both of which are very expensive but tasty. The breakfast buffet at Buffet is worth the $15 if you can eat a lot... not a good hangover place though.The rooms were fine and clean, but very tired and outdated. I know the hotel is in the process of renovating, but unfortunately I did not get to see any of the improvements. Maybe in a year or two it will be a whole new experience. I'd consider going back, but would probably try a different hotel first. If I'm paying top dollar I want the applicable quality.
4	I've never had the opportunity to stay here (unfortunately), but its definitely one of the places we go during each Vegas trip.  Everything is so beautiful!  We love catching the seasonal decorations in the conservatory and the water show. Also, the show: "O" is a must watch!
3	I guess I've been spoiled by staying in the Palazzo, Veentian, Wynn, Palms and Cosmopolitan. The Bellagio is reasonably priced and good for the budget conscience. The rooms are dated and the service is horrible at the front desk, but housekeeping, bellmen and valets were very friendly. (See what tips do!) I will not stay here again, and would rank this in the second tier of Vegas hotels like Ballys, MGM, Paris, TI and other such properties. I was there this trip for a convention and made a reservation very late, hence, I got stuck in the Bellagio. The amenities are second rate compared to other similarly priced properties.
4	Gorgeous hotel/casino. We haven't had the pleasure of staying at this hotel yet, but we always stop by on our trips to Vegas. Lobby and decor: I love the glass flowers on the ceiling of the lobby and the beautiful floral arrangements they have, that are constantly changing. The little garden area with the gorgeous flowers, decor, and etc. are all so beautiful, we walked through this conservatory a few times. Staff: We had a really chatty blackjack dealer, who was kind of annoying, because she kept stopping to deal to talk to us about her days in the '80s when the hottest drug on the market was cocaine. Go fig. The other dealer we had was lovely -- funny, talkative, but not distracting. However, the rest of the staff we encountered to ask for directions to the restroom/whatever were all super-nice, friendly, helpful, and cheerful. Casino:Plenty of tables, at least one poker room, tons of slot machines, and many other games. Buffet:I love the breakfast here. I also really like the desserts here during lunch. I haven't had dinner here yet, but I'm dying to. I'm a sucker for a buffet, when the food's delicious.Shopping/etc.: I love the Via Bellagio shops and the tram to the Monte Carlo/Aria. Fountains of Bellagio Water show:BEAUTIFUL. I almost cried during one of the shows. Can't wait to stay here soon! I am also dying to see O.
5	Beautiful hotel and casino right on the strip. We didn't stay here but right when you walk in you feel like you have money...it just reeks of wealth!  If you don't get a chance to ever stay here you must go and at least try the buffet.  Best buffet I've ever had....$30 all you can eat and drink (champagne).  We didn't even get a chance to check out the pool or garden area because of this awesome brunch, but it sounds amazing from the other yelpers reviews...maybe next time:)
3	food was okay. a good amount to chose from but nothing blew me away except for their dessert! bellagio buffet probably has my favorite dessert selections out of all the buffets i've tried in vegas.
4	Bellagio always has and probably always be my fav strip casino.  The conservatory is a must see, which is to say if you havnt seen it, you must! Be ready though, cant take two steps in there in the evening on the weekends without ruining someone picture. So be creative (since youre going to be in them anyway) The conservatory is changed for several seasons - chinese new year, spring summer/4th of July , autumn, Cmas.  The water show is a great free attraction and is best seen from the dead center, in front of the hotel on the strip. (Although the bestest view is from any of the middle suites (the big round ones with the balconies on both sides of the living room).  Show is every 30 min (i think) at night. Go at night if you can - makes for better pics and its just not the same without the lighting.Also, check out the lobby (front desk) and the upside down glass sculptures/umbrellas/chandelier thing by Dale Chihuly.If youre down on the strip, walking , the last thing you want to do is go into a hotel and .... walk. But this hotel is worth checking out. Or grab a seat at the Petrossian Bar (right off the front desk/lobby area), order a drink and nurse it cuz its a great place to people watch.To the left of the hotel, under the giant sign is the moving sidewalk. So you can take a break and ride in. Drops you off near the front entrance. Youll just be an escalator ride away from the front doors and the Petrossian Bar and that umbrella sculpture thing.The pool area is very nice but its just a pool. That is to say its not a lazy river (MGM) or a giant wavepool (Mandalay Bay) just a pool. Kind of a disappointment  there.  The typical rooms are.... typical. Not the greatest. Suites (even the small ones ) kick *ss. If youre going to get a small suite get one on the end and strip side so your view wraps around.
3	This review is quite dated, I stayed there back in 2005 or so, I'm scheduled to stay again this Thanksgiving 2011 and I'll update after that.Though from family stays, I know it's a nice hotel, swanky, for the older crowd I feel. The rooms are alright but as a kid I was really unimpressed. Maybe I'd appreciate it more now.The housekeepers don't go through the sheets before they take them, they just roll it all off, so don't leave clothes, toys or worse, baby-blankets on the bed, or say goodbye. I learned this the hard way, as a kid I left my blankey there and that was the last I've seen of him. Despite calling housekeeping and being re-directed all over the damn hotel, I got nothing for my grief, and instead left a very devastated child.And now that I'm 21 I still have a biased grudge against them...
4	I do love the Bellagio, I must say.  The fountain show is so cool and always entertaining.  The blown glass everywhere is stunning.The food is great, pool - beautiful, wonderful landscaping.  I love how they have so many separate pools as well since it never seems to crowded. The drinks are wonderful.My only reason for 4 stars is it is getting a little dated compared to the other hotels and the staff at the front desk.  Everywhere else the staff is amazing! Bellmen, house keeping, room service etc.
4	Dont stay in the spa tower! The rooms are not renovated and the non-smoking rooms smell like smoke! After complaining of the smoke smell they upgraded me to the renovated rooms in the main building and it was much better. I'm bitter because I lost my money in blackjack, but I suck so its not the hotels fault. The pools was nice and quiet, service was lacking, apparently the waitress on our side of the pool was on a looooong break.
4	What a great hotel, the room I had was real nice huge bathroom and shower! Remote curtains also, great nights of sleep even if they was boozed filled! Casino is a little pricey can find cheaper on the strip. Brunch Buffet also very good deal.
5	Awesome hotel! Very clean and comfortable.The view we had was the fountain view and was it awesome! Had a great time at the pool area too and large enough for many people! One of the best hotels so far
4	Still the best hotel in Vegas in my book, has the classic Vegas feel, and beautiful inside and out. Can't go to Vegas without watching the water show in front! The lobby's colorful glass ceiling is one of my favorites, along with the garden. I'd say the only con is it's a bit of a walk to the strip from the front of the hotel.
5	I love their water show. I'm super sad when I come to Vegas and miss this...but this year I was able to watch it four times back to back coz it was on every 15 minutes. I was a happy girl!Hotel rooms are pretty and clean...well, for the price it better be, right?! (much smaller than what you can get from another hotel though) But....It was worth trying them out and seeing what the fuss is all about...hehehePool is awesome...they also have classes like Kick boxing while your in the pool on the weekends. It is pricey but if you can afford it...why the hell not?!
2	Overpriced ,overcrowded.I truly don't get this place (or Vegas for that matter).I have a friend that had some comps,who gave me a gift card to take my elderly aunt and sister to the buffet here ,but they quit giving out line passes.What that means is that at lunch or dinner,there are about 200 hundred people in line and about an hour to two hour wait .When you've got a cranky 86 year old it's not much different than a cranky 3 year old,except the 86 year old can dish out f bombs at a higher rate than the 3 year old.I ended up trying to use the credit at some of the other eateries in the place by myself,but the prices at these places were just atrocious.Even if you have a $150 buck credit,you notice how much of a rip off these places are when compared to places in the bay area.Danko's and Masa's seem cheap in comparison.But as the locals say,if you want to lose money,the strip is the fastest place to do it.
5	Loving the penthouse suite!
4	Ever since watching the first Ocean's 11, I've wanted to stay at the Bellagio.  The opulence! The glamour! Did we get that during our 3 nights? Yes...but we couldn't help but think the B is a bit...outdated. Don't get my wrong. From the stunning seasonal displays in the lobby, to the impeccable room service orders, and the famous fountains...the B knows now to treat guests. However, after spending time in the newer Aria and Cosmopolitan properties, we couldn't help but feel like the Bellagio needed to update itself. The standard king rooms, still featured tube TV sets. Our shower door was squeaky, and the shower head was caked in green sludge and mineral deposits. The toiletries were in nice bottles but smelled like shampoo ad conditioner from the Double Tree. I for some reason expected Bvlgari or like the W hotels, Bliss products. Again, don't get me wrong. I appreciate the spacious room, and the marble and granite...and the location can't be beat, smack dab in the middle of the strip. But for the money, I'd rather have something more contemporary, with more "wow" factor.
5	We stayed here in 2009 for our honeymoon. Our room was a lagoon view suite and it was a real treat. I've been back to Vegas and stayed many other places, but I have to say Bellagio is my favorite hotel/casino. I love the ambiance an color of the casino floor. The restaurants are excellent (Circo, Prime are my favorites) and it just feels timelessly classic. I know Wynn and Encore are newer and now there's the Cosmopolitan and others, but I think Bellagio will stand the test of time.
5	This is my absolute favorite Vegas hotel. Not only is it in an amazing location, it's stunning! This luxurious hotel is a masterpiece from the second you walk in the door, whether it's the main lobby with the beautiful glass flowers on the ceiling leading to the ever-changing atrium/conservatory or the world-class dining and shopping. The staff are very nice. Everything about this hotel is stunning!
3	Pro: good view for 1st time, nice roomCons: room 25052 cannot lock, request 2 queens but got king with small extra bed, breakfast?!?!
4	i only went here to play rockin olives, my favorite slot machine.the venetian was supposed to have it too, but apparently they took it out.sorry -- can't give you any more feedback about this place
4	Stayed yet again first week of Oct. Was concerned about the bedbug plague so asked for one of their newly renovated rooms. Room was very nice. Pleasant decor, ugly large closet is gone. New thin TV. No bedbugs. An improvement. They aRE DECORATING  all rooms about 5 floors at a time.
5	This is probably one of the few hotels I have to visit every time I'm in Vegas.  It's not just a beautiful place to stay in (I love the suites that face the Strip), but simply walking through the hotel is an adventure in and of itself.  Every few months or so, they change the decorations in their botanical garden to match the theme of an upcoming holiday or season.  It's always magnificently and artfully displayed, so make sure you bring your camera!  Sometimes, they may even have a little bird or butterfly exhibit (I think this occurs during the Spring time).  I also love the glass blown flowers on the ceiling of the lobby.  It is definitely worth seeing!There are also beautiful couture shops and boutiques.  Bellagio has a great selection for those high end shoppers :)If you're looking for a great show, catch O - a Cirque du Soleil show with a water theme.  Breathtaking acrobatics and costumes.. love it!Last but not least, the Bellagio has a beautiful water show.  I think it comes on every half hour, and it takes place right in the Bellagio fountain.  If you have a room that faces the Strip, you are in luck!  If not, don't sweat!  You can get front row views right on the Strip!  The water moves with the music, and when it crescendos, you can hear the thundering of the water.  It's truly a spectacular to see.  Check it out!
4	I had a luxurious stay at Bellagio and am in awe of the decor throughout the hotel.  The views from my room were stunning.  It was just a bonus to have watched 'O', being the best Cirque show I've seen, and eaten at the Buffet, which also is the best one I've visited in Vegas.  I'm still shocked at how amazing the pasta was.  The pool cafe was a wonderful place to relax.  One downside is the looooong hallways, making for a time intensive walk to get anywhere near the action if you're staying in a corner suite (which I did).  Another downside is the expense of most things related to this hotel.  I'm not a high roller, so staying here and purchasing anything is a rare treat.  I wish it were more affordable.
4	I enjoy the service, ambiance and amenities this hotel provides the guest.  It remains one of the better hotels in Vegas.  The metro to City Center also provides convenient transportation to the newest fun spot on the strip.
5	My wife and I lived in Las Vegas for several years and we were captivated by the Bellagio hotel and casino. It's charm and elegance are unrivaled and the accommodations are among the most comfortable and finest we've seen. When we are visiting Las Vegas, this is where we choose to stay. A truly romantic setting.Pros: Accommodations, Entertainment, Dining
5	This review is for the Casino only.  Five stars for the two hidden $5 Black Jack tables and all the complimentary Peroni beers one can drink.  Even though I lost I totally won!  Travelers Tip:  Look for the $5 dollar Black Jack tables.  There are only two and they are wheelchair accessible so they sit lower than the other gaming tables (which made me wonder, does the Bellagio assume people in wheelchairs have less money?  Oh well it's fine by me!).  The first table is located in the front of the Casino, in the first set of table games right behind the very first roulette wheel in the second row away from the main aisle.  The second table  is located in roughly the same area only  in the second table gaming area. Just look for the first roulette wheel in each section and you'll find it.  It took me a while to find them.  I even asked a bartender where they were only to be informed with a laugh, "there are no $5 dollar Black Jack tables at the Bellagio, you're in the wrong place"...he was wrong.  :)  Must be a pretty well kept secret.Good luck!
3	If you sit at a table with a dealer named Matthew, run far far away.He faintly resembles tom hanks, and is the meanest person in the world. I don't think I saw him smile once and made my gambling experience the most unpleasant one I've ever had. Send him to a serious table or fire him please.He also made me feel pressured for sitting at his table and told me to go to another table countless number of times. RUDE RUDE RUDE service. I'm disappointed.
5	My boyfriend and I stayed here for our anniversary. I was blown away by their attentive customer service. Checking in was a breeze, and at the desk they said they saw the note that it was our anniversary, so we got a free upgrade! In addition, a guy came by with ice right away without us asking (although paranoid me threw it away because I don't know where it's been), and when we left for dinner and came back, robes and chocolates were laid out on the bed for us and everything in the bathroom was arranged neatly. All of the employees greet you sincerely when you cross paths with them. I love the staff here, everyone is so helpful.
2	The service here is TERRIBLE.A couple of friends and I made it to our room around 3am on a Friday night, 2 minutes after entering our room filled with smoke.  We called the front desk telling them about the situation and they told us they'd send someone up.  We sat outside our room for over 30 minutes waiting..  If it wasn't for a housekeeper to walk by we probably would of never had anyone help us.  Long story short their heaters were the cause of all the smoke.  They were not apologetic about the situation AT ALL.  We complained multiple times about the fact that no one came up to help.If it wasn't for the amazing view of the water show and semi comfy beds I would rate this hotel a 1.  I wouldn't expect a hotel this classy to have such poor customer service.  Would not stay here again.
5	Beautiful place to be.. you won't regret it!! =) Everyone will cater to your needs or answer you questions and won't leave you hanging wondering where your going and what not. Pricey, yes.. but so worth it!!
4	Gorgeous, one of my favorite hotels. I can't give it five stars because I've never stayed here, but I've been to the clubs, taken in the beautiful displays and eaten at the restaurants. I'm a fan of it all.
5	Love this hotel and all its amenities!  A little pricy but worth it for the pool, view of the fountain shows, food and proximity to all things on the Strip.
3	Okay, I give the Bellagio three stars for being the Bellagio. It's beautiful. It has fine, if not great restaurants which I frequent with some degree of regularity...and the most beautiful holiday decorations in Las Vegas.Before MGM: No kids. Now I find myself being run over by strollers in the casino, seeing folks wearing fanny packs and T shirts wandering about.Sorry people, while it has first class rooms, restaurants and service, this is no longer a world class, first class hotel. And for you tourists in Vegas, give us break in high end places: Dress and act like you belong there.
5	if i had lots of money and bling and game and was a player, i would stay here. it is so damn awesome. i should say, i am none of the above. all i can really do is walk through here and talk down about how silly it is to stay at such an extravagant place, shopping at such high end shops, when really, if i had the money, i'd probably be one of them. i love the gardens and decorations and the fountains out front. the restaurants and shops are extravagant. a couple of halloweens ago, we went to The Bank nightclub here and took out a small loan to buy drinks in the club. i assume that's how the whole hotel is. very swank and nice place.
5	This has got the most beautiful hotel on the strip. Everything here screams opulence. One of those places where I would have to get a second mortgage to stay the weekend. They had a gorgeous fall themed topiary with an anamatronic tree and chasing fountains. WOW!
5	Love this casino. Elegant, Beautiful, Stunning, a Masterpiece. No matter how many years go by. Bellagio will always be one of the most luxurious hotel & casino in Las Vegas.The rooms are amazing. Super clean. The housekeeping even comes in mid day to get your bed ready for night time. Craziness I tell ya.The botanical garden always has a new theme every season/holiday. The designs are breath taking.The fountain is just super cool. And I've seen it like more than 20 times. But everytime it's nice. Last time we saw it at day time, it had a double rainbow in it. :)They have so many swimming pools... It's kinda ridiculous.. but awesome at the same time. haha.They still have an arcade too! And console game setups. Nice touch.I have stayed in many casinos in Las Vegas but Bellagio is still one of my favorites by far. If you can afford to stay here. I highly recommend it. The only casino I like more is the Wynn/Encore.
3	I have heard very god things about this hotel. And let me say I was very disappointed . I thought I was going to be wowed and I wasn't. The customer service is ok. I personally think for being the Bellagio it should be better.
5	Saw "O" and was thoroughly entertained.  Got our tickets on line as part of their dinner/drink package and saved money!It's always WORTH a special trip to see the water show out front in the fountains and THE FABULOUS seasonal displays in the garden.  They are creative and wonderful.  I've visited at Christmas and again this Fall.  There were giant cornucopia's, horses and a talking tree just to name a few of the highlights.  It's a wonderful family photo opportunity.
2	just got back from staying at the Bellagio Hotel for the first time.  All I can say is I was extremely disappointed especially for the price.  First we were put on a smoking floor without notification.  The room was out of date (no flat screen TV) and multiple fixture in the bathroom were falling off.  Turns out they were closing the floor right after we left for updating so they knew the room was not appropriate but still put us there for the weekend.  Finally, service at the front desk was grossly understaffed.  Checking out should not take 30 minutes. Overall would not go back. Better hotels in Vegas.
3	Not worth the money.I ponied up and paid the premium to enjoy a little luxury for a weekend at Bellagio, but unfortunately was a bit disappointed in the room and don't feel that I got what I paid for.ROOMS :The "renovated/remodeled" rooms have been redecorated with walls horridly painted with tacky 70's retro lime-green and bright purple swirls/flowers (?), definitely taking the anticipated luxurious feel down a few notches.  Everything was in decent shape and functioned properly, but the only thing that impressed me about the room was the push-button shades/sheers (wall mounted, not remote).LOCATION:Bellagio's location on the strip is pretty good, but then again, so is Imperial Palace's.  That being said, I didn't leave the property for the extent of my stay; so I guess there's something to be said for the casino.POOL:The pool(s) area is pretty large, but nothing exceptional beyond that.  A few of the smaller pools have fountains (these are not heated), but most are just standard, rectangular, 3 or 4 foot deep areas to wade around in.THE BANK:The Bank (the nightclub at Bellagio) is nice, a decent size, and has tons of tables if you'd like to purchase bottle service.  As a hotel guest, you can get free entry before around 11:30pm.http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-bank-nightclub-las-vegas#hrid:6xl78ZnLe3cPVEI7Nc53rAMICHAEL MINA:Michael Mina's restaurant offers fine dining at a 1 star Michelin rated level.  Quite delicious, but of course, also quite pricey.http://www.yelp.com/biz/michael-mina-las-vegas#hrid:fJ_xzAemOWoo5glLBcf0FQBUFFET:The buffet is actually really good.  Lunch was $20; which isn't bad at all for what you get.  If you gamble enough, use your player's card at the register to get this partly/fully comped.http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-buffet-at-bellagio-las-vegas#hrid:6LQS0nrbEKAEzjBGroXU4AEven though I've experienced more luxury (I'd prefer to stay at MGM Signature) for less money, I'll give Bellagio 3 stars.  It's still pretty classy in it's old age.
5	This is best suite I've ever had 1500.00 per night oughtta do it.
4	I love, love the way the Bellagio looks and one of my favorite dinning experiences in Vegas took place at the Bellagio.  I thought the Bellagio's casino was one of the best in Vegas. The casino didn't make me feel like some little old lady wearing a fanny pack, slot machine player.  It felt cool to lose coin in the Bellagio.  We got some of the best drink service while gambling at the Bellagio.    I got a player's card from the Bellagio and even got to gamble with some of the house's money.
5	One of my fave hotels!  It's been around a lil longer than some of the best on the strip, but it's the classiest.  Love love love the ambiance & relaxing feel of the hotel.The rooms are awesome!  Pretty big rooms, and the bathrooms are humongous!!  Ther only thing that is weird about the bathroom is, the standing shower is directly in front of the mirror, so you get to watch yourself shower.. a lil weird..Each time I'm in Vegas, I try visiting the Gardens, it's always beautiful & changes with the seasons.Jean Phillipe Patisserie with the largest chocolate fountain always pulls me too!  Mmmmmm.Anyways, still one of my faves!
4	- Bellagio from LAS: $16 ish bucks via Taxi.  -Check-in : was kinda confusing. There are no formed line of any sorts. Just look for who ever is gonna be done and line up behind them. -Rooms:Ask for a newly renovated room. I think the smaller non-lake view rooms have been updated. New rooms have big flat screen TVs, powered blinds, big soaking tubs, and turn down service. Don't touch the alcohol or snacks u will be charged. -Restaurants- theres a coffee joint a short walkaway from the elevator, a chocolate/ ice cream shop, a steak house,  sports bar etc etc... you basically never have to leave if your rollin in cash. Unlike me there r  some cheap places across the street. - The free Internet kinda sucks. My iphone almost never got online.  - The location is great. As of right meow it's in the middle of the strip. Ur gonna like that when walking up and down the street. - I'm not a smoker.  Not that there's any thing wrong with it. And while in Vegas i wasn't use the non-Californian smokers. It just makes me ill.
3	Just about every hotel on the strip has had reports of bedbugs recently. Any of yo yelpers have any experiences tor report on the matter?
5	The Bellagio just hit the top of my list for Vegas hotels. Where should I start? The customer service you get here is wonderful. They make their guests feel like royalty. Upon check in we were 2 hrs early and like any other hotel they held on to our luggage and were told to come back at 12 for check in. So I go for a quick drink and return at 11 to see if there's any rooms available and there was. We get on the elevator and walk into a gorgeous room with a wonderful view. Before I even finish checking out the whole room I get a knock on the door and there's my luggage. Talk about a great start. Mini bar had a great selection and we also ordered breakfast from the menu and my steak and egg was delicious and it also came with a complimentary newspaper of my choice. Then It's off to the gym. They have a midsize fitness room with a great view of the pool area and equipped with enough water, towels and headphones for everyone there. The equipment is up to date and very clean. The gym personnel was very friendly and pointed everything out for us that was in that place.The gambling is also great at this place. They have tons of table games with friendly dealers and like everywhere else, buy-ins change accordingly. They have tons of slots and the sports book is also very nice. Of course we all know about the fountain show so I won't even get into that.I would recommend this place to anyone visiting Vegas who really cares about customer service and great quality when traveling there.
3	I've never stayed at the Bellagio so this review doesn't apply to the accommodations. I feel like the Bellagio is overrated. When it was first built, it was a cool place to check out with the fountains, the garden arrangements, as well as the shops and dining. However, since then, it's like everyone else has followed suit and Bellagio has just become another resort on the strip IMO. I only tend to end up at the Bellagio these days when I'm playing tour guide to friends and or family.
4	We stayed here for the weekend.  It is really gorgeous and the rooms are clean with a great view. Of course like all hotel in Vegas, this one was huge.  When I was walking around the Casino area, it was really hard to find my way out or go back to my room.  I felt like I was walking in circles.If you are on a budget, I would not eat here.  It's pricey.  The gaming area for blackjack is not like downtown.  The lowest you can play is $25.00 a hand.
4	I stayed in the Bellagio on my very first business trip to Las Vegas, and I would return here in a heart beat. 5 days in Vegas is about 3 days too many, but the Bellagio made my stay comfortable and lovely. My room was immaculate. The bed was super comfortable. The bathroom was roomy and upgraded and the view can't be beat. The casino floor, the famous glasswork, the botanical gardens and the restaurant and shops located inside are all fabulous and beautiful.Games are bit expensive, but it's the Bellagio, so what do you expect?
4	We stop here every time we're in town to check out the seasonal exhibits in the hall. Even if it's the same as last years we always enjoy seeing them again.  It's also a great central location from which you can walk to other places, either on the street or via the tram passing by the back. Their buffets are pricey but definitely a cut above most of the others. Although my dad managed to fall asleep during it (maybe because we had 2 buffets in a row).
5	We had a disaster of an experience at a neighboring hotel, and thankfully were re-booked into the Bellagio.  It's spotless, the staff is professional, and very well trained, the room was beautiful and quiet, and we couldn't ask for anything better.  It attracts a slightly older and more civilized crowd, as opposed to the young party scene.  Whatever people like to do in Vegas is fine, but when you come back to your room for peace and quiet (and sleep!), the Bellagio delivered 100%.
5	I love this hotel and all it's glory. Any place that is willing to spend about $33 billion on their free water found show out front is going to be my favorite place to stand at the top of the hour or every 15 minutes after 7pm. I could watch every single fountain show that is choreographed by computer with randomly picked songs and never get tired of it. I also love walking through the hotel lobby to enjoy the extravagant seasonal displays. If I were rich I would definitely like to stay here too.
4	AMAZING HOTEL! Clean, nice, and AMAZING! Rooms? Stayed in a luxury villa and it was HUGE! But seriously, how come there's almost double of the amount of bathrooms than bedrooms? Kinda pathetic. Spa? Got an in room massage for 90 minutes and it was worth every penny. Make sure you ask for Jennifer! Shows? O by Cirque du Soleil is where to go. Surrealism, jaw dropping, and just amazing! Dining? Picasso. Don't even waste your time at Michael Mina or Jasmine. Go to Picasso. Shops? Via Bellagio will fit everyone's needs from Chanel to Prada.All in all, great hotel! I'll come here again.
4	Elegant hotel, good restaurants.
4	You know how it's kinda bitter/sweet to leave Vegas? Bitter because this town is a blast in a glass; sweet for your liver and wallet... Staying at the Bellagio may add a notch to both those categories. Of the "older" Vegas establishments, the Bellagio is by far the nicest. The paint may be a bit stale, but the fresh flower displays make up for it. I love the themes for the seasons. If you're in town, do not miss the arboretum. I had the fortune of seeing it installed and it really tied the impressiveness together.Thank goodness the amazing company I work for fronted the bill bc I never would have been able to afford this opulence.My room was great. Plenty of modern amenities (iPod dock, power curtains bed side and a mini fridge). The bathroom had lovely freebies but the water smelled like rusty pipes. Yuck! The front desk messed up my bill with some bogus charges but they were kind enough to fix them on the spot. I thought it was also kinda weird that I had to walk through the busiest part of the casino to get to the gym...If youve got the funds, do it at least once. Vegas is meant to be indulged and the Bellagio will help you do it.
4	Having been a Vegas resident for six years, we never really had a reason to book a room at any of the hotels on the strip, but now that we've moved to Long Beach and had to visit family for the holidays, we figured we'd do it this one time and do it right, so we decided to pick up one of the Bellagio Suites.   We ended up with one at the spa tower and while the accommodations were certainly plush and worth every penny, there were a few details where things just happened to fall short. - It was called the Spa tower, but had no direct access to the spa/fitness area - Dub Tee eff ? - so we ended up walking the common walkways dripping in sweat and enticing everyone with our pheromones.  Schmexy.- Access to the spa tower elevators was a hell of a trek from the parking area through some of the busiest parts of the hotel - meh- When we lived here we used to joke about LV being a few years behind the technology curve and sure enough, it came back to bite us.  The room only had a dock that was compatible with an iPod Nano - Double-Dub Tee eff.  So we had this huge suite and couldn't bump any jams to go along with our Gummi bear-fueled Orgy.  - wack.Overall though, it was significantly more enjoyable than any other hotel stay we've had.  The option of having both a Jacuzzi in one bathroom, a steam shower in the other and a powder room for guests made it very convenient.  If we ever get our arms twisted enough again to re-visit Sin City, we've resolved to always stay at a Bellagio suite (unless something better comes along)
5	The fountain. The shops. The utter beauty of everything. This place is amazing, and one day I hope to stay at the hotel. Just passing through and doing some window shopping, this place seems like one of the most elegant hotels in Vegas.
5	What a splendid place, great shops, great restaurants, wonderful show, and amazing rooms. Plus that breath taking fountain. *sigh* Good times. =)
4	I still am a fan of the Bellagio. A true Las Vegas classic located in the smack dab middle of the strip, the location is hard to beat and Steve Wynn prides himself in still housing some of the best restaurants at this hotel. MIchael Mina has a restaurant here that is phenomenal! Also find famous names - Le Cirque & Picasso here.The rooms aren't Wynn/Encore/Cosmo-amazing, but still solid 4-star rooms. Clean, modern, comfortable, and open floor plan.Their shopping also offers some selective luxury brands - Chanel and Hermes boutiques can be found at the Bellagio!Their water fountain show is fun and romantic and is done every hour. Inside the lobby, you'll find that the decor reflects the season or holiday during that time. Chinese New Year is a fun time to visit - Bellagio is all decked out in red!Still fond of it... =)
5	I was just here this past week and their holiday decorations are BEAUTIFUL! Their observatory garden area is always changing which makes it so fun because it's never the same. They change it for every season and you just want to take pictures of everything! Though the bad thing is because EVERYONE wants to take pictures it gets crowded. I would recommend going LATE at night so it's empty and you don't need to wait in line or worry about people getting in the way of your picture. It's Vegas after all you don't need to sleep!
4	Bellagio is quite the fancy hotel and is most known for its fountain that puts on a spectacular water show at regular intervals throughout the day. Most of my trips to Vegas are for my birthday which falls during the month of December and during that time, the hotel has set up their holiday decor including a really fun display that features trees, flowers, water effects, and animatronic animal.The overall feel of the hotel is very elegant with artwork displayed everywhere and architecture that is grand in scale and beautifully crafted. The lobby area features a blown glass chandelier that was created by Washington's own Dale Chihuly.The Bellagio shops feature a wide area of fancy stores where piles of money can be spent if that's your thing, or you can just sit back and people watch all day both here and on the casino floor. Speaking of dropping lots of cash and casino floors, the Bellagio combines both of these options in to one handy gaming area as well as a very large sports betting area.My favorite feature about this hotel is the buffet restaurant that has a ton of great food at a price that's not too bad considering everything that you get.
4	NOTE: Review is for POKER ROOM ONLY! ( did not stay at the hotel. )I "heart" the Bellagio - mainly because it is a total landmark (think Ocean's 11 and Poker). The poker room is well staffed and definitely busy - even during "down" times. The poker staff is courteous and the "poker host" (I don't know what to call those people who seat you when you're on the waiting list) are effective and busy. Even though I lost $$$ that night, I was happy to play poker at the Bellagio - a must see/must do for any poker player out ther.
4	LOVE the Bellagio. The Garden they have there is changed seasonally and is always breath-taking. The fountains of course are famous. I watch them languidly lick at the sky in the setting sunlight from my desk at home. There are great restaurants there and the amazing Cirque Du Soleil production, "O" has residency in the theatre. It is always VERY busy and the valet can be jammed and is occasionally full. There IS security at the elevators so it is a bit of a pain for gentlemen seeking company, but in my professional opinion, the hassle is worth it.The rooms are lovely and have great views and the 4-Star rating is due ONLY to the hassle of the valet and security. It deserves a 5-star rating as a hotel/casino for the general population.
5	By far THE BEST HOTEL in Vegas (according to yours truly)! I just LOVE the Bellagio. My graduation presents (after nursing school) was a trip to Vegas. I always loved the Bellagio (mostly due to the fountains... and of course Oceans 11)... so Daddy surprised me and booked the BF and I at the Bellagio for our 5 day stay! SCORE!!!From beginning to end, service was exceptional. Check in was easy. Once we were settled someone called the room to check on us. We ordered a mini roll away fridge which was brought up quickly. Our safe was stuck so someone came up promptly to fix it. Anything and everything we needed was done efficiently. Everyone was so courteous and nice! The hotel itself is breathtaking. The fountains are beautiful. Jean Phillipe Patisserie: largest chocolate fountain and YUMMY gelato! The gallery inside is gorgeous as is the conservatory. We saw "O" which was beyond words. It was magnificent! There are TONS of different gaming options across the floor (albeit a bit pricier than other hotels). The Bellagio buffet is THE BEST BUFFET in Vegas! Quality food!!! Cafe Bellagio is open 24 hours and has THE BEST crab bakes benedict! The pools are beautiful. The rooms are beautiful. The pillows are soft, the blankets are SUPER COMFY! The bath robes are SUPER COMFY! The hot tub is HUGE and DEEP... you could fit 4 people in it! The bathrooms are all marble... I mean the list goes on and on. Oohhhh must say when you walk into the check in/check out area the glass ceiling is just GORGEOUS!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE everything about this hotel!!!When I went back with friends... I stayed at 3 hotels in my 6 day trip. Paris first (never again), Venetian next (NEVER EVER again), and the Palazzo (nice, but I prefer the Bellagio).Next time... guaranteed... and all future trips with my BF... ONLY STAYING AT THE BELLAGIO! Now if I go with my bestie Tasha... her fave is the Wynn... I guess we'll duke it out when that time comes lol...
5	I don't care which hotel is the best or newest on the strip, Bellagio is my favorite hotel in Vegas! Everything about this place rocks.The hotel, fountains and grounds are lovely. From the marble and glass bathrooms to the atrium filled with millions of live flowers, it was like you just got transported to a mid-summer night fantasy dream.   Lovely hotel though the rooms were a bit smaller than other hotels in this price range. The lights and atmosphere of the show just tells you, YOU ARE IN VEGAS!!The casino was pretty nice, but there's way too many people. Great if you're a visitor, not so much if you're actually staying at the hotel. I guess that's to be expected at most places though. Bellagio Hotel is among my favorite adult hotel and resort for unlimited access to fun amenities, romance, excitement, entertainment and magnificent world renowned cuisines.
4	Easy on and off the freeway and valet parking is super speedy.  Great place to take the family and out of towners if you live in Vegas.  We usually visit the atrium and then coffee next to the museum in the back. There is plenty to do at this hotel and the buffet is great too.  In fact, the least impressive is the atrium compared to the other things you can do at this hotel.  Once you have seen one winter display, you've seen most.
5	By far the best place to stay in Vegas. Service, accommodations, atmosphere, art, and location are great. These are the nicest suites in Vegas. Many more amenities for the money. Jacuzzi tubs, and even a steam room in the upper-mid range suites. Every detail taken care of. The Spa is second best, but still very nice.Second place is the Venetian, which does have a better Spa, and accomodations and service almost equal to the Bellagio. But nothing to compare to the Bellagio Gardens.We've stayed at many Vegas hotels. This is the one we go back to.
2	Decor:  Who doesn't love the glass-blown flowers, conservatory gardens, fountain coordinated with music.Check-in process:  1 star service.  I waited 45 min and was able to time that each reception takes 7 - 10 min to check a party in.  Some of them (like Krystal) have a major attitude when the guests let them know the process is taking too long.  Krystal even rolled her eyes, flapped her hands up and said guests questioning their ability will only slow the process down.  Geez.   Not asking for Zappos customer service but come on...Final decision:  We will never stay there again.  Just not worth the hassle considered how much they charge their rooms.
4	wow this place is pricey but fun. well we at here for dinner and saw Mike Tyson just know when he comes in  everyone was like WOW mike tyson is here, but you know what  - he is a man just like any other man. he is just a famous boxer. but, he would like to  eat  in a public place and he want  to just eat.
2	This is a 2 diamonds hotel? REALLY? I mean the fountain is great, the casino seems pretty sleek too but you don't need to be staying in the hotel to experience those right?The room is decent sized but I got really annoyed today. After a long day of work I went back to my room to rest. And for me there's nothing better than a cup of warm tea. Couldn't find an electrical kettle. Nowhere to get any hot water either (I'm not used to drinking from tap) I thought this is basic???So I called the front desk and the girl kept pushing me to talk to the in room dining who btw wants to charge me $4 for a cup of hot water. SERIOUSLY? The people were rude and at this point it's beyond that stupid hot water. Strange.. What is wrong with these people, she ended the conversation with "it's been OUR policy for 13 years" errrr maybe you should be less snobbish and try to say it nicer or something?Oh btw they don't even have room slippers and toothbrush in their room, you have to request for those. Isn't this also basic basic basic hotel things? Are they trying to cut cost that MUCH?Honestly I don't care much for the Bellagio, there are other nice newer hotels in Vegas. For my next trip I'll definitely look elsewhere. I'll probably swing by Mon Ami Gabi for dinner and shamelessly free ride on the fountain but you ain't getting a single penny from me hmmm~
3	I don't understand how such a nice hotel can have a horrible check-in process.  It's extremely disorganized, you just look for the shortest line, and get in it, no matter it may suddenly slow down and people who got into other lines 20 minutes after you did are probably in their rooms by then.  Unfortunately, we picked a line like that the last time I stayed there.  I don't understand why they don't use the ropes, so the line is fair and orderly, instead it's crowded and there are people scattered everywhere.  It took probably 45 minutes to check in because the people who were at the front were from out of the country and had about 8 passports to check in, then they decided they wanted to change their type of room.  Now, this is not the hotel's fault, but if they had an orderly line, I could have gone to the next available person.  Instead, the employee directing people to lines tells us to stay where we are.  I did not even see the point of that person.  Seriously, a simple rope that probably doesn't cost much could make all the difference and keep guests tempers down.They have recently renovated and the rooms were very nice and clean.  I liked the photographs they had throughout the halls and in the rooms.  Of course, the lobby is beautiful (but not beautiful enough to distract from the line!).  The housekeeping staff was extremely friendly and they are a definite positive about the Bellagio, unlike the cocktail servers.  Good luck finding one while you are gambling or if you do see one, getting them to stop and take your drink order.  I will probably stay there again, but I know I need to prepare myself for the cattle call check-in.
4	This hotel is so beautiful! When you walk in there is a long ceiling full of hand blown glass sculptures and underneath theres a beautiful statue of a horse, it's better to see than to describe!I personally haven't stayed at the Bellagio but I went to see Cirque du Soleil [O] while I was in Vegas so as I was walking around I saw a mixed crowd, so for the most part it's an attractive hotel. Everything is mega clean and it's casino seems to always be packed. I would definitely consider this place next time I come since I did see a bit more young people than middle aged and up [on the weekend] which makes me think it's becoming more and more modern and appealing to me.
1	First to worst...never seen a bigger decline in a business....I ve stayed at the Bellagio a dozen times over 10 years and actually published a glowing review 10years ago...but, it's changed.  The front desk perosnel were rude, the Resturant -- Olives tried to scam us and the casino cocktail server was outwardly rude!  So, we checked out of a free room and moved to another hotel that cost me a grand; demonstrating just how much I disliked the place....my new favs are the Palms and Wynn....stay away from the Bellagio! Sorry.
4	Bellagio still remains to be one of the premier hotels on the Las Vegas strip.  While Encore, Wynn, City Center, & Cosmopolitan are the new kids on the luxury hotels on the strip, there is still a undeniable class that can not be ignored at the Bellagio. Home of the Bellagio fountains,  the Bellagio Conservatory, Chihuly glass blown art in the lobby, beautiful private pool and gardens.  The restaurants here are some of the best of the strip, Prime Steakhouse, Noodles (one of my faves), the Seafood Buffet (one of the best on the strip). Bellagio is for your refined guest, who don't like to be seen, but have.  It's not your bikini clad day time pool party, it's your home away from home.  Be sure to get a room with a view of the Bellagio fountain show.  It thunders like champagne with views of the Eiffel Tower at the Paris.    I like the suites here over the standard rooms, so upgrade if you can.  Enjoy your stay and have a glass of champagne and watch the show from your room.  Truly spectacular!
4	Good stuff here! Room was fabulous, watching the fountains was fun. The food was very tasty, service helpful and friendly, especially for Vegas. Never gambled (I worked 5 years in Tahoe, 'nuf said) so can't speak to that. TV system straight out of the 90's, new flat screens with old old old hotel movie system, but who watches TV in Vegas? Check out the Chihuly glass in the lobby, the gardens and the Cirque show, "O". Wow.Take out a mortgage first, though.
4	It is the Bellagio. That sez it all. Great dining, gambling, and relaxing. How can you go wrong?
5	The fountain show is spectacular at night! You don't have to be a guest here to enjoy that. You don't even have to be staying on the Strip. Just walk by and watch. During the holidays, the fantastic floral animal displays inside are totally, absolutely awesome. Bring a camera or two and marvel at the handiwork. Someone really put all those together...too beautiful and cool. We were very impressed. If ever in Vegas around the holidays, the Bellagio is a must-see.
4	This place is absolutely BEAUTIFUL!  I always have to visit the Conservatory which is an indoor garden display that will knock your socks off!  This year the theme is Chinese New Year- Year of the Dragon!  Oh man, it was so gorgeous!
5	Classic. Love this placeJust driving by. Love this hotel... always think of andrea bocelli's song when i come here...
4	One of the biggest casino floors on the strip. Very nice, but also very busy. Always a good crowd going. Can't speak to the hotel, but there's good action to be had here if you want to gamble. And who doesn't love the fountain show?
4	This is by far one of the best hotels on the strip. Although a bit old, it is still one of the premier names. I love their villas and rooms as they are elegant and extravagant.  Also the food here is great, you have a 2 michelin star restaurant with Picasso (really good), and 1 with Le Cirque (which i will review later). They have a great night life. new clubs like hyde and the bank (older) but still good. And awesome baccarat tables (love gambling here). All in all it is a great experience and people love it. I love it especially during Chinese new years as themes change by season.I highly encourage everyone to check it out watch the shoes walk the halls Just good.
1	Too bad you can't have negative stars.  1 star is a huge compliment for these buffoons.I hit the Double green on Roulette and THEIR system crashes.  I complain to the staff and they show me the TINY sign on the machine that says "System Errors void all bets." What a bunch of JERKS.  Lost the money I bet and they didn't honor the win.  They could easily have rewound the cameras and seen that what I was claiming was true and yet all they did was give me an attitude& treated ME like I was the one who was wrong even though I had TWO eye witnesses sitting right next to me.WHAT JERKS!!!!!
5	Famous hotel of course, was a great stay, service was excellent and central on the strip.Pool was great, it's not the pool party type but more mature crowd so if you're looking to "people" watch you may be disappointed. Concierge was nice enough to give us a connecting room as we had booked 2 rooms, this made things a lot easier for co-ordinating and making sure everyone was whole, as people went missing along the way. Super tip: If you let the Bellagio Buffet know you are staying at the Bellagio and you're frequent visitor, etc, then they can either expedite your wait or schedule you to come back a little later. This however takes some guts as you must walk past all the people giving you dirty looks through the VIP line and speak to whoever is in charge and ask for the manager so you can plead your case. In my case I had 10 guys, and they were able to accommodate to come back in 1 hr and they will have our table waiting for us, no problem for us since we had rooms in the Bellagio and we gambled a bit. They get 5 stars for this service, probably saved me hours of wait. Taxi lineups are crazy though, also when you book online or whatever, you will be charged an extra 'hotel' surcharge for internet etc which is mandatory.In future however I will be trying out Aria, I believe they have specials going on now so it's quite cheap and the rooms are very modern, as opposed to Bellagio, they are the classic feel and somewhat dated.
5	Great shopping, great atmosphere, Simply one of the best hotels in Vegas.  Always great for people watching!
5	My husband and I don't go to Vegas to gamble. We go for the shows, food, and for the experience of staying in a themed hotel. This being said, this review is more about the hotel itself rather than the casino part of it. This stay was my husband's surprise to me for my birthday in May 2011. I was thrilled we were finally going to be able to stay here and it was everything I had hoped it would be. Starting off, check-in was great. A little bit of a wait, but the desk clerk was efficient and friendly once we got there. We didn't feel as if we were being processed thru a cattle call and as an ex hotel careerist, I was impressed with the process. The room was spacious, clean,very classy and yet cozy. I loved the colours - not garish, not over the top, sort of soothing greens, tans and golds, actually. (My picture doesn't do it justice, really) The first sight we saw as we entered the room was the view: Las Vegas Blvd with the Paris across the street. Directly in front: the fountains! YAY! There was a channel on the TV which piped the fountain music in so you could watch the show and hear the music that was playing all without leaving your room. The view is one of the best we've seen in Vegas. Yes, you saw some rooftops of the buildings lining the fountains below, but it was minimal. I love, love, loved this room!There is a varied collection of restaurants and shops in the complex. We did lunch one day at Olives. I had the Beef Carpaccio. (even tho' I had no idea what carpaccio was) LOVED it. And we enjoyed High Tea at the Petrossian Bar - what a lovely, relaxing experience! All in all, one of my favourite places in Vegas so far... possibly even better than the Venetian for me! Would love to go there again!
4	First time to stay at this hotel. We came for a convention.Simple and elegant is how I will describe the room (nothing over the top).The room is  nice and Good size.  The bathrooms are well appointed too.We had the view of the pool area and mountains.Since we came here for a convention, we have food served daily at our events (3 days). Having attended many conventions at different hotels,  I was a pleasantly  surprised, I was expecting "less than excellent" meals.... The food quality was good and tasty. Even the drip coffee ( I am a coffee drinker) was good!Service staff is always friendly and efficient. You really do get what you pay for.
4	Just returned from a two night stay at the Bellagio.  The good:* Beautiful ambiance in the common areas.* Fantastic central location.* Lovely shops to drool in.* Very delicious room service.* Excellent customer service from everyone we encountered.* Complimentary upgrade to a Fountain-view partial suite when we let her know it was our anniversary.* Lovely room with nice lighting and a very comfortable bed.* Big, beautiful glass shower and good sized bathroom.  Very important to us.* The light in the closet turns on when you open it.  Nice touch.* Beautiful pool area.  Comfortable chaises and huge towels.  They responded to the warm weather and at least opened part of the area, even though it was February.The surprisingly underwhelming:* Cheap and somewhat dirty fixtures in the bathroom.  * Underwhelming provided toiletries.* Low-quality towels and robes.  Not luxurious at all!  * Noisy.  I'm not sure if it was the specific position of my room but we got quite a bit of noise from other people's toilets flushing and the explosion of the water in the fountain show.  This is not something I typically notice or complain about so it was pretty bad.* $20/day resort fee for internet.  You can't tell me their cost for wifi isn't covered by the already high cost of the room.* Very limited television options.  Obviously, one doesn't come to Vegas to watch TV but when you're laying in bed, eating your delicious room service, you want more than a couple channels.  See above remark about the resort fee.  Isn't this the sort of thing that 20 additional dollars per room/per night could pay for?I'm torn about my experience here.  It is a lovely hotel and we were treated very well.  I suppose I expected all of the small details to be as luxurious as their reputation and the cost would suggest.  Many of the highlights of the Bellagio can be enjoyed without staying there.  I was not disappointed but unless we got a fantastic room rate, I think I would stay somewhere a bit less expensive and use my money in the Bellagio shops.  Prada, you're on notice...
5	This review is for the garden/common area and the casino floor.  They did an outstanding job in the garden area for chinese new years.  You could see how much time and effort they put in with the floral arrangements and it paid off (big crowd gawking and taking pictures)The casino floor has $1000 minimum blackjack tables and $100 craps tables.  I think the cheapest table I saw was $25 for blackjack.  It's probably meant to keep the riff-raff like myself away.
5	We received an offer for 2 free nights at the Bellagio.  Being our anniversary and Valentine's, we decided to take them up on their offer.  We've always loved the Bellagio, the grandeur, garden area, restaurants, let's not forget the fountains, mesmerizing, the over all good feeling we get. So, to stay there was a real treat for us.   From the moment we  checked in and checked out was perfect.  Customer service at the registration was so nice and eased us right into our beautiful room.  We were given a choice of the Spa tower for the other one closer to the fountains.  The lady checking us in recommended the spa tower because she said it was quieter and a complete NO SMOKING tower.  We chose the Spa tower.  Our room was very nice.  Amenities to the king size bed made the stay even nicer.  Bathroom was big as was the shower (glass).  We dined in Olives (excellent as always), The Prime (stunning and wonderful), the chocolate/pastry/crepe shop (can't remember the name of it), (delightful).  Sat at a few of the bars (great bartenders) So, we did spend our money at the property.  There is something for everyone.Also, I made a hair appt.  The lady that styled my hair and did a bit of a trim was a n excellent hair dresser besides being a lot of fun to talk to.  I told her I wanted to have my make up done but, was told by the front desk that there were no more appts. available. She made it happen.  Great guy did my make up, air brushed, mascara, and I walked out of the spa feeling very pretty!  Funny thing was I told my husband I had my make up air brushed.  Later that evening he says, "so are you going to you get spray painted again".  I laughed so hard...'no dear, spray paint is for cars, NOT MY FACE!!!" The only problem we saw was on the gambling end of it .  You don 't get points playing table games on your player card unless you bet a minimum of $25 per hand.  The minimum for the game I was playing was $10.  I certainly questioned that with the dealer and supervisor and the only response I got from them was "that's the way our system works".  To me it's a rip off!  I gamble, lose money at least give me points!  So, on that note, I stopped playing the table games.  Stayed with the machines, I want my points!This trip to Vegas (we make them 2-3 x's a year) was the best one over all so far!  Hope the Bellagio keeps sending us more comp offers on rooms ( hint, hint)   We had a wonderful time at the Bellagio!
2	Yeah, the Bellagio was just okay, I said it..  I think our main problem with the Bellagio was actually that it was exactly what we thought it would be; out dated grandure.  The rooms were clean and everything was nice.  It was just the sort of nice that would have been super nice 15 years ago.  Not out dated enough to be offensive, just noticeable.  For instance, what nice hotel still has a crt television.   I know they have to have 3000 rooms so the $100 per room upgrade certainly adds up.  We started out in a suite but it was next to the elevator and literally every elevator that went up or down made a loud wooosh in our room.  The next day we had to move because we couldn't sleep and the only option was to move from a suite with a king bed to a standard room with two doubles.  We also lost what seem like insignificant amenities like full sized shampoo bottles and a sea sponge but those things make a noticeable impact when they are in direct comparison.  The second main problem (and we have experienced this with a lot of the 5 star hotels on the strip) is breakfast.  When you are out there for business, twice a year, on your own dime no option for a quick morning coffee and muffin is a problem.  The fancy pants french place is close but the ordering process with the 30 ladies behind the counter expecting you to know your pastry order before you have been able to see the pastries and then waiting another 10 minutes after that to actually pick your muffin up is so excruciating it makes you want to give up your morning coffee and breakfast habit.If the Bellagio were anywhere else it would be the nicest place we've ever stayed but it just didn't feel up to new Vegas standards.  It doesn't come close to the Wynn, Vdara or Aria and even our rooms (especially after the demotion) in Planet Hollywood, Treasure Island, Paris and Mirage were way nicer.  Go to the Bellagio for a great casino experience and a splurge meal but stay elsewhere.
4	Very nice, but the waiting in line for all most everything ( check in, restaurants, will call) got old. Very busy and crowded.
4	The Bellagio is five stars all the way IF you intend to spend a substantial portion of your time in the resort and casino, AND IF you don't mind spending money or you are a moderately large gambler (you will get comps).  But only IF.  For a place to sleep, you have better or less expensive choices.  See what kind of deal you can get at Aria.The rooms are only four star by any standard.  Recent upgrades have addressed the TV and bathroom issues, but the building still is 15 years old.  You can get more opulent and modern rooms at Aria, for example.The common areas are five stars, led by the incomparable fountain display and the conservatory.  These are among top five attractions in Las Vegas.  Also note the Chihuly glass flower canopy in the lobby.  The buffet is the #1 buffet in Las Vegas, and the holiday dinner buffets are particularly fine.  Breakfast is a great value too (but not weekend brunch).  The rest of the dining establishments are good but not good enough for their cost.  A possible exception is Picasso, which, at $150-$200 a person, might still be considered worthwhile.Service is generally very good to excellent, although at busy times there is sometimes a wait to check in.  This seems to be true everywhere in Las Vegas.  When well trained employees are hassled, they tend to act hassled, although at least at Bellagio the smiles usually remain, if somewhat frozen.Here are a few tips:1.  Make sure you get a room in the main tower.  A good fountain view (from at least the 20th floor) may be your preference the first time you stay here, but it will be noisy.  You will hear the fountain shows every 15-30 minutes until midnight.  A pool view is quieter.2.  If you gamble, be sure to get a Player's Card and use it.  After a relatively modest amount of gambling in any year, you will get upgraded from the lowest (Sapphire) status and important percs become available -- such as line passes to the buffet and coffee shop.3.  Jean Phillipe's is a good place for breakfast and lunch, and the bakery desserts are worth the price.  Make sure you ask them to grill the Paninis.  Some of the packaged products are expensive even for the Bellagio.4.  Eat at the buffet or coffee shop (Picasso for a real splurge).5.  See "O".  Make you reservations way ahead of time.  It is that good.  I have seen virtually every show in Las Vegas, and "O" is #1.  [Here's an odd note -- of the many Cirque de Soleil shows in Las Vegas, the shorter the name, the better the show.  "O" is the best, followed closely by "Ka", etc.  Forget about "Zumanity".]
5	If I ever win it big at a casino I'd stay here. This place is so posh and fancy! I don't think I could afford anything here, but they've got some cool stuff. Must check out the water show. It's great during the day and at night. I like the music that they play. Free entertainment, check! Also you should go see the conservatory. They decorated it something different depending on the holiday or season. If you get the chance, you should check out the Cirque show "O".
5	I'm convinced that every other hotel in Vegas has "Bellagio Envy". I don't know if I'd ever consider staying anywhere else, OR not stopping through the Bellagio when I'm passing through Vegas. Such a great hub of activity, shopping, art, pastry, and relaxation.
5	By far the best hotel in Vegas as far as I'm concerned. They have the best food, best rooms which are suites by the way. Clean, Clean, Clean....That's a huge plus. It's a bit on the pricey side by hey your coming to vegas for a few days and it's was all well worth it. They have a nice water show outside. It's right off the strip and it's easy to go places but why would you when the bellagio has everything you need. They have nice Chineese themed garden. It's a awesome hotel.
5	They don't let kids in if they're not accompanied by adults. Definitely a place for business. The garden is always decorated nicely-- the last time I went, it was outfitted in the Chinese New Year dragon year theme. The cafe is speedy and has a nice selection of breakfast foods and the buffet is full stocked. The rooms are clean with the classic upscale hotel feel. Watched the "O" performance here in the theater and was very impressed-- minus the smell of chlorine the whole time.Pro tip: There are complementary chocolate-covered strawberries in the VIP lounge. For VIP guests only though ;D
5	One of the best on the strip. Classier than others. If you win it big -- I'd hope it was in the Bellagio. The decor is exciting and the Bellagio buffet is worth the money (and the wait in line). NOTE: I did not stay in a room here, but gambled, drank, and ate.
3	What? No flat screens in the room? The Gold Coast has flat screen TV's (and a quicker check-in).
4	4.5 stars for sure. I've been to Vegas about 5 times and stayed at a different hotel every time and the Bellagio has definitely been my favorite thus far. We didn't stay in a sweet or anything like that but our room was really nice and spacious with a big, comfortable bed.The bathroom was perhaps my favorite part. Everything in the room was nice including all of the surfaces. The bathroom was really nice and big, and featured a stand up shower and a tub. Out of all of the hotels I've stayed at, the biggest room, biggest and most comfortable bed, best location on the strip, and best bathroom hands down. Staying at a hotel with a good location on the strip is key if you don't want to shell out a lot of money on cab rides and the location doesn't get any better than the Bellagio (in between the Cosmo and Caesar's Palace and across from Paris). Definitely the best room I've stayed in and one of my most enjoyable trips to Vegas.
2	The hotel is undoubtedly beautiful. However, all the beautiful places can be accessed without being a guest. We had booked one of the suites facing the fountain (don'y remember the name) at the price of $200 The room wasn't as beautiful as it appeared in the website. it definitely is a beautiful hotel but its casino, restaurant and the garden, like all other hotels at Vegas are open to the non-guests. The only plus point was the fountain that we could see from our room. But we couldn't hear the music from our room :(. Also, since there is so much to see outside one's hotel rooms at Vegas that we did not spend a lot of time watching the fountain from the room. The staff did leave a tiny bouquet with a hand written note (we appreciate that) by the assistant manager (or somebody important) in our room with some chocolates on our anniversary day.The refrigerator in the room was stuffed with goodies...but you had to pay for them.Don't even think of removing anything from the refrigerator, they have sensors that bill you if you remove anything from it. When my husband went to confirm about the refrigerator that was supposed to be in the room (included in the room cost), he was told that one without the goodies could be provided at an extra charge of $50 per day. Overall, the stay was good but not worth the money spent. Save your money for some thing better.
2	This place visually is nice, as far as the attitude of staff and service don't expect too much unless you are the money mogul type. This place is ran by old school people that still lives in the 1930's. They try to pass off as if they are hardcore bad asses or something, especially on the craps tables.I am sorry to say but this place is stuck up, but hey, i guess it is to be expected that's life.
5	i LOVED my stay at the bellagio. I loved it even more that my company paid for it. My flight landed at like 8am something and check in wasn't until like way later in the afternoon.... but i arrived and asked the girl working at the front desk if there was anything she could do.i lucked out! she said i was the first person all morning to be nice to her and she gave me a BEAUTIFUL room. one of my co-workers was also staying at the bellagio and her room was no where near as nice as mine...like totally outdated and not as spacious. she was in the spa towers.  and yes, i definitely rubbed it in her face that my room was 40x better. My amazing room had a view of the pool, was super super clean, had all the amenities i could ever ask for, free and FAST wifi, was decorated super cute... it even had my favorite option: curtains controlled by a bedside button. don't you just love that!?! i totally need that in my house. i also had some business cards sent to the bellagio business center bc they weren't going to arrive to my office back home in time and they made that go very smoothly for me. they had the best pillows too. i called the morning of check out and was like 'do you sell your pillows and if not how much would you bill me if i stole one?' thankfully, they sell them and they are $30 for the king size. concierge will pick one up for you, too.i was actually kinda sad to leave. i loved getting ready there in the mornings bc the bathroom counters were super spacious so i could lay out all my stuff and the shower had almost instant hot water...i never got a chance to use the tub but one day i will. one day...
4	Luv tha room!!! Bed was comfy, bathroom was very clean and it was jus sooo lovely! =P The bathroom was nice and big. It had a  tub and a shower. I luv how the shower had a shower door! I hate it wen its a shower curtain - im jus picky like that! The only thing I didn't like about the hotel is the casino area. The smell of the smoke is extreme.... i seriously felt like i smoked 2 packs a day... i dont know wat it is about the bellagio and why it be smelln like that. Its like a waste of time to even take a shower kuz as soon as u hit the casino, u smell like a damn astray within a minute! A friend of mine said its like that because alot of chinese ppl stay and play at this casino because of the feng shui in there and alot of chinese ppl smoke heavy... and the time i went was during chinese new year, so that could be why it was smelln so super duper strong! So disgust!But anyways, i njoyed the room and the decor in the casino is so super duper purrrty!!!
4	I didn't stay at Bellagio which is why I cannot give a 5-star review (although, let's be serious .... it's the Bellagio, I'm sure the room is amazing).  We spent the majority of our time at the sports book, which let me tell you, if you're looking to have a few cocktails and bet on sports all day, GO TO THE BELLAGIO! They are the only sports book that will give you a drink for free and without spending like, over $100 on one bet.  We had gone to the Wynn on our last day and couldn't order a drink because we didn't have a drink coupon ... because we didn't place a large bet.  Definitely go to the Bellagio for sports betting.  Huge room, tons of seating and tons of TVs :)
5	Great Hotel. Love it
3	We stayed at Bellagio for the first time last Christmas.  My first feeling is that they're overcrowded with guests and patrons in the lobby and surrounding areas.  It took us a long time to check-in.  Our rooms were split-out to two different complexes even though we had asked to be near each other.  The room is not as clean compared with other hotels nearby.  The walk way to the elevator doesn't have a security check point either so it's not that safe.
5	I absolutely love this hotel and casino. It is my favorite hotel in the Las Vegas strip. The garden its always spectacular and I just went recently to see their new spring display and it blows my mind how astonishing our looks. :)., they even had a harp player playing in the garden and the Serenity of it was a nice touch. The fountain show its always a must see and I fall in love with it each time I see the show., its the reason why I love the Bellagio.I stay at the bellagio for one night and the room was very classy and trendy.  I wasnt a really big fan of their new decor but since we had a great view of the fountain show made everything worth while.  We ordered room service and the food was okay. The bed is absolutely soft and I just wanted to lay there the entire time! i love love love the jean philippe patisserie there they make the best crepe souffles ever.! I always order chocolate souffle with a scoop of Dulce de leche gelato and it is the best dessert I ever had.  And lastly, bank nightclub I always have a great time there. Overall, I love the bellagio it has such a timeless taste to it and everything is great about this hotel & casino.
5	Ok, so this is Vegas and if you have to experience the Bellagio at least once.  This hotel is huge and classic.  Definitely one of the finest in Vegas but if you're looking for an intimate experience, then this is not the place.  Bellagio is one of the most famous hotels on the strip so expect TONS of people going in and out of the casino/hotel constantly.  The rooms are quite nice and roomy depending on what you ask for.  Believe it or not, like any of the hotels in Vegas, you can stay here for quite cheap if you go at the right time:  weekday and during the off-seasons.  i went in November and was able to stay here for about 120 a night!  Watching the fountains is always a treats make sure you do that too at least once during your trip, especially at night (it's more dramatic).  of course you don't need to stay at the hotel to do that...just a suggestion.
3	A few aspects of the hotel are fantastic and a few were disappointing so that's why overall I give it an average score.The Good Things:We had a fountain view on the 23rd floor for $159 per night. I felt that was a good price for the view we had. The view was wonderful! We really enjoyed tuning into the TV station to watch the fountain and listen to the accompanying music. The room was nice but not over the top opulent like the Venetian. Housekeeping staff was very nice. I like getting chocolates at bedtime.Coconut gelato at the gelato shop on the way to the pool--FANTASTIC. Yes, it's $7.50 but it was actually worth it.Lots of shade around the pool. Plenty of chairs/loungers.The Bad Things:On Tuesday, Friday and Saturday nights the disco over at the Paris Casino is so loud it actually shook our windows and thumped in our room until 3:30 a.m. We complained at the front desk but the response was "there is nothing we can do about it." It is incredible that the city of Las Vegas allows that much noise. Really, this is a shame because the fountain/lake view is so nice.Front desk staff smiles but basically they do not really do anything special or try to accommodate. The other couple we traveled with thought they had booked a handicapped lake view room. Unfortunately, that didn't exist; all handicapped rooms look over the pool. She wanted to view both rooms to decide which to pick and it was almost impossible for the hotel to accommdate this.There's nothing cheap to eat there. We had lunch at a crepe shop and each savory crepe was about $13 and barely filled with anything. We ended up eating at other casinos. Actually, right across the street at Paris is a fantastic bistro with outside seating.Way too much smoke in the casino and lobby area. Lobby & casino too crowded--you are always bumping into people.Overall:To me the conservatory isn't that special but I know it's a big attraction for most. The hotel lobby is jam packed, the casino is jam packed...it's just so crowded.I would only stay here again with a lake view and I would make sure it's not during the disco days at the Paris.
5	The Bellagio is perfect in every way for a trip to Las Vegas!....
5	Stunningly beautiful, you have to check out the Chiluly ceiling!
4	So beautiful! From the stained glass to the gardens.
5	What can I say, I love the water show. It never gets old. It's nice from a hotel room or on a balcony lake front.Also, the choices of dining is great, the high-end shopping is unbeatable, and it's centrally located on the strip.
4	It 1:02 am and I can't sleep because of the night club Chateau ACROSS the street!!! How annoying! I'm staying at one of the nicest hotels in Las Vegas and I can't sleep because of the night club across the street. I'm so annoyed right now. I've called the bellagio, Paris hotel and the Las Vegas police department to complain about the noise. It's rediculious that I know exactually what song is playing at a night club across the street from my hotel. Not to mention its Tuesday. I know I sound like an old fat but if I want to sleep in peace and quite I should be able to.
3	I feel because the Bellagio has almost one thousand reviews on yelp I don't want to bore you with a long novel about my experience here so I will give you the cliff notes version.The Good:-Fully stocked min bar with snacks in room, all can be yours for a price.-Helpful staff who are composed even during the busy times.-High End Shopping, if your into it.-Restaurants and buffet are located in the hotel.-Spa service-Pool-Large Gaming area-Plenty of Parking-In Hotel Garden-Good size bed-Large Shower-Amazing hair dryer in bathroom-Quick Room Service-Amazing view of there world famous water show!The Bad:-The Bellagio is kind of a maze and when it gets busy its hard to walk through crowds of people.-No Starbucks located inside hotel.-Small bath tub.-Noisy hallways, you can hear whats going on outside of your room.-If there is a party going on in a neighboring hotel, you can hear the noise even if its across the street. -You have to walk a far distance from your hotel room back to your car (if you rented one)-Everything is pricy.
5	I really enjoyed myself at the M, but my mother did not care for their lack of a coffee shop or any really great restaurants.  For her birthday she chose the Bellagio (we never ate in the coffee shop), every single restaurant we ate at was very good to outstanding.  I have never been in a Las Vegas resort where every restaurant was so good. It made us want to stay forever!  I really resent their resort fee, but the restaurants made up for it.  Foodies could die happily here. We ate at:  Jasmine-very good, Buffet-very good, Noodles-excellent, Olives-excellent, Picasso-outstanding! Good thing I am using Sensa, or I would have eaten myself into a huge mess! We went in March and they had a gorgeous Spring scene-great pictures to remind us.
5	I have been here probably around 8 years ago.  They have since updated their guest rooms it seems and the room rates are half what they used to be.  Back in those days, I remember paying around $300 for a room.  I was tempted to stay at the newer hotels but wanted to stay here for the pools and it was just as I remembered, grandiose and breathtaking every step of the way.The staff at check in was super courteous and welcoming.  The rooms were clean everywhere and smelled how it should, like nothing (I can't stand rooms that have stinky fresheners or smelly fruit like scent).  Going downstairs and having the amazing conservatory as part of your hotel was fun.It's still one of the nicest hotels on the strip.
4	The Bellagio is one of the nicest hotels on the strip, but it'll appeal to an entirely different crowd than some of it's peers in the "upscale" hotel ranks. It's got a more more grown-up feeling than some of it's contemporaries and probably appeal more to business goer's than people looking to go clubbing.  Whether you are staying at the Bellagio or not, there are plenty of reasons to wander past the famous fountains and see what's inside. Restaurants, bars, a Cirque show (O) and my favorite; the seasonal gardens.  The themed gardens are admittedly my favorite part; right now they are made to look like tulip season in Holland, complete with windmills, canals and gorgeous flowers. During Christmas time they have the most amazing decorations; every few months they change it up a little and it never fails to impress.
5	I love the Bellagio.. it sucks they don't have minimum bidding.. but either way Steve did a fantastic job on creating a journey of beautiful italian architecture and real style to his casino.. a must visit or stay at when in Vegas!!!
2	I stayed here once before and remembered liking it.  Wishing on this trip we'd tried something else.  While staying at the Bellagio sounds like a great thing... it isn't.  Sure, the lobby is beautiful and the garden is pretty... but you aren't staying in the lobby or the garden.  The rooms are just ok.  Bathrooms are pretty awesome.  Beds SUCK!  i hardly slept the whole trip because the bed was so uncomfortable... made my back hurt.  And what high-end hotel doesn't have down comforters?!?! are you kidding me?!?! ugh.  Service was ok, but not great.  We asked about late checkout and were told we'd have to call the day we were leaving to request it.  So we did.  "we don't do late checkout." what?  you have to pay a half day charge and then you can stay until 6.  we were unimpressed enough with the room that when it was time to eat and gamble, we went elsewhere... i just wanted to get out of there.non-smoking floors are not enforced at all as far as we could tell.  service was pretty good.  the air was really bothering me, to a point my sinuses were hurting.  we called and asked about a humidifier, which they gladly brought up.  that was nice.overall - we won't be back.
4	I loved this hotel our room was so beautiful, clean, and comfortable. Yes pricey but hey you want the best you have to pay for the best. Even room service was prompt delightful. We came back to our room late n hungry ordered a cheeseburger OMG I was shock how good it was, and we realize is the same amount at a regular restaurant so we enjoyed our food and the stay at the Bellagio. The manager even sent us a box of chocolate for our anniversary: I will not be returning any time soon only because I want to experience the other hotels next time am in Vegas.
2	The worst 5 stars hotel I've ever stayed at! The only hotel I know where you can have a FREE DOWNGRADE... no, I'm not kidding. I went with my husband for a romantic weekend so we booked, as usually, a king-size room. The hotel was overbooked so they gave us a similar size room (with two small beds) that was connected to another room by the internal door. We were able to here every single word... Do they think that the similar size of the room means similar quality? Quality means meeting expectations of customers - they gave us something far below my expectations. We arrived to Las Vegas after the midnight and spent long time waiting in the line to check-in so we were unable to go to another hotel... and we paid in advance. But it doesn't excuse the hotel. They told us we could try to change our room the next day morning. We did and they gave us what we booked... but in a good hotel I would expect a gratification....not here.Restaurants, shops, pools, room service - everything was fine, but you don't care when something like that happens at the beginning.To summarize: best hotels are those that can deal with issues.... Bellagio is below the average.
5	What can I say about the Bellagio except for the fact that it's the best / my favorite hotel in Vegas? Yeah it's expensive, but the quality of the rooms and service you get are worth the price. Everything about this hotel is gorgeous, from the stupid fountain show to the casino, and the whole place has the aroma of fresh flowers.  The pool is also great.  The location can't be beat either.  I could go on and on about this hotel, but if you can afford it, seriously stay here over stupid Caesars.
5	We stayed here with our 13yo during his spring break, last week.  The hotel is beautiful but very crowded.  I really liked our room which over looked the fountains.  They are amazing and especially at night, worth the extra amount we spent to get that view.  The bed was very comfortable.  We ate at the buffet for 2 breakfasts and one late lunch/dinner.  It was very good and the staff was friendly and efficient.  I personally didn't care for Vegas but not because of the hotel.  Not impressed with the pool(s) or the paid wi-fi.  I complained, nicely about it, couldn't download a thing or get email (!) and they refunded 2 days out 3, which was unexpected but very much appreciated.  They also let me use their computer to check-in for our flight and print boarding passes for free.  It is in the center of the Strip and the airport is only 10-15 minutes away, so use a cab and not one of those shuttles.  The cab was about 1/2 price in comparison.  We did use the monorail and the 2-day bus pass, which were both good but the bus is probably a better deal in the long run.
4	I'm going to give Bellagio 4 stars because the place really is pretty impressive.  The restaurants are mostly top-notch, the rooms are nice (some much nicer than others), the hotel employees are helpful and polite, and having a cabana at the pool can be quite relaxing.  I just wish that this place had a dress code that is a little bit more strict.  A tank top, shorts and flip flops might be great for Motel 6, but Bellagio?  Seriously, people.  Have a little class.
4	Lots of upsides to this place.  It's classy, that's always nice.  Really beautiful architecture and decoration inside that just looks darn good (minus the hollister-esque lounge near the lobby).  The conservatory with all of the flowers was nice (and a bit weird, especially with the sculptures) and a refreshing splash of natural color after being out on the strip where the most colorful thing is a bigscreen tv advertising some show.  There are a ton of restaurants that tend to be more hit than miss.  The fancier you go, the better a hit it'll be.  The top tier restaurants are impressive with Michelin stars and diamonds and master sommeliers (and the entire casino's wine list was something like 5,000 different wines and 50,000 individual bottles or something absurd).  The little bars and lounges scattered throughout the casino floor are generally nice.  I got one stiff bartender who looked like he wanted to spit in my mojito, but then again that was at about 2 AM and maybe he had a long night?  Being pointed to and asked "drink?" isn't what I picture when I think of the Bellagio, yet here we are.  Actually, I had a second waitress at a lounge with a similar attitude....hm.... Oh well, the lounges and bars at least looked nice.  I liked the jazz music coming from one of the lounges, and a grand piano player from another one.Three downsides in my opinion.  First is the price of things.  I understand that the Bellagio is a bit fancier than most of the other casinos, and I understand that it's Vegas, but I just can't stifle the rising feel of getting screwed when I'm paying $20 - $30 for a drink while surrounded by trashy girls in too tight and too short dresses, slurring and screeching and stumbling across the floor with heels in hand, followed by some over-sized oompa loompas wearing Tapout hipster shirts and talking about who has the bigger gold chain or which girls they're going to piledrive when they get to the room.  Second is the atmosphere.  I'm probably being too elitist, but it seems like the Bellagio's image is shying away from being something classy and headed towards the place to be if you're a douchebag pretending to have class.  Yea, I saw a lot of fancy people there, but after about 5 PM the entire place looks like the outside of a club for the remainder of the night.  Maybe the older people go to some fancy members only club at night, who knows.  Third was the layout, it was confusing.  Tried to find some restaurant by going down what I thought was a hallway I had visited the night before only to find that it just looked similar, and this one actually led to the convention center, and I was lost.Oh, and the rooms!  Okay, we had a bit of an upgrade with a suite in the slightly-more-exclusive spa tower.  Amazing, ridiculous room.  If all hotels put this much effort into their lower-tier suits, they would get a lot more upgrades.  The room had automatic drapes, 3 bathrooms, 4 TVs, a super comfy bed, a shower with steamer AND a big tub.  There was a view of the fountain so we could see the show every time it went on, which was pretty fantastic.  It wasn't very modern but it wasn't trying to be.  Also, I found some of the wall paper stuff was coming off in the corner that is *mostly* hidden by a chair.  Really?  It was the size of two of my palms.  Fix yo walls. Service was excellent.  The staff were hit or miss.  The spa tower greeters were the best people I came in contact with; they were always super helpful and super nice.  The restaurant waitresses were average, most seemed like they would rather be somewhere else, even if they were able to put on a nice smile.  A large portion of the casino floor bartenders and lounge waitresses, as I'm coming to realize from writing this review, sucked.  They tended to scowl instead of smile, complete with attitude.  Room service is pretty damn slow at night, taking at least an hour at 2-3 AM, which wasn't the best realization.  You'd figure that a higher tier casino would have enough staff in Vegas of all places to keep the orders going, but I guess not.  Overall, my first impressions were better than my final assessment but the casino IS pretty great.  Next time I visit, I'll probably try to make more use of the day and use the night for more sleeping, since it sounds like the better experience is when everyone is chipper and all of the morons are sleeping.  There are lots of casinos that I still want to try, but the Bellagio is on my list of ones to come back to.
4	Great hotel in a great location in the middle of the action.  Ask, and ye shall receive.  Came here for a bacelorette party with the girls, and they gave us adjoining rooms at no extra charge when we asked.  Also, they gave us extra towels.  We showed up at the pool (very nice, buy the way) the first afternoon, and there were no spaces left to accommodate 7 of us.  We asked a pool attendant, and he ran to get us 7 lounge chairs and set up a spot for us.  Nice!  The place is beautiful, and the rooms were nice and big.  There is even a vanity outside the bathroom with an outlet which makes it so much easier for girls to get ready at the same time.  Why don't more hotels have this????  It's a little pricier than some other hotels in Vegas, but it was worth going at least once.
4	This is an elegant property on The Strip featuring FREE parking (sometimes as locals, we take this for granted until we go out of town...). My two favorite things here are the free Fountains show choreographed to different types of music and themes- Pink Panther, Andrea Bocelli, Frank Sinatra (show times below) and the also free, Conservatory & Botanical Gardens- we came here to take pictures after our wedding (it's such a fun memory and we've got the pictures to prove it). It's an amazing display of the beauty of flowers, done in several scenes- there is an ample amount of photo spots here. The floral smells are amazing, as well. There is a small bridge with a water feature. It's crowded here, so be warned.   SHOW TIMES:Monday - Friday3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.show every 15 minutesSaturdays, Sundays* and Holidays12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.show every 15 minutesThe decor is Italian/European styling- the architectural details are all over. Also notable, is the Fiori Di Como, a glass sculpture on the ceiling, composed of 2000 hand-blown blooms in bright vibrant colors, blue, red, yellow, green, etc. There is always fresh flowers in the lobby. For hotel guests, the amenities include: spa/salon, fitness room, pool. Shopping here are strictly high-end labels such as Bottega Venetta, Omega, Chanel, Dior, Fendi, Tiffany, Giorgio Armani, Gucci, Hermes, Louis Vuitton, and Prada. (Ok, not really practical for the average person on a budget.) The resident show is "O" by Cirque Du Soleil- ticket prices are $155/$130/$109/$98.50 (limited views)- wednesdays through sundays, 7:30 pm and 10 pm. And finally, the Gallery of Fine Art, open from 10 am to 8 pm (last entry is at 7:30 pm), $15 for visitors, $12 for those with NV ID. Special Locals Promotion on wednesdays from 5 pm to 7:30 pm only: $8 entry with NV ID. (If you're entering from outside, not the parking lot, there is a small concession stand, if you're thirsty or if you want a light snack.)I bet that if you are a local, you've been here at least once before, because there are free attractions (there are a few that are worth going to) here and your out-of-town family members wanted to come and see it. It's a pretty casino/hotel on The Strip with free parking, so what have you got to lose?
5	The Bellagio has this machine that lets you bet on fake dog races.  Its okay if you need a few minutes to fully process it, I did.Okay let me explain, you insert money into a machine that has four stations, then you are given odds for each virtual dog (who has a name and fake little bio) and are asked to place bets on this fictitious race that is about to take place on a large screen in front of you.  HOW F'N AWESOME IS THAT?  I'm serious, that was the most exciting game I've played in Vegas EVER!  And I've played War.  We got so into these fake races we were drawing the attention of strangers around us.  I didn't see this game at any other casinos, so if they have it, paint a neon path guiding you to it and put a half-naked chick next to it so people will find it.Rest of Bellagio: very elegant, nice, classy, blah, blah, blah VIRTUAL DOG RACING!!!!!!
4	My wife and I stayed at the Bellagio this past week (4/22-4/26/12) for our wedding/honeymoon week. Waiting to check-in was a little slow - I'm not sure if that was the staff or the guests in front of us being slow - when it got to our turn, it took about 4 minutes total to check in. The room was quite large and very comfortable. The shower in the bathroom had very high water pressure and plenty of warm water. Pretty much my only complaint about the Bellagio was that the fridge is ONLY a mini-bar; meaning you can't bring home leftovers from one of the delicious restaurants in Vegas and put them in the fridge. There is only room for the alcohol, mixers and candy/granola bars. But other than that, I really can't complain about anything at Bellagio - the staff was friendly and attentive; you can get just about anything you need at anytime within the hotel. And no, I won't be one of those people who complain about the prices in Vegas - it's VEGAS (and it's the Bellagio); what do you expect? If you don't want to spend a ton of money, go over to the Imperial Palace, Bill's Gambling Hall and Saloon or O'Shea's.
4	Second time stayed here. I really like it. Love sitting right outside the pool and enjoying the sun. Also they have Jean Phileppe in the hotel, which I love! Plus, the internet is complimentary not like other hotels. :)
5	Sigh. I miss here. I miss the bed. I miss seeing Chanel from the bedroom window. I miss the fountains. Those clever dancing fountains. We watched them for hours, listening to the music through the tv. The pink panther one was so cool! And the last one of our 3 day stay was the US national anthem. Perfect ending. So very glad we stayed here on the last leg of our honeymoon. Easiest the best hotel have ever stayed in. Room was divine. Overlooking the fountains. With electric curtains. A marble bathtub. Biggest shower I have ever seen. Softest, comfiest bed ever. And lots of little goodies like mouthwash. sewing kits, chocs on pillows etc. The Conservatory is breathtaking. Had to hold back tears as walked around all the fresh flowers and general beauty of it all. See it both at night and in the day.Swimming pools and our door area is outstanding. So Italian and classy. Loved and adored. Noodle restaurant is great and well priced. Didn't try buffet as line looked way to long at all times but heard good things. Hotel is obviously busy as everyone wants to see it. Just go with the crowds, don't let them put you off staying here. Loved the via shopping centre too. Sigh.
5	beautiful hotel, prime location, nice pools and amenities, great nightlife and restaurant options, and awesome casino.no complaints here -- can't wait to come back!the fountain show is beautiful!
5	A long over due review and I actually feel guilty about it since the hotel was perfect.  A while back my friends and I decided it was time for a much needed girls only vacation.  After doing some research, I came across a deal for a stay at the Bellagio and airfare that was too good to pass up.  Within 2 days we had decided to take a trip and made the reservations.  When we arrived, we were immediately greeted by a someone who took our bags and we walked up to front desk.  The glass blown flowers are so beautiful and can't be described by words or even by pictures (its the background on my phone).  The flower "garden" too.  So amazing.  We got to watch them replacing some of the flowers and got to have a few roses.  Anyway, back to the topic at hand.  Check in went as smooth as possible.  We were given a room with a great view of the mountains.  They even apologized for not having a room that faced the strip.  We all thought the mountain view was much better anyway.  The room was nothing short of gorgeous.  We walked in to marble floors and a very large hotel room.  To our left was  one of the nicest bathrooms I have even seen.  A huge bath tub, large stand up shower and a generously sized counter top.  (only problem, glass shower and no separate sink or toilet does make it a little different for 3 girls to share a hotel room and get primped for a night on the town)  The beds were soft and cozy.  The room pretty much catered to your every need.  There were even buttons on the wall to open and close the shades.  After we settled into the room and played with all the gadgets, we went to investigate.  We wandered the hotel and discovered the gelato shop (a theme in a few of my other reviews) and many of the other places in the hotel.  All amazing and beautiful.  The next day we stayed by the pool, all day.  We went made our way through the conservatory and to the pool.  We got a prime seat by one of the many pools to choose from.  They had free ice water with lemon but we were on vacation and wanted some booze.  The prices were NOT cheap but the amount of booze made it worth every penny.  The drink I loved was something with monkey in the title.  Basically a lot of booze, ice cream, banana, and coconut.  What really sealed my deal with the hotel was the exceptional customer service.  After our night at the pool, we were ready for a night out.  We had passes the Bank, the club in the Bellagio.  We were told to present them at the front of the line and we get in ahead of everyone and get comp. booze.  When we got to the entrance, there was no organization.  No line, just a mob of people.  I asked someone who worked at the club what we do and he was so rude and quick to brush us off.  We decided to go to margaritaville and had a great time.  The next day we went to the concierge after a day at bootleg canyon.  We explained the situation and, let me tell you, they jumped on that like flies on ......  It was explained that they don't OWN the club but also made it clear that they were, in no way, trying to distance themselves from the issue.  They said something like "We have a give and take with the club.  They rent from us and we will promote the club.  However, if they don't treat our guests with respect, we don't have to give them the business."  Well put!  They went out of their way to make sure we had a good night.  Even before I got back to the room, they had called to let us know what was going to happen that night.  They had contacted Pure nightclub (we had indicated that was where were going that night) and provided us with the number of manager and told us where to go to make sure we were taken care of.  That meant no cover and free booze all night long.  Now that is service!  Top it off, an unexpected visit from room service at 9pm with chocolate covered strawberries in a bowl made of white chocolate.  Amazing touch.I know this review has gotten a little long and I am trying to not go into every detail of my trip.  I just want to try to put into words how much we enjoyed our stay at the bellagio.  The stores, the restaurants the pool, the flowers, everything.  This hotel made the trip as amazing as it was.
3	Ugh, what a disappointment.The hotel is not old enough to be as outdated as it is.  I'd rather stay at the Wynn or Encore any day.  We went there this weekend, and here's the breakdown.PROS:The fountains - probably one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen in my life.The beds were nice and soft.That's it.CONS:Rooms: The a/c is loud.  too loud.  And I can hear people, the walls are too thing.Forget it, I changed my mind, I'm not gonna make a list.  Who says I have to?  Just because I'm yelp elite? Oh Contraaree, I can do what I want because I'm yelp elite.  Here it goes. If I'm gonna pay a lot of money to stay at a luxury hotel room in Vegas, I expect for it to have better amenities than what I have in my apartment back home.  The bathtub was this ghetto looking small stupid thing.  The shower gel, shampoo, soap and lotion were stupid.  They smelled like olive oil and had no lather whatsoever.  We sat at the casino for a few hours, asked for a server about... um... 7 times... and nobody came.  Good thing my husband's a professional complainer so he let em have it for that one.  (lol he asked the supervisor, "hey, how's your coffee?  You enjoying it?  I'm still waiting for one... yours looks great".  "I haven't had service since 10pm last night").ok im going back to making a list.service:  Hi, can I request a late checkout?  We were up till 4am gambling money at your casino.  "We can extend your checkout to 11:30". ... uh, what's the regular checkout?  "11".  Really?  half an hour huh?  Or else they charge you for half a day.  That's not cool.The Buffet:  Sucks, I'd rather eat at hometown buffet.  It's old and the food's mediocre.  I can't complain about the food too much, but there was nothing amazing either.  Which is why it shouldn't cost $500 for a party of 8.
4	This hotel is pretty glamorous. I am not a fan of Las Vegas, not the typical fan. I only need two days to tire of the lights and noise and lack of windows. And every hotel is like a maze; sure, they have signs to somewhat guide you through the hotels, and arrows on some carpet areas, but still. They make these hotel exits difficult in hopes to trap your drunken state into sitting down and gambling away more dollars. It works.I did not gamble away my money, all the $5 roulette tables were occupado when I was trying to gamble, shucks. Anywho, THE BELLAGIO.They seemed efficient enough at the front desk. They messed up someone else's room in my party, but he ended up getting upgraded to the honeymoon sweet, which was SICK. Our room was just normal, but the beds were insanely melt-on-your-back comfortable. The atrium smelled of roses and geraniums, plenty of shops and cafe's, and the buffet had more meat than a vegetarian can handle. Last but not least? The pools. Excellent set-up. Vegas is too crowded for my typical vacation style, but for a weekend get-away, this hotel is awesome and smack in the middle of the strip! The rooms were nice and cool too, the A.C. caps at 62 degrees, but that's cold enough for me.
5	Beautiful hotel. The dancing waters....enough said. Breathtaking
2	Only place I have gambled at in 10 years, so this last year I stayed there twice. One time just got a deluxe room, the next I got a Penthouse suite with an attached room.  Both times were terrible, the second time we couldnt get into our room until 2 plus hours after check in time, and the promised attached room was on the other end of hotel. The Wynn will be getting my business now.
5	I rate The Bellagio hotel and casino 5 of 5 stars. As a frequent visitor to the Las Vegas Strip, I am also a frequent visitor to the Bellagio and have stayed in the hotel several times. There is so much to see and do in the Bellagio that you'll unlikely leave the hotel during your stay. The hotel has beautiful and modern (recently redecorated) rooms with comfy bedding and a view of the strip. In front of the hotel is the world famous Bellagio Fountains with water fountains dancing to the music. My best tip is to get a room in the original tower which faces the fountains. You listen to the synchronized music on your TV while watching the fountains thru your windows; Wow! The Buffet at Bellagio is simply the best buffet on the entire strip! Fun Casino and high-end shopping are an elevator ride away from your room. Bellagio hosts "O" which is my favorite show from Cirque du Soleil. The highlight of the Bellagio is the Botanical Gardens which present seasonal arrangements. Regardless of where I may be staying in Las Vegas, I will everything make a trip to Bellagio to see the gardens.With the opening of City Center just aside from Bellagio, there is now a free tram which shuttles between Monte Carlo, Aria (my favorite hotel on the strip), Crystals Shopping Center, Vdara hotel and Bellagio. There is more to do and see in this small region of the strip that your vacation will have time to complete.
4	4 of us stayed at the Bellagio for part of this Memorial Day weekend (Fri and Sat night).  The hotel and it's property is HUMONGOUS and though the front desk is a bit of a mess (you are just supposed to pick a line and hope it moves swiftly) there is plenty to look at while you are waiting.  I am a bit of a high-end person so I had rented a one bedroom suite with a double queen attached; we ended up in the Spa Tower on the 28th floor facing the fountains.  The suite was gorgeous and I loved the his-and-hers bathrooms.  I did NOT love the noise caused by the Paris Hotel across the Strip.  They are incredible assholes who have NO REGARD for the general public and our children.  The Bellagio staff did everything they could to help me out and managed to move me to a penthouse on the same floor for Saturday night to try and alleviate the problem I had with the immense amount of noise Paris blasted from 11 p.m. until 5 a.m. keeping me up all that time on Friday night.  The penthouse, unfortunately, still had too much exposure to the Strip and ended up not helping me with the sleeping but I was incredibly comfortable while I was awake all night on Saturday.  I can not recommend enough the Bellagio, even after my horrible time with that nightclub at Paris.  I understand all of the hotels surrounding Paris are working with the city of Las Vegas to rid the problem that is the volume that nightclub thinks is acceptable as far as music goes so I wish them all the best with it.  Meanwhile, if you decide to stay at the Bellagio, and I hope you do, I suggest you request a city view as opposed to the lake view room- unless you sleep like a rock under any condition.  I mean, even ear plugs didn't block that music.
5	Classy and elegant hotel. The Bellagio is always top-notch. Not the trendiest but always the best service and great service.
5	After countless trips to Las Vegas and staying from one end of the strip to the other, I managed to stay at the Bellagio for a well-deserved mini vacation with my friends.  It's been roughly 6 years since I last stayed at the Bellagio, and even on the countless past trips, I always find the Bellagio as a landmark of the strip--the water show at night, the intricate architecture, and the amenities that the resort offers--shopping/gaming.  My friends and I had long planned for this fun mini-vacation.  It all started out on a Friday afternoon, departing Los Angeles traffic at around 14:00, and somehow managing to arrive at the Bellagio's valet driveway by 19:15, including a  1/2 break in Barstow.  Upon arrival, I was in complete bliss--a friendly and warm welcome as the valet attendant opened up my car, and had the cart ready, to be brought up to the room.  Check in couldn't have been any smoother--again, a warm welcome and no problems.  After getting the keys, we headed up to the room.  Well, while I find that security is top notch, with a ground staff making sure that you are a guest of the hotel, heading up to the elevators, I found that the distance from the front desk to the elevators were quite far, but then again, it's like that at every other Vegas hotel. Upon arriving to the room, my friends and I were in awe.  We've stayed at high end hotels--don't get me wrong--Venetian, Palazzo, Caesars, PH, you name it, but there's something about the Bellagio that makes you not want to leave the rooms.  The size of the rooms feels a little bigger than some of the other properties, and the bathrooms were gorgeous--oversized with dual vanities, nice large shower--something that you just won't find in a typical Vegas room.  The beds were comfortable, and TV/Mini bar area was quite nice.  We also requested for a mini-fridge (to store beer/booze) and best of all, they threw it in for free!  Most importantly, the room was in perfect condition and super clean--not like my experience at the Luxor--a complete dump!  The casino is super awesome there--plus I won big which definitely helped.  The location is the main reason why I chose to stay here--walking distance to both north and south ends of the strip.  There is absolutely no reason to use a car, with the exception of driving up to the outlets.  I am the type of traveler that cannot go without a day of exercising--and even though the $25 resort fee is a little steep, it's worth it.  Trust me.  The Bellagio gym is a state of the art gym--you'll find the machines that you'll typically use at your local gym--and not just a few, but there's rows of tread mills--and yoga classes, and much, much more.  Take my word--if you ever stay here, hit the gym!!Even though the hotel rates are slightly higher than some of the others, it's worth every penny, and you will not regret it for sure.  You will want to return, as I will be very soon-rooms booked.  It's the hotel that you wouldn't mind living in one--cleanliness, and service at its finest. My overall grade:    A+
5	I love Vegas and love the Bellagio. Best location on the strip, nicest casino (imo), and great service. We checked in at 5.30am and were given the room as booked, with an amazing view (lake view room 28th floor). Well equipped room and large bathroom with separate tub and shower, and the wifi in the guest rooms is fast and connects automatically without going through login each time. Parking garage very near check in and easy access in the morning to bagels at fruit at the cafes. Could really use a Starbucks inside somewhere though! 1000% recommended!
4	I stayed here, so none of that 'posing' where I rate this place cause I was gambling or something.Check-in was a breeze.They have these glass things bolted to the roof. Each could easily be like 20-50 lbs a piece.They have security at the elevators 24/7 which leaves creepy wanderers out which is nice. Some peeps I knew were in the other tower and even though I flashed my card, they never let me go up by myself, which kinda sucks.The atrium/garden is definitely worth checking out. They always change the place according to the seasons and is a nice reminder that Vegas is NOT just about sex, drugs, and alcohol.The chocolate fountain is so amazing and draws a crowd, you just wanna end up taking a chocolate bath or something.Their pool area is pretty chill and laid back. Definitely a family/adult feel to it. It was Memorial Day weekend and there weren't any pool parties, just folks lounging around.It's really well maintained and there's always staff cleaning various areas.The fountain outside also makes it feel cool to stay here, knowing that people are gathering outside just to check out a water explosion. :POh, and free Wi-Fi? Hells to the yeah!!!
5	This past Memorial Day Weekend 2012 was my first time staying in Bellagio.The place is definitely first class. I loved it! We came in Thursday night and ordered room service. My husband had the Ribeye on the menu and he loved it; I had the Filet Mignon and it melts in your mouth! AMAZING FOOD!!! MMMM!!!! :) The room was comfortable and spotless. The bathroom is also great we loved the whole suite. The only bad experience was with the Spa at Bellagio, but I that is a different review. I do not want to spoil my experience on the hotel itself. I can't wait to stay here again!
4	This was my second stay with Bellagio. The service is great, the facility beautiful and the location perfect. They need to add new songs to the fountain show... The classics are nice, but it gets old. They also need more $10 min bet tables on a holiday weekend. We left the area twice for this reason.But every time we came back, we were thankful to be staying at the classiest establishment on the strip.
4	This is a beautiful hotel and well worth visiting!.  I've never stayed here but one who likes to see the insides of the Vegas hotels, this is one not to miss!  It's just done with class and worth walking around.  Make sure to see the fountain show!!
4	While there are newer, hipper, cooler hotels to go to the Bellagio is still my go to choice when in Vegas.  There are various reasons that lead me to that decision including the classic decor, the stunning glass sculpture in the lobby, the serene pool area, the sports book, upgrades when available, the fountains, the shops, Olives, the location and convenience of getting out and about to other great spots and on a personal note it is where we stayed when we got married.I actually almost missed my wedding because I fell out of my pedicure chair at their salon and fell right on my ass but they helped me up, made sure my manicure and pedicure made it through the ordeal and off I went.  We received an upgrade for our next trip over my embarrassing act of incoordination which wound up garnering us a higher floor basic room - not a great upgrade but I appreciated it all the same.  On a previous trip we had been upgraded to a gorgeous corner suite simply because we checked in late and that was all they had left.  I work in the hotel industry so I understand completely that based on availability actually means exactly that.  It is unfortunate that so many people get upset when they cannot get a late checkout or early check in and think that the hotel is giving them a hard time or is being inflexible.  Those same people would be upset if their room was not ready at check-in time.I knocked off one star for the je ne sais quoi want to seem wealthy feel that oozes from the guests here.  They have some great deals on their room rates so not everyone there is as uberwealty as they purport to be.Day 3 - "June Challenge: A-B-C!"
5	I stayed here with 3 of my girlfriends back in November. The location is great because it's truly at the center of the strip plus it's close to some of the other great hotels (Caesar's, The Cosmopolitan, Planet Hollywood, etc). Our room was amazing. It was spacious and the bathroom was spectacular! However, the casino was very smoky. I understand though... but the smoking is such a turn off for any nice hotel! It was kind of annoying as we would go to the guest elevators, there would be an attendant checking for our room keys. At the time I didn't really understand why. Security reasons?
5	If you want to spend some money for an amazing hotel in Vegas.....stay at the BELLAGIO!! It's my favorite hotel on the strip and so central to everything.  Every time I walk in to that hotel/casino I feel good! It has this amazing and crisp smell to it that some of the casinos are lacking.  Rooms are beautiful and the restaurant/bar selections are fantastic.  Their pool is lacking some fun compared to some of the other hotels on the strip but it's elegance makes up for it! I love the Bellagio water show at night and the best Cirque de Soliel show "O" is at their hotel!
2	This is an overrated hotel. Is the fountain pretty? Yes. Is the observatory lovely? Yes. Is the Chihuly glass ceiling in the lobby worth a look? Yes. Other than that, I can think of no other reason to be here. Five minutes in this hotel and my sinuses are stuffed and my eyes are dried out. I can literally feel the cigarette stink sink into my skin and clothing. It's like walking into a gas chamber.You'd think for a supposedly upscale hotel, they'd have enough air venting systems in place to combat the throngs of visitors that come through. Ugh... stay away...(Wow, I think I just became one of those non-smoking snobs...)
1	If I could give it a worse rating we would.   The place has not been updated forever.   Service is poor at best.   No special pride here.Trying to check in but they won't let anyone until at least 5.   Way over priced, and virtually nothing to do.   A very boring place that does nothing to make you feel welcome or special.Simply put, go somewhere else.   Can't imagine that the same company owns Aria, as they are so different.q
2	With ever trip to Vegas, I've marveled at how gorgeous Bellagio looked from the outside.  On my last Vegas trip, I finally stayed here as a hotel guest and I was disappointed at the room cleanliness and hotel staff service.  With any 5-star hotels, the service at the check-in is crucial because it is the first impression (based on interaction) guests get of the hotel staff.  I felt like I was checking into a Holiday Inn; it was very casual and unimportant.  When I got into the hotel room, there was a red stain on one of the blankets and so they came up to remove it from the room and said that they will replace it tomorrow (why the wait? I have no idea).  It took 3 staff members to take the blanket away and they didn't address the concern of cleanliness at all.  I gotta say that I'm surprised to see this listed as one of the 5-star hotels because it is only a 4-star in my book.  The rates at Bellagio are not competitive with other hotels with similar amenities and class, so I wouldn't choose to stay here again.  For a much better experience, I would recommend the Palazzo, Wynn or Encore resorts.
5	Everything about our stay at The Bellagio was exceptional from check in to check out. We arrived Sunday evening and were greeted at baggage claim by the limo driver the concierge had pre-arranged. We arrived at the hotel, our luggage was whisked away and we were checked in within minutes. We had booked a Bellagio suite but when we excitedly told everyone we were getting married the next day, we were upgraded to a lakeview suite overlooking the fountains and scored line passes to the cafe and buffet! They even sent us chocolate truffles and all sorts of goodies every night in our room. The view from our suite was amazing and we watched the fountain show every night. Room service was delicious and the service was fast and impeccable. During the days we spent all our time in The Cypress Pool where we truly enjoyed the personalized service and the adults only policy, well worth the $100 cover charge for the two of us. We saw "O" which also exceeded all expectation. That show is not to be missed! The spa is also the nicest I have ever visited, we had a couples massage that left us both totally relaxed and a few days later we both had the floating bliss massage where you lay on a raft in the pool while you get hand and foot work. If you only do one spa treatment do that! We ate at Prime steakhouse, Circo, Cafe Bellagio, The Pool Cafe and The Buffet and not once did we have a bad meal. The gelato place was also amazing and I recommend the little shop across from it for a quick pastry or a sandwich. There is plenty of high end shopping on the casino level and we did not encounter any typical snooty or pushy salespeople. I felt like a total princess the entire time and thoroughly enjoyed my honeymoon. Normally, at the end of vacation I am ready to go home and just sleep in my own bed but both myself and my new husband did not want to leave. We cannot wait to return!
1	My flight was late for the Cirque de Solei Beatles show. Initially they said they would rebook me for another day. When I provided proof that I had purchased the tickets through a ticket broker and they had acquired the tickets through ticketmaster.t was my sons birthday and that ruined it since I cant always afford $700.00 for a special event.  Bill  I flew from San Diego to Las Vegas and unfortunatley the flight was cancelled by Spirit.  I really believed The Bellagio would have aided us.  I know you are supposed to lose in Vegas but not like this
5	Always so classy.  Always so romantic.  First hotel I stayed at when I visited Las Vegas the first time.  Loved it so much that I came back and got married here =)
4	I came here many times but the last time was with my parents on memorial day weekend where the weekend buffet price was ~45.- Love the crab legs. I get my money's worth here. lol- Sushi variety is average. Machine made, but sashimi is worth getting. - mac n cheese is very cheesy. although its a side, i love it!- desserts are yummy. yet wicked spoon is better. - Meats are very fancy and tasty. a bit too rare for my liking but good.- Chicken noodle soup is pleasant. I was a bit sick and it hit the spot.- Pizza is great! exotic.- Service is a bit rude, but fast. Can I get a Dr. Pepper? No....15s of silence..lol^___^
2	I must say I was disappointed with the Bellagio for the first time. We have stayed there on multiple occasions in the past. We arrived late on a Friday and waited in line to check in for 25 minutes. There was quite a line and they only had three ladies working registration. I feel when you are paying the prices we were, one would think they could have more folks working. We ran into the same thing with the concierge desk. Waited ten minutes to talk to the concierge. This is a staffing/management issue. The room was quite nice and the cleaning staff very helpful and courteous. However, the long wait to check in started our visit out on the wrong foot. I know the Bellagio can do better.
4	So close to 5 stars...but, overall, I am more partial to the Wynn/Encore with that rank as they maintain the title as my favorite gaming property & resort in Vegas.Speaking of gaming, I really am a fan of this casino. I've won here almost more than anywhere and I like the general layout. They could definitely use some better ventilation, though; every resort should take a lesson from the Wynn/Encore in this area. The Bellagio can also be a tourist trap due to the glass flowers in the lobby and, of course, the ever-changing botanical gardens. Jean Philippe Patisserie is also frequently busy but a definite asset to the hotel-- I love it there!! I've stayed at the Bellagio twice this year, and each time has been close to an impeccable experience. Classy rooms, super comfortable beds, tidy&daily maid service, and friendly staff. TIP: Try to request the Bellagio (main) Tower instead of the Spa tower. The Bellagio tower is newly renovated and WAAAY closer than the Spa Tower. The Spa Tower, while still nice, seems to be a little dated. The walk is also inconvenient-- especially after a cocktail or two....or 12. Perhaps one of the biggest pros of this resort is its central location-- with CityCenter to its south and Caesar's immediately to the north, everything is right there. I love the Bellagio!
2	I was at the desk, when a lady working there came over and asked me what I needed, I told her tickets to O the show, she then told me , there is a line over there you must stand there to get tickets, so we did, for 30 min or so, then the same lady is standing close to me , when some one asked where can I get tickets to O , the lady told them there sold out tonight, I asked the lady why you did not tell me that, she told me I did tell you, what Ever
5	Gorgeous! Gorgeous! Gorgeous!You have the Fountains of Bellagio upfront. Then you take a nice walk in the breezeway and land at the lobby. You go through the large fantastic revolving doors and your eyes immediately catch the outlandish ceiling presentation. Walk further into Bellagio and you encounter a sort of dreamland. All you can find is color and beauty in this vast garden. A carousel, a waterfall, bumblebees, flowers, grass, etc.Classic beauty.
5	Ahhh Bellagio, you're like AMAZING!We got a great room with a view of the fountains and of the Eiffel Tower.Check in was excellent, valet is superb and the rooms are beautiful.Comfortable beds, flat screens, wireless and huge bathrooms. Housekeeping deserves mad props too, they keep it clean.The fountains are well worth seeing.We're here for the 4th, I'll update....soon.Night 1: Room service wait was from 70 to 90 MinutesTonight (night 2) Room service came in 60 minutesDay 2 & 3, The gym and spa are 5 star, if you're ever staying at Bellagio, at least check them out. All ammenities and more, so clean and maintained.Day fo: Buffet, shit, it's got everything.....and more, it's too much, it's crazy, it's like who eats that much? We sat there and nibbled for hours, the coffee is delicious. Go hungry and enjoy, then walk 2 hours on the strip, I did.Day 5, Saw O for the second time and gambled, lots of fun. The night life in the casino...good fun.Morning 6: Loved my stay here, would do it again in a heartbeat!
4	I've stayed at several hotels in Las Vegas. The Bellagio is by far my favorite. The first time I stayed there I was blown away by the decor and the service. They seemed to have thought of everything, and more. Now I stay at the Bellagio regularly when I am in Vegas. Recently I have noticed a change. The staff is still friendly and helpful, but the standards seem to have slipped. I've noticed the cleanliness in common areas, like the casino, hallways and elevators, isn't what it used to be. The only reason I only give this review 4 stars is because my last trip was cut short, when our flights got screwed up by a hurricane at home. I either had to stay longer or leave early. When I asked at the front desk to extend my stay two days they said they were completely booked. The lady at the front desk kept suggesting I try another property. It almost made me feel like they didn't want me there, especially when people I was traveling with were able to extend their stay without a problem. I still like the Bellagio the best of all the hotels I've stayed at in Las Vegas. Their rooms are great and comfortable. I just hope they pick up their standards a little bit more to match how they used to be when I first visited there.
3	Old money vegas feel.  very upscale and clean. didnt stay but am sure it would be nice.
5	I have been staying at the Bellagio Hotel for YEARS and I can honestly say that it is by far the best hotel in Las Vegas.  I have stayed at almost all other 4 and 5 star hotels in Las vegas in the past but Bellagio is better than all of them.  It is beautiful, classy and amazing service.  It is located right in the middle of everything so once you Valet your car and check in, you will not need your car again until you are ready to leave.  You can walk everywhere.
3	The Bellagio as expected is opulent and refined. The staff that greeted us was friendly and efficient. The lobby, gardens, and conservatory are all beautiful. The room is just a room. It is a hotel room with nice amenities. We stayed at many hotels on the strip and the Encore is the better choice for rooms and pools. The Bellagio pool area is beautifully landscaped.  The problem is the service at the pool. The wait staff is absent and when they are visible they do not ask to provide any service. It can take a hour between drinks and it gets frustrating when our plan for the day is pool and relaxation.
4	The Bellagio Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas remains one of the most beautiful hotels on the Strip. If at all possible try to stay in the main building (instead of the Spa Tower) and upgrade to a room with a view of the lake and fountains.The glass flower ceiling in the lobby is still stunning while the Conservatory and Botanical Gardens just to the side of the lobby are a popular photo-op spot with seasonal displays. The current French Summer scene is as beautiful as any I've seen although my favorite may be the creative Chinese New Year gardens in January and February each year.The Bellagio has received the AAA Five Diamond Award every year since 2000 for a reason. It is a great hotel. Elegant rooms and wonderful housekeeping make your experience in your room enjoyable. Meanwhile restaurants like Le Cirque, Picasso, Jasmine, and Jean Philippe Patisserie make dining a delight. The Bellagio Buffet is outstanding, but made even better on Friday, Saturday, or holidays thanks to King Crab Legs and Kobe-style Beef.Shopping at the Bellagio may be out of the price range of most of us, but it's still delicious to browse the Hermes, Omega, Chanel, Fendi, Dior, Armani, Gucci, Prada, Louis Vuitton, and Tiffany shops. For entertainment, my favorite Vegas show is at the Bellagio. Tickets are expensive, but the water-themed Cirque du Soleil masterpiece "O" is worth every bit of the cost. Don't want to spend too much money, then hang out at one of the Bellagio pools. Finally, plan to spend some time being mesmerized in the evenings by music, lights, and dancing water of the Fountains of Bellagio.My only real disappointment with the Bellagio is the Casino. The number of tables seems limited, however, the real problem is a continual sour attitude of the dealers. I played a couple days at a variety of tables (mostly blackjack and roulette) and didn't meet even one friendly dealer that even pretended to like their job. Not sure if it was a bad week, but the negative vibe was noticeable compared to other casinos hit during the past week.Despite the sourpuss dealers, the Bellagio is a dynamic 4-star plus experience. Bring money and a positive attitude for a vacation to remember.
5	The room is very clean. I stayed at the 11th floor. It's called the Lakeview suite.You could see the beautiful fountain and a lovely view of the strip.
4	Beautiful hotel
5	The best hotel I have EVER step foot in! I went here to celebrate my sister's 40th birthday and decided to splurge on the hotel stay.  It was not a disappointment.  It's hard to say if any hotel is worth the price as the Bellagio, but they made sure to help you feel like you were getting your money's worth.  It's always the little details that impress me.  The turn down service at night was always on point, after a long day of walking in the 110 degree heat in Vegas.  The chocolate mints next to my bed, were perfect for when I had a sweet craving but was too lazy to get up and search for sweets.  The comfy robe provided was wonderful because I didn't pack my robe since I was pressed for space in my suitcase.  Oh lawd, and the view!! Sweet baby, Jesus!! Our room overlooked the Bellagio fountains and it is so mesmerizing! I really don't know how my experience could have been better.The staff was always so pleasant and helpful and actually acted as if they loved their job! I bet if I worked there, I would have loved my job, also.Now, I will let you in on a secret: the Bellagio has 5 pools in the front of the hotel that appear to be private, yet I discovered them by looking out my hotel room.  The staff appears not to know what pools I am talking about but I am NOT crazy and the next time I visit this hotel, I will find these pools and swim in them ALL day long! Initially, I was going to give Bellagio 4 stars because I didn't think they had any penny slot machines in their casino, but I found them and hence I shall reward them with 5 stars!!! Ta Daaaaa!!!!
5	Excellent hotel which lives up to its fabulous reputation.  I just checked out a few hours ago.  The hotel has beatiful rooms, sufficient registration clerks, lovely scenary, excellent maid service  and a wonderful location.  Bellagio also has complimentary  24/7 boarding pass printoff kiosks!
5	A bunch of friends and I booked the Penthouse suite for memorial day weekend. The room we had was EPIC, although it was at the end of an extremely long, never ending hallway. Let me tell you about our room: we had a living room, dining room, a spacious bar area, and THREE bathrooms, one fit with a STEAM SHOWER. There were TVs in 2 of the bathrooms. Our room was a smoking room, so we could watch tv, use the bathroom, and smoke AT THE SAME TIME. Where in the world are you able to do that besides at this hotel? Compared to other hotels, the Bellagio has the best floor plan. Caesar's Palace and the Venetian seem like it was built haphazardly. Like there was an original floor plan but as the hotel became more successful, the managers decided to build extension upon extension, making a maze. Bellagio is very straight forward, and even if you have a terrible sense of direction, there are plenty of signs that will guide you. Another thing that's great about this hotel is the location. Across from Planet Hollywood where I can get Fat Tuesdays and Earl of Sandwich, next door to Cosmopolitan for Marquee, and a connecting bridge to Caesar's Palace? That's all I need in Vegas.
3	Ehh. The rooms are decent. Even though it was a lake view room the feeling inside didn't feel too luxurious as it did panoramic view at the encore. Better than having no view at all but ehh. The service was exceptional though, they keep it clean and fulfill your needs. I mean I wouldn't stay here again with so many options but it's not the worst choice either.
3	Smells like old people.
5	The husband surprised me with a visit to Vegas just because. I have loved the Bellagio fountains since the first time I saw them probably 8 years ago. This was the perfect surprise and we had a room facing the waters. The man thought of everything! The furnishing were gorgeous, bedding beautiful and the bathroom was spacious. Check-in took awhile but it was late night in Vegas so what did we expect? Didn't exactly like walking through the casino floor with our luggage to get to the elevators but that was the only way to get to our room. We didn't spend too much time in our room (it is Vegas after all) but when we did, I spent the majority of the time watching the fountains. One recommendation would be to have the music piped through onto one of the tv channels so we could hear the music from our room. We could barely hear a tiny bit of the music as we were on a high floor and I assume the windows are somewhat soundproof. If you want a luxury getaway, don't wait. Get yourself to the Bellagio (or drop tons of hints to your husband so he can take you!).
5	Great place to stay.  We had a view of the show and it was a fantastic room.  Always very clean, great service, a lot to do.  Of course it is pricey... but we did book with Virgin America vacations... so we got a good deal.  Great pool!
1	Disappointed.  Was really excited to stay here since it's supposed to be one of the nicer hotels, and could finally afford it due to a corporate discount.  But after the treatment my family and I received here...definitely not coming back.  I've stayed at Hampton Inns nicer than the Spa Tower, but the real problem was the rudeness of the staff.  I noticed a lot of other people commenting on this if they tried to change rooms, etc.  But we didn't ask for anything extra and still couldn't avoid the attitude of the hotel employees.  I don't know the details of my mom's experience with the concierge but she came back to the room upset one night after trying to pick up show tickets she reserved with the hotel a week ago, which the people at the front desk wouldn't give her until she talked to about 5 different people.  My experience was at the pool one afternoon, I decided to treat my sister and I to some cool drinks and ordered two when approached by a server.  She came back with only mine and I casually asked her if my sister's drink would be out soon, and I about fell out of my seat when she, practically screaming, said that I never ordered another drink and she would have written it down if I did.  My sister and I looked at each other in disbelief and said politely that she must have confused us with some other guests and she replied even more defensively, "No! She said she was full and didn't want anything and I even asked if you wanted anything else!!"  I was in shock, so shocked I foolishly gave her back my credit card to charge for the additional drink without asking to see her manager.  When she got back I told her I didn't appreciate being called a liar, and of course she said "I didn't call you a liar!  I'm sorry I didn't hear you!"  All I can say to that is, sign me up for a job at the Bellagio because all the time I served food to people I never got to be so rude to customers.  Seems like fun!  Anyway the Bellagio didn't seem to get the memo that there are other nicer hotels on the strip now and they probably want to treat their guests better to avoid losing business.  Even if you can afford it, the cheaper hotels are way more fun in my opinion anyway, especially the casinos  :)
5	What a wonderful hotel! My boyfriend and I stayed here while in Vegas and had a gorgeous fountain view room on the 28th floor. The nighttime view of the fountain show was spectacular. Our room was one of the newly renovated ones and it was very modern, which didn't really fit with the traditional feel of  the hotel but it was still very nice. With the exception of an incredibly rude check-in lady, the staff were all very nice and helpful. The casino is big and lots of fun and the spa in the hotel is absolutely gorgeous and relaxing. We ate at the cafe, Olives, and the buffet within the hotel and they were all fabulous. I highly recommend staying here. You can't really ask for a more luxurious experience.
5	The fountains, the gardens, the buffet, the gambling, what's there not to love about this amazing hotel?
1	I have stayed at the Bellagio for the last time!!  When a pit boss says "let me talk to you like your white!!!!" I think that pretty much translates to "your not welcome colored folk!" So I will take my non-white self to the many other non MGM properties!
3	The hotel is beautiful and definitely worth spending a day in to look around all it has to see. However the service here was only okay for me. I work in hotels and come to expect a certain level of service at hotels that have as high of accolades as the Bellagio does. I felt the rooms are kinda outdated and made me feel like I took an immediate trip back to the early 90's
5	Excellent service, great food.  The server worked very hard for us.  THANK YOU!
5	One of the older hotels in Las Vegas. However it is still nice. The atmosphere is awesome. Gambling is always a plus but the table games can be expansive. I do love their rooms though. This is a must stop if you visit Vegas because of their Garden. It is beautiful. Also their late night water show is amazing.
5	Although I've never stayed here, I've visited this hotel each time when I am in Vegas.  I've shopped at their upscale stores, ate at their fancy restaurants, and toured the conservatory (a must for my each trip to Vegas).   This hotel is my most favorite one in Vegas, I've never got tired of looking up at the ceiling in the lobby.  Their fountain show is another must see in Vegas,  so I plan my meal in the vicinity just to enjoy the show.
2	The Bellagio was sadly a bit disappointing. I was in town for a trade show event in July and found the hotel overcrowded and nearly impossible to navigate during the day. A "quick" bite to eat took nearly 1.5 hours at a 2 p.m. lunch. Service was slow and lacking all over the resort.When I checked into my room, there was a massive clump of hair in the bathroom sink. Disgusting. I've staying in all kinds of hotels all over the world from two to five stars and have to say I've never seen a dirtier bathroom.We had an unfortunate incident where a colleague had to have emergency surgery while on our trip. A horrible incident anywhere, but especially when one has to spend hours in a Las Vegas ER. When I called the hotel desk in the morning to ask for a late checkout so we could visit our friend in the hospital and get her returned to her hotel. We needed to make sure she was comfortable and all arrangement were made for her family to arrive before we caught a flight out of the city that afternoon. I was informed that it would only be possible if we paid a 1/2 day rate of $70+ dollars. How unfortunate that a hotel of this supposed caliber can't accommodate a guest in their city with this type of request. Especially since our flight schedules meant that we would be on our way to the airport by 3 p.m. at the latest. The casino staff was lovely and the hotel was ok but certainly not deserving of a AAA five diamond. When I return to Vegas, I think I'll be staying at the Wynn. Sorry, Bellagio, I had higher hopes.
5	We spent 4 days here and had a wonderful time.the staff were friendly wand we didn't want for anything.Will defiantly return,just marvelous.
5	What is there to say?  This is THE place to stay.  The room was immaculate (we had a lakeside view room on a high floor), the staff was very friendly and everyone seemed to go out of their way to make sure you were happy.   We are definitely glad we stayed here and plan on doing so on our next trip.  The Bellagio is the gold standard.
4	everyone loves the fountains.But it's that the rosemary bushes I smell? or the piss and vomit on the sidewalk?
2	Such a frustrating stay, on all accounts. The hotel is way too crowded for the staff to provide 5 star service. I was checked into two unmade rooms (the maid had not yet visited) before I got a clean room. The manager didn't even speak directly to me or compensate me. Check in took almost 2 hours!  The walk from the front desk to the rooms is 15 min each way. The bell desk sent me to the wrong place for the shuttle (another hike). No one had the correct information. The lines for the restaurants were outrageous. You have to walk through the mobbed casino to get the the elevator that takes you to the guest rooms. The room is slick looking but the small touches are not luxury. Scratchy robe, cheap shampoo, no coffee or tea in the room. The room service was great but took 50 min at 11:15. The lobby is swamped with people. Not a relaxing place to stay, by any means.
4	The Bellagio is an amazing hotel. I was quite impressed with the friendliness of all the staff there. Everyone is so polite and helpful.I could go on and on about what I like about the hotel, but it's pretty much what you would expect. The only couple of things I didn't like about the hotel were small things.First, I wasn't too impressed that a 5 star hotel didn't have a fridge (that wasn't already filled with expensive stuff they want you to buy from them) or microwave inside the room. I know they want you to spend $16 on the Fiji water in the room and another $10 for the gummybears (no joke either), but you would think if you're paying as much as you are for staying there, that they'd hook you up with a mini fridge and microwave.Second thing I didn't find so great about the Bellagio were the pools. They are all exactly the same and nothing too great about them. I stayed at the MGM before and it had a "floating river" and all different types of areas to be in. At the Bellagio, all the pools are a bit boring with nothing fun about them. Again though, not a huge deal and definitely didn't stop me from going out to the pools every day.If I went back to Vegas, I wouldn't mind staying at the Bellagio again but I definitely want to try some where else. So, it's not some where that I really want to stay with again. I prefer the MGM, but that's based off price and location. As far as the inside of the room goes, I'd definitely choose the Bellagio over the MGM.
5	Bellagio is a wonderful hotel/casino/buffet. I have never stayed in the Bellagio but their garden and buffet are the bomb. They have a wide variety of food/desserts. Bellagio is the perfect place to go when you are very hungry. Their prices are kind of pricey  but you get a lot out of what you pay for. I recommend going here.
3	Wifi doesn't work in many of the public areas!  You'd expect them to get it right.
2	Read this to avoid all of Bellagios BS:There are 2 Valet locations, one North and one South.  DO NOT check in at the North location (behind the fountains) or you will have to cart your luggage all the way through the casino, it's a haul. speaking of check-in, wow, these ladies need a lesson in customer service. Horrible attitudes and unbelievably slow.BRING A SMALL COFFEE MAKER and some starbucks in your bag; there are NO coffe makers in the room and room service will set you back about 6 bucks per cup, voila!  Each time you enter the elevator you must show a room key, feels like your in Costco.  God forbid any terrorists would storm the Bellagios rooms. Ask for 2 room keys per person, if you forget your card, Vinnie the Nose will drag you to the front desk to prove your identity, classy.Where is the Safe??? It's kind of fun hunting for it if you like treasure hunts when you check in, otherwise you will spend 1/2 hour of your life that you will never get back.  Of course, it's in the nightstand drawer...brilliant!!Forget the slots...tighter than an Italians pocketbook.If you don't like smoky casinos stay away, especially at night it is possibly the worst on the strip, except for maybe Red Rock.  To see the fountains, ask for a room on a least the 7th floor or above. Your drapes open with a button next to the nightstand, homage to The Hangover and Ceasar Velotche!At the pool, put something on your towel if your going to go for a drink or a drip, or the towel trolls will snatch yours up.If you don't want to pay 15 bucks for a watered down drink at the pool, sneak in a few airline size bottles of vodka or rum and just get a regular drink.  Also by the elevators is a nice gift shop with booze, mixer, etc.IF you have decided to go to Le Cirque be very very careful what you order, the price goes up exponentially every time you open you mouth or shift in your seat. If you add the wine flight to your choice, it's $179!!! Salute!!The good;Bathroom, deep tub and great water pressure, beds are good quality, decor is nice, that's about it.  Oh yeah and the crepes place downstairs is very cool with the chocolate fountains.  And the art museum was a nice touch.
2	I want to say that I really hate to give this experience 2 stars but it's the truth. SADLY!So I've been going to Vegas since I could learn how to walk. I remember the buckets of quarters and the endless stench of smoke lingering through the casinos and hallways. With that said, I have stayed at a good amount of the hotels on the strip and off. I've always had this high regard for the Bellagio. It seemed to have this prestigious feeling, glamorous and just thought that with this hotel -- there would be this beautiful ambiance. I can't say that I feel the same way now. Upon making a reservation, I made comments that my boyfriend and I were celebrating our anniversary. I commented that I would appreciate any accommodations that they may be able to make for us. When I called to confirm, the lady on the phone seemed short and a bit rude. I always call to confirm just because it gives me the peace of mind but this lady seemed as if she wanted to just get through her day. Pft. When I asked her about the process of checking in and if there would be a possibility, she said that I would need to check with the front desk when I arrived. I know this is procedure but I feel that it could have been worded in a better way such as, "If you can give us a call the day of arrival, we may be able to assist you." When I asked about the complimentary upgrade to one of the new renovated rooms, she repeated herself and said that I would have check with the front desk. Instead of a sterile response, I would have wished for more warmth. I mean, this is suppose to be THE Bellagio. Anyway, upon arriving, we checked in the front desk. It wasn't great and it wasn't bad. It just was procedure. Again, lacked warmth and any type of real customer service. It wasn't busy at all so it made me wonder if this cold service was what we were going to experience throughout our stay. One perk was that she was able to check us in a bit early and she did honor the complimentary upgrade to the new rooms. We went to our room and the security is fantastic. There was always a person viewing Bellagio check in cards to make sure that we belonged to the hotel. When we got into our room, I have to be honest -- I was incredibly disappointed. For the amount of money, the reputation and expectations, this room did not live up. It was nicely renovated, I give them that. However, the room is probably one of the smaller rooms that I've stayed at (in comparison to Encore, Mandalay, Palazzo, Planet Hollywood, MGM and Luxor). For starters, it was just so basic. The greatest amenity was that where the TV was mounted, there was a input board of USB, USB CHRGR, etc. I didn't use it but I could see how this would be useful for many people. The bed was comfortable. The closet was a decent size. There was a table for working and two seats. The bathroom didn't live up to my standards. The shower needed a deep cleaning. The edges weren't the cleanest. The bathtub was just okay. It was deep but not that large. It didn't seem "renovated". The vanity area was just whatever. The biggest issue for me is that there were no double sinks. Overall, I want to say that the room was going to be a four or five star but I really want to give it a three. During our stay, I can't say that there's been anything that's made this resort stand out. The pool was beautiful but you must get there when it opens for a chair together. Thankfully, I wake up really early so we were okay. The lounge pool area seems a bit over priced but worth it if you have the money to splurge. The pool cafe was good and great service. The buffet really is NOT worth visiting. We went before we left to head back home and for about 50 something, it was not worth it. I would have been happier elsewhere or even going to the cafe for something. There were a good amount of choices but being the Bellagio, I felt that there should be more. All the desserts were mostly sugar free or fat free. Some weren't even labeled correctly. The food found here were just things that I felt could be found at any buffet which disappointed me. The service was just okay. Actually, a bit lacking but it's a buffet. Lastly! The most important thing that brought us to the Bellagio was the under 21/children policy. I thought that this hotel was more strict about their policy but it seemed that there were plenty of children around. To be honest, it was one of the first experiences that I encountered, walking to get ice, seeing a 2 year old running down the hallway. At the buffet, there was a baby crying and then a family of 10, 6 children/babies. I was a bit shocked. I know that people have children but it just seemed as this was no different than any other hotel. So even with paying for more to hopefully experience a wonderful vacation, I don't think I got what I paid for. I wish I could say that I'm coming back but I'm probably not. So so sad.
5	The Bellagio, to me and my husband, is like taking a vacation in paradise.We stayed here twice and I can't think of a single bad thing about it.The hotel rooms were very clean, classy, and elegant.Last time we stayed here we had the best bed we ever slept in.The mattress is fabulous. You just get in there and fall asleep right away.The casino is also admirable. The drinks are great and the best pina colada I have ever had was at the Bellagio.Then there is the buffet at the Bellagio. It is like a paradise buffet.EVERYTHING I ate there was delicious. My favorite was the Eggs Benedict at the breakfast buffet, and the apple strudel dessert for the lunch buffet, and of course the steak, which is tender, full of flavors and like melting in your mouth. But actually everything was so delicious.I never ate so much and so good. The whole experience at the Bellagio was beyond exceptional.
4	I love coming here. Best service and rooms on strip!
2	There's no denying that the Bellagio is just a beautiful casino. However, there isn't much to offer to the younger crowd. They now have a club, but it's rarely crowded as the casino originally wasn't geared towards the younger audience or children. Because of this, it's more of a place to just walk through once or twice instead of somewhere to stay.
4	It is difficult to rank a Hotel/Casino like Bellagio, because there's so much that comes with it. It's not just the hotel or casino, but restaurants, attractions, service, and upkeep.RoomsThe best hotel in Las Vegas to me is the Wynn. I've stayed at the larger suites in BOTH (Salon @ the Encore and Presidential @ Bellagio) and you can tell the difference by seeing the attention to the details. Little things such as TVs (huge flatscreens), bathrooms, layout, artwork, and decor are better at the Wynn. The biggest thing I notice is the upkeep. Bellagio rooms need a makeover to keep their elite status in my opinion. Carpet, fridge, TVs, and bathrooms were all underwhelming. When you go into a Bellagio class Suite, everything should be something you can't get at home. If your TV at home is bigger, then you're not going to be impressed. I think Bellagio is right there with hotels like The Cosmopolitan. This is just my opinion, but The Cosmo is only nice because it's new. Their rooms are very modern, but don't necessarily convey luxury in every aspect. I like it, but both seem a little less amazing than the Wynn -- close to great. Also this was for the larger suites. Some of the regular rooms have seen some modest upgrades.ServiceBoth are quite top notch. I haven't had an issue with either.Restaurants and Attractionshighly debatable. It really depends what you want. If you want to club, then Wynn has XS. Buffets are good at both. Wynn has some stuff Bellagio doesn't but Bellagio's is one of the most consistent and solid buffets in Vegas. The nicer restaurants. Honestly I haven't been to most of them. I do know that from the people I've talked to the overall impression and consensus seems to be that the Wynn has more wow factor. The food itself is good at both. Next time at the Wynn, I plan to hit up Sinatra.GamblingBoth are catered more to higher end gamblers. I mainly play poker, so it depends what you're looking for. Both casinos are made to gamble and they are not like the Cosmopolitan where it is more of an afterthought. Bellagio has been stepping it up with more tournaments and high roller rooms and separate room for celebrity status players. I recently saw Doyle, Gus Hansen, and a bunch of others just chillin at the Bellagio. I prefer the Bellagio poker room, because it's more comfortable. The Wynn's buy-in is higher and the competition is more stuffy (which can be good or bad).For me personally, Bellagio is old money. I recently got upgraded to the MLife Pearl status which apparently gets you to the front of the line at the Buffet. Saving at least an hour will definitely warrant a return. Also staying anywhere near City Center (Vdara, Aria, Mandarin, Cosmo), Bellagio is the best place to play so I see our relationship continuing to flourish. The Wynn's main issue is that it is further north, so can't really walk to and fro. Yes, I said to and fro. No, not talking about hair.Tip: Water Fountain Show is still fun to watch as you pretend you're one of the Ocean's Eleven crew. Here are the show times:Monday - Friday3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m. show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. show every 15 minutesSaturdays, Sundays* and Holidays12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.  show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. show every 15 minutes
5	Bellagio is not just a hotel, it's an experience. From the overused cliches, movie references and the dancing fountains. Staying at Bellagio is simply sensory overload, It is truly a destination within itself. Let's start from the beginning... shall we ? First and foremost and in true contradiction with my opening statement, Bellagio is a hotel. But not just an ordinary hotel, where come to close your eyes in a run of the mill room at night, or during the day for that matter. After all, this is Vegas Baby !Deservedly awarded 5 Diamonds by AAA, Bellagio basks in the light of true luxury. The key to attaining such a prestigious award, basically lies in the details, and herein lies the devil. You see; Luxury is not a temporary state, but rather a consistent delivery of outstanding service, consistent being the key word here. You can expect excellence at all levels.As for the experience and sensory overload, it is quite simple. For starters, you are hard press to walk around the public areas of this hotel and not encounter different forms of art that will no doubt stimulate your senses. From Dale Chihuly to the chocolate fountain at Jean Philippe Chocolates and Pastries.  I mean, where else in the world can you see an great display of water choreography in sync with the tunes of Andrea Bocelli. You got it ! Only in front of Bellagio, at the fountain.Walking through the Casino, is priceless entertainment, and, given the fact that is just my personal opinion, there is no room for bruised egos, or offended souls, unless of course, if the shoe fits. Touring the Casino, watching all these dead behind the eyes beings, hoping beyond hope, or simply paying way too much money for a meaningless experience, is what amounts to nothing less than a free show.Not being a sun worshiper, unless I am sailing atop a windsurfer, I really can't say much for the pool. Yes, I people watched at the pool. Yes, I had drinks by the pool and yes, it was all good and that's all I have to say about that.Go ahead, tour the shops, if you have the means, I strongly suggest you acquire a piece from Hermes, it is good for the soul.To be fair, each and every dining place in Bellagio deserves it's own review and therefore, they will not be bunched here, but suffice you to know that they are there, and they are all not just good, but rather, very good!Don't be sidetracked by short vision during your stay at Bellagio, open your senses, and open your mind and you will be guaranteed an experience of a lifetime.If you are at all considering a trip to Vegas, consider Bellagio and please make sure that you are somewhat sober for at least enough time to enjoy your surroundings.
3	I don't know, might be the fact that I been multiple times to the palazzo or the Wynn, but I really think bellagio fall beihond the above 2 and the prices are all must exact,Casino is small,food options are really small vs the other 2 hotels, the smell in the holloway reminds me somthing stuffy,All in all the service and crew are great and very friendly, I belie bellagio are doing thier best to keep up with the competition but for this guy the only way I'm coming back here is if it's for free ( which might happen given how terrible of a player I proved to be )Woulda gave it 2 stars but it's wouldn't be fair the service here is great ,too bad restaurants and attractions in the hotel arent as I got accustomed to.
4	I love this pool cafe. I swear, I want to try everything on the menu. Everything.We were in Vegas for 2 days and I came here both days for lunch.  On the first day, I had the Ahi Poke Tacos as a meal (they add an extra taco on to make the appetizer a meal) and they were amazing. Not quite enough food if you are hungry, but definitely get it as an appetizer. On the second day, I had the turkey burger with sweet potato fries and mozzarella.  We were eyeing the pizza at the table next to us hoping they would leave without finishing it so that we could snag a slice. My friend was salivating over another neighbor's burger.  Seriously, everything here looks amazing and the hardest thing to do is to pick what to eat.My only complaint is the soda. It's like $4.50 and tastes funny.. watered down. I don't recommend ordering it. But I CAN recommend the blended Bellini drink.Yum.
4	Location, location, location.I've been to Vegas more times than I can count (and then I'd like to admit), and stayed at various hotels. I honestly believe that any of the mid-tier hotels are good enough (Paris, Monte Carlo, etc). but if you are looking to splurge, the Bellagio is worth every penny.  There's the Pool Cafe which I LOVE (see my review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/bellagio-pool-cafe-las-vegas#hrid:tj7FPE3ZFiI7pwAZrXDUaA) and amazing customer service. My friend lost his wallet in the middle of the night (or early hours of the morning, depending how you look at it...) and got a call the next day from security letting him know that they had found his wallet. And everything was still in it.  When we were checking out, I took my bags with me to grab my friend from the pool. I asked the guy at the top of the stairs leading to the pool if I could leave my bag for a few minutes while I grabbed my friend, and he was more than happy to do it, and even suggested I pull it around where he could see it better to keep an eye on it while I was gone.And.. location.  You can't get much more central than this. In terms of the high end hotels (Venetian and Wynn are the other two I would note) the location of the Bellagio is by far the best. We could walk almost everywhere that we wanted to go (even in the 100 degree heat).The rooms are large and roomy and nicely decorated, but that is to be expected.  What sets this hotel apart are the customer service and its location. I only wish I could rationalize the splurge and stay here more often...
3	Love the shopping here and the best part for us was the water show every 15 minutes at night and was a site to see. Always saw it TV and seeing it live was an experience. Not a gambler so can't comment on the casinos, but the shops and the views here were great.
5	Very Very Very Beautiful Hotel on the Strip. I rarely go to Vegas, but when i do, i make sure to go to the Bellagio, to check out the Flower Display. I have yet to stay at the Bellagio since it's so EXPENSIVE, but i can understand, a Fountain Musical in the Front, and a Topiary inside. No Casino except the Mirage is a beautiful scenery wise on the strip
3	I admit i enjoy coming to Bellagio because of the wonderful decors that change from time to time. But playing here is kinda boring. Some dealers would deal for hours without uttering a word, sometimes not even look at you. If you guys are gonna take our money, at least make a decent conversation or show some personality. Some of the dealers try to chat and joke around with the players creating a fun and upbeat ambiance but some are just like zombies giving you cards. They gotta do something about this because there's a lot more casinos out there who got dealers with personalities.
5	Excellent location, perfect room- a little bit of a wait during check-in but that doesn't stop me from giving 5 stars. It feels like a city of its own.Customer service was awesome too, this is by far the best place I have ever stayed at. It is expensive, but worth every penny if you are wanting to splurge. I can't wait to be back.( I will write a seperate review for their buffet, which was definitely not 5 stars)
4	Bellagio did not disappoint. Beautiful decor, 5 star service, great room overlooking the lake and the fountains. Room was very quiet even though the hotel was full. Of course, everything is expensive, but you know that going in. It's the Bellagio.
5	Excellent proximity on the strip to everything else. hotel is beautiful and staff is caring.How exactly do I describe my weekend here?1. Roll up in Taxi to Bellagio.2. Go to private check in counter for suites (If you booked a suite, there is a private check in room with pastries, drinks and  other awesome treats).3. Check in and roll up to my Penthouse suite.4. eat, gamble, drink, watch tv & sleep.5. wake up in the morning hungover. opens curtains with remote and seeing the Vegas Eiffel Tower in front of you not missing a single angle.6. check out & go home and be sad to go back to a regular size bedroom :(Be sure to check out the Bellagio Cafe and the other fine dining restaurants (PICASSO). Skip the buffet as quality has declined over the years.casino dealers here are filled with stories about Antoine Walker, Shaq, Justin Timberlake and other celebrities. they are quite amusing.
4	I just come back from Las Vegas yesterday I stay at Bellagio hotel for four nights they have very good service the restaurants are good I really liked OLIVE I will write a review for the restraunt separately.
4	I went for O and to try my luck at the slots, did horrible on the slots, but loved O! I want to stay here sometime in the future!
4	You should stay at world famous hotel in your life!!But why I left only 4 stars.....coz too crowded.There are not only hotel guests. It was bother me a lot...Anyway I still love Bellagio so what??:P
5	After checking out from the Trump Tower, I continue my trip by booking Bellagio. At the Bellagio my phone works well with no problem. All the staffs were so helpful. I ordered a movie in my room and had problems with the TV, they sent someone to the room within 5 minutes. A great centralized hotel on the strip.  I've stayed here many times and never do I ever have a complaint about anything whatever so ever. Their pool area is big and clean. I had no problem finding a chair nor a waitress. They even have their staffs walking around booking massages, which I had one and was so relaxing. If you're hungry there's plenty of restaurants to choose from and shopping within walking distance.
1	Full disclosure: This is only about the Casino, not the hotel or grounds etc which is beautiful. My gripe is coming to play the slots for a while til the water show started outside. Well, we couldn't get a drink to save our lives. We asked someone to call a waitress. Still no one came. We spotted a waitress but she tried very very hard to ignore us. We flagged her, she still turned and ran. That's when we cashed in and left. If you can't get your drank on at a casino in Vegas, well what is the point. Really.
4	This review is for the show "O". Before our trip my gf had said she wanted to see it, so I went online and purchased it through the Bellagio website. Very easy process.We had seats in the middle balcony second to the last row. Next time it would be better to pay more and sit in the lower section, lesson learned. Couple of the characters came out at the beginning and went through the audience which we couldn't see. The performance itself was pretty good. Although I did doze off a couple times.
4	Once the jewel of the strip, the Bellagio is in need of a makeover.  The water show is always a draw, but there is definitely room for improvement there.  There's always a risk involved when it comes to remodeling.  When you're talking about Vegas casino's, then the risk is even greater.  There are already 3 Italian-themed casinos on the strip (Venetian, Palazzo, Caesar's), so a renovation will be tricky.  Which way should they go?  Do they go the palacial route like Venetian, or old world like Caesar's?I can't even begin with which way to go.But what I do know is that the interior hasn't changed since the Ocean's 11 remake and the clock is ticking.As far as the hotel staff go, they are as accommodating as you'd expect at a high-end resort like this.  The buffet is definitely one of the best in LV, but also one of the most expensive.Everything about the interior says "rich, older guy" and I like it, but I'm not like most.Change is imminent...
4	After about 10 visits, this hotel stays consistent and classy. I always make sure to enjoy a glass of wine or martini at the Petrossian bar near the front desk, a calm and civilized place to listen to talented pianists while doing some serious people watching!  The recently refurbished guest room in the main tower was really tastefully done, it  gives a tired guest a soothing feel the moment the threshold is crossed.This last trip I forgot to pack my "jammies," which were hanging on a hook behind the bathroom door.  I didn't notice until close to a week later, yet when I called, they were there and promptly returned via Fedex at their expense.  Nice!
5	Spent opening day for 2012 NFL season here in the sportsbook. Great setup with large TVs and great cocktail service. Probably spoiled me for my hometown sports bar.
5	Recently spent my honeymoon there and have nothing but great things to say about the Bellagio. First, suite was ready for check-in at 11am. Major plus right there. Second, everything about this hotel is just absolutely beautiful. We stayed in a corner Saloon suite (wished it would have overlooked the pool or fountains but the view of the mountains is beautiful.Spent a lot of times at the pools and the sports book, waitresses and staff were extremely friendly and helpful suggesting places to go outside of the Bellagio. Pretty much the perfect hotel experience from check-in to checkout.
5	It doesn't get much better than the Bellagio in Vegas.  I go here every time I visit just to walk around inside.  It is beautiful and the glass artwork is worth the view alone.  They have their seasonal indoor garden which is stunning.  The fountain show in the front lake is a must-see for anyone new to Vegas.  I REALLY love this place.  "O" is here and it is one of the best shows on the strip.  I am pretty sure it is gone now but there was a priceless artwork collection there a while back that was worth the price of entry just to see some originals from famous artists.
4	Massive place. like many in Vegas.Love the botanical garden, love the restaurant choices. The people that work there are really nice too!
4	The glorious thing about Bellagios is that as time continues, the style and decor will continue to remain classic and appreciated. I stayed here for a week two times and had a great experience each time. The pool is lovely and we had an amazing view of the fountains. The restaurants to choose from have always been satisfying. I love that you're just footsteps away from some great food like Cafe Bellagio and Yellowtail. The clubs are fun and you get treated like VIP if you're a guest here. Albeit we had VIP access when we were here which included access to a secret lounge through this cool secret door you would easily pass each time without noticing. We also had open bar privileges here as well as a private elevator. Bellagios is the place to go to be treated like royalty!
2	In my opinion this hotel/casino is over-rated.  We stayed at the Cosmopolitan for about the same price and were on the 65th floor overlooking the Bellagio's fountains.  At the Bellagio we overlooked the pool.The pool is nice and huge.The carpet, decor and furnishings are all old and dated.
4	Garden is awesome. Convention rooms are accessible, comfortable and near plenty of restrooms. Food and beverages supplied were more than acceptable.
5	I have nothing negative to say about the Bellagio.
5	I usually keep my hotel reviews on Trip Advisor, but I love Bellagio so much, I'll put one here, too.My wife and I have stayed here four times, and it's our favorite place in Vegas by far.  Location-wise, it couldn't be better.  It has easily the best outdoor show on the Strip.  I've probably seen the fountain show 200 times and it never gets old.  The complexity is astounding; just when you think you've seen everything the fountains can do, they surprise you with something new.  Booking a lakeview room is well worth the extra money they charge.I've stayed in some pretty nice hotels in my years, but this is the only five-diamond one, and the difference is evident.  Notably, when you pass a maid or bellhop in the hallway, they always greet you with a smile and a "good morning" or "good evening."  This is unspeakably rare.  The hotel, despite being "old" in Vegas years, is beautiful, from the Chihuly in the lobby, to the ever-changing conservatory, and even the back hallways that only convention-goers see.  The casino is spacious and comfortable, and every corner of the premises exudes class.The pool is the best part about Bellagio.  It's absolutely beautiful.  In four visits, I've never seen it over-crowded.  It's always clean, peaceful and quiet, with piped-in music softly setting the mood.  There's greenery everywhere.  The hot tubs are massive.  You're handed two big, fluffy towels as you enter.  My wife and I have spent practically every morning we've stayed at the Bellagio in the pool, probably to the chagrin of the bookmakers.The rooms aren't spectacular, but the beds are very comfortable, there are enough TV channels, and the glassed-in showers are neat.  My wife loves the deep soaking tub.  Most of the one-star reviews here are complaining about customer service, but I don't think I've ever had better.  During our last visit, just a few weeks ago, we were placed on the 9th floor.  We wanted a higher room, so we called and were told there were none available, but we could move up the next night.  That's exactly what happened, and we were placed on the 28th floor, which I believe is the highest non-suite floor.  Through all of this, we were treated with the utmost respect and courtesy, rather than the thinly veiled disdain you often get when asking for special requests in some businesses.  The hotel also refunded our money without argument after a pool waitress brought us the wrong drinks, and when I had a problem printing my boarding passes in the lobby, someone helpfully took over and did it for me.  Those are just a few examples of how Bellagio makes regular folk like me feel like kings.Did I mention the smell?  From the moment you step into Bellagio from the parking garage, you'll notice a heavenly aroma.  Not sure what it is or how they perfume the entire hotel, but it smells great, and certainly brings back good memories each time I encounter it at the beginning of a vacation.If I had one wish, it's that Bellagio had a food court where you could get a less-expensive meal.  The best option now is the small restaurant called Snacks, which has sandwiches and the like; it's really good but not at all cheap.  There's also a fine coffee shop and a gelato shop; other than that, the rest of the restaurants are upscale and pricey, many with suit-jacket requirements.  I understand they want to keep up the ambiance, though, and it's no big deal to cross the street for a burger.I doubt my wife and I will ever stay anywhere else in Vegas.  I've heard great things about some of the newer hotels, but Bellagio is "our place."
1	This hotel is terrible. I am here with my husband for the weekend and have a six month old son at home with his grandparents. I am still breastfeeding and arranged for the hotel to help me send frozen breast milk home to my baby during my stay. I called a month ahead of time and was told by multiple concierges and business center personnel that this would not be a problem and that they provide this kind of service to moms all the time. The only reason I chose this hotel or came on this trip was because of how confident they sounded about being able to get this done. Well I am here now and was given the run around for over an hour this morning. The bottom line is they did not uphold any of their promises to get the breast milk back to my baby, in fact they don't even know how to handle such a request. They have my calls on file but they were not prepared to do what they guaranteed they could do and wanted to charge me five times more than what they quoted me to get the milk home IF they could figure out how to do it. What happened to they do this this all the time??? I am completely appalled. When I asked for some kind of compensation they said they could give me $100 and that's it. Are they crazy??? What kind of treatment is this? It's nice to know the Bellagio doesn't care about feeding babies!!
1	I booked the Bellagio for a short honeymoon expecting a high-touch hotel with a grand reputation.  Wow, what a disappointment.We check in only to find cleaning supplies in the room.  Nice.  Next morning - no hot water.  Not the way we were expecting to start our first day.  After waiting ~ 10 minutes on hold, front desk had no answers other than the entire west wing was out of hot water, boiler problem, no idea when it would be back. When pushed, they offered to waive the resort fee (the $25/day fee for in room wi-fi).Upon arriving in our room I noticed that our door did not latch/lock properly.  After a 5-10 minute wait on hold again, I asked that it be fixed.  In the meantime, I made sure I always pulled the door closed to ensure it was locked.Day 2-  returned to our room after being gone all day to find that housekeeping wasn't so observant about the non-locking door.  Door was not shut/latched/locked.  Anyone could have entered our room.  Called front desk.  Another 5-10 minute wait on hold.  Asked again for door to be fixed.  Pushed and they offered a $50 credit.  Which did not appear on my bill. Oh, and housekeeping didn't restock the minibar.  I know, a first world problem, but annoying.Day 3 - Door still not fixed.  So we put the privacy sign on the door to avoid problems with housekeeping again.  Housekeeping ignored the sign and came in the room.  Which is unfortuate because we didn't pick up or put things away stupidly assuming they would obey the privacy sign.  Called front desk.  Another 5-10 minute wait.  Front desk was rude.  Wouldn't offer anything this time.  Asked for manager.  Back on hold.  I hung up.  Eventually a manager called us.  They were apologetic.  Did get another discount, but door still not fixed.Day 4 - checkout.  Tried express checkout.  No itemization on TV screen.  But, an itemized bill was e-mailed.  Didn't match the amount on the TV screen.  And no discouns listed.  Had to go to check out counter.  So much for express check out. As mentioned, $50 discount never applied, and other discounts buried in bill so you have to have it explained.  Seems like they're trying to hide something.Sent tweet about poor service.  To which I got a prompt response asking that I e-mail with more detail.  I did.  They did not respond.My advice - there are a lot of high-end hotels/casinos in Las Vegas.  Choose another one.  I highly recommend Encore.  Completely opposite experience.
4	Just returned from a three-night stay . . . Most of the positive things about the Bellagio have been said over and over again. Here's what I love about the Bellagio:There is security at the elevators checking room keys. Might be a little willy-nilly, but just having someone there keeps the riff-raff away. The ever-changing conservatory and botanical garden is always a surprise and amazingly beautiful, aromatic, fun and colorful. In all the years we have been going, we have never seen the same display twice!No crazies at the pool!Casino smoke is not overpowering like other mega resorts. (We've been through them all, and played at most, so we know.)The location is the best on the Strip, a short walk or tram ride to some of the world's best shopping and dining.We have friends who were Bellagio die-hards, but when the newer places opened, they had to try them (Palazzo, Aria, Wynn, Cosmopolitan, etc.) . . . they now have come back to Bellagio and swear they will never stay anywhere else.Words of advice . . . if you are unhappy about something, physically go to the Front Desk, don't just call. A voice on the phone is easy to refuse, but a face-to-face person can't be ignored. Plus, they don't want other people to hear your frustration or complaint, so they are quick to resolve on the spot!
4	Me and my girlfriend were in Vegas just before Labor Day and staying at the Bellagio was something we were looking forward to as we had 3 full days to size it up. Prices for rooms are going to vary widely, of course, but in general, the value for money perception is going to depend more on what you immediately want from your hotel: in short, Bellagio is perfectly placed on the Vegas Strip and is ostentatious about its luxury. The lobby is gorgeous and expansive, with beautiful overhead artwork looking like glossy flower petals, and the balloons behind the receptionist staff is always impressive. I especially loved how the garden is centrally located and, a 1 minute walk from the check-in area, smells fresh and alive with changing displays and landscape architecture. There was a piano bar and many (albeit expensive) options for food around.Be sure to read the fine print about what is defined as "spa services" here. This hotel has a "resort fee" that is similar to other M-Life hotels (MGM, Mandalay Bay, The Mirage to name a few) in that it covers nothing other Wi-Fi, a swimming pool and complimentary boarding pass printouts from the Concierge, and that's it. You must pay $30 a day, a PERSON, to use the spa that has bathrobes and steam rooms, and then of course, if you purchase a massage service or something along those lines, it becomes complimentary. However, after stating our case to the spa people, we both got 3 days complimentarily! So we definitely felt hooked up, but it took some effort.The room itself is beautiful, maybe overhyped as far as space and amenities (for example, you have no way of using the fridge as it is there to merely provide a store for overpriced refreshments), but the view of the fountains, especially at night, is worth it. You will hear "Luck Be a Lady" over and over at night, but the first time you see it will be a true joy only available in Vegas. Another thing you should know about, which applies to Vegas in general, is the extent to which you will need taxis. If you choose to walk and avoid the expense of taxis, your feet will pay for it, and the heat will be an additional burden. Leaving the Bellagio from your hotel room to make it to the next closest hotel, perhaps Caesar's Palace, will take you a full 15 minutes of fast, intentional walking---and that's just LEAVING! Think about that if you like casino-hopping, you *will* pay the price.Other than that, Bellagio will be good to you and if you can secure a good deal, it will be memorable, even if you elect not to stay there again.
5	the fountain at night is a must see!!!my mank (aka my girl) really  enjoyed it.
4	While I wasn't a hotel patron here, I did get to experience their stunning gardens, couture shopping and eye-appealing fountain show. From my walk-through and brief time at Bellagio, I will say that the Bellagio is stunning. But, even with its beautiful aesthetics, I'm not sure if this would be the place I would want to stay while in Vegas. The hotel patrons seem a little stuffy to me. An absolutely gorgeous place to visit. Really cool shopping and food selection. And, of course, there are the Bellagio fountains. I'd rather stay elsewhere on the strip and just pay a day-time visit to the Bellagio.
5	This hotel is still 5 stars in quality, service and the ambiance of the resort. I've stayed here three times and enjoyed everytime!Valet: The valet are always on the top of everything and the bell hop are very friendly and asks if we had anything fragile in our bags that he should be extra careful and that made feel my stuff was taken care of.Front Desk: Welcome back to the Bellagio Mr. ".....". I always feel welcome abd the staff always address the guest by Mr. or Mrs. which is very professional. The lines to check in could be more organized by having velvet ropes to guide the guests. It's was nice to view the courtyard behind the check in desk while waiting to be checked in and the hand blown flower sculptures on the ceiling was very welcoming while listening to piano at the Petrossian Bar.My room was recently renovated except for the bathroom which still has the original fixtures and decor. The room was very clean and has a flat screen tv with the mini bar and armoire. They have charging station in the the office desk for your laptop, cell, and ipad. WiFi here included in the resort fee is very FAST compared to the Mirage.The security in the elevator lobby makes you feel safe and secure because they do room key checks on every guest that walks past them and take it seriously. Next to the elevators is the Tutu store open 24/7 for you basic necessities but food and water is very overpriced but that's Vegas for you.Casino is still the same and remains classy and elegant. Restaurants here are very expensive except for the snack bars, the pool area is a must see with the waterfalls, gardens and mosaics laid our around the pool complex makes it very relaxing. The clientele here is very classy and not your college frat type of crowd. Housekeeping here was excellent especially the turn down service which was a nice touch especially coming home late with everything stocked, clean and the signature Bellagio mints on your bedside table. Not even the Wynn has turndown service!I would come back and stay in Bellagio again despite being an older hotel, it still holds up to being 5 stars compared to Caesars Palace which claim to be 5 but to me are just 4 stars.
2	I was moved twice due to cleanliness of room. Was advised by front desk staff that I will be receiving $100 food and drink comp as well as waived resort fees. I went to double check and verify the next morning. Low and behold there was no notes for the food and drink comp. if promise something either by mouth or by writing, I will hol your feet to the fire on that! Clearly  a multi billion hotel chain can't be this stingy. But they are and after 5 years of coming here continuously with my wife, this will be our last stay. Caesar resorts sound a lot more appealing!
3	Beautiful decor but getting a little old by Vegas standards. The fountains are a big draw, the sports book has free drinks.
1	Went to the Bellagio buffet. It used to be great, but expensive. Now they've cheapened it down - serving average items prepared in a mediocre manner - and it's still expensive. Run away! Better meals are available all over town at cheaper prices.
5	Absolutely gorgeous place.
1	Unfortunately, this has to be the first negative review I've written on Yelp.  I stayed there a few weeks ago on a family vacation.  It's a very beautiful hotel, but they didn't change the sheets between my visit and the last person so I have to ding them since it's such a basic expectation.  Especially when it's so expensive to stay there!  When I went to bed on my first night there, I had the above-bed light on and when I pulled the covers off, there was a big black thread on the sheets.  No big deal, but as I went to brush that off of the bed, I then noticed that there were 3 short beard hairs, bits of what looked like earwax, and a few other black specks of unknown origin.  I probably wouldn't have seen those things if I hadn't had the above bed light on.  The housekeeping manager was apologetic and had the sheets changed, but it was still gross enough that I feel I need to warn people...Maybe this was an out of the ordinary occurrence, but it made me wonder if other people just haven't noticed the condition of the sheets because they didn't happen to look.
4	I am a big fan of The Bellagio and usually stay there a few times per year. About 5 years ago, I would have given this property 5 stars, but I think that they waited a little too long on their remodel.  They finally have most of the rooms updated (e.g. Large TVs, automated curtains,etc.). I just wish that they had come up with a more creative update then copying The Aria's room design.). That being said, it is still a very nice hotel with lots of things to see and do on site.Here are some suggestions for making the most out of your stay:If you buy a soda at Palio, Snacks, Jean Phillipe or Gelato-- save your cup. They usually don't mention it these days, but refills are free any time with a plastic Bellagio cup. If you don't have a Players Card, GET ONE.  Even if you are gambling a small amount you still will qualify for at least some "express comps" and often there are sign up bonuses for new players.   Even mid level players often receive offers for free or discounted rooms. If you want to go clubbing, call their concierge and ask them to put you on the VIP list for almost any club in town. It should save you on admission price and wait time--especially if you are going to a club at any of the MGM properties. Use the free tram at Bellagio to check out Aria and Crystals shopping center.  You also could ride it to Monte Carlo and check out the free Blue Man Group parade-- apparently they march through the casino right before their show. If you want to see O or a show at any MGM property, talk to the Players Club.  If you play at all, the players club can help you reserve a seat in the VIP block for the show. The casino usually blocks certain seats in the first dozen or so rows for players.  If you don't have enough for a comp, then you pay full ticket price but you still get the best seats available. (We sat behind George Lucas and next to Channing Tatum at the Michael Jackson Cirque du Soleil show thanks to the players club at Bellagio!)
5	What another great stay at the Bellagio!  I stayed here the third weekend of August with three of my best friends for a send off before one of my buddies from college headed off for the Navy.  Although I've stayed all along the Vegas strips on my frequent trips, I stayed at the Bellagio the very first time in March of 2012, and based on my first experience, there was no way I was going to pick another hotel to stay in August.The service was second to none--valet service, bell desk was phenomenal.  Check-in was fast, despite the lobby being slightly crowded. I had originally booked the basic room, though the resort was busy, and the check in rep was able to give me an upgraded room, overlooking the gorgeous pool.  The room was again, in excellent shape.  Big rooms, clean, and somewhat close to the elevators (my preference).  Service is all about the Bellagio.  My friends and I were ridiculously drunk, and yet, they met our expectations when it came to room service.  No mistakes, like I've had gone thru with some of the other hotels.  Let me also point out--so my friends and I were getting really drunk before we had plans for the night, and so after taking like 5 shots or so of Gentleman's Jack, we were slightly late in getting to dinner at Paris--Mon Ami Gabi.  The concierge called the restaurant immediately, and didn't have to worry about being late.  Honestly, it's the little things, esp with service, that makes a big difference when staying in a 5-star hotel, like the Bellagio. Their casino floor is pretty nice--classy Vegas looks all around, and the staff on the gaming floor is once again, amazing!   Prompt service--had won a small jackpot, but really didn't have to wait too long for them to bring the forms out to me.The pool is to die for!  Well, to me, it's pretty nice--three or four different pools, quick service once again, and oh yeah, did I mention, cute girls too! hah  Although it was slightly crowded, didn't have any trouble finding chairs--plenty of space.Whenever I return to Vegas, Bellagio will be the hotel I'll be staying at.  Although I am interested in staying at other resorts, such as the Cosmopolitan, Wynn, or Palazzo, I am forever grateful for the effort and high-quality service that the staff provides me.  Again, it's a big A+ in my book!
4	Of all hotels we've stayed at in Las Vegas, Bellagio remains our favorite.  From our first stay here in late 1998 to our visit a few weeks ago there are many things to love. But there are also flaws to keep this well shy of five stars.  Still, our advice would be if you're making your first or only trip to Las Vegas, spring for a room at Bellagio on the fountain side in the Resort Tower (not the Spa Tower), making sure you're on the 17th floor or above in this 36 floor property.  We did this this on our first stay.If you're not interested in seeing the fountain and lights on the strip, a room overlooking the pools (with the same advice about floor location) is also a good choice.  Same rooms with lower rate.  We chose these on the 22nd floor this time.GOOD THINGS:1. AMBIANCE / DESIGN PUBLIC AREAS:  From the breathtaking Dale Chihuly glass sculpture Firori di Como (flowers of Como as in Italy which was original Bellagio owner Steve Wynn's inspiration) on the lobby ceiling to the seasonally changing garden in Bellagio's glass enclosed conservatory to the artful woodwork in public spaces, this is for our money the most beautiful and tastefully restrained of all Las Vegas casino hotels.  We love walking through the shopping plaza and looking up to see glass elements that change seasonally and are suspended overhead.  Public spaces are nicely accessible to folks using wheelchairs or pushing strollers.2. GUEST ROOMS: The 2011, $70M update of the Resort Tower guest rooms was much needed but these have always been some of the best sized rooms on the strip for the price paid.  They are appointed with comfortable chairs, a desk, wifi that is fast (but not free), top end electronics and lighting, the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in at any hotel anywhere and large bathrooms with lovely bath products. 3. GAMING:  Casino is big enough to have all the gaming tables and machines laid out in a way that makes it easy to get to them.  From $10 blackjack tables to high roller rooms, they have it all covered.  4. STAFF:  The valet staff, bell staff and housekeeping staff have always been very helpful and friendly. Same with staff on the casino floor. .5. SECURITY:  Room card keys are checked by security staff before guests enter elevators to the rooms.  Security personnel roam guest room halls in the evenings. 6. LOCATION:  At about mid strip, the location is perfect.  An easy walk up to Wynn or Palazzo or Venetian. Caesars is roughly next door on one side and Cosmpolitan on the other with Paris across the street.  A tram connects Bellagio to City Center shops and to Aria (also owned by MGM as is Bellagio). NEEDS IMPROVEMENT:1. $25 "RESORT FEE PER DAY: Applied to all rooms, hypothetically for wifi and access to the exercise room but is simply a way to up room rates.  2. ACCESSIBILTY ISSUES -  GUEST ROOM LOCATIONS:  Bellagio has not put wheelchair accessible rooms on the best location fountain side of the building even though the  1990 Federal Civil Rights law of ADA requires accessible rooms to be distributed in all locations so people with disabilities can enjoy the same inclusion as do all others.  MGM, Bellagio's owner, has been sued for similar problems at the MGM Grand to result in compliance.  They know better.  But some hospitality entities hold a strategy of waiting to be sued at each hotel property before ADA compliance.   It was a nosebleed for my friend when she needed an accessible fountain side room for her father in law here this year.  Just a "heads up" if you need an ADA compliant room and want fountain view.  However, all rooms and bathrooms have lots of clear floor space for accessibility if you can forego grab bars and seated showering. 3. RESERVATIONS - CHECK IN - POST CHECK OUT PROBLEMS:  All three couples in our party this time had problems making and revising reservations as online systems weren't working,  Neither were the systems when we called to do this by voice.  Check in took a very long time, again due to systems problems.  In each event, the staff involved acted as if they were doing us a favor.  And when my friend discovered after check out that he'd left a piece of luggage in his room, customer service staff was indifferent about helping him.  That luggage was gone for good.THIS N THAT:FOUNTAIN: The music choreographed water fountain in the 8 acre sized lake that fronts Bellagio goes on about 2P every afternoon  at maybe at 30 minute intervals, and the last show is about midnight.   Street level viewing is great and a good place to also watch is from the outdoor patio of Mon Ami Gabi at Paris across the street.JEAN PHIILLIPE:  The main location of this pastry, chocolate and gelato purveyor is at Aria and worth the free tram ride there to indulge. But the smaller location off the Bellagio lobby has many of the same delights. Worth standing in line here to buy them.  The calories consumed in Las Vegas don't count!
5	What am I gonna say..... IT'S THE BELLAGIO MAN!!!This place is swank, glitz, glamour, amazement up the wazoo!!!  If you've never been here, obvious recommendations are to watch the Fountain Show (every 15 min in the evening, every 30 min during the day), check out the garden near the lobby check-in (changes seasonally, so if you go on a slow time of the year, chances are they're changing it then), and the poker room.  Bellagio has NICE rooms.  Very plush, yet firm beds.  Pool is "simple" for Vegas standards.  There are several.  Nothing overly unique.I recommend checking out the poker room (lots of the high limit pro's you see on TV play here), the sports book is pretty awesome, and watch "O" if it's available and not sold out.  Weekend seafood buffet is good, but pricey (like $38/person)
4	Classic. Bellagio is elegant. Sure it has the Italian flare but it is not a theme park like Paris nor is it hip and cool like The Cosmopolitan. The rooms are nice. Four of us stayed in joining rooms with two queen beds. Yep, no full size for Bellagio. All the beds were plush and soooo comfortable. Service was top notch. Sure it's a bit pricey but you do get what you pay for. Just wish it had an indoor pool.
1	Bad experience in 5 starts Bellagio hotel , they gave me twice wrong rooms type , what's a 5 start hotel's service like this ,the customers service like shit and really really bad , I won't come Bellagio anymore even though here have nice water show , that's cant cover they bad service , don't come here , u might get 0 stars service in 5 starts hotel
3	I would like to provide a review of the Bellagio Hotel and Casino.  My last review was on the Aria and I found the Aria an outstanding resort.  My stay at the Aria was July 2012.  The stay at the Bellagio was November 11 to 15, 2012.  I was travelling on business and had a confirmation that needed to be amended.  I tried the 1-877 number on a number of occasions and was never successful getting through.  I arrived at the hotel on the 11th and proceeded to the front desk to check in.  I explained to the checkin lady (Jodi) that I was frustrated with their 1-877 number and she did not care in the least.  She advised that she was going to place me in one of the "newly renovated" rooms.  I obtained the keys and lugged my baggage across the entire casino.  Enter the room on the 16th floor and commenced unpacking.  Part way through I went to enter the bathroom and found the light switch snapped in half.  This meant I could not turn the light on.  I called the front desk and advised them of the issue.  Again I was met with someone that did not care.  She said I would be moved and tried to swap my keys to the new room.  She could not do it so I was told I would have to wait at the room for the bellhop to arrive.  It was at this point that I would have expected a typical Vegas "upgrade" for my troubles.  Instead I was met with person after person that did not care in anyway.  The bellhop arrived and said "I guess I am here to help you move rooms.  I took the keys to the new room and moved myself....I did not see the need to endure his poor attitude why I moved.  They also ensure the move was convenient by making me move to a room on a separate elevator bank.  This meant returning with bags in tow to the lobby then into another bank of elevator and up to the new room.  Once at the new room is was as average as the other.  Simple room with a view of nothing.   The rest of the trip was as I should have expected....packed Casino with very impersonal service.  While I know both resorts are MGM properties let me clearly state...if you want a great experience with friendly service head to the Aria.  If you want to be treated like crap and be just another customer in the land of packed casinos...take the Bellagio.  Aria is 5 stars and the Bellagio needs to be downgraded to a 3 star at best.  Even the cocktails are better at the Aria...
4	Seemed like one of the best of the major casinos I have visited.
4	There is not a lot to write about the Bellagio that you probably don't know. Let's see a short list as to why you go here. 1. It's amazing and beautiful2. Water show outside that is out of this world3. Extremely clean and flashy inside4. Some of the best shows in Vegas5. It's the Bellagio!Enjoy!
4	We took a quick 4 day trip to Vegas over Thanksgiving again this year and decided to stay at the Bellagio.  As a whole, Vegas slows down a bit over Thanksgiving and the weather is usually very nice too making it a fun place to go for a quick trip.  We received an email about 2 months before the trip with room specials so decided to upgrade from the Mirage where we originally booked.  The Bellagio is a very nice place, but also very crowded, even during off-peak times.  Overall we liked the Hotel a lot and would stay there again.  The stylish rooms (non-smoking floors available), comfort of the beds, views of the fountain shows, courtesy of all the staff, hotel location on the strip and food variety were all great.  The down side would be the time it took for us to get our room, over an hour past the 3 pm allowed check in time.  They have late check out, 4 pm for VIPs as well, but do not seem to have the staffing to get the rooms cleaned and turned back over in a timely manner.  There were constant lines in the lobby, at the reception, well into the 7-8 pm hour and with limited seating during the wait.  There seem to always be commotion going in the main lobby almost every time we passed through tons of people smoking.Another observation we made was that the prices for almost everything inside the Bellagio were very expensive.  Much more so than other places we've stayed on the strip.  Prices for items in the mini-bar were silly.....$5, for a small bottle of water, $14 for a one ounce liquor, $5 for soda and mixer on and on.The Bellagio was fun overall and very entertaining.  I didn't feel it was quite a 5 star, but better that 4.  I would give it a 4  1/2 over all.
4	This place is quite good. I've had breakfast here (delicious breakfast burrito and bloody mary), lunch (I think we tried everything on the menu) and numerous cocktails (I recommend the Funky Monkey or whatever the banana colada-type cocktail is called). The service has always been excellent for me and I love that it is on the pool deck and such a convenient spot when I am doing some serious lounging. I really like it here. I'll be back.
2	I honestly think that the Bellagio is highly overrated.  Our room wasn't any more impressive than at MGM or Mandalay Bay, minus the fountain view.  There was a terrible smell at the pool which was, again, not particularly special otherwise.  We were treated very poorly (suspiciously) at the roulette table, and got pretty horrible service and drinks for a ridiculously steep price at the bar by the gambling floor.All the special things about this hotel (fountains, arboretum, Sensi restaurant which is fantastic) can be accessed as a non-guest.  I'd rather stay somewhere else and spend an afternoon at Bellagio.
4	Very nice hotel. Its one of the easier hotels to get in and out of if you don't mind using the Valet. My wife and I think that is has some of the best places to dine on the strip... especially with a nice lake view. (Prime, Olives) What we like most is that it is upscale, but not overly snooty. It really feels like this place is more grown up yet still has places for the younger crowd.
3	The Bellagio needs to work on customer service with its blackjack dealers.  60% of them were bitter and unfriendly and did not even greet you (that means no tips dealers!) 40% of them were great fun despite winning or losing.The beauty of the resort is diminished by the attitude of its employees.
4	Our party stayed elsewhere, but after seeing the updated version of Ocean's Eleven, I had to pay the fountains a visit. In a word, they don't disappoint. Well, that's more than a "word", but you get the point. It is Vegas's best entertainment value. At night time and especially on the weekends, it is very crowded and hard to take pictures, but arguably more beautiful when lit up at night. They have a full time crew driving around the man-made like just making sure the nozzles are properly adjusted. It is really quite the site to see that words do not do justice. Also of note inside the Bellagio are the Botanical Gardens. If you click over on my profile, I did a full review of them separately. As for gambling in the casino, it seems that as an older venue, they don't pump the cigarette smoke out as well as in the new ones, so you've been forewarned. Nonetheless, the casino, gardens and fountains are all worth checking out if you make it to the strip. There's also free parking in their spacious garage which can be found to the left of the main entrance and up the ramp.
2	I used to stay here when it was Wynn owned and operated and things have changed for the worse.  The service and food options are just bad.  My experience was so sub par that I packed my bags and headed to the Wynn to finish my stay which turned out to be a great choice.  Great service and great food here.
5	The best hotel ever! And I spend half my life at hotels...
3	Disappointing birthday bash. The sheets were muslin!  I couldn't believe it. They were very greedy-$25 resort fee plus $3 tax on the resort fee-and I could not log on with my Ipad, Iphone or Nook reading tablet. What a bummer. Housekeeping stunk, dirty glass was left with someone's lipstick (not mine) and a long black hair was in my bed, also not mine. They comped me 1 night for the aggravation. Lovely hotel is not maintaining.
4	Wonderful staff, really clean rooms and a great casino...  Really the only downside was having our six year old along for the ride.  Not as kid friendly as Mandalay Bay.  Would be perfect otherwise :)
5	Love the rooms here, beautifully appointed rooms with great view.  Prime is very good, with so many high end shops in the hotel you never have to go outside... Well the fountain show is better viewed at night so it is recommended to go out for that at least.
4	Somewhere in a 3 and a 4 star review!We decided to be fancy even though we're pretty non-fancy, since this is our first "family" vacay. It's definitely fancy. Our room bathroom is huge, with a fancy-shmancy glass shower and even a full size tub! The room itself has a king size bed with tons of pillows, which are obviously shows how fancy we are. (Can I use fancy more times? Probably. But I think this is enough.) No complaints about the room itself. There's even a digital scale inside the room if you want to make sure that the constant buffet dining isn't killing your waistline! (Ours was hiding underneath the counter--didn't notice it until day 3, so not sure how it compares to the scale # at home).The housekeeper assigned to our room is like a stealth ninja--we leave for a few hours, and come back to a room that looks exactly the same but cleaner. How she cleans without moving our stuff? Not sure, but the room has been spotless our entire trip.Amenities:-The mini-bar and mini-snack-bar are ridiculously overpriced and way too tempting at 4am. But I guess if you have more money than us, it's super convenient.-The hotel room is super super super far from the lobby. And you have to walk through all the tourists in the conservatory/lobby to get there. At 4AM, it's maybe a 5 minute walk from lobby to room. At 10pm, it can take up to 20 mins because the group of 50 people in front of you are going at 1 mile per hour because they're taking pictures of the ceiling for no apparent reason.-The gym is really nice and equipped with all the latest cardio and weight training equipment (no squat rack but they have a huge set of nice dumbells). Unfortunately, you have to walk through crowds of people to get there, so if you're self conscious, you might not want to go. Protip: the gym is inside the spa and is only open during the day, not 24h.-There is a heated outdoor pool (yes! I know it's December! But we're from Boston and it's kind of warm-ish here and also, pool! How can you NOT go to a pool when it's there waiting for you?!?!) but only 1 pool and 2 hot tubs were open and they were on the opposite side of the courtyard from our hotel room. This was only a problem because it's the middle of winter and our feet got cold when we walked over. They have a full time lifeguard, which was silly because the pool that was open is only 3 ft deep and it would be embarassing if you needed saving there.The entire hotel (casino, lobby, walking into the lobby, etc) is extremely crowded all day and most of the night. This is worse than any of the other hotels I've stayed at or have been to in Vegas. This also means that all the hotel restaurants have 2+ hour waits during peak times, so if you are lazy like us and don't like to leave the hotel, make reservations before your trip or stay somewhere else.Get a mlife rewards card and link it to you room--you get points for your room stay which you can use for discounts at the restaurants.I almost want to dock a star because the front desk called us around 8AM (who gets up at 8AM in Vegas?!!?!) because apparently there was a leak below and wanted to make sure it wasn't coming from our room. It wasn't. We went back to bed but 8 AM! On the other hand, for the people below us who had the leak, I guess it's awesome that the hotel tried to solve it ASAP.Overall? Great hotel, but super tourist-packed so probably not the most convenient to stay at!
5	The water show and the Christmas courtyard display of characters made out of flowers makes it magical.
5	This was the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in in my life! Granted it was my bachelorette party and my MOH decided it would be fun to get the penthouse suite overlooking the strip!Our room was in the center of the Bellagio, so when you first walked in you were blown away with a wall to wall window showcasing the strip and the fountains. There were 3 1/2 bathrooms, 3 beds, a sauna, a huge jetted tub, walk in closets, a wet bar, built in speaker system, living room, dinning room, and amazing service. Let me tell you, this hotel "room" was bigger than my apartment and I am NOT rich by any means so this was quite the treat for me and my girls. Other than the room, service was great, all the restaurants we ate at in the hotel were great, and I really felt like I could just stay at Bellagio and never leave. Usually when I go to Vegas I want to go all over the place, but here everything and anything you would want or want to do was there. If I had the money I would totally do it again!
4	Stay there for 1 night. Hotel was great. Clean and nice. And, yep!~free wifi!~
3	I and my girlfriend stayed at the Bellagio hotel during December 25th, so this may have been a factor to consider when reading this review. We booked a room through Expedia. I will start with the good things: The room was very comfortable. That means the bed was very comfortable, the shower (we didn't have a bath) was nice, and the minibar was well equipped.  Also, HD TV with convenient inputs if you want to bring your own equipment like Ipad (just bring a connector). The view from the window was not impressive (i.e. not the water show direction). The bad: it took us 30 minutes to find parking. I should note that parking is free and probably other hotels in the stip face the same problems during peak hours because many people (not hotel guests) use the parking for visiting the casino. Also, you can always use valet parking if you wish.  The way from the parking to the hotel was tedious. Generally it feels like walking in a busy shopping mall with your suitcases. Not a feel of a luxury hotel. There are many pedestrians tourists coming in to the Bellagio to see the water show and inside to walk around. This is part of the experience of the strip, I guess. However, this makes the place be less elegant and more like a zoo. The front desk is located within this chaos and the clerk at the desk was pretty cold to us. But I could understand that she was very tired herself from all the noise around. At the check in we were also informed that we will pay another $28 dollar per day for a "resort fee". I think Expedia should inform clients about this fee when booking because it is a serious addition to the price. I also know Priceline does not inform about this fee. This is common to other hotels and you will not know the fee until you know the hotel. During my time of visit there was not much a "resort" feeling because the only free thing we used was the internet (which btw worked great). However, It was too cold to use the outdoor pool (we didn't see anyone using it and it may have been closed- not sure). The water show which I heard so much about before I came was also not such a big attraction in my opinion. Yes, if you pass by you should stop by and watch but don't book a room at the Bellagio for this reason. Just stop by like most others.  Generally, some people may be impressed from the indoor decorations. If you come from Europe you will probably not be impressed at all.  The Bellagio is more a pretentious hotel, not schick.  This is my opinion- many people will probably disagree with me. Many others will say this is Las Vegas. But I have seen much classier lobbies and casinos in Las Vegas during my visit. From my walking around I prefer the Aria or Encore lobby, for example.
3	A/C didnt work that well...was kinda warm throughout the night..Air vent in the window was taped shut which was odd... they used white duct tape  go figure.. not sure why they did this...Vending machine on 4th floor had super stale starbursts... Maybe it was because no one buys the $2 starburst... Hard as rock.......But my brothers room on the 36th floor was great...Probably just a one off..... Still a nice hotel.. just not a good room this time...
3	***This is a pretty big Las Vegas hotel gift shop (in Bellagio); you will find touristy stuff, toiletries, snacks, sweets, and refreshments; they currently have a special where you can get any 3 bottled waters for $10, which gives you a sense of the high prices here; service was good and personal***Like most Las Vegas hotels on The Strip, Bellagio offers both free valet and self parking.
5	After living in Las Vegas for 3 years I am always reluctant to go back and spend more time there, however when I am staying at the Bellagio I don't mind so much :)There are a million reviews for this place so I shall keep it short and sweet.My room was beautiful and the attention to detail was outstanding. It is a huge hotel yet room service requests were always fast and the staff were very polite. Lake (Las Vegas Blvd) facing rooms are the best as you can watch the fountains from your own armchair and the music can be tuned in through your television. Amazing mattress and dreamy pillows, I could have slept forever! Fantastic bathroom with deep tub and separate shower which (if your heart desired) could fit about 15 people. Breakfast in bed was a treat and the butter stamped with a 'B' impressed me more than it should have!The casino, the pool and the grounds are well maintained and the location of the hotel on the strip is perfect. Just beware there is a lot of walking involved, it's a big place!Room Tip: Pay a little extra and get a lake facing room for a front row seat to every fountain show!
2	We recently spent a couple of nights at this hotel, and took along a dozen of my wife's relatives. Checking in was a total hassle, took me 4 trips to the counter to get all the rooms, even though they were all on my credit card, they did not trust me and had to see the id of each guest. This hotel was very crowded (it was the Christmas week), and the staff were totally overwhelmed. I had to wait for half an hour for coffee (none in the rooms), and then pay $6 for a poor tasting latte. The buffet is normally under $20, but the holiday special was 35.99, and we had to wait for over an hour to get in. Food was ok, but not 36 bucks (plus $70 gratuity, at a buffet?) each for 12 of us, grand total of $544 for 12 lunches. Went to the Noodles for dinner one night with 12 and was seated at a table for 8, where we waited for 30 minutes to order, then another 30 to get the food.  If your idea of fun is Costco at noon after payday, this is the place for you, otherwise, spend your money elsewhere.
5	One of the best hotels I've ever been too! The best hotel on the Strip - highly recommend!World-famous fountains in front - don't hesitate to visit :) AND! to stay there more than 1-2 songs because songs are changing all the time :)Visit Cirque Du Soleil show! #1 from the MUST DO list.
4	***Bellagio has many iconic Las Vegas elements like the fountains, their seasonal gardens, the popular Cirque du Soleil show O, and high-end cuisine; these features make Bellagio a must visit to at least just take a look; however (on my visit), my room was not as nice as other upscale hotels I have stayed at on The Strip***When I first visited Las Vegas a long time ago, Bellagio was the most talked about hotel and the most upscale hotel (or at least near the top) on The Strip.  Since then, there have been many new hotels that have joined The Strip and some as elegant or even more elegant than Bellagio.Bellagio definitely has a beautiful exterior with the impressive and vast lake as well as the signature fountains.  Inside, you will find the Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens--a constantly changing (with the seasons) exhibit that makes for a good photo opportunity.  Bellagio also features quite a few notable fine dining spots including Picasso, Le Cirque and Michael Mina.  There is also a gourmet French patisserie (Jean Philippe) though all of these great things are open to the public and do not require a room stay, which is expensive though often less expensive than The Cosmopolitan, Wynn or Encore.My room was nice.  It was fairly contemporary though there were a lot of traditional touches with the bedding and furniture.  The room did lack the sleek and modern look of the rooms at Aria.The bathroom was nice--very spacious with standalone showers and bath tubs.  There were a few areas where the room could have been better.  The TV was an old fashioned deep TV and not a flat screen.  I often never turn on a hotel room TV though I imagine some would be disappointed to find such an outdated TV in an upscale hotel like Bellagio.The other negative, which was a big one, was the room temperature.  The A/C unit was not that good and even after having maintenance look at it, the room just never got cool enough, which can be a concern here due to the very hot summers.  It seems other Yelp reviews indicate the same issue regarding poor A/C units.  However, I believe Bellagio has been refreshing the decor in their rooms so maybe these outdated elements and poor A/C units have been (or will be) improved (I think they have moved onto flat screen TVs).Also included in the stay was access to the fitness center, which was nice.  The pool area was also nice--many different pools and lots of greens, fountains and other scenery if you are just looking to lounge around.Service was friendly and prompt.Room rates are high at Bellagio, but there are times of the year where you can find reasonable room rates.  Bellagio has a room rate calendar on their website, which makes for a useful tool to help you pick a time to stay at Bellagio (best room rates are often during the week though and several top Vegas shows are dark and high end restaurants are closed in the early part of the week).I wished I liked my room more at Bellagio.  I actually liked Caesars Palace more.  I have heard the quality of the room really varies at which tower you stay at Caesars Palace, but the room I had there felt nicer, more elegant and more comfortable than Bellagio.  And even though my first stay at Aria was at a very small room, my second stay there was at a much bigger room and its modern and sleek look felt more upscale than Bellagio.If you can get a good room rate at Bellagio though, it can be a good hotel choice on The Strip.  It is still a nice hotel and it has a great location--right next to Caesars Palace and The Cosmopolitan, which is a real hot spot right now.  Even if you do not stay at Bellagio, it is a must visit for first time Las Vegas travelers to check out the Fountains of Bellagio, the Bellagio Conservatory & Botanical Gardens and some of their food (either a more cost friendly option like Jean Philippe or one of their upscale restaurants like the good-for-Vegas Picasso).Like most Las Vegas hotels on The Strip, Bellagio offers both free valet and self parking.
5	Absolutely gorgeous hotel. Home of the O (so of course it's great, or vice versa). Tons of high end stores inside the hotel (Chanel, Dior, and the like). Great for pictures. Okay slot machines that give and take. Will definitely need to stay here next time!
4	First time staying here and I had a great time. The hotel inside and out is beautiful. The rooms are kind of old style and you can tell it's an older hotel, especially when you compare it to the new rooms at Aria. The room was still very nice and we had a beautiful view of the strip and the pools. We went to the buffet there and it was really good, we actually went in at the brunch price and then were there long enough to try some of the dinner selection too. My only complaint, and it's not that bad, was that after the club one night we wanted to get room service and it was an 60-90 minute wait. Me & my friends just decided to forget it and just passed out instead.
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing!First time staying at Bellagio and it definitely lives up to expectations.  We arrive around 11 and were able to check in early. This is a definite plus!Our room was super neat and clean. The restroom has a shower and an amazing looking bathtub.  Ample closet space, a flat screen, and drawers for storage.The best and most unexpected part? The amazing music they play throughout the hotel! 90s pop and r&b, how awesome is that!? Hello NSync, Craig David, and Jesse McCartney :)
5	Awesome hotel!  When we can afford it, Bellagio is our favorite hotel to stay at in Las Vegas.  Make sure to book a room with a lake view.  It is truly a treat to watch the fountains of Bellagio from your room.  Just tune the tv channel to the music of the water show, and enjoy listening and watching the amazing sight right outside your window.The room itself is immaculate, and the bed is very comfortable.  I have absolutely no complaints about the rooms or service here.  Make sure to go swimming because their pools are terrific.  We have even ended up winning during our stays here.  My only complaint is that their buffet should taste better for the price it costs.Overall, I highly recommend staying here if it fits within your budget.  They are located at the heart of the strip, and convenient walking distance to other locales.
3	We went for the buffet. It was good. I just dont get what the hype is about. They a wide selection for decent food but the prices are too high for what you get
5	To be honest at first I didn't want to stay here as it seemed like it might be a bit 'tacky' but after being recommended by a few good friends we decided to book in as part of our US trip for 3 nights.How wrong I was! Upon entering the driveway it was just 'wow' all of the way. The reception was massive and they had plenty of staff ready to book you in. The only one downside was that we had to go into a smoking room which did have some smell left to it but was gone in a matter of hours and reception did tell us we could change later that afternoon if it was still bad.The room was very spacious and the bathroom was huge. The resort is massive and trust me it will take you some time to explore. The gym had a great setup and has plenty of equipment- no waiting like at the gym back home!We gave the buffet a go and just like everyone said it's a must visit. They make just about anything there and have heaps of options to choose from.All up well worth the stay and couldn't believe the price compared to other hotels in the USA.ps. the blinds in the room operate by a switch - we spent a while trying to force them open haha!
5	Hard to go wrong with the Bellagio! Our room has a view of the fountain show every 20 minutes. The bellman had our bags here in less than 5 minutes after we called! We can't even figure how he got through the casino that fast! Staff  is well trained and courteous. Everything here is hi quality Nd better than expected. Everything in life should be this good! 5 star all the way!
5	nothing bad to say about it, just over crowed but thats a compliment because everyone wants to be here. great buffet, good table games min bets are average unlike the aria hotel an casino. cocktail waitress can be seen an flagged down.
5	I went to Las Vegas July 6 - 8, 2012, and stayed at the Bellagio. This was my very first Vegas trip and let me tell you, the Bellagio exceeded my expectations! The check-in/check-out process was incredibly easy and the staff is very friendly and helpful. We had absolutely no trouble with our luggage - a bellman helped us immediately and took care of our luggage until our room was ready. After we got to the room, it was only 10 minutes until our luggage arrived! From the minute you are on the Bellagio property, you can tell that you are in for a special stay. The landscaping, the fountains (AMAZING!), the lobby, the Conservatory ... they're all over-the-top and beautiful. Not to mention the location of the Bellagio is ideal - right in the heart of the Strip and close to many attractions and amazing restaurants! Check out the tram, it's a great way to get to other properties quickly and it's free. I'm not a big gambler, but they do have a nice casino that isn't too smokey. Drinks are pricey - $15 for a RedBull/vodka - but that's expected. The Buffet at the Bellagio is amazing, but be ready to wait in a super long line. Luckily we got to bypass the line because a member of our party is an MLife member, but I would think the line was worth the wait. The pools are beautiful! Get there early to make sure you get a chair. I liked the pool mostly because people did their own thing, no one was overly obnoxious and it's not a 'party' pool. There are at least 4 different pools to choose from, as well as a hot tub (not necessary!!) and cabanas. We had a basic room on the 27th floor and it was beautiful! The linens are exquisite, the bathroom roomy and the views - amazing! The beds are some of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept on. I didn't want to move! They also have a safe in the room, which is very convenient. My only complaint is that the toilet is incredibly loud. I know that sounds silly, but when you flush in the middle of the night or early morning you are sure to wake your friends/family. But, that's a minor complaint. We received fresh clean towels several times each day, the room was very clean and we had plenty of space for the three of us. All-in-all, my 2 night stay at the Bellagio was simply amazing. I cannot wait to go back!
1	No, it's not worth it! Bellagio overcharged me and their accounting department never got back to me (I asked them for an itemized receipt 2 weeks ago). When I called them, I was (twice!) put on this music-less "dead" hold for 30-40 minutes. They're so full of themselves, they don't provide good customer service. Their wi-fi needed fixing when I stayed there. And by the way, the woman at the buffet was super rude to me. Finally, the famous waterworks never happened while I was standing outside in the cold waiting (though i asked the staff and they said they're up and running). No, don't waste your money! I won't and won't let my family and friends do that either.
4	This is one of the best casinos and hotels on the strip.  The building is impressive and beautiful.  The hotel rooms are nicely appointed and comfortable.  The service is excellent and they often remember guests by name.  They provide a truly excellent experience at this establishment.
4	One of the better high limits rooms that I have been to in Vegas.  The staff was friendly and the drinks were strong.
3	We're in one of the penthouse suites for 5 days and so far we have had several issues with the thermostat, tv/sound system, and food quality from room service.  And today is the 3rd day.The suite is beautiful, but the overall experiences leaves something to be desired. I did like the his and hers separate dressing areas and bathrooms, although having to leave one dressing area to go across to the other to shower was a bit odd.  But the oversized jacuzzi tub on my side is a nice touch
5	Always a great experience here.  The rooms are always great, the bed was ridiculously comfortable, maybe that's the alcohol helping?  But seriously I had a couple good nights of sleep after some serious partying.  Another great part of staying here is the location, we were comfortable walking to a few other adjoining casinos.  The shops, food, and club in Bellagio could be all I need however.  A one stop place for fun and a great vacation.
1	This used to be one of the BEST hotel/casino resorts in Vegas period!  Now, not so much......the staff is rude and lacking people skills for sure.  If you like to play slots and have a few drinks then bring a flask because at all times of the day you can't find a waitress anywhere.  I know it's "Vegas" but you'd think with the amount of people who flock here you'd try to be more customer friendly.The room was not up to par for most standards.  If you book a smoking room try to put more then one ashtray in it.  The most disgusting thing is that my girlfriend found a USED CONDOM WRAPPER IN THE NIGHTSTAND DRAWER ON THE BIBLE!!!!Yes that is not a misprint, a condom wrapper in the drawer!!!  Now I'm not a prude or stupid, I know people are having sex in the rooms in Vegas but it would be nice if the housekeeping staff would try a little harder to clean up the rooms before the next guest checks in.  I was really afraid to look under the bed or in any other drawers and since it was one of the only smoking rooms left we did not ask to be moved but rather just kept all our stuff in the suitcase and away from the furniture.I am a VIP with the MGM properties and I can assure you that this hotel is off our list of places to stay when we come to town.
1	okay, i want to start by saying that i was dressed like a champ and had no money. my two friends however, had a couple dozen K  on them and were dressed "okay". we were treated like shit almost everywhere we went in this casino because of that. Michael Mina was an outstanding place though. if you're hungry and love wine, go there!
5	I've been coming to Vegas since I was age 4 but this was my first time staying at the Bellagio.From the time we checked in, service was first class all the way.  Of course, it didn't hurt that we got bumped to a suite, on the house.The suite is what I dream my master bedroom looked like.  The drapes are all automatic.  We had a view overlooking the fountains and there was a T.V. channel set to whatever music the fountain show was playing, so that we could watch in tune.  The bathroom even had a bidet.Our trip was magical and customer service was top notch.  The room service is perhaps the fast, speediest room service I have ever experienced.  Within 20 minutes of ordering my food, it was at my door. I am now officially a fan!!
4	We didn't stay here, but spent a lot of our time in Vegas inside the Bellagio. The gardens are breathtaking, wow! Overall, the hotel has been kept up well and is pleasant to walk around. Many nice eateries, a pretty good buffet, breathtaking glass ceiling in the lobby, and even a tram to Aria and City Center now.
5	Fabulous. I've been here at least ten times and it never ceases to amaze me. The service is great. The food is great. The casino is clean and nice. The rooms are spacious. The location is great. It's always my first choice when it comes to Vegas.
5	Bellagio is beautiful and has a little something for everyone, from dining to gambling to art and entertainment.
4	The fountains are what its all about! Not only is the water show something you should witness, but there is a chocolate fountain inside the Bellagio, which is every chocolate lover's dream. The Jean-Philippe pastries & chocolates is a hidden gem within the hotel. The almond croissant is worth every penny! The shops are impressive. The casino is pretty big, but I didn't like the atmosphere. The lobby ceiling has all murano glass & is centrally located along the Strip. We saw the water show at night, all lit up & was a sight to see.
3	We've stayed here three weekends ago and we were stoked about getting a high-end stay and at really good rate. When I was younger, I've envisioned staying at one of these hotels to be like a vintage palace but only to find that wasn't the case.The rooms were just okay and it was just a standard room.  Really, I was holding my breath before opening the doors thinking yes! a high ballers dream stay! when we opened the doors and turn the lights on then I thought hmmm...similar room like TI's but just slightly above average from that.We had the fountain view room which was cool, you get a good clear view of the fountain along with the music playing when you have it at a certain channel though your TV. The bed comfort level was okay, spacious bath with tub, decent closet space and of course a flat screen tv.The biggest cons that bothered us was the room temperature! We set the room control temperature at the lowest setting but we ended up with a not so good night sleep man, we had a warm night! I had to do away those comforters.The casino level is in decent size, the club atmosphere that friday night was bumping with hoochie mamas waiting to get in The Bank (Club). Next morning only to find no more hoochie mamas but many golfer types and football fanatics during that Super Bowl weekend who were looking to eat or gamble.Maybe I'm just spoiled from staying at many different hotels, hip, vintage,boutiques, motels you name it, but to pay for a high rate here for me, nah! I'm just glad we stayed here it did satisfied my curiosity and there goes one for my list of collection hotel stays in the Vegas Strip.
5	THEY'VE JUST RE-DONE THEIR ROOMS, Y'ALLI came out October 2012 for a conference hosted by a firm I used to work for.  I don't know why they re-decorated because I don't remember being unimpressed the first time, I just remember being EXTRA impressed the last time I was there.  I stayed in a regular room but I got to see my boss's suite - I still dream about it.  Separate dining room for 10 or 12, a tiny kitchen devoted to THE BAR: literally, full-size liquor bottles on glass shelves up to the ceiling, huge bedrooms, luxuriously appointed bathrooms, seriously the suite is bigger than my entire apartment.  The regular room is gorgeous too. All new, swanky-as-hell interior in lavish colors like royal purple, teal blue and chrome - together.  (I was an interior design maj for 2 semesters in college and I was freaking out by the new decor.)Their room service is delicious.  I've had all three meals of the day using room service but the one I most recommend is breakfast: the nutella french toast.  I don't care if you are going to the pool that day, you have to do it.  Takes 2 days for your body to figure out what you've eaten anyway, right?Have fun, party animals!!
5	On my first ever visit to Vegas our first night was at the Bellagio.  What a wonderful first night in Vegas.  An exceptional hotel from all aspects.  The hotel amenities, the rooms, the fountains, and the conservatory.  A truly wonderful hotel on the strip.  The room was gorgeous, two queen size beds, a ginormous world class bathroom with a bathtub, separate standing shower, double vanity with sinks, flat screen TV, black out curtains worked by remote control, and not to mention the overpriced mini fridge and snack area for those who don't care about price.We didn't end up dining here so I can't speak to that.  We did a little slot gambling that was enjoyable, lots of slot options which is always nice.I think next time we go to Vegas I think we're splurging on the Bellagio for the entire trip because honestly one you go Bellagio no other hotel can compare.  Bellagio - I think you have ruined me from all other Vegas hotels.  Thanks a lot!
4	Well, I did enjoy my stay at the Bellagio.  The room was nice, and there were many really good restaurants to eat at.  I enjoyed the water show from both the hotel side and the street side.  We had arrived the day that there was a shooting on the strip between a Maserati and a Range Rover, which ended in the Maserati running into a cab and killing the driver and the passengers, plus the driver of the Maserati.  This tragedy shut down the strip, so when we arrived we ended up getting dropped off at a corner and luging our luggage down the strip ourselves.  A small inconvenience given the tragedy.  So, this perspective also reminded me that I won't sweat the small stuff.  We had a mountain view and it was a little noisy, due to traffic noise from the freeway.  But my overarching feeling, is that  the Bellagio was a great place to stay.
5	I really like the Bellagio.  I loved our room and the fluffy robes and comfy beds.  There is a plethora of places to shop, eat, lounge and of course, gamble.  It is also gorgeous with it's famous glass ceiling, gardens and fountains.  What is great about these casinos is that even if you are not staying at the property, anyone can enjoy what they have to offer and the Bellagio is one of my favorite places to go even when I am not sleeping there.  My husband was a fan of their Poker room and it ended up being one of his favorite spots to spend 2 hours and $300.
4	So busy but SO OPULENT!  I don't know I'll be able to do Vegas anywhere but the Bellagio.
4	This is a really pretty hotel. Lots of restaurants, decent size casino, great shops, pretty pool area, amazing decor that changes seasonally. Only thing is that I wish they had at least one restaurant that had cheaper choices. Even their cafe was really expensive, when you'd think a cafe would be on the cheaper side. The service was great, and the rooms are really nice and well equipped. My big complaint is that they didn't provide a fridge, only a mini bar fridge that has weight sensors so you can't move anything around because you'll get charged if you pick anything up. So if you want to store things that require refrigeration, you can have them put a mini fridge in your room for an extra $35 a day. No thank you!On a happy note, we really enjoyed our stay at the Bellagio and I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Vegas. It's almost right in the middle of the strip which meant we could walk easily to all the different places knowing that our walk back to the hotel wouldn't be a stretch.
5	As I was waiting in line a girl came by and asked if I was checking in and suggested I go to the next line which was shorter. Andrea at front desk checked us in. Friendly and very accomodating as I requested a room near elevator, no problem. Explained everything and asked if there was any other requests. Very easy process.Found the elevators pretty fast, easy to navigate around this hotel. You need to show your room key to get access to the elevators. About six rooms away from the elevators, not bad considering how looooong the hallway seemed.Room was exactly what we asked for, 2 queen beds and non smoking. Nice big bathtub for soaking!Check out was easy enough just did it on the tv. Only thing I didn't receive an email copy of the room bill. But everything was okay on the tv so all good.We already booked a room again! C ya in April!
2	Started out underwhelmed after a 30+ minute check-in and it went downhill after that. We found the staff to be not quite rude but definitely sub-par for a supposedly top rated hotel. The maid broke my friend's iPad and tried to hide it. We made the mistake of eating breakfast at the buffet. In a word, awful and not cheap ($30 a head). Other incidents too numerous to mention made this place a 'never again'.
5	This is my second stay at the Bellagio, and my review is the same, it was amazing!! I came for a weekend with my girlfriends, and everything was so wonderful. Accomodating staff, quick and efficient room service, gorgeous rooms, and so much to do! The beds were really comfortable, it was extremely spacious, and the bathroom could hold me and 2 other girls all doing our makeup at the same time. The Cafe was delicious, as was their restaurant Yellowtail. Tried out the Hyde, which was good with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains, but I have to say, the Bank is an overall better experience for dancing. The hotel even held onto our luggage so we could look around before heading to the airport!
5	I've been to Las Vegas countless times, but this was my first time staying at the Bellagio. Rest assured, it won't be my last. The facility itself is simply gorgeous. The location is centralized, within walking distance to many other hotels/shopping/dining. The Staff provided superior treatment to me throughout my stay, which really made me feel like a valued guest. Unfortunately, I was only in Vegas for 2 nights [for a girls' trip/birthday], so I did not have the opportunity to explore the Hotel as I would have liked. My other friends stayed across the street at the Paris Hotel, but I insisted on the Bellagio...and boy, am I glad I did. Every little detail-i.e.,the room, casino, etc.-far exceeded any other premium hotels on the Strip. The Hotel is huge and has many amenities. I look forward to discovering everything it has to offer on my next trip [preferably in the summer, so I can enjoy the luxurious pool area] as I will be certain to book the Bellagio again.
5	Having stayed at both the Wynn and Encore, Bellagio is ranked below both of these fine 5 Star hotels but I blame the MGM Corporation for reinventing Bellagio from an upscale hotel to just another hip resort. They will never have the vision the same way Steve Wynn did when he built and designed the Bellagio but it will always be famous on the Las Vegas strip.My Mom received a deluxe comp room for 3 nights and so we couldn't pass it up and booked right away as a mother and son trip. What I like about the Bellagio:+Updated rooms+Center Strip location being close to (Cosmopolitan, Caesars Palace, City Center,                      Planet Hollywood, Flamingo, Ballys, Paris and Mirage)+Crowded casino with lots of action+Bellagio Fountains+The Conservatory (Open 24/7)+Connected to Aria and Monte Carlo+The Buffet+Excellent Customer Service from all the staff from the valet, bellman, housekeeping, front desk, pool staff and the drink waitresses (Hit or Miss).+Free and fast wifi included with the comp room+Architecture, Landscaping and Italian marble flooring all over the property. What I dislike about the Bellagio:-Hookers all over the casino and lobby but that's in all over the strip hotels-High priced 24/7 cafe-The long walk from your hotel room to the strip (15 minutes)Would I stay here again? Yes I definitely would stay here again!
2	Spent 3 nights at the Bellagio in March 2013 with a colleague.   Watch the fountains but stay elsewhere.  Long lines to check in, talk to a concierge, eat in the cafe, etc.  Sheets and towels in our room smelled strongly of ammonia bleach. The bottom sheet on my bed had multiple patches and was scratchy.  The pool area is nice if you can manage to avoid the cigar-smokers.  While the staff people with whom we spoke were uniformly helpful and pleasant, the operation itself gives the impression of a  huge, impersonal mill. Never again for this traveler.  Maybe it was a great place once but it has deteriorated.
5	Newer luxury hotels have arrived but Bellagio is still at the top of the list for me. I think that's a testament to how great the place is. I love its central location. The foundations are so beautiful at night. The rooms are pretty nice. And I love the Tuscan theme. The croissants at the cafe are spectacular.
3	You know, this breaks my heart to give Bellagio 3 stars.  Its the BELLAGIO for crying out loud.Beautiful hotel, really great rooms, centrally located.  There are some things that are not so good ....The lobby is chaos.  The have a terrible mess with incoming traffic and the check in desk.  The desk is in a terrible place.  No flow.Secondly, we didnt know that this hotel had a tram access from city center.  This creates a HUGE amount of foot traffic everywhere.  Next time we visit, we will be staying in a hotel that does NOT have a monorail access.  Its just too busy.
4	There are few places that intimidate me and the Bellagio is one of them. This place is HUGE: the casino, fountains, botanical gardens, art galleries, shopping, fine dining, EVERYTHING. Great location in the middle of the strip.Nightlife: I went to the Bank and I had a great time me. It's about 8,000 sq ft and you get preferred entry if you stay at the hotel.  From what I remember they played top 40s and as it moved into the evening they played Hip-Hop & Reggae. Beautiful people everywhere.Olives: Fancy birthday dinner for a friend right in front of the famous bellagio foundation. Good food, great service. $$$$when in Vegas you have to do it right :)
5	LOVE the Bellagio! I've stayed at the Bellagio more than half a dozen times, and it remains my favorie hotel in LV!  Much better than The Wynn.  Perfect location mid-strip. I love the Spa Tower.  All of the rooms are renovated and beautiful.
3	This is my 3rd stay at the Bellagio. I really like this hotel and my mother is a gold member so they treat her well. However, this time we had some complications with checking in. Coming from Toronto, we got there very early (3 hour time change) so we didn't expect for a room to be ready. Also we had reserved 2 rooms for that night then we were adding another one the next day. They informed us that they will call our cell when the rooms were ready. The rooms we got were both DIRTY! Crubs on the floor, garbage left in the garbage bins and the washroom had hair on the floor. SO unexpected from the Bellagio. My mother was quite disappointed especially that it was already after 3pm and we have been up the whole night from our flight. The hotel was "fully reserved" but they "upgraded" us (not really an upgrade) to the view of the fountains. Same room just different wing. I will admit the view is spectacular from the rooms, better than any restaurant view. I expected a little more from Bellagio in terms of customer service. They had 2 boxes of chocolate truffles sent the following day.The hotel is always busy, but not extremely crazy busy like some other hotels. The restaurants and bars are great. The cleaning is a little lacking, since I found garbage left in the bathroom bin in my room. I don't know if the cleaning staff just rushes through and forgets to clean that part often?The wifi kind of sucks, was going on and off.Will come back because my parents are a big fan.
2	Didn't replenish toiletries; did not think it was 4 star rating.
4	The standard rooms are fancy but I don't think it merits the 5 star price tag. However, the pool is extremely nice and I believe it's only open to guests of the hotel so that (and other amenities I haven't used) might make it worthy of the $$$$. The casino itself is pretty classy too! The decorations are nice and my family loves going to the botanical gardens, which change with the seasons.
4	Had breakfast at the pool cafe, similar to Cafe Bellagio, the way the staff treats you is well worth the price premium you might experience at another resort cafe.For starters I had the Oatmeal, which came with a side of brown sugar and milk on a separate dish.  Normally I wouldn't bother to ask for additional compliments but since they were included without asking, I thought that was a big plus!For the main course I had the Belgian waffle which came with a side of cinnamon butter, I really felt that butter enhanced the waffle and I had to do my best to pace myself and not devour it in 4 bites!While I can't find myself making a special trip just to come to this cafe, I have peace of mind knowing that if I'm in the area and hungry and the cafe inside is full, I have a solid option available at the pool!
5	We stayed in one of the penthouses and I LOVED LOVED LOVED IT!!!!!! The service was AMAZING!!!! The place was super clean and I felt special staying there. The penthouse guests have their own set of elevators, a private lounge with complimentary drinks, wine, coffee and snacks. Room service was fantastic and fast!!! Every time I picked up the phone to call a department they greeted me by name and helped me rapidly. It was my sister in laws wedding and they even helped me dress up their room and put rose pedals and champagne etc. AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!!!!
5	Our stay at the Bellagio couldn't have been better. The room was luxurious, modern and clean and we were lucky enough to be facing the fountains. The service throughout the stay was friendly and professional. Also loved that the guest elevators were monitored to ensure those going up were actual guests.  The best part was walking into the lobby and taking a deep breath of the fragrant flowers in the arboretum.The only suggestions we could offer to the Bellagio is a better map of the property (the one on the key holder was impossible to read) and a timer on the TV channel with the fountain music so we would know when it would be active next.We will absolutely stay at the Bellagio again!
4	Has to be one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Las Vegas.  The rooms are spacious, clean, and cozy.  My only issue with both my stays at their hotel is the fountain. The first time I stayed here, I felt that I lucked out with views of their infamous fountain from my room. But if you're one trying to get to bed early, the sounds of the water crashing down and the bright lights have you tossing and turning all night.  My second stay was facing the fountain as well but I was prepared with ear plug and Capt N Morgan. By the way, I cannot comment on the price because both times were paid by someone else. As for the casino floor, Bellagio has a lot to offer. The Conservatory, Gallery of Fine Arts, conference rooms, restaurants, and their poker room are all favorites of mine.  Although, I've never had the stack or the skills to ever play in Bobby's Room, it's just an amazing feel knowing that million dollar hands are played out almost daily. If you've been to Las Vegas, you know all about the Bellagio. If you're looking to visit, make this a stop. No expense needed for the fountain and people watching.
3	Would not honor reservation made two weeks in advance for a smoking suite.  They upgraded us to a beautiful suite overlooking their fountain and the strip, but it was non smoking so I suffered for 5 nights. The casino area was much louder than any other I entered.  I had to replace the room key 7 or 8 times as they were way too sensitive, and although the suite had 4 TVs, the remote controls were hit and miss (the bedroom tv went to the porn movie channel whenever I used the volume adjustment).  One last thought is that you will find better toilet paper in any prison!
5	What can you say... Bellagio is a timeless classic on the Las Vegas strip.  With so many dining and entertainment options, Bellagio continues to attract herds of people each day.I personally love the scent the conservatory gives off with the fresh flower displays which are changed 5 times a year.  Even as a local watching the fountain show never gets old and they have recently added a couple of new songs to keep things fresh.The pool area smells of lilac and has perfectly manicured shrubs along the walkways.  There are several pools and I had not too much of a problem finding chairs on a Sunday afternoon.   While this isn't a party property, you'll definitely have a fun, high-class time here!
4	The Bellagio hotel is breathtaking!  As you enter the Bellagio your eyes are drawn to ceiling to the 2,000 hand blown glass blossoms that make up the magnificent a Fiori di Como  by glass sculptor Dale Chihuly. As you check in it is easy for your eyes to roams over the shoulder of the friendly staff who are checking you in as they are drawn to the amazing floral display.  But this is just a prelude to the spectacular Conservatory & Botanical Gardens which is like walking through a imaginary wonderland of exquisite flower displays, dazzling water features and unique rare butterfly atriums.  What could ever top all of this you might ask?  The amazing Bellagio fountain show!  It never gets old!  Every time I experience the music, combined with the beautiful water display my heart swells! There is something so emotional about the experience!  I recommend trying to get a reservation at one of the many Bellagio restaurants that have outdoor patios overlooking the fountain.During our visit we stayed in room 28072 which overlooks the fountains!  The room is in a quiet part of the hotel away from elevators, service closets, etc. The room had a modern blue and white decor which was extremely calming!  The room and bathroom are spacious.  There is a large window to view the fountains and it adds a certain open feeling to the room.The Bellagio pools and courtyard is very beautiful!  It is composed of 6-7 different pools surrounded by tons of trees and lined with private cabanas!   They have a large drink list and a reasonable menu however I recommend having a nice relaxing lunch at the pool cafe!Did I miss anything?  Yes!  The amazing restaurants, clubs and poker room!  The spa is beautiful!  Other note worthy items:Gym fee is already included in room/hotel feeHotel does NOT smell like smoke! Staff is really friendlyRoom 28068 which my mother in law stayed in is right across from servers closet which can be very noisy
4	With 1,169 reviews on The Bellagio, I want to share my experiences on my staycation here before my review gets buried like a Cadillac in the desert. So here is review  #1,170 on the Bellagio. It is based on my staycation here from March 24 to 29 2013. Due to the fact that the Bellagio is this colossal property with so many elements, what I did was separate the review into sections with ratings.Location:  4 stars     The Bellagio stands at the heart of the Strip where Las Vegas Boulevard and Flamingo Road intersect. It is neighbors with casino superstars Caesar's Palace, the Flamingo, Cosmopolitan, Bally's, Paris, and Planet Hollywood. Pederstrian bridges connect The Bellagio with Caesar's Palace and Bally's. From the south part of the property, there is a tram with stops at City Center and Monte Carlo. The reason that I gave the location 4 instead of 5 stars, is that peak traffic is atrocious. For this reason, I do not recommend renting a car if you are staying here. A major flaw is that the only way to reach the Bellagio parking garage is from the Las Vegas Boulevard. I would personally prefer swimming in the Las Vegas Wash than driving on Las Vegas Boulevard at peak times. I say this with such seriousness that I parked at the Monte Carlo parking lot, which has access to Frank Sinatra Drive, and used the tram to get to the Bellagio.The room: 4 stars   I spend little time in the room. If I did, this would be a comfortable room to be in. Being that this is the Bellagio, the room is a representation of the wealth and class that is the Bellagio image. The bathroom is huge. There is a bath tub and shower. The beds are superb. The drapes are controlled by a switch. Escaping my Henderson apartment for a couple of days, this is opulence that was above my life style. There is a flaw. There was not any closets. Do keep in mind that the resort fee includes use of the robe in the cabinet. I also want to give a shout out to the Maids for doing a great job cleaning up our mess.Pricing: 3 stars  The Bellagio is a high end hotel. Usually the price is exorbitant. However when the supply of rooms exceeds the demand the price could be reasonable. To get a good deal, I suggest hotels.com. Also when you use hotels.com, the practice has been that the tenth night you use them is free. When we stayed at the Bellagio from Sunday to Thursday night the room was $132 a night plus the $25 resort fee. The Bellagio did give us a $50 meal credit. Safety: 4 stars   Safety seems to be a priority with Bellagio management. It was standard procedure to have a security person standing by the elevator banks.Public areas: 4 & 1/2 stars   I don't have to write about the Bellagio's public areas. When Steve Wynn developed it in the late 90's, he built a hotel that was going to be the best in the World. Today the Conservatory and Fountains live up to his vision. I have learned from Steve Wynn's competitor Donald Trump that your quality of life goes up when you surround yourself with beauty. After leaving a beautiful room, I would meet my family in the Conservatory, and take in the Fountains on the walk to the Strip.Swimming pool: 4 stars   The magnificence of the hotel extends into the pool area. The pools are in a large courtyard. Each pool is large. The water is warm and clear. Each pool includes a hot tub that offers sufficient elbow room. The time that I spent in the swimming pool and lying on the chaise was precious.Restaurants: 3 stars   I am sure that the restaurants are remarkable fine dining options. The thing is that every restaurant is expensive. From my experience, the Bellagio Buffet is one of my favorites. In my early days of yelping, I rated it 4 stores. For people on a budget, the Magnificent Mile across the Boulevard offers reasonably priced restaurants.The casino: 4 stars     From the days of Steve Wynn's to MGM Resorts ownership, the casino has changed. In the days of the Steve Wynn ownership, the slot machines were silent. Now the slot machines make the well known carnival sounds and the music of the night clubs overflows into the casino. When my brother and I played Caveman Keno near the Lilly Night Club late at night, I was impressed by the drink service. They made my alcohol beverage of choice: the Blue Hawaiin to my expectations. They tasted far superior to the $11 Blue Hawaiin that I had across the Boulevard in Napoleons. The cocktail waitress was persistent with the drinks. Too bad I cannot say that about hitting my Keno numbers.Chances of returning:   Lets face it, I am not wealthy. It was a treat to have spent a few nights in the Bellagio. Unlike the Excalibur, they do not draw people in with discounts. I would like to return to the Bellagio one day. Chances are I will be staying in another Strip property before staying in the Bellagio. I am just happy that I had the chance to have stayed there.***This is review 63 of the Yelp 100 Challenge."
4	Had a great time and great stay at the Bellagio.  Although it was a little crowded at check in it was worth the wait.  Room was great with a great view of the strip.  I used the gym for two days and they had enough weight and cardio equipment to make it a good workout.  Casino was clean and friendly too.
3	Check in and out was a nightmare.  Stood in line for over an hour--felt like two hours.  room had a nice view of the fountain, but was very small.  wonder if there are better deals in vegas. surprised that for a four star hotel, it was not any better than a 4 star hotel in China.  Would have given 2 stars, but sure glad didn't bring home any bed bugs...
5	The Bellagio, like Caesars or the Venetian are the elite on the strip.They are always my highlight and the light and watershow at the fountains never gets old.You can see it for free out front every half hour on the half or full hour.It gets full but you still have a great view and nice photo ops.Inside it is always very well kept, great restaurants, shops and bars, a must see!
4	First chance to stay at the Bellagio while on a business conference at the property.  Of course, it's a nice property with an excellent location on the Strip.  I had a very basic run of the house room, but it was plenty big and nice.  Bathroom was nice as well.  If you are there for meetings or a conference then ask for the Spa Tower, much closer to the convention center wing.  Not my favorite property in Vegas, but I am also drawing comparisons to the Cosmo, Palazzo, and Wynn.  All of which I like better, but Bellagio is in the upper tier of hotels in Vegas.  Try and score a room with view of the fountains if the hotel is not too busy.
4	Every time there is a special occasion or I want to pamper myself, I tried to stay in the strip for a night or two to relax. one of the best places, ive stayed at is the Bellagio. Bellagio seems to have the best of everything. the location is perfect. its at the heart of the strip. its more expensive compared to the other hotels in the strip, so if u want to save money, u probably would want to stay away from this hotel. but u can always get discounts, ive seen 200$ a night on orbitz one time, and for Bellagio on a weekend, that's a bargain. the room is clean, posh, and has a comfortable bed. if u have enough to spare, get a room with a fountain view.the Bellagio also boasts a watershow in front of the hotel and I think it runs every 15 mins at night during weekends. its always packed, so its always best to come right at the end of show for the next show. inside, they have the beautiful garden that is always changing every season
5	Bellagio is our favorite casino on the strip. We have been regulars for over 10 years. The reason, it has a style and elegance that we have not found anywhere else. Unlike many of the strip hotel/casinos, Bellagio caters primarily to adults. The clientele seems to be a bit more discerning as well. The rooms are all nicely appointed and room service is first class. We have tried nearly all of the restaurants, which are a treat, but find ourselves eating in the Bellagio Cafe most often. The entire hotel and casino is extemely well kept, day and night. The conservatory is a beautiful highlight, changing themes with the seasons and holidays. If you have not seen it, we highly recommend stopping by the next time you are in Vegas regardless of where you stay. Can't wait to go back!
4	What is there to say about the Bellagio which hasn't been said!  The 'dancing' water fountains, the great variety of restaurants including the AWESOME Picasso, the lovely entry with the beautiful glass fixtures, the flowers, the pool...If only they would ban smoking in the casinos...oh well, we can always dream...this is the only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars
3	It's a fine hotel. The rooms are comfortable and I had a good night sleep. However, based on what friends have told me about Bellagio I was expecting to be clown away and I was not. Rooms are smaller and not as good in my opinion than the Mandalay Bay not to mention "TheHotel at Mandalay" which is my favourite hotel in Vegas so far. I also enjoyed Aria more. Also, it's quite expensive and I think you can get better for less elsewhere. Location is good if you like to be in the centre of the strip where there is much action... and you don't mind the constant traffic jams around there. Otherwise, a nice experience.
5	We stopped in here to play a little and it is beautiful.  They really pay attention to details - to a tee!  Even the ashtrays were stenciled with their signature "B" - every one of them.We mainly wanted to come by to watch the water show outside, at night.  We saw 2 of them.  And they were spectacular!
5	If you're going to go to Las Vegas when you're pregnant, you owe it to yourself to stay at the Bellagio! This was my 3rd trip to Vegas but my first time at the Bellagio. If I go back, this is where I'll stay.When we booked this trip with another couple, I was not pregnant. In fact, at 5 months pregnant and over Labor Day weekend, Las Vegas is the last place I wanted to be...or so I thought. It turned out to be amazing, largely in part due to the Bellagio.- Big, nice, rooms - we stayed in the rear of the hotel away from all the chaos. The bathrooms were big and gorgeous. - So much to look at: Chihuly glass, indoor Botanical gardens, chocolate fountains etc.- Several large inviting pools to spend the day. - Poolside breakfast every morning or a cafe to get a croissant and a latte if you prefer. - A beautiful gym with all of the equipment you could want.- A gorgeous spa where I got the most incredible prenatal massage.We didn't even gamble so I can't really comment on the casino. You could seriously never leave the Bellagio during your entire stay (which I think is their plan) and never get bored.
5	I'm a Vegas resident and stayed there last year when some friends were in town. We got to check in and were told they had just finished re-doing our floor and that we'd been upgraded to a newer room on the upper floors. The rooms were amazing! Very spacious and really clean bathrooms. It was also great knowing you were the first person to sleep in the new beds and just made our stay extra special! Plus we were able to open the joining door between the rooms which worked perfectly for us. We'll be back when the girls are back in town :) Also, check out the buffet. The breakfast buffet is even better at the weekends and I took my Dad to the dinner one when he came into town and he loved it too! I have friends here memorial weekend and we'll be back for sure.Thanks to the staff for always providing a great service!
3	Vegas Baby! For the weekend. Decided to spurge on lodging and picked the Bellagio. Good location. And, of course the fountains. Lobby with the glass sculpture is beautiful. The room was recently refurbished. Good sized room and bathroom. Powered curtains.... seventilicious phones, 2 in the room, 1 in the bathroom. Pool area very nice. Supposedly only smoking allowed in the casino, but everybody was smoking everywhere; the pool the hallways of our non-smoking floor, etc, etc.
4	This is a review of the buffet. It feels "homey" in terms of decor. But the food and selection is awesome and decently priced.
3	Another great trip to the Bellagio but two stars less than last time due to a few hiccups. Our Deluxe Fountain View room was unfortunately located on the 9th floor and had a view of the restaurant rooftops; not what I had expected, or experienced in the past. We managed to get a higher floor room which was much better. It had a few issues, some sneeze on the window and a few spots of mold in the shower but nothing too bad. I was here with my mum for her birthday so wanted it to be nice for her, unfortunately things didn't get much better. We went downstairs to walk around the conservatory and visit the patisserie. The conservatory was undergoing it's quarterly re-build and although I knew this happened I had no idea how chaotic it was. Imagine dirt, workmen, tools, drills and the constant 'beep beep' of machines riding by carrying supplies. Ugh. Our lunch in the patisserie was really chaotic and unpleasant. Pool experience was also a huge fail as we arrived there at 3.15pm and it closed at 4pm. Yes that's right winter/spring hours for the pool are 9am - 4pm. It was 75 degrees and sunny, why close the pool at such a ridiculous time?The overall look of the Bellagio was as beautiful as ever but I am starting to notice a few areas that need attention. There are bigger, fancier hotels cropping up on the strip and I hope the Bellagio continues it's focus on customer service to keep up with them. I love the the personal service and, of course, the fountains so it will always have it's draw for me.Room Tip: The conservatory display is changed about 5 times a year and can take up to a week to complete. The schedule can be found on the hotel website. It's best to avoid construction times.
5	I have always loved the Bellagio and was fortunate enough to stay here April 2-5 2013. Indeed my entire stay did not disappoint. In fact I love it even more.  My experiences there confirms, this place knows all about excellence. From my first encounter with valet, to the bell hop, front desk, operators, even the floral staff..everyone showed concern, help and was fast and efficient.  No doubt the garden is gorgeous, as well as the rooms and the details such as the bouquets which are real flowers! All of the bouquets. I will definitely stay again at Bellagio. I felt like royalty.
5	Have you seen the ceiling? There are literally no words for this place. It is incredible, beautiful, and surreal. I miss you, Las Vegas, and I will see you soon.
5	The Inside Atrium is my favorite and always a destination when I come to Vegas.
4	Solid four star.My first time ever staying at Bellagio and I was disappointed. Have stayed at all the nice hotels in Vegas and I thought this would be nicer. However, I was not overwhelmed. It's very nice but not 5 star. Nothing majorly wrong but little things (and they say it's the little things that matter) like an issue with the plumbing in my room and a rude bellhop.The good:Huge gym with nice staff. It's included in the "resort fee." LOL. Why have a resort fee. Just raise your price by 20. Anyway, nice gym and it was really huge. Busy but tons of machines available. They could use a couple of standard exercise bikes as they only have recumbent. However, great staff, water available all over, tons of equipment, nice view of the pool area, etc....The pool area was very nice. I only spent a little time out there but they had good pool service, lots of chaises, and several pool options. A few too many smokers but it's Vegas so what you gonna do. The hotel is really huge. Several restaurants to choose from. Many stores. Obviously a big casino. Lots of extras like the art gallery and flower garden. Overall, a very impressive hotel and, considering how big it is, it's run pretty smoothly.Oh ya, and the location is perfect. It's dead center of the strip in my opinion. You can't do better.Again, solid 4 star in my opinion.
5	I stayed in the hotel while my new apartment was getting ready for our move in and well I was very impressed that the rooms are huge the staff are sweet kind and nice. It feels like home not a hotel. And to top it all its very pretty. It's a lot of hotels in Vegas each is different but I enjoyed my stay and will return as often as I can. Its lots to see and buy I give it five stars total. The stay the Shop its worth it please believe.
5	We booked a Parlour Suite and was nicely pampered this weekend.  We usually stay at the Signature MGM, but their service has truly gone downhill.SO GLAD SIGNATURE SUCKED!!!  I couldn't believe how beautiful the entire hotel was.  You walk in and instead of the stench of smoke, you smell sweet, pretty flowers...all coming from their own botanical conservatory!  They have a greenhouse where pretty little butterflies live. YES, even in Las Vegas, smoke capital of the world!The shops are all top class - Hermes-category and our suite had this UNBELIEVABLE view of the Bellagio fountains.  Turn on Channel 22, and you can hear the music which the fountains are dancing to.The Suite was HUGE!!  1000+ sf of pure glamour.  Bellagio does NOT skimp on details.  There were 3 bathrooms! 1 - 2 - 3!!!  We put baby in bathroom 2, and our nannys used the 1st bathroom, while my husband, older daughter and me used bathroom 3.Our shower had a STEAM function!  So nice to be able to come home after a smoke-induced day in the casinos, and the extreme dry-ness of Vegas, and sit in your own private steam room in your Bellagio Suite overlooking the fountains, with a view of the fake Eiffel Tower.The only thing that I need to note is this hotel is NOT child-friendly.  Most children under age 12 are NOT allowed in the restaurants after 7pm, and before 7pm, they STILL have to be at least age 5.  THIS MEANS NO HIGH CHAIRS and NO BABIES.We were completely blessed to have been checked in by a woman who has kids - otherwise, I am sure we would have gotten crap treatment.Other than the fact that they publicly frown upon children in Vegas, this place really spoiled us.  And the location is awesome - right across from Paris, smack dab middle of the strip.  Will stay here again.
5	I told you I practically lived on the strip last year and the Bellagio was another stop. Personally, after staying in hotels with casinos in them for as long as I did, you kind of shy away from them which is why I plan on going back to Trump on my return.  Anyway the Bellagio is a superior gaming hotel and trust there are some dumps which I will share in later reviews. The grounds are are lovely and their are nice places to shop. In Vegas a lot of the hotels are connected to one another via pedestrian bridges and shops and so is this place. Can't say too many bad things about it. When you go make sure you visit the museum. I highly doubt you'll buy anything but it's interesting. When I went I ended up in some filming they were doing have no idea what it was though. Oh well.
2	My first and last stay at the Bellagio. I booked 3 rooms, months in advance for my daughter 40th. Birthday. Since, our arrival  everyone had  an attitude or was rude to us.  Maybe they are been treated bad who knows. At check-in the blond older lady with her I-pad on hand kept telling me to go away. Check out here in Vegas is not until 3 pm she keep repiting. Maybe because the color of my skin did not match hers. She probably taught I did not understand . Next, when we got to,the rooms the mini-bars were a mess.  Bottle water half way used. Have of a sandwich in the fridge. We called front desk to let them know nothing happen.  The only good service we got at he Bellagio Cafe, give all the people that work there 6 stars. The service was more then excellent.  I give the Bellagio 2 stars.  I have always stay at  theAriaor the Wynn I should stay with what I know.  Bad,bad service. Make your employees happy. Management most be doing something wrong to their people because they are not happy campers .
5	Bellagio is well rounded!Lots of great restaurants, beautiful fountain show outside, shops, shows, etc.  It definitely should be on every tourist's checklist.We came here for Jean Philippe desserts and the Fine Art Gallery.  The desserts were great, and prices were reasonable!  The gallery is a bit small, but I think if the right artist is showing, it will be worth the entry fee.Even if it is just the walk through for the scenery, it is worth the stop!
4	needs a remodel soon.... feeling outdated
4	This is probably a 4.5 star review.  We have stayed at Bellagio 3 times now.  The dealers are typically very lively, even though it's a "fancier" place than other joints on the strip.  Friendly, and not stuffy at all.  It's of course very nice, even though it's about 15 years old now.  It has held up very well and remains one of the nicest places on the strip.  The rooms are of average size, with very comfortable beds.  The bathroom is large for a standard room.  Good-sized shower and a tub that most can soak in.  Maybe my favorite bathroom for a standard room in Vegas.There is delicious food: Jasmine, Prime, Olives, etc.  But, my one complaint about Bellagio's food is there is not much in the way of middle of the road casual dining.  If you don't want a fancy lunch, your only options are snack bar type places or the Cafe Bellagio, which is Bellagio's 24 hour coffee shop (a must at all Vegas casinos).  Even places like Yellowtail and Fix are pricier than a typical casual place, and these are not the top places at Bellagio.  Bellagio's long running cirque show O is worth the (high) price of admission.  Also, the pool is large and service is excellent.  If you spring for a cabana, you won't regret it.  Excellent service.Will definitely stay at Bellagio again.  The casino hosts and front desk employees are also fantastic.  Customer service clearly means something to Bellagio, and the employees demonstrate this.
2	For a supossed high end hotel, I found the Bellagio very pedestrian. The pool area was reminiscent of a spanish resort 1990's. some of the public areas were nice enough, but in a shopping centre kind of way, food was bland in many of the restaurants that I tried, also very expensive, as were the drinks at the bars.overall very underwhelmed
4	For my first stay in Vegas, I couldn't imagine staying any where other than the Bellagio. The lobby is clean, stunning and welcoming. The staff were knowledgeable, and genuine in welcoming/answering any questions. There seemed to be a variety of restaurants on the property (although reservations were difficult to get at times, so book ahead!). The casino was more spacious than others on the strip which helps if you are trying to avoid the smoke. I enjoyed the dealers, but found the tables a bit expensive for being an inexperienced gambler. Overall, you can't miss the fountains and scenery. It's worth the extra money to stay at this hotel (beautiful rooms--best hotel bathroom for this price!) At least it'll make you feel a little fancy...
5	Beautiful rooms! The rooms are very nice and luxurious. The pool is the most elegant I've seen in Vegas. Magnificent atrium with beautiful gardens, and the water show at the entrance is something nice to see! Poker room is a little small.
5	What a great venue! The staff went over and beyond to make my stay one that I will never forget. Great job Bellagio. I will definitely be back.
5	Over the top service
5	I brought my husband here for his birthday ....at check in we were upgraded by one of my dads friends...we had an 18th floor fountain view...the shopping was nice ....better at Cesar's next door....the casino is very smokey ... I have no complaints....I will only stay here in vegas....thanks Mr a Black for EVERYTHING
4	Now this was more like it!! One of the nicest hotels my sisters and i stayed at and we enjoyed the huge spacious room we all shared together since we went out without our husbands at the time!  They have plenty of fancy shops with all the big name labels like Chanel, Gucci, Prada, etc. and the host big poker tournament events also if that is something your interested in seeing. We had a great time losing our money at the slot machines here....
5	Classic favorite and after many years, it still is.The fountain show and the botanical garden is still one of the top attractions vegas has to offer.  Jean Philipe Chocolate fountain, pool, the glass ornaments at the lobby, Hermes/Gucci/LV/Prada, the large casino, I love it.They recently renovated their rooms and I heard it was quite nice.  From what I remember, it was pretty decent before too.This is not a modern hotel like Cosmo or Planet Hollywood.  It's more of a classy hotel.
4	I stayed at Bellagio for two night last week and I loved this hotel/casino.  My room was stunning!  The bed was a dream...I slept like a baby!  The casino floor is well designed and clean.  They will comp  your drinks at teh video poker bars as long as you play two credits.I also left my ipad behind, luckily realizing this before heading to the airport, and the staff was very caring and prompt in getting my belongings back to me.
5	My husband and I go to Vegas a lot and have stayed at most of the resorts on the strip.We stayed at the Bellagio this last weekend for a quick  trip. We booked a regular resort room and to our surprise found that we had been upgraded to a suite for free. The room was beyond expectation and we found ourselves spending more time in the room than the casino. We will definitely be staying with Bellagio from now on.
3	The good...Beautiful grounds, nice fountain. Good location on the strip.The bad...Not sure if having to wait 30 minutes to check in is the norm. Exceptionally slow check in service. Very cheap towels, my gym towel is in better shape. No wireless for the first day. Multiple calls to have this resolved. Not a five star experience.The ugly...The casino looks a bit outdated. Maybe it's the elaborate architecture of the place.
2	I gave the bellagio two stars solely based off the fact that the fountains are fantastic and definitely an added bonus to be able to see from your room.   That for me is really where the positives end. After staying at newer and more modern hotels on the strip,  The Bellagio looks very dated and washed out in comparison.  The rooms are fine, the beds are comfortable and the view of the wonderful fountains is great. The lobby is dated and has no real offerings to anybody under the age of 50 years old.   There's no real entertainment in the lobby. They have a piano bar that is a complete snooze fest.   I've had a better time at an airport bar then I did at that place. You can be classy and still have a conversation above a whisper. It is vegas!!!The pool area was not well thought out.  You constantly have to strategize on where you will move to avoid massive shadows by the buildings during prime tanning time.  Not great. The grounds are pretty enough but what good is a pool if you're constantly in the shade?!Overall, I'm glad I stayed there but it's off my bucket list.  We got this trip comped and I would've paid to stay somewhere else instead.
5	The club Hyde in the Bellagio is so much fun!  We were able to receive and free table and bottle service which made our Vegas trip very memorable.  The servers here were sweet and very accommodating.  Also, the atmosphere and music played was awesome.
2	Overall, our stay at the Bellagio was very disappointing.My partner and I booked many months in advance, as we were getting married and also honeymooning in Vegas. Our travel agent emailed the Bellagio to suggest a complimentary upgrade. When we arrived, not only were we not upgraded, but we were downgraded from our originally booked King Room, to a Double Queen, even though it was a Sunday evening. When we were informed of our downgrade, I suggested that we at least be moved to a fountain view room, but we were advised that that would be an extra cost.Our Double Queen room was most outdated, and quite small. Although the bathroom was quite spacious and nice, the shower was also lovely and big. However, we were not happy with the sound of (what we assumed was) clanking pipes throughout our stay. It almost sounded as if we were staying underneath a gym and heavy weights were being dropped on the the ceiling above us.On checkout we complained about the noisy room, and we were refunded one days breakfast at the buffet. The gesture was appreciated, but doesn't quite make up for our disappointing stay.On a positive note, the foyer was nice, and the flowers were lovely of course. The Bellagio is nice to visit, but I would recommend travelers stay elsewhere.
4	I enjoyed my few days staying at the Bellagio. We had a lovely corner room that overlooked the pools. The recent remodel is fun and fresh with a comfortable bed. The bathroom is huge and nice appointed with marble and high end finishes.I used the fitness center and men's spa. Both were more exceptionally clean and staffed with friendly, attentive staff. I am always happy when I can get in a real workout when on vacation.The pool area was also very clean and inviting. As one person mentioned, you will have to dodge building shadows as the day progresses, but for me, that's okay because I like to be in the shade at times.What impressed me most is that services like the gym, spa, valet, WiFi and more were included in the price of the basic room price and not charged per item. It makes for a welcoming stay where you can actually use the amenities and not feel like you're spending money at every corner.Every staff member I encountered was helpful and genuinely friendly. That is worth a lot. I would visit again for sure.
4	Convenient for a quick breakfast in the warm morning sunshine. I had the blueberry pancakes, which come served with cinnamon butter and syrup. Yum!Service was friendly and attentive. Not a bad place to eat and enjoy the view of the pool.
4	The rooms here are a lot larger than I remember them being. I would actually consider the rooms pretty spacious. Bellagio is a quality hotel that has been able to keep up with renovations over the years and have been one of the hotels that have been able to maintain the same clientele despite the age of the property. This place has also aged very well because by no means does it look 15 years old.
5	I have been to vegas a handful of times before, but thought I'd splurge this trip and stay in the middle of the strip at a well known hotel.  And let me be honest, the Oceans Eleven movie and fountains had a huge part in me wanting to stay here.  So my mom and I stayed for 6 nights, in a room high up overlooking the fountains.  First off, the view is absolutely amazing.  Watching the fountains anytime I wanted out the window was a major highlight.  The room itself (2 double beds) was nice and clean and well-maintained.  The bathroom had a very nice shower and tub, and was very spacious.  The TV was mounted on the wall, and great to view from both beds.  The hotel cleaning staff was great - they will come in anytime (from afternoon to evening) - which I thought was pretty nice.  Sometimes they would leave chocolate on our bed stand, but not consistently.  Within the hotel, my only complaint was there isn't a Starbucks - but honestly they have a coffee/pastry shop that does the shop in a pinch (just very expensive!!!).  The staff overall is extremely nice and goes out of their way to take care of you.  The casino is kept very clean, and the hotel restaurants are good (ate at the cafe, Prime, and the buffet for breakfast).  I would say this is a hotel for classy adults who don't like the loud/crazy/modern atmospheres of some of the other hotels.The only sort of negative (which really isn't even a big deal) is that check in time is late, so if you arrive early you are not going to get into your room anytime soon.  However, they will kindly store your luggage and bring it up to your room promptly.  If you stay here, you are within walking distance of Aria, Cosmopolitan, PH, Caesars, Paris, and probably more - but my mom and I are not walkers (and it was 100 out!) so we taxi'd most places.  This hotel is also nice because you never have to wait for taxi's like at other hotels (there is always one waiting!).  Finally, if you like high-end shopping, it's wonderful to have stores like Chanel, Dior, Louis Vuitton, etc. in the hotel!  I would stay here again in a heartbeat!
5	Breathtaking. Just simply magnificent. From the waterworks outside to the gardens inside, this place is just the epitome of classy, elegant, and fancy. I've taken so many photo-shoots here and the place never disappoints. This magical resort is also home to Cirque du Soleil. The most fantastically jaw-dropping performance I've ever seen. Definitely a memorable place to visit when you want to feel like being at a royal paradise.
5	Just one of the great hotels that I visit/stay.Great selection of restaurants with awesome casino.The staffs are friendly and knowledgable.Great service.Depending on the rooms you booked, the view is awesome.I like staying here. Don't forget the free fountain show daily.
5	My usual spot in vegas, they know how to treat there guest plus the location is right in the middle of the strip ****BONUS**** lolz I never have a problem checking in plus i think there spa for men is one of the best
3	There is no explaining why you go to the Bellagio.  It is absolutely beautiful.  The fountains are amazing.  Aside from that, the rooms are okay.  What is a complete deterrent from staying there is the amount of foot traffic there.  As a guest, I do not feel like I should have to fight for the comfort of the hotel I am paying for.  Nevertheless, I do not advocate the Bellagio to begin restricting its attractions to guest only.  That would truly be sad.  However, because of how crowded it is I will not choose this hotel again to stay at.  I will simply follow the crowd and enjoy its attractions and leave it at that.  It is certainly not worth the expense of a stay.
4	I was a bit disappointed by my stay here, but to be fair I must give out a four-star review.The good: The hotel is nice overall, the staff was very professional and friendly, decent internet, the rooms are nicely decorated and it's just a nice place overall.The bad: The non-smoking room smelled so badly of smoke that my clothes (that went directly to the room and never left the room - not anything I wore around the casinos) smelled the next day.  The mini bar scared me - touch something and you pay god knows what for it (yes, I'm sure they're all like that).  The price is obviously high, but the hotel is not enough better for the price.I'll probably want to try out somewhere else next time, but it would be fine to go here again.
5	Great place to gamble and stay I enjoy the spa side, excellent wedge salads for lunch and cocktails at night. The bank is convenient if you'd like to take a break from the casino but if you're into gambling it's a good place to start Texas hold 'em can last for gourde if you know what you're doing and black jack is great as well as the crap tables. Cosmo is as food the way and several other if you'd like to change up the pace or the scene. Pool is a great place to hang out after the hangover sets in the next day! Overall I would recommend.
5	- Between their lobby garden, free fountain show and fancy decore, one of the best places to spend time at on the Strip.  - Hyde is also a nice lounge to get a drink at with excellent views of the Strip & the fountains.
5	Incredible hotel. Not cheap but worth every penny. Particularly enjoy the fountain shows, the restaurants, and the Cypress pool.  Will be returning soon for third straight year
2	PAST ITS PRIME, NO LONGER JEWEL IT ONCE WASBellagio is now just a middle of the pack Las Vegas hotel. Check in/out is most always crowded and often disorganized.  The worst is Fridays when the lines can be six people deep all the way across the hotel check-in area.Although the hotel recently renovated its rooms, they still fail to dazzle. During my stay, the bathroom sink constantly made a drain noise although the faucet was not turned on. This can be disturbing if you're a light sleeper. Also, surprisingly for a hotel with such a high room rate, the shower knob simply fell off as I lightly turned the water temperature up. In addition, cable TV kept going black or picture scrambled despite maintenance trying to fix two days in a row. You expect better from the Bellagio name - disappointed.Also, the hotel's buffet restaurant has a wait most nights of 35 minutes to an hour (this according to the person who answered the restaurant's phone when I called after seeing the line reaching out into the casino floor). Obviously, the hotel should spend some of its money and expand the buffet restaurant to shorten wait times for hungry guests. The casino looks like all the other middle of the pack dark looking casinos. The Bellagio can no longer be mentioned in the same class as Encore, Palazzo, or Venetian. These casinos are well lit, accommodations are first-class, and food options are plenty. Bellagio, sad to say, is an old jewel. Watch the fountain show and the pretty exterior on the outside, but beware of spending top dollar for a jewel past its prime.
4	Bellagio is the best Casino Hotel & Resort that I've stayed in Las Vegas! Their front lobby was easy to find and front desk people were very helpful; their buffet was the best and offer many fresh choices in seafood, meant and veggies. They do have many other fancy restaurants inside as well and none of them really disppoints me; though sometimes when they get busy, it was very difficult to get their attention to order something at a bar or cafe.I love how they have all nice name brand stores inside as well, so I won't need to walk all the way to the mall to get what I want; not to mention their sales tax is much lower than bay area.Hotel rooms are very grand and roomy; beds are comfy and clean. Their taxi line gets so long though; I think they should have the Bellagio customers line since they pay for the hotel rooms.
4	we usually get lucky with our favorite slot machine "top dollar"the best strawberry daiquiri.  the best cirque show in vegas "o"we love to vist the garden
4	I come here everytime i visit Vegas this is one of my strip stops. Love this hotel nice and the atmosphere here is great lots to see here and the water show is awesome and also l love the deco and the themed  area by the registration area which changes every season.
5	I travel to Las Vegas often and always stay at The Bellagio. Top notch customer service, beautiful hotel with a world class arboretum which changes with the seasons. The rooms have recently been updated and the rooms are extremely quiet when you need to sleep. Love the casino and the 24 hour cafe. I have stayed at many hotels in Las Vegas but I always come back to The Bellagio. If you go, check out the Cirque De Soilel show, O,the water show...excellent.
5	We just returned from celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary at the Bellagio. The staff was attentive and accommodating. We were always greeted by friendly smiles and offers to help. Our room was both beautiful and peaceful with a fantastic view of the fountains. Our vow renewal ceremony was surreal; every detail was perfect.
4	Don't get me wrong, this is a very nice hotel! My personal favorite part of the hotel would have to be the pools just because there were a variety of them and I spent a good portion of my time there ;) The look of the hotel is very regal, and there are good places to eat within the hotel. Room decor fit the whole "theme", though it wasn't anything that I would say 'OMG awesome!' to. Though a good place to stay, I would probably stay elsewhere next time I'm around.
1	This is the worst Check in experience!Ok stay.In room dining kept messing up on ordersRoom clean and updated.
4	Stayed here for a weekend, this place is pretty darn clean! The room though, it pretty much just like other nicer hotels in Vegas...really nothing too special. The view from the room I stayed at was awesome during the night fountain show. This hotel is also at a really nice location, pretty middle of the strip. Room service and staffs were also very quick and super nice and helpful. I also like the casino games and dealers. They're pretty nice. The shops and food here is also pretty awesome. Oh, mojito by the piano bar is pretty yum, and gosh, the buffet here is still my favorite!
5	My friends and I stayed at the Bellagio on a trip to LV earlier this month and we had an AMAZING time. We were at this hotel for 4 days/3 nights (stayed a different hotel night 1, stayed in the grand canyon night 2, and at the bellagio nights 3-5). Check in process: We got back from the grand canyon around 1pm, so we stored our luggage while a few of us went to return the rental and the rest gambled. But as soon as we got back from returning the rental, we were able to check in. They have a LOT of people open to help you check in, but they also have a LOT of people checking in, so it took a while. The girl who helped us check in was on the phone when I got up to her counter and she didn't make eye contact or say she would be with me soon, so it was awkward b/c i couldn't figure out if I should just go stand in another line... but once she was off the phone, check in was easy. She did try to lecture me about calling my credit card company to let them know was in vegas -- thanks mom (one card had been put on hold b/c of all the charges)... Location: in the middle of the strip so prime location. We loved being central to all the hotels. Nearby hotels include Aria, Cosmopolitan, Paris, and Caesar's.Rooms: We had 7 people - 3 girls and 4 guys and booked 2 connecting rooms, each with 2 queen beds. The rooms were extremely spacious, with bathrooms and closet/drawer space large enough for us three girls, and beds and overall space large enough for the guys! We had a gorgeous view of the fountains- didn't have to leave the hotel room to watch the show. You can turn your tv onto a channel that plays the music that everyone else is hearing outside while watching, so it's pretty much like you have a private show! amazing. Housekeeping: The hotel itself is always clean! 24/7. The rooms were also kept clean. Our housekeeper was Ingrid and she was amazing, accommodating, and so friendly.She would come by once in the morning and once in the evening (maybe it was someone else in the evening, we were never there) and always did an amazing job. And she left bellagio chocolates every time she was in there (delish, if I saw them first, my friends didn't have a chance in hell at getting any)Food: (see individual reviews for more details)We ate at John Phillipe Patisserie for breakfast/brunch/snacks a few times and loved it. The quiches, muffins, and sandwiches are good. Chocolate is of course amazing. I had the veg crepe and thought it was ok. We ate at the bellagio cafe for late night food and it was good with pretty good service. The Bellagio brunch buffet was really good, wish it was a champagne brunch tho. The pool cafe was good, nothing extraordinary, though. Show: We saw O here and (although strange, we didn't fully understand what was happening), it was amazing! I think all of the cirque the soleil's would be like this, though, but O is the aqua one, so it was unique and the performers are so talented. The theater is clean, employees are friendly and efficient, and we had a great time.Casino: Well kept with amazing dealers. Played roulette a little, but played craps a lot. (The guys played a bunch of blackjack, too). The craps tables were a ton of fun. Of course, the players make it fun, but we had amazing dealers too. My favorites were Theresa and Joe. They were friendly, knowledgable, and extremely helpful. We definitely had good luck wheneve they were around., Pool: we got a cabana - I'll review this later under Bellagio pools.Checkout: effortless, I dropped a piece of paper in a box and got my receipt via email later that day. Tips: There are a lot of people who you interact with hourly who provide services and of course, they all expect a tip. So bring lots of cash!.... The one thing I didn't like, is some employees will REMIND you to tip them.... (they did with 2 of my friends a few times). I understand they work off tips, but sometimes what they're doing is not something you ask for and is something so minute that it doesn't really make sense to tip 5 dollars.Overall, we had an amazing time and had amazing service. We will definitely be returning to vegas and have talked about staying here again (although we do want to try more of the hotels). But we had such a great experience here, we almost don't want to! Definitely recommend it.
5	Awesome Buffet.  We tried the Ballagio Buffet and the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan.   The Bellagio Buffet was the winner, by far.  King crab legs, Short Ribs, Prime Rib.... All amazing.   I am still trying to figure out how they make any money.  Plenty of options.
3	I initially had high hope for this hotel, I don't know, probably because of the overall reputation of the hotel. We stayed here and got the normal room during the EDC weekend. PROS: 1.)The overall condition of the facilities is very good. Clean, but kind of dated2.)The casino was great. Huge, with great selection of games, with the dealers having a great personality.3.)Unlike some other previous reviews, I thought the check-in process was very easy and they took care of our requests rather painlessly. 4.)The housekeeping was decent, but came at odd times. If you need anything extra, though, it almost seems like they're taking inventory. Kind of strange.5.)And overall, the hospitality of the HOTEL service staff was EXCELLENT. (Everyone saying hello, Food service, different story)6.)The pool has a fantastic ambiance, but nowhere near the size, or quality of Caesars.7.)And of course, the fountains!!CONS: 1.)Given the reputation and what the hotel is trying to market themselves as, the "elegance" of the rooms were disappointing and very plain comparable to others. (I recommend Caesar's, Palazzo, or even Aria, if looking for bigger, better or comfier rooms)2.)The choice of foods were so-so if not spending $100+ per person. The buffet was less than stellar (food=bland, selection=no bueno) as compared to the Wynn and Caesars. The fine dining restaurants are excellent, the rest? Not so much, very, very, very plain, and overpriced. 3.)The Bellagio Cafe put us (girlfriend and I) on a 30 MINUTE WAIT late night, with about 6 tables in the restaurant (about 5% full restaurant), and sat a party of 7 before us, who arrived 15 minutes AFTER we did. To the point where the party apologized to us, and the couple in front of us, who was there 10 minutes before us, as we watched them get sat.4.)Wi-Fi is the horrible (included in Resort Fee). No matter where on the resort you are.5.)There never seems to be enough taxis at this hotel. The line is relatively short, but you will wait, because taxis seem to not like the Bellagio. Unless "O" is showing.Overall, not a bad resort to go to, but for the Guest base that they are looking for, there are so many better options such as Caesars, Wynn/Encore, or even Venetian/Palazzo. If you are going to Vegas to strictly look at the fountains and no other reason to leave the resort, then stay here. But I guess Bellagio has seemed to rest on its laurels and chosen to not make significant improvements to try to keep up with the likes of Cosmopolitan, Aria, Caesars (classic, yet updated luxury), or Wynn/Encore, which are a much better "bang for your buck" luxury resorts with so many higher quality amenities.
5	A beautiful place to stay. Quality in everything they have and do. The water fountains show is breathtaking. Words can't describe, it's an amazing place to stay
1	Do not play blackjack with the crook dealers. I go with a friend and buy in for 500. My friend is a first timer and i play a lot. I was betting 50 a hand and she was betting 10. She had a 16 against a 10, i told her to hit and she wanted to stay. She ends up staying and bank makes 21. The dealer had the nerves to say "you know what you just did, everyone lost because of you." Its her money man, don't tell her how to play and what to play. You do what you want with your money. You just deal, its your job.Luckily i was running good, i never tipped him a dollar. He was getting angry at my hot streak. When it was time for a shuffle, it was the slowest shuffle i have ever seen in my life. As time approach i get a 21 and he underpays me. I confront him and of course he says he made a mistake. He was looking at his watch for a solid 3 minutes and i asked him if he had anywhere to go. He said he was waiting for a push. Make sure you get paid the amount your suppose to. Do not go to the buffet, the line is about 2 hours. Go to aria, its only 40 a person and they have the best crab legs and prime rib. Amazing!!
3	I don't often write reviews when the experience is still in process, but sometimes you just need to get something off your chest.First off, hubby and I had high expectations of Bellagio.  Five star, fountain hype, and overall presentation would have expected that.  When we travel, we do travel very well, and Bellagio has fallen short on a few areas.We reserved a Deluxe Fountain View room.  I love the fountains.  On an earlier trip, watching the fountains was a highlight, and I was looking forward to a good book, curling up while hubby was at a convention, and gazing away from my comfy perch at leisure.  Well, deluxe fountain view rooms start at floor 9, and we got put on floor 9.  That means my view is over the roof of the lobby and accompanying spires, and yes, I can see it - but disappointing.  There is a premiere fountain view, but I didn't think I had to upgrade to the very most expensive room.  I was wrong.  It's just frustrating to think we were the next to the highest price room there is, and then getting on the elevators for the lowest floors there are every time depressed me a bit (28 floors I think, divided into 4 elevator lobbies).  And they don't do the fountains during the day, and I didn't realize that part, either. Enough of that.Dining options were fine, enjoyed breakfast in the Cafe and had a good panini at a little cafe near the pool.  The pools are nice, but hitting them just after 10 am on a Tuesday morning there were no chaises with umbrellas or shade available.  I went to the farthest pool a(there are like 5 pools) and was perfect for about an hour until the sun shifted.  Lots of options, but 4,000 rooms = a lot of sunbathers so be warned.Casino is huge, but we're not gamblers.  To me it is a hassle to have to walk a million miles from the parking garage or breakfast to guest rooms elevators thru the maze of casino - but I know they are all that way.Check in was fairly easy for us, but the concierge has had what I consider too long of a line the whole time we've been here (3 days as of now).  We had ordered O tickets and the box office line was 30 minutes for pick up, again disappointing.The room is a good size, but not plush.  The linens are not really up to par for our expectations.  Bed is the same, OK, but not really 5 star.  Shower is generous size, but water pressure and temp was only OK.  Tub is neither oversize nor jet in my book.Housekeeping has been fair, day 2 our room did not get vacuumed so we returned to pretzel crumbs.  I did not use the tub, but saw evidence of hair in the drain that they missed.And night 1 and 2 there was no chocolate left on pillows, but night 3 housekeeping came knocking around 5:30 rather insistently and handed me chocolates in person, then a few minutes later a second housekeeping came barging in obviously unaware we were here.  Odd, on many levels.It'll prob be here 10 years before we return to Vegas, and when that happens I'll do my homework on hotels and not pick one because of a favorite memory of fountains.
5	The best hotel I've stayed at in Vegas so far. I pretty much love everything about it. From the great lobby to the fancy stores and restaurants I'll never go to to the fountain out front to the fact that it's connected to Caesar's Palace. It's even got an Hermes store in it! It's also got a nice pool and this bitchin bakery that I'll review separately. The buffet here is also really really good. Too bad it's not a part of the Buffet of Buffets pass though.The rooms itself were really nice, no complaints from me. I also really like the casino floor and the fact that you have to walk through it just to get to the elevators to get to your room. A lot of people might hate the walking but I've always enjoyed it. Overall, I'd recommend staying at the Bellagio to anybody.
3	Bellagio had always been where I thought would be fanciest to stay ever since I was not 21 yet, I've finally stayed there this week, and it didn't live up to my expectations. First I will speak about just the room itself, although I did get a fountain view room, every thing was just pretty basic. The pillows were also uncomfortable, it sank to the mattress, the first night I woke up with a sore neck. Now let me get to the customer service part. When we checked in, it was pretty packed, so they said a double queen facing the fountain is not ready and for us to wait a couple hours. I was pretty tired, and they said they'd put the request that we can change the room day after. The day after I called the front desk, they said we can move to another room in about an hour an a half, call and check back with them later. The third time I called, now I was told the room that's been on hold for us, is "still occupied" and that they're sorry after i've been on hold for about who knows maybe 30 minutes. I find that irritating, since they could have told me in the beginning, it's like time lost, but it went to waste. The first time I called a lady also told me to try to check back "before 6pm". The 4th time checking on getting  a room change I decided to go in person to the front desk. The lady there told me that they didn't see anything on hold, and that I "should have reached them earlier" which I did try to all day.. waking up since 9, and called since 10am. She said "late check out fee would be expensive" and that all their double queens are all full. I just couldn't get why different people told me different things, in the end I couldn't get what i wanted. Also at 8 in the morning, I hear a banging as I was asleep, "HOUSE KEEPING!" At first I thought I was asleep past 11, but it was only 8, and I have no idea if it was my room or the room next door. The knock was not polite, and it did scared and woke me up.So everyone thinks staying here is fancy, and luxurious, everyone acting all high class, and its everyone's dream to experience a stay at the Bellagio. I finally did, and the experience, and my expectations were a different story. I didn't feel like I was at a fancy home a way from home. Not gonna be my top choice any time soon, but I do thank them for the complementary services.
5	Awesome price, came here for our anniversary, got a discount, great room, always clean, inside the hotel is he most amazing bakery and garden.. MUST SEE. Close to everything, watch fountains outside your window. Free parking and great scurity. LOVED IT!!!
4	I did return because the Palazzo was booked (see my previous review on the B). BUT, they did change their decor. It is no longer old-y. It is blue-y and modern-y. Room service took about one hour when ordering at 4pm. We got the rigatoni, rock shrimp wraps, lobster club with fries and two ranches, french onion soup, and doughnuts. Everything was delish save for the donuts. We wanted donuts!!! Not some hard, not-fresh, lots of sugar on top and crappy toppings-doughnut. Work on that please. And front desk, it isn't on the menu on your phone. Their extension is 7401. I think. Or you can call the bell desk and ask them to transfer you.
3	Make sure to ask for the VIP air.  We just stayed there June 25-27.  The temps were 100-107 outside.  If you are not a VIP, they put motion sensitive AC in your room and it turns off when you sleep.  I had no idea what the heck was happening.  I would wake up feeling like I was suffocating in the middle of the night and move the covers.  I would then be freezing.  This repeated all night.  I called in the a.m. to have the AC looked at because our room never really cooled down.  When the repair man came, he told me about the VIP air.  I could not believe it.  If I had known there would be no AC at night in the summer I would never have stayed there.  I am sure this hotel is fine during the winter, but avoid it during the summer unless you are a VIP.  Not sure what that entails . . .  but it is the only way you get the AC at night.
4	Just another yummy cafe. For starters we ordered the chicken tenders. It's somewhat like KFC's popcorn chicken just a bit bigger in size. I ordered their turkey sandwich and it was delicious! Loved the bread and the avocado aioli. Service was a bit slow but other than that they were all kind. If you're easy going and just want a hearty lunch, this is the place for you.MAKE SURE to wear shoes, shirt, and pants. I know that sounds silly but if you're out in the pool you need to wear clothes in order to dine, not swimwear
5	beautiful. huge. huge. huge.I love the fountain show outside, that was just spectacular and should be a part of everyone's visit in vegas!Next time we're in vegas I would like to spend a night here to see what all the hype is, but we loved walking in and getting lost, just checking out the decor and architecture!
2	Around 2000 a wave of new mega-hotels updated the Vegas strip, with the Bellagio a flagship (peers were Mandalay Bay and the Venetian).  These virtual towns (the B. had 3000 rooms, 10000 employees) included new diverse and even "destination" restaurants.  Some time ago, hearing about this booming restaurant scene (and seeing people like able sommeliers leave the SF area for Vegas careers), I organized some food-centric Vegas visits with several friends, using Bellagio as a base.  We checked out all its restaurants (and many others in town), stayed in various Bellagio accommodations, and by request I got a complete facilities tour, for planning possible future visits or events.  I could tell you more detail, from more experience, about the Bellagio complex's restaurants than most other Yelpers.I got to know the Bellagio well, warts and all -- the warts finally became excessive.The Bellagio brought some pioneering, classy eateries to Vegas at a wide range of prices.  Many are independently owned.  They and other Bellagio features added elegance to the Strip, offset by occasional false notes -- reminders that Las Vegas isn't just about elegance or good cooking.  Still, our food experiences were worthwhile, so 2 stars here instead of just one -- for the final incident that forced me to write off the Bellagio as a hotel.I'll skip over smaller gaffes, like changing suites twice in one stay from quirks like endless big gypsy-type moths emerging from an air vent ("they live here!" chuckled a maid); or on another visit, finding many room lightbulbs dead, implying no one ever checks them.On the third, which unexpectedly became the last, Bellagio stay, one friend, arriving from out of town, complained of raucous construction noise through his wall, making a much-needed nap impossible.I contacted the front-desk manager (Mgr1), who explained that the room next to my friend's needed repair after a guest "trashed" it.  (Good old Vegas.)  As amends, she invited my friend to visit the hotel's fancy fitness center and spa, waiving the usual fee.  My friend was satisfied.On departure, contrary to Mgr1's offer, the bill had a charge for the spa (something like $30).  I explained this to Mgr2, checking me out.  In a suspicious tone suitable for addressing lying children, Mgr2 claimed no knowledge or record of Mgr1's offer, and did not try to check the history of raucous repairs.  (Mgr1, naturally, was off-duty.   If I get a chance to check the trip notes, I'll add both managers' names here.)What clinched the unprofessionalism was Mgr2 seeming never to stop and consider that I might be honest, and what that would imply.  Nor show awareness of how serious broken promises are in a hospitality business.  Maybe some Bellagio guests, besides "trashing" rooms, do pull petty hustles like that (if so, it's another Bellagio reality worth knowing).  But this ball was in the B's court.  I insisted Mgr2 remove the mistaken charge -- the hotel, after all, had my California address (and credit-card info) and could always bill me later, were such a charge ever legit!Be aware, therefore, that you might well spend thousands of dollars in the Bellagio lodgings and restaurants (including hundreds just in tips), and still be stubbornly accused, via employee screw-ups, of cheating the hotel of $30.  Nor will you get any apology.  (Mgr2 possessed enough information to confirm my explanation and to follow up, if she gave a God damn about customer service and the Bellagio's image; she did not do so.)  It left a bad taste in my mouth.  $30 was zilch compared to the later business that the B lost after that episode.I've stayed at all sorts of lodgings around the US and elsewhere.  Even those much more modest than Bellagio would consider Mgr2's attitude unacceptable.  Yes, I could have invested more time to complain, written a letter.  Yet Las Vegas's hotel industry is highly competitive.  It was simpler just to warn people away from the Bellagio, and take our later Vegas hotel business to competitors, still within easy walk of the B's worthy restaurants.All part of the constant reminders of Las-Vegas-Strip priorities.  The touts and pimps out on the strip itself remind you pretty quick, if you take a stroll.  But even at what, a few short years ago, was LV's leading hotel, under veneers of elegance you can find bug infestations, lavish suites with dead lightbulbs, and desk clerks with an attitude from a seedy motel.  (With hourly rates.  And Free HBO.)
2	I booked a room in Feb. of this year for a hair show.I requested 2 queen beds, since there would be 3 of us sharing a room (which I stated on my reservation). When we arrived at the hotel on 6/22, Trisha the the reservation clerk told us unfortunately all they had was a room with a kingsize bed.when I told her that wouldn't  do she just stared back at me and did this half grin half smirk. After about 5 min. Of this nonsense I asked to speak to the mgr. who told me there were no other rooms available except for a smoking room(none of us smoke) and I guess to make it seem like he was doing us some huge favor he told us he that a family had already reserved it but he would let us have it (really?). This is supposedly  a 5 star hotel but the way they handled the situation left a very bad taste in my mouth and I will not be returning. P.S. The rest of the staff were extremely kind and welcoming.
4	This is a very niche-oriented review which I think is fine given there are over a thousand total reviews for Bellagio already.  I'm saying that I am a fan of the bar near the O theater with video poker and blackjack screens built into the bar.  The bartenders there were great.  Very friendly, made good stiff cocktails and there was no charge as long as you were killing time on the video gaming, playing a dollar a hand.  My son and I killed over an hour there for a total of $7.00 between us and had more than our share of Grey Goose ahead of our O show.  Oh yeah.... The Bellagio fountains are awesome, just in case you hadn't yet heard ;)
4	I stayed here during EDC week in Vegas & I really enjoyed my stay. Customer service is outstanding. I don't think I've ever been more comfortable at any other hotel than I was at The Bellagio. Also, the clerks at check in are so kind they gave me & my friends a very generous discount on our room. I will definitely consider staying here again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	When One thinks of Las Vegas, classiness is probably the last thing that comes to mind. However, Bellagio is very classy. Probably one of the most beautiful casinos that I have ever been in. It is an extremely well done hotel in every sense. Despite the massive size of the hotel, the service is on par with much smaller luxury hotels. Still my favorite hotel in Las Vegas.
4	I have stayed here twice now with my wife-lovely place to stay for a three day weekend on the strip. Buffet here is a pretty damn good one (as buffet's go that is..)I would go back and will....
3	I only stay here when I go to vegas as my friend loves the poker room...so do I. the rooms are nice and all but I stayed at the venetian before and I think their rooms are better.  Lots of nice things to see here if you don't want to gamble, the garden and art fixtures alone are super.
3	I booked two connecting queen rooms for nine people about a week ahead of time. When we got there, the lady at check in told us she only had one queen room available for us. How are we supposed to fit nine people in one room? It was absolutely terrible and some of us ended up sleeping on the floor. The buffet on the other hand was great. Food came out regularly and the waiters always came and refilled our drinks. I suggest going around 11-12 because it isn't as crowded. The pool area was another great experience. Although I recommend going in the morning when it isn't crowded but still sunny enough to tan. The only thing that kind of confused me was that all the pools were 3 1/2 feet?
1	Check in was horrible! Waited forever in what was unorganized . The front desk girl checking us informs us about resort fee which was ok because I knew. I also was to receive a 50.00 resort credit as a deal which she informs me the only way to get it is to pay 582.00 charge then after we check out they will give back to us in 10 to 14 days. I said no thanks! She then said oh that's too bad and then said well let me see if your room is ready. Take in mind its already 8:00 pm vegas time . We waited while they got out room ready and what a disappointment . You take your bags through the casino fighting the crowds get to the room and the only view I have is the top if a old building getting construction . Air conditioning didn't work ! Called downstairs and was told they would have someone check it out. Didn't happen. After two more calls they came still didn't get it fixed. I was so tired all i wanted to do is sleep by this time it's 11:00 Vegas time. Was told tomorrow they would fix and they didn't have anymore rooms unless I wanted to pay even more and upgrade! This is suppose to be a 5 star hotel???? I will never stay again . It's back to Mandalay bay for me for the pool. Poor service here at bellagio
5	The room was beautiful.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  Everything was easy, and that's what I look for.
5	The Bellagio and I, we have history.  A long history, winding back many years when my World of Warcraft guild was going to have a meet up there, but the guild split before we ever could get together in real life.  But from that time, I was intrigued by the Bellagio.  I have been to Vegas before but never splurged on the Bellagio, because it is rather pricey.  Then I started worrying that there was no way it could live up to my rather high expectations.Fear not!  It really was THAT awesome, and it was worth waiting for.  And now I'm spoiled, and worried that I can never go to Vegas again without staying here, because there's just no way to top this.  I followed the advice of a fellow poster and got the fountain-view room.  It was a bit more expensive, but so worth it.  You can listen to the music and see the fountains from the comfort of your own room, and then post pics on Facebook and make all your friends super jealous.The room looked like it had been recently renovated.  Big screen TV, tons of outlets to plug in all of the essential geek devices.  Modern and comfortable decor.Oh, and the bathroom.  I must dedicate a paragraph to this.  Spacious stand up shower, and a bath tub.   I didn't want to get out, it was perfect for soaking my sore legs from all the walking.  I want to redo my bathroom at home now!We went to a couple of the restaurants.  Olives was amazing.  Get a seat on the patio and you can have a front row seat to the fountains (I couldn't get enough of them).  You may get a little wet though depending on how the wind is blowing.  There's also a 24 hour convenience store type place right by the elevators.The pools were nice.  A bit crowded, but this was EDC weekend.  I like that there are fountains in the pool, so I could play in those as well.There's a beautiful botanical garden and tons of high-end shopping if that's your thing.The staff was all very attentive.  Check in and check out were very quick and easy.  Seems that there's always a free taxi waiting at the front, we had no wait at all.Overall this was an excellent experience.  I am most relieved that the little fairy tale that started in 2006 played out so beautifully.  It's going to be hard to top!
3	I'm a bit neutral about the lunch buffet compared to their dinner. The selection was there...but, nothing compared to their dinner. If it's your only buffet visit, wait for the dinner. I was there for their dinner buffet couple of years ago, I would rate it as one of the best ones I've had in Vegas.
4	I remember staying here for a weekend and was expecting it to be too mature of a place for us, young, girls to enjoy Vegas.However, this is one of the few times I was pleasantly mistaken. Staying at Bellagio was a great experience. The service from the front desk to the bell hop to the room service. Everything exceeded my expectations.The room was quite roomy for 2 double beds and even a living area. Customer service went beyond protocol- customer service with a smile would be an understatement.Bellagio ranks among the top places to stay, IMO, and I would recommend this spot to anyone planning a trip to sin city.
5	Me and my buddy got two separate suites both identical but different floors. The entrance to our room was very nice as well as the view! Blinds go up and down with a switch. 3 bathrooms in the room. The shower has a steam room built into it too! Swag Nonetheless I enjoyed my stay and they also have a Hermes store where I bought my belt. The casino was cool even though I got cracked
4	Stayed at the Bellagio from June 13-16th, 2013 to celebrate my aunt's birthday. Location: The location of the Bellagio is convienent. It is located on the Las Vegas Strip and is close by to many restaurants and shopping malls. Check In: The check in process was long but worth the wait. We had all of our questions answered about rooms and what not. The receptionists were very nice and apologized for our long wait which was very much appreciated. When we asked about what was in our originally booked resort room, they explained it. Also, since we decided that the room wouldn't meet all of our needs, they offered us an upgrade to a suite. So we accepted and they gave us a map of the hotel and our room keys and off we went.Room: We were in the Spa Tower on the 28th floor. When we got to the elevators that would take us up to the room, I was glad to see that there was a security guard on duty to make sure that only Bellagio guests were going in the elevators. Also, for the suites, you have to slide your room key to go up to your room or you wont get anywhere. So, we get up to the room and walk in and I was immediately in love! There was a living room area with a mini bar, unfortunately you couldn't take anything from it or else they will charge you. There were 3 bathrooms. 3 BATHROOMS! That's crazy! One of them was just a bathroom, one had a shower, and the other had a bathtub. 2 of the bathrooms in the bedroom had mirrors that had a TV in them as well. You could watch TV while you're getting ready. Thats insane! We got offered turn down service every night of our stay, and even though we said no 2 times we still got the chocolates which were awesome!Pools: The Bellagio has many pools! I went swimming in the main pool and it was refreshing! Considering it was hot outside, I needed to cool off. The pool was not freezing, but it wasnt boiling hot either. It was just right.Cafe Bellagio: We ate at the Cafe the first night. The food was so good. I had pasta and I dont remember what my parents had, but we all enjoyed our food greatly! The good thing about these restaurants in the hotel too are that you can charge the meal to your room and they just add it on to your bill.Overall, we had a fantastic stay at the Bellagio and I hope I can stay there again if we have the money for it.
5	Our favorite place to stay in Vegas!  It may not be the newest property, but the rooms are updated frequently, everything is clean and the clientele is classy.  It is very relaxing once you get past all the tourists in the lobby and atrium.  We have enjoyed a lot of pool time and many meals at Olives.  We prefer the Wynn buffet but this one is still pretty good.  The fountains are still impressive and a must see in Vegas.
4	Stayed there from July 12-16.  I think it is the Best Hotel in Las Vegas over all, in terms of Ambiance, Cleaness, Location, Food, Service, and Shows.  Let me Brieftly describe them.  The ambiance. You can see the World's best Water Show in front of the Hotel. The show goes on every 30 mins during day and 15 mins during night, if I remember correctly.  Just walk in the hotel lobby you can see the glass ceiling which they invested over $10 million alone will give you a feeling this Hotel is something.  The flower garden is pretty astonishing. Heard they change the decorations seasonal. The garden temperture stays cool even in the hottest day in Vegas.  Cleaness- Bellagio could be the crowdest hotel in Vegas and it still manage to keep most of the visible areas spot less.  Location- this is the 1st time I'm in Vegas, but I found out it is located in the heart of the Strip. Across the street is the Paris Hotel and Planet Hollywood  is next to it.  On the left is Ceasars and on the right is The Cosmopolitan.  Food- I only tried the Buffet Brunch there, so can't give too many words.  It was ok, not as good as I thought.  For around $60 ish for two, I think the Brunch in Wicked Spoon ($50's for two) at Cosmopolitian blew them away.  Service- I requested for a none smoking, fountain view when I booked the trip, but didn't get it when I arrived. The hostess was nice enough to change our room to a Fountain view room. It was a smoking room, the smell weren't strong enough to bother us so its acceptable.  Shows-Well, not to be Exaggerating, but if you come to Vegas and HAVE NOT SEE the "O"  at Bellagio, you haven't really been to Vegas.  Well, its just me.  I am a much bigger sports fan than a show fan, but I still fall in Love with that show.  Overall, Bellagio exceed my expectation.  Why I still give a 4 star instead of 5 then? Because I don't believe any thing is Perfect..haha.  And the toilet fits more in a motel than a 5 star hotel.
2	Lovely hotel, as you'd expect, but the service is shocking.We were here initially, then in LA for a few days and back here again for two nights.  We had booked a room for four people but on the first check in they said the room wasn't suitable for four.  They didn't propose to do anything about it, even though they could see we had booked for four people.  In the end we managed to get them to put two foldaway beds in and we managed OK.When we came back just now for the second visit they tried to charge us extra for the two foldaway beds.  When we said 'No' they went away and then came back and said it would be OK - No apology for trying to charge us extra.Also, trying to pull up to load/unload the car is a trauma.  Both times they waved me through to an area and then told me I couldn't park there.  After driving round the loop again they told me to pull up in the valet area where we then got abused by the valets.As I said, very nice hotel, food is good and the baggage people were very friendly but I couldn't recommend staying here.
5	Loved it.I came here for a work conference that was being held at the Bellagio and got to stay there.  Man, it really earns it reputation.Since work paid for the stay, I can't really comment too much on price but I can say, yes, it's expensive BUT if I had paid, I wouldn't have regretted it at all.Service promptness and friendliness is top notch.  Based on previous stays on the strip, Bellagio service blows any of the other resorts out of the water.  The food quality is excellent and everything is kept very clean.  It will be very difficult coming back to Vegas and staying anywhere else - Bellagio is hard to beat.
4	I was so excited to stay at the Bellagio but it just wasn't what I was expecting. The rooms were just basic no pizzazz! And for the price I would expect a little more. However the service we received was wonderful. The pool was nice but there was no music and very quiet and an older crowd. So if you're looking for a party pool or one with a little more atmosphere this wouldn't be the place for you. However if you are looking for a quiet pool this is your place.All the food and beverages are overpriced, basic coffee was almost $4 and domestic beer (yuck) was $8 where are the micro-brews? On Saturday night when we arrived back in our room we were surprised with a box of truffles and a handwritten note from the manager wishing us a Happy Anniversary! It was such a sweet and unexpected touch. The Hyde nightclub has a great view of the fountain and if you can get on the guest list you don't have to wait in line or pay and we also got free drinks. However it is too small for how many people they let in and I witnessed a bouncer just push a girl out of his way, he almost knocked her over!My only problem with our stay is the food and beverage credit. We had a $100 f&b credit and I wasn't sure if we had used it all up so I called the front desk about an hour before check out and she said we still had $23 this seemed about right. So after spending the $23 I expect a $0 bill. I was surprised when they charged my card $27 after saying I still had a f&b credit. The accounting on my bill doesn't show everything so I am unsure as to why I was charged. So if you have a f&b credit beware it seems as though they don't have a complete update at check out.Overall even with the crazy weather...figures they would have some major storm when we go, we had a great time and ready for our next visit.Since we go to Vegas every year we like to stay a different hotel so next year Aria or Caesars is calling my name...
4	Never stepped into any of the guest rooms, but the restaurants, casino, and bars are all great! The buffet at he Bellagio us one of my favorite buffets on the strip. The famous fountain is fun to watch, even though I've seen in many times. There are blogs out there with the play list and times, just google it.
5	Our first trip to Vegas, but after walking up and down the strip, we were glad we picked the Bellagio.  We liked that's it's right in the middle of the strip.  We were on the 26th floor with a great view of the fountains and the Paris hotel. I would stay there again just for the awesome view.  The room was spacious and quiet.  There are numerous pools, so we always found an open spot.  Went to the breakfast buffet and it was awesome, anything you could possibly want.
4	Bellagio hey hey ;)I had a nice time staying here with my boyfriend. We had a very nice room with a massive king bed and the room itself was clean and pristine. I didn't really like the sheets they used on the bed though because they were a bit scratchy for some reason. The big TV was legit and the bathroom was very pretty. However the toilet always flushed with such force that it scared me every time I flushed it lol The shower was a bit small and the shampoo smelled like citrus which wasn't my favorite but it did the job. Checking in was craziness since there were so many people at registration, but the employees working the desk were great and had us checked in in no time. The casino is very nice and I had a good time playing some blackjack for an hour or so (first time gambling!!) The pool was okay, I wish that they had a deeper pool because everything was 3.5 feet which made it feel like we were wading. The restaurants at the Bellagio were pretty legit though so that was fun, especially the Cafe in the Conservatory. Definitely a fun Vegas weekend!
5	5 stars across the board. If you can't be satisfied here then you may be to picky.  Staff is outstanding, rooms are clean/updated, and you can actually stay at reasonable rates if you have a little patience.  Not good for kids.
2	As a local, I normally do not go down to the strip. However, my husband and I were looking to do something "different" last night, and realized that it had been at least two years since we had been to the Bellagio to see the flowers.It was beautiful, as always. It was crowded, as always. After being picture freaks with our infant, we decided to walk around and see the shops. They have the basic ones, Tiffany, Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Dior.... you know, the list goes on.However, I am very disturbed with two things.1- The staff at Gucci was completely rude. My family has a decent house hold income, and can afford things in the store. I do not appreciate being followed around like I am some criminal ...as if you are waiting for me to throw something in the bottom of my non existent purse (I had a wristlet that can barely fit my cell phone in it.) ---We were looking in the children's section, and I had picked up a dress to flash my husband who was....maybe five feet away, I then put it back down, where it was. I showed him a few other items, and put them back..... where they belonged.As soon as we moved to the next section, which is 3 feet away in those designer stores, a staff member would come rushing in, to "fix" all the merchandise in that section. We were never asked if we needed help, or if we were finding everything OK until we were walking out. That is not the way to keep customers.2- When we went to leave, there was a line around the corner to get onto the elevators to the parking garage. I felt as if we were on the Titanic, and we were all fighting for the lifeboats. People were getting .......let's say, sassy, and rather choosy with their words. Making it very uncomfortable..... The art of the glass and the flowers would probably be the only thing that would draw us for another visit in the near future.
5	Ok, I must start this review with a question; How the devil did I go this long without reviewing one of the premier joints in Las Vegas? (all answers are quite welcome). This is one of the swankiest places on the famous Las Vegas Strip. So let me start with this, most places after ten years or without a major renovation look dingy and decrepit. Not so with the Bellagio, this place always looks tops o the pops. Don't be intimidated by they seemingly snobby exterior, come on in and bask in the class act that is the Bellagio! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Gorgeous architecture and simply beautiful ellegance at the Bellagio!! :)
4	Truly great restaurants, wonderful pool, fine rooms, lovely shops and fabulous decor.  Only problem is the infernal check-in wait time, which can be half an hour or more.
5	Had a fountain premier room and definitely worth it! Loved watching the fountains during the day and at night. The room was exceptionally clean and well decorated. My favorite hotel to stay in Vegas. The only negative that comes to mind is the checking in process. The lines were extremely long and very slow to check in.
5	When I come to Vegas this is the place I want to stay.  Been here several times and love it.
4	OMG this hotel is just GORGEOUS!!! I feel like a Goddess...meow. I didnt get to stay here but we went to The Bank. The pools looked amazing from the inside. LOL  Definitely a place I would stay maybe next time! They have a really fun garden somewhere and lots of tourists were there taking lots of photos!
5	It has been almost a year since our last stay at the Bellagio, and in my opinion, things have gotten even better. Perhaps it is the newer competition that has driven Bellagio to step up its game.My newest favorite at Bellagio (and it's really not that new, just new to me) is the VIP Cypress Lounge at the pool area. Drop $75 a person, per day, and you get the most comfortable lounger, freebies like mini cups of virgin smoothies, cool cucumbers, and tasty orange sections. More importantly, you get personalized attention when you want it. Service is with a big friendly smile. The patrons there seemed less inclined to show off their bodies and tans, and were a more mellow crowd than the groups fighting over lounge chairs and umbrellas, drinking carelessly, shouting and causing a ruckus. It was so relaxing. This is the only way to do a pool day at the Bellagio!Another thing I noticed was the abundance of drink attendants throughout the casino. They were actually more personable than ever before. No waiting to flag someone down, having to spend more time at a slot machine because you're tied to it waiting for the server to bring your drink order. One of the major standouts to us was that we ate at fewer Bellagio restaurants this time and tried a couple of sister restaurants to Bellagio's greatest Yellowtail (Japanese) and Picasso (French). We ate at the recently opened Kumi (Japanese) at Mandalay Bay and Julian Serrano (Spanish Tapas) at Aria. They were a disappointment, to say the least, compared to their Bellagio outposts. Bellagio definitely scores way ahead of the other MGM properties in the restaurant department. As an aside, the new alliance between MGM/M Life and Hyatt is a real bonus now. If you are a member of both frequent guest programs, you can earn points and stays which is a real plus for us Hyatt die-hards. Stay and spend money at Bellagio (or any other MGM Las Vegas property with a few exclusions) and you can earn Hyatt Gold Passport points and stay credits. Finally, a quasi-Hyatt presence in Las Vegas!  Just gives us more reason to head back to the Bellagio!
5	This placed is designed for the people that demand perfection.  I have stayed here once before but I myself am a little too dirty to enjoy the high class atmosphere this establishment provides.
5	I'd say one of the absolute greats in Las Vegas!
5	This past weekend I came from California to Vegas to visit friends with the missus. We've stayed all over the strip on many occasions, some earlier this summer, and this was a first for us at the Bellagio. This place is Awesome! one of my already  favorite areas of the entire strip is the fountain show on the strip, and  one of my new favorite spots, and  most memorable on this trip,  was walking through the garden near the concierge desk. It is my understanding that this large floral display changes with the seasons and I quite liked summer. The best day consisted of spending much of the heat of the day at the pool. We then, like our last visit, contacted Secilee at vegasdrybar.com to come to our room to do my wife's hair and makeup. Cheap, and I don't have to get up ;-) Later we dined at the Bellagio Buffet and had the Gourmet dinner. We ended the night by going for a few drinks at The Bank. My wife especially liked the club. She proceeded to dance all night with her friends. I like coming to Vegas for the affordability, convenient drive from Socal, and the options on the strip. I try to stay somewhere different every time I come back, but I will highly consider making the Bellagio the only hotel I've ever stayed at twice!
5	Love Love this place! The rooms are spacious, updated, and clean. The location is PERFECT, right in the center of the strip, so you can walk to either end of the strip without taking a taxi or reaching your destination feeling extremely tired. The Bellagio is our favorite place to stay every time we go to Vegas!
3	This is such a classic hotel, and we really enjoyed our stay here. Our room was gorgeous and we could see the fountains from our window. Very cool! However, this place is MASSIVE. I was overwhelmed. We had family on other floors and had trouble finding them, and couldn't even go up to some of their levels. Too much!Personally, if I come back to Vegas and I'm footing the bill, I'll head to the Wynn or Encore where I'll have a wider range of food options, especially in the room. But we had a nice time and I certainly wouldn't refuse if I was invited here again!
2	The rooms were really nice with large bathrooms and extremely comfortable beds.  However, with the exception of one of the housekeepers and one of the buffet waitresses, every staff member we encountered was pretty bad.  First it was the waitress that was shocked to hear I liked my appetizer since she said it doesn't look like it would be that good.  Then the cocktail waitress that wouldn't get me a drink after I got up and moved to a slot machine about 3 feet away right before she showed up because it "wasn't her section".  We played for about 3 hours and my husband got 1 drink and I got 0 (he was still in the "correct" section when she showed up, and the other sections apparently had no waitresses).  Then we finally went to the bar to buy a drink and as I was about to put money in the video poker, a guy 2 seats down said his wife and son are sitting there and he was saving them.  The bartender just stared at us and didn't bother to ask if we wanted to order a drink or anything.  So we left there in search of somewhere we could just sit and have a drink (I was so frustrated by then with the lack of customer service anywhere in the hotel that I had to hold back tears).  We walked over to the sports book bar and finally got 2 drinks for $24 plus tip.  Never had to work that hard or pay that much for a drink in any other casino.  The final straw in our customer service nightmare was when we saw they were selling passes for $15 to cut in line at the buffet.  Really, Bellagio?  Oh, I forgot about the front desk staff that were too busy bitching about a bad guest that we stood there for about 20 seconds while waiting for them to finish their conversation before checking us in.I would like to point out that I am low maintenance and super easy to please - all it takes is a smile to get good marks from me on customer service.  After our first night at the Bellagio, we pretty much avoided eating or gambling there & even considered checking out and going somewhere else.  We hung in there since I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt, but every chance I gave them they disappointed us - it definitely was not an off night, their service just sucks.
5	Bellagio is nice and I hope to see "O" one day there -- need better planning.  It's not my favorite hotel to stay but many of my friends love staying here.  But when I'm in Vegas, I make it my mission to feast at the Bellagio's dinner champaign buffet!  For $40, you just can't find a better deal anywhere on planet earth!  I come to Vegas not to gamble (no dinero and bad luck at gambling) but to feast on the buffets, watch the shows and catch up with friends who live in various places in different continents.  My favorite buffet is Bellagio's.  (The rooms are nice -- seen the rooms my friends stay at this cool resort -- I prefer staying at Mandalay Bay.). Everything at Bellagio's buffet is exceptionally fresh, nicely cooked and delicious!  The desert is simply to die for.  The trick is to pace yourself and be very nice to the folks who attend to your table -- my buds and I stay for a couple of hours and pre-tip our servers generously in advance.  Eat everything in moderation and you will get your money's worth.After a two plus hour eating and catching up with my buds (including our female friends), I go nap in my friends' rooms at the Bellagio while they go gambling and shopping.  (I don't gamble -- I spend my dinero on shows and more food.). One can eat like a King or Queen at Bellagio's  buffet.  Give yourself at least 90 minutes and you will get your money's worth!   The food is fabulous!!!'
5	Classic Classy Hotel- favorite place to stay on the strip other than the Cosmo of course :)
4	Since its opening nearly 20 years ago (is it really that old?), the Bellagio has been one of, if not the most, iconic hotels on the Strip.  Being heavily featured in the Ocean's Eleven remake certainly helped, but it was hardly necessary.  Not with the giant lake and the famed fountains sitting in front of such a gorgeous hotel!While I've wandered through the hotel every time I've been in Vegas (at the very least to see the conservatory), I had never stayed at the Bellagio until this most recent trip.  Thanks to a promo code one of my friends found, I ended up splitting a Two Queen room with one of the birthday boys (there were five birthday boys/girls in total) for a pretty good rate that included a resort credit.Although our room was in their original (read: older) tower, everything had been renovated with an updated look.  Just about all of the standard Vegas amenities were present (mini bar, iron, ironing board, iHome, safe, and multi plug outlet board for devices/internet but no hairdryer), but nothing stood out other than the pristine and spacious bathroom.  Still a great room to stay in though, and kudos to housekeeping for turning down our beds each night.-- Beds (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bellagio-las-vegas-3?select=VUQMLWW7ZKMvn1xGf42F-g#Lzs3ccozaRr7Ho8RuiyswA)-- TV/Mini Bar (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bellagio-las-vegas-3?select=VUQMLWW7ZKMvn1xGf42F-g#PYnKIxlfHVCEt3J_uDE9Bg)-- Bathroom (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bellagio-las-vegas-3?select=VUQMLWW7ZKMvn1xGf42F-g#yPa3JjpA18c7rs3-wySiQg)-- Shower (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bellagio-las-vegas-3?select=VUQMLWW7ZKMvn1xGf42F-g#6ZOxDLMm84JYvWH1iCwewA)For what the rooms lacked in uniqueness though, the rest of the hotel's signature features made up for in spades - the ceiling at the front desk with the blown glass artwork, the conservatory with ever changing decorations and themes, the wealth of in-house shops and eateries, and the aforementioned Bellagio fountains.  As a place to stay, I still prefer Aria and Cosmopolitan for their more modern and trendy feel, but Bellagio is right there with them as a hotel overall.  There's no arguing with the subtle luxury of the hotel and the fact they've maintained that feel for so many years speaks volumes.  Plus, they're at the center of it all on the Strip!
1	this place is for snobs.  we come to Vegas 3 times a year and the best hotels are not the 4 star snobby ones their the average priced relaxing ones.The refridges are empty so you can actually use them for drinks you like .The workers and people staying there are nice and friendly.you can wear what you want and not feel out of place if your not wearing a suit or 5 inch heels with a hoochie short skirt .I swear you cant tell the paid ones from the visitors anymore.all the walking you do in vegas cmon its all for vanity .No thanks i would never be so fake!
4	The Bellagio is the 4th Hotel I've stayed in since visiting Las Vegas, and it's by far been one of my favorites.I had a sales conference and we occupied 70% of Caesars Palace, so The Bellagio was the destination for overflow reservations.  The Bellagio is a luxurious, very brilliant looking venue. The layout of the casino is easy enough to navigate from one place to another.  This was a major plus for me since I had to navigate my way to Caesar's every day.My room was comfortable, and well decorated.  My only complain about my room would be the bathroom.  The glass door for the shower was hung crooked.  To the point that if I had the proper tools, I could've fixed the door myself.  With the door being crooked, it allowed pools of water to flow onto the floor.  I didn't notice the water on the floor until I was dressed and almost fell in it at 6:30am.  Instead of flipping out on the front desk, I simply used the additional towels to soak up the water whenever I had to shower.  I made it work.Housekeeping was very kind and attentive. There were multiple people who would greet me, ask how I was doing, how my day was going, what brought me into town etc...I think that's a nice touch.  There's nothing wrong with making your guests actually feel like a guest.This place also has one of the most well known attractions...The Fountains!  Quite the mesmerizing display I have to admit.  The water explodes into the air and dances to music. It's impressive in the day time, or even at night when they have it lit up with lights.  What's also great about this place is the location.  It's right in the middle of the strip.  Great for wanting to venture north or south on foot.  I enjoyed The Bellagio, and I look forward to coming back again.
4	Good experience here. Just love de design of the Hotel and especially in the hall. The water show is great of course. Even our room was cleaned in the afternoon when we where just in and took a quick shower.
5	Bellagio is a gorgeous hotel. The atrium is spectacular and actually reminded me of wonderland while I was there.
5	One of my favorite Vegas hotels. I've never stayed in the hotel, but you don't have to stay in a hotel in Vegas to like it!The almost magical Bellagio fountains out in front of the hotel display an amazingly well coordinated light & water show set to great music (like Frank Sinatra)! It's cool during the day, but it's so much better at night when the lights in the water add another level of cool to the display!The lobby has a beautiful blown glass ceiling in a rainbow of colors. Just beyond the lobby is an atrium that always kind of seems like a piece of Wonderland. The decorations they use change depending on the time of year, but it's always amazing and beautiful. This last trip out to Vegas, it was like you were bug sized in a huge garden---towering flowers, huge snails, big birds, kites attached to the ceilings, etc.The casino is your normal casino, but it just has an air of being classy, which I enjoy.
5	Stay there.  Great customer service, great experience.  Beautiful all around and I have to say I don't want to stay anywhere else ever again.Plus it was probably icing on the cake that I left UP $150 when I was gambling.
5	Amazing hotel. We had a room with a great view of the fountains! There's a channel on the tv that you can hear the music that the fountains are "dancing" to. The pool area was also very nice & calm.
2	I was super excited when we booked to stay here for our mini-moon so writing a poor review comes as a surprise. The hotel is old and needs a refresher, compared to the new spots like the Wynn and Aria Bellagio left much to be desired. The casino is dark and the rooms were just typical.We paid $80 a night for an upgrade since we were honeymooning, this gave us a view of the fountain which was very cool. However the room was small and smelt like sewer. We also heard gurgling in the pipes in the middle of the night which we were told was normal since the hotel was so large. I've stayed at over five other Vegas hotels and never heard of this!  The food options are terrible and all but the Bellagio Cafe close before 11pm so if you want a late night snack your stuck with very limited options.  I understand they used to cater to the wealthy however since they are now open to the general public they need some middle of the road options of food not just expensive sit down restaurants. The Pool was the worst I've seen in Vegas, BORING!!! Just a big square that goes to 3 1/2 feet.Now that MGM owns them they have really gone downhill, I left feeling very UNDERWHELMED and regretting not booking at the Hotel at Mandalay Bay or Aria. Do yourself and your wallet a favor and opt for another hotel. Venetian is awesome!
5	This was the second time we've stayed at The Bellagio and it remains a very positive experience.It was a lot more busy this time and the pool area was particularly crowded; but the staff seems to cope extremely well.Didn't bother eating at any of the restaurants or buffets as there was always a queue - but you'll get this at most location on the Strip.This is a fantastic hotel which accommodates for all tastes and age groups and I would not hesitate to go back.
4	Clean, modern, and upscale, this hotel screams classy at its best. The hotel lobby is colorful and bright. The people are professional and courteous, always trying to make your stay more pleasurable. The state of the art rooms are spacious, but a bit dim. The pool area is massive. The grounds are well kept with beautiful floral architecture. Though this place may seem more fit for the silver crowd, us middle agers enjoyed our quiet stay here.
5	Big nice room, BIG bathroom for a standard hotel room....had a huge seperate tub and then a seperate walk in shower....woo! Wear comfy shoes because the place is HUGE....walked my stupid feet off in high heel wedges...came home with blisters...but I was cute, right??Casino is pretty clean considering, it'sa casino and everyone smokes....but it wasn't terribly smoky. Lots of slots, my favorite being the Sex in the City machine! Won $500 on $20.....but then like everyone else does, my stupid ass put it back in the machine throughout the next 2 days and lost is all.Several nice restaurants and shops.....the conservatory garden is beautiful! Stop by the largest chocolate fountain.The biggest attraction at the Bellagio is the fountains...gorgeous choreographed sprays to music...and its free to all. The 2nd attraction is in their theatre...the Cirque Du Soleil show "O". I have never seen anything so stunning...amazing music, acrobats, all in WATER!! I've seen a few other Cirque shows, but this one was the best by far.....and 7 rows from the front I had an amazing view of it all....yep, beeee jealous!!I can't tell you anymore about my experience because you know what they say about Vegas..........
2	Very nice hotel. Beautiful, large and clean rooms. However, customer service was not so great. Overall, the place just felt stuffy and staff was not very friendly. Upon checkout the girl at the desk didn't even bother to ask us how are stay was or thank us for staying there. She just said hello and then handed us our bill. I am fairly easy to please, but when I'm paying for a hotel like this I expect you to at least pretend you appreciate my patronage.
4	I have stayed here several times and each time overlooking the fountains. They are pretty for awhile but its beyond them where the action is packed! The hotel is very large and it seemingly takes long to get to an elevator... of course excited to get out to party and exhausted from the night out on the town! The rooms are comfortable but nothing spectacular. I would imagine they boast some great suites though. Its just a very large hotel but located central to the strip so I can give it 4 stars!
3	*Sigh*Though MGM Mirage Resorts has done a better job of keeping up the Bellagio than their other previously Wynn owned properties, you can see her beauty has faded a bit. All of the elegance that Steve Wynn put into this hotel is still there, just like I said, faded, a bit dated, and somewhat empty feeling - many of the machines and gaming areas could use an update as well but they do their jobs, which is to take your money while you wait for your complimentary beverages while trying to outsmart a video poker machine that was new and technologically advanced in 1994.
3	My husband & I recently stayed at the Bellagio hotel we hadn't ever stayed there before & were expecting it to be top notch since it isn't exactly cheap to stay there. I'm giving them a 3 for a number or reasons I realize not everyone's experience won't be the same. Pros:1. The woman at the concierge desk was so extremely nice she blew me away she made sure Greg & I were well taken care of at the restaurant FIX & she told us all of her favorite things to eat. Also the woman who checked us into the hotel was very sweet & I could tell wanted to impress us. 2.  FIX the restaurant was absolutely delicious! I highly recommend going there for dinner & getting the tacos & the fried Mac & cheese so so good. They were prompt with service & the waitress even placed our napkins in our laps which I found odd but still it is a very high class place. 3. The sweet woman in the shop across from the elevators. She was so sweet & exhausted but she helped us & even chatted it up with us for a little while. 4. Gorgeous downstairs & for the most part everyone that worked there was nice & said good morning or hello when you crossed their path. Cons:1. We got there early so I didn't expect a room to be ready right away & was told that they'd text us when our room was ready. We arrived at 7am & still didn't get a text by 12:30pm which sucked cause we still had to get ready for the event we had planned at 2pm we also had a drive ahead of us & didn't know what the traffic would be like. So we called to check to see if the room was done or if another one like the one booked was available yet. Well the room wasn't ready it was suppose to have a garden/pool view we asked if another one exactly like it was ready otherwise we'd still wait. They switched us to another one which I assume was suppose to be like it I could be wrong but they told us to go up to that room after almost getting to the elevators they called to say go to the front desk for new keys to activate. We got to the desk & the new lady was pretty rude we told her what happened she got all pissy & said "who are you? Let me see your ID." My husband gave it to her and she then looked up the room she said "it isn't even listed on here so I'll have to give you something else like it." She gave us the new card keys & we headed up to the room. It was pretty lame we got a king size bed but there was nothing special about the room or the view we got a view of the freeway definitely a downgrade from the garden/pool view. The tub & pillows are nice though.2. After a long day at the Vegas speedway we wanted to take a nap & refresh our batteries for the night out, we were on our way up to our room when we were stopped at the elevator entrance by someone that worked there he yelled "um excuse me you two! Room keys?" I wouldn't have minded him saying this but since we were the only ones he stopped to see the room keys it was rude & I didn't appreciate the look or tone of voice he gave us. I'm not sure if he was having a crappy day or didn't want to be there. At the end of the trip although I liked the food at fix & some of the people that worked there I wasn't the impressed with the hotel rooms or the view. I don't think id stay here again unless it was extremely discounted.
4	I just like it :)
4	We are fans of Bellagio and we haven't stayed here once.  Every time we go to Vegas we check out the Water Show which is a family favorite and the conservatory.   Usually drop some money in the slots too.  Now the water show is a must see and usually quite crowded.  Music, lights and water shooting up into the air.  Whats not to like really?  The show is every 15 to 30 minutes depending on the time of day.  We always watch at night....it just seems much more dramatic.   And on warm nights its refreshing because you can feel the water spray and it makes you really cool off too.  Just a relaxing free thing to do in Vegas and who doesn't like that?  The conservatory is beautiful and depending on the season it is decorated appropriately and it is just a beautiful area to take pictures and wonder around in.   We got to enjoy Autumn harvest.  As you can imagine pumpkins, lots of fall colors, flowers and a grist mill and giant cornucopia.  Beautiful. Now because of fellow yelpers I must check out the John Philippe chocolate that until now I've know nothing about.   We are already planning  our next Vegas trip and are planning on staying here...so we can update soon.
4	Awesome Place,the room very clean,the food is Very Nice,the People so Nice.I'm a Fan!!!
4	We always have a great stay here, although the glamor may have faded after 15 years and it may have lost some of it's pezazz now that the Aria and Cosmopolitan have opened up next to it the past couple of years. We still find the Bellagio sophisticated and warm at the same time. The restaurants in the Ballagio are hit and miss I will have to say. But the staff is pure class.
3	Hands in the air, shoulders shrugged, not sure what to say about Bellagio. I am a frequent Las Vegas visitor, I have stayed at just about every major hotel/casino on the strip. On this last trip the purpose of my trip was work related, at least the first few days were dedicated to business. My employer made the travel plans and booked us all rooms at Bellagio. First off it is a perfect location located smack dab in the center of the strip and all the action. The lobby is beautiful, the entire resort is beautiful and clean. All that being said I still have a hard time giving this place more than 3 stars based on my own personal preferences and experiences. Check in lines were a joke, I waited over 35 minutes in line to check in and then waited another 30 minutes for my bags from the bell desk once I got to my room. I requested and paid extra for a room with a fountain view, about $30 a night extra. When I got to my room all I really had was a view to their parking deck and a corner of the fountain pond, what a joke. When I called down to the front dest to ask about a different room they could not accomodate me.  As beautiful as this place is it feels a little stuffy to me, I like a more upbeat vibe in a casino.  IMO opinion this place is more suited for an older crowd, I think my parents would absolutely love this place, I prefer the Cosmo next door and that's why when business ended I grabbed my bags and checked in next door to the Cosmoplitan for the weekend. On a positive note the Bellagio has an amazing fitness center, one of the best I have used while staying in Vegas.
5	This review is based on the waterfall only its a must everytime I come to vegas I was soo happy they changed the music to my faaaaaavorite MJ song Billie Jean. I love the show its amazing what you can do with water and sprinklers
4	The Bellagio is a gorgeous hotel with an amazing lobby. The only trouble is there are tons of tourists walking around looking for fun which is great and all but it can really take a long time to get around the place. Just plan extra time to get anywhere and plan to walk slow. The spa is nice and they have a great salon where you can get your hair and make-up done. I go there on most trips and I always leave feeling fabulous. There are several great restaurants there like Prime and Picasso's that I recommend. Also, the piano bar in the front is a great place to people watch and they serve caviar. I only gave 4 stars though bc while it's a beautiful place it could use some updating as it's been there quite a while and it's starting to show its age. And it has a rep for having some of the tightest slots in town so you may want to stick to the card tables here. The Bank is the nightclub here and I really like it. They usually have a good dj remixing top 40. It may not be the most flashy club out there but they treat you really well, especially the ladies and it's a lot of fun. Also, O is the cirque show here. It is outstanding and I highly recommend seeing it. I've been twice and I never see shows twice! Oh and let's not forget the fountains out front. If you get a res far enough in advance at Prime, request a table next to the window so you can watch them from dinner.
3	Checking in is a pain in the butt... It's always super busy, as expected for a hotel in Vegas. We didn't want to wait 30 mins for our bags to be delivered to our room so we had to wheel them through the busy casino. Once as got to our room though it was smooth sailing. The people here have all been great and the restaurants are great!
5	Excellent experience! The staff is very helpful and friendly, the rooms are very nice, the hotel scenery is great. Plenty of shops inside. The water show is a must see. Conference rooms very nice, only small pick is they are far from the rooms. Would definitely stay here again.
5	What can I say that you don't already know? This place is legendary. It'll murder your checking account, but it's worth it just to experience staying and partying here.
3	This review was for the buffet, um it took them about an hour to sit a party of 16. Then when we paid they wanted to seat the ones with the champagne deal on one end if the table and such. The food was good really yummy. I enjoyed it.
5	Stayed only the one night in a fountain view room. Couldn't fault it. The service, facilities, room and entertainment is exemplar. Wish we could have afforded to stay a second night. We would have changed our plans to do so. The bed was absolutely beautiful, pillows the softest on out trip. The room was big, clean and luxurious. Nothing was out of place. Loved the turndown service, all staff went above and beyond. I was embarrassed I wasn't carrying more cash to tip them more. Being an Aussie I'm not used to tipping. I gave the Excalibur 2 stars and Bellagio 5. It was worth plebbing in the 1star hotel 4 nights so we could afford some 5 star service.
4	I'm admittedly a bit of a hotel snob. When it's a five star hotel, there are certain amenities that you get used to or expect, and while Bellagio certainly isn't the worst hotel I've stayed in, it's not the best. Check-in was a bit of a wait, standing behind hordes of tourists, but the staff were pleasant enough. The foyer, with its grand Dale Chihuly installation, is admittedly rather lovely.Our room was nice- spacious, clean, and well-equipped. Our view was of the pool and spa area, and on the 20th floor- we didn't hear a peep from any of our neighbours, which I appreciate. The bathroom, while spacious, had a shower that didn't drain well, and the shower head was small and needed a proper cleaning. I realise this is the most 'first world problem' thing I've probably ever said on Yelp, but the towels were incredibly rough and scratchy. The bed was large and a bit firm, but very comfortable.The pool area was nice, but the temperature of the pool was borderline freezing- my companion didn't want to get in- I swam one lap in the large pool and got out shivering. I'm not certain if the pool is heated, but if it is, they need to heat it a bit more. Drinks by the pool, as expected were somewhat overpriced ($40+ for a Hendricks gin and tonic and a double rum and coke), but that's Vegas for you.All in all, our stay was pleasant, but not enough for me to insist on staying again. Next time I'll probably check out Aria or the Mandarin Oriental for a bit more of an upscale  experience.
2	The lobby is nice and people are friendly, that's all good until you get to your room.  First the window were so dirty that you could hardly see outside.  We had ticket from a dry cleaning from the people who stayed there before us that wasn't clean.  The table lamp wasn't even hook to the electricity so I had to crawl under the table. And the worst part, we had molds in the ceiling of our shower.  We asked the front desk to have someone come and clean it but it never happened.   I would not recommend this hotel.  there are so many other hotels that are so much better.
5	I had the pleasure of working with Amy and Laura from the Concierge.  They are both morr than helpful and made my trip one of the best ever.  Bellagio is one of the best resorts ive ever had the chance to stay at.
3	My stay at the Bellagio was fine, as always. This is the first time I've reviewed it, though, and there were a few things that were off. First, the price does not match the quality. They are much more expensive because of the name and history but the actual quality of the rooms is above average compared to others on the strip.The restaurants are great, albeit overpriced again, but the fact that we had to cross the street to Paris in order to get a decent lunch (the first two restaurants that we went to at the Bellagio itself were not great) is a shame. They need to feed people during the day as well as at night.
3	We stayed in the Spa Tower and it is a skip.  The Spa Tower is to the left (if you are looking at the fountains and it is behind the main tower.  You can still see the fountains but it is not impressive, it is much more impressive to pay the 19 dollars/person and go up in the Eiffel Tower.  The Spa Tower is also a hike through the hotel.   I would suggest if you want to stay at the Bellagio and are willing to pay a premium make sure you stay in the main tower and skip the Spa Tower.
5	If you're in Vegas, stopping at the Bellagio has to be mandatory.  I go once a season to see the free gardens & free fountains.  The fountain has a new show every 15-20 minutes, so you won't have to wait long. Also, I just learned that the Bellagio also houses the World's Largest Chocolate fountain!
2	After staying in many Las Vegas hotels over the years, I finally gave the Bellagio a try for a weekend.  Unfortunately I wasn't overly impressed.  The rooms were nice - not great -  and the service was actually quite poor.  We had a rude encounter with an elevator security guard and a life guard at the pool.  It seems as though many at the hotel have become a bit snobby, resting on their reputation of the past.In talking with people staying at the hotel, many seemed to care more about bragging to friends back home that they stayed at the Bellagio than about the level of service the hotel provided.  I'm not trying to impress the Jonses when I stay at a hotel.  I'm there to relax and enjoy myself, not be looked down upon by those who are supposed to make my stay enjoyable.On a side note, we dined at Picasso one night and the meal and service was terrific.
2	I thought my stay at the Bellagio would be great; great service, great food, great rooms, etc. Unfortunately, it was anything but. We were first being informed our room was not ready (THREE TIMES and after the check in time), I found the room to be small and without the modernity other resorts offer on The Strip. When my husband and I went to breakfast, we were ignored by the staff. They talked at their station for ten minutes before even coming to the table. Then my coffee cup and plate were dirty, covered in messy syrup. While the concierge tried to make the experience better, by offering us a room upgrade, it did NOT make up for their lack of service. They even had the audacity to say that the dirty dishes were not their responsibility because they do not run the restaurant. The last time I checked, the resort runs everything and they are all owned by the same company. The only thing that was great at the Bellagio was Pam in the Salon. She did my hair for my elopement and I couldn't have asked for anything better. She understood my style. Pam was a blast to talk to and work with and even though I won't be staying at the Bellagio next time, I will definitely stop in to see Pam!Although some of the staff was fantastic, the overall experience we had was awful.  The room upgrade was nice, but not enough for all of the horrible service throughout the resort.
5	Bellagio is one of my favorite hotels to stay at while I'm in Vegas because the rooms are spacious and clean. Hotel staff are all friendly and courteous. It's just a great all-around experience.If you're like me and don't like feeling cramped into a tiny room to be shared with others, I would recommend getting the two-bedroom penthouse suite. Each bedroom comes with a his and hers bathroom, plus there's a guest bathroom as you enter. That means 5 of you can worship the porcelain god in unison after a big night of heavy drinking and bad decisions. The beds are so heavenly that you don't want to get up once your head hits the pillow. Standard rooms are also pretty spacious compared to other hotels.There's always something interesting to see in the conservatory which changes for each season and Chinese New Year. Definitely many photo ops when it's not too crowded from all the tourists. It's practically deserted around 4am.You have to see the fountain show at least once amongst all your Vegas visits. It goes on every half hour during the day and every 15 minutes in the evening until midnight. Don't get a fountain view room if you need your beauty rest because you will constantly be hearing a thunder-like sound (but then again, WHO THE HELL sleeps that early in Vegas?!?)Raymond the bartender, who is usually near the baccarat room, is a great guy to chat up if you're looking to get some latenight drinks. You'll have a great time playing spot-the-hooker and he'll make great recommendations on local spots to eat.
4	Drunk in public. Not one f^&* was given. Love the Bellagio. They have a cool chocolate fountain in their sweet shop which is to the right of the main entrance. I think it's in the Guiness book of records for some reason. Largest? Tallest? It's neat. They also have a seasonal exhibit that's free to walk through to the right of the main entrance. When I was there most recently, it was a fall scene. Water wheel, talking trees, Chihuly leaves. Neat!
4	I didn't stay at the hotel, but I did get to park here -- FOR FREE! That's a great perk to people visiting the strip. You can park at the Bellagio, make your way out through the hotel, catch the decor in their lobby - changed seasonally, and then head out to the strip and catch the dancing fountains. Right now  they're being shown on the quarter hour (aka every 15 minutes).I'm very happy to say that they believe in seasons. They didn't have their Christmas decor up yet, and I was able to see the last vestiges of their Autumnal decorations in the atrium. I absolutely loved the Ent and the talking Tree. The covered bridge and scarecrow all made me smile.  Their decorating staff is the tops!
5	Spa tower suites @ Belagio make it the best hotel in town for under a 1000.00 per night.
4	Couteous staff, clean spacious rooms, and a great location in the middle of the strip. Stayed at Venetian previously and I thought Bellagio was a much better experience. Will happily return.
4	This place is great! The only reason why I'm giving the 4 stars instead of 5 is because Mason, the bellmen, decided to steal the $40 I paid for the dry cleaning and charge it to my room. When I order the dry cleaning they told me I had to pay cash or drop a card at the front desk. I knew something was up when he arrived 30 minutes late with no receipt. How low! Is $40 worth it Mason?? Everything else was great. Katya checked us in early and was really nice & professional. The room was awesome! I would stay there again. Hopefully Mason, the cash pocketing bellmen will not be working.
5	When I go to Vegas I usually pick this hotel. We are a VIP member here and usually get the penthouse suite here. The rooms are very clean and spacious. It is my favorite hotel in Vegas. I've been to the Wynn, aria, flamingo, and the Encore and this is still my fav.     Their buffet is very good. I usually have it any time I go here. So if u are going to Vegas I totally 100% recommend this hotel.
2	I was super excited to stay here thinking it would be one of the better hotels in Vegas. I was wrong and it started that way at check in.There were no clear lines so we just got in line behind a couple that was already checking in. When the couple finished, and walked away, we looked at the desk lady and she called us over. As we were walking up, some douche bag who worked there zooms in front of us, puts his arm out in front of my boyfriend and gestures for another couple to come over and be helped by this lady who already called us over. When we told him we were waiting in line and that the lady had called us over, the guy than said oh I didn't see you there. But I will find you a line as he walks off to talk to other people.. No apology at all, and the couple he rushed in front of us had walked in behind us. I turn around to look for my sister, and she was with another desk clerk checking in. I walked over to her and let her know if the guy she was working with, if we could get two rooms on the same floor. The guy than said, the rooms were not ready and they only have one room ready with a king bed. WTF what happened to reservations we made two months ago?? I know we're ten minutes early to the 3'o clock check in time but that shouldn't matter. So I asked when the second room would be available and he said he didn't know. But could offer us two rooms with two queen beds instead. We just took that, it was raining out, I was tired of the hotel already. The rooms were ok, nothing fancy, not worth the hype of Bellagio at all. My room had chocolates left or us, but my sister's did not. Inconsistency. I didn't find this out till the last day, but my sisters room reeked of smoke and she definitely does not smoke. But she just got used to the smoke of Vegas so she didn't smell it in her room.  But I did and I know for a fact that we reserved two non smoking rooms. Ah, and upon getting home, we find out the hotel charged my sister an extra 100$ to her bill. She had no extra services at the hotel, barely even spent time in her room.Bellagio, clean up your act. I had a better stay and a nicer room at NewYorkNewYork.
5	I'm starting Vegas Week, reviewing all my Vegas hotels I've been to in the last year.Let me start off with Bellagio is fine as they come, beautiful entrance, beautful fountains, beautiful valet service. You walk in, you SMELL....Flowers Galore, Beautiful Glass Sculptures, beautiful orchids, etc... every season the terrarium on the inside changes for the season. It's all white marble, they have great gift shops, as well as the WORLDS LARGEST CHOCOLATE FOUNTAIN! Willy Wonka would be proud of Bellagio.The Casino is awesome, Bellagio is ALWAYS Packed, 24/7 it's super busy. Really a tourist attraction, staying here can get frustrating!! We saw "O" get the Handicap seats if possible AMAZING, Chairs Move, easy access to bathroom, if your drinking!!! The Casino is awesome, very big, more flowers, and anything you'd expect for a 5 star Hotel Casino. The restaurants are amazing as well, very good. I would go on, but instead I will just post photos of my Bellagio adventures.
5	After all these years, this place is still one of the best hotels in Vegas.  We love to check out the Conservatory & Botanical Garden during the holidays.  Keep up the good work Bellagio!  Return Factor - 100%
2	The real truth about "hotel upgrades". I booked a 4 night stay at the Bellagio for myself and my husband from Nov 23-27 for a little R&R as he had surgery coming up. We have been to Vegas several times, but not that hotel. What a disappointment. I booked and paid for a "Premier Fountain view" room and put a deposit on it. We arrived around 9 pm after our flight and I went to check in.  I was looking forward to this.  Our desk clerk looked up the reservation and said " We have to move you to a different room".  This room is not available. I told her I reserved it online, and put a deposit on it.  She said if I read the fine print on the web site, it is NOT guaranteed.  WHAT??? In a nutshell what this and I am sure other hotels do is advertise a special and when you book it, and arrive late ( her words) they gave the room to someone that would pay the full rate!! I was so bloody pissed off. She said it was because I asked for 2 queen beds.  I told her I would take the King bed as originally booked, and she looked at me and said" no, we don't have it" They told us they were "upgrading the room" to a Junior Suite, but at the far end of the hotel, and with a partial fountain view. This was NOT an upgrade!!  This is what they tell everyone who's room they give to someone else. I just read a review on Trip Advisor where the customer "tipped" the hotel clerk $100 and not only got a suite, but free buffet and other tickets. If I had known that I would have done the same, however I thought bribery was not legal????? The best the hotel did for us, was reimburse the ridiculous $28 a day "resort fee".So folks the next time the hotel tells you they are "upgrading you", I would say in most cases unless you slip them a huge "tip" they probably gave your room away to someone who would pay a higher price. I had friends that stayed in the Paris across the road that had a better view for 1/2 the price.  I will NOT be going back to this hotel, or ANY hotel MGM operates.
5	I love the Bellagio. It is my favorite hotel/casino in Las Vegas. Everything about the hotel is elegant and upscale. The rooms are nicely appointed. The lobby is fantastic and a nice way to spend some time looking at all the art. The conservatory is great. I love going to the chocolate fountain and staring at it for a while. The staff is all very friendly. The fountain show is an iconic part of Vegas and is not to be missed either.All the restaurants here a top notch and you will be pleased at eating there. I have never had a bad experience at this place and make sure I go each time I visit Las Vegas. A true gem on the strip.
5	A true fantasy-land for adults! When in Vegas this is the place to be! From the moment you walk in the door the adventure begins!
5	We recently returned here for a long weekend. We love this hotel. Great service and best location on the strip, for convenience as well as all around experience. I will only stay there when in Vegas. We also saw "O" again.. It was amazing!!!The lobby is gorgeous, glass flowers on the ceiling. The botanical gardens get changed by the season and are great for photo ops. The restaurants are great. The shopping is pretty amazing too.The monorail system is great so it's easy to get up and down part of the strip. The casino is pretty basic but being from Jersey, the dealers and staff on the casino floor are way more friendly than AC. I can't stress this enough. I have stayed at a few spots in Vegas but always go back here.
5	My favorite place on The Strip! The Cafe has Maryland Crab Cake Benedict that is delicious. I love the garden, the swimming pool area and Chihuly's Fiori di Como in the lobby. The show "O" was wonderful. It wasn't cheep but it's worth every penny. My favorite thing to do in Las Vegas is to get a Chai Tea Latte at their coffee shop and enjoy it while watching the fountains. When you get a room with a view of the fountains there is a channel on TV you can tune to so you can hear the music to go with the choreography.
5	Hotel was gorgeous and clean and decorated beautifully! Everyone was very friendly. The show with the fountains out front at night is gorgeous and worth 10 minutes of your time. Poker room is newer and open and beautiful!
4	What an amazing hotel!!! Wow!!! I felt like royalty walking through there!!!  My bosses treated us to a penthouse suite for out company and Christmas party and it did not disappoint!!Although, the originally put us in the wrong room, both rooms were amazing!!!! The one we stayed in was on the 22nd floor over looking the fountains!!! WOW!!! There was 3 bathrooms in there, huge living room and bar area.  Huge floor to ceiling windows on all ends!  So clean and fresh and new.  The carpets were plush, the tub was huge and the steam shower was just as amazing as it sounds!!  We could be loud and laugh and sing karaoke, and not have to try to be quite. Everything about that room was amazing!!! And the hotel itself is beautiful! It was all decorated for the holidays, such a joy to walk through!!!  The casino was full of smokers, but it wasn't smokey. The customer service was meh, just ok.  But all in all this was the best hotel I have ever been too!!!  Hope to come back, sooner then later.
4	It's the Bellagio, what do you want from me! Expensive, but you pay for the name. The room was nice, the staff was friendly, and the eye-candy was totally worth it.I think next time I'll go in the warm season so I can get a glimpse of the pool, I've heard great things!
4	Bellagio is definitely the high end hotel on the Strip. It is indeed quite luxurious in the resort and in the room. The room was beautiful with a large entrance that you most often see in master bedrooms in multimillion dollar mansions. The bathroom was nice and large with a huge soak tub.We splurge on a fountain view, but we were located in the side building not the main building. I'm sure that would have even more of an upgrade. It's nice that they reserve a channel to play the music while the fountain show is going on. The Internet is free and it's unlimited to the number of devices, which is great!The lay out of the resort was nice. From the front desk to the elevators, there is the seasonal room where they change the design monthly. You'll also pass the spa, shops, and a coffee shop. Near the coffee shop, there are some tables with a couple of chairs for you to sit and enjoy your drink. They line the windows so you can see the well manicured grounds outside.The elevators to the rooms to the side building is tucked away, which we appreciated so there isn't a crowd pooling in the middle of the walkway.The one downside was that the check in line was really slow, but once you get up there, you get the staff member's full undivided attention.I would return if I was in the mood to splurge for a special occasion or something.
3	One of the high end casino at Vegas.  A must stop.  A very large elegant casino, nice high end shops, the best fountain show ever, great rooms and a tram that connects you to other casinos like the Aria and Monte Carlo.  Next door to Cosmopolitan and across the street from Paris and Planet Hollywood. And on the corner  with a bridge to connect to Caesars, Flamingo and Bally's.  What a great location.  So why only 3 stars?  The shops are nice but the mall is small.  When you see the Caesar Forum or the Miracle Mile Shops or the Grand Canal Shoppes, this one will disappoint you.  The high end restaurants are kind of boring.  The reward program doesn't reward you.  I seem to lose here more often than the other casinos.  If the rates are reasonable, I would stay here all the time, but since they are not, I don't.  It still a must do while in Vegas.
4	Overall this is a pretty great casino and hotel.  The public areas are absolutely stunning and warrant a visit even if you aren't staying here.  Compared to some other hotels, Bellagio seems to attract a slightly classier, more elegant visitor (by Vegas standards).  The ventilation was pretty good as well, and even my smoke-hating grandmother wasn't bothered very much.  However, if you can't tolerate smoking, Vegas in general probably isn't the right place for you.I was totally impressed at how warm and friendly every single person working there was.  From the maids to the security guards, everybody had a warm smile friendly demeanor.  The rooms were beautiful, though I was a bit surprised at the low quality of the toiletries.  Most of the restaurants and food outlets are very pricey (think $5 muffins and $7 gelato).  I do not consider myself to be a lucky person, but I won at the casino a few times, so that definitely made my stay all the better.
3	The Christmas decorations in the lobby were outstanding, but the Christmas Day brunch was overpriced and not the greatest ! Service was ok.
4	I visited the Bellagio's Christmas exhibit space. I was impressed with the cohesiveness of the small area and how packed it was with visual goodies without feeling cramped and chaotic. It was hard to move, though,what with all the visitors and picture-taking. The tree is gorgeous, the little train very cute, the abundance of poinsettias beautiful. I understand sponsorship is needed but I appreciated the subtlety of the coca-cola advertising by the carnation covered polar bears. The Christmas fountain shows were nice but so short (at least in the daytime). I appreciated the Mandela commemoration by the fountains as well.
5	I have yet to stay in this hotel, but I'd imagine the accomodations would be in line with the common area. I love walking through this place. Having a cocktail at the piano bar, or shopping the retail area. The staff does a very good job at keeping the common areas clean.
4	Met a friend from San Jose here. it was a nice half way point. Great rooms, Great location. we were able to grab great food in walking distance. as well as lots of entertaining options..dancing, shopping, but believe it or not neither of us did any gambling. I did find some awesome platform sandals that my friends have already borrowed cause they liked them too! Energy and service here was awesome!
5	Still a nice property to visit. The gardens never disappoint. The fountain show is still great. Every visitor that I host always enjoys the Bellagio stop.
1	Room so dirty . Dead flies, left over peanuts on the carpet, used tissues behind the head board (someone probably wiped there sperm after sex) and thick dust covering the carpet. I took a video of it. After 3 managers 2 housekeeping supervisor and 1 concierge with 5 vacuums later I got the room cleaned. I'm not a white person so I couldn't get the room comped. I had the "sorry " treatment. This place is really for white people to get anything done.
1	4:10 PM - room 1 - high-pitched whirring noise in ceiling, thought I could call to get it fixed4:30 PM - after 20 minutes of phone hold, sent to another room where my key would work and security would be there in five minutes to let us in. 5:00 Pm - after 10 minutes in the hallway waiting for security because the cards didn't actually work, and 20 minutes on hold with the front desk asking for security, we learn that room 2 was smoked in, so no go for us non-smokers. When the front desk was informed that someone had smoked in the room, they reacted with disbelief5:20 PM - front desk guy says he'll waive $80 in fees, and give us what he says is a slightly nicer room. When I said this was pretty poor compensation for making guests sit in a hallway for most of an hour, front desk guy literally said that was too bad and I should just stay where I was. 5:30 PM - into room 3. It had a visibly stained bedspread. While the nice housecleaning lady fixed it over 20 minutes, come on. This place isn't five stars. It's not even a Hampton Inn if consistency and courtesy count for anything.  I wouldn't stay here again and I would recommend anyone else think hard about staying somewhere else. Look, it may be a busy day for the hotel. But, there's no excuse for thirty minute hold times to speak to the front desk and there's no excuse for discourtesy. I've never been so frustrated with a hotel.
2	Took 40 minutes at check-in and we couldn't even get the fountain room we booked. So mad! We will NEVER stay here again!
2	My stay for 2 nights was OK. Kept sending me promotions. Just called to book the offer the resort offered. Said not showing up. Typical bait and switch. Not nice.
5	I will always have a special place in my heart for this hotel. My friend and I stayed here most recently during a fun girls weekend, and had a great experience. Our suite was large and spacious, and had an ample kitchenette that we didn't use. I love the beautiful flowers in the lobby, and the fact that you can walk almost anywhere near mid-strip from here. Really, you could stay here and never leave, and you would still experience some of my favorite things about Vegas (food + shows + shopping +spa).Room service was always quick and efficient, and we were never inconvenienced by it. The robs are super comfortable and warm, and the staff is always available and helpful with recommendations for shows, restaurants, etc.The only thing I don't love is that the casino can be a bit loud and of course smoky. Obviously, you have to walk through the casino to get to any hotel room. But, this is par for the course with Vegas hotels until you stay at a non-gaming hotel such as Vdara or Trump.I would highly recommend staying here for the experience. Plenty of shopping, and easily walkable to many other hotels and restaurants/shops near mid-strip.
2	I had very high hopes and was extremely disappointed in this beautiful hotel. I've stayed in Vegas 6 times before, all different hotels (PH towers, MGM, Cosmo....) ...Saving this one as my "dream hotel". Its really about one step up from the Monte Carlo -.-Obviously this hotel is only famous for being famous, not because its amazingI paid 700 for 2 nights 4 months in advance (so, deeply discounted due to pre-planning) for a Deluxe fountain view room. 2 queens & smoking.The difference between a deluxe & a regular fountain view room is apparently the "complimentary items" and WiFi...Save yourself $50+ and bring your own shampoo -.-BRING YOUR OWN WIFI HOTSPOTTheir WiFi is HORRIFFIC and you pay extra for it!! If you can get it to connect, and KEEP it connected you'll never get a page loaded with the one bar. Not good when you have to have internet to work. Be prepared to drag your laptop to a Starbucks.I should have checked for a balcony on the listing, but I had assumed a smoking room would include one, or at the very least an opening window. You can not smoke in your room unless you intend to sleep in smoke. There is a huge pane glass window that doesn't open. it opens seriously a millimeter at the bottom. There is NO ventilation, the fan doesn't help. Even with a smoking room you have to go down to the casino to smoke!The bed was comfy but the sheets, blankets & towels were all uncomfortably cheap & scratchy :/ For the price of this hotel I'd expect not to be scraped up when drying offThe room was Small, really small! Also, disappointing for the price. The furniture closes you in even more in this tiny room.The bathroom was big. The shower is big, all glass & tile floor so your feet are warm. The tub though is sad. Its regular sized but set back in so it's a dangerous pain in the ass to get in & out. Plus, no jacuzzi jets after all that work.The hotel lobby is absolutely gorgeous, the casino and everything is elegant & beautiful......the rooms are drab :/The only upsides - I got a $100 giftcard rebate to the Crystal Shops & the pool is heated to 85. All in all I felt like I really wasted my money here, unfortunately. For the same price or cheaper you can stay in a prettier room, with a balcony or jaccuzi or a bigger room with a couch....... or all! Also, your fountain view will probably be better just about anywhere without half the building blocking it.
3	I wright this review as a 2nd time guest.  Rooms were great as always.  Cleaning staff were friendly and helpful.  Guest services checking in were a little short and unwelcoming.  Security absolute pricks to even a mild mannered person such as myself.  Gambling was good until you sit at a table and have to listen to every dealer complain about how much they hate their job and how tired they are.  I found better dealer attitudes at the Aria next door.  Would I stay here again, sure but just for the rooms and the central location.
4	2014 YELP 100 CHALLENGE - 36/100Beautiful hotel! Probably the nicest one I had visited this weekend, other than THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. It was a vintage, regal and expensive look to it. I have not stayed here, but I was really impressed by my visit this past weekend and would love to return.LOCATION:Excellent. Right in the middle of the strip for easy access all overEXTERIOR:Beautiful. Especially the beautiful lake in the front which gives it a little bit of distance from the actual streetINTERIOR:Like I said earlier - regal, fancy, stunningEntryway has beautiful glass flowers all over the ceilingSHOPS:Not too many. Most were very high end stores such as Prada, Gucci, Fendi, Louis Vuitton, etc. More eye candy, but they definitely match the expensiveness of this hotel!WHAT TO SEE:Flowers in the entrywayWindow shop in the expensive designer storesConservatory & botanical gardens (decorated every season!)Jean Philippe patisserie - home to the "world's largest chocolate fountain"The famous water fountains out front! Shows either every 15 or 30 min. depending on day/timeI would love to stay at the Bellagio if I could afford it. I think I was expecting the Paris hotel to look more along the lines of Bellagio. Kinda disappointed over there...BUT Bellagio was simply beautiful!
3	Disappointing. With a Four Seasons price you expect Four Seasons service/experience, but this is an economy hotel in dressed up as a luxury hotel. I loved having a big room with a view of the fountains and access to great shops. O was also fantastic and worth seeing. I hated the tremendous amount of noise and super packed lobby that had more rude and obnoxious people than I've seen at any other hotel in Vegas. They also nickel and dime you with Denny's caliber food at 5 star prices. The steaks were worse than your average Vegas buffet.Yellowtail had a great environment, view and presentation but the quality was like a conveyor belt (read Blue C Sushi) place with premium 5 star pricing. I enjoyed getting a chance to stay, but if I had to do it over again I'd probably stay at Four Seasons Mandalay Bay, MGM, or the Venetian. Check in is horrible and takes forever, so just plan to waste an hour doing that. Knowing that up front and planning for it will help save a lot of frustration. Service was terrible - it's the "we've got you now, so we don't have to try hard" attitude and you get nickeled and dimed for everything. Fees, fees and more fees so you should expect that your hotel room price should be a minimum of 50% of your daily expenses - assuming you DO NOT gamble.Olives was really really bad and overpriced too.The pool is too small and crowded - Mandalay Bay is the place to be if you care about poolsI was so proud to be here and perhaps I expected too much, but I felt like MGM was significantly better for 1/2 the price - and I'm not a thrifty person. I'[ll gladly pay a premium price for premium service. i just don't think that is what I got here.With all of this said, if you have your heart set on staying here then definitely do it - just plan to move after a day so you can balance crossing this off your list and having a great experience in Vegas.
4	Great place to stay! Friendly staff, easy check in, good location, lots of restaurants and bar to choose from and friendly dealers Cons: the bed wasn't the comfiest, high table limits on weekends. I found myself walking across to Paris to gamble on Saturday night. Other than that it's a nice place to stay.
4	This place is fancy. Every time I come here, I feel like I can not afford anything. However, this place is just incredible to walk through. Beautiful shops, beautiful casino, and beautiful rooms. Definitely high class which gives to its flare. Also, I know this will be redundant but its fountain show is simply incredible. Such an incredible place to watch an incredible show. Come here to sight see but unless you have crazy money - try staying at Ballys (right across).Protip: You can take the tram here from Bellagio to Monte Carlo with a stop at Aria.
5	We've stayed at the Bellagio a few times and it is definitely one of the most spectacular resorts on the strip.  We had the premier fountain view room and watching the fountain show is one of the reasons I chose to stay here.  I also love the beautiful conservatory, gallery of fine art and all the shops and restaurants.  My all time favorite Cirque du Soleil show "O" is at the Bellagio.  The only downside is that it is very crowded especially during the holidays.
2	I was really disappointed by the Bellagio experience I had. I stayed at the bellagio jan 15-19, 2014 while working for a conference. I was part of a video crew and worked primarily in the room so I spent about 8 hours as day in there. There were two of us in a 2 bed average room facing caesars. The room was clean apart from the bathtub which looked like it hadn't been wiped out in a month. The bathroom door lock was broken which was awkward because I had several crew members in and out of the room. There were two incidents that stand out apart from the broken stuff. One was that I woke up with a massive spider bite on my face. That's just nuts. Maybe cleaning and maintenance standards are just low. The second and more troubling incident was that we went to a dinner at the conference and we were out of the room from 7pm to 1am. When we returned the door was open. The staff that had done the turn down service neglected to pull the door closed after they finished in there. We had tens of thousands of dollars of photo & video equipment inside and while luckily nothing was stolen it was still very worrisome. All in all I wouldn't bother with bellagio again. I've had great experiences at Wynn and flamingo. It really feels like bellagio is resting on its history. It's too bad.
3	Okay so, if you're an out of towner, in your forties (or fifties, sixties, seventies) and feel like ballin'- then the Bellagio is for you. But if you're younger and looking for the club scene and the beautiful people, go elsewhere.The Bellagio is upscale, but also a little retro in my opinion. The rooms have antiquated decor-mahogany armoires, heavy curtains and 1970's lamp shades. The bathrooms are large with vases glued down around the edges of a deep bathtub (very proactive Bellagio, very proactive). And of course if you fork up the big bucks, you're going to get a great view of the strip. But again, if you're twenty or thirty something, go blow your wad (of dollaz) in another hotel with a cool club attached to it (free entrance for guests typically). In Vegas, you probably won't even be spending that much time in your room. So, no matter where you stay, enjoy your friends and the ability to drink on the streets!
3	Stayed here many times but truly nothing special, wife has never been so took her for her b day. Nice rooms and grounds but there is better for less money. Pool and hot tub close at 4:00????? WTH? Staff is very friendly and attentive.
2	For an upscale hotel, Bellagio falls pretty short. It definitely has a grand atmosphere and looks classy; I felt more comfortable walking through the casino and shops at Bellagio than the casinos on the other side of the strip. The hotel, however, did not impress me.When I want to stay at a luxury hotel, I do so because I'm willing to pay more to be a bit spoiled, to have softer linens, and to be treated well. This hotel has so much volume that they clearly don't feel the need to treat their guests as guests; I felt very much like a revenue source. They had absolutely destroyed our reservation (it was specifically booked as four rooms all together and confirmed to be so), but when we arrived the rooms were not together. They weren't even on the same floor. Ok, these things happen at any place, from motels to five star. The difference between a motel and five star is that a five star should fix the problem with grace. Bellagio did no such thing, and their consolation prize was a miserly waiving of the resort fee. Gee, thanks - $200 off our reservation as compensation for the fact that our bonding girls trip is now an adventure in separation.The rooms were decorated nicely. I have no complaints about the surroundings other than the fact that said rooms are PACKED with furniture. If I'd stayed for more than a couple night's it would have felt like the walls were closing in on me. Removing the sitting area would have made it feel much less claustrophobic. The bathrooms are very large and I love the huge shower. The tub is small but deep. There was, however, a distinct lack of amenities. There wasn't even coffee in the room. Isn't it standard to wake up and enjoy a cup of coffee in your PJs in the morning while on vacation? That's the thing that got to me about Bellagio - those little touches to make it more than a nice-looking room just weren't there. I expect those little touches at luxury hotels, and Bellagio did not provide.A note on the buffet - absolutely worth the money. We ate at 10:30am so there was a mix of lunch and breakfast items, and despite the cost ($30 in January of 2014) it was worth it. The food was delicious and there was exceptional variety. The drink server was painfully, irritatingly slow, so don't expect a coffee refill. Come to think of it, perhaps Bellagio has a thing against providing coffee to it's guests?
4	The Bellagio has so much to offer.  Was recently there and saw the conservatory beautifully decorated in the Chinese New Year/Year of the Horse theme.  The theme changes often, so always worth a gander.  Of course, the fountains outside are one of, if not the, best free sight in Vegas.  The lobby with the Dale Chihuly ceiling glass sculptures are breathtaking and something you'd usually have to pay an art museum admission price to see (in many cities in the U.S., London, or worldwide). We were really looking forward to our (mid-Jan. 2014) visit to the Bellagio art gallery, but were disappointed to find it is currently temporarily closed.  This is one of the nicest hotels in Vegas...if you can't stay here, at least come and soak up the ambience.
2	From the moment I tried booking a room to the time I left... the customer service alone had me regretting booking a room here in the first place. I called on a Friday to get a rate for Saturday night check in and check or on Sunday. I was quoted X amount by Deanna. I had to check my funds and asked when I call back can I  speak with you, Deanna has stated she made a note on my account (mlife). I called back five times and turns it Deanna had left foot the evening. I spoke with krissi and Esmeralda about the X amount I was quoted, they turn around and quote me a Y amount. I escalate this further to there manager, Ron. He was very rude, talked down to me, and unprofessional in general. I called back and some with a Chris who was the supervisor of everyone I had already spoken too. He was shoot to resolve the situation and then some. It's just unfortunate that people like myself pay a lot of money to get treated like garbage by the customer service reps. Especially at an establishment such as Bellagio. The customer service alone is making me not want to go back. I have gotten better service at Luxor, Rio, geez, even Riviera. If I am paying $200+ a night, I expect to be treated like a week paying customer. Because after all, it's people like me (worker bees) who keep these type of hotels going.
5	Great restaurants and great site seeing, having the fountains and the locations is the way to go when staying in Las Vegas
5	So beautiful and luxurious! Had the fountain view and was able to see a different view of the water show. Room was super comfy and clean, I can't wait to visit again!
1	On a recent Vegas getaway with my husband, we decided to go big and try a stay at the famed Bellagio.  It's supposed to be the best of the best, so our expectations were high.  We upgraded to a suite in hopes of a luxurious, relaxing experience... no such luck.  Check in was disorganized, but tolerable.  The lobby was packed as usual, but we planned to stay through the weekend and into the week.  I figured the crowds would die down a little; I was wrong.  The Bellagio is a super popular tourist destination, and even on an off weekend in January, it was jam packed.  The really unfortunate part of that is the SMOKE!  Bellagio allows smoking in the casino, and apparently has no filtration system whatsoever.  It smelled worse than a lot of the older casinos, and was completely inescapable.  So, gambling was off the table.Next was our "upgraded" Bellagio Suite.  The decor was over-the-top and a little outdated, but nice enough.  The big problem was the ratty, torn-up holes in the carpet and the bedding (I'll include pictures).  At $350+ a night, I didn't expect orphanage linens.  There were two tv's in the suite - one in the bedroom, and one in the living room area.  Both were small (maybe 25"?) and old.  The living room tv's sound cut out every 5 seconds or so, making it impossible to watch.  I didn't go to Vegas to watch tv, but I like to be a little lazy on vacation.  The last straw was the service.  We ordered in-room breakfast.  When the lady arrived with the table, she pushed it into the middle of the living room and said "I'll leave this here."  No 'good morning,' no 'where would you like the table?', etc.  Not a huge deal, but pleasantries are always appreciated.  My husband signed the bill and handed it back, she looked it over and said "You're not gonna leave a tip?  YOU KNOW gratuity isn't included."  No, we didn't know.  This is the first hotel we'd ever been to that didn't include a healthy gratuity on in-room dining.  He quickly adjusted the bill to tip her (even after her rude behavior), and she left without another word.  I completely agree with tipping the wait staff, but she could have mentioned it nicely when handing over the bill, instead of insinuating that we tried to skip out on it. At this point, our vacation had reached a low point, and it needed to be salvaged.  I walked through the smoky lobby to the front desk.  A Bellagio employee named Michael approached me, and asked what he could help with.  I explained the situation, and he was nice enough, taking notes.  I told him I just wanted out of our remaining nights, with no cancellation fee, so that we could continue our vacation elsewhere.  He set us up for checkout that day, and said he would see what he could do about removing some of our charges, since we'd had such an unpleasant stay.When we checked out, the front desk attendant asked us how we had liked the room.  We were honest, "It was pretty bad, actually."  She ignored it, and said nothing else as she handed us our bill.  As expected, we were billed for everything... they didn't remove any charges.  Yet another sign of Bellagio's we-don't-give-a-f*ck attitude.  It was perfectly fine, though, since we were finally free of this run-down hotel.We high-tailed it over to Encore, where the service checking in was so characteristically fantastic that it reminded us what a great hotel should be.  And I forgot my toiletry bag at Bellagio.  It took several calls to the lost and found, where I gave "Melissa" the room number, the description, my name and phone number.  She sighed loudly and told me "It's going to take me all night to look through everything, so I'll just call you back later."   After more prodding I finally got it back, and it was another disdained trip to Bellagio to pick it up.  This hotel and it's couldn't-care-less staff left a really terrible taste in my mouth.  I won't even be back to shop.TL;DR - super smoky and crowded casino, torn-up holes in the carpet and bedding, tiny broken tv's, and a rude, apathetic staff of employees who hate Bellagio as much as I do.
5	The Mecca of swank.  Beautifully decorated for Chinese New Year  for year of the horse.  Awesome breakfast buffet.  I Just feel happy here!!
2	I was really let down by the Bellagio, we stayed here a year ago and didn't have a great time but I thought we would try it again. I wish we would have saved our cash for another hotel. This place is really going down hill. Bad service....old looking rooms...bad tvs....horrible losses in the casino...I don't think we even came close to winning anything here this time. Not to mention its over the top crowded. Honestly tey across the street if you want a view of the fountains and not pay an arm and a leg for a room at the Bellagio.
5	FOR THE SERENITY GARDEN ONLY!I loved this part of the Bellagio. I would have to say that this was the only publicly serene spot in all of the chaos of Las Vegas. It was definitely one of the highlights of my trip to Vegas. I got some really cool photos with my boyfriend and I remember the energy just feeling very flowing and tranquil within that area.
2	I frequent Vegas a lot and I have to say that Bellagio does have a very gorgeous lobby. But the rooms are extremely small, yet the bathrooms are big. Wasn't as impressed as I thought it would be. I was given an "upgrade" but I got a view of the back lot, and a still a small regular room. Not impressed. I thought this was supposed to be an upscale hotel.
5	Loved the stay!!!!! my room was right facing the music fountain and it was absolutely gorgeous! The hotel was very nice, the only thing i don't care for is the candy can sensors, you cannot move any of the cans unless you want to pay for it. For people who dont know about it or someone with kids, playing with the cans and not placing it back could cost you tons of money for something you didn't even consume. Other than that it was just great, if you dont like gambling, the bars are really nice for you to just relax and have a drink.
4	We stayed for three nights and were pleased with the room overall, but disappointed with the bathroom.  The door did not close completely, and there was only one outlet - which did not work 2 out of 3 nights.  The Bellagio is a beautiful hotel and they have done some nice renovations on the rooms, but neglected to use the same care to update the bathrooms.  We likely will choose a different hotel on the Strip near the Bellagio on our next visit, but would consider staying there again if some changes are made to the rooms themselves.  The casino and restaurants are wonderful (Prime is the BEST steakhouse on the Strip!!), but the guest accommodations themselves need a little TLC.  Cheers!
5	One of the best rooms I've ever had! Beautiful, Clean and the view of the fountain and Paris were spectacular. The staff was kind and efficient in helping me make reservations. I'd have to say this room is a close second behind my stay at the Cosmopolitan. It just depends on your vibe. Do you want to feel like your in Oceans 11, listening to Sinatra, living in elegance. Or do you want something modern, upbeat and a little more zen. I tend to be a bit of an old soul and personally love the Sinatra vibes this place pumps out. One of my all time favorite restaurants is there. Todd English's Olives. I also enjoy Le Cirque and Circo. My boss who has traveled the world said his room was in his top 5, EVER. Now that's saying something. This place deserves 5 stars for it's impeccable service, elegant ambiance and fabulous restaurants.
4	Stayed in June 2013 and finally got around to writing this review. Overall the hotel is beautiful and the room is nice. The location is in the middle of the strip. There are many stores (Gucci, Hermes, etc) and many restaurants ranging from elegant dining to casual dining. The bars around the casino are always packed. The casino is huge and very packed as the day goes on. The casino also gets too stuffy due to smoking. So I enjoyed the casino early in the morning. The room is pretty standard (TV, desk, lamps, etc.). I love the bathroom. The bathroom has a standing shower and a hot tub. The shower has a little step/bench kind of thing. The decor of the lobby and the garden is beautiful. I love the miniature Washington monument and the enlarged sunflower statues. The bird house as the center piece is a great touch. I love it. The customer service I received was professional and courteous during my stay. At one point, I managed to leave the room without the key and I told the elevator security and he was able to call in for help. Within ten someone arrived at my room to let me in. The hotel is huge and the guy came quickly therefore I was impressed. The only reason they lost a star is because they couldn't give us the room i paid for. They have two towers (the main tower and a side tower). I paid extra to get a fountain view in the main tower but when I checked in they did not have a fountain view room in the main tower available. But they gave me a fountain view room in their side tower. The only negative thing I can say about their side tower is that the elevator to the tower is very far from the main entrance and the lobby and the casino of the hotel.The fountain shows are great. I love them. The water dances to the music. The night shows are much more beautiful (and much more comfortable to watch outside) to watch. Other than the room issue, everything was great and I enjoyed my stay there.
4	The fountain show at night is a must see!! It comes on once every fifteen minutes and it's quite a sight! We sat across the street at mon ami gabi and had an amazing view!
4	Walked through this hotel multiple times when I was in Vegas.The interiors, decorations and architectures were really nice. The shopping areas looked okay, despite them being a bit pricey.The fountain shows were always fun to watch!
5	I stayed here years ago and it was amazing but on my last visit I only walked through.Bellagio is so beautiful. The fountain makes me feel like a kid again and the whole vibe of the place screams class.If I can ever splash out again on something like this I most definitely will.*Interesting fact: Our tour guide told us Vegas' most expensive wedding was at Bellagio. Something like $30 MILLION, a couple from India who flew an elephant in. Wow!!!
4	The hotel is beautiful, the room is immaculate. Free internet. Friendly helpful staff come to our room twice a day. Valet is excellent. Two things to improve: more fresh air in room and the compression on the Video Monitor (TV) is sooooo bad everything looks like it was shot on 3/4" video tape from 1989. Movies like Die Hard look like garbage thanks to over compressed video.
5	I can't think of a single reason *not* to give Bellagio five stars, so here you go Bellagio, five stars for you.Check in process was very efficient.  The room was sleek and sumptuous.  The casino was lively and entertaining.The cab line can be a bit long and the wait for your taxi to get out on to the strip can be even longer.  One cab driver told me that of all the major hotels on the strip, only Bellagio does not have a back entrance, which tends to make things very slow going on Friday and Saturday night.  But unless you're super rushed, it's not really that big of a deal.I will definitely stay here again and would recommend it to anyone without hesitation.
5	Jesus, I love the Bellagio and not only because I am a huge Ocean's Eleven fan.  Rooms are very spacious and splurge on fountain view rooms.  It's worth it.  Any of their buffets are decadent.  Although their dinner buffet is something I always look forward to when I am in Las Vegas.  Everything is delicious and there is seriously something for everyone.  I love Bellagio!
5	Always a pleasure to stay and visit at the Bellagio! Great scenery, beautiful flower gardens, great casino experience too! The restaurants are superb and my all time favorite is the Cafe Bellagio. Good food all day long for a reasonable price. Order the pancakes for breakfast and the ribeye steak for dinner!! The water fountain display is a must see and it's a great free show from your room or Las Vegas blvd!
4	I expected worse considering all of the 3 or below star reviews on this place.  I don't know if I agree with people who say this "isnt a real 5-star hotel" -- it's at least 4.5*'s in my book, and Im very particular about hotels.  The most important thing for me is the decor of the room -- most hotel rooms just have dark, dingy decor -- especially after staying at NYNY, MGM grand and Planet Hollywood, I know this for a fact.  That or the rooms are super outdated.  This was one of the prettiest hotel rooms Ive stayed in.  Nice and spacious, with beautiful modern deco decor.  I had a pool view which was gorgeous.  The room was clean and everything looked new, and there were robes in the room which is always nice.The people at the front desk were okay.  One guy was not personable at all but the girl I spoke with while checking out was better.  Nothing over the top though - Ive had better service at 4* hotels on that front.  My main complaint here was eating.  There arent a lot of choices. Im traveling alone and I dont want anything fancy, which is the class that most of the restaurants there fell into. A lot of stuff closes early too -- Jean Phillipe closed at 11pm here but at 12pm in Aria, which is weird.  The gelato place closed early too. They also charge $10 for a bottle of fiji water from the mini bar which is just absolutely outrageous.The gardens are always gorgeous but I really loved their design for chinese new year.I've stayed in almost all of the 5 star hotels on the strip, and I would put this hotel right up there with rest.
3	I expected more.I had a premium fountain view room.  It was great to see the fountains when I wanted to.  But I had to hear them when I didn't until they ended at midnight.  It was akin to fireworks or a thunderstorm.  I paid extra for this noise?
4	Love staying at this hotel because of the atmosphere, the seasonally changing conservatory, middle location on the strip, and the nice rooms. I generally stay here about once or twice a year and my experiences have always been positive. Be sure to bring your camera if you plan on staying here because there are a lot of "picture-worthy" moments in the conservatory and there is even a cafe conveniently located nearby!
5	Love the Bellagio! Never disappoints.
4	I enjoyed the Bellagio.  Service is good.  Rooms are nice.  Casino is nice.  Location is good.  There is really nothing bad to say except that for my money, there are better alternatives.  I do find the decor to be a little outdated but it is the Bellagio.
5	Bellagio is at the top of my list for Vegas hotels. I've stayed at Bellagio a handful of times and for good reason. The location of Bellagio is in the middle of the strip. It is easy to get around to other casinos without it being a serious trek. Too lazy go to Europe? Just head over here, it looks like a European villa... you even get a view of Paris, just across the strip haha... I love the way the hotel looks from the outside, it looks beautiful and is so classic. It just sets the standard and exudes what sexy and luxurious Vegas should be like. The fountain show is one of the nice free attractions on the strip. The seasonal decorations here are amazing. The atrium is a beautiful garden that magically changes with the holidays and they are usually quite imaginative. If you don't know which hotel is Bellagio, just think Ocean's 11 and it is the main casino where most of the shenanigans go down. The rooms here are comfortable, clean and spacious. Even though it's been open for quite some many years now, it is still one of the nicest hotels to this day. If you are looking for some serious dining choices, absolutely head over to Bellagio... it's home of some of Las Vegas' Michelin rated spots. One of my favorite Vegas spots, Picasso, is found here. There are also galleries that you can go see here- one of the ones I was able to enjoy was a special Van Gogh one a few years back.  At the bakery inside, you can not only enjoy some tasty sweets, but also find the world's largest chocolate fountain. In the newer tower, it has an elevator that takes you directly to the swimming pool area. Once you get to the pool area, you have like 5 pools to decide to take a dip in. Lastly, if you want to have the complete Vegas trip, go get tickets to see Cirque Du Soliel's "O". Absolutely worth it and your mind will be blown with the acts. Overall, really love this place. Can't wait to stay here again. Haven't had a bad experience yet nor do I expect to have one.
5	Much overdue review. My husband & I stayed here in March 2013 and we loved it. You do pay more to stay here but its totally worth the money. We had a pool view room on the 11th floor I think. We stayed 3 nights. The room was clean and very nicely decorated,  the bed was very comfy. Bathroom was huge and nice tub & shower. If I came to Vegas again I would most definitely stay at this hotel.My friends stayed at other "cheaper" hotels like Flamingo & Baileys and they are nothing compared to the high quality hotels, you truly get what you pay for, and for me I rather stay somewhere I feel comfortable and have an awesome experience, like you do here at the Bellagio :)
1	Up until now, I've always had a favorable experience at the Bellagio, seeing as how my first experience at Vegas (being 21) I won a good sum on a slot machine there leading to my preference for staying at MLife Casinos only.  My last 4 trips to Vegas I have booked only Mlife Casinos.  Recently, on our way back from Los Angeles, my fiancee wanted to stop by Vegas as a spontaneous trip.  We both were excited as we figured a day in Vegas was just what we needed before getting back to the humdrum of working life.  We were undecided on the duration as well as where we would stay, but due to my insistence, we both agreed that it would be a Mlife Hotel.  We were having fun stopping by various casinos and hotels and gambling, when I suggested we head over to the Bellagio, hoping for another run in with Lady Luck. We perused the tables this time around, and was fascinated by the Big 6 table, where the dealer (Elisabeth) was so friendly in explaining the rules of the game to us.  We started playing and having fun deciding what to bet, etc.  Right around the 20 minute mark, my fiancee was itching for a drink in his hands and spotted the waitress working the tables in our area.  He tried to flag her down, but she waved him off like he was an annoyance.  She haughtily told him that she would come back in a moment to take his order.  That was the first buzzkill.  We figured she was just busy and she would come back as promised, and since we were having so much fun on the Big 6 table with Elisabeth, we decided to stick around and see if she would come back. About 15 minutes later, she did come back around dropping off drinks to the table next to us.  After that, she went around the Big 6 table, and IGNORED my fiancee.  He said she made eye contact with him and shuffled quickly away before he could flag her down.  About this time, there was a dealer change from Elisabeth to Tripat.  Tripat was very gracious and could see we were extremely bothered by this waitress who refused to serve my fiancee for no reason.  He reassured that the next time she came around he would flag her down for us.  So we decided to stick around.  Having spent a good 45 minutes at this point at the Big 6 table, and running through all our cash on hand, I got up to get more cash at the ATM.  I flagged down another waitress working another area to ask her if she could let the waitress working our area to come by the Big 6 table for my fiancee's drink order.  She not only cut me off mid sentence, she pointedly told me, "I just saw her at that table.  She just went to that table.  I just saw her go to that table."  Speechless, I could only mutter, "Oh, okay. Thanks."  When I went back to my fiancee and asked, he told me no, the waitress NEVER went by our table.  At this point, our experience had gone horribly sour and we left after 10 minutes from when I got money out of the ATM.Tripat was very nice and apologized profusely.  He explained that the other waitress didn't work the Big 6 table, but in my opinion, I didn't ask her to come service my fiancee, so what the heck was up with her brusque and dismissive reply?  Is this the example of service at the Bellagio?  At the Big 6 Table alone, my fiancee spent around $200.  With that kind of money, we could have just gone to the local CVS, bought top shelf liquor and gotten better service.  Heck, I had just gotten another $200 out of the ATM and would've probably spent it at that Big 6 table!!We go every year to Vegas for my fiancee's birthday, and this year, I was considering heavily the Bellagio for our stay.  After this, my opinion of the Bellagio has been heavily impacted, and definitely will overlook if for other hotels on the strip.So just a word of advice.  It's the little things that count, and just because the dude and gal looks like they had come off of the streets in a t-shirt and shorts, we still spend money and spend lots.  All he wanted was a beer, and instead we got crap service.  Go elsewhere for your spending... you'll get a lot more.
5	Best meal we've had in Vegas! Highly recommend the Very Adult Mac & Cheese! It goes with any entree. Steaks cooked perfectly and Sea Bass melts in your mouth.
5	One of the best places to stay in Vegas!!! Love the location, the decor, the fountain with the synchronicity of the music that you can hear from the room. The shops are great and the shows that they offer and to me the casino is the best compare to the others. The pool area is huge with different areas and cabanas are great and spacious. Great restaurants and among all of the hotels that I have been I think it is family oriented without kids bothering .... strange but true!!! Love the hotel!!!
3	Stayed here 2/21-2/23.  The room was nice, quite large with a great bathroom.  We arrived about 8pm Friday night and the woman who checked us in said the hotel was almost sold out and offered to upgrade our regular room to a suite for an extra $200/night.  We had already paid about $260/ night for this room and expected it to be a little more than average.  I was underwhelmed.  We were in the spa tower with no view whatsoever, and our sheets had lots of little holes in them.  The casino was very smokey (and I am a smoker), buffet and room service was good... but I'm sure there are better ones in Vegas.  I did like that everyone wasn't in party mode 24/7. (I am 25, my boyfriend is 33).  We had a nice mix of fun and relaxation.  Over all, the hotel was ok.  Everyone we talked to was friendly, we just expected a little more.
5	We've stayed here many times and it is always superb. People think that it's expensive - and it can be, but in the off-season, we get deals for $119. a night! Quiet and classy, we always like returning here, especially after being in the noisier hotels. In the summer, the pools are outstanding, and the gym is tops year around.
2	Overrated, overpriced, and short on luxury.Showers:  water randomly ran hot and cold.Toilets:  can see the need for the power flush, but do we really have to hear every flush near, above, below, and around our room?Bedding:  no duvet (which in itself is no big) but chintzy blanket sandwiched between low thread count sheets is not luxurious.Mattress:  very firm and hardTissue:  scratchy, thin and definitely not soft (little details count in luxury accommodations)Seems Vegas is full of high end hotels, the Bellagio is definitely not one.
5	My husband and I have been going to Vegas 2-3 times a year since we got married out there 10 years ago. Had been extremely loyal to Venetian/Palazzo but their service has slipped and I got fed up with them while trying to book this last trip. We just got back from our trip, 2/28-3/5. We were celebrating our 10 year wedding anniversary so I wanted something more than the regular and they didn't want to accommodate us.I booked the Bellagio Suite through Mlife. And oh my gosh, it's an amazing suite!!! It was beautiful and immaculately clean. It had 2 full bathrooms in the bedroom plus a powder room off the living room. I wanted something out of the ordinary and I got it!!My only minor issues are that the toilets are extremely loud. If one of us got up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom, we had to use the powder room so we wouldn't wake the other up. And the other issue was the lighting in the bathrooms was not great for putting on makeup. The lighted make up mirror wasn't bright enough and the overall soft lighting in there made it a challenge to put makeup on.Housekeeping was great. The room was always cleaned and we even got turndown service every evening. They were also quiet. I never heard their carts banging down the hallways or hear them talking loudly to each other.In fact, I never heard anyone in the hallways. It was always so blissfully quiet and serene. A nice change from the busy and loud activity downstairs.We were on the 34th floor so we had a nice high view. It was not a strip or fountain view. It overlooked the pool area and that was fine for us. It was more important to me to be in the main tower. We had fun in the casino. They have a good selection of slot machines. And there was always someone coming around every few minutes to offer a beverage. Some places you wait forever.I really liked the location on the strip. You felt like you were right in the middle of all the action and it was very easy to visit other casinos. We only took a cab once, to get to Mandalay Bay for brunch at Border Grill. We planned on getting a monorail pass as we always do but with this location we discovered we didn't need it. It was easy to walk to the places nearby.All in all we were very pleased with our experience at Bellagio and will definitely return.I don't know what the regular rooms are like but if you can afford to upgrade to one of the bigger rooms, I highly recommend!!
4	I really like place, the king size rooms are very nice and spacious!We did have trouble when it came to checking in, we ended up waiting quite some time and there didn't seem to have any lines which I thought was a bit annoying because people kept "cutting" in front, when I had been waiting.We ended up getting room service, it was pretty quick and the gentleman who brought us our food was very nice and helpful. I would highly suggest paying in cash, poor guy would have to go back downstairs to use a credit card. Another thing that I noticed is that the air conditioning does not get very cold. i did wish this place had more "fast food" options or at least places that were opened later in the night.I would definitely stay here again.
1	Terrible customer service!  My family car got broken into, while it was parked at the Bellagio hotel.  When I asked security for help, they shunned me off as if it was no big deal.  The police would not come out to investigate, because in their own words, "We are too busy, this happens too much."  We lost over $2,000 in items within our car.  When I approached Bellagio later about our family's car being broken into and items stolen, they replied with the words along the line of, "We have no knowledge of there ever being any cars being broken into at the Bellagio hotel."  Bellagio is more concerned about their reputation than they are about customer loyalty.  Oh by the way, my family was actually staying at the Bellagio hotel when this happened...what a way to treat your guests!  I will NEVER re-visit the Bellagio hotel again, nor spend a dime, because of how poorly they treat their customers.
2	Very Disappointed! The size, decor and amenities in the low ceiling room was what you would expect in a mid-range motel. The single sink bath had serious plumbing problems and a broken mirror. Check-in and check-out at the under staffed front desk was chaos. No queue line just a free for all. The common areas were fine, not special, but rough around the edges. The base boards were scuffed and wall edges were chipped. The conservatory was very nice.For the first time in a Vegas hotel we were disrespected by staff 3 times. The hype and price do not match the reality.
5	The Bellagio is a beautiful Casino/Hotel.  Their fountain water display in front is unbelievable.
2	Not worth the price!  The casino reeks of smoke!  You have to walk through it to get most places and you walk right through lots of smoke!  Very noisy!  They clean the pool area at 5 am, so you hear machines for several hours! The buffet was not good.  The eggs Benedict tasted okay but it was cold.  The other food really had no taste.
1	The drudgery of the corporate MachineSo basically at the Bellagio in the pit everyone hates upper management.  They all are disgusted by the stupid policies the crappy treatment and the shitty benefits.  The company made the worst mistake in the history of US construction.  (City Center) and they are billions in debt but the upper echelon continues to pay themselves bonuses.  The front line worker is just a cog in the big machine.  They waste money, they cut a nickel and lose a dollar.  It is so poorly managed that most of the old time customers long for the days of the mob run casinos.  At least these guys knew how to treat people.  They were neighborhood guys with big hearts looking to make a buck and feed their family.  So they skimmed a little.  So a few people got killed or beat up.  What the current corporate structure does is loot the place at the expense of the shareholder.  Jim Murren is the leader of a band of ivy league educated fools.  guys who dont know the first thing about dealing with a pissed off cuatomer.  The only thing they care about is preserving their job and bonus.  Here is a good stock tip for ya.  Short MGM it is behemoth that is going to crumble...destined to fail.  The door will never shut because it is "too big to close" but it will be broken up and reorganized.  This I guaruntee and all the corporate turds running the show will all be looking for jobs.   (as well as Harrah's)  The small operator like Seth Schoor and Derek Stevens will bury them.  http://finance.yahoo.com/q;_ylt=As6E5YRO_osw4sby94MvsOGiuYdG;_ylu=X3oDMTBxdGVyNzJxBHNlYwNVSCAzIERlc2t0b3AgU2VhcmNoIDEx;_ylg=X3oDMTBsdWsyY2FpBGxhbmcDZW4tVVMEcHQDMgR0ZXN0Aw--;_ylv=3?uhb=uhb2&fr=uh3_finance_vert_gs&type=2button&s=mgm  Here is the list of dopes running the show stay tuned for the real story on Bobby Baldwin the former CEO and high stakes poker player and all around degenerate gambler......Pay ExercisedMr. James Joseph Murren , 52Chairman and Chief Exec. Officer 6.26M 0.00Mr. William Joseph Hornbuckle IV, 56Pres and Chief Marketing Officer 2.30M 0.00Mr. Daniel J. D'Arrigo , 45Chief Financial Officer, Exec. VP and Treasurer 1.50M 0.00Mr. Corey I. Sanders , 50Chief Operating Officer 1.78M 0.00Mr. Robert H. Baldwin , 64Chief Design & Construction Officer, Director, Pres of Project Citycenter and Chief Exec. Officer of Project CC LLC 3.94M 0.00Posted by Jeff Larsen at 12:09 PM 1 comment:
5	This has to be one of the best hotels in Las Vegas. Situated in the middle of the Vegas strip, it's a simple walk to other attractions on the strip. The hotel has beautiful rooms, large casino area, all year round heated pool, and what I consider the best buffet in Vegas!!! When staying in Vegas this has been my first choice plenty of times. For the price spent, you certainly get a memorable hotel experience at the Bellagio. Check it out.
4	I'll give it an extra star for the awesome deal they had online.  The room was priced better than my other Vegas favorites, and had a $100 food credit.  Yup, that works.Check in on a Friday is a bit of a hot mess.  They have a ton of windows open, but there is no real organization, and although the lines for each window look short, you can still wait for well over 20-30 minutes.  When we finally got to our representative, he did little to personalize the check in process and was very robotic.  They've done a good job with keeping the rooms modern after all these years.  We did have a leaky shower upon check in, but maintenance was quick to send someone and had it fixed in under an hour.  At the Cosmopolitan, maintenance service can take all night.  We were placed in the tower far from the lobby, located well past the observatory.  The walk seemed like an eternity in 3 inch heels, so plan accordingly.  If you want to be close to the action, make sure you ask for the main tower off the casino.The rooms were a bit larger than expected for a standard room, and that's always a plus.  The beds were comfy and the bathroom had all the usual perks.  Nothing far superior for Vegas, but still a decent room for the price.  There are plenty of specialized restaurants, a 24 hr cafe with decent food, the Bellagio Buffet is amazing, and a few quick bite eateries that I didn't see or visit.  It's definitely not a hotel for kids, so try another hotel if you're planning on bringing the littles.
1	this placer fails fails on every level1) Check in took an hour - the systems were down - was a glass of water offered to the line of "invited guests" ? no of course not - good thing I wasn't traveling all day.2) prepaid for a room with a view - that didn't happen3) The marble floor in the lobby was wet - nearly broke my neck - no one seemed to care less.4) The people here are all trailer park white or ghetto back I am paying over 300 a night - what a joke
5	Well my husband and I haven't left the hotel yet, but I had to write a review. I love, love, love this hotel. There is not one thing negative to say about this beautiful hotel. Lovely room and it was very quiet and clean. Bed was very comfortable. I want to live here. They have everything you could ever want right here in the hotel. The most impressive thing was that every person we came into contact with in the hotel was very nice and polite, from the front desk all the way to the housekeepers. Thank you Bellagio for a wonderful 3 days. We will be back!!!!!
5	It's a beautiful establishment, the conservatory is worth checking out, and it's a great spot to step away from the gambling, and smoke filled casino floor and get some fresh air and take a few moments to regroup.The gaming is mid to high priced, lots of bigger minimum bets required so for those that are on a budget you may want to avoid this place.  However if money isn't a concern i'd recommend it.  I strictly play at table games, and I hung out at the $100 minimum table for a while and was on a vicious winning streak.  So as we all know, don't bet more than you can afford to lose, but also don't be afraid to go in on a big limit table.I was only at this establishment for a hit and run, but all my experiences here have been top notch!
5	From the valet greeting when driving up, to the back-to-reality of checking out, Bellagio is a lovely, wonderful, elegant, first class experience. Been there for work, for play, for conferences, for the poker room, for the buffet. WHENEVER I'm in VEGA$ I always spend time, and money, at Bellagio. PS No matter where I'm staying in the 89109 I always hit Bellagio Buffet - always, no exception - period.
1	One of the worst hotel experiences. I was placed in a room one floor below the smoking floor. The ventilation systems are connected, so the entire room smelled like smoke. Also, when I checked in, there was left over food in the fridge that was covered in mold. When I spoke to the management, they refused to move me to another room because of the smoke filled room. Horrible service and a really disgusting room.Will never go back
1	ok seriously this place sucks,might as well throw your money on the ground and burn it. I swear its gonna come out one day that all these casinos had more then an edge in their favor. the hotel is grand but like all casinos they have lost the old school service. I practically have to beg for a meal or a comp and frankly i'm sick of that bs. bring back the goodfellas they knew how to at least give you a feeling that you're money wasn't spent completely in vain. Just another example of over priced,under serviced and overall bad value for money spent or risked...welcome to the vegas facadeafarce....
5	Just GORGEOUS!!!  I though the service was excellent, the hotel itself immaculate, awesome restaurants and clubs within the facility.  The gym and spa were well kept and beautiful.  The decor was SOO cool, live butterfly room, fish pond with fish cam.  That was funny.  Obvi it's known for its fountain shows which were very cool.  I think I almost saw most of them... well maybe not true but I didn't see any repeats! Did not do much gambling though but who cares!!!If you have the money I thought it was beautiful and a great location on the strip
4	Although I am an avid Bellagio Hotel stayer, I must say, their service has gone lower with each stay.Pros:While it's still amongst my top favorite places to stay, there are arising issues. The rooms are impeccable! The hotels have soft beds, spacious bathrooms, and newly renovated! Location is great! Pretty centrally located. Decent amount of restaurants. Great Walk through garden! Awesome poker room!! Amongst my top 3 in Las Vegas! Pretty good shopping stores: LV, Chanel, Hermes etc. I also like how there is security at the elevators checking keys. Safety first (:Cons:A complaint I have is with billing. EVERY single time I have stayed here, the bill has been wrong. I've seen double resort fees per day ( meaning- instead of $25/day for resort fees I am accidently charged $50/day), food credit is always forgotten to be taken off, and I've even seen double the tax then what it should be. The problem really lies when once you've fixed the problem at the front desk and head home... you see your credit card statement- THERE IT IS AGAIN! Very annoying to call billing to fix  over the phone since phone waits take forever! Majority of the time they are accommodating and professional, but not always. Also, lines are long, but it's not too bad. Staff overall are pretty good and usually try to fix problems quickly. I do recommend this hotel and will be staying again- just check your bill statements!
5	Just had a fantastic experience at Bellagio. We took advantage of a pretty sweet email promotion and ended up with a room that was double the size of our last stay for a rate we had never seen that low. We love Bellagio for several reasons, and they all showed themselves during this recent stay: 1) Breakfast buffet, which is the BEST breakfast buffet I've ever seen, is only $18.99. That is one of the best-kept secrets on the strip. Even at Bellagio, you're going to pay at least $18 for a decent roll at Yellowtail. 2) The game floor is simply organized and very comfortable. during our entire weekend, we only heard "insanely fat screaming craps winning guy" one time. The rest of the time was chill, because honestly most Bellagio guests could not possibly care any less about losing money.3) Outstanding rooms. Bellagio is the best bang for your buck. At the end of a long, stinky day in Vegas, it's so wonderful to see that stone walk-in shower, and, this is one of the few Vegas hotels I've enjoyed where the climate control actually works right.4) Service. From the front desk to the towel girls at the pool, Bellagio does service well. It's a travesty there are idiots on this Web site that would rate this place one star because he couldn't get his stupid handbag charged to his room bill. It's really, really sad. But in good news, attention to detail is NOTICED. Look at the pic of what they gave my baby, for example. Cute!With so many awesome hotels on the strip, it's very tempting to pick a new one each visit. Bellagio, though, is one I definitely wouldn't mind repeating!
5	Awesome hotel, great shows and great restaurants. The fountains out front are really nice and something you should make time for.
3	I'm torn.  If the Bellagio weren't in Las Vegas, or if it didn't position itself as a luxury hotel, I would definitely give it more stars.  However, precisely because the hype raised my expectations, I was a little disappointed.Check-in was pleasant.  The lobby is certainly a knockout!  However, I can't understand why they have a separate line for each check-in clerk, instead of a single line.  It's well-known that separate lines cause more anxiety and make people feel resentful when someone who arrived after them is helped first.The room was attractive and comfortable.  However, just two weeks earlier, I stayed in a DoubleTree, and the room at the Bellagio was not much better; in fact, in some ways, it was worse:  (1)  There was no place near the desk to plug in a laptop.  Yes, there was one outlet with two plugs, but they were already taken up by the wifi and a lamp.  (2)  The lighting was dim, with a particularly dark spot between the bed and the TV.  (3) The bed at the DoubleTree was softer.  (4)  My bed sloped slightly; the upper right corner was noticeably lower than the rest.  (5) There was Kleenex only in the bathroom, and it was cheap, undersized, and rough.  (6)  I couldn't reset the time on the alarm clock, which was running 53 minutes slow throughout my stay.The extra-deep bathtub was wonderful, though.  And the shower was attractive and larger than in the ordinary hotel (though I've had larger showers in Las Vegas).The water show is fun and over-the-top.  But, of course, you don't have to be staying at the Bellagio to watch it.All told, I'm glad I gave the Bellagio a try, and I definitely did enjoy the experience, but I think you could do better in Las Vegas for the same price.
5	Loved it. Was tired when we arrived so we relaxed in our room & ordered room service - which was delicious.  After resting we got out and explored, no complaints at all everything was beautiful, service was superb, all in hotel restaurants were fantastic. Prime Steakhouse, was great views from outside were perfect, best servers in the world, with melt in your mouth steak. Yellowtail, a cool hip vibe- try the popping crab roll for fun & poprocks. Buffet for breakfast was a dream come true, avoid long line and walk to the right ask to be sat in the bar. Our room overlooking the fountains, wonderful 26th floor offers excellent views. Will go again and stay here, can't imagine staying anywhere else! If price is no object consider a private Villa with your own pool.
5	I love the Bellagio! I stay here every year for a week-long work conference, and look forward to it all year. When I come out on vacation and stay with friends, I always end up here for a drink, or to play a little Blackjack.. or even walk through the flower display.The Bellagio hotel has more people staying the night every night than the total population of the town I grew up in. Seriously. It's a great place to sit and people watch (I recommend one of the comfy chairs by Jean Philippe's Patisserie.) The fountains are a must see.. with shows running on a regular schedule to a changing music selection.Bellagio.. it's the definition of Vegas!
4	This hotel is in a good location on the Las Vegas strip. I stay here maybe every other month. It is overpriced in my opinion but that is what you get for staying in Las Vegas. The bathrooms are great with a tube an shower, seep rate toilet room, an his/her sinks. My favorite part of this hotel is having a view of the water show. I never get tired of it!
1	Very disappointed with the bar next to the sports book! Trying to watch the Dodger game and the bartender is telling me that other games have priority! Really?! Hockey and lacrosse? The game is nowhere to be seen on any TV and I placed my bet here and was hoping to watch the game. Totally ridiculous! There are multiple baseball games being shown and the bartender is telling me there is only one baseball game being shown. I'm staying here and my boyfriend and I have been gambling and spending money here. Very disappointed!
5	Ok so experience in this hotel I will say exceeded expectation. I landed I'm Vegas early and I went to the check I'm desk expecting to drop off my bags because usually at 10am they are still prepping the room. But I got lucky because they had a room all ready and they accommodated when I asked high as possible and gave me the 26th floor. So I was already in a good mood. Bathroom was clean and room was spacious. So it was nice and in the evening my friends arrived and a parties like ore partied (no one called complaint on us unlike they do in encore). We were loud and blasting music and drinking heavily. No noise complaint.  It was also nice how  prompt they were when we asked for towels. Even calling in to make sure we got our towels. Now that's service. Then again bellagio in the MGM mirage family which is always a good group when staying in Vegas or anywhere that MGM mirage has hotels.
2	I don't know, you know?For a hotel that says that they are luxurious, the only luxury I saw was the ultra deep bath tubs (WIIIIN btw!!) - the beds were pretty much what you get in hotels, the pillows the same. The sheets weren't high thread count at all, my bed at home has higher thread count.Room service happened daily unless you specified otherwise - some days we had chocolates on our pillows, other days we didn't. I guess it was up to the feelings of the room service people.Just be aware though, if you are going to spend extra for a fountain view room that you'll be listening and being kept awake by the thunderous noise they make all the way till midnight. It's a we bit like having a cannon go of in your room, to be honest. And why you have to pay extra for that noise I really don't know.The TV!! Oh good gods, the TV. It was atrocious. My best friend was sick so we decided to spend one night in bed watching crappy shows and eating room service. We turned on the TV to find that whatever crap channel was trying to show, kept pixelating and freezing. We advised the front desk of this and was told that there was nothing to be done. And what the hell is it with the channels available? More than half were in another language and the few that were english were useless. Free to air TV has better offerings but unfortunately we couldn't get that either.All in all though? If you want to spend this much on a hotel room, find somewhere that is actually luxurious and not just upmarket in the bathrooms.And the walk to get to your room. If you're in heels you might want to think of slipping them off during your trek to get through the casino to find the elevators to rooms. Also don't forget to have your keycard ready for the man standing at the bottom of the elevators or you might not be allowed up.
4	Don't know that I ever want to stay anywhere else. Slots aren't very loose and the tables are quite expensive. But the botanical gardens are beautiful, the decor is classy and the entire property is spotless. Food was always good but on the pricey side. The service is unparalleled. I felt spoiled the entire stay! Get a penthouse suite if you can. It's totally worth it! I splurged for a cabana for a day and that was worth it as well.
5	The hotel is beautifully decorated, and very clean.  Spacious rooms and friendly, fast room service.  The smoked salmon eggs benedict is fantastic.  I love the VIP lounge with the snacks and drinks.  Always the most friendly staff.  The pool smells wonderful with all the beautiful flowers everywhere.  Lots of trees, so you can find a chair in the shade if you want one.  And the music is at a pleasant volume.  Fix was a great restaurant, but a little too pricey for the food you get.  Lily is a nice lounge and not too crowded when I was there.Overall, always a wonderful experience!
1	If your looking for a WOW factor from Bellagio ? Well keep looking. This is just an over priced hotel with fancy name and over priced amenities. Room: There is nothing special about the room. Standard room with nothing special. If you overpaid for the room with the view then you'll at least get the fountain view. If not, you'll get the view of the... The freeway. Hotel: The hotel must have a horrible ventilation since the entire hotel is filled with cigarette fumes. You can't escape the smell you'll walk away smelling like the nasty smokers.  Pool:  Pool was small and over crowded. We couldn't even find a spot to lay down and had to wait an hour or so. Horrible experience. Service: It was mediocre at best. If you call the front desk, expect to get transferred and put on hold for 10 minutes or more. Service you would get is just OK and nothing special. Bellagio Buffet: MOST DISAPPOINTING BUFFET EVER !!!!  Over priced and seriously nothing special to even write about it. Don't waste your money here. If you have kids, they'll have the adult rate, even at age 4. Overall, we ended up checking out early to switch hotel. We couldn't stand it here anymore after 2 nights. I hope this helps.
5	Gorgeous place to stay!! Great food all throughout the quarters. The Spa is one of the best I've ever experienced. Simply put "amazing"
4	This place is defiantly upscale!! The hotel is amazing!! Clean, attractive, lots to see and do within. This is my 3rd visit to Vegas and staying at the Bellagio was on my bucket list. However, I would never stay here again. The staff is rude (extremely) rude. You pay a 25$ per day resort fee which is to cover the cost of free wi-fi, pool usage, and the use of the fitness center.  Well only thing I used was the internet and that was maybe for an hour or less, the only reason I used it was because I felt like I would get some use of my money. I have HotSpot on my cell so there was no need for me to really connect to their "free" wi-fi".  In my opinion for the price paid to stay here per night those amenities should automatically be included.  If you have lots of money and it shows then stay here. If you're middle class and just want to come to Vegas and have a great time without the rude staff, extra charges and tight machines then pick another hotel. I've stayed at Planet Hollywood and MGM here in Vegas and I have not one complaint.
4	Wife and I headed to Vegas for a three-night stay at the Bellagio over Easter weekend. We opted to splurge a bit for a premium fountain view room, and...wow. Check out my picture for the view from our room (room number 27052, if you're curious).  This was one of the highlights of the trip for us -- watching the fountain show with the music synced to it on our TV in the room never got old.Anyway, we were both Vegas first-timers, and from a location standpoint the Bellagio is pretty much perfect. Take note that the strip is much longer and more spread out than you'd think, so no matter where you stay there will be quite a bit of walking involved. That said, the Bellagio is in the center of it all.The property is beautiful (did I mention the fountains?), the room was gorgeous and spacious, and all staff we encountered were top-notch.  Special shout-out to our server at the bottomless mimosa brunch buffet...suffice to say, we had a little difficulty staggering back to our room at 9:30 am because she never let our glasses get empty.  Walking through the hotel lobby will usually be a chore because of the huge crowds gawking at the glass sculpture on the ceiling, but that was fine with us.Note to gamblers: play blackjack at the Bellagio! Blackjacks still play 3:2 (unlike 6:5 at lots of other Vegas casinos) and I was able to find $10-$15 tables at all times with relative ease.  Dealers were generally friendly.We ate the Prime Restaurant -- fantastic. See my separate review for that. We also ate at the buffet -- pretty good. See my separate review for that as well.Our only issue was the pool. Plenty of other reviewers indicated that there are always plenty of chairs at the pool...we didn't think so.  I hate to dock a full star for this, but we were planning on spending a good portion of a day poolside, and weren't able do that because the only available chairs were in the shade.Overall, it was a terrific stay, and we would most definitely stay there again.
4	I loved watching the water show! It's free, and entertaining. They do it every 15min or every 1/2 hour, depending on the day/time. The fountains are coordinated with music, it's cool to watch. If you are in Vegas and haven't seen it before, definitely stop by and check it out.
5	Wow wow wow! This place is breath taking. Oozes class and opulence. We had macaroons at the French patisserie, toured the lobby to see the handmade glass ceiling installation and butterfly gardens. We then had a bet or two at the casino then had dinner in Noodle restaurant in the Bellagio on our winnings. I would love to come back to Vegas just to stay here.
1	For a premier hotel the service better at a Motel Six. I've never been so disappointed in a hotel. The service was terrible and the staff was rude. Even the rooms were not as nice as the Signature, for half the price. I booked the Bellagio for my son's wedding. Going for coffee in the morning was a ride on the tram to a hotel a few miles away to Starbuck's, Bellagio's coffee bar wasn't too good. Four coffees and four danish, hands full I walk up to my towers elevator and a guard growls at me for my key card. "It's in my pocket. You have a choice. You can either hold this tray or fish it out of my pocket yourself." Then comes the, "Well, I guess I don't need to see it this time."  Every drink girl in the casino was going on break or getting off her shift when she passed by and I tip well. Up the strip I had one server bring me a drink every time she came by without being asked, that's what a $20 will do. Needless to say, I stay up the strip from now on.
4	Luxury with considerably above (the Vegas)  average class. Excellent restaurants, one of the top three buffets, and of course,  the amazing fountains. The absence of  a theme may well be the magic here.
3	Rooms are nicely furnished and spacious, Fountain Brunch ($58 each not including coffee!)  was okay to do once, wouldn't go again for the money and quality of food, the pool was huge but the bar hop Ursala wanted to keep my wife's $12 change for a lousy soda.  The casino itself was tight, tight and tight...might as well put half the money you'd spend gambling in the room safe and burn the other half.  Slot machines rake it in, never saw anyone walk away with even their initial investment.  The odds at the Sportsbook were horribly bad compared to the Harrah's MGM group.   Nice as the atmosphere was, I think we'll stay at the Venetian or Aria in the future.  At least there's a broader spectrum of eateries and shows to choose from.
5	My wife and I had our wedding here in October, 2012 after deciding the traditional wedding wasn't the route we wanted to go. We ended up spending about $2500 on the smaller chapel at the hotel. We could not have asked for more. The complete process could not have been simpler. After providing the payment, asking for certain items to be added, they simply told us "be here at this time, on this date." That's exactly what we did and it was all taken care of. The hotel itself is wonderful. For this occasion we stayed in one of their suites with a living space, three bathrooms, and entry - not 100% sure what it's called. It was always clean and tidy. They left chocolates on our pillows (small touch-  but it's food!). Restaurants and gambling were top notch as well. We will be back.
4	so I stayed here the past weekend with the bf.  He booked the room since he stays and plays here all the time.Oh he fancy! hehePros:- Bed was super comfy- Maid staff was kind and friendly- room was spacious- great channels to watch on your downtime- we had a great view of the pools- not as crowded as most hotels- located in the middle of the stripCons:- no refrigerator - drink waitresses take forever coming to you/ or u can't find one at all- drinks were way weakOverall, I had an amazing stay here! Super classy and very clean!
3	This was my fifteenth trip to Vegas - at least. and you know, I never spend any time at the Bellagio - not even for the fancy-dancy fountain show. BUT my DH had only ever been once and stayed primarily at one hotel with a pregnant wife. His one and only experience of Vegas sounded so terribly boring that I had to take him on the full meal deal tour. We spend our last afternoon at the sport bar in Bellagio drinking cocktails and betting small time cash on the VLTS. Had a great time meeting people. What I will say is that the bar staff is snotty. I ordered a dirty gin martini, they thought I said VIRGIN martini so they just never came back to clarify and never poured me a drink. That was beyond "wow" for me. I don't think I'll be staying there anytime soon.
4	Much better than my last visit. All the usual plusses - clean and spacious rooms, comfy beds, amazing shopping. Had the usual hassle at check-in with the 'one king or two queen' bed dilemma. Seriously Bellagio, if I am staying with a parent/aunt I do not wish to snuggle in a king size bed with them, nor do I care for a rollaway when I have specifically requested two beds. Anyways, had a lot of fun, especially at the Jasmine Brunch, oh and we got to try out the hotels 911 emergency response... it's top notch.Room Tip: If you don't want to walk for hours to get to your room, request one close to the elevators. The hotel is huge!
4	We realy liked the rooms, and the water show is on point at night. Its also close to the strip but it lacks restaurants and the ones they do have close pretty early. Over all its a great hotel and we would stay there again.. Shauuu!!
4	Great place if you can find a deal on rooms. It's cenrally located and has every amitinty you can ask for, not to meantion it's beautiful.
5	Very nice, only exception is the pure volume of people is insane. Service is very good in every aspect. Restrooms are always clean and available. Water/light show is spectacular. As with most guests that will admit it my pot of gold did not arrive yet. Still a lot of time to go..
4	Probably one of the nicest hotels I have stayed in.  Beautiful views of the mini Eiffel Tower and Bellagio water show.  Modern, posh suites with plentiful towels, luxe toiletries and modern tech amenities.  The staff are friendly and polite.  I do think the shop and cafe are extremely overpriced ($8 for a bic lighter!).  And it was super crowded when I was there so checkin took approx 30 minutes.  It's also a pain to walk through the casino just to get to the front desk while lugging suitcases.  Overall enjoyed my stay and would rec the Bellagio.  Loved the art, decor, cleanliness, and location on the strip.
1	This review is for the Prada store in the Belagio. The sales people there are rude. I will continue to never shop there.
5	As always it was a wonderful stay for the holiday weekend! This review is for the staff and the outstanding service and attention to customers they provide. Made the stay really feel comfortable through the confidence we were well taken care of while away from home.
4	The Bellagio is just a beautiful quintessential Las Vegas hotel... It conjures up images from Ocean's Eleven and that certain something that can only be explained as VEGAS. I've walked in the hotel many times but had never stayed but my friends had a lake view 1-bedroom suite on the 29th floor that was awesome. Besides being front & center for the Bellagio fountain show, you can program the TV to sync up with the music that's accompanying the water show outside. It had been years seen I've seen the water show and seeing it from that perspective was great. The room had a sizeable bedroom area with full master bath and spa/sauna room, jacuzzi tub and the living room had a good sized couch, 4-seat table and it's own bathroom. The decor was more modern than what I expected but it still had that classic Bellagio flavor. What was awesome also that my friends pointed out is that it had it's own sorta-private (not advertised) elevator bank. That was sweet... It was like a secret passage. Nicely decorated at the lobby with what was like a nice sitting area and the ever present fresh flowers that can be found all over the beautiful grounds of the Bellagio.Definitely gonna stay here one day. Hopefully, a lake view... Ha! Make sure you check out the gardens, fountain show, art installation above registration (so beautiful & full of color), casino, shops, etc.
1	Internet connection is the worst that I have experience at any hotel.  I came here for Memorial Day Weekend and unfortunately for me I had homework that needed to be submitted by midnight Sunday.  I first tried to connect in the room and it took over 15 minutes to get a connection.  The next day I went down to the lobby to work and I couldn't get connected no matter what I tried.  I eventually called the technical support desk and he finally assigned my IP addressed.  Later that night I tried to sign in from the room again and I couldn't.  I called the tech desk yet again and he had to assign my IP addressed.  I asked him why I was having so many problems and he told me the service provided sucks.  If it is so bad - they might want to consider another provider.  Note to self NEVER get COX Communications for anything.  This is NOT the experience that I expect to have at the Bellagio.  Marriott Courtyard has better internet.
4	The botanic garden - one of my favorite place to visit. They change the scene once in a while so every time I go, it's different. I even try to visit during both day time and night time, so that I see the work of lights. Room - decent and classy. I like their bed."O" show - I have only watched two Cirque shows and the other one is "KA". They are probably the top two Cirque shows and both are really good. But if you have a choice, watch "KA".Jean Philipe Chocolate - I love their dark Chocolate. Fountain show - one of my favorite.
5	Fancy Smancy! Decadence! Love it! I could spend my whole Vegas weekend hanging out in the Bellagio. They host my favorite show, "O" and have great shopping. All of the staff bend over backwards to accommodate guests. I felt like a million bucks just hanging out there. If you are wanting to impress yourself with Vegas-style class, this is the place to go.
4	I've been to the Bellagio many times, and I have to say it's one of the better casino/hotel combos on the strip. The standard rooms are not huge, but you can snag one with a really great view and your location on the strip is one of the best. The Bellagio has beautiful decor, and features some decent sightseeing with the Bellagio fountains and the Botanical Garden. I lived in Las Vegas for 5 and a half years, and for some reason, the fountains just never get old.
2	I learned on my recent stay that I am getting old, or that I expect better service than Las Vegas mass market gives.  The room overlooking the fountain was nice, but noisy on the weekend until 4am when the club closed.  Our flight was cancelled due to weather, and I called down to extend our stay.  I was on hold four forty-five minutes.  Then walked down to the front desk which, in Bellagio's defense was very busy.  I ended up calling another property, and we just packed and checked out instead.  I feel like no matter how large you are if you don't want my business, then I'll be glad to take it somewhere that does.
5	One of the best Hotels in Vegas. Unlike others who are deteriorating with age, the Bellagio is still a beautiful, vibrant hotel. The fountains and the indoor gardens are awesome. Two of my favorite things in this city, in the same hotel. Awesome. The rooms are very nice. Some of the nicest I've stayed in. Lots of time went into the decorating. If you want a nice, clean, respectable hotel, this is a great option. This and the Wynn are my favorites.
1	We stayed at the Bellagio many times and this time it was not worth my time or money.I would like everyone who reads this review to be aware of the rooms on the 4th - 11th floors the odd number rooms facing the dumpsters and the truck cleaning machine.The hotel had a crew of workings all hours of the night dumping beer cans and bottles in the dumpsters. It was extremely loud.We stayed in room 7079.The truck with this loud whining would start at 6 am and finish about 30 minutes later.Please ask for a different location
4	This is a high class hotel but a little bit old. Vintage Style(?). Staffs are very helpful.Good size room for 4 people. Don't forget to ask the fountain view room. Buffet is reasonable price $33/weekday, $39/weekend for their food are very fresh.
2	The Bellagio is a very well updated hotel right in the middle of the strip which is why my boyfriend and I decided to do our staycation from our anniversary here! First, the parking garage is easy to maneuver around and the lobby isn't too far from the garage. We were staying on a Sunday night and the figured the line to check in wouldn't be too bad. Well, we were wrong. Their system was down. Which is understandable. I don't mind waiting but when we finally got to the person checking us in, I tried to be friendly and spark some conversation considering she was probably having a bad day due to the system being down... No response. She just clicked away at her computer. Alright, so I guess it was a REALLY bad day. We got our keys and our room was a little ways away.. No big deal if you aren't lugging around a lot of things but we had a lot of stuff so it was kind of annoying. There was security checking to make sure you had a room key before going up which was nice. When we got to our room, it was nicely decorated but not entirely clean. There was still some hair in the bathroom and the bed linens didn't seem to be changed. There also wasn't a mini fridge in the room. I have never stayed in a hotel where a mini fridge wasn't standard. There also weren't any outlets in the bathroom.... Uhm what? The walls were also super thin. We could hear everything around us. The Bellagio is supposed to be one of the nicest hotels on the strip but it is subpar.
4	Only reason for 4 stars was my 35.00 bacon and eggs!  I make good money and I have to tell you.  Some things feel like to much. Lobster I get. Steak I get...... Hmmmm Beacon & eggs? Plus tons of passing through traffic from other hotel peeps. Feels like Disney Hotel. Great if your up for stopping and taking peoples pictures. Hey sometimes I like the kids and family picture day feel :)  The Hotel is very nice and people great.Verses the others? Aria: less crowded and better priced food, cool vibethe Venetian: Has cool vibe and bigger rooms Wynn: Dull feeling.  To stuffy and staff not as niceCaesar: Up beat and like the feel.  Nice remodeled room and great locationHey I go a lot :)
1	Horrible horrible front desk service and Manager.  Azi was curt, rude and completely devoid of understanding  of the fact that I was given very bad checkin information on the phone by their staff.  I will never choose to book a room here again and the only reason I'm staying here tonight is because my husband is attending a conference.
5	Beautiful room, sparkling clean, fabulous view. Lots of bells and whistles. Staff were marvelous. Picasso restaurant vegetarian dinner was fantastic. Pricey.
3	I have been a regular guest at the Bellagio twice a year for the past several years.  I have always looked forward to the environment and amenities that it has, but over time I see things slipping and I now need to reconsider if I will try another resort.The buffet quality and selection has decreased.I have always been granted at least 30 min late check out, but this time I was told the hotel was sold out and extending  was not possible UNLESS I wanted to pay for extra hours.One of the things that has drawn me to the Bellagio was that I felt that the hotel did anything it could to make my stay comfortable.  Now I see it more interested in drawing crowds an making money.
5	This casino is just beautiful...that is the best way to describe it! They had a really cool display with a huge bird house with cute little finches inside. Then all around it they had flower sculptures of birds and snails. Absolutely gorgeous!
4	Had a really great stay here and after seeing other supposed high end hotels on the strip, I'm glad I stayed here. I'll mention the amenities and restaurants here that I used. First I had booked a room that faced away from the fountains because you're never in your room anyway, and when you are, you just want to relax and sleep and not listen to lots of noise outside. The standard king room was very comfortable, quiet, and restful. Nice large bathroom with two sinks, glass shower and jacuzzi tub.  I asked for a lower floor so I could be first on and off the elevators. The pool area gets pretty busy by 11am but still possible to find a spot after that. I wouldn't say that the pools had a real party atmosphere to them, but more relaxed. The gym was very big and had a lot of free weights, machines, and cardio. I ate breakfast twice at the Jean Phillipe bakery and I highly recommend the Forest crepe. I also ate dinner at Fix which was good but expensive. All the food and drinks are overpriced but that is too be expected. All the staff I spoke with were professional and polite. I would definitely stay here again.
4	Nothing more to add other than its a Vegas casino, a nice Vegas casino. Yes, there's still smoke, and men in tank tops, and hookers. You want to avoid all that? Don't come to Las Vegas. Service is quite good, restaurants are nice, the pool is fun. I can't speak to the gambling...that's not my thing.
4	This is a classy hotel but in my opinion mostly for couples or middle age up people.if you want to see a young crowd, stay at somewhere else.If you stay at Bellagio, try to get the fountain view room and enjoy the amazing show day and night.The room and bathroom are big and comfortable enough even if you want to spend the whole day in the room.I was really disappointed about the restaurants of the hotel.For a classy one, I was expecting to have some nice dining experiences but I can say they were generally the worst of my trip..
2	Although our view of the fountains were spectacular, I found the room to be dingy, old, and small, compared to the Wynn or Encore.  Also, since we were taking the red eye back to Boston, I paid for an extra half day until 6pm on a Friday.  At 5:45, my daughter and sister tried to get into the hotel room, and it was locked - our keys turned off!!  The security guard could not reach a manager, and would not let us in to get our luggage, even after I showed them my receipt and my ID.  I was furious.  I called the front desk several times before I got the "on call" manager.  She apologized, and refunded my fee for the half day.  Meanwhile, she said we had a limo ride to the airport, all taken care of "just go to the bell man out front; they have your name".  Needless to say, when I went there, they had no idea what I was talking about, so I again tried to reach a manager in vain.  It is apparent that one hand has no clue what the other is doing in this large hotel; God forbid, if there was an emergency in a room - they wouldn't let you into your own room!!  We ended up taking a cab to the airport.  The manager did call me again after I reached the airport to apologize for a second time about the lack of communication.  You can always walk by the fountains; I do not recommend staying here if you are used to first class service and excellent, modern accommodations.
5	I came for Vegas for the conference and had my 2 year old baby. Bellagio provided me with a crib and all babies bathroom accessories. That was nice. Unlike other hotels on strip, there was no sigar smell. The only what I didn't  like was that there was no coffee maker in the room.
1	Horrible service. First and last time here. Checked in and was promised a room with a view. The lady at the front desk offered us a complimentary bottle of champagne which didn't come. Our "view" is of the parking lot. Asked to speak to a manager who was very curt and rude. Didn't apologize for the mix up. I'm sorry as a guest I bothered her. Next time stay at Caesar's. A bit older, but much better service and views.
5	The plan was to switch away from M life resorts and establish a relationship with Wynn and/or Caesars after a so so trip to the Mirage last month. That was until a last minute trip with a 92 year old friend looking to scratch something off his bucket list with a trip to the Bellagio and the O show.The Bellagio was just amazing. From the hotel, the atmosphere, the welcoming friendly staff, the fountain, the super clean beautiful room with the awesome view, the cafe, the conservancy and the O show. Gambling was good too.It was so good that I'm going back with the family in 2 weeks to spoil them too.I wish I got more names to single out some great staff. There was the young lady that checked us in and took special care of us. There is a very nice and the best beverage server at Bellagio with the purple highlights in her hair( liked her hair, let her keep the purple ) Maryann at Petrossian lounge is a sweetheart and Reatta the usher at the O show is the real star of that show. If more people were like her the world would be a better place.
4	I was attracted by the grand water fountain when driving down Las Vegas Blvd ~ what a frontage! I was really impressed with the ceiling design at the lobby but not impressed when I entered my suite. The room is ordinary and maybe needs a design update. The cafe next to the garden is a Must Try!!
2	BUT A long list of things I that weren't great*booked 2 rooms at the same time...however we ended up in two different towers and there was "no way" for us to be closer*no help with luggage- so you walk thru the casino and tourists areas which dodging tour groups and struggling with luggage*wifi was horrible. Although we paid $28 a day in resort fees half the time the wifi didn't work*cleaning products were left in our room by staff*not enough seating in lobby. Checkout time is 11 and we weren't able to get a late checkout... So spent an hour sitting way too close to each other on couches that weren't comfy*venitlation system is horrible- casino reeks of smoke (so after walking through it so did I) *room ac wasn't great. Always seemed warm in roomWe paid quite a bit for these rooms and truthfully don't think it was worth it:(
1	I was so excited to come to the Ballagio.....I WISH I NEVER CAME....The noise from the nightclub was crazy.....I was up from 1am to 4am listening to a DJ, music, and screaming....I was on the 17th floor and it still was loud as heck....IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR QUIET....DON'T COME HERE......We planned on staying 2 nights but decided to check out and go somewhere else...CHECK OUT WAS A NIGHTMARE...Johathan needs to learn to quit yapping and check out/in customers.....I waited 40 minutes in line and he only got through 2 people checking out......TERRIBLE EXPERIENCENO FRIDGE IN THE ROOM.....Had to keep our drinks cold with ice.....WHICH WAS LIKE A MILE AWAY.Make sure you bring lots of money if your thirsty.....$5.00 for a coke.....Way overrated....If you want to check out a REAL HOTEL for the same price? CHECK OUT HOTEL 32 AT THE MONTE CARLO......Way better than this place
2	I've been to 5 different hotels in Vegas and thought I'd give this one a try this I've heard lots of good things and because the view of the fountain would be nice.  I originally booked a Fountain View room and when I went to check in, I had asked the receptionist if she could make sure we have a really nice view.  I was so pumped up to get to the room that when I looked outside the window I was so disappointed.  I did not realize Bellagio had a 2nd building on the side and the view was not what I was expecting.  If I wanted a side view of the fountain, I would have asked for that or go to the COSMOPOLITAN and pay less and have a nicer and newer room.  The should advertise our room as SIDE VIEW FOUNTAIN ROOM.  Quite a disappointment. I will most likely keep away from this specific hotel for a while... I had an issue with their Roulette table scamming me.  I sat at a $25 table and asked for $1 chips.  The dealer said this is a $25 table and I had to have $5 chips.  That was a lie because I've done it before at other casinos.  This was a cheating way to get me to waste my money.I've decided to stick to a 2 star rating, however, overall the service wasn't too bad.  I had some issues with their Jean Phillipe Patisserie charging someone else's room and the supervisor messed up and didn't refund properly... I am still dealing with their Guest Services for all the issues they put me through.  Having to speak with hotel and MLIFE is a bit annoying since they are separate departments.Concierge was extremely helpful with assisting me with my tickets for the Cirque show because we had to swap something.  The buffet had amazing service.  Bellagio is rating quite high among the other hotels (5 diamond/star?), however they had failed to provide that experience to me this time.
1	We've love this hotel in the past, and stayed many many times. Unfortunately her recent stay, hello wonderful, the hotel under MGM management continued to place charges I'm our American Express card. Apparently they are more concerned with covering losses from customers who attempt to take advantage, and charge good customers outrageous fees, forcing them to never return.
5	Fun place to hang out . Great drinks either at the bar or served at the machines.Just like the atmosphere.Always clean not Smoky and classy.Stayed here on a weekend date.Very nice rooms.My choice as the Best of Vegas.
2	Just checked into Bellagio in one of the new towers. We booked the deluxe luxury rooms. The rooms are new and we'll done but the hospitality leaves a lot to be desired. They sold us a parking lot view room in the name of fountain view room. Rooms were not ready for checkin even at 2 pm and they have removed even the electric tea cattle from the room. We called services to provide one and she said it would be additional $31 just for the hot water kettle!!! We tried to order in room food and she said the wait time was more than  1 hr in a tone that begged us to not place an order.... We have just arrived so I will update the thread over the next couple of days...
5	It's been a few years, and when I went, Bellagio was THEE place to stay in Vegas. I had the fortune of a friend treating me to the stay while we were in town for the WSOP. From the moment we walked in, it was clear that this was a masterpiece of Las Vegas. The feel, the atmosphere, everything was first class. The hand blown glass tulips in the lobby are breathtaking. There is an air of classiness to this place that seems lacking in other casinos (not all of them) on the strip. Bellagio feels like it runs at a slower, more deliberate pace. The staff were first class and very professional. The room itself made you want to stay and appreciate it. Everything from the fully stocked wet bar, to the view, to the absolutely gorgeous bathroom with steam shower and hot tub, to the most comfortable beds just made the Bellagio steal the show. The view of the strip is awesome. There is so much to do in the hotel/casino that you could really just stay there; lots of high end shops, restaurants, salon & day spa, etc. can fill your day with activities.Fortunately, I had been to Vegas twice prior to staying here so I could justify just hanging out and taking in as much as I could. Everything about the Bellagio is just dripping with elegance. I know that now, it is considered one of the "older" hotels on the strip, but that does not make it any less appealing. At night time, it is always an experience to go take in one of the fountain shows. Yeah, it's pricey, but it's doable if you're visiting off-season and work your magic on the internet to book a room with them. The room service is flawless. On the casino floor, they are very aggressive to make sure you have drinks while you are gaming and even if you are not. I came down the elevators early one morning around 5:45am to grab a newspaper and a coffee. A very attractive young waitress approached me as I walked out of and asked me if she could get me a drink. I told her I was just looking for some coffee and a newspaper. She told me she would go get me one and asked me if I would like Bailey's with it, to which I happily accepted. I wandered over and grabbed a newspaper, and she was waiting for me with not one, but two cups of coffee with lids on them.Bellagio will always hold a special place in my heart. Great memories and I hope to be back one day. Without hesitation, 5 stars.
5	I love the garden and flowers in this hotel.  They are just beautiful!  Every time I come to Las Vegas, I am always excited to see the floral display.  This time, I took my children to see the flowers and they were both amazed with how beautiful it looked.
5	My bf and I had a drink with Dorothy, she was awesome. She definitely goes above and beyond for her customers. Very pleasant experience.
4	Great hotel in great location. Could not have been a better experience. Rooms very spacious and casino clean and easy to navigate. Not always the case when in Vegas. Check in was easy. Dined at  Yellowtail  restaurant which was expensive but worth it. Would like to comment our waiter Roberto who was off the charts great. My 84 year old uncle requires a scooter and can require more attention than a regular patronand Roberto made our dining experience a memorable one and he should be complimented for this. He is truly an asset to the Bellagio. Would definitely stay here again.
4	Still my most favorite casino in Vegas.  I didn't stay there on this particular trip but have stayed twice in the past.  The rooms are ok but the casino is especially nice.  It's not the seedy, nasty kind of casino but a place that you can hang out in all day and feel very comfortable.
2	I will try to be as fair about this review as I can be. The good points. This hotel is certainly impressive, and the accommodations are top notch. It is certainly in keeping with the root Italian word of this Hotel's sobriquet, which is Bella! Something extraordinarily beautiful that it is unforgettable. You sigh at beholding such beauty.However, my sigh comes from the extravagant price of the suite that did not quite deliver on our expectations.We arrived at a very busy holiday weekend, and the only room available was a Private Suite at $600 / night. I politely asked what type of amenities came with this room, and I was provided with a well written brochure outlining the impressive size and view of this quite expensive room. Needless to say, we were impressed and handed the lady my American Express Card.As we were escorted upstairs, we had very high expectations as to what this room would be. We have stayed in many suites in many hotels in Las Vegas, and we were informed that this was going to be better than any of them.When the door swung open, we were greeted with what amounted to a nice comfortable suite whose description did not align itself with what we saw, and summarily experienced. The suite was smaller than what we expected, and it's layout actually was not as functional. There were too many hidden corners. Instead of a nice expansive view, we had a room that was like a maze. Honestly, in all the times that I have stayed in LV, this was the most disappointing experience I have ever had seeing as that I was paying alot for this room.Needless to say, I will not be staying in another Bellagio Suite ever again. Not for even half what they charged us for this Suite. There are much better hotels in LV than this for 1/3 the price. (See my other review of another LV Hotel Suite).
4	Still a first rate resort casino! And I'd probably give it 5 stars if I hadn't stayed here so many times before. But this time was just not up to Bellagio standards. Everything is impressive but room was a bit worn, crowds were a bit "casual", service was just great. Hopefully is was just an off weekend and it wont keep me from going back!
5	I've been to the Bellagio a few times and it's always fun.  Located at a great spot on the strip.  Seems to be the epicenter of great spots; restaurants, shopping, etc.  The fountains out front are gorgeous and if you are unhappy with your room they will move you somewhere you like.My friends always get a room with a fountain view.  They usually have a drink and watch the fountains before heading out for the night.  One other thing we usually do is reserve chase lounges at the Cypress pool.  It's not cheap, $75/day, but it's worth it.  Great service and staff, and no jockeying for chairs.If you're a gambler the casino is supposed to have the best odds in Vegas.  I don't know about that but the dealers are friendly.  I'm not much of a gambler so you'll have to see for yourself.If you've never stayed here I encourage you to give it a shot.  If you don't like the smell of flowers when you enter, the 2 story chocolate fountain might get you.  Whatever your flavor, The Bellagio, while not cheap, is worth the visit.
5	What a gorgeous place! We arrived at 6:30 am. The people at the counter were very helpful and tried to help us check in early but our room wasn't ready. They gave us our room key and let us know they would call us when it was ready. When we finally got our room it had a great view of the pool, highway, etc pretty cool 17th story view. The bathroom was big! The ambiance is wonderful and it is not crowded. Lots of beautiful decor and this place is very clean.
1	Just returned from my 1st trip to Vegas. We wanted class so we stayed at the Bellagio. I flew in from CA and arrived at noon.  My friend was coming from the north and her flight was delayed 8 hours.  Because Expedia did not have my name on the itinerary, Bellagio was not going to let me check in.  They finally relented when I pulled out an email addressed to me by my friend (who booked the room) with the reservation attached.  Customer service?   Terrible.  In addition, the hotel is dated, dumpy and has the worst wall art ever.  We had 2 free buffet visits listed on the Expedia itinerary/reservation.  At check out, we had to pay additional fees ($13) as they said the 'free' visits were only worth $60. Nowhere on any of our documents did it list the cost of the buffet as %60 or as anything else.  Cheap, cheap, cheap trick.  The food at the buffet sounded grand but was mediocre at best. Cheap cuts of meat and pre-frozen, thawed shrimp. We had breakfast at Cafe Bellagio and paid cash. It was $60 for 2 for a Denny's quality meal.  However, at checkout, we were also charged $18.99 for breakfast.  No explanation was given. I have stayed at 5 star hotels all over the world and I cannot understand why the Bellagio is viewed as opulent. I would never stay there again and would never recommend it.
4	Came here for Cam's work event and it started off pretty rocky. We asked for an early check in - supposed to be at 9am and we didn't get our room until way after 10am. I wouldn't be so upset about it but we caught the red eye the night before and of course we had Logan (1.5yrs old) who was not loving the time difference and lack of space to lay out. When we got to our room we asked for the mini fridge to be locked because once again, we have a 1.5 yr old FULL of mischief and they didn't lock it the entire time. Even after we brought it up to the bellhop, the lady at check in and one of the house keeping ladies. THEN we didn't know this til I almost died, but our toilet was leaking. I found out the hard way! We were gone most of the day and I came back alone with Logan and attempted to grab his tooth brush there goes my foot slipping on the pool of water near the toilet. Gross I know, but I ended up slipping and luckily I grabbed the counter before I slipped back. The distance between the shower and the sink is super close too! We called it and the guy came up pretty fast to fix it. The maid service is very punctual and there were a few times I wasn't even able to stop her from barging in. She'd knock and say house keeping and just walk right in lol. I loved our room since it was right off the elevator and there was no smoking in the area we were in. It was kind of nice not walking back to your room smelling like cigarette smoke.We also had a nice sundries shop right downstairs and were able to get Logan's milk from there too. Over all, beautiful hotel.
5	The Bellagio is one of the nicest hotels in Las Vegas. It is an elegant structure that is beautiful inside and out.My favorite place to dine inside the Bellagio is Yellowtail. It is located near the valet on Flamingo Rd. There are other amazing dining opportunities all throughout the hotel. There is also a great bakery over by the shopping area where all the flowers are.The rooms and suites are amazing. They have great views of the Westside of the Valley and of the Strip. The food from room service is better than many of the restaurants that I have eaten at on the Strip.They have an amazing fountain and light show at night that you can view from the strip or from any of the surrounding area.The casino itself if very large and they have a very nice high limit room with a very comfortable high limit lounge. There are also a couple of nightlife Venus to choose from.I really like the fact that you can actually walk out the back of the hotel over to City Center (Vadra).I highly recommend frequenting the Bellagio.
5	if you're not a hardcore gambling/clubbing/drinking type like me and have some extra cash to spare, opt for the room with a fountain view. if it's your first time in Vegas or you haven't been in a while, it's a great introduction to the strip and just nicer in general.the hotel staff was so accommodating, and they gave my uncle's room and my parent's room free upgrades to better rooms. the rooms are clean, quiet, and the view was beautiful both on the fountain view room and the regular, pool-view room.front desk keita was great :)
5	Another great stay here. You get what you pay for. Beautiful place, outstanding service, great restaurants. Rene is my favorite. Beverage server who is very nice and does a great job with a smile.
5	This is a classic hotel. It just never gets old. I love this place I have stayed here like three times and I love it. The rooms are very clean and nice.
5	Really like the location.Our room was well appointed, comfortable, great tub and shower booth.the room isn't too big but enough for 2 adult.
4	I arrived in the morning and had hoped to get an early check in and the clerk at registration was very helpful but as a result of checking in early I was not able to get a lake view room as I had requested since those rooms were not ready yet. This was fine since I wanted to get into a room now instead of later, plus I had assumed all rooms would be nice at the Bellagio. My room accommodations were pleasant. The king bed was very comfortable and I slept soundly. Turndown service did not impress me because I expected more from the Bellagio.  My room 4118 had a very nice view of the pool area. It was quiet, roomy and tastefully decorated.The room is equipped with a fully stocked minibar with snacks.  Bottled water starts at $5.00 for Dasani and goes up from there. The minibar is also electronically weighted so if you lift a bottle out of the bar it will automatically be charged to your room so beware. I purchased one bottle of water and then I thought I would use the empty slot to refrigerate a sandwich I had brought back to my room.  When I decided to eat my sandwich later in the day, I found out that I was charged again for another water. I informed the front desk and they removed the charge and in addition for the inconvenience they comped me the other bottle as well. That was a nice touch.The hotel is very large and the hallways between elevators and some rooms can be quite far.  I would recommend for those that have mobility issues to make sure to request a room close to the elevators otherwise get ready for a long walk.The hotel has plenty of good restaurants and of course you need to check out the fountains and beautiful atrium.  In addition, if you like fine art you can visit their onsite art gallery for an additional fee.  I did not do that this time because I wasn't interested with their current exhibition but may be next time.
5	If you want more of an upscale feel of a casino then look no further! Make sure you bring plenty cash because the winnings over here are a lot less likely. I mean it's vegas and once you find your favorite place to gamble stick to it. It's one of those to each is own kind of situations but I rather not gamble here. Never had much luck but have friends who have!
4	I once rated this a 5 star but I must say during our stay we did not feel the benefits of a 5 star resort. Checkout  lines were ridiculously long and understaffed. I love that this place is clean and that they take pride in keeping this place beautiful but I feel like that is all there is......cleaning cleaning cleaning, at odd hours when people are in the casino. Common areas seemed to be cleaned during hours where lots of people are walking by. I think there was more cleaning than there were cocktail waitresses. This place is more of a looker than anything.
3	I would give the hotel itself 4 stars, as it's obviously nice but there are a lot of things that they could do better when it comes to customer service:1. Have a line so that check-in/out isn't random.  They don't have one line so that if you're next you go to the next available person.  It's like a grocery line and how quick it happens depends on what is happening with the guest in that line so if you happen to choose the wrong line with the guest that wants to chat about his gun collection with the front desk clerk, you're there for 15 minutes while others who came after are done.  I know my luck!2.  I was there when there was a power outage this past week.  I understand those things are beyond your control but all I know is that the lights in my room go out at around 9pm on Monday and you would think there would be some sort of announcement or something that tells you what is happening.  You can't even get someone on the phone to see if it's just your room, your floor or the whole hotel.  Couldn't  tell if it's just your room since the hallway lights were working.  The water show is happening since you can see it out your window.3.  Morning after the power outage - no hot water for showers.  Coldest shower that I've ever taken but really can you go without a shower in July in Vegas?And no comments from management, type of small credit or anything for the inconvenience of 2 and 3.  Damn, give me a friggin snack bar item just to show that you realize that it was a pain in the a**.
1	Wow.  I'm literally standing in the check in line as I write this review and it is an ASTOUNDIMG mess. I've had better service at Taco Bell. I've been waiting in line for almost half an hour now.  Hopefully the rest of this stay is much.much.better.
3	The staff is great and the rooms are nice. We had plumbing issues with the sink and shower which is disappointing for the amount we paid. Love the restaurants here and the pool is great for a chill time or families. The servers at the pool are not so good. There was 8 of us females and not once did they come up to us. These ladies could have made a ton of money if they had actually asked. All in all...an average stay!
5	Bellagio never disappoints. My room is freshly remodeled. Great view. Second time staying here. One of my favorite Vegas places to be.
5	Just returned from a fabulous anniversary trip to Las Vegas. We booked a fountain view room at the Bellagio and we were not disappointed, the lady at check in asked if we had a preference for floor and we told her to give us the best in her opinion, so we were placed on the 28th floor. The elevators are a thrill ride, LOL ZOOOOM! We walked in the room and WOW! The Eiffel tower at the Paris and the entire fountain area like a postcard! Best room I have every had in Vegas. Comfy bed and pillows, very clean and fully stocked (but pricey) mini bar. LOL, But vending and ice was just up the hall. Casino was fun. better class of folks for the most part, but still a party atmosphere. Actually didnt do too bad and came home with winnings! WE do tip well, so we had some really good bell & valet service. Really not sure why anyone would complain, unless nothing pleases them. It was one of the best experiences I have had traveling, and the place is JUST GORGEOUS!! The flowers alone are worth the visit! The resort is not for folks who want to get stupid and loud, head to hard Rock if thats your thing. It does have that high end elegance that many casinos and hotels are missing in town.Also if you LOVE high end shopping ( even if its just the window variety) you can spend a day inside and around the resort. its located in a fun spot on the strip. The money they didnt get at slots I spent at Giardini for beautiful Italian ceramics! Better than a cheap T-shirt, LOL.Then there is Jean Phillipes Patisserie, with the giant chocolate fountain. Not just decadent sweets, but great Panini and crepes for lunch, and we made it our go to for coffee and Brioche for breakfast. Grab something and go sit by the pool with the paper ( Only for guests) .Awesome dinner on your checklist? We chose Le Cirque at the Bellagio.  If French food is your thing,and you like to dress to impress, its one of the best. The service was amazing, the decor & the plates were wonderful and the food Gourmet. They helped me arrange a surprise for our anniversary and presented the table with a Beautiful cake from Jean Phillipes in our anniversary colors! 5 star+ to their whole team!!I cant wait to return again!!!
1	If I could give this Casino a 0 I would. The corporate staff and security are very disrespectful.. There was an issue that happened at one of the nightclubs about two weeks ago, I am now 86ed from the property and was told by Security that I just have to contact Ray Brown to get the 86 lifted.. Prior to being 86th they lied to me to get me into the security office in order to 86 me.. I have now contacted Security and left 4 messages  four times saying I will get a call back and never have.. The lady that answered the phone who I've spoke to each time said her name was Kris but I do not know if that is even true.. She is very disrespectful, interrupts you, I caught her in a lie which is pretty funny, and also has hung up on me numerous times..
2	Don't leave anything in the hotel room, they'll just take it... The service is also rude.
4	Beautiful reception lobby.  I love the glass pieces on the ceiling.  Whenever I'm in vegas I always check out what they have on display in their atrium.  They got one of the best buffets in Vegas.  I'm always making sure I eat here once every time I visit Vegas.
5	Recommend this to anyone, you have to see this place.  It has a dancing water fountain display, botanical garden, awesome buffet, shopping mall, dance clubs, restaurants to chose from and many more.
4	Had never been here a was pretty stoked to get my chance. I had heard amazing things and definitely did not disappoint. The bellagio is the nicest and most expensive hotel I have stayed at in Vegas. The Friday they Sunday cost me $800 but with the resort fees and etc it was over $1100. A little pricey for a weekend in July but I knew it was 5 stars and my gf is worth it. The rooms are immaculate and the sheets, pillows and beds are plush. The eoom was cleaned very day perfectly and the staff was nice. The check in did take a few more than I am used to but it was Friday afternoon so it was busy. I would definitely stay here agin but maybe have to look for a special rate. We did not gamble here as the tables were very high minimums.
4	I have nothing to say but good about this place, the water show is cool especially for the kids. The rooms are nice and comfortable just like the staff. I did have a Problem getting a room key , after I had left my I.d in the room, but after giving them the proper information everything was cool and I was back at the casino and understood their safety concerns. Anyway if your gonna gamble here expect to spend some cash, there's no 5 black jack here.
1	We checked in to the Bellagio on 6/25/14.Were told that they had a small refrigerator for my husband's insulin that could be brought to our room free of charge!Fantastic!The next morning when he went to take it out IT WAS FROZEN SOLID!Many hours later of forms; risk management people; promises that the over $530 in insulin would be refunded we are now OVER A MONTH LATER and it is still a run around!    Stayed June 2014
5	The fountain show is a MUST! Absolutely awesome! Hotel is over the top.
1	I will never again stay at the Bellagio even if they paid me to stay. I was meeting friends for a Bachlorette party and my flight into Vegas was delayed so they asked the front desk for another key and left it for me to pick up. When I finally picked up the key and got to my room, the key didn't work. I called the front desk and waited 30 minutes for security. When they finally got there, they told me they couldn't let me in because the room wasn't in my name. How does a hotel mess up activating a god damn room key?? I am livid
5	Great hotel, beautifully maintained,  Pool was very nice, with plenty of chairs (august).  Beds are very comfortable and turndown service is nice (love how they turned the tv channel to the tranquility music channel each night).   I will say the checkin procedures needs revamped.  Its one big free for all with no lines.   Needs more structure to checkin like Aria next door (one line).   Too many guests get to the front and take forever chit chatting while people people next to you zip on by.   Thats probably my only big complaint...please fix checkin process.
5	LOOOOOOVE this hotel.If you want to get the best customer service possible, be treated like royalty, and experience amazing restaurants, this is the hotel to go to.The difference between Bellagio and the other hotels? Elegance. Classiness. The people who stay here are classy: you don't get stumbling drunk people, or weirdos security needs to watch...it's just the normal, put together people who like to enjoy Vegas from an non-girls-gone-wild perspective.The lobby is gorgeous...check out the ceiling and beautiful fountains and flower displays. The restaurants (DO NOT MISS OLIVES!) serve delicious food with a classy touch.You don't smell cigarette smoke ANYWHERE...not even in the Casinos. For someone who can't stand the smell....huge win.They have the largest chocolate fountain in the world...according to Guiness Book of World records...enough said.The rooms: beautiful!! So well done....spacious and with a marble floor entry way. Bathrooms are huge with a shower and separate tub to soak in...really nice.Best part...the beds....OMG. When you lay down, you just sink into the bed (where the hell do they get those mattresses?) and the pillows and mattress seep into every crevice of your neck and back, almost knowing where you need support the most. I had some of the best sleep ever in Bellagio beds.Point of the story: Bellagio hotel is excellent on every level. I recommend this hotel to any other on the strip, We'll be staying here every time.
4	I have been staying here since it opened and I love it here. The restaurants are always consistent and great. You can tell from the second you walk into the hotel it is an upscale place. The decor is also top notch. I really like how they remodeled the rooms and updated them. The service here is also great. I have never had a bad experience here in all the years I have been staying here. The pool is great and a of fun. I also love that their prices have dropped from what they once were. I strongly suggest staying here. You won't be let down.
5	Beautiful fountains, cool art inside, they also have an ice cream and sweets shop! A very elegant and classy hotel overall
5	My husband and I frequent 4 and 5 star hotels hotels when we travel, and we like our date nights in Chicago, so we have a good basis for ratings.  We stayed in a suite in the newer tower late April for an Elton John concert...a bucket list for me.  As we walked in our room, both of us said this is by far the best room so far.  Nice view of the desert, and spacious room - 3 bathrooms!  The hotel is grand and beautiful.  We will definitely stay here if we go back.
5	No one does it better than Bellagio.  We've stayed here a few times and it's become the ONLY place we'll stay when visiting Vegas.  We've had Deluxe Fountain View Suites and the two-bedroom Penthouse Suites and they are all amazing.  The service is impeccable, the staff amazing and the hotel stunning.
4	Beautiful hotel is like a resort no complaints ever , excellent service, excellent price, excellent locations  only thing you need is to have enough Energy to do everything, drink, dance, gamble, swimming, party, do it all.
4	Recommend this hotel.  Excellent service, food, and comfortable rooms.  It is also near the tram so traveling along the Strip is easy.
4	This is one of the premier Casino-Hotels in Las Vegas and could be considered a vegas landmark.  Everyone knows the Bellagio fountains...But did you know this Casino has the best selection of restaurants of all the Casinos in town?  Michael Mina, Olives, Jasmine, Picasso, sensi, Fix, the list goes on.  Not to mention a little 24 hour cafe in the back by the sports book for the hardcore gamblers.Throw on top of that a world class buffet, best poker room in town and a garden?  You don't have to leave Bellagio for the full vegas experience!
4	Really nice.  Very accommodating.  Comfortable beds and rooms.  Lots to see and do.  Probably the nicest smelling casino in Las Vegas - only smoke or stale odors is if one is standing next to a smoker or drunk... and there are virtually none of those.  Beautiful swimming pools.  Exceptional check-in clerks, bellmen and valets.  Also exceptional... the room service!
2	Pluses:* Beautiful hotels and rooms.* Friendly staff.Minuses:* Takes forever to check-in to this hotel (50 minutes).* "Self check out" process does not allow you to get an emailed receipt. So, after you self check out, you still need to go to the desk and wait in line to talk to a clerk to get a receipt! Useless!* Cigarette smoke all over the place!Great hotel, but poor check in and check out procedures!
5	Best hotel ever? We wanted two double bed rooms next to each other, which they didn't have, so they upgraded us to a king sized room with an attached double bed with an amazing view of the fountain. Though at one point they claimed that we consumed a bottle of Jack from the mini fridge and said they will charge even though we didn't even touch it. But over all excellent hotel!
5	The Bellagio is top notch! This is the only place we stay when in Vegas. Comfortable, elegant, and a great location on the strip. The pool cafe has great food for lunch. Bellagio is definitely the place to stay when visiting Vegas. You can't go wrong with this choice!
5	My first overnight at the Bellagio, and I have got to say ... IT WAS AWESOME!  I'm usually swayed by some super-low-rates or new casino promotions at other properties, and I like to earn my Starwood points at the Westin, but this time everyone was at the Bellagio for a recent family get-together, so I joined in.  My recommendation to fellow Yelpers is to go for the Belllagio Suite.  Not the penthouse or anything crazy, just the basic Bellagio Suite.  These are plenty of promotions and discount codes out there; you'll end up paying about 1.5 times the price of a regular room, and you are going to thank me!  My promotion (Bellagio Summer) included a $100 food and beverage credit.  Yes, there is a $28 "resort fee," but everyone seems to have that nowadays.  But, you say, I'm never in the room anyway except to sleep.  Hear me out, I say.  Here's why the suite life is so sweet:1.  Preferred Check-in.  The Bellagio lobby, though pretty, is always in a state of pandemonium.  Suite guests get their own "Invited Guest" line which was never mobbed during my four day stay.  Totally worth it to whisk in and out.   Fancier suite guests get their own check-in room, but no need to go there.  2.  Front of line pass.  The Bellagio buffet is, I suppose, a must do.  When my group arrived, there were over 300 people in the buffet line, snaking out along the casino.  The VIP line, for high rollers and other cool guests like you, had not one guest in it.  Suite holders get a free front of line pass, good for the buffet and the Bellagio Cafe.  Worth its weight in crab legs!  We were inside and seated within two minutes.  3.  The room.  Suites are on high floors, 27 and up, and have their own elevator banks.  Even the suite hallways are different, and, not to sound boy scoutish about it, they are just beautiful; my friends from lower floors were astounded.  We did not spring for the much pricier Fountain View suites (for eyeballing the famed Bellagio fountains), but the standard view suite (of the Rio and beyond) is pretty awesome.  Even for a jaded Vegas Yelper, the suite furnishings and size will take your breath away.  Three bathrooms, a huge 600SF living room with furniture I would like to have, and separate 600SF bedroom with super comfy beds.  I'm a sucker for that TV-in-the-bathroom-mirror thing, and there are two.  OK, enough already, give it a try.  A hit!
5	One of the most beautiful hotels ever, this place is a must stop just to see their beautiful fountain show and the indoor structure and attractions.  i love this place, super gorgeous! The botanical garden was well maintained, had the most beautiful flowers and just everything about it total jaw dropper. A must see that's all I have to say!
4	Only reason for 4 stars is the food lines are always so cluttered and not very well directed. Other than that. Lobby is perfect with the Dale Chihuly glass art. I always go to the store, and garden. Those are always my first stops!
4	They have nice stores inside the casino. And definitely nice arts and buffet is good at this place.
5	Favorite hotel in Vegas! Top notch all around...Deluxe Fountain View rooms are the cats meow. Can't go wrong at The Bellagio...
3	The fountain is the saving grace of this hotel. The hotel and especially the customer service is in need of a MAJOR over haul. They need to take a lesson from Aria for customer service.
4	My first time staying here was for my dad's birthday. It's almost an annual or biannual trip for us, and we've stayed at many different hotels. More times than not, we get invitations from the hotels themselves for free nights due to player's credit. And I was so excited to come and stay at the Bellagio because this has been my favorite hotel since I've saw the water show many many years ago. So my expectations were high.Parking is free, goes without saying like all of the hotels in Vegas. Casino is beneath all the parking levels, so level 1-2 is usually full. Registrations were readily packed but we had no problem checking in. We walked through the blackjack tables to the elevators. You must show the security guard your room key to enter the elevators.!!! We walked down a long hallway to get to our room. Once we walked in there and within 2 minutes I noticed there were opened water bottles, wet towels, used and open shampoo and conditioner bottles in the shower- I mean the room was half-a** cleaned. Was not what I expecting from a high-end hotel. Disappointed.There check-in and check-out lines are the same. Such a hassle to check-out when there's always a crowd of people :\Besides that, the pools are gorgeous. There are like 4 different pools and 4 hot sauna. Buffet, dessert with the chocolate foundation, cafe shop, Cartier, ALL them brand named stores. Free but slow wifi in the rooms. Also the hotel is located in the center of the strip, across from Planet Hollywood (good dining options), I would stay again, can't keep me away :)
4	We stayed here the weekend of August 15th and we had a great experience. It is a beautiful hotel and the service is beyond excellent. The rooms were modern and the bed was very comfortable. Our room only had one bath robe so we called the front desk for another one and they actually brought us two more within like five minutes that were the same robes they use in the spa and they were heavenly! Much better than the regular ones in the room when you get there. But this hotel is crowded all the time! There are so many people walking through that you are very slowed down when you're trying to leave. None of the other hotels we visited over the weekend were as crowded as the Bellagio. Also, our visit to the pool was very disappointing. There were no lounge chairs available and getting a drink took a very long time. But overall we were very pleased with our stay here.
5	The attentive service and authentic interactions of Bellagio staff with guests makes for a memorable experience.  What makes Bellagio outstanding are how many people stop and take the time to say hello and also attend to handicapped guests.  KUDOS Bellagio for providing a complimentary wheelchair and finding so many ways  to assist guests with disabilities.  You make Vegas distances doable.
5	This place is good for families, and people who want a clean, more upscale Vegas experience. It has some stunning attractions-the indoor atrium with amazing flower sculptures and bird collection( gotta take the kids). -pool/ gardens are idk lovely is a good word for them. Closes at 8pm. -GREAT dining. I love Japanese food, if you do too then do not leave this city without eating at Yellowtail! Best place...expensive, but stunning flavor. -Spa is very nice. I got a massage, seaweed wrap and detox mani/pedi. Stay away From the wrap unless uve had it before and liked it. Basically you will be a stinky human sushi roll, not fun. Get either Staci or Taylor to do your nails, they are beautiful, funny, and great to talk to while you get some quality paint. Shopping is great, bellagio fountains are incredible(I waited 30mins. Just to watch them a 2nd time, and I'm impatient). Rooms are smaller, but classy, clean, with free wifi. Tasteful. To eat: Olives is good. The chocolate fountains are great. Yellowtail is supreme.
5	As it promises this is one of the best places in Vegas to stay. Awesome pools with parks  that make each of them more private. Really clean, modern and very good service. The food also amazing and the ice cream bar is one of the best ice creams I tried in America.  Will come back if possible!
5	I don't see what's not to like.  The public rooms are a cut above the other hotels. The chandeliers are made of beautiful Murano glass from Venice.  The marble is Italian and top quality.  All the public areas are spectacular and interesting while the bedrooms are tasteful, lovely and with subdued colors.  Our stunning suite had a beautiful mini kitchen with lovely marble and 5 star appliances.  We had 4 separate bathrooms with a powder room.  Again the beautiful colors of brown, tan, vanilla and caramel were so beautiful and soothing.  The beds were perfect with comfy down pillows and opulent bedding.Even the shampoos and soaps had a glorious scent and were classy.  The art and furnishings were lovely and didn't seem manufactured.  I have zero complaints.  Of course it is a mammoth hotel with throngs of people everywhere.  If that bothers you, then you'll need to find a nice hotel off the strip.This place is exceptionally well-managed.  For such a large hotel, when you ask for your car to arrive, the valet has it there within a couple of minutes.  Kudos to management and staff here.My only recommendation to the manager is to have a coffee maker in the kitchen.
3	Overall I was not very impressed with the Bellagio. Like many hotels in Vegas, the place smelled of smoke. My eyes were irritated the entire weekend from being in the hotel. Check in and out took a long time. The rooms themselves are nice. They are big and pretty modern. Also, they said our room was a partial fountain view, but I would easily consider it a full fountain view! However, the hotel is very noisy (and no I am not talking about the fountains, don't mind that noise at all). While you could not hear the music the fountains were dancing to, you could hear all the rest of the noise from their nightclub Hyde as well as the strip, sirens all night long, etc. Our friends had a room on the other side of the hotel not facing the strip and were woken up every morning by the sound of bottles being crushed at a recycling plant. The food was ok, but nothing exceptional. I just expected the hotel and the experience to be a bit nicer and classier than it was.
4	The location is GREAT. Bellagio sits in the heart of the Las Vegas strip. Check-in on a Monday evening was relatively fast. My room was nice. I asked to be near an elevator and I was accommodated (the hallways at many Vegas hotels are LONG!). ...My room was clean but not "five-star" in my book. ...Used the pool often in my two-night stay. Service at the pool was good Tuesday with server "Alyshia" - but I went un-acknowledged the next day by a different girl. ...The pool area is way more family oriented here than at many Vegas hotels I've stayed at. The music at the pool is not loud or aggressive. ...Room service corned beef hash was super-good!!!! Service was prompt on a Wednesday at 4:15 am.
5	Just got back from a wonderful stay at Bellagio. Got upgraded to an awesome suite!! Great time and will be back again.
5	The Bellagio is a gorgeous hotel from the moment my family car pulled up to their entrance. The valet staff was very accommodating and pleasant throughout our whole stay. Their lobby is quite a feast for the eyes, my only complaint was that it's always ridiculously crowded: tourists and hotel guests alike. It was a bit hard to feel welcome pushing past bodies after bodies to get to the elevator. The suite we stayed at is absolutely breathtaking. We had a living room, three bedrooms, and four bathrooms; it was quite spacious. The furnitures are impeccable and the decor have a warm feeling. The pools surprisingly were not crowded and there were a lot of chaise available for lounging and sunbathing. In conclusion everything was great and Bellagio had made my first Las Vegas stay memorable and fun. In the future I'd love to stay here again but with a smaller room for a different feel.
2	Bad customer service from the front desk staff!  Excellent view since we paid for fountain view!  Free snail speed wifi.We checked in, walked up to our room and see cups of alcohol and opened wine bottles on the counter top.  It's obvious that either the room has not been clean or it is still being occupied. We left the room immediately (in case it is still being occupied) and picked up a house phone to call the front desk.  They apologized, gave us a new room, and told us that our key card will work for the new room.  And of course the key card does not work.  Call the front desk again and they send security over to open the door for us after verifying our ID.  He suggested us to call front desk to request a bell boy to deliver a new key card to us to save us a trip to the front desk.  So we called the front desk and waited in our room. After 45 minutes of waiting we decided to give them a call.  The person on the phone said it could be that the bell boy is busy with other requests.  Sooo disappointed.  In Vegas, We've stayed at Paris, Mandalay Bay(The Hotel), Venetian, Encore, The Wynn, and have never encounter this before!  What a way to kick off our three night stay!
3	Over all it's a nice hotel, very Vegas. Even if you're not a guest of the hotel try the Buffet. Loved the breakfast buffet there. However, the rooms are rather small. Luxor and Rio's rooms are double the size than this one, in the same price range. Also, they charge additional $25 a day for internet + gym entrance AND ANOTHER extra $29 for spa entrance (Rio, for example, included the spa and gym in the price of the room)
4	Finally I got to stay here ( always outside watching the water show) Nice standard room, we paid $160.
1	Arrival date: 08/01/2014 Departure date: 08/02/2014 Room Type: Resort King Special Requests:  Guaranteed Late Check-Out Number of Guests: 2This is supposed to be a member of the Leading Hotels of the World and a Five Star/Five Diamond Resort. I have been to the Bellagio plenty of times, but during this visit I did not expect this. I was repeatedly insulted, screamed at and called out to a confrontation by an assistant manager. And worse I was thrown out like a dog out of my room for no reason. I had a complimentary two day stay at another Five Diamond Resort and I decided to stick around in Vegas for a while longer because my check out from the other resort was on a Friday.  So, I booked a room at the Bellagio. I booked the basic king size standard room and I paid an additional fee of $30 dollars for a guaranteed check out, or so I thought. I arrived early and I do not know the exact reason why I was upgraded to a suite, and I was reassured that my upgrade would not affect my late check-out. I decided to do what I came to do, which was play the table games. I played for almost five hours and gave a very generous donation to the Casino in the end. The drinks took their toll on me and I needed time to recuperate from my fatigue and I have insomnia issues as well, for which I take strong sedatives to sleep. That is the reason why paid for a guaranteed late check out because I just can't get up half way through my sleeping cycle.It was approximately 10:53 am when my wife called the M-Life Desk to inquire about any comps for my play the previous evening. M-Life made my wife aware that they had me in their system checking out at 11:00 am. My wife woke me up and told me what they had told her and I told her perhaps they had made a mistake because I paid the fee to check out at 3pm and that the front desk would know better.My wife spoke a front desk staff member and they did not provide her an explanation and told her that we had to check out immediately. That is when I took control of the situation and asked to speak for a manager. I was transferred to a manager named "Jay" and he told me that I had to exit the suite immediately because housekeeping was outside ready to clean it and that I had to leave immediately.I asked Jay if he was the General Manager and the highest authority in the hotel, and he told me that he was. Jay came off the bat with a rude tone and disrespectful tone. I pleaded with Jay and advised him that I had paid for the "guaranteed late check-out". Jay screamed at me and told me to exit the room at 11 am or that he would have security come and kick me out of the room. I once again pleaded my case with Jay and he told me that the hotel was at high occupancy and that he needed me out NOW!I asked jay for time for me to pack my belongings and leave because I was being threatened to be kicked out of the room I had paid for by security. Jay advised me I had a 20 minutes to get out because once again, housekeeping needed to clean that room NOW!I told Jay that this was "bad costumer service" and for him not to speak to me in such a way because I was the guest. Here's when everything took and unexpecting turn for the worse. Jay the 'self-proclaimed' highest authority in the hotel begins to scream at me in a very loud and disrespectful tone. Jay's reply was "Service!!!?"... "I AM NOT YOUR SERVANT!!!" At this point, I was afraid and shocked by the way I was being treated in such a prestigious hotel by a manager. Jay was out of control, and I felt that no one would believe such an account of events. I began recording the conversation because this Jay fellow was out of control. Jay humiliated me by telling me that I am just a "Pearl" member and that he doesn't have to offer me much. He was very rude and sarcastic and unprofessional.I then spoke with someone from M-Life who connected me to the assistant of the real hotel manager, Mr. Hamlet. The assistant that I spoke with was named was Connie. Connie spoke with me over the phone and told me that everyone at the Bellagio is a VIP regardless because we are guests. I then invited Connie to listen to the conversation that I had with Jay. We began in the computer room for guests, and Connie said that regardless of what was said and what happened the costumer was always right. However, she told me that Jay had been honest about raising his voice towards me and being bothered by him being called a servant. Connie was somewhat defensive of Jay because she advised me that no one likes to be called a servant. Here is the link to the conversation with Jay https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxpynOBJzLg&feature=youtu.be
4	This hotel is wonderful! hands down, beautiful architecture, and a great water show! Everything is extremely clean, the location is amazing, as it is literally located near the center of the strip. At night time, they play the water show in front of the fountain. Although there is a set schedule for the showing, its never really gone off on time... Also, if youre exiting the hotel, dont bother to sit at the ramps and make sure you arnt leaning towards the guardrails!! There have been huge trails of ants which is insane (hopefully they fixed this issue). The staff overall was very professional, which is nothing less expected from a Five Star Five Diamond Resort.
1	We paid for extended check out at 3 pm but were surprised to be locked out of our room at 11:20 for an odd reason. It took security over an hour to come up and let us back into our rooms. There is absolutely no reason for a computer system to automatically check someone out when they were told by multiple people beforehand that the extended check out was in place.
3	The casino is beautiful, though the room we got was mediocre. Soap scum on the shower head, and bath tub faucet, cigarette burn on the bed sheets, and a suspicious stain was found on the bench at the end of the bed (gross). I stay at a lot of hotel chains for my job, and I would say I have stayed at nicer rooms through Best Western. This was my first trip to Vegas, and I would have never imagined that somewhere as prestigious as the Bellagio would have had this many problems. The manager was very agreeable however, and waived some of the charges, and also offered to set us up with something 'nicer' the next time we come. I give 3 stars for how well the manager handled my complaint, though I doubt that we will be coming back anytime soon.
2	We booked the Bellagio because we had been impressed with the garden area and general grounds on previous trips to Vegas.  Unfortunately, the room was not near the same level as the public areas. We stayed in room 25099, which has several issues:  the air conditioner does not work effectively, even when set at 60 degrees; there are two chips on the toilet seat; the caulking in the shower on the inset shelf was peeling off; the housekeeping did not come even though we did not have the privacy sign on our door; the furniture in general showed signs of wear; and the linens were low quality.  Also, I had noted on the reservation that it was my husband's birthday, and they didn't do anything special at all.  The pool was nothing special, which was surprising to me given the higher-end image Bellagio portrays.  The check-out process was lengthy, and I was unable to express checkout due to a linked reservation.  They should probably have more staff at peak checkout times, as there were a lot of people in very slow lines.  On the plus side, I forgot my razor, and the concierge sent us some disposables for me.  We will definitely not return to the Bellagio, as there are many other options on the strip.
5	amazing free  gym!
4	Had a three-night stay here with the GF to celebrate our six months together. Since watching "Ocean's Eleven" as a kid, I remember dreaming of staying at the Bellagio someday - in large part because I wanted to walk around and utter that cheesy Andy Garcia line - "In my hotels, there's always somebody watching" - to anybody that would listen.We got a really killer deal on our mid-August stay - thanks in part to the GF's discount through AAA. In comparison to other standard room rates that we had been scouting out (Wynn, Cosmo, etc.), the Bellagio offered the best bang-for-the-buck. Unfortunately, due to some awful traffic on the way into Vegas (go figure, it was a Friday), we didn't arrive at the Bellagio until around 9 PM. Surprisingly, the check-in desk was still completely slammed with people - but it's a ton of fun to people watch! The lady and I had a ton of fun seeing who could count more Rolexes and Cartier LOVE Bracelets among the crowd of folks trying to check-in.We were given a room on the fifth floor of the Spa Tower, on the non-fountain side. I'm not sure if the floor really matters when you're on the side of the hotel that isn't facing the Strip; perhaps this was a slight on the hotel's part (due possibly to how young my girlfriend and I look/are), but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.The room itself oozed sex appeal and a sense of contemporary edginess. Being that I never got the chance to stay at the Bellagio prior to its big renovation, I can't comment on how much of an upgrade this facelift provided. What I can say is that the room's beautiful indigo trim and wood furnishings gave off a very "new school Vegas" feel. The free wifi, - which was very reliable and lag-free - was also an excellent touch. The wall-mounted flat screen was surprisingly large for a standard room, and families will be happy to know that the setup accommodates video game systems. The real star of the show, of course, was the much-hyped Bellagio bed. While I won't delve into details, I'll point out that I had little trouble getting a good night's sleep on this fluffy cloud of a bed - no matter what state I was in!All this being said, there were little things about the room that detracted from these otherwise-perfect accommodations. The glass door to our shower didn't close all the way; its rubber hinge seemed to get caught in the marble doorframe. As a result, tiny puddles of water would start to accumulate outside the shower if we forgot to place on the ground. Also, it's a shame that standard Bellagio resort rooms are equipped with such spacious mini-fridges/freezers - yet these same fridges provide no extra space for guests' food/drinks (because they're filled to the brim with minibar items). Thus, this creates some problems if you're bringing home leftovers from a meal. It sorta felt as through the drive to make a profit seemed to supersede a potential opportunity to offer guests a welcome - and very practical - accommodation. I'm not sure if this is standard practice on the Strip, but I was nonetheless surprised.Between going out to Hakkasan within an hour of arriving in Vegas and making two visits to Marquee (Dayclub & Nightclub) the following day, my girlfriend and I knew that we'd need to stay somewhere where we could take a break from the action. Thankfully, Bellagio provided that welcome sense of cleanliness and serenity that we had been hoping for. In spite of the fact that the hotel's clientele was (on average) about a generation older than my GF and I, I seldom felt as though we were out of place at Bellagio. In fact, it was kind of refreshing being able to make our way back to the hotel after a long night of clubbing and have an empty Conservatory to drunkenly wander through. (^ I'd highly recommend giving that a try, by the way; a walk through a tourist-free Conservatory is breathtakingly serene, and a visit during peak hours does not compare in any way whatsoever.)Where the hotel really won me over was with the little customer service touches that made our stay so memorable. From chatting about my last trip "back home" with a fellow Filipino who delivered our bags to our hotel room, to being greeted with a big smile from the Newsstand (general store) clerk on the three separate times that we ventured into her shop to buy chasers, I never felt that "cooler-than-you" attitude that I sometimes encounter when indulging in the finer things. I appreciated the staff's down-to-earth attitude and consistent cheer. Hell, even from the guards manning the elevator lobby greeted us with a smile and a pleasant "good morning" towards the end of our trek back from Hakkasan.In spite of the fact that we stayed in a standard room, my girlfriend and I felt very much at home in the Bellagio. Once we finally manage to recover from the financial gut-punch of our past Vegas weekend, we'll set our sights on our next trip - and chances are likely that the Bellagio will be playing a major role!
1	Came here for family vacation, not my first time in Vegas.  First try at checking in they told me I can't check in since the room was in my dad's name.  I said my name was on it too, but was refused service.  I told her I had two confirmation numbers, one for my dad's room and one for mine and the one for me had my name, but she refused to look at my paper because she said "I could have printed it out anyhwere"  I got back in line and talked to someone else, and surprise they said I could check in, so the first woman was not only rude, but wrong.  Before leaving after our stay, they had some construction up, and hotel "security" workers trying to manage people for safety reasons. Hotel worker "Michael" calls my family "You people", singles us out to block our movement while other people are allowed to pass, then when my dad tries to move he shoves him in the chest.  We complain to the head of security at the Bellagio, and get a pretty shitty apology, and told there isn't much that can be done other than an internal review.  I don't think any hotel workers should be able to put hands on a customer and shove them.  Pretty much a terrible experience from start to finish.  Would not stay here again.
4	Though I prefer to stay at the casino-free Four Seasons down the strip, the Bellagio surprised me with its newly refurbished rooms and pretty darn good service. The fitness center is large enough for a hotel of this size, which is important at 6am when everyone and their mother wants to get a run in before their first meeting. Of course one of the big draws to the Bellagio is its exceptional location. Primo strip real estate. Also, I have to admit, listening/watching the fountain show from your room is pretty cool.
1	My husband and I along with his family were walking around after an awesome lunch at Noodle no. 9 and came back to the Bellagio to go hang out at the Bellagio Cafe for a little while before heading out to the airport to catch our flights back home. As we were walking through the lobby of the Bellagio, they were taking down their garden ornaments, and there was places that were cut off and two men who were security funneling and stopping traffic through roped off areas that people were walking in and out of.As we were walking through the tall man said to us "Do YOU PEOPLE not understand when a man tells you to stop that you have to stop?!" -- to which I didn't ever remember the other guy telling us we had to stop, and if he did it was an honest mistake as I was at the front of our group and I wasn't particularly feeling too well as I was a bit anemic at the time. He continued to be rude to us as I walked past and I told him that he "didn't have to be so rude" and we continued onward. The use of the phrase "you people" particularly bothered me because my husband and his mother are Korean, and his younger sister is half Korean, while her father (my husband's step-dad) is a white male.Just the way the guy said it to us, and REPEATED it over and over again as we kept walking, each time more loud and more rude didn't sit well with me. So I scuttled ahead to find a place where I could sit down, because I was so upset at just how rude that guy was. People make honest mistakes.. if we walked through and the other guy told us to stop which somehow all 5 of us seemed to have not heard, then we would have apologized, and that should have been the end of it. We were all so upset with how this guy treated us, that we decided to head back to the hotel lobby and just leave for the airport -- well to do so, we had to go back where that guy was.As we were approaching people were allowed to walk through the pathway and we were going with the flow of traffic. He then stopped us again, even though people on the other side were being let through (like traffic on a two-way road) -- which made absolutely no sense. It was pretty clear that he was singling us out because of the indecent before hand. My husband's father told the guy that the situation was ridiculous, and continued to walk forward as people were still being allowed to walk through on the left side of us. Once he did that the "security guard" (as he called himself) physically put his hands on Jason's father and pushed him. My husband's father then told him that his actions were uncalled for and was physical assault to which the guard responded by pushing my husband's father further back with his chest and getting up in his face repeating that he was a security gaurd, and he had the right to put his hands on him and kept telling us to "look at the badge" meaning his name tag with his name Michael on it and where he was from - San Bernardino, CA. My husband's mother was appalled and told him to get his hands off of her husband, and the guy touched me telling me to get back even though I never even moved from my original position, nor did I try to even start a confrontation.We had done nothing wrong. We were on a FAMILY vacation in Vegas. None of us have ever been involved in any crimes, nor were we being aggressive in any manor. It was uncalled for and made for a horrible ending to our vacation.We then waited to file a complaint with the head of security, in which we got an apology -- but he said the manor would be looked into. And the more we had talked to him, the more it seemed apparent that they probably had other incidents happen with Michael. Unfortunately we weren't able to file a formal complaint on paper with the hotel as we had to leave to catch our flights back home.Not only that, but in the beginning of our vacation, my husband and I went to check into our room with our confirmation email printed out (which had 2 confirm numbers for each room that his father had reserved) and the lady at the check out desk told us that we couldn't check in because it was only under my husband's father's name -- although we told her we had ANOTHER confirmation number, that also had my husband under another room's list and the woman was rude and said "I don't care, that's only a piece of paper. It doesn't mean anything." and when we went to another teller, they were more than nice to hear us out and we were able to get our room.Other than those two incidents, we had nice clean rooms and had a good time otherwise. However since the security incident happened the way it did, never again will we be staying with the Bellagio....
4	Visited from Aug 29 - Sept 2 and had a great time! The previous two times I've been to Vegas were for business and I stayed at the Mandalay and  Excalibur. The staff and employees were so nice and accommodating! The people who took my room service orders literally had me laughing out loud on the phone. One day I went back to my room for a quick break and the cleaning lady was there. We had a great conversation on the sites in and around Vegas while she was cleaning. I really can't think of a better place on the strip to stay.   The room was very clean. I had a great view. I didn't smell cigarettes. It's an easy walk to the rooms and you have to show your card to get to the hotel elevators. One thing I do want to mention is that it was really hard to get dinner after 7. The lines for every single restaurant in the building(s) were WAY too long. There is no such thing as a quick meal, unless you plan on room service.  Oh and wi-fi sucked. Bring your own, or wait until you get on the strip and use your cells data plan.
3	Casino is great but the security in maroon blazers are very rude, they just stand there mean looking and when you ask a simple question like where can I wait for security to bring back the ID I misplaced he rolled his eyes and said , and I quote " wait where they told you to wait " well ... That was the problem the security on the phone just asked what color shirt I was wearing, the lobby is pretty big and it was packed so I just needed to know an exact location no need for attitude by a security.
3	Its nice but a bit overblown in that it is not as great as its reputation may have you think.  Definitely well appointed but the lay out of the casino and the restaurants leaves a little to be desired.  Of the casinos in Las Vegas, it is not on my top 5 list.  Although, to stay there is nice and the restaurants are good.
5	Stayed 9/8, 9/9 for a conference.  Beautiful hotel.  Top notch.  King room was expansive, clean, and comfortable.  The Fiori di Como by glass sculptor Dale Chihuly is beautiful.  There's another Chiuly sculpture in the casino.  The fountain show is wonderful (f anything it is too short).  The shopping is cool, but expensive.  We learned about the monorail on our second day ... wish we had known about it earlier.  We wanted to visit the art gallery but ran out of time.The only concern is the air conditioning ... it IS Vegas, but the HVAC didn't make the room as cool as we wanted, but we weren't overly too hot.While here, visit Olives and Jean Philippe Patisserie.
4	I feel we were in one of the hotels in Atlantic City. It's very casino-hotel-feeling! Over-all, it was ok. We stayed for 2 nights.. played a little bit and went to the bar. Walked on the strip. It was fun. Had a great time! Hotel staff are courteous. Hotel is pricey... what would you expect a summer weekend nights?! Had fun though!
3	Overall decent experience. For a nice hotel, I do think it is lacking. The rooms are up to date but the bedding/mattress are lacking. Paid for and enjoyed a great fountain view so that was a plus. Bathroom was nice, nothing special, but the vanity faucets leaked when in the on position. Not sure I would return to stay, more likely to return to a newer more modern hotel like cosmopolitan (good experience and great view as well last year). Check in was a little hectic with no apparent organization in the lobby. If you want a great view of Vegas (if you pay for the right room) and decent accommodations, then you may like Bellagio.
1	Yes the hotel is nice and clean but this one star review is for how greedy they are.  You have to use a ice bucket to keep your drinks cold.  Yes they do have a fridge but it's completely full with there extremely overpriced drinks all on sensors.   You move it you get charged.  And the sign says it's for my convenience.   How is going down the long hall to get ice convenient to me?  Paying a couple hundred dollars a night you should be able to use part of the fridge.   Next time we are staying on Fremont Street.  Drinks and food is 1/4 the cost.
3	Excellent cirque du Soleil show. Very poor help. Jonathan our photographer told us to come back anytime for our photos (which cost $45) the following day. We arrived at 1pm the following day and staff told us they wouldn't be ready until he arrived at 5:30p. Unprofessional, especially for a hotel of this stature. Do your job correctly.
4	Bellagio is a really nice, quiet and calmed hotel. the dancing fountain is phenomenal. I think is very expensive to stay here but it is in the middle of the strip. This hotel is more older people so its more quiet and calm.If you like a little more hype Planet Hollywood is the hotel.
3	I don't go to Vegas frequently , just once every a few years.So when I go I like to stay in a nice hotel, because I do not gamble, I at least want to enjoy the hotel.I was just disappointed how old the room looked and felt old and kind of dirty.The good thing is that they are remodeling the hotel.
4	This is an absolutely gorgeous hotel. Every single detail is just wonderful. There's a lovely flower garden in the center of the lobby that changes every season. It is gorgeous for photos. I do with that they had an indoor pool or jacuzzi. I was a guest here during New Years and wasn't able to take a dip in the pool bc of the weather ... but then again, very few Vegas hotels have indoor pools. The service is impeccable; you will be treated like royalty. Eat at their restaurants and buffets; you won't be disappointed.
3	Beautiful Hotel, however they really rip you off with prices. If you have extra money to throw away, this is the place for you
2	Now in general I've spends multiple weekends at Bellagio and loved it which is why I've come back time and time again.  This last trip with my girlfriends left a bad taste in my mouth.  2 things.  When I packed up and went home, I realized that I had left a dress of mine hanging in the closet. I called Bellagio's lost and found.  I told them my room number, where i had left it and what it looked like down to the size. They told me nothing was left in the room and there was nothing in lost and found that resembled the dress. Disappointed, i left it at that. What can i do, I am more than positive that was the only place it could have been because it is no longer in my possession and I remember hanging it in the close next to the tv. Then I get a call from my friend who stayed in the same room as myself, she told me the following.  On checkout, we had sometime before our flight back to los angeles.  We then check our bags into the baggage deposit for a couple of hours. In my friends duffle along with her clothes and shoes was a small purse resembling an camera case.  When she arrived back home to unpack, the small purse was gone. The purse had a bit of money in it. My friend then called the Bellagio as well. She spoke to the Valet manager. They did not find it (not a surprise) and was told that it happens alot.  It happens ALOT?! That is not an acceptable answer. It should never happen esp when we stay at a 5 star hotel. That why we pay a higher rate because we believe it would be an honest establishment with out fear of theft to our belongings.So...pretty much I'm going to assume that my dress that i left hanging was taken(not put in lost and found) and my friend's purse that was hidden in her duffle was stolen purposely.  My friends and I are sorely disappointed and will probably stay at another casino resort for next get away.**Ive posted the same review in Tripadvisor
5	I have always walked around this hotel on each visit to Las Vegas - the corridors, shopping, etc are all great.  Everything is beautiful and well kept. The lobby and conservatory are a definite stop, especially during the holidays.On this past visit, I was able to attend a gathering at one of the penthouse suites, and I must say it's very nice!  The views of the strip and their fountain show are fabulous - you can even tune into the music from the suite to watch the show with it's full effects.  The suite comes with a living area, bar area and a bedroom.  Both the living area and the bedroom had the great view.  It will be fabulous to be able to stay in one of these suites in the future!
5	I love this place - I really do. Every time I come to Vegas, I have to make a stop at the Bellagio. Whether eating at Noodles, or the Buffet, or just walking around the grounds - it's always a great time!And of course, the fountain show never gets old!
5	Very well appointed hotel. They seemed to have missed nothing. I have stayed all over the strip and this is among the best. They truly manage to keep everything classy, including the gamblers. Rooms are simple and luxurious, but extremely comfortable.
4	I always park here when I have to walk on the strip and also check on the floral arrangements. I usually get parking on lower floors. Hotel is clean for the crown and the fountain is great. I have never stayed here as its beyond affordable for me.
4	The Bellagio is one of my favorite Vegas hotels!  It is in a great location on the Strip, beautiful flowers, amazing Chihuly glass, excellent restaurants and comfortable rooms.  The staff is beyond professional and my stay went off without a glitch.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! We have stayed there several times and I have no desire to stay anywhere else on the strip.  From the drive up it is impressive.  The Chihuly blown glass ceiling in the lobby is beautiful!!  We get a room facing the fountains every time and my wife will turn up the sound on the TV that is synched with the fountains and watch it every time if we are in the room!  I love the casino, the bars, the pools, the restaurants, the botanical garden, the spa and the fitness center!!  I have been in the others and it's just not the total package like the Bellagio.  If I want single deck black jack I can walk next door to Ceasars.  The Sports Book is the BEST as well.  They have the "O" theatre and the buffet is truly international and amazing!!  My favorite fine dining restaurant in Vegas is just through the Botanical Garden called Michael Mina and the best thing they have is the Lobster Pot Pie!!! Just wait for the presentation :) The Bellagio is all class and has my business for as long as it stays that way!!
3	Not a luxury experience.Booked one of the top suites. The VIP service was not courteous nor accommodating. Experience was not personalized to my needs. At no point do you feel pampered or catered to.Spa ethics are questionable, my mom was misled about the cost of a treatment and then forced to pay. This would never happen at a true luxury establishment.Casino is a zoo. Buffet is a joke (the food itself is not bad but generic) but long waiting lines even with the VIP pass diminish its appeal. The pool is mobbed.In short, this is a Wal Mart experience, not a luxury experience. If you smoke and like all you can eat buffets, you might enjoy it. In this case, get a regular room and it might be worth it.But if you want to be surrounded by people who are actually committed to serving you and are looking for a genuine luxury experience, try the Four Seasons Las Vegas.
1	I usually wouldn't do this, but the bellagio has plenty of reviews to offset this 1 star.  Hopefully it will still be considered with the utmost importance though!!  Dear Bellagio:  Fix your ventilation system.  I should not throw up because the smoke in the casino is that unbearable.  If every other casino on the strip can successfully remove the smoke, so can you!!
2	meh
1	What a disappointment of staying at #bellagio ! Thought this will be the most famous hotel in Vegas, it turns out to be the worst experience! The hotel room sucks and small, with the same price but lower, we got a way better room and view in #cosmopolation next door. Yet, the service is really really bad! We call and ask if we will have somewhere to microwave our food and can if we get folks and spoons, then I was being transferred from front desk to room service to dinning service, by the end we have been told that we need to pay for the folks and spoons! Last but not least, everything in the room is charged for money, no free water nothing is free expect the wifi, oh wait! We actually pay 28$ for wifi which is included in the resort fee! #theterribleexperienceever
1	Writing this review from our suite.  Stayed here two nights,1.  We had to wait 1 hour to get into our suite as it was not ready.2. I asked for a late checkout as my wife was not feeling well.  We were told "no, someone already rented your suite". 3. The mini bar has stuff missing when we got there.4. Room was not very clean.  5. Oh, I am writing this review from the suite, just before our checkout.STAY away from this place.  Not worth it,Plus staff has a shitty attitude.
4	Always nice! Large casino floor, spacious lobby, love the conservatory and the choroegraphed fountains!
1	This hotel has truly gone down hill. We checked in.. which was fine.. when we got to our room the door was already  unlocked. Come to find out the door doesnt need a key at all you can just open it because  it never locked. I actually got one of the housekeepers to see if this was suppose to happen or if there was some trick to keep it locked. She confirmed that it wasnt suppose  to do that... so called front desk to tell them we needed a new room and one that locked. It took them a good minute to fix the issue. It was a sunday night and  the lobby was dead so it wasnt like they were busy. When getting into our second room we had a half full drink in the refrigerator.. that made us feel like cleaning clearly doesnt happen. I understand that they're other people using the room before us.. but man can you make sure i dont have to clean their mess.. thats a little  nasty to me. I called the front desk again and they put the blame in the ventor people.  Hmmmmm so its there fault that you keep low cleaning standards. Such an inconvenience coming here and not having  the level of service you expect. I felt like i was staying at the holiday inn.
5	Fabulous from top to bottom!  Got in late and were upgraded to a fountain view suite!
5	Amazing! I've always wanted to stay at he Bellagio and it lived up to all my expectations. We booked a fountain view room and the view was amazing. Spacious, luxurious and the best view on the strip. Front desk staff was friendly although lines were long. Definitely recommend checking out online to avoid the lines. We ate at a few cafes and the service was great. My only complaint was we left our room about 11AM  to go down to the pool and when we came back at 3 our room still had not received service. There was a voice message stating we had to call to get our room maid up, a little annoying but if that's my only complaint then not too bad. Would most definitely stay here again!
5	for my bday the bf wanted to surprise me with a trip to VEGAS!!! We stayed here for 2nights/3days.  We had THE best view of the fountains! Room 26-085! talk abt ballerrr!!! I can watch the watershows ALL day!!! My review is basically the same except this time, a different room makes a difference! You MUST get the fountain view room, its well worth it! I really love the new Tiesto water work show! Ivan, the bellman, u my friend are the greatest! So friendly and helpful!
5	Great place to stay. Truly a five star resort. Swimming pool is pretty nice, if I had to find a down side it would be that. Otherwise the place is top place in Vegas.
4	There's been plenty of reviews about this place so I'll make it brief:What I like:- It's the fucking Bellagio.  While that probably meant more 10 years ago, it's still a great casino to stay/visit.- Rooms are nice and pretty comfortable.- The location is excellent - right in the middle of the strip.- The restaurant options are solid.  I actually liked the Le Cirque here better than in NYC (better service IMO).- Buffet is good.  While it's not the best in town anymore, it's still pretty decent.- Beautiful garden and lobby area.What I don't like:- As expected the table games cost more here.- Love the luxury stores but wished they had more mid-tier shopping options- Traffic in this area sucks ass.  Here's where the prime location can also suck.Generally speaking you can't go wrong staying here.  But if you're not a high roller or in the mood to spend a ton to eat all the time, you may want to gamble/dine at one of the many casinos nearby.
5	Loved this place!! My husband and I stayed at the Bellagio while friends and family chose more trendy upscale hotels (ehem Vdara).  We had such a pleasant stay! The room was gorgeous and most important of all CLEAN! The housekeepers did an excellent job with the room.  The only problem we encountered was with the bell hop desk, the lady there was a bit rude but when I snapped back her attitude changed.  They brought up toothbrushes I had requested and some surprise chocolates (that made my day!!).  At the end of our trip our friends shared the horror stories they had at other hotels, that were equally if not more expensive.  My husband and I had not one complaint.  I recommend this hotel, especially since I am extremely picky when it comes to my hotel rooms.
5	We stop by each time we visit to look at the garden inside and to watch the fountains.  This year my mother in law was having difficulty walking.  The folks at the front desk let us borrow a wheelchair for free for an hour or so.  This is much more than we were allowed at some of the other big hotels.  Seeing their displays was much nicer when we didn't have to worry about a family member being run into by other tourists.
5	Freaking amazing.... gorgeous hotel. Went to Hyde and danced all night long.. ate late night at the cafe. We felt like tourists. ..best night out in a very long time!!!
1	Initial note: I've been here just a couple of days of my 6 day stay, so I will update my review (good or bad) at the end of the stay.Review:The Bellagio is a place I want so hard to like because it is absolutely gorgeous. I've been to Vegas a couple of times, but both times, I've stayed on Caesar's, which has been more than excellent. My issue with the Bellagio began with the bellman. I was asked three times when I was wheeling my luggage into the hotel (all one bag) if they could grab it. I politely told them 'No thank you.' They all responded by making a snide sound or rolling their eyes or throwing their hands in the air. Totally unprofessional. The next issue was the most major, because it reinforced the idea of the Bellagio that I got upon my arrival - that the employees are snobs. I played Craps countless times, and the dealers were just flat out rude, especially when I would have bets taken down and cashed out (I would imagine because I was up). This happened on three different occasions with 3-4 different employees. One was a higher up with a tie, overseeing a chip deposit to our table. My next issue was the room itself. The temperature would not adjust. The room is a smokehouse, and while the temperature reads 65, there is no way it is above 73.Next was the food. Every place I ate at (that was a quick grab -  not a restaurant) was twenty minutes to fill an order. It shouldn't take that long to make a pastrami on rye sandwich! This occurs multiple times.Having had very positive experience at Caesar's, I don't know if I'll ever return to the Bellagio, and that just isn't to stay, I will no longer gamble there either (for the rest of my trip, I'll be gambling at Caesar's or somewhere else). I hope that someone reads this because the Bellagio is such a beautiful hotel. Everything is set up to be perfect. Some of the employees aren't executing it like they should be and it's ruining the experience.
2	I had such high expectations of the Bellagio that the overall experience was somewhat disappointing. My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights. It's the first time we've stayed here and will be the last time.  There were some definite pros to the hotel but the cons just outweighed them. Let's start with the pros: the hotel itself is beautiful, the water show throughout the day was great, the valet service was very fast each time we dropped off and picked up our vehicle, the elevators were also fast, no wait at all to get on, the bathroom was a great size (enough for both of us to get ready at the same time). Now on to the cons: we stayed in a nonsmoking room yet our floor still wreaked of smoke, the room left much to be desired (for what we paid we assumed the room would be grander than it was) but the worst part and the reason I won't be back is because of the bed. It was the most uncomfortable bed I've ever slept in. Hard as a rock, the floor might have been softer. I woke up every morning with my body in pain (and I'm in my 30s). If your not interested in a good nights sleep after a day of having fun than this is the place for you!
1	Old tired room. Noisy drain. Spring on door that is supposed to automatically close the door doesn't work, iron so calcified that I had to have it replaced, smells like air freshener, hilton garden in feels better.Will pick a different hotel next time
5	We stayed here on our last trip to Vegas.It is simply THE PLACE to stay on the Strip while visiting Vegas!!Situated conveniently in the middle of the Strip, it enables you to stay in the lap of luxury while being close to all that Vegas has to offer.It definitely isn't cheap but totally value for money.Don't miss the lavish lunch buffet, and definitely you can't afford to miss the world-famous Bellagio fountains! :)
5	Rooms were very nice & the hotels location is the best in Vegas!  Tons of great restaurants & the gaming is also fun!
5	LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!  This is one of my top 2 high class fav casinos in Vegas!  It's beautiful, classical and the fountains are amazing!!  It truly is a joy to walk through!  The gaming floor is great, the waitresses quick and plenty and honestly I've never had a bad experience here that I can think of!  I love the glass sculptures and there are plenty of shops to check out!  This casino is a grand centerpiece to the Vegas strip in my mind!
5	Stayed at Bellagio last week for business.  Overall comments are similar to other reviews:  great location, good dining options, great pool.  We had a fountain view room that let us see the water show with the Eiffel Tower in the background - beautiful.  The only downside was a strange high-pitched noise that would arise suddenly for a few minutes and then disappear.  We guessed it was one of our neighbors using the shower, but -- fortunately -- it only happened during the day and not while we were sleeping.I was going to give only 4 stars because of the noise, but something happened that pushed them over the edge.  Upon arriving home, my wife realized she forgot to check one drawer - the one with her jewelry and a few expensive items of clothing.  I called immediately, spoke with the lost and found department (clearly we weren't the only ones that had forgotten something) and was pleased to find that not only had they recovered all of the items, they overnighted everything to us (free of charge) the next business day.  The housekeeping staff we encountered and all very friendly, but being 2.000 miles away we had little hope that we'd ever see the items again.  The integrity and friendliness of their staff in helping us through this issue (which was clearly our error) was enough to earn them 5 stars - and our future loyalty the next time we head to Vegas!
4	This hotel is very nice and have most of the brand name shops which makes convenience for the guests.  We had tried a few restaurants in the Bellagio and they all are very good, but expensive.  As for the Casino, my husband and I like it here than the Venetian.  I didn't give Bellagio a 5 stars is bc we didn't think the room is all that nice.  We used to stay at the Venetian, but this time we wanted something different.  The services here are excellent.
5	This place is TOP NOTCH! Their garden is always changing each time I come here. Their fountains are known around the world. Their buffet is probably the best I've ever eaten at! I give this place a solid FIVE STARS! Everyone who goes here is classy and HOT! Even if you do not gamble or stay in their rooms, it's worth it to just GO IN and see what it's got to offer! You'll be taking plenty of pictures, I guarantee you that! I totally love their fountain shows which go off everyday! Each time I put my money into their slot machines, I might as well say good bye to it because I've never won anything back here.. lol! But this place is definitely worth a visit!
1	WORST SERVICE I EVER HAD!!! We booked this hotel for my birthday. It was pretty expensive so we believed we would have gotten great service for the amount of money we paid for the room. The room was nice but we asked for a room with 2 beds (there were 4 of us and only one bed) when i requested the change the person helping us was snoobish, rude and sighing.  When we requested help with our bags 4 or 5 times NO ONE helped us. They actually ignored us and started helping couples behind us. When we requested  something to help us stack our luggage so we could carry it ourselves we then again IGNORED. When we finally got our luggage downstairs the bell man made a derogatory remark about mexicans walking their luggage down (refering to us) to another staff member. While playing in the casino there was barely any servers and it took almost 45 minutes to get drinks that we ordered.It was definitely a beautiful hotel but all staff was absolutely rude. It wasnt worth the money. Hopefully you read this before you stay, I am definitely picking a different hotel next time.
3	Stayed in room 21641; the elevator took forever to take us up to that level but that's expected of hotels in Vegas. The decor was nice and clean. The view was boring....nothing too spectacular. The worst part of it all was when we were trying to sleep could hear the toilet flushing upstairs that grossed me out and prevented me from sleeping.Room service was good. Called for breakfast at 5 am and got it in 20 min. It cost  around $35 for a latte and a plate of eggs, potatoes, Ham and a tomato. It was pretty good and made me super full. I loved room service the food was better than the buffets all over Vegas. I enjoyed my visit but don't know if I'll come back...
4	We have stayed at the Bellagio a number of times in the last 5 years.  It has been a 5 star venue for us because of their excellent customer service, luxurious appointments, great location and amenities, etc.But things seem to be going downhill.  I blame it on wear and tear, not just of their rooms and facilities, but in the casino, and most regrettably with customer service.Bellagio remains a high-end hotel.  Shops are expensive as are the eateries.  I am not a whale, my wife and I are not extravagant in our dress (she does like her shoes and purses, though), but we have usually been treated with respect and there has always been that extra effort to accommodate our needs.During our last two stays?  Not so much.  It's intangible..... a look you get, hesitation before a response, a smile that doesn't seem right......I don't think it's my imagination, or is it....no.....maybe......Last year, someone got into our room.  We didn't have anything taken, but a box of candy was half eaten and a bottle of water was gone.  We reported it and were not charged, but hmmm.....who has access to our room (I know I locked up), an employee?When I play the slots, I'm always collecting change as I cash out my tickets.  We were killing time before we were to leave for the airport and I had acquired a pocketful of change. I went to the cashier cage and asked if she could take my change because I had a plane to catch.  She practically laughed in my face.  I was tempted to do something rash, but we needed to get out of Dodge and I let it slide.  If I had reviewed the place then, it would have gotten one reluctant star from me..This last time, we were comped 3 nights and we gave the Bellagio one more try.  It was a much better stay.  Check-in wasn't so stressful.  Maid service was good, and they now have a change counting machine in the casino.The Bellagio is still a great hotel, but iit's lost some if its sheen.  Definitely not what it was 5 years ago.  T
3	Maybe Bellagio was something back in the day but it just seems tired now. Starting to notice numerous coats of paint on door and window frames and that just looks shabby. The Fountains? Yep they're amazing. The museum of fine art? Can't say because it was closed for a month for installations. Food choices are ok. Some coworkers here for a convention with me mentioned their carpet floors weren't clean, with one having a toothpick and a breath mint in plain sight on the floor upon check-in.I had a good time at the table games but dealers seemed not too happy... maybe that's an MGM corporate thing but who knows. The energy here just left me feeling kinda blah. Oh don't complete your check-out on the tv until you are actually ready to leave the property because your keys immediately deactivate.
3	Restaurants don't provide many gluten free or veggie options. Elevator nazis are rude. Wifi in rooms is incredibly slow. This place is stuck in 1998
4	Most of the hotels/casinos in Vegas are basically the same if you're just looking for a place to crash after a night of partying/gambling. However, if you're looking for good service and good food, then you'll have to fork out a bit more. Bellagio is one of the best hotels on the strip because 1. it is right in the middle of the strip, 2. it's got a beautiful water fountain show. For some reason, no one is immune to the magnificent display. 3. Plenty of 5 diamond restaurants, and 4. The Forum shop is right across the walkway at Caesars Palace. Well, that's all I really care about, food and shopping. It's a beautiful hotel with fantastic views. On the downside, if you don't get a fountain view room, don't bother staying here. Too much foot traffic, very crowded, and not kid friendly. we only stayed here because our little ones love water fountains, waterfalls, and anything water related. We stayed here last xmas and they were out of suites with the fountain view so we booked 2 rooms. unfortunately, the rooms were not connected which is my only complaint, but at least we got our fountain view. Pretty much stayed in our rooms the whole time. tried to eat at the buffet and one of the upscale restaurant twice, but it was too smoky for our little ones so opted for room service instead. They really do live up to their 5 diamond standard when it comes to food.
1	Worst service on the strip! This is one of the priciest hotels on the strip and it was my first time in Vegas so I wanted to getThe best experience. First the checking in person gave me the rudest and snobbiest attitude and some how charged my card 3x for 500 dollars. The. I get to the room there are dead bugs on the floor and curtain. I called to speak with a manager nothing was done. Thought the whole stay the staff kept ignoring out request like if we didn't exist. I called the manager to tell them they had charged me 3x all he said was they would put the money back in 10 days. We didn't enjoy our first time in Vegas and it was all mainly because of the bellagio. Don't be fooled by the name. And to top it all off we reserved a table with bottle service at the bank night club and they wanted to force us to buy 2 bottles of sky vodka for 1,500 dollars. We only wanted to buy one so they kicked us out of the club with security. PLEASE IF U WANT GREAT SeRViCE DO NoT STAY AT THE BELLAGIO. HoRRIBLE EXPERIENCE.
1	My review is based on a group reservation for over 26 people that were sent here in October to attend a conference. Their group sales department is slow to respond at times, has a hug lag time to update the rooming list if check-in/check-out dates are adjusted, and they lack of follow through is horrible i.e. to ask for the proper credit card authorization forms from their customers is a step completely missed in my process. They do not seem to truly care about you as a customer and we spent approximately 20,000 within 2 nights and 3 days between 26 people (company-wide, we were 58 in attendance). The only way I would ever book a group event here again is if the conference was here. I would much rather be at one of the newer venues or at the convention center. Additionally, I gave them plenty of time for follow up as everyone makes mistakes or gets busy but they just didn't care about the mistakes that happened with our group reservations.  Additionally, this review is not based on their rooms or facilities - it is merely based on my experience with their group sales department  and on that note alone, I would not personally visit this casino or resort again, and will avoid them for group travel as much as possible --- only if I absolutely have to book people here in other words.
5	We stayed in a premier fountain view room. It was directly overlooking the fountains on the 28th floor. The view was perfect and the tv played the fountain music every time it came on. I really can not explain how great this view was. The room itself was nice, nicer than caesars for sure. One complaint is that there are no plugs anywhere near the desk... I mean really? Anyways, it's a nice/fancy hotel and these rooms had a great view.
1	Don't stay here!  Disgusting rooms for a lot of money!  My husband and I recently stayed here for his 35th birthday for one night.  Since it was a special occasion, we decided to splurge on the room (nearly $350 for a king, fountain view room - that's with the M Life discount).  We live in AZ and typically visit Vegas 4 times per year, so this was not our first time here.  Our first room was 16070.  Upon walking in, the room reeked of mildew.  It smelled like the carpet had been flooded for weeks and then dried off and put back to use.  We called the front desk and they moved us very quickly to a different room just down the hall (16048).  This room did not smell....or so we thought.  After being out and about and returning to our room after midnight, we just wanted a good night's rest.  We climbed into bed and realized that the sheets and bedding all reeked of mildew as well!!!  DISGUSTING!!!  Seeing as it was so late and we were exhausted, we did not want to call housekeeping and wait for them to strip our seats or have to pack up and move rooms once again.  So, we both slept uncomfortably fully clothed.  Isn't the purpose of a hotel to provide a comfortable night's stay?Also, if you choose to stay in a fountain room, they do not tell you that you will hear the music from Drai's day and night club across the street at the Cromwell all day and all night long (until 4am).  It would have been nice for someone just to inform us of this and give us a chance upon check-in to switch rooms.  I called guest relations to complain about my stay.  What did they offer me?  An upgrade to a junior suite for 2 nights if I came back and paid to stay in a standard room.  This is just ridiculous.  I would never return to the Bellagio for $350 per night ever again.  I was never offered any type of discount or compensation for my horrible experience.  This hotel is supposed to be a 5 star hotel.  Clearly, neither it's standards nor customer service are 5 stars.  Save your money and stay somewhere else where they value your loyalty and money.
5	I've never stayed in the hotel as a guest, but always frequent it when in Vegas for the table games, shops, and the O Theater! It's a great show and I would highly recommend seeing it, even though it's one of the pricier ones. It's also one of the classier casinos so it's more enjoyable to play games here than at some of the neighboring resorts.
5	The Bellagio is exactly what everyone says it is. It's beautiful. It's classy! The conservatory is a must see! I will say that I had more fun with the girl friends when we stayed at Planet Hollywood because the crowd there is much younger and stayed up much later. The crowd at the Bellagio was a little more serious and it got quiet around 2 am. I should also factor in that we stayed here during the week, not a weekend. But the overall experience was exactly what was expected and I wouldn't change anything. I definitely recommend staying here. Be prepared that the lines to check in are very long, though (as they are at all popular casinos). It seems to be a little bit smokier here, too. Also, they "upgraded" us to a newly renovated suite, yet it wasn't exactly anything more spectacular than the regular room. It was the same, but probably with a newer flatscreen TV, and that's all.
5	Gorgeous setting. The seasons really show in decor. Feels like being in another country sometimes it's so fairy tale like.
5	This is by far my favorite place on the strip. The energy at the Bellagio is radiant and I always feel happy and relaxed whenever I'm spending time here. The casino is huge and there are a nice variety of games. It's also very clean and well kept.   My favorite thing is the interior design with this hotel. There's a indoor botanical garden that is absolutely magnificent and they change it every season. There's also floral blown glass on the lobby ceiling. It's breathtaking. Outside they have a huge water design with fountains and lights. Every night they do a water show where there's music, fountains shooting up and lights to go along with the show. LOVE this place. It's gorgeous. :)
4	When the Bellagio first opened in 1998, it was the grandest of the grand hotels on The Strip.  Their attention to detail was stunning, and there were so many unique aspects of it that still remain today: the conservatory, the ceiling art at the reception desk, the art gallery, the fountains, their approach to dining, etc.  Sadly, time has caught up with the Bellagio a bit, and it has lost some of its luster.  As other reviewers have noted, you might see cracks in the facade, tears in the carpet, or have the occasional bad service experience.  It's like going back to Disney World as an adult, where the magic you may remember from years ago just isn't the same now.  With that said, pound for pound, the Bellagio still offers the most things for the most people.  It has great pools, gambling (though note that table minimums are slightly higher than most places on The Strip), shopping, shows, gelato!, and more non-gambling activities than most.  It has the perfect location, where it's in the middle of everything.  If you're coming with a diverse group of people (maybe a family gathering with lots of age groups?) who will meet for dinner but otherwise have completely separate vacation experiences, the Bellagio is probably perfect for you.  It saddens me a bit to only give the Bellagio 4 stars... it's kind of the #2 resort on every category though.  The newer hotels have a narrower focus than the Bellagio, so they can win on dining or shopping or pool or gambling or scent or room quality etc.  They're all "OR"s though, as newer places have probably learned from the Bellagio just how hard and expensive it is to try to be #1 at everything.
5	Excellent experience. Sharon upgraded my already upgraded room.  Next thing I knew, doorbell rings and walks in a server with a bottle of wine.  Also received a 100 dollar certificate to spend on anything I want along with $120 in breakfast certificate.  All this is thanks to American Express card.
5	We stayed here for almost a week for a work event and it's amazing! One of the best infrastructure in Vegas. You can't miss the water show when you're in vegas, it's a must! We ordered bfast in bed and it was awesome, really yummy! Fast service. Only thing is We didn't have a lock in our bathroom, I feel like a housekeeper will come in while I'm taking a shower in the morning lol. Other than that everything else is excellent. Will definitely be staying here again.
5	First time staying at the Bellagio.  Booked a standard room and threw $20 in for the girl at check out and got a fountain view room.  Overall the room was fantastic.  You cant beat the location either.  One thing though, $12.50 for a rum and coke???  It is vegas so i guess you can suck it up.......great experience.  The Bellagio is my go to hotel on the strip from here on out.
5	If you want to stay at the most luxurious place on The Strip, Bellagio is your place. It's beautiful, classy, and it has a lot of fun nightlife/restaurant options!Check out Lily Bar & Lounge for a classy, relaxed night or The Bank Nightclub or a fun night out clubbing.
4	The Belligio is beautiful and luxury for the best!The water fountain show is beautiful and the inside of the casino is just as breathtaking!
5	What a wonderful, amazing wedding experience!!!  We would do it all over again in a heartbeat!  Araceli Munoz was our wedding coordinator and she did such a great job!  She exceed our expectations!  I live out of town and so all communication was done via email.  I sent over pictures after pictures of what I wanted for my bouquet, bridesmaids, groomsmen, cakes, etc and everything was done perfectly!  Could have not asked for a better place to get married.  The fountain upgrade was worth it completely!  It was the best day of our life so far and everyone just did a fabulous job!
5	Fans of Jaime McGuire's Beautiful Disaster novel have to stop here! Take in the ceiling and enjoy yourself like Travis and Pigeon.
5	In my eyes this is by far the best hotel and casino on the Vegas strip. From the free parking to the slots, this hotel has everything you need and more. We spent a ton of time just watching the fountain shows, cruise through their lobby, and exploring the casino.We didn't have the pleasure of staying at the hotel, but we have already talked about traveling back to Vegas and staying in this hotel. Kudos to the staff here especially whom ever designed the fall exhibit in the lobby courtyard.
2	I'm disappointed in the housekeeping quality.  We booked a fountain view room, nice view, but bed sheet was not clean.  I asked housekeeping to replace the sheet, but after 20 minutes and 2 calls they finically found someone to give me new sheet.  I didn't expect to change bed sheet at a 5 five star hotel.
4	The Bellagio is just an absolutely gorgeous and well-kept hotel and casino. If you have $$$$$, you will love it. For the rest of us, it's a nice place to walk through. The rooms are great. The gaming options are great. The restaurants are awesome. The spa is awesome. But again, all for a big, giant price tag. But if you can splurge, this is a fabulous place to do that. But either way, a beautiful property to walk through and check out. From the fountains to the rotating garden area to the Chihuly sculptures, it's quite pretty.
2	I had been looking forward to staying at The Bellagio Hotel for over 10 years, I once thought it out of reach. I still hold it in high regard and think it is one of the best hotels on the Strip. But after having stayed there for a weekend, the romance has worn off, it's just another hotel, and I doubt I will ever stay here again.I wanted a transformative experience, impeccable service, and memorable experiences that confirmed what I had always believed The Bellagio to represent.But alas, I came away with more than a couple of sub-par experiences.Throughout our entire stay, this hotel was super busy. At any hour. The minute we got out of our elevator, there were hoards of people, of course it was worse at night. If you want a little space wandering your hotel, this is not the place to stay.I had two nights booked, separately so I called ahead to make sure the reservations could be combined and we wouldn't need to change rooms. But we showed up and still had to have the reservations combined into one stay. And even that didn't stick. The next day we were locked out of our room mid-day because the keys for the first reservation stopped working. A 10 minute wait and security let us into our room. A call to the front desk brought a promise of new keys, delivered within 30 minutes. An hour later, no keys. Another call and the front desk said, "you'd better come down to get them". Worse, the front desk clerk giggled at me when I told her I'd had to wait an hour for naught. No apology. Not a big deal, right? Keys can be a problem, no? I agree, it's how it was handled.Our room was nice, but not spectacular. The room we paid for could have been on any floor between 9 and 28. We were on floor 11. That was disappointing. The front desk clerk should have listened when I told him I had wanted to stay here for many many years, he could have provided us the best possible experience, but no, he didn't. The room was well done, nothing out of place (apart from a bag of mini bar snacks left opened). The bathroom was the best part, large with a nice-sized glass shower. I was also disappointed that our view of the fountains could only be taken in when we huddled by the window; I'd wanted to sit in bed and watch the show!We spent some time by the pool. It was early November and not that warm, but we weren't the only ones there. Service was non-existent! Others were served but no staff ever came to ask for our order.We faced the Fountains (Fountain Deluxe Room) and one terribly surprising aspect of our room was noise! Between midnight and 4 AM both nights during our stay, noise from the club in the hotel woke me up. Thump thump thump for a few hours. Another surprise was noise in the hallway. Both nights there were very loud groups of people hanging out in the hallway for more than a few minutes. I probably should have called the front desk. It was just surprising for a hotel of this quality that there was so much noise coming from outside (the nightclub was directly below our room) and inside (the hallway).Our housekeeper was the same person over three days. She was very kind and gracious. We sought her out when we left to thank her for her service.Perhaps when one day money becomes no object, I will return to The Bellagio. But for the immediate future, there are many nice hotels along the Strip that will provide just as comfortable accommodations for a much fairer price. I'd really hoped, spending such a considerable sum, that we would have been treated as special, valued guests, but we weren't, we were just a couple of other guests in a huge hotel on a busy weekend.
5	That place is cool! always play there whenever i go to Vegas!
4	Really can't complain about this hotel. It is by far the best hotel on the strip for the price you pay. The staff are friendly and the casino is nice (although a little pricey). I wouldn't recommend the breakfast buffet as it is too expensive if you can only eat a small portion in the morning like myself. Try to get a room with a fountain view it's worth the upgrade. I went to the spa 3 times during my stay and it is by far one of the nicest spas I've been too, note each visit is 30 bucks.  I Will continue to come to Vegas and will continue to stay at the Bellagio!
4	Nice hotel, and nice rooms, but we asked for a fountain view and we got instead a pool view but really nice and good service
4	Quick Tips:1. The fountain shows are approximately 15 minutes apart and run even into the night.2. You can find comps and room deals both on smartervegas.com and through the MyVegas facebook/iphone app.3. There are quite a few famous restaurants in Bellagio and among them in Sensi, check them out near the Bellagio garden exhibits.4. Bellagio boasts the largest chocolate fountain in the world at their installment of Jean Phillipe Patisserie.5. They are the last stop on a short tram between the Monte Carlo, Aria, Vdara, and Bellagio with an entrance a little past the gift shop area towards the conference room area.Bellagio is an iconic hotel. Featured in so many TV shows to movies (remember Ocean's!?) and has been around for quite some time. The hotel is loved by many because of the beautiful fountains that go on a water show every few minutes to the fact that they are a 5 star luxury hotel.The hotel campus boasts some of the best views on the strip. They are located almost in the middle of the action across from the equally beautiful, but dated Paris Las Vegas and next to the Cosmopolitan and Aria. There are many things to do besides gambling when staying at the Bellagio. Their pool is rather famous for its collection of fun fountains to swim under to the more refined atmosphere of other pool goers. I also can't stop raving about their exhibits that they change up every few months. We are about to visit for Christmas and can't wait to see how they've transformed the Bellagio gardens area. Besides the gardens and the pool, Bellagio is sandwiched between two high end shopping areas. The Crystals shopping center is reachable by a short tram ride and the Bellagio is connected to its own series of shops.One of the main attractions of Bellagio is heading to "O" the highly acclaimed cirque du soleil show. I've personally never been to the show due to its price, but it comes highly recommended from friends who have been wowed by the experience.And, of course, I can't forget to mention their own wonderful places to have food. From Jean Phillipe Patisserie which boasts the largest chocolate fountain in the United States and the best cheap eats such as pressed chicken basil paninis, to the more upscale Sensi restaurant, these are all awesome places to check out. Their buffet needs a little updating, but it's still a good stop for those who want to try it.Now, why after this pretty much gushing review does Bellagio only deserve 4 stars? Well, the rooms are still pretty dated and a little less advanced then the newer Aria Las Vegas. I think that the price point for the Bellagio is a bit too high. They probably estimate the value of their rooms based on the fact that it is one of the most iconic landmarks on the strip.Still, I prefer the rooms over at the Aria. Good luck to those staying at this awesome place though, I hope you all have a wonderful time!
4	Location is decent, within a 10 minute walk from Times Square. The hotel has a lot of charm, but the air conditioning couldn't cope with the heat wave. There was construction on our floor, but the contractors were considerate and there was always hotel staff there keeping an eye on progress and guests. The quad room was surprisingly large for NV . Didn't get a chance to try the bar or restaurant, but doormen were friendly and helpful
5	Stayed for a few nights. Initially they had me booked for different rooms each night but that was resolved for us. Can't say the same for others in our party  and so there was a little annoyance of when they had to call the hotel operators to send up new room cards. The ambience was good and the fountain shows attracted the crowds. At the casino, didn't have to wait long to be asked if I wanted anything to drink which was pretty nice compared to when I was over at Aria for a few hours. Not sure if this was intentional or not but I enjoyed all the cocktails I had.
2	I had a pretty poor experience here.  Me and two friends came to Vegas to run in the Rock and roll marathon. - everything seems nice . The rooms were pretty small and a little dated but had very nice bathrooms and showers/tubs.  For the money though I don't think the room was worth it. But the night we got there (the night before the race) we went to bed early so that we could be well rested for the marathon. The alarm clock woke us up at 3am (mind you, we never touched the alarm clock - this was never turned off from before we got there). Being half asleep we just unplugged the thing.  10 minutes later it went off again.  We just started hitting buttons. Ten minutes later, once again it woke us up.  So I took it and put it in the hall way and tried to go back asleep so my marathon that we have all been training for was not ruined from lack of sleep,  the next morning we told the front desk but they didn't coven apologize.Right before the race. I bought a salad and took it up to my room I noticed I did not have a fork. So I called front desk. Who then transferred me to room service who then transferred me back to front desk. They all acted as if asking for a fork was an odd request. I stayed on hold with the front desk for ten minutes then finally he said they would have someone bring it up. An hour later I finally got my fork.  When I was checking out they said that I owed 12 dollars. I asked for what and they said room service. I told them I did not order room service and had them look it up - it was for the fork. So I filed an investigation and said I would not pay the 12 dollars because that is absolutely crazy to me. Especially islet since they never said I would be charged.
4	The service, decor and attention to detail here is amazing as you would expect from the FAMOUS Bellagio. They treat you like royalty, always check your key before you enter the elevator area and all staff is saying HI at all times. The casino floor is great, the lobby is great an the place is well worth the visit and stay. So why only 4 stars? This place is  a true tourist trap which them impedes on other services you may be in need of like getting a taxi. Expect at least a 20 minute wait in their taxi line and if you want too walk down to the strip, expect to fight the crowds that line up to watch the water show. They do have a back way to walk down, but that takes a bit of searching to get it done. This is the only drawback, as everything else was good.
4	This is probably my favorite hotel, and I also do very well here at the slots.  The down side is its owned by MGM and I am more loyal to the Caesar's Entertainment group.  I have stayed here a few times, usually as a wedding guest.  The Bellagio does a top notch job on weddings, and their prime rib is probably one of the best on the Strip.  I think it was probably the best wedding reception I've been to in all time.As a guest, the rooms are spacious, and classy.  Their check in process is pretty fast, which says a lot considering the volume of guests they have.The down side is EVERYONE wants to visit this casino, so there's wall to wall people miling around, gawking at the lobby, the holiday decorations and of course, the water show (which runs every 1/2 hour until 8:00 pm, then every 15 minutes).Overall a great hotel/ casino.
5	My wife was coming up and she has always wanted to stay at the Bellagio. I decided to surprise her with a premier fountain view from the penthouse suite. Well worth the smile on my wife's face! The service is top notch. We were picked up by limo at the airport. Our driver was awesome and very friendly. At the hotel everything was taken care of, we didn't need to lug our luggage around and checked in at the VIP lounge. The room was HUGE, the views were amazing. I can't express to you how comfortable the bed was. There were 2.5 bathrooms. The shower was a steam shower which was awesome. Everyone was extremely helpful. If you get the penthouse you don't have to wait in line for the buffet which saved us about 45 mins.
5	My husband and I hotel hop for this birthday bash. So that weekend we decided to stay at three different hotels and one of which was Bellagio. This place is really nice and we came back again for the summer. It gets really crowded sometimes but it's all worth it because they have everything here. Love their buffet for dinner and the Cafe for brunch. My family are always here for the buffet and brunch whenever we are in the city. Can't miss it.
4	The Bellagio was absolutely gorgeous!  It's completely immaculate despite the fact that some of it is under construction.  Our room was really nice--upscale, clean and big.  The service we encountered was top notch and I honestly can't think of one thing that could've been better (other than the construction walls up in the lobby).  Bellagio, you are a beautiful property and I can't wait to go back.  See you soon.
4	Beautiful Winter Wonderland. The Bellagio never underwhelms with they're Christmas decorating. It's always a must see when visiting Las Vegas. Cute polar bears made of flowers with frolicking penguins in a cute snow scene. Gigantic tree twinkling lights, with a train circling around and bright colored ornaments hanging from the ceiling. Lots of photo opportunities here.  Very festive and cheery. A nice break from gambling and rambling. Nice to visit and admire all the lights and Christmas decorations throughout the hotel.
1	I used to be a huge fan of the Bellagio. In my opinion, it was one of the premiere properties in Vegas. Key word: WAS. I wanted to get an upgraded room for a recent business trip to Vegas in early October. I was attending a lecture series at the Bellagio and I booked a fountain view room for 4 nights. Check in was fast. The art installation in the lobby was new and I couldn't wait to check it out. It is one of my favorite reasons for visiting the property. I was really getting excited about my stay. It wasn't until that evening that things started going downhill. I'm not sure if it is the Bellagio's club or one across the street, but the bass from the sound system kept us awake until 4am. I called the front desk to ask them if they were aware that the bass was so loud, it rattled our windows. I don't remember if they apologized or not, but they didn't have any rooms to move us to. The next day, I was so exhausted from not sleeping that I couldn't focus on the lectures being given. I missed a good portion of the day because I went to my room to take a nap. That evening, the bass started again. I knew my ability to pay attention to the next day's lectures would be a disaster like the first so I decided to check out in the morning and head home. The front desk was nice enough to credit me $112, which was nothing compared to the $450 a night I was paying for my room that I couldn't even sleep in, but here is where you need to pay attention people. Even though I checked out, they continued to charge my card for the next two days!! I contacted them about the charges and they said they would credit me the days back. I got my credit card statement and they attempted to steal $65 from me still!! I called and the lady at the front desk said, "That was dumb of us to charge you for 2 days of resort fees even though you weren't here." No apology. You can stay and play, but you better keep your eye on your credit card bill. After my last visit, I don't think the Bellagio is as nice as it used to be. Even the crowd seemed more down-dressed. I guess the upper class crowd has moved on to the Winn properties or other new casinos in town. Good luck!
3	We had a few issues with our hotel room..The room was very clean and the beds were ok.  We had no power in the outlet in our bathroom and I had to call the service desk twice to get it dealt with properly.  The first time they came up they claimed to fix it but they hadn't.  They offered turned down service but we found that we didn't have turn down service every day.We found the restaurants were over priced and didn't end up eating at the hotel and went out most of the time.I felt that $5.00 for a small coffee wasn't reasonable.Room was ok, location is great but we would likely not stay here again.  We found it too smokey as well.
2	I just completed a three night stay at the Bellagio in Las Vegas as part of a conference I was attending. Here are the issues I had with my room:1) Bobby pins on the carpet next to the bed2) Clock was more than two hours off3) Number plate for the room fell off the wall in the hallway4) Door handle to the bathroom was falling apart5) Shower valve handle came off6) Shower head caked with minerals7) Bathroom vanity covered with water spots8) Dental floss on the carpet in front of the bedI reported the first two issues on my first morning, and the clock was correct later in the day. I mentioned the remaining issues to an assistant manager at the front desk on my last morning there. She offered to adjust the room rate or provide meal vouchers, neither of which were useful to me since I was staying as part of a convention where all of that was covered. I just asked that she make sure the issues were fixed for future guests.Back in my room, waiting for check-out, I got a call from the "amenities department" as they had a delivery for me. Turns out the front desk sent an apology card and a nice assortment of snacks for my troubles. Since it wasn't a chain hotel where I could request points as compensation I figured this was good enough and I'd be on my way.When I was on my flight home I got an updated folio from the hotel showing a single charge: a tip for $1.61 for delivery of an amenity to the room. Yes, that's right. They charged me a tip for the delivery of the apology gift they sent me.I e-mailed the front desk and the charge was reversed, but no apology was given.With all the hotel options in Vegas you can do much better than here.
1	At the shopping area with my family, great music, the decorations are great. Nice dinner at olives, just very disappointed with security letting 2 men half dress like Santa showing off???? Really? Is this appropriate specially with lots of families?? Come on security, don't let this happen in your property
3	The Bellagio represents the beginning of modern Vegas (circa 1999) where the city finally (re)found it's identity as the Adult Disneyland.  Prior to this during the 90's there were a bunch of unfortunate family oriented resorts opening up all over the place (New York, New York, Treasure Island, the very venerable Excalibur) all of which were forgetting that the first megacasino, The Mirage, made no attempt to try to court little kids because.... KIDS DON'T GAMBLE, DRINK or EAT (WELL)!  The Bellagio put the nail in the coffin of that nonsense and forever there on out the city has transformed into something far more aligned with the original spirit of the city than annoying families and $1.99 prime rib dinners.Unfortunately these days the Bellagio is a mixed bag and it's pretty much divided straight down the line between staying there and just going there to have fun with other resort amenities.  Just to get the key negatives out of the way fast: unless you're high rolling the standard rooms here are now pretty dated and not recommended at all in contrast to pretty much any of the new resorts.  If you haven't been to Vegas before I *know* you've seen Ocean's 11 and the Bellagio looks pretty pimp but trust me, you can get a comparably priced room at places like the Aria, the Mandrian, the Cosmo and sometimes the Wynn (although usually it's a bit more expensive) that is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay better.  Unless they've recently renovated the rooms here are nothing special at all and definitely feel like they're from another era of Vegas.The good news is that much of the rest of Bellagio is still very cool and worth you time.  I could be seeing things but I feel like the Bellagio has a lot more tables for you to play at than any other casino in Vegas so that's pretty cool.  I'll save this for another review but Picasso is still a fantastic fine dining establishment worth your hard won cash.  Olives is a good place to sit outside, see the water show and look at the strip (although the food is just okay!)  The Bellagio Buffet used to be the reigning champ of all you can gorge gluttony but I think it's been supplanted in recent years by the Wynn and the Cosmo (although I don't go to buffets much anymore so your tastes may vary!)So, the short version: Visit this place but don't stay here.
4	came here with my wife for a two night stay over the weekend in early December. The hotel is spectacular and immaculate. Everything here from floor to ceiling was designed with great care and luxurious materials. The hotel is so large it does take some time to navigate back and forth to and fro from casino, parking, front desk, shops, etc. we got a king sized bed room in the spa tower. The room was very large, probably ~600 sq ft. Bathroom had a shower area and a tub with dual sinks. Room has a large led Samsung tv with very refined high end everything ( desk, sofa chairs, and linens - linens are very soft and comfy). Room has a bunch of snacks and drinks, and a locked mini fridge (not complimentary)While the hotel itself, it's location (middle of the busiest intersection on the strip), and it's grandness was amazing, the service was definitely sub par. This was the biggest disappointment because I've been looking forward to staying here for awhile. My story begins with the front desk, we were given a room after we checked in late on Friday near 7pm. The place was bristling with people but they checked us in quickly. However when we finally trekked to our room, there was a couple in that entered the room with luggage literally RIGHT in front of us in the hallway.... We didn't want to make the trek back to the lobby since it was far away so we called the Desk with the phones along the floor. They put us on hold for 3 to 5 minutes, which was frustrating considering we were pretty tired and saw how they can muck up assigning rooms to guests... They reassigned us to another room on a different floor and said our cards would work in the new room. So we again trekked to the other floor we were assigned, and Lo and behold, only one key worked......at least one worked, and we were able to get in... After we got settled we went back to the lobby and told them one of he keys didn't work and we told them what happened..... With no apologies, the lady who was helping us said.....this isn't supposed to be your room..... We were getting very frustrated now...because we weren't going to move or change rooms again...this was getting ridiculous.... After another 5 minutes she took our old cards and issued us new cards and said it should be fine now..... Without apologizing for any inconvenience. Now fast forward to check out day, we didn't have change to give to our cleaning person so wanted to break change. The gift shop next to the elevators in spa tower just said no without reason and told me to go to the casino for any change..... Additionally multiple times I was stopped and asked for my room card going up to the guest elevators (sometimes with and without luggage and singled out amongst other guests)For $300-$400 per night stay... its dissapointing to be treated like second class citizens and discriminated upon.Stayed December 2014, traveled as a couple
1	The front desk was exceptionally slow and rude. I don't feel like a paying customer at all...We booked a fountain view double queen room, but we're told the first night that 1. we did not pay extra $30 guarantee so we get either king fountain or double queen non-fountain, and 2. we can get room change the next day and 3. the prices are the same.The next day they sold out again and we were unable to get our room because we booked only for 2 people, and only booking for 3+ will guarantee double queen fountain view. They gave us ambiguous reasons with no consistency at all.Finally we were referred around several times because non of them seem to keep a straight story and we waited more than 15 minutes for the manager and got a $30 discount out of the $200+ room cost.Will not recommend to anyone. Just view the fountain from the outside and absorb the beauty, staying here will totally ruin your holiday mood.
5	Elegant, beautiful, and well set up; this place is great. It also has the best most convenient parking on The Strip.I just wish it wasn't so expensive to stay, eat, or shop here.
4	Whenever I think of Las Vegas, the Bellagio Hotel comes to mind. With it's grand fountain in front to the conservatory full of flowers inside to the large rooms and great restaurants. The casino and hotel are grand and decorated with every last ounce of grandiour. Sadly, with competition so stiff amongst the hotels... some of the newer hotels with all their bells and whistles are capturing our attention away from all that is the Bellagio. Time to lower the rates to compete!
1	This review is for the "O" Theater employees. When a family shows up to pick up their (3) $200 per seat tickets for the show, perhaps you make eye contact, smile and refrain from making fun of previous patrons with your co-workers. Also, learn from or rather OBSERVE that your co-workers want nothing to do with your conversation nor want you whispering in their ear...WHILE WE ARE STILL STANDING THERE completing the transaction. Can this be construed as rude? Bellagio used to be one of the best ..... About 10 years ago, but we followed Steve Wynn to The Wynn many years ago and have never been disappointed.Exiting the show was by far the most unorganized exits from all shows...and I've been to almost every single Cirque show since 1984.The show "O" was fantastic, just the venue lacked any ushers, and was very unorganized, and the rude staff at ticket counter was pathetic considering we what we spent to see the show.Steve Wynn must have taken his well trained staff to The Wynn and Encore! Glad we stayed at the Wynn.
2	I have been a regular visitor 2x/y since shortly after it opened, and sadly I must say that I have had the quality of my experience decline to the point that I will now look to stay elsewhere.The rooms are now dated and this visit, I discovered that my bedsheet had a large hole in the top sheet near my feet. And not for the first time my TV did not work, and after 1h I am still waiting for someone to look at it.I no longer feel appreciated for my loyalty to this hotel.  I belong to the Mlife reward program and one of the most important benefits to me has been the buffet line pass which circumvents hours long waits.  Last night on entering the line I was told that because it was so busy, I could not enter since the higher tier members were having to wait too long in the member line....my only option was to get in the regular line and wait 2h.  When I called this morning, I was told that this was a new policy, but no one bothered to tell me.  I was told anyone can pay extra to get a line pass...this certainly does not cut back on the potential wait for upper tier members.  And this is representative of the changes that I see adding extra charges for many things.There are huge crowds here which affect the quality of the visit with lines and masses of people everywhere.In the distant past room upgrades and a late checkout were offered, but this is no longer something that I have experienced unless one pays extra.No question the Bellagio has been a quality, beautiful resort at which I have always felt special, but unfortunately as a regular visitor I have seen the overall quality of my experience here deteriorate.  I have great memories, but things have changed and are not at all the same.I feel that perhaps one of the Wynne resorts is a better option.......as I am ready to leave I return to my room and I am locked out (the hotel ASSUMED I checked out) and my call to the manger to follow up on my concerns has not been returned.bye bye Bellagio!
3	As mentioned earlier - this money minting casino/hotel lost its charm as it once did due to lack of cleanliness/maintenance and over crowding. One expects far better experience at suite level prices. Wynn for us next time.
5	We stopped by here for their Christmas display and it was just beautiful!!!!! It's free, so definitely stop by and check it out. I loved the polar bears made out of carnations, amazing!!!!
4	Amazing!  This hotel is all around amazing.  From the moment you get off of the cab/shuttle/car your  are living the Vegas experience.   Located in the center of the strip, easy access to other attractions. Nice big lobby filled with flowers and lots of plants.  They have a small mall (LV, Armani, Chanel, high end stores) located within the mall.I have been here twice and the first time I went we got a room that was beautiful.  I man everything was wood, huge bathroom with marble floors, super nice comfy beds.   The second time we had a nice room also, but different.  It was smaller and the furniture was just average.The rates are a  bit on the higher end, but it is a nice hotel.   Worth it, I would recommend this hotel.
4	After a horrible experience at the front desk, and way more hassle redeeming our dining credit than necessary,  we did enjoy our 3 nights here.The Conservatory was under construction and the chocolate fountains were broken.  The hotel did reach out and made a big effort to make us happy after all of the inconveniences. The buffet is incredible! The pool is heavenly, and the the Pool bar and grill is a hidden gem.I like the walkway through the mall to Caesars Palace.  You also have access to the Vdara beyond the spa and conservatory. While there, you can access the tram which can take you to the Monte Carlo, Excaliber, Luxor, and Mandalay Bay.The free valet parking is a perk, but it's not difficult to self park, provided you can find a space. We will be back. After experiencing great service here, it would be difficult to settle for less.
1	Bellagio use to be an excellent hotel, cream of the crop and all that stuff, but it is starting to show its age, it shows in the hotel and in the quality of the service.  We stayed in Bellagio for 2 nights over the Christmas holidays, and we had spent the previous 3 nights at Wynn, and hands down, the service is so much better at Wynn.  It all starts with the check in process...it is almost like a free for all, there are lines all over the place, but you have to pay attention or you will end up in a "Check out" instead of a "Check in/out" line.  Three people in front of us, and it took 45 minutes to check in, since all three people had problems.  At Wynn, they had a guy who kept an eye on people in line, if they see that you've been waiting in line for too long, they will direct you to the invited guest check in counter, so that you don't end up standing in line until your feet are numb.  If you run into any employees in the hallway they just say an obligatory "Hi" you can tell that management make them so this.  The sound proofing was horrible, you can hear the door close from down the hall!  Terrible!We didn't pay that much for our stay at Bellagio (about $150/nt), but i still think i got ripped off.  Never again!  I will either pay more to stay at Wynn or save some money and stay at TI.  They've also skimped on the Christmas decorations this year.  In the past 10 years we've spent 5 Christmases in Vegas, and you can tell that the decorations in the main showing area aren't as nice as they use to be, i guess they just stopped trying.
2	Stopped in for a drink on a road trip.While there were many impressive features of this casino, I'm going to have to crack down on this sexist practice again.It is foolish to supply your bars with scantily-clad cocktail waitresses, when half your customers are female.  Makes us feel like shit when we're on a date.Either hire an equal amount of studly young waiters, and make them wear embarrassingly revealing clothes, or how about just hire normal people and let them wear respectable clothing.  This is not the Playboy mansion.
2	The hotel and rooms are very nice. This is my first stay at the Bellagio, and the experience was not good. I haven't checked out yet, so maybe it might change at a later time.I arrived early afternoon, all the non smoking rooms were booked, so they offered to call/text as soon as my room was ready. 8pm comes around and not one peep. I came back and they tell me it's ready without an apology for the long wait nor for not notifying me. I come to my room and the first thing I see is the rubber piece of the door frame hanging down from the top. As I put my jacket away, missing robe and slippers. Walking to the restroom I heard water running from the toilet and noticed the lid from the tank slightly lifted, not able to close all the way down because it was somehow broken. I decided to flush prior to using it, and of course water did not flush. Engineers arrived quickly and said I needed a new tank, they replaced the tank within minutes, but by this time it was 10:20pm. The smell it left when they changed the tank was not pleasant. Forgot to mention, my colleagues room...when we opened up the blinds, we found a pair of used stockings...I understand it's a very busy time with the conventions, but I would say it's unacceptable. Housekeeping should be doing better to ensure these items are made aware to fix. The employees were nice, but I don't think I would recommend this hotel...maybe it's just bad luck.Also, my colleague is in a wheelchair and wanted to hop off and into a lounge chair at the bar. We grabbed the seat next to us and the hostess came over and basically trying to boot him off because it was apparently just reserved. (We were already sitting and buying drinks for approx. 1.5 hrs) Offered him a stool instead. Are you kidding me? He's paralyzed how would you think he'd sit on a stool? After a few minutes going back and forth with her she finally brought out a chair for the other table. Not very hospitable...
3	This is one of 3 hotels on the strip that I recommend. Like the Wynn, it's expensive but the quality is above average compared to some of the other hotels. They need to upgrade their ventilation system too. Just like the rest of the hotels on the strip, the non-smoking area is small and limited, which makes the desire to gamble slim to none. Nevertheless, the shops are beautiful, the staff is nice and the food is good.
5	Penthouse at Bellagio review only:Private VIP guest area with delicious strawberry dipped chocolates, cookies, coffee/tea and other pastries. Professional and friendly staff. I enjoyed the separate his and her master baths; however, in the female bathroom there is only a jetted tub. In the mens, there is a shower stall. Should have both in my opinion. Feels like home away from home ~ very spacious. Distance from elevator to spa check-in is a bit far, should be closer/easier access from Penthouse. Great massage and professional staff.
