5	Where do you go to get ice cream when you have a child or family member that has a dairy allergy??? Not the grocery store! It's not the same & the ice cream doesn't even taste that great! But not any more!! Atomic #7 gives everyone the experience of going out to enjoy ice cream! They have a great selection of yummy ice creams, milkshakes, smoothies & more to please all taste buds! It makes going out for ice cream fun & everyone happy!! The staff are friendly & appropriately dressed in their lab coats ready to prepare your treat. Now this is where the fun begins! After making your selection science meets nature.....the ingredients are selected, blended & then frozen right before your eyes in a fog of liquid nitrogen! We experienced both the ice cream & smoothie on our visit The 'Super Nova Scoop' ice cream was the most yummy mint choc chip, lactose free (& of course white NOT full off additives & colors to create the fake green mint we've all become accustom to!) ice cream I have ever tried & as for the signature 'Atomic Amazon' smoothie I would definitely recommend trying this on a hot Vegas afternoon. I must say I was sad to read that 'Dave N' did not enjoy his ice cream as much as we enjoyed ours. I agree with his words of 'making his selection more wisely' the friendly 'scientists' are on hand to answer any questions you may have. Even reading the coconut-crystallized ginger combo doesn't sound very appealing! You really should go back.......Maybe next time Dave! The only way you'll be truly convinced is by checking out Atomic #7 yourself & creating your own scoop of organic science! I would highly recommend it!
3	Who knew getting help for your sweet tooth could be a seven step process?  I'm not the biggest dessert person, so checking out a brand new ice cream shop in town wasn't exactly something I'd normally jump at.  But the fact that your ice cream is made to order got me interested; who wouldn't want to watch their custom ice cream creation get created right in front of them?  The process goes something like this:1) Pick the size of your scoop2) Choose your flavor base3) Sweeten with sugar or agave syrup4) Choose your milk base5) Add chunks (cookie dough, fruit, etc.)6) Choose cone or cup7) Add toppingsWith so many steps and options, it would be great if they had pre-printed worksheets where you could check off or circle all the ingredients for your custom treat; currently they take your order verbally, which admittedly had me rechecking the menu several times during the ordering process so that I didn't lose track of what I had intended to order.  Yes, it's a little clunky at the moment, but with some fine tuning the process will go much smoother.As for the final product, I was pleased to get a lactose free ice cream scoop.  I rarely go for Baskin Robbins or Coldstone because my stomach hates me afterwards; it can tolerate frozen yogurt with next to no problem; but after eating Atomic #7's ice cream, I felt perfectly fine!  Other than that, the novelty of the ice cream gradually wore off as I finished my ice cream.  For the most part, I felt like it could have been a scoop of Breyer's (that didn't upset my stomach) from the grocery store, and my taste buds would have been just as happy.  It's a neat idea that's fun to experience once, but I can't guarantee that I'll be back.
4	My ice cream at Atomic #7 was unique to say the least. Made with pistachio base, coconut milk, cookies n cream chunks, agave sweetener (instead of sugar) all in a waffle cone.Sure there were things I would change, like having a less-fragile waffle cone and turning down the thermostat in an ice cream shop, but those are little things. The product was amazing and that's what I was hoping for. Because I ordered coconut milk, I didn't feel full of mucus and not over-sweetened. The ice cream tasted fresher than I'm used to, mainly because it was made just for me.The employees helped us figure out what we wanted to order, and once you grasp the concept of creating ice cream in 7 steps, it goes pretty easy.I loved the smiles of all the employees and their equipment made me jealous I don't have a commercial-grade Mix Master with the liquid nitrogen feed to create the frozen treat.I was pleased to see a full store when I walked in, and I hope they find ways to move the line more quickly. But the ice cream is well worth the wait.
3	This is a tough one. I've visited Atomic 2 times now and dang it, both times i forgot to take pics so doing this review is an exception to my rule, " no pics, no review" 1st visit was the CMYE event . Service was slow, but dang, there were alot of people there and i got a freebie so i ain't gonna bag on the service. I brought my niece, a friend and her daughter ( both girls are 12 yr olds ) - we all opted to try different concoctions including the base flavor, the milk/cream option, the blend-ins and toppings. Mine was the salt caramel base, coconut milk, chips in a waffle cone with caramel on top. I couldn't taste the caramel, i didn't taste salt, no caramel on top , loved the waffle cone. My niece loves ice cream - she had two bites of hers and gave me "the look" ...oh oh ...she was not a happy camper ! Hers and my friends daughter concoction had a froyo taste to it... not sure why. I decided i needed to re-try the place hopefully when it's not too busy, so i can closely monitor how the ice cream is prepared and maybe it will shed some light on why i think the ice cream is "off" I tried on monday with a friend. This time, mint base, cream, sugar, chips and caramel topping in a cup. ...i know caramel and mint is not necessarily complimentary but i ate the caramel somewhat separate from the ice cream ( i love caramel so i wanted to try since it wasn't on my ice cream last visit ) Tasted better the 2nd visit - i'm thinking the cream/sugar base is a factor but interestingly, the mint flavor seemed to fade the more i ate the ice cream. My friend had strawberry ice cream with the strawberry topping - i definitely liked hers. I'm still undecided about the place - Love the concept employees have a good attitude, decent service price a lil on the high side but i think it's justified it's far from where i live plan to take my 2 sisters there in a few weeks to get their spin - i'm worried my taste buds have been compromised by years of eating commercial ice creams so i want to get their spin. Then again, they were with me many years eating double or triple scoop ice creams at thrifty's so not sure if that will help.
4	Just heard about this place from a friend, and was super excited to try it out.  As a long-time vegan, I haven't been able to go "out for ice cream" in about 7 years now, so I am super excited this place even exists.  Atomic #7 is open until 9:30 and my companion and I arrived at about 9:28.  The owner was super friendly and nice about accommodating our last-minute arrival and even let us stay and eat our cones (which was great b/c it was about 105 outside).  I got the vanilla base with coconut milk + penguin coat in a waffle cone.  OMFG, THE WAFFLE CONE!! Now, again, I haven't had a waffle cone since the Clinton administration or whatever, but I don't remember them being this delicious.  By far the best waffle cone, vegan or not, I've ever tasted.  The ice cream was tasty and super rich and creamy, and the penguin coat (chocolate + coconut oil which hardens to a nice crunch) was delish.  I was very happy with my purchase.  The BF got strawberry base + almond milk + organic strawberries mixed in.  His was much lighter-tasting, so if you want a sweet treat that's less heavy, almond milk base is a good choice.  The fresh strawberries were delish and really made the ice cream shine.  Ok, vegans, here's info that only you will care about: The have separate bowls and paddles for making the non-dairy items! Yes! They also have a lot of bases that ARE vegan that aren't yet marked as such (only the items that are "certified" vegan have stickers, but lots of other stuff is totally vegan, just not certified, so ASK).  Also, you can get your ice cream made with agave nectar instead of sugar if you're into that.I have no idea how much regular ice cream costs, but I'm sure you get what you pay for.  I would absolutely prefer to spend a couple of extra bucks for vegan, organic, fresh, chemical-free food.  Plus, liquid nitrogen is super fun.  I can't wait to come back and try more flavors! Maybe they can compile a list of customer creations that really seem to work and add to the favorites list.  I definitely agree that the awesome amount of choices can be overwhelming.  I would also volunteer to taste test combinations if they need people for that. (I'm a scientist!)I  would take all of the reviews from the CMYE with a grain of salt... I mean, 70+ people in a tiny place at one time on the first day?? I don't know if that's a great representation of what a business would really be like.
5	this is the best thing to happen to Las Vegas in a while.  I love this store and the ladies who work here are really down to earth and geniuses.There concept of fresh ice cream and the use of liquid nitrogen is pretty unique concept.The price is all inclusive so, it's actually very reasonably priced if you get soy, coconut or almond milk ice cream.  My favorite is the vegan cookie dough with coconut milk and salted caramel (which is not vegan) butter pecanand they have these vegan marshmallows.  I can eat a whole pound.I like their gluten free wafer cone cause it stays crispier.I love this place and if you give it a bad review than you are an idiot.Vegan optionslots of vegan optionssuper healthyorganic!and made from scratchIN LAS VEGASnot in seattle, not in portland, not in SF.  Right here in our corporate fast food friendly city we have an authentic ice cream shop.WE MUST THANK THE SPAGHETTI ALIEN GOD!Why the hell would you complain we should be thankful.Sometimes yelpers need to get off their high horse.  You are not the critic for the New York Times.  the only downside is they are closed on wednesday.
4	I had been looking forward to trying this place since I saw the flyer for it. Vegan ice cream? I'm there! The concept is fun and so unique. Deciding and ordering can seem daunting, because there really is something for everyone, but one time through and it becomes a breeze.They literally make your ice cream from scratch from raw, real ingredients so you know what's in it, and you can't get any fresher.My Dad, who is the dessert barometer, really liked his Atomic Apple Pie flavor. I enjoyed my coconut milk- chocolate- with cookie dough, but my Fiance's choice was kind of bland and needed a little more sweetness.The girls assembling or should I say concocting the treats, were very nice and helpful. They really made just going out for ice cream a fun experience.I can't wait to go back and try something else.
4	She blinded me with science! Okay, enough with the cheesy 80's lyrics.  Yelp and a Vegan friend lead me to this place. I was at Sunset Station for an event, so I had to stop by on this hot Saturday afternoon. The place was full, and there was a short line. No biggy, it gave me a chance to really check out the menu. The menu was a bit confusing, but once I read it all, I was good to go. The 3 women working the store were super friendly, and let me know they would be right with me. I had a coffee, almond milk, chocolate chip small scoop. I am not Vegan, but this dish is, which makes me happy because it was super delicious! The flavor was good, not too sweet, but enough like ice cream to make it good. I could taste the coffee, which was nice, and it didn't have an almond milk flavor too it at all...which is okay, even though I love almond milk.  It took a few minutes to make, but really it was like watching a show when they were making it. I could have sat in there for hours watching, but then, that would be creepy. I am giving a 4 because it was a bit pricey for the size. Yes, I am sure liquid nitrogen is expensive. I would like to try it again before I determine a higher rating. Overall I was really impressed, and the non-vegans in the store seemed very pleased, and the staff was super helpful to a man who came in just wanting your typical "American ice cream".
4	I had the coconut milk with coconut flavor and coconut flakes mixed in...DELICIOUS!  I ended up getting the Super Nova size but I think it was too much for me...about halfway through I got bored with it (although that didn't stop me from finishing every yummy bit of it!)  I think the Neutron size would've suited me just fine.The kid got cream and Ghiradellli chocolate (no add-ins) and he LOVED it!  I had a small taste and agreed...fantastic.  As for the size, he thought the Super Nova wasn't big enough.  Go figure.Watching them make it was pretty neat.  Ginger made both of our orders and had them ready within minutes.  And even though we came in at 9:40pm, neither of them seemed rushed or annoyed that we were there 20 minutes to closing.  There were actually four people still left in the store when we left at about 9:55pm.  Nice ladies and very helpful!  Check it out kiddies.
4	We drove across town to check out this new take on ice cream. I got the Chai ice cream with coconut flakes in a waffle cone, and it was good, but the flavor was very mild. My daughter got vanilla, and how can one go wrong with that? My boyfriend got chocolate peanut butter, and gave it a 3.5 because the chocolate flavor was a little weak but the peanut butter was good and the texture of the ice cream was good. I would stop by and try it again, but only if I was on this side of town already.
5	I ordered a Neutron sized (aka small) blueberry ice cream made with sugar and almond milk. What emerged was a rich, lightly sweet, deeply flavorful dessert that ranks right up there with the best things I've ever eaten from Cold Stone, with one key difference.Eating Atomic #7 ice cream doesn't make me sick for two days afterwards with an allergic reaction. Dairy allergy can be incredibly depressing, and I try not to think too much about all the foods I've had to give up to maintain my health. But I didn't realize how much I missed ice cream until that scoop today. And now I don't have to miss it anymore.Ginger, the owner of the business, is incredibly friendly and has lots to say about the little details that make this place special. Not just the high-level bullet points about certified vegan, organic ingredients, but going as far as to share the recipe for her certified-vegan caramel - and a spoonful of it to boot! My reaction: "yep, it's caramel!"The service is friendly, the sci-fi preparation of your made-to-order ice cream is one of the most surreal things you'll see in any eatery and the finished product is a delight.And as an added bonus, they are running a "tweet for toppings" promo where if you tweet about your creation, they'll throw in a free topping. So I checked in on Foursquare, showed Ginger the post describing my dessert, and she added a dollop of soy whip to the top.Now if only they'd come up with a non-dairy cheese this good.I'm going to have to go back for the chocolate mole and the fire & ice (ginger and wasabi!). I just wish they weren't a half hour's drive away.
3	definitely A-OK.  friendly service, tasty treat.  My a/c went out again today, for the 2nd time in a few days, and I was desperately craving a frozen treat.  I got the almond milk-regular sugar-mint chocolate chip in a waffle cone.  Tasty, cold, creamy, and that mint was soooo strong I still feel it in my esophagus an hour later.  A bit pricey but fun.
4	OK, first, my husband & I are vegan and are SO GRATEFUL to have this place to just "go out" and get ice cream.  Yes, it's expensive, but sometimes it's better to pay for health (and smaller portions) rather than go to Whole Foods & pay $5 for a pint of Almond Dream ice cream.  I agree, the flavors & sweetness can be mild, especially compared to all the processed crap w/ crap loads of preservatives that everyone is used to eating, but fact is, they will make it however you want...if you like strong flavors ASK for more/stronger flavor when you order it, I always ask for extra sugar in mine and it comes out just perfect.  I get Brownie Bits (brownies are vegan & gluten free & amazing!!!) w/ peanut butter ice cream & their waffle cones are out of this world!  Rochelle & Ginger are super nice & run a great shop.  Thank you for the opportunity to pick up a treat while I'm out shopping!  Oh, and they do have reusable sheets now that you just dry erase marker your selections.  They are environmentally friendly too w/ compostable spoons & bowls made of potatoes & corn.  :)  LOVE IT!
4	I Visited Atomic 7 after doing some Yelp research on what my food options were in the area of the Henderson DMV. This was my first visit to Atomic 7 and after reading all the reviews I was really looking forward to what they had to offer. I picked the Neutron sized Healthy Heart (Almond Milk, Pistachio, Agave Syrup) with soy whip cream  in a waffle cone. My son chose the Neutron Peanut Butter ice cream  in a waffle cone.The Healthy Heart was one of the already created flavor combos as opposed to create your own flavor as my son got.The fact that everything at Atomic 7 is either either, handmade, vegan or organic is a trend I hope catches on with all food and beverages. Especially the organic option.  Ice cream I can justify as good for me, I'm all for it!Getting your creation prepared is like watching a science experiment. It was pretty cool to see your creation made with liquid nitrogen right in front of you. I was impressed with the flavor and texture of mine seeing that it was Vegan.  I took a bite of my son's organic ice cream and it was impressive too. The flavors were very good. It was by far the best animal friendly ice cream I have ever had.  The waffle cones are damn good also. The only thing that keeps Atomic 7 from a 5 star review is the flavors are not a intense as they could be. Very good not Amazing  I'm not sure if it's because the vegan/ organic ingredients limit flavors or if some fine tuning is needed.  For me gelato is still the world champion of the "ice cream world."I will be back to try the smoothies and other "ice cream" creations. It's worth  a visit especially if you are in the area. Good job on the cool and tasty concept Atomic 7.
4	I can appreciate any business that has liquid nitrogen spewing into kitchenaid mixers to make on the spot ice creams! I personally can eat dairy, don't care about vegan, gluten free, blah blah blah, but I know people that do, and they turned me on to this place. Today I had one of their ice cream concoctions, I picked the apple pie flavor mixed into lactose free milk that was sweetened with truvia. The gal piled it into the mixer and added the goodness (liquid nitrogen) and froze that goodness into a sweet extra creamy creation. She jammed it into a waffle cone and drizzled some caramel on top! Oh my it was tasty!I will go back to Atomic #7 and try some other things with soy and veganism and corn wrappers; the point being it was really good and really tasty and that's that!
4	First let me admit I am not much of a dessert person. I would rather use my calories for cheese or something savory. I do like to occasional frozen yogurt or ice cream in the heat of the summer! Our friends who are into Organic, Vegan, No Gluten, blah, blah told us about this place. We are not really into the Vegan thing, etc. Mu husband and I went because of the liquid nitrogen that makes the ice cream, very cool (no pun intended). I love this place because I can order chocolate hazelnut ice cream with salted butter caramel that has the must luscious texture and flavor with only 200 calories for the medium size in a cup. The staff is also very helpful in answering questions and very friendly. Expect to spend about $6 per order. Oh and the Penguin Coat is a chocolate hard shell coat on the ice cream.
5	I loved this place because I loved being a control freak about what I am going to eat and how it is prepared. I totally stocked this place before going in an buying something. I looked at the menu online and then drove to the place and looked around and got a to go menu to study up on about a week before I ordered something. All of my research payed off. I went in with my order 100% ready, no split second decisions resulting in weird flavor combinations or textures for me. I ordered exactly what I wanted. I loved my flavor combination, picking my milk, sweetener and mix ins.  This is my kind of ice cream. I LOVED it!!
5	I heard about this place a few months ago and was in the mood for a treat after a long run. Still -- I avoid most dairy and do very little sugar, so as much as I love ice cream and frozen yogurt, I don't indulge as often as I'd like to. Enter Atomic 7, tucked in a shopping center near Galleria Mall.  Wow! I had a chance to meet the owners and to hear about their concept.  Not wanting to be piggish, I opted to sample a nine ounce lactose-free bananas foster ice cream with banana chunks added, sweetened with agave.  Shared it with a friend who also loved it Absolutely phenomenal.  Best of all,  when I asked about calorie count and various options, the staff shared all the answers and didn't make me feel like a freak.
3	So, first time going here I was in AWEEEEEE. They are super unique and make you feel special because you will ALWAYS get your own creation starting from pure, liquid scratch! Vegan, vegetarian, allergist, and dieter friendly ( calories are posted if you're countin). My first time: Atomic apple pie made with almond milk, choc chip mix ins, inside a waffle cone. I got the Neuton size... 5oz. My friend got another creation same size + waffle cone. Our total ~$13. Okay, that's fine... because I really enjoyed my "atomic apple pie" even though it tasted more like cinnamon ice cream.. (where are the apples?!). My friend got a creation that was good, but reminded me too much of sun tan lotion. Second time: I got the chocolate hazelnut with banana mix-ins and my friend got the chocolate mole. Hmmmm.... this one made me reconsider this place. Yes, I realize it is vegan friendly, yada yada yada... But my chocolate hazelnut was disappointing. I was hoping for something incredible like NUTELLA... but was given something that tasted like dust with cocoa powder.. My friend who got the chocolate mole felt as if he was eating Indian food. His concoction was the spiciest ice cream (EVER) with no hint of chocolate, or any sweetness at all for that matter. The 14$ spent that day could have gone to dairy queen... Regardless, I think this is  a place to visit at least once, just to get it out of your system, if you happen to like it, then so be it. But I think if you want something flavorful you best suck in your gut or loosen your belt buckle because fewer calories/preservatives = fewer flavors/taste.
5	Omg this place is amazing they have such a  selection of ingredients one can out into their creation, It was like taking a test and getting the best treat you can ever find. When me and my partner went there we were in wow of the place , Eco friendly people friendly allergy friendly it was like if any one had a allergy and couldn't eat something they figured out exactly wat they could have. I personally LOVE there Atomic Amazon!!!!! and the rest of there smoothies are AMAZINGLY AMAZING .
5	I went last night and fell in love. The menus are laminated and there are alot of choices to make! Since, it was first time i went with the smallest size (Neutron) with soy milk and cookies and creme with Bananas. When I got it, it was so good, I almost opted for another, but I was here with friends and we were having a great time until they closed!  The idea behind it is using Nitrogen, thus they wear lab coats. It's unique and I'm going to keep coming back to this place :) :) :) :)
4	the options are almost overwhelming but in a good way. i had the crazin raisin (or something like that) made with almond milk and agave.... the texture was so smooth. ive never had vegan ice cream that smooth. I got to have a chat with the owner as well (who was gearing up for bite of las vegas) and she was super. the lab coats and general theme are fun. science is cool.when i come back to las vegas. i will be back by atomic 7, you can count on that.
5	Great ice cream! They made it right away for you after you picked the ice cream base and ingredients. It's interesting to watch the making process, and the ice cream tasted fresh and awesome! I would go there again whenever I go to Las Vegas area. Love it there and recommend it to everyone!I like that they have almond milk, lactose free milk, soy milk, etc, to cater different people's health needs. So if you have concern about cholesterol or lactose intolerance, Atomic #7 is good for you as you can enjoy a freshly made ice cream with a healthy milk base.
2	This is technically an update to my last review, but since it got pushed into the CMYE section this is a new one. Anyhow, I went here about a week ago and decided what the hey, I'll try it out again since I'm in the area. I got a medium cookie dough/caramel ice cream made with almond milk, with soy whip and rainbow sprinkles. The total came out to $6. Six dollars! S-I-X D-O-L-L-A-R-S!!!The quality of the ice cream was a lot better than the CMYE fiasco, but it was still about the same and in no way worth $6, sorry. I can get an entire PINT of vegan cookie dough ice cream for $4. Oh and it's still certified organic, too. It still tasted good, but the price is outrageous. Also, I couldn't taste the caramel ice cream. It wasn't strong at all. The only flavor that did register was the cookie dough mix-in.I do however like the setup of the store better. They make you fill out their menu with markers which makes ordering a lot easier and the register is right in the front. Overall though, I don't think I would come back here anytime soon. It is an absolutely wonderful concept but the prices are out of control. When someone can make their own creation at home for almost half the price and is big enough for TWO people, why bother? The fact that it is made in the way it is still doesn't justify the extra price tag. You know why I still shell out $5 for a vegan red velvet cupcake at a certain cafe? Because you can't find it on store shelves (well, you can at Whole Foods now but that's beside the point) and it's difficult to make at home. Such is not the case with vegan ice cream. I came, I tried, my bank account cried.
5	I love this place. The quality is high, the presentation is excellent, the staff is friendly, and there are literally millions of possible choices. You want organic, vegan ice cream? They got it. You want yogurt? They got it. You want almond milk ice cream? They got it. Pretty much any variety of ice cream you can think of they can make, and if you're ever feeling adventurous order the Science Project. The last time my girlfriend she was presented with ice cream that tasted exactly like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Superb.
4	I am not a vegan but a friend of mine is and we wanted to try it. We went and they have quite the selection. I got the soy apple pie flavored ice cream and it had the familiar flavor of a medicine that I had as a child, not a bad taste but just not that good. There are quite a few other things that looked good and I will probably try next time. It is kinda pricey but most of the ice cream shops are around the same price. Also the menus are super helpful. You receive a laminated sheet with all of the options and a marker and it makes the decision easier... and harder at the same time, that whole paradox of choice thing.
5	Excellent tasting, high-quality smoothies.  Very friendly and helpful staff.  I was surprised to find a place like this in the Las Vegas area - it feels like it belongs here in San Francisco.
2	Yes, it gets points for its creativity and scientific approach, but that cannot justify bad ice cream. Don't get me wrong, I really wanted to like this place, but the taste of the ice cream was just not there. We had the espresso (coffee with penguin coats) and it was just bland. The only plus I can give is for the texture of the ice cream, which is somewhere in-between froyo and ice cream. I think future Yelpers who plan to visit might be better off trying some of the other flavors here.
5	We love this place. From the first time we went to check it out, the owner Ginger was so nice and filled us in on everything. I got the bananas foster, which is still my fave. Whenever we go Ginger remembers our names and everyone is usually pretty nice. Also, if you're dieting, they can tell you the exact calories you are consuming which is a big bonus. I can get a giant scoop of yummy ice cream thats healthy for me and less than 150 calories? Hell yes. Bring it on.
2	Choc Oh NoFor pure entertainment value, this place rocks.  Baskin Robins' 31 flavors ain't got nothin on Atomic #7.  Have it your way at Burger King?  Me think not.  And the liquid nitrogen thing?  It keeps kids in their seats and wanting more.For monetary value...there was a lot to be desired.  As Adina M. mentioned, the prices are pretty hard to swallow.  Paying $4 for a KIDS' ice cream just doesn't feel right when I could have gone to McDonald's and gotten a $1 cone (let the flaming commence).  Ok, ok, ok, this is HEALTHIER than McDonalds, I know that.  But, allow me to retort.  Just because something is healthier doesn't mean taste should be sacrificed.  Exhibit A: Rocky Road.  One would expect chocolate ice cream to taste like...(insert anticipatory drum roll)...CHOCOLATE!  But, it tasted more like, um, nothing.  Not even a "Oh, ok, maybe this could taste like chocolate."  It was more like, "Wow, this is a great bowl of frozen brown substance."  Maybe I'm being too harsh.  But really, could it hurt to add more, oh, I don't know, CHOCOLATE?  Now I bring to light Exhibit B: Mint Chocolate Chip.  This one really did have mint flavor, but even my daughter was scratching her head and asking what she was eating...and she loves mint chocolate chip ice cream!  I really, honestly, wanted to love this place because the concept is so very cool (ha ha, get it?  Yes, I am a dork).  But I can't justify paying $10 for two bowls of a cold, gelatinous mass just so I can watch it being made.
5	I am in love! This is basically a Gluten-Free, Vegan, Organic version of Cold Stone. Only three items on the menu that weren't gluten free, and so much to choose from! I love the menus and ordering process. They let you choose between dairy, soy, almond, rice, and coconut ice cream! It's also great that you can choose your sweetener. I had vanilla soy ice cream with gluten free brownies and a chocolate shell coating. Now I want to move to Nevada. You have to go here if you're in Vegas. It's only 15 min away and soooo worth it!
5	I Love this place for the whole family!!!I can bring my carnivore, herbivore & omnivore family members here. My dog love the blueberry ice cream, My sister love coffee ice cream & I love the wasabi with ginger. Great Place!!!
3	There is a certain level of excitement when told that you have full control over customizing your ice cream with no pre-made base. It is not Coldstone where you pick an existing ice cream base and add topics. No, you get to pick your milk, sweetener, and mix ins. You get to be the ice cream god! This can go either way and mine was mediocre. I had got the raw base key lime pie with soy milk and stevia for a light treat. I was warned ahead of time that stevia adds an aftertaste that not everyone enjoys. I personally do not mind it, so I persevered. I take a certain amount of responsibility for the failure, but not all of it. I was going for a vegan treat that was low in calories because I have consumed far more than enough ice cream, gelato, or frozen yogurt to give me diabetes. The key lime was a really faint taste that leaves a lingering Sprite taste. I love key lime because it is bold and prevalent, so this was not impressive.My friend got the yogurt base with regular sugar, coconut and blueberries. His was awesome. So the moral of the story is to not skimp on something you love. I ended up sharing my dessert and that rarely happens with ice cream.
5	This place is perfect for vegans who cannot find an ice cream joint to go with a friend to.  I love going and trying all the different flavors and concoctions.  The staff is so willing to help and will recommend their favorites.  I loved the Rocky Road with coconut milk and agave sweetner.  They even use vegan marshmallows!I took my non-vegan friends as well who were also satisfied.  One tried the cardamom ice cream which sounded a bit strange to me but they are still raving about it.The price is comparable to other ice cream places but you can tell they use high quality ingredients.  Try the Penguin Coat for an extra kick of chocolate!
3	this place is right across the parking lot from BWW. . and I always see it when I leave but since I've already eaten ususally bad food (healthwise) and really good beer - - taste wise.. I cant afford the calories allotted for a sweet dessert. However, on this occasion I only had to try it. since I ordered a healthier  that day. When we walked in she asked us if we'd been there before, we replied no. She then handed us the menu and told us to look it over. well.. duh. What difference would it have been to say yes, and her handing us the menu? What I would have preferred is a lil more explanation of your complete laminated page of options.I enjoy the concept of being able to customize your order to your exact specification down to lactose free, almond or coconut milk, stevia, honey, agave nectar, you name it. I enjoy this, I do.. but gee, sometimes you just want a serve it your self frozen yogurt place, weight and be done w/ it. I went w/ the cheesecake medium size with almond milk and agave nectar. It was ok, not too sweet (which im not a fan of) but good enough to say i'd order it again. It was almost $6 for one medium sized yogurt concotion.For $7 I could have 2 mediums @ Golden spoon. just a thought. I couldnt order anyting w/ chocolate b/c I gave it up for lent. ah come on easter!!
4	I love supporting small business, especially small business that strive to give their customers a great experience. Atomic #7 has really gone out of their way to cater to not only the general public but people who eat raw, are lactose intolerant, vegan and vegetarian. I really admire a business that strives to take care of the needs of customers. The ice cream tastes wonderful and they also offer other items such as milkshakes, cupcakes and more. I highly recommend it for kids as well, they will love watching the foaming ice cream!
3	The price is still high but I have to admit that the waffle cones are tasty and that almond milk leads to good ice cream.  I took my diabetic father here and he just got vanilla and stevia, so he was a cheap date so to speak.  I have tried a few unusual combinations:-chai tea-green tea with cacao nibs (not bad)-lemon-lime with cayenne/chili pepper (not spicy at all i promise)-fire n ice (ginger-wasabi with candied ginger pieces) and i added cacao nibs (couldn't taste the wasabi really)The concept is cool, but it takes awhile and is pricey.  When I took my dad, it was a Tuesday night and it was packed to the BRIM with high school aged ppl.  I went again on a Saturday night and it was packed with old peeps (nothing wrong with em, glad they are out on a Saturday night!)the staff is really friendly, and have seemed surprised that I don't get any spice from the cayenne and the wasabi.  I checked in and saved my free smoothie offer so next time at least it will be free.  I like the idea of this and think it is a cool place to go on a date :*)
5	I discovered Atomic 7 becuase they hosted a fundraiser for a dog rescue group around St. Patrick's Day and part of their procedes went to the cause. I love that the ingredients are all fresh, and you have so many options to choose from! You can taste the difference in the quality of ingredients!The 1st time I went I had a pineapple upside down flavor, which tasted exactly like pineapple upside down cake!! My husband had chocolate ice cream with cookie dough pieces. I tried a spoon of his and the chocolate was amazing. It was really chocolate-y! Unlike any chocolate you get at a grocery store!The next time I went I had chocolate with fresh banana and my husband got bubble gum. Again, everything was fantastic!And, the 3rd time we went he had chocolate with cookie dough (again) and I got peanut butter w/ chocolate chips. The PB was SO goood!!!!Prices are comprable to Cold Stone, but the taste and selections FAR EXCEED anything that Cold Stone has.The are located right by the Galleria in Henderson...and I drive all the way from Lone Mountain area to go here because it is THAT GOOD!!!Lots of vegan, organic, and allergy friendly choices. They even keep the utensils separate for those with severe allergies! I don't have allergies, but it is still pretty cool that they do this!They also have cakes, cupcakes, and puddings!Staff is always really friendly and helpful. I cannot wait for a location on the NW side!!!They are also open til 10:30PM!!
4	This place is great because you have complete control over what goes into your ice cream which is especially good if you have diet restrictions. There are so many options and flavor combinations that it took me at least 20 mins to figure out what I wanted! They make everything on the spot and let you pick which diary ingrediants you want whether it be soy milk, or almond milk, or just regular milk to which sweeteners you want, for which there are 5-6 options for that too. There are also a ton of flavor options and ingrediants you can add for a couple cents more.After you're done making your selections, they freeze your creation with liquid nitrogen which is always fun to watch. The ice cream comes out really delicious and fresh and completely customized to your ice cream craving desires. They also have shakes you can customize too. This is a great place to come if you're craving some dessert and you can convince yourself it's a little healthier for you than regular ice cream (depending on which ingrediants you pick haha)
5	I.  LOVE.  ATOMIC. #7.  I first heard of it last year at Bite of Las Vegas after finding out I was allergic to dairy.  I about had a mental breakdown when I thought I couldn't eat ice cream again.  It was like a mirage in the desert when I saw it was DAIRY FREE!  I ordered the almond milk cookies n cream (I think) and yum!  It doesn't even taste that different from regular ice cream either.  I can't wait till they build one in the Summerlin area but I do make the drive waaaaaaaay out to Hendertucky just to get some of their creations.  The King in a waffle cone topped with hot fudge is one of my favs.  The banana split is tasty too.  Damn, I think I'm gonna have to hit it up this weekend....my mouth is watering just thinking about it...
4	We went there with the kids. Its a cool place. The service was great. The kids really enjoyed choosing their own ice cream concoctions and watching them make it with liquid nitrogen. The ice cream was delicious! I had the chili chocolate ice cream which I loved. The waffle cones were great too, just the right texture and crunch. My only complaint is that its VERY expensive. We had a $15 coupon and it bill was still $24. A place everyone should try at least once though!
5	Love this place!  It's so great to have a place to go with healthier dessert options.  The menu was a little intimidating to me at first because you have SO many great options, but I've got it down now.  =)
5	Vegan ice cream made right before your eyes and served by some rad individuals is really all I should say. They, of course make traditional ice cream and milkshakes as well. You won't find another ice cream joint like this around these parts. Definitely try the "Waffly Good" in a waffle cone. You will never regret it. My fellow vegans and I rate Atomic #7 as our most cherished dessert spot here!
4	I'd heard stories about a place where you could decide everything from the type of base to the toppings and watch your creation being made.  I visited the website and looked over it.  It took a friend with a Groupon to  persuade me to go and I'm glad they did.The place was clean and the staff was friendly and helpful.  We got there a bit after 5pm with only a few people ahead of us.  The choices were amazing and I finally decided to try almond milk base, Life is a Chai Way.  They were out of regular caramel but suggested Salted Butter Caramel Sauce or offered to make something else.  Psychic? Or just good timing? I'd been craving salty fries all day long so salted butter caramel sauce it was - YUM!With the temps going over 100 the next few days,  I will definitely be visiting again.
5	Smoothies are great! Haven't tried the ice cream yet but the have a great selection & that's next on my list
5	Yum. The almond milk w/ agave, salted butter caramel flavored, mixed w pecans, topped w hot fudge and more salted butter caramel...yum!  Yeah, going through that checklist is quite an experience and may be time consuming...that's usually what happens when one is given so many choices...but remember, you can always come back for more!!!  It's quite impressive with the organic and vegan ingredients, very cool.I also tried the green tea with the soymilk.  I think the green tea was a bit weak since the soymilk masked most of the green tea taste.  May be I should have had it w/regular milk...so basically, even though they do have quality ingredients, it's the combination picked by customers that may make or break it.For those that can't decide, they also have a combination already pre-listed for one to pick from.  From that list, I've tried the 'life is a chai way.'  Taste like how I've imagined it to be...nom nom nom.So for those icecream lovers, this place is definitely a must visit!
3	**Summary**       - Ice cream - I don't know if I just picked the wrong selections, but the ice cream didn't seems as great. Maybe it's because everything is raw or vegan.       - Smoothies - The smoothies however, benefit from being vegan. It's very fresh.       - Price - There's a bit of a premium to pay for organic it would seem. All the prices for the ice creams and smoothies are a little higher than other places.**Price**       - $5 - $8**Ordered**       - Atom Split - Banana, Strawberry Chunks, Penguin Coat, and Peanuts. Perhaps it was the peanuts, but the hardened chocolate crust over the ice cream tasted salty. It was different, but a bit strange. The strawberry chunks were nice, but the initial salty tasted turned me off to the meal.       - Rocky Road with Honey - Chocolate seemed a bit bland. Perhaps it was cause we didn't opt for the cane sugar.       - Atomic Amazon - A very fresh tasting smoothie. It has acai, pomegranates, grapes, blueberries, black cherries, goji, blackberries, apples, dragon fruits, mangosteen, bananas, strawberries, rose hip, hibiscus, b-12, chai seeds, agave, and cardamorn.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend the smoothie. The price is a bit steep at $7.77, but I wouln't mind paying for it again.
5	One of my favorite places to be in this entire valley. The service is amazing, the music is great, the owners kick ass and the ice cream is heavenly. I've been vegan for over 3 years and this is the only place in Henderson where I can go for great deserts. I've been so often I'm known by name now. It's seriously an addiction. I've brought every last friend I have to this place because I want EVERYONE to know about it. I should seriously have a part-time job there.
4	Really fun place to go, and was fun to incorporate into date night.  Just choosing what you'd like feels like an adventure...there are a lot of selections to choose from.  He got a peanut butter chocolate shake and it was amazing!  I went with a chai ice cream, coconut milk, fresh coconut and few other things added in (can't remember all of my selections).  I have to say mine didn't taste as great, but that was due to my strange selections and not thinking about how the flavors would combine....still a good, delicious way to cool down this summer.
3	Walking into Atomic 7 can be overwhelming but the staff is helpful in making selections. Treats are made on the spot so you can customize for dietary needs. This is what brought me in. My mom is diabetic and desparately misses sweets. She's had a mean craving for a pina colada so they made her a tropical smoothie with Agave. It was good, but she missed the pineapple flavor this mainly tasted like coconut and banana. I had the Waffly Good ice cream. It was awfully good. Since it's made on site the waffle pieces remain supremely crisp.
5	I can FINALLY go out for ice cream like a "normal" human being!! Woo hoo!! I generally opt for coconut milk & agave. The Waffley Good is my absolute favorite! If you're feeling frisky though, I'd recommend the Science Project. My fiance gets it ALL the time and they never disappoint!!
5	This place is dope if you love ice cream.Just go!!!Try this!!!  milk: regular, sweetener: agave, flavor: banana, toppings: coconut flakes and peanuts
4	We went in expecting a quiet empty place, but it was packed! A bit of a wait, but it was so neat to watch. The items are made in a mixer right in front of your eyes with liquid nitrogen. Transforms your creation and brings it to life!Interesting concept... the choices are endless. It's cool like that! I like being able to select choices like agave or almond milk. It wasn't the best smoothie/ice cream I've ever eaten, but it was neat. Excellent spot to take kids of all ages. It would be a nice field trip concept or a homeschool group, church group, or school class. It's a small location, and needs a bit of interior cosmetic work, but the place does a great job. Easy to find in the mall ring circle near Panera Bread @ Galleria Mall. Plan on ~$10 per person... seems high, but different items/options added on and cost more. We'll definitely be back.
3	Great vegan/raw options. Don't go if you're in a rush, there were maybe 8ppl ahead of us with 3 workers and it still took 30 min from when we placed our order.  We were waiting around for 15 min until they let us know they were out of the bananas foster my friend ordered. I had supernova sz salted caramel w almond milk, sugar and added bananas. It was delish and reminded me a little of buttered toffee. The chunks of banana were fresh and didn't get frozen. Since they were out of bananas foster, my friend got supernova strawberry w almond milk, sugar, fudge and walnuts. It was ok, tasted very much like fresh strawberries. She said it was ok, but she wouldn't order it again. It was $15, $8 since I used my $7 for $14 living social certificate. Ice cream was good, but that's damn pricey. Atomic #7 is good but like ice pan, you're paying for the show. The atmosphere is fun with a crowd ranging from high school kids, families and a couple seniors. Everybody looked like they were having fun, and we probably would've enjoyed it more if weren't late for a movie. I'd recommend it for vegans and ppl on a raw diet - you'll be in heaven. But for me it wasn't worth the wait or the price. Oh they also have free wifi.
5	They make cupcakes now! Gluten free, soy free, vegan cupcakes. I asked Ginger "If there's no wheat or soy, what the frak are they made of?" and she said "Love." And you know what, based on how delicious those cupcakes are, I believe they just might be.
4	This place was awesome! Such a fun idea. It was quite busy, but it took us awhile to figure out what we wanted anyway, and it was interesting to watch them making other people's ice cream while we waited. I had the coconut milk chai ice cream with salted caramel... it was just OK, the caramel was too burnt-tasting for my taste. But the mint ice cream (with regular milk) and the banana (with almond milk) were really terrific. I think if they used a fuller fat coconut milk it would make a richer, more satisfying ice cream (and still gluten-free and non-cow). Overall, definitely worth the trip and I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	This is the best place to get what you want . The staff is super duper friendly and are inform about what goes in what, they helped me w/ my corn allergy so I was free to enjoy what I liked whit no worries. What ever other people may say u get for what you pay for and your choices are yours, if you dont like it just simply ask yourself what you dint like and don't blame it on others it was you choice not there's . This is an amazing place letting everyone w/a food restriction come in and enjoy ice-cream its just simply wonderful
5	Liquid nitrogen and ice cream.  Awesome.  Fun flavors, instant gratification.  Highly recommended!
5	I love this place.  I think the idea of having a vegan ice cream is amazing.  The amont of customization you can do with everything is what makes this such a fun place to visit.  I wish there was more locations closer to me but i can live till they make more.  They use liquid nitrogen to make ice cream on the spot.  and i gotta say i loved what i had.  So many cool ideas.  I'm gonna be bringin people here all the time now.
5	Atomic 7 is by far mine as well as my families absolute favorite vegan ice cream on the planet!! That is saying a lot because we travel all over I have had as  many different types of vegan ice creams that I can get my hands on. Ginger is one of the creators and owners of Atomic 7 and not only is she an innovative inventor but she is also extremely nice and hard working hands on owner.  I would love to say that I have tried so many different flavors and combinations of ice creams but ever since my first time coming in almost a year ago I have created the same ice cream flavor...I just think I made the best most delicious flavor and I can't bring myself to try something different ... Although I do get to sample the different varieties that my family create. My usual is a super Nova size .. Chocolate, peanut butter with banana chunks and raisins... Usually in a bowl but occasionally when I want to get a Little crazy I will get a vegan waffle cone. My ice cream is made with soy milk and stevia as the sweetener. Six ingredients..thats it! Watching the ice cream being created seems a bit like magic although I know it's nitrogen.  One of the most fun parts about this ice cream joint is that you actually get to watch the ingredients being magically put together and frozen immediately before your eyes!The ice cream is so creamy and delicious ... Although it's a treat, I still feel a whole lot less guilty eating it since I know exactly what's in my frozen treat.. Organic vegan ingredients with nothing artificial in it and it's made with a little bit of love ( I think that's why it might taste so good).  If I had one criticism it would only be that it is located all the way in Henderson and we live in Summerlin. That being said you know The ice cream is that spectacular if we make it a point to drive 23 miles to get there. My suggestion is that you pack up the family and head into Atomic 7 ASAP For what will surely be one of the best frozen desserts that you have ever eaten.
3	The ice cream tasted.....interesting............?Well....If you are on a diet, this place is alright I guess. I count my carbs from time to time so this place didn't make me feel as guilty as Dairy Queen or Cold Stone's with the almond and coconut ice cream.  HOWEVER, I do love the Atomic Amazon smoothie very much.  Hm....maybe I'll come back when I feel fat again.... P.S. I ordered Rocky Road, and it tasted nothing like the Rocky Road I've had before.
4	I have my favorite and I'm stickin' to it.  The first time my friend and I went, we couldn't resist the "waffly good".  Peanut butter ice cream with caramel and waffle chunks.  Good stuff!  I've tried other flavors, but I keep coming back to this standard.I love the concept and execution of Atomic.  Finally, I can go out for ice cream with my vegan or lactose intolerant friends!  I love that they offer the various low glycemic sweetners (I always just stick to cane sugar, myself, though), and I still giggle watching the "smoke" from the liquid hydrogen every time.  God, I love liquid nitrogen... Anyone who has never had a chance to play with it should.I have had nothing but good experiences with the staff, and the price of ~$5 for a specialized ice cream (or $8 for a cup big enough to feed the whole family) doesn't differ in price from Cold Stone, or other "deluxe" ice cream equivalent places.  Heck, the mix and squeeze fro-yo places cost nearly as much as Atomic, so especially for the personalization and labor involved, I find the price argument absolutely illogical.  Their baked goods prices rival any bakery outside your local supermarket , and they're vegan!  I'm still trying to get my hands on a blue velvet cupcake.  Apparently you have to get in earlier in the day to find them in stock.Some of the ice cream flavors are definitely hit and miss.  I was not a fan of the caramel, for example.  As I said earlier, I've never been as satisfied by a flavor other than my ol' standby.  Some are still developing, for sure.  I feel that surely they'll improve them through time.  Heck, this entire method of ice cream making is new outside of a high-end restaurant, the owners definitely get points for that novelty and the balls it took to for these ladies to pull it off.
3	Heard about Atomic #7 from Nelson Q last year, but I am rarely in that part of Las Vegas so visiting them required some pre-planning.  After my training class let out at noon, I decided to hit up Chick & Benny then Atomic #7 (both on the SE side of LasVegas).The day was super sunny and very warm (109F), so I was really looking forward to trying out ice creams made with liquid nitrogen from scratch, and just for good measure for the sake of writing a well rounded review, I had a large Molecular Mango smoothie.The ice cream was good, the ice crystals were very fine and the texture was excellent.  Price is high, but it does include a live food demo. And if you have little ones, the icy "smoke" is sure to capture their attention. But parents and guardians should not let their guards down, as I did observed  in horror a little boy falling backwards off the bench as I was having my ice cream. The smoothie was refreshing, but even with all of the healthy and fresh  ingredients, I thought it was just okay and pretty close to the smoothies I get at other places.I think Atomic 7 is a must try at least once kind of specialty dessert/snack destination.  It is a a fun and facinating way to enjoy a cold snack, especially on a typical melt your tires hot day, and a great opportunity to get in a little science lesson in the process.Location is relatively far for me, so unless I am in the area, I probably will not drive 30 minutes to stop by here just to get the customizable science lab ice creams.
3	I would have rated a 1 star only because I was not impressed with the banana, pineapple orange smoothie.  Granted it was free but I think there should have been another choice option. The smoothie was gross, and couldnt even get my three year old to drink it.  We also ordered an ice cream that was good.  My daughter loved watching how they made them to order and I have to admit it was pretty cool.Overall we will return
5	Owner contacted after my review apologizing about my shake. Only was noticed after wards shake was made incorrect juice. And agreed it was gross. Anyways asked to come back in so it could be made correctly this time.  I did not get the banana orange pineapple but a VERY good berry one that was at no charge to make up for the last one.  Daughter got the bubble gum ice cream and once again loved watching it made and her review on the ice cream..... "I like it!"
5	Atomic #7 is absolutely "da bomb" haha, ok sorry about being corny.But seriously, I made a special trip to this ice cream, smoothie, milk shake heaven this afternoon.  I found out about them through groupon and decided I've got to check it out.  Also, www.happycow.net listed the place as a vegetarian/vegan/raw vegan establishment.  So there I went.When I walked in, I see metal tables and seats, a cool open bar/kitchen area where all the ice cream is made right in front of your eyes.  I was greeted by a cheery young lady asking me if I had ever been there and explained how to order.  I did my homework, so I sort of knew what I wanted.It's a 4-5 step process.  Pick your size, pick your liquid base, pick your sweetener, pick your flavours, add toppings and voila they will custom make your ice cream!!!  Oh, and pick your container, cup or waffle cone =)I picked the medium, raw vegan base (almond milk made fresh on the spot), cinnamon, cardamon, ginger and stevia, yes they have stevia for no added sugar calories and I indulged in a gluten free waffle cone made on premises!!!  Ok, ok, I will pay for it tomorrow, but I'm here in Las Vegas how often, a few times a year maximum.  I deserve a little treat.They go to the back and first blend the concoction using a Vitamix, cool.  Then they pour the blended goop into a mixer and pour liquid nitrogen to freeze the ice cream.  COOL, literally, I mean freezing cold.  And then they scoop it into a waffle cone.  OMG, and it's all mine to eat, yummmy!  I felt like a kid again.  Actually, secretly, I'm a closet ice cream fanatic.  The concept is brilliant really.  Create your own customized ice cream right on the spot!  I love it.This place is sooo family friendly.  There were so many kids in the place.  They use good natural and organic ingredients whenever possible.  That makes me  happy.  And the owner and chef, Ginger, is such a down to earth, friendly and intelligent lady.  I was impressed by her attitude and she works side by side with her staff.Bonus, they make gluten free cupcakes too, for those who can eat baked goods.I heard they are opening another branch in Summerlin, west of Las Vegas.  Fun!!!This ice cream paradise is highly recommended!  It's a must do for locals and visitor alike.  I wish I was staying longer, because I want another one tomorrow =)I wish we had a place like this in NYC!!!
4	A refreshing alternative to Cold Stone, 31 Flavors...
3	Ice cream was tasty. Super unique and cool. They make your ice cream creation from scratch......you choose sugar milk everything. Bad thing is it took forever. It turned into a 45 minute ordeal and by the time I finally got my ice-cream I was over it and wanted to go to yogurt land. Plus it was like 10 bucks for a medium cup 9oz
4	It's a little pricey, but very worth it! You can choose every last detail of your specialty ice cream and then watch it be made! The enviornment is cute, but not to special, and from the two times I've been there, the service has been excellent. Not a fan of the vegan cupcakes.
5	Had an amazing ice cream in a waffle cone almost a week ago and still thinking of it!! A must have!
5	Wayyyyyyyy better this time! I made some sort of chocolate coconut concoction that was amazing. I highly recommend trying this spot
5	Awsome ice cream flavors made to order! My favorite flavor is the mole ice cream made with almond milk, agave, with pecans. Mole you may think savory but the spiciness from from the cayenne pepper along with a strong chocolate taste gives you on a unique flavor experience. Its cold and spicy hot at the same time. I've also tried their salted butter caramel made with almond milk with agave. With this flavor you can really taste the saltiness but its a perfect combination with the sweetness of the caramel. At first the checklist may be overwhelming but the workers are very helpful to help you figure it out. All their ice cream is made with liquid nitrogen and is fun for the kids to watch how its made. I love the way they use molecular cooking to combine natural ingredients and make something so simple.
5	This is the most amazing ice cream place I've ever been to in my life. Being a vegan usually means depriving yourself of some of the more unconventional flavor combinations when it comes to ice cream. You can definitely find vanilla and chocolate at stores, but what about mocha cheesecake? You can't just go to some place like Coldstone and have them mix flavors and toppings. Well, now you can, and you can choose everything that goes into your ice cream, right down to the type of milk. Although I enjoy soy milk, I've always found almond milk to have a more neutral, less intrusive flavor that is much better suited to ice cream, so it was awesome to be able to choose it. I mixed chocolate, cheesecake and coffee, sweetened with agave nectar, and wasn't disappointed. I got the largest size possible, but it was still all gone within a matter of minutes.
4	With an interesting ice cream shop/science lab atmosphere this place is one you must check out. The smoothie I had was delicious and my friends was even better. The staff was informative and courteous. The menu kind of gave me a headache but I'm sure once you figure it all out, it's a good system. Oh, and the music was kind of annoying. I will definitely go back.
4	Cool place! Love the customizable ice cream flavors and all the vegetarian/vegan options! Service was great and the cashier explained that the ice creams take a bit longer than most places so we knew what to expect. I had the Groupon so it took care of two orders and we just had to pay tax. I got the coconut milk ice cream in bananas foster with salted caramel, molten lava, strawberries, and bananas. Leave it to me to make a vegan ice cream NOT vegan and extremely unhealthy. It was amazing! I will definitely be back as many times as I can drag myself to Henderson.
1	I was very excited to try this place.  There menu is very confusing.  They.offer a lot of choices but too many choices for me.  Watching it being made was very.cool however it was short lived once I.took a bit.  I got cookie dough with chocolate coating.  The ice cream itself was bland and the texture was chunky.  And it wasn't the dough that made it chunky.  I have had better ice cream and for.cheaper.  if you are.vegan that's the only reason I could see.coming here.  It wasn't worth my trip across town or the $7 it cost.
1	I have been going to this place every so often since they opened. I was stoked that there was a vegan ice cream shop in Vegas FINALLY!!! But today was my last visit. The cashier (Roxy) was kind enough to tell us that we were "stealing your ice cream because you're trying to run a business.". So explain to me please, how was I stealing if you had Groupons & Living Social coupons and not to mention your punch card. You might want to explain to "Roxy" that you are trying to build a business instead of turning customers away. If this is the customer service your fine with. I can't wait to see how many more customers you lose. Oh and you might want to tell Roxy that her twitter account @Atomicgirl20 she should make it private or delete it all together. You'll be surprised how many people will read her post.
4	This is a great place for Ice Cream of different kinds, not just Cows Milk.  The only thing that keeps me from going there often is it is badly understaffed, it can take 45mins for them to get started on you Ice Cream, due to the lack of people working. I have only been there once when there was more than 2 people working and it was still to slow.
5	Gluten free and vegan! Love this place and all of its selections. You can create your treat from top to bottom -sugar, milk, and flavor. In other words, you choose the nurtitional factor of your ice cream. How cool is it that they use liquid nitrogen to make the ice cream too? Awesome artwork....I have no complaints.
1	We made a special trip here during our trip to LV. When we got there, the store was dark and closed. It looked empty :(  I'm assuming they've closed for good- I was really disappointed, I was looking forward to some gluten free vegan ice cream!
