5	Wow, a real surprise!Robin, the owner, is a wonderful, helpful man. He even helped my partner and I with issues well beyond what vitamins to buy. Giving people like this are true gems, and they should get your business before Whole Foods type places do.But in terms of normal vitamins and herbal stuff, he's also ace. I saw a picture of Robin from 10 years ago, and he hasn't aged much, if at all! It's solid proof that what he does obviously works. He'll also order anything you want or need to become healthier.I highly recommend the Kombucha 2000 drinks (yummy!), the Sunwarrior Ormus Greens, the Sunwarrior raw vegan protein, Raw Power protein with maca, and the Solaray Life Force multi vitamins. These will all help you to be quite vibrant.He has most of the key products in the Garden of Life range, like the popular Raw Meal (although I like some other products a bit better myself).I don't use it often anymore, but he also carries the most hardcore version of Saint John's wart -- Perika. Take a few, and it's as strong as any commercial antidepressant. This helped me get through a very significant period of grief without as many side effects as actual pharmaceuticals.He also has the Mushroom Wisdom line of products, which many people have found great for conditions like cancer. I hope he carries Mushroom Science at some point in the future, since their line -- especially the Reishi, Chaga, Lions Mane and Tremella, kick ass for so many other day to day purposes. (hint, hint!)
5	The great thing about Raw Health is that the staff on hand are very knowledgeable on nutritional supplements, the selection here is outstanding!
4	This place was awesome! I called them 30 minutes before they closed to see if they had some items, they did and they had them ready for me when I arrived just before closing. It was In and out, and they were very helpful. A little pricey but I guess most vitamin supplements are. Definitely coming back!
4	Went to purchase local honey. Available in a few different sizes. Also available in honey sticks (for the kids and kids at heart). Honey comes from Pahrump.Stumbled across "Kombucha 2000" in variety of flavors including ginger, blueberry, and hemp. All were amazing! If I had to pick, my favorite flavor would be the ginger. They run about $4 a bottle but so good for you. This brand is offered raw, vegan and gluten free. I love Kombucha, although the taste is somewhat acquired and can be tangy, I recommend trying in one of these flavors, as the "twang" is not so harsh. Rejuvenates and invigorates your body naturally, not to mention regulates you. Seriously a breath of fresh air for the bod!There is an array of vitamins and minerals there. The owner seemed friendly and helpful. Doesn't mind answering any questions you may have.
1	My boyfriend and I recently stopped in just to check out the selection after being caught by the name "raw health".  I have been around natural health professionals my entire life. So being intrigued by the name and sign near the door stating it was also a spiritual center we walk in with smiles on our face expecting to be greeted by one of our own (kind people) instead there was a guy lounging and texting sending a really negative vibe out from the moment we walked in. He asked if we were looking for anything when I said I was just going to browse he went back to his phone and ignored us. My bf picked up a bottle of something he was interested in and asked if there were any smaller packages since another herb of the same brand Was found in a smaller one. He seemed really annoyed by the question and said "those are samples, you just want something free? What's there is there" after asking the price on the large bottle after looking all over for it he rudely said it was on the bottom of the bottle. Which it wasn't, but even if it had been anyone who works in customer service knows to never tell a customer to find something themselves. He was clearly no one I would want to take spiritual or health advise from. Nor would I want to support someone who claims to be a healer but radiates negativity. I'm assuming he was the owner but if he wasn't he should be fired.
1	I googled stores in Las Vegas to see who carries Quest bars and was happy to see that Raw Health carried them as I live one mile away. My happiness was short lived and here is why. I walked into the store to buy a few boxes of them and the owner (I met him before so I know who he is) was arguing with a bill collector over a $26.00 charge that was added to his bill. He then proceeded to look up at me and asked if there was anything he could do for me. I appreciated the question, but his tone was clearly belittling me. I decided to ask him my question anyway and the look that he gave me was that of a serial killer who wanted to kill. And to think all I did was ask him the amount of a few $30.00 boxes of protein bars. I would hate to know what would happen if I asked him about anything of substance. So much for supporting small business!
5	Rob is a genius and has helped improve my health tremendously! I have listened to his advice and it's worked without fail. He doesn't try to make money of of you either. They have a great selection. The customer service is outstanding!
1	I have to say that I am surprised by the positive reviews here, but I should also disclose that I don't lead the kind of lifestyle that I think makes up this business's target audience.  With that said, I went into this store about a month and a half ago because I needed some specific supplements.  It's a small space, but there's a lot of product, so I asked the guy who worked there where I could find what I was looking for.  From that point he was condescending and pushy piling things in my arms.  I took it all to the counter and couldn't believe how expensive it all was, but just paid for it to avoid interacting with him anymore.  I drove away feeling that I had been bullied.  When I got home I spent more time looking at the products, reading the provided information, and comparing it to what my doctor had recommended only to find that most of it did not meet my needs. They were too expensive to not return, but I really didn't want to go back for another interaction. I almost asked my husband to go return it for me, but I sucked it up and went in myself.  It wasn't as bad as I was anticipating.  I feel a little silly writing all of this, because I am not really a passive, delicate type, but I think it speaks to the nature of that guy.  If you run a shop like this, you should have the heart of a teacher and be inclusive, not condescending and shaming.
5	This store is amazing! I had the pleasure of meeting Rob and he helped me immensely. When I had questions or concerns he had absolutely no problem answering. He knew what I needed bu knowing minimal details. I would highly recommend this store to everybody! Truly wonderful!
5	Rob is both a good salesman and very knowledgeable in health/nutrition. I came in yesterday looking for a natural sleep aid and noted that I had tried and liked chamomile before, though he strongly suggested valerian, mentioning that he really liked it and strongly recommended it. The woman that mentioned feeling "bullied" I have a feeling must either be very passive or just bitter! Rob had strong opinions as to what would help me, and handed me a bottle or two for the sake of inspection, but never did I feel "bullied" into buying anything. Prices seem reasonable for a health store too!Tl;dr Rob knows his stuff, and if there's something in the shop that he thinks would help, I do believe he would make a highly educated recommendation with the customer, not the cash register, in mind.
3	Rob, the store's owner, reached out to me after another customer told him about my review.  I appreciate that he took the time to follow up with me.  As I mentioned in my previous review, I just don't feel that his products match my medical needs and/or lifestyle. I do believe that he is knowledgeable, but what I needed at the time was information and then some time to evaluate on my own instead of "take this and this."  I have updated my review to reflect his effort after the fact.  For some, the strong opinions and recommendations of a good salesman will meet their needs, but for bitter folks like myself, we like to collect information, compare and contrast, then make an educated decision.
5	Love this place. Rob is very helpful and informative. He takes time to listen to your needs and make suggestions as to what will be most helpful. Upon my second visit he made sure to follow up with me on what I had previously purchased to ensure everything is working out for me and luckily it is! The place is great! Thanks for all of your help Rob :-)
5	Rob and Blessie were Absolutely AMAZING! One of the best experiences I have ever had. They more than helped us and it was from a genuine place and from experience. I recommend everyone and all to go there. Pricing is awesome and they have a perks type card . honestly will never go anywhere else! Wealth of information beyond just wants in the store! Made my night !
5	Raw Health was such a great experience for me yesterday. Its less that 5 minutes from my house. The best experience and the most knowledgeable owner named Rob. Rob is very serious with 19 years of his continued research to help what ever needs that you have. I will be forever grateful for his personal attention, knowledge, and his recommendations. His prices are great and his shop is so soothing and relaxing.Las Vegas, has to come and visit this store if you are looking for someone with a vast knowledge to help you. I will make Raw Health my place to shop and will be glad to spread the word to all.Carol SheehanLas Vegas
4	Good guy who gets it. We all have a bad day. Support this guy and what he does.
5	Rob the owner is a G. He knows his nutrition and supplements. Great prices too! Located in the southwest side of town this nutrition store is worth the drive from anywhere in the city.
