5	This place is a gem! Was looking to get my BMW M6 lowered with H&R springs & get a front lip installed, was getting ridiculous quotes from other shops, I was recommended to call Jason at Parts Score, they got me in rite Way, charged me half what other shops were quoting & did an excellent job.What impressed me with this place is the attention to detail they pay..Jason the owner takes great pride in his work.These guys also do service on cars, I will be bringing my BMW here for all my service. Thanks for the great service & reasonable prices.
5	Awesome people, beautifully organized shop and very reasonable prices for good quality work. Can't say enough good things about Jason, who is extremely organized and meticulous. If you, like me- are particular and methodical, this is the place to come to for your car.
5	What can I say.. Parts Score has earned my trust 1000%. Jason is an extremely detail oriented person. His followup and documentation is unreal. His shop and work area is spotless and his work speaks for itself. Leah the shop manager follows up to provide updates and even emails you pictures of the progress! They snapped some teasers of my car before I was able to pick it up! Very cool and personable touch!Thus far he PartsScore has done performance mods for me: suspension (H&R coilovers), APR stage I/II, and some custom exhaust fabrication when aftermarket parts were not readily available . Also check with him before you order and European parts, he could of gotten me a better deal on some of my hardware. He will also be taking over the general maintenance for my car as he cannot be beat in terms of service cost compared to the dealer plus its always awesome to see what else they are working on back there. I have seen some wicked BMW M's and even Audi R8's getting full performance treatments. I recently learned they accept warranties too. Knock on wood I don't need it but if I do, Jason and the team at Part Score will definitely hear from me. Thanks for taking care of not only me but also my VW CC. You guys are the best!
5	PartsScore built my fully custom Volkswagen Cabrio show car from the ground up.  Jason and Leah are a great team with such creative minds and are totally customer oriented.  Their pricing is very reasonable, the quality of work is truly exceptional, and the attention to the small details just isn't found elsewhere, especially in this type of business.From basic maintenance to full customization of parts, PartsScore seems to do it all, in reasonable time and at reasonable prices.Rarely do you run across small businesses that actually enjoy their work. PS definitely loves their work and the cleanliness and organization of their shop shows that.I 1,000000% recommend them for your European car service needs or performance part installation.
5	Where can I start... Well as a female going to an auto repair shop is something we always dread! We're always afraid to get ripped off or taken advantage of! I recently bought myself a new car and was told by a friend to have Parts Score check it out that they are awesome, reliable, and priced well. I made my appointment and told Jason and Leah my concerns. Jason did a full inspect of my vehicle, oil change, and made recommendations for repairs. He fully explained his findings and did not make me feel dumb, and in a way so I would fully understand. There was no pressure, there were options, and priced extremely well.  You can tell that they are passionate about what they do. I almost wish I had a nicer car so they can do all those fancy tricks and modifications. HA! I am lucky to have found such an amazing shop that will take care of me and anyone I refer to them. And more importantly, as a woman I will highly recommend Parts Score to all my friends and clients for hassle free-worry free-awesome service. I can't thank them enough for that piece of mind!
5	I can't give enough praise to this shop and it's owners; it is hands down the best shop in the Valley when it comes to servicing European vehicles! I was fortunate enough to come across Parts Score when I purchased a set of coilovers from the owner Jason. Since then, I've taken my 2011 GTI here for all of my routine maintenance and performance additions and modifications. The work is completed in what can only be described as 'expert perfectionism', and at a very fair price point compared to other shops and dealerships. Customer service from both Jason and Leah (who runs the front end of the business) is always over the top, which is honestly what compels me to keep coming back again and again. As long as I live in AZ, this is the only shop that will be taking care of my baby!VW, AUDI, BMW, etc. car owners all around the Valley: this is the shop for you, you will not be disappointed!
