2	Not sure how to rate this place. I tried to order breakfast based on other people in my office. I ran into a little snag, the menu I have for them doesn't list their phone number. Only a web address! Get this the website is down under construction! How do you print menu's with no phone number and only a web address that is under construction? I could not find a number on the web either. Before coming here I called the Tempe location they didn't know the number either nor did they care to try and get it for me they hung up! Bad business. So as of right now I cannot rate the food only the sucky service. I doubt I will be trying the food after this fiasco!
4	The convenience, speed, service, price, selection, and taste that you expect from your favorite lunch spots.  It is your standard sandwich/salad fare but the menu is inclusive enough for most tastes.  A welcome addition to the neighborhood.If it is any consolation to Kerstin B, their new to go menu has a current phone number.
4	Eating one of their Santa Barbara Veggie burgers right now. Love the chipolte dressing on it.  Yummy!  Great large menu.  Fun group of guys working behind the counter...full of enthusiasm and personality!Best part:  They sell New Leaf Tea....I didn't think you could get that here as I've only seen it available on the East coast!
4	Great place with a personal touch! The owners always remember my name- and the food is very good as well. I've only had their breakfast, and need to try lunch here.  It is a very clean and well-maintained place to go, and the prices are reasonable. The Esplanade needed other alternatives to Starbucks and this restaurant really fits the bill. Recommended!
4	I've tired CMD for breakfast times and have had several different sandwhichs for lunch. I call ahead and have never been told more than 5 minutes. The orders are always ready for pick-up. I think they've done a good job of engaging thier patrons on a personal level. Its a definite plus to the complex. I also think they have a nice variety of sandwichs as well. Great inputs: Boar's Head.
3	This place is new in the area, and has a lot of potential.  I unfortunately had to witness business practices of theirs that was not at all professional. They try to compete with the Starbuck's next to them when they should be working together. Sandwiches and coffee are not the same thing, an indirect market to be competing with.  Sorry to tell them, Seattle's Best IS Starbucks! *Shakes Head* One of these days I'll go back and try their food again because it's not bad, it's the service and their business approach.
5	I've stopped in the Esplanade shop a number of times.  These guys do a great job - excellent sandwiches served quickly and reasonably priced.  If you go in there more than once they'll probably know your name by the second visit.
5	LOVE their Chicago Dog!  The food is well priced and made well, the breads, meats and veggies are wonderful.  The service has never been bad, and always friendly.   If you like meat and even not, there are salads, skip Paradise across the street and try this instead!
5	Always the best, quick service , great food
1	Very disappointing. I had a veggie sandwich... or maybe they should have called it the low cal Air Sandwich. There was nothing on it. A single slice of cucumber, a single lettuce leaf... come on, really? I wouldn't haven't order something with bread I was Twiggy (skinny super model for those who don't know). And they were really cheap on the sprouts too. Wildflower, etc stacks their veggies with... well, veggies, of course! 7 dollars. Suck. I should have taken it back and just pretended to have lunch.
2	The Owner and Employees are nice people, but there is definitely an advantage for City Market 2 being located in a corporate building because they can charge ridiculous prices for the convenience. I try to avoid ordering from them as much as possible. This morning I ordered an Americano (1 shot espresso and water) and a cheese Danish and it was 5.50. The Danish was a few days old because it was hard as a brick and was uneatable. I will seriously never, ever order for them again.
2	The Good: sandwiches are mostly very quality and are made quickly. Not crazy about the Tuna salad - too rich. Same goes for the Chicken salad sandwich. The beef sandwiches are really good. Not so good: they seem to have a high turnover rate for employees. The man who seems to be managing is more often than not engaged in loud conversations with vendors and other people. He is often arguing with people related to the Esplanade management. It does not create a pleasant ambience. I am fed up with this guy and will not be back.
3	OK so today someone in my office brought me a sandwich from City Market Deli. It was the Santa Fe Club. Oven Gold Turkey, Bacon, Avocado, Lettuce, Tomato, Alfalfa Sprouts, Chipotle Mayo served on Our Toasted Multi-Grain Bread.The bread is very good and the sandwich has a good amount of flavorful turkey. The chipotle mayo has just the right amount of heat. Overall a very tasty sandwich!
5	Quick, fast and delish.  Love this place!
1	I work in the CenturyLink building in Phoenix where CMD is located.  For one, the food is mediocre at best.  The prices are outrageous and the staff is rude.  When I say rude it is an understatement.  Not a single person that works there has ever been friendly.  If I didn't work in the building and have to show any type of professionalism I would have told the hag behind the counter exactly what I thought of her. I have no idea who they think they are since it's the patrons that ultimately pay their salary but I will not be going back.  Food is subpar and services SUCKS!!!
3	They just opened at Biltmore Commerce Center and it is very convenient. Some items are good others just meh. Each day they have a roast beef, turkey or ham sandwich for $4.99. They're delicious and filling. However, today the bread (two different kinds of bread) were stale, stale, stale. It's Monday, so I'm guessing they're left over from last week. Otherwise a good place.
4	Highly convenient if you are in the Portales Business Center in Scottsdale. FREE delivery to any office for any amount of food in the 2 building complex rain or shine, early or late. I ordered a cheese danish for $1.50 and got it delivered. That kind of service is rare and worth this review.The food menu is very reasonable. My lunch with combo is never over $10/day. I cannot speak for the coffee side since I dont drink coffee. But the overall atmosphere, the quickness of the ordering and giving and the general inexpensive without eating crap is really great. If you are coming through Scottsdale during the day and looking for a gem with good food and solid prices this is a nice change.
5	Awesome awesome food , great service, Nick is so accommodating and he is always so gracious. thank you for great food and service!
5	It is lunchtime. I want it to taste good, be served quick, and priced so I can come here everyday. Look no further than City Market Deli. Randy Kasab is the man and the selection is so large you'll never have the same thing twice. No other place to lunch like this in Biltmore.
5	I. Just. LOVE this place! I work in the building upstairs and often grab a sandwich here for lunch. They are quick, friendly and although I think their sandwiches are just a smidge over priced--I buy them anyways because THEY ARE SO GOOD! If you're in the mood for a cold sandwich, I recommend the Little Italy-It's an Italian sandwich and if you're in the mood for something hot, go with the Liberty Bell or the Detroit Roast Beef Dip- Yum-O! They also have wraps and great salads (grab a Greek salad with their amazing feta Greek dressing-I buy the dressing in little cups and put it on EVERYTHING when I cook at home). There is a soup of the day and they also have super large fountain drinks for under two bucks. Their breakfast is great too and if you don't see something you're wanting on the menu, just ask Randy and he'll likely put it together for you if it's not too big a request (My boss often just wants scrambled eggs, bacon and toast, so they whip that up for her in a jiff). Seriously, this place is amazing!
5	Ok.So I had a review on here yesterday because I was in a pissy mood and kind of upset about other stuff and sorta took it out on City Market - SORRY! But today RANDY came to me and we cleared it up.IF YOU EVER EVER EVER HAVE ANY PROBLEM EVER, ask for Randy. He is amazing and will do whatever needs to be done to fix your issue.They run a great place here.They have great food, great service and ... what else can I say?Go here. Eat Good. Be Satisfied.HI RANDY!!
2	Bacon on breakfast sandwich tasted weird, how can you mess up bacon? Ordered from an unfriendly person.  Thought I'd try something different, but I won't be going back. There are so many other great restaurants in this area, I was bummed!
5	The nicest young woman works there and she is a delight to see. Plus, their food is high quality.
5	Just had their Brie and Mushroom soup. AMAZING! It was exactly what I wanted!! Once again, great food, great service! Keep up the good work guys!
4	Good food, albeit slightly overpriced. I recommend trying the LA wrap. I've had their salads and I think the chicken they use is gross. But most everything else they have is worth a try. Don't bother coming if you don't work nearby. Its good for the office folk but not worth the hassle and drive if it is not by your place of business.
2	Meh...I kinda don't understand how this place got such a high review average. The food is mediocre, at best. It's definitely overpriced for what you get. The workers there kind of have a "whatever" type attitude. I know I ordered a sandwich as a combo. I noticed after the fact that with the combo you get your choice of side. She didn't even ask me what I wanted so I walked back up to the counter to tell her which side I wanted. When my food was ready (stupid me) I didn't check it until after I got back to work and saw the side which I was supposed to get wasn't there. So I paid almost $12 for a small drink and a bland sandwich. Awesome. And I wasn't going to go back just for the side. I'll just write if off as a reason to not go back.
3	Food is pretty good, though it's hit or miss. I've had food that's awesome, and I've had food that's meh. A little pricey for what you actually get as well. Great service though and the manager is awesome.
