3	So I got a a little card while at ASU today that advertised a free smoothie. I was really hungry, so I decided to get one here.... I mean it's free right? So I get there and it is not really what I expected. The place is a 'club' for weight management. I don't know if it works or not, but they have a wall of pictures of people who have lost weight... there's just no proof it came from patronizing this business. The deal is you pay 5$ and get three drinks, a 'hydrating' aloe mango drink (which tasted pretty good), an 'energizing and calorie burning' tea (which was also pretty good), and a 'filling, but only 200 calorie' smoothie (which tasted kind of like it came from a powder... which it did). So going here is kind of an event and takes awhile, which I wasn't expecting. However, the owner, Carlos, is super nice and his whole family seems to work there. He explained everything to me and talked to me about myself and his business. So overall it was ok, it just takes longer than I would normally want to wait to get a drink and the smoothie was not so good.... I was expecting fresh fruit or something. Oh well, I would probably go by there again if I felt like getting a relatively filling smoothie.
5	This smoothie experience is awesome! i do agree i wish there was real fruit but the business probably has reasons for keeping the shakes in powder form. they have over 25 flavors of "dolish" tasting shakes! they are NOT open until 7, only 6 and 4 on the weekends but aside from the wrong office hours lol you can't beat the service. You will always feel welcomed and appreciated. and yeah you can really get very healthy by using these shakes, tea, and aloe as a meal replacement. The aloe is so healthy for anyone's body and taste great, the tea helps you burn calories while also being amazing, and finally the flavors are great, they can taste powdery but i will usually ask for an extra pump of flavor and it taste amazing. you should try it out if you haven't yet and when you do you may get hooked! especially if you realize how positively it can impact you :)
5	Great place to hangout and drink an awesome shake!! Shout-out to my coach Brett and his awesome family who all work here! Great service for cheap
5	I love Nutrition 101! The Smith family make it easy to feel good about yourself! I know lots of people think that they are just trying to fill their pockets but they are truely into changing the eating habits of society today. I am always there on the weekends because it is just fun to hang out and socialize. Oh and the owner is Maurice, not Carlos. Lots of people assume before actually giving them a chance. Come in and see what you get out of your visit!
5	With a degree and background in health and wellness, I have tried way too many health fads. Whether its for an assignment when I was in school, or for my own personal use, I have seen a lot up to now in the diet scene. Well, I can now tell you unequivocally that Nutrition 101 has by far the best health program available for anyone out there....period.  I originally came off the street, and throughout my time here, eventually lost almost 18 lbs through just being a consistent customer and eventually purchasing some of the products they use in-house. My fiance has done even better, she lost over 20 lbs on the same product.What is it? They make the healthiest shakes around. Using soy-based meal shakes, they fill you up on the spot with a 20 oz shake. These are protein based shakes, but honestly, they have so much more added in. There are no fillers, ask to see one of their canisters and you will see the ingredients. No smoke or mirrors, its pretty simple, it fills you up and does it the right way. You will also get a cold or hot herbal tea, which is now my daily coffee....Yea thats right, I don't drink coffee anymore. The tea is packed with energy, haha! With all this said, just go in!!!! It's 6 bucks, and you will be filled to the brim for hours, rather than sulking around with a burger in your belly. Try them, tell them I sent ya too, they love when I refer people... Try it, you will get hooked like me.
4	Good shakes & great place to get health coaching. I would still consider One-Stop to be the best place in Arizona for protein shakes or health products, but this is another great option. I like the shot of Aloe that comes with every shake for hydration and the tea, which is designed to speed up your metabolism. That's different than your typical shake place, and they provide health coaching if you need it. The ambiance isn't the greatest, but I'm not really looking for that when I need a quick shake.
5	Well, it's a great location.  I just happened to walk in because I'm always in search of good "nutrition" Plus it's right near a Hummus place.  Went in - love the "Shot of Aloe",  "Fat-Burning, Energy Giving Tea and was ok with the "Soy"-based smoothie shake.  But now they have a Pea+Sesame protein shake that while it's a little less dense and grainier; it's perfect for me because I had been taught not to eat soy.  Turns out that this 3 part service actual burns calories and helps beat the heat!M-W-F @ 6:30 am +6 pm they lead FREE BOOT CAMPS. Therefore, no one has to chose financially between proper nutrition and group exercise.  They also upgraded, painted, re-decorated A FEW WEEKS AGO.  Looks much Better!  I go 2-5 times per wk. and hope to carve out time to attend a 4-wk B-camp soon.  Not far from ASU and they sometimes do workout events by "A" mountain.  All + all-A great way to beat the Freshman 15 and be around positive people too. I also plan to purchase the protein powder, and aloe so I wont have to continue eating the actual aloe leaf from Food City to get the benefits.  Well, that's it!  Brett, is my actual coach when I go in, Jesus "works there", Maurice, and Sandra are all very nice as well as the rest of the siblings and other coaches that work there.
2	I mean, wierd. It looks closed from the outside. For a newbie, it took a little too long to get acknowledged but whatever, no bigs. They went through the concept of it, I guess the deal is you get two drinks with your purchase a shot of some Aloe Herbalife solution that's supposed to make you healthy (energy shot?) - You can do the shot straight or in a 12 oz iced tea.  Your second drink is a shake, pick your flavor they have about 20 if I recall.  No real fruit smoothies, no milk, or milk alternative ingredients, just water and their Herbalife powders.   I got the cake batter which turns out is the vanilla and the cookies & cream powders combined. $6, two drinks. It was yummy :). There are tables and a weird lounge area. Seems they have a bunch of regulars. Who knows. Will I come back?  If I'm in a "stick up my ass, skinny bitch mode" looking for a liquid lunch, meh- sure.   I do think one's better off just buying your Herbalife powders and packing a shaker for the office. Odd concept, whatevs Herbalife shake, $3 "healthy aloe shot" tea end a $3 Herbalife shake. Idk....
2	Two issues with this place:First, this is basically a store-front version of Isogenix/Body By Vi/Shakeology/P90x etc etc. No, it's not the same company (that I know of), but it's certainly the exact same idea. I thought this was a smoothie place (like Jamba Juice) and it is not.It's a meal-replacement shake place or a workout shake place with addon programs.Everything is based on sign ups, before and after photos, and so on.It's rather faddish if you ask me, and somewhat deceptive if you're given a "free smoothie" card on the street. This place screams MLM, or, if you prefer, "network marketing." I thought I was going to a health-food like smoothie bistro, but maybe that's my bad. I won't hold that against them.Second, the place is a wreck of boxes and marketing material all over the store, and the worse, it's not that clean. The bathroom was filthy, and the rest of the store wasn't much cleaner. I'm hoping they washed their hands. Please God, let them have washed their hands before making my shake.The tea is average, nothing terrible, nothing outstanding.The shake is a powdered shake, with reasonable flavor for a powdered shake.That being said, I'm not going back. If I want a healthy shake I want real fruit and juice in it, not powder, and I don't need a workout plan that I pay for.If I need a powdered shake mix, I'll buy it online for a lot less.
5	I was looking for a juice bar and stumbled upon nutrition 101! It was such an awesome experience and everyone there was really nice! Kat was very helpful and told me about the different products they had and informed me of the many activities that they have. I will be going there on my lunch breaks often!
4	Good juice bar, but they try to sell you when you go in. Drinks are good, tons of quantity for the price.
2	This place is really strange. I received a free smoothie card which brought me here. They are not smoothies though. Smoothies have fruit and delicious ingredients. These are protein shakes made with water and powder. Yuck. Everyone who works there wants to talk to you. Very awkward. I'm giving two stars only because I didn't have to pay for this dismal experience.
4	Great shakes
5	First time in the other day, wasn't  to sure what to expect and honestly  when i first walked in wasnt to sure about the place but ended up really loving it. The person working could  tell me and my girlfriend were 1st timers and walked us threw  everything. She was very knowledgeable about  her stuff, and the tea and smoothie were both really good, especially for 6 bucks . What i liked most though  is it seemed like they actually really care about health and nutrition  and not just tryin to a bunch of smoothies
5	Very neat family business that I happened to stop by while on the road from the airport.  They promote formulas towards healthier lifestyles and provide coaching to help you get there.  Their teas and smoothies are very tasty and affordable and the family is very kind to talk to.  Definitely a business that I'll visit again and support.
