4	I'll always have a special place in my heart for Vistal, as it's the first place where I ever broke 90 on the golf course.  Of course, I went out in 37 (and was practically shaking at the turn, thinking I'd break 90 and 80 at the same time), however I collapsed in spectacular fashion, coming back in in 52 and making a 6 footer on 18 to save 89.  Nonetheless, it's a solid course for the price, which is inexpensive, and it's usually not that hard to get a tee time here.  Not the hardest course in the world, but be warned that there are about a bazillion fairway bunkers here, so hit 'em straight, would ya!
5	First hole in one on #3. I'll always love you Vistal.
3	For the price, this is a great course. At $48 bucks in March, this course offers many difficult challenges, but also the fun of wide fairways and the beauty of the mountains and Phoenix in the background. There are a few water hazards and tricky bunkers. There are also many cactus to look at and has the desert feel.It could be maintained a little better and the day we came, which was early Sunday morning, they were a little behind, thus the 3 stars.
4	I'm a big fan of this course. I can't think of a course in town that is a better value than Vistal. Their rates are cheap all throughout the year and it's a fun course to play.It's not in the best neighborhood and I'm sure most Scottsdale and North Phoenix golfers don't come down here very often, but I guess that helps keep the rates down for the rest of us.There are no houses on the course, it's right at the foot of the mountain, and it has some great views of the valley. There are some really fun holes out there, plenty of birdie chances, but some tough holes too. Vistal isn't as well maintained as some of the high-end courses, but it's definitely in good enough shape for the price. I played today and the tees and green had been overseeded and were looking good, but the fairways and rough are dormant right now. Personally, I like this and think more courses in the desert should do this to save water (but that's another discussion for another time) but some people may not like it. It's certainly playable, though.All in all, I highly recommend the course for anyone looking for a good deal. You will always get your money's worth here.
3	I went out last saturday and had an good experience.  There was no bev. cart lady, the greens had been recently worked but for 20 bucks the price was right.
4	Amazing course, With the highest value in the valley, the views and the course layout is close to perfect.  I rate this as a course that prides its self on the quality and humbles its self, it does not feel like you need to have a mililion dollars to play actually in the summer its under $14 with a cart!!Driving Range and one of the best Views of Phoenix from the South Side.
4	A friend of mine invited me to play with him and some friends a few weeks ago.  I couldn't pass up the opportunity and made some time for golf.  For $47 per person, this was a great value.The greens and fairways were in good condition and they didn't cram a lot of people onto the golf course, so the pace of play was just right.  There are some great views of Phoenix on certain holes.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/n812L7Mz4104bQ5Goo7yQg?select=3xxxtMpGNa92_YOiw_iiYAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/n812L7Mz4104bQ5Goo7yQg?select=yfSunO5v545PZhuraFLbFgThere's a menu board at the 9th hole tee box to order food to be ready at the turn, which is a huge convenience.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/n812L7Mz4104bQ5Goo7yQg?select=s7_UPH3z_4TCSMB8xSBEygAnother plus is that the beverage cart comes around often....:)For the average golfer, this is a fun track.  Not sure it's challenging enough for the low handicap golfer.  Since I'm just an average golfer, I found it to be a good time.  The only knock is the location.....in the old Southern part of Phoenix near Baseline & 7th St.Return Factor - 75%
1	Easily the worse course I have played in Phoenix. The round was 5+ hours and the fairways look like a fire had just been put out. The starter was awful and didn't even tell me who I was paired up with and when I was teeing off. There is a reason why the website has a digital flyby and the rate is so cheap. Save yourself the trouble and pay the extra $20 to play a better course.
1	Played this course today, course was in ok shape.  There is no sand in bunkers, but I guess if you don't it into them you shouldn't have to worry. There was no ranger on course at time s there was 3 foursomes on same hole led to 6 hour round.  If they are going to allow this slow pace make the cart girl work all day only saw her once on front side.  I do not recommend this course.
4	Not the best conditions but a great course with excellent views.
3	Nice staff, nice price,nice views ! Course was in good shape. Greens a lil bumpy but playable. Plus I beat Tyler C for $10 on back 9.
4	This is a potentially great course that only suffers from the fact that it is way out of the way and lacks the pristine treatment of the $150 courses.  This course will eat you up, although it is not plagued by the Snottsdale niceties...no restaurant with $5 beers.  For the 7 handicap, try to shoot 75 without blaming the conditions.  And all for less than 30 bucks.  Suck it up.
5	My son and I flew down from the Bay Area for two rounds of golf and a Giants Spring Training game.  In planning the 3 day trip, I found Vistal and decided to play our first round there.  We could have not been happier.  We were able to play as a twosome, and there weren't many people on the course, even on a Saturday, so our pace was very enjoyable. The course was in very good shape and was challenging enough for any level of golfer and has some fantastic views. The facility plays pop/rock music (not too loud) around the driving range and restaurant which was enjoyable. Driving range balls were included in the green fees.  The staff were fantastically friendly and accommodating. Value for the dollar was well worth it and we would definitely play Vistal again on a future visit.
3	I was extremely disappointed with how dry this course is at the moment. Tee boxes are in good condition, fairways are dried out and greens are beyond dried out! Someone please water this course!!! The layout of this course is so perfect! Greens are guarded by bunkers, some water hazards, and desert landscaping outside of the fairways. Last year at this time this course was in excellent shape with fairways with green grass and receptive greens. Hopefully this course gets it together soon!
4	$15 for summer rate?! Great golf course. What you imagine about desert golf is here. Just bring lots of water or gatorade to stay hydrated. Maybe even a wet towel, ice and water to keep yourself cool.
5	...excellent course, price is very good, love the lay out and the par 3s....will definitely come back often and bring friends...
2	We were told this course was in great shape, then we arrive to notice after hole #1 that the course isn't even real grass. It's Bermuda grass which is far more difficult to shoot off of. Other than that it was pretty open and forgiving if you were to push one to the right our hook to the left. Also very confusing to drive on the cart paths if you have never played there before. They need much better signage.
