3	Corny?  CheckModerately priced?CheckUnique?CheckSomething to do in Vegas that doesn't require a high level of debauchary?CheckAnnoying Borg dude hanging around?CheckSo we didn't actually do the full experience thing, but we did stop by the bar/restaurant area for a little bit just to check it out.Not bad.... not great.  They have some peeps in character walking around, and the borg dude was just plain annoying, and not even to anyone in our group.Sure... it's worth the stop on by, but maybe the people that run the place should think of other ways of making it a "memorable" experience than having some big dude dressed in a rubber suit annoy the crap out of you or people around you while you are trying to relax.
3	Dude, This place is all about the atmosphere. Star Trek: Movies, episodes, and documenteries playing on plasmas over the bar, nerds and geeks unite, we have a place to party all night !  There are staff members in costumes that walk around and say things like "illogical", or "affrimative", yeah... it's cool.  The warp core is a fat ass bowl of liquor. You will de-stabilize if you drink one. The food sucks dirty Klingon ass. Don't order anything on the menu except maybe salads or fries.Other than that I LOVE THIS PLACE.
5	Let me start with this "im not by any means a star trek fan"This place ist fun for sitting at the bar and grabbing a few fun snacks. Please try the pipius and claw and onion rings, also try tamerain frost or the captain holiday drinks.. Im english so we dont expect much but the service is always great and drinks are cool..
4	Every time I go to Vegas, I have to go to Quark's for a Warp Core Breach, ie: the fishbowl sized beverage which you are required to have a friend share with you.  Also, it's in the Hilton, so you can go upstairs before and/or after your fishbowl and play some $2 blackjack.  The food is just meh, the onion rings are good, but it's really the drinks I always go for.  We stopped here for a bachelorette party once and the bartender made us all these really fun shots (complete with bartender Flair) and bought us a few rounds, too.Minus one star for the extremely in-character Star Trek actors who always either sneak up on me and scare the crap out of my drunk ass, or hit on me (what is the name of the pervy Star Trek character with big ears??), scaring the crap out of my drunk ass.
5	Not into Star Trek.  I have never watched more than 1/2 of one single episode.  However, I do enjoy a lot of other sci-fi stuff.  I loved this place.  I love the spaceship design and attention to detail. They have actors that have real Star Trek costumes.  The cast walks around the restaurant never leaving character.  The Quark guy sat at my table and talked about his life for several minutes.  Cracked me up.  The lighting in this place is kinda dark.  When I wasn't paying attention, a Klingon lady peeked at me from the side of my booth.  I don't get scared easy, but she was fierce!  She agreed to pics! Great Star Trek themed drinks (high alcohol content)!Went back for dinner another time and everyone enjoyed their meals.  Good food.
4	To be honest, I wasn't really looking forward to going here. Let's be honest, the Hilton is your old man's hotel & it's way off the strip. I went so I could be around my friends and catch up, and also to satisfy curiosity. I gotta say, I was impressed with how detailed the place was. Between the decor and the roaming characters from the show, it was pretty immersive. Our group shared the Warp Core Breach, one of the $30 drinks. If I was alone, I wouldn't pay it, but split between six people, it was reasonable and delicious! I had the prime rib & I had a taste of the flaming ribs thing, both were very good. I also tried the pasta dish & chicken dish, both were lacking & not worth the price. I reccomend splurging at this place if you want your money's worth. The beer is also good, they have mostly microbrews on tap & they're $5 each. I guess eating off the strip has its rewards ;)Despite my hesitation, this place was well worth it. I only took a star off because of the location and prices of meals.  As other yelpers have said: whether you're a trekkie or not, you'll like this place.
5	OMG!  Okay this is an odd one cause well I am not a Trekkie at all but hey I was staying at the Hilton and there was this bar so we had to drink at the home base.  Anyway, the first time we went we needed to stop and rest and grab a bite to eat.  After we played a little black jack at the $10 tables.   I know I am building up the suspense but honestly I never thought I could have so much fun in a Trekkie bar.  We met some really nice people along with the staff. We even met a few weird characters from the show.  Who by the way freaked me out, intrigued me and made me almost pee my pants!  They never break character!  Trust me we tried!  We got some apps and had a Borg Spear. I highly recommend this potent drink.  I am not sure if it is the booze or the dry ice that had me at hello.  These drinks we very yummy and put all of us right on our ass.  The next time we left the Bellagio and take a cab over to this spot just to sip on a Borg Spear.  If I could I would give this spot one of those sweet Trekki na noo na noo hand singles 5X over.
4	I was here for a wedding reception, so perhaps this was not the "normal" Quark's experience, but it was a lot of fun.  They served a choice of three entrees, Romulan Warbird, 24th Century Surf and Turf, and a vegetarian choice (pasta primavera).The pasta was tasty, though could have had more garlic (I always want more garlic), and the surf and turf looked like a big juicy hunk of meat with some stuffed shrimp.  I didn't get a look at the chicken/warbird.They had an open bar, including all the weird Trek-themed cocktails, so there were a lot of fishbowls filled with booze and dry ice wandering around.  The drinks were tasty, and entertaining on their own.The room we were in for the reception was sort of Trek-themed like the downstairs, but not as over the top, unfortunately, but the occasional visits from a Ferengi and the appearance of a female Klingon warrior (who was apparently hunting the Ferengi) set the mood.Definitely a good place to have a "Vegas" wedding reception if you have geek friends, it was great.
4	Get your Geek on at Quark's!  The food is average, but good.  The highlight of this quirky theme restaurant is the large alcoholic beverages you can get (Warp Core Breach or Borg Sphere).  If you get the regular size, prepare to share with at least one other person.  My friend and I each had a mini (5 fl 0z of alcohol each!) and were happily glazed over by the end of dinner.Although I haven't been a real fan in a long time, it was fun to relive my childhood.
4	So enjoyable, you get to have the ultimate Star Trek experience to the max! Eat and drink at Quarks, then do the Star Trek experience. My boyfriend and I are huge Next Generation fans so a trip to Vegas would not be complete without making it over to the Hilton. Quarks was fun, themed all the way. I felt as though I was on a space station [almost.] We had drinks first I had a Riker Rita (a beautiful bright turquoise drink with multicolored salt on the rim, so cute! He had a Romulan Ale, a blue/green beer. The drinks were really good and the menu was fun to browse because it was so out there. Then we had a Kahless, which was a chicken Caesar salad and extremely delicious. Then we ordered a Smorgasborg, awesome presentation and delicious snacks. We just ordered two things, one that was an appetizer and we couldn't finish. We can eat and it was way too much food. Another plus was the small bill, the price was surprisingly reasonable for what we got. Taking pictures with Klingon's is pretty awesome too!
4	The Star Trek experience wouldn't be complete without a meal at this themed restaurant.  Long line, but the food was good.  Not a 'have to go whenever I'm in Vegas' place, but it was still fun seeing once.  It's definitely a restaurant that depends on the theme.I didn't order any, but the drinks looked very cool.  Maybe if we weren't there for lunch time I would have gotten one.  I had the Moogie's Choice Pasta - creamy parmesan sauce with chicken.  It was pretty good. Over all, if you're not a fan of the Star Trek series, then I would just skip this restaurant and go enjoy the Experience on its own.  But as a fan, I feel this restaurant completed the day for me.
5	I spend a lot of time in bars (maybe I shouldn't say that..) but one of the best times I've ever had in a bar was, hands down, my trip to Quark's.While I'm not a huge Trekkie, I did love Deep Space Nine and enjoyed Voyager quite a bit.  I even watched Enterprise when it came out, though mostly because Scott Bakula was in it.We happened to be in Vegas the weekend of the Star Trek convention, so coming to Quark's was even more of an experience since, in addition to the people that worked there being dressed in Trekkie outfits, most of the patrons were too.We ordered the Holy Rings of Betazed to split amongst the table and they were delicious.  After that, the trip is a little bit fuzzy since I started drinking their yummy Acturian Fizzes (Lemon Rum, 151 Rum, lemonade and strawberry puree) and drank them steadily for the next five or six hours.Being pretty geeky myself, a large part of the reason I came here was for my Hot Nerd Quest.  I remember telling one of the actors that came to our table dressed as a Romulan about this.  When she asked if I was armed for my quest, I pointed to my substantial cleavage in a low cut shirt, and she cocked her eyebrow and said, "Indeed."A friend that was with me and well past the tipsy point, was fascinated with the Borg and kept asking him if he was anatomically correct, to which he replied, "Interface would be successful."It's also a plus that this place is located on the monorail, making it easy to get to, especially if you've been drinking steadily.Between the characters in costume, the bar that looked just like Quark's in Deep Space Nine, and the tasty onion rings and even tastier drinks, I will definitely be coming here every time that I'm in Vegas, especially if the Star Trek convention is in town.  Honestly, I wish there was one of these in my own town.  I'd be there a lot.  Probably too much.
4	So I didn't actually eat here.  But I did walk through it and thought it was pretty neat!  The decor was intense, complete with the option to buy Klingon Blood Wine and Romulan Ale.  When I went the place was empty and the girl I was with wasn't about to let us have dinner there.  Ah well, perhaps on my next trip to Vegas.
1	I'm not a HUGE Star Trek fan, but thought it may be fun to eat here based on my mothers experience there a few years ago.  BIG mistake.  We went in there about 8pm on a slooow night.  There were a handful of tables, and our table of 3.  We were seated promptly and drink orders taken right away, thus the 1 star.  From there, it all fell apart.  My mother and sister split fish and chips, and I got a sandwich and fries.  We ordered our food and sat chatting for a bit.  Then we realized, it had been 25 minutes since we ordered.  Then 30 mins.  Then 35 mins.  Then 40 minutes.  Did you have to find a river to pull the fish out?  Did you have to drive to the farm to get the potatoes for my fries?  Our waitress was no where to be found.  People who arrived after us were getting their food.  Finally our waitress made an appearance, but not at our table.  I saw her look over with an "oh crap" look on her face.  Then another 10 minutes later, our food came out.  I think she forgot our order, and rather than come tell us, she avoided us and then brought our food out later.  The food was mediocre at best, and definitely NOT worth the 45-50 minute wait for it after ordering.  Our waitress never came back to refill our drinks either.  Not once.  Needless to say, she didn't get a big tip, and we will never go back there again.
4	As an uber-Trekkie, I had to try Quark's when I went to Star Trek the Experience. How could I not!? It is a great place with costumed characters having fun with the diners. When I was there, a Borg was walking around and he was having a lot of fun screwing with everybody. The food is OK, but it didn't blow me out of the water. The Warp Core Breach (complete with dry ice to make it smoke) on the other hand is amazing. The small one is great for 2-3 people and the full sized one for bigger groups. They also have Romulan Ale and Klingon Blood Wine if you are not in the mood for a huge drink.
2	I stopped in for a drink while killing time between some of the other attractions in Star Trek The Experience. Romulan Ale is just blue beer. I'd hoped they'd come up with an interesting flavor. Given that the characters in the show defy the law to drink it, you'd think it must taste pretty amazing, but no, it tastes like popular cheap brand name beer you can buy anywhere.The decor isn't pleasant. I'm not sure why anyone would want to sit around with a bunch of lumenglasses everywhere, in a darkish, noisy environment. And it's not like there's a big party all the time either.I personally found the guys wandering around in alien costumes pretending to be real aliens to be cheezy.
2	After the Star Trek Experience, we stopped in for drinks. There was a wedding reception that day, so the lone Borg on the floor spent his time chaperoning guests where they needed to go, and never stopped by our group. (Appropriately, it was a themed wedding. Comically, the guests were anything BUT Trek characters; it was cool seeing Darth Vader - escorted by two troopers - and a guy with an Alien popping out of his chest walking around.)Wasn't a fan of the standard employee uniform: bowling shirts with "Quark's" emblazoned on. Our bartender was pretty blah, and not terribly present, amazing considering how empty it was (though it was the afternoon and this spot is off the Vegas strip).The themed menu was annoying, as one can only read bad puns for so long before getting disgusted. Prices were so-so, beer being cheaper than hard liquor, as expected. Took a "Cardassian" shot which was tasty but not too potent, since it seemed to be only a small sampling of a drink.I want to like Quark's, but the lack of service, attention, and creativity during my time there make them hard to recommend. However, your mileage (hopefully) will vary.
4	I've been to Quark's twice, most recently taking some friends who had never been and were up for something different.  If you are (like me) a Trek fan, or just (like my friends) up for something different, this is a nice place to have a meal.  The decor and theme are unique, and the Star Trek references in the menu are cute.  The food is good, relatively inexpensive, and many have a twist that makes them a bit different from the average menu.  I enjoy the Flaming (literally!) Ribs of Targ and the blue Romulan Ale.  Service is good (but not exceptional).The only real downside I've experienced is that I find the mingling Trek characters a bit embarassing and annoying.   But that's a minor complaint.  As someone else said, this isn't a "must go" place, but it is a bit of fun once in a while.
1	Ok, before you read on, please know that I am indeed a Star Trek fan- a big one. And that is one main reason I am about to TRASH this place.Ok, so we were greeted by 3 women who didn't seem capable of finding us a table for 2. When we are finally seated in the back corner of the almost empty restaurant, it took well over 15 minutes to get someone to even come over to get us drinks and our order.Once we finally order, it takes another 20 minutes to get our drinks and then food. We wanted o leave but we were  so hungry and had already invested so much time we foolishly stayed.We ate our hamborger and sulu toss which were mediocre at best. The burger was dry and the teryaki was bland and the rice overcooked. I've been to a lot of crummy restaurants but what upset me the most was the service. It took forever and I swear our waiter was high or something b/c he kept forgetting about us. When the check finally came (which we requested separate b/c one person was on an expense account) the bill was together, We sighed and asked him to split it and gave him our cards. 15 minutes later we got the bills- one was 1/3 the bill and one was 2/3 the bill- unless I'm missing something, that is not splitting the bill in 1/2. And my bill was higher- who give the female the larger amount- esp when the other person is on the expense account?!?!?!?! Decor and the actors who were milling around, awesomeThe food? mediocre.service? The worst I've ever had- EVER (and I go out a lot and live in Baltimore)I will never go back to this place.  It took us over 1.5hrs to get a "quick" lunch when the restaurant was 1/2 empty.There were Klingons and Ferengi but I was seated and served by a bunch of mouth breathers.
5	Quark's Bar is geek haven!  It's fun and cheezy, so make sure you bring a sense of humor.During our short vacation we went to Quark's twice!  Both times we sat at the bar, enjoying the company of the other patrons (fellow geeks), the continual feed of Next Generation episodes on the flat-screen and the delicious, potent drinks.  I dare you to be berated by a tall, menacing Klingon and not leave with a smile on your face!
4	Two words: CREME BRULEE. The best ever! Every visit to Las Vegas means a stop at Quark's for their fantastic creme brulee. Skip the rest of the menu and go directly to dessert. The drinks can be fun. The actors are good. The creme brulee is fan-tas-tic. (It's not listed on the menu with the entrees and drinks. I have no idea if they have any other desserts or what they may be like. I just want that creme brulee!)
3	Really should be 2.5 stars. The service was pretty bad, long waits for drinks, to order, for food, for the check, etc. The food was decent. I had a grilled chicken sandwich and it was pretty good, my boss had the fish and chips and hers were just ok as well. I have never watched Star Trek in my life, basically just was staying at the hotel and wanted to eat somewhere close. For people into Star Trek, I'm sure it would be much better, but they definitely need to work on their service regardless.
3	So I have a MANDATORY picture taken everytime I got to this place.  I've had little funny looking dudes and big scary metal looking freaks...the whole gammit.  It's hilarious.  Plus you can get a ginormous foamy shiny drink that (by the way) has a LOT of alcohol in it.  Food's okay.  Nothing special.  Prices are typical, not dive bar or five star restaruant.  I'm just bummed I have to take the monorail all the way down to the Hilton everytime.  It's strip-worthy!
3	I had my first Vegas dinner here, just to observe the strangeness of the locale.  The Hilton is way off the strip, and the Star Trek Experience is really quite dated.  The service was not that great - the food wasn't anything special.  I ordered a "Sulu Toss" with chicken and shrimp - granted it was a lot of food, and looked interesting - a dome of rice with two huge breadsticks sticking out of it, and the stirfry in a moat around it, while my friend Mary ordered the Hamborger - which was just ok.The drinks looked interesting - they had a huge shark-bowl like drink that had 10 shots worth of alcohol in it.  I ordered myself one of their non alcoholic drinks (wit Strawberry, Banana, and Pina Colada) and asked them to put some rum in it.  It was ok.The only draw is the Klingon that walks around and mocks you and your dead food.  He definitely seemed bored with his job (possible Elvis impersonator reject?) but nonetheless, you can get your picture taken with him.
5	ATTENTION...THIS PLACE CLOSES FOR GOOD ON SEPT 1st!.....so stop by while you can to get warped into a great experience for Trekkie and casual fans alike......the food was good, i had Picards Pockets and a Borg Sphere to drink....woo hoo.....what a strong drink, it helped me assimilate....i also ran into the borg and had a pik taken...great service, actors really stayed in character and i could tell they loved interacting with us humans....hurry and get here before tis place leaves earth!
5	As of September 1 2008, the Star Trek Experience and Quarks will be no more.Upon finding out the impending closing date was set, my wife and I went to Vegas specifically for both the ride and the bar.  We had been before and always found friendly Star Trek nerds at the bar.  Our bartenders and waiters were quite speedy.  I never came for the food, but rather just the atmosphere and actors, all of whom were deep in character and made the entire trip as worth it for me as they could.I will miss the ride and the Bar.  Live Long and Prosper Quarks.
4	I love this part of the Hilton Hotel.  Why do they have to close quarks?  Where will the Trekkie's go when in Las Vegas?  Where will they put the model of the Enterprise?  The atmosphere was really fun and I especially liked the Borg that came over to assimilate us while we ate.  The food was not very good, but the drinks were intergalactic and delicious.  I'd say go check it out for the scenery and get a drink...but I think they have closed for good!
5	sorry to report: CLOSED
3	RIP Quark's Bar and the Star Trek Experience.   Hilton, you blew it.  This was the only reason my posse ever came to visit this overpriced behemoth of an old-school, aging hotel
5	Oh how I will miss the Star Trek Experience.  My mecca is gone.  Poor timing since the new Trek film comes out in May.  This place would have been SLAMMED!Bring it BACK!  Now!  I demand it!
5	This was the best thing in Las Vegas.  I did not know it just closed, that seems like really poor timing with the new movie coming out this summer.   The Star Trek Experience itself was awesome.  Nothing like standing on the bridge of Enterprise NCC-1701D itself.  Our favorite part was the shuttle craft ride, and I don't ever remember anything that realistic.   It was so scary to get sucked out of the shuttle craft bay door that it was hard not to yell.  We rode that three times in a row.  When eating in Quark's Bar a Klingon woman came up to me and got all in my face saying "You look like you've never seen a Klingon woman before!"   My brother started busting up laughing and I was quite intimidated as she would not break her gaze and just kept staring at me.  I've never thought of Klingons again in the same way.   Our Dad asked her if she looks like that when she goes by the gas station on the way home.   Hehe.   Without missing a beat she yelled "Klingons have no use for fossil fuels!"  And at that point none of us knew what to say..   Haha.  When walking to the bar a Ferengi looked up at us and said "Some humans are very tall".   (Our whole family is over 6 feet tall).      Totally excellent place with creative food and it really feels like (felt like) you were in Star Trek itself.   One of the most amazing things I have ever seen.
5	NOOOOOO !   quarks, i'll never forget you.this place was the best!  i know, i know, first thought?  Star trek!?  what?  forget it.  i don't know anything about star trek but the food was great and the drinks were out of this world, cheesy sci fi pun intended.  i'm in vegas at least twice a year for work and i would eat / drink at quarks 3 out of 5 nights.oh, and i was there like 2 nights before the last night it was open and some ho gave her boyfriend head right next to me at the bar while someone in an alien costume watched on.  i would have been grossed out but it was so funny and surreal.  not to mention i had already drank one too many death rays.
3	The set up of this place is impeccable.  It is a good copy of what the actual Quark's looks like on DS9.  I love the set up.  It makes me feel like I'm actually dining at the real Quark's.  I love how realistic they make it.  The addition of people who dress up as the characters really makes the experience worth trekking out to Las Vegas for.  They really get into character.  No matter what we couldn't get the Vulcan to show any emotion.  The female Klingon nearly broke my boyfriend's hand with just a hand shake.  The authencity is so entertaining and makes up for things that they lack.The food is where this place can improve on.  The food is overpriced and has nothing special about it.  We have eaten here twice and have been disappointed twice.  It is a bit pricey for the quality.  We haven't had a dish that was appealing in taste.  The food is the reason why I had to knock off two stars.  The only reason why we return to this place is for the enviornment.  We love spending the day at the experience and can only hope that someday our Star Trek experience will be topped off with an out of this world meal.
1	Gene Roddenberry is rolling over in his grave.The morons at Hilton "could not come to terms with Cedar Fair". So Quark's, and the entire Star Trek Experience, closed in 2008.I wonder how much Trekkie money the Hilton has lost?
5	I guess this bar has closed since the Star Trek Experience left, and that just really, really sucks.  My wife hates anything sci-fi for the most part but she really enjoyed this place while we were in Vegas (we went back twice!).The drinks were original and fun and the atmosphere couldn't be duplicated.  Sad that it is gone.
4	Stepping into this restaurant felt a bit like stepping into the world of Deep Space Nine.  One Ferengi practically spent half our lunch with us.  It was fun how true to character he was, he showed visible discomfort taking a picture standing next to me, because I was a fe-male. The food wasn't half bad either, the chicken quesadilla was good and the seared ahi over rice was delicious, they were just heavy-handed with the sauce.I hope they remake this restaurant in a new location, it's a fun experience.
4	So sad that this place is gone! I'm not a Star Trek enthusiast but this place was a blast for anybody. Where am I gonna go for my sci-fi bowl of alcoholic goodness, complete with dry ice effect? So long Quark's....you were fun.
5	I love and miss you, Quarks! I miss that warp core breech.. It was a great place.. The food was good, and the service was great. We would stop by that place a few times while in Vegas. This will be the first trip we will go on, where we wont be. :( I don't know if they are going to be opening up downtown at Neonopolis, as I'm reading that they have actually auctioned off some of the Star Trek stuff, that was in the museum and such.. I'm crossing my fingers that it will.. I want my warp core breech!
5	Sad to say, but I only been there once and it was like a month before they were closing too. I must say one of the best meals I had, also a friend treated me seeing it was like my first time in Vegas and I was a huge Trekie fan. It was also such an experience for me too being a trekie and all. The Food and service was amazing, when we got there it don't even seem like they were going to close. I'm just hoping it will relocate cause I would love to have that dining experience again.
