2	Yesterday I visited this particular Target and thought I would check out their new food section, which just opened.  I also had several coupons from Target for their food products, so I wanted to use them.  My first quest was to buy some grapes.  The coupon said $1.00 off for a pound or more.  I didn't see a container holding a pound of grapes,so I asked a young man who was working in that area and he said they didn't have pound containers, but they do have 2 pound containers.  I didn't want 2 pounds, plus of course, they cost more.  Okay, forget the grapes.  Then I got a 3 pound bag of apples, which was fine with the coupon for another dollar off.  I just sliced one of those apples this morning and the damn apple was brown inside.  It looked to me like all fruits are already packaged (I could be wrong), so you can't pick out what you want.  I was expecting cheaper prices, but with sales, I'm sure Fry's and other stores are about the same.  I know people who complain about Fry's produce, but I'm not going to, they are far better than Target.  The only good thing I can say about their new food area is that it is very neat and clean.  I guess if you are in Target and need a particular item, then it will be good to get an item or two, but I will never do my whole grocery shopping there.
4	One of the better Target stores - not too crowded, nice selection of products, friendly staff.
2	For some reason, this Target store did not impress me.  They had a very poor selection of clothing in all areas. I would recommend the Target at 43rd Ave & Peoria.  We were only here because we had a $50 gift card otherwise I never go to Target as their prices are slightly higher anyway.
3	Ehh, This is a pretty old Target. I wish this Target will be renovated to become a Super Target... but that doesn't seem like it's happening. It has the bare necessities of a Target.
2	Kind of Pricey compared to Wal-Mart but I found it less crowded it was ok
2	This one is okay stocked but sometimes you need to double check the prices. Actually a lot of the times you need to watch the prices. Still better than going to Wal Mart.
3	This is an older Target location which is smaller than the majority of the other locations in the area.  They seem clean and well organized, however, due to the size and age of the store, they don't have the same variety available.  It is a great place to stop off for basics or a quick run for something, but probably wouldn't head here if you are looking to do a major grocery trip or need to stock up on a fair amount of items.The staff is always friendly and parking is relatively easy!Overall: BNot the size and variety of other locations, but not a bad stop off for basics!
5	When it comes to price matching, I love shopping at Target.  The store has a great layout, and it very easy to find what you need.  Also, my wife loves her Target check card because she can save 5%.  Nice!
4	This may be an older Target, but it is my favorite. It's always clean and stocked with a good selection of items. Their customer service is top notch!
