5	I've been here a few times and the staff have always been friendly but not pushy.  They always have something on sale that I think I need at that moment so that's good and bad.  I ordered some parts once and they came in pretty quick and were the same price as the ones on ebay.
3	After visiting the Cycle Gear off Decatur, I decided to give this one a try since it is a bit closer to me. I have to say I was a bit disappointed. Compared to the other store it is a lot smaller. Their selection does not even begin to compare to the other store. The staff there was nice, but did not offer to help me find what I was looking for. It was a bit busy, so I understand but I was frustrated enough that I left and went straight over to the Decatur store. I have a feeling that I won't be back to this one any time soon.
5	I searched Cycle Gear in San Diego & the store on Decatur for a new helmet and boots. Both stores were out of stock or didn't have the right size.  This store had both items I had been looking for.  Greg was very helpful & even offered some intel on a ride up to the Valley of Fire I was planning. All in all out was a great Cycle Gear experience with some outstanding prices/sales and helpful staff.
4	Super friendly staff that seams sincere in wanting to help. Great selection and convenient location. Great sales as well! They made a fan out of me!
5	This place is great I went in with our son only because his dad could not.  I simply said what I was looking for him and john gave us not only the gear but explained how and why it should fit and pro's an con's to each brand .  He was amazing in fact I only dealt with him but we noticed that everyone in the store was happy to see you an step in an help.
5	Awesome service when I went today!
5	Zack is amazing!!!! Be sure to have him help you in the shop!
1	The service my husband and I received was HORRIBLE. We went into this location to find some motorcycle parts and was led to the back by a "customer service rep" where he picked up a pamplet told us what part we needed and then proceeded to tell us, "I'm super swamped right now so you guys are going to have to find that part on your own." and he walked back up to the front. I was shocked! He may have well have told us "I really don't care what you want or that you're here at all so get out."Needless to say we left without purchasing anything and will not be back.
5	Love the selection and the sales they have on last year items.  The Cycle Gear that's further north in LV has the best selection.  Amazing customer service for the norther store as well.
5	Went in to purchase my first helmet with my boyfriend today, everyone in there was awesome especially Randy he gave us both great advice and was very friendly and helpful.  They have great deals as well. Better than the other cycle shops around town. We will be back for sure! Thank you again , Randy!
1	Cycle Gear will not post my reviews on their site, therefore I'll post it here.I bought one of this helmet based on reviews. I think this company hires people just to write good review for their products because those 5 star rating are insane.Sound quality - Not too bad. As others have stated, the bass is not up to par with other speakers. The mic is to "puffy." It's either in my mouth or rubbing against the tip of my nose. I guess when I can take it anymore, I'll remove the foam from around the microphone.Fitment - I it does run small. Not only does it run small, it's more shallow than expected. I tried on a medium and my noggin did not go in all the way. I tried on a large and it just good enough. I would feel more secure if it was a bit deeper. I'm comparing this figment to the Icon Aidmada and the Icon Airframe which I greatly appreciate after wearing this Bilt helmet. The snap on the strap is also so deep, I could not close it with out taking my gloves off.Wind noise - My goodness. I could not imagine the amount of wind noise from this helmet. With the vents opened or closed, it did not matter. Imagine cupping your hands behind your ears and sticking your head out of a car window traveling at 90 mph. My ears started to hurt from a 5 mile stretch at 65 mph. At this point, the speakers were barely audible. I was more concerned for the life of my ear drums. It's as if someone kept slapping my ears with their palms as I was riding. The wind noise did subside when I turned my head to the side, but what good does that do?Overall, the quality of this product is far less than expected. This is my first Bilt product and I can only deduce that you get far less than what you pay for with this company. I also find it insulting that they claim the original price is $300+. This helmet was always at $180 and that's too much for such a poorly constructed helmet. The drop down sunshade visor was easy to operate, but it does not come down enough. There's a half inch gap across the whole field of view.Since Cycle Gear does not do refunds (only way to get rid of these helmets), I'm stuck with this garbage. Now I have to figure out how to stop all the unwanted air from seeping in. Something they should have done.
