1	The time to get an appointment is very long. The wait time while in the office is unacceptable. The doctor did suggest new medication that reduced symptoms, but then he gave my daughter a big bag of gummie worms without asking me. They also made be pay them $500 up front for my deductible, which I was not supposed to have paid. Then once the insurance company adjusted the bill, they would not refund the money. In addition, my daughter was very ill and has asthma. She was wheezing and short of breath. Dr. Nakamura's office refused to see us because "they were not happy with our insurance company." I don't want to use a doctor who first priority is money, and second, my child's health.
2	Dr Nakamura is a good pediatric pulmonologist, and I like him a lot.  However, it's very hard to get an appointment outside of school hours. When we have been there for an appointment, we have been there an average of 2 hours each visit. I have found the office staff incompetent and rude when dealing with them over the telephone. Luckily my son has well controlled and improving asthma, so I think I will go to his pediatrician in future.
5	Wait time wasn't to bad the office atmosphere is amazing I'd recommend Dr.Nakamura any time I wish he was a full blown pediatric doctor my search would be over he's wonderful with the kids
1	The office has the worse front desk staff and billing  ever experienced. The wait is almost always a minimum of 2 hours. They do not bill according to insurance and overcharge on copays. The office manager Chris is very rude and negative and should go to charm school. Unfortunately, the staff make the office a terrible place which is sad because Dr. Nakamura is a good doctor. I would not recommend and seek alternatives if at all possible. Two Thumbs Down
4	I'm surprised CLS has bad reviews. Yes front staff is not too friendly and never smile or say thank you, but Dr Nakamura is a great doctor. He listens to our concerns, ask question, and is very clear about medication dosage. He also tries to make my son laugh whenever he's there. My son is a tough kid, but Dr Nakamura does a great job with him. I recommend to bring your child here. Oh yes and the office is very cute
5	He is  a  wonderful  doctor .I have baby boy 2 years old with the Trach. We have been see the doctor Nakamura since baby was born. He is very  professional, patience, and  very kind doctoc. Even for the night time  emengry call , he responded was so quick.  My family and our nurses  love him very much. The office staff is very kind and nice too.We are very appreciative of all of their hard work.Oliver's family
