1	Horrible horrible horrible. 4 or 5 times they have forgotten parts of order while using drive thru.  This has not only happened to me but to my son and granddaughter .  Was promised $5 coupon this last visit, when arrived at store to pick up remainder of order told we don't have coupons we put you name in a book.  How professional is that?  I ask for a corporate number and no one could provide one.  This just can't be true that a store don't have a list of phone numbers?  Out of hot sauce too.  What kind of operation is this?  Very disappointed.  They have lost my whole family's business.
1	Will never go here again. Food was cold and overpriced for what we got. They were out of a lot of their sides and when I asked KFC to contact me via their website they never did. I'm not a person that sends back food and when I have bad service I try to assume they are busy or it's just an off day. But in this case avoid at all costs.
3	This place has a lot of bad reviews but I've never had a problem here.Every time I'm in Sun City I stop here as Taco Bell and KFC's coleslaw are my grandpa's favorite foods.  They've always gotten my order right and have never been out of anything (mind you I've never ordered chicken which is what got a lot of negative reviews). Also, I went here for my grandpa and ordered him a senior drink, which is free at this location, and they didn't hassle me about not being a senior myself.
2	I've been here a few times and the service and food have always been just so-so.  I do think the drive-thru takes longer than normal to complete your order,  but no major complaints.
1	This by far is the worst KFC you ever go to we ask for original got crispy so that had to go back the new order the chicken breast was wrong Center the gravy is like water and also taste like water no biscuits they only had cake it's dinner time they should have everything ready to go and then when I asked, from the 10 piece bucket I received there were only two pieces that were actually perfect the remaining chicken was either dry dry dry are all fat and are Cartledge I would stay clear of this location this is the second time I've had problems in the past so steer clear of this KFC i've been to plenty of KFC's I've never had gravy that looked and taste like water there should be two consistency of honey at least not this is liquid water colored water is what it look like too bad for them I will never return.
1	I just want to this KFC and my experience here was horrible. I waited in the drive thru for 15 minutes to get my food. The service was horrible and the employees weren't very friendly. I will defiantly not be coming back to this KFC. Also, there was fowl strong oder that smelled like sewage.
1	Worst Taco Bell ever always out of different soda every time I come. No sense of urgency it's suppose to be fast food but waited in a line for 15 min just to order. Cashier was so slow and so was all the people in back someone should light a fire in there butt for sure
2	Desperate for something healthy in the area, I thought KFC might have some decent grilled chicken. They did not have grilled chicken off the bone, but had the grilled version on the bone. It was decent, maybe supermarket quality, but that is not what they are know for making best obviously. Cole slaw and biscuit do not need a review, but the staff is kinda dumb at this location. My two piece white meal ended up including a thigh and breast. I was in a rush and I would not have eaten the wing anyway, but I thought it was two piece white is two breasts. Oh well, i left my personal message on the table in protest in the form of overturned slaw cup, immature, but effective in teaching a non-verbal lesson.
1	I do not know how this place stays in business.  Drive thru orders are never right and service is just bad.  I mean real bad.  I can only guess that it has to stem from management because the service is bad no matter what day you go there.
