4	Wonderful Chinese food, the best in this area (Carrick/Brentwood) for sure!Sauces are fresh and light, not tons of salt or sugar like many Americanized Chinese restaurants. Fresh garlic and ginger used in sauces.I recommend the chicken with broccoli. My sister Vi said their shrimp and broccoli is "astounding" and that overall, "The food is of a gourmet caliber!" I agree, you really are getting a great value for the price. Our meal of two dishes, hot & sour soup and crab rangoon was $23. You can easily pay 20% or even 50% more at other restaurants in the city and the food isn't even nearly as good. I must make a particular mention of the hot & sour soup. Making this soup is truly an art and out of the literally dozens of places in the city where I've tried it none compare to Wang's Kitchen. The perfect balance between sour and spicy, the perfect viscosity of the soup base - neither too gelatinous nor too watery, just the right amount of salt and the ample amount of Chinese mushrooms makes it just magnificent. Be sure to get the crispy fried noodles to eat with your hot & sour soup!4 stars for Wang's Kitchen!
4	YUM!Okay, so let me first just say that getting take out/delivery is always a disappointment; the food is never as hot as you want it, the food is also a bit mushier than you want it.  HOWEVER, my first time at Wang's, and ordering delivery none the less was great!The crab rangoons...honestly, some of the best that I've tasted in a LONG time!  They were huge, sweet, and delicious!  I also got the sesame chicken...which was good.  I say good, because something that's fried and covered in a sauce never travels well (my own mistake for ordering it), but overall the best delivery Chinese food I've had in a long time!  One thing to note though, it was dark chicken meat.Overall, I really enjoyed Wang's!  The food was good, fairly priced, and they deliver to my house!  Win/win/win!
4	Good general tso chicken, could provide more sauce, crab ragoon is very good.  I do like the hot and sour soup, one of the best in area.  Egg rolls are good, but not great.  That is why only 4 stars.
1	We're new in the area and came to Yelp to find a good Chinese restaurant.  Wangs was well reviewed so we thought, why not?  We go to the restaurant take one look around and order to go.  Not exactly a place you'd want to sit down and be served, let alone eat, but we weren't discouraged so we ordered.I ordered one of the house specials, Happy Family.  Ingredients listed crab, lobster, scallops and chicken.  Disappointing at the least.  The crab wasn't crab, it was imitation.  Lobster wasn't lobster but I think it may have been crayfish and there were no scallops...nope, not one.  My wife ordered a simple chicken dish which sat in our refrigerator for a week before it was tossed.  The fortune cookie was pretty good but we can get those elsewhere.  Not impressed.
5	Wang's is great for Chinese take-out. Not special inside, if your thinking of eating in.. florescent lights overhead seem to warp space and time, amid their collection of Chinese artifacts. But Dang the food is amazing, get an egg roll no matter what. The prices are fair market value for Chinese take-out. I've had a handful of different dishes and all have been very impressive. If your nearby and looking for Chinese, give them a call, and get yourself ready for a mouthful of Wang's!
5	I just moved to Carrick from Dormont and I was looking for a GREAT place for Chinese food that delivered. I used to order Amazing Wok and was so sad to be leaving that area! I ordered Wang's on a Friday night well home alone while my husband was at work. I got a dinner (Tsos) and Rangoons for $12! Portions were big and food was EXCELLENT! They also quoted me at 40 minutes, and arrived in 25! The Rangoons were BY FAR the best I've EVER had! I think the kicker that made this place amazing for me is that I called on a Sunday night  at 9:35 and asked when they stopped delivering. They told me 10:00 but were more than happy to deliver at that time! For that, I will forever be a failthful customer! Amazing service!
5	General tso's is bomb, huge portion for about $10, had it about 8 times never been disappointed
4	Ordered general tso's chicken combo, sesame chicken combo, chicken lo mien, crab rangoons, and wonton soup.Both the general tso and the sesame where crisp (like I like it) with plenty of sauce.  The Rangoon's and egg rolls where crispy and cooked perfectly.  I would have enjoyed sweet and sour sauce for the rangoons but I'll know to ask for it next time.The fried rice and lo mien where exactly what it should be.And the wontons in the soup where cooked well and very juicy
4	Wang's Kitchen is a little hole in the wall on the border of Carrick/Brentwood... but MAN, do they have awesome food! I personally have not ventured far past their General Tso's chicken.. the sauce is out of this world good! It's my favorite General Tso's around! They are very generous with their portion sizes as well!I also love their veggie entree too! TONS of veggies and the sauce is awesome! They always provide you with tons of sauce, so asking for extra is not necessary!Their lo main noodles are awesome too! One container and I have dinner, lunch and another dinner.. they PACK the container to capacity!Wang's Kitchen is awesome- although they are not a place that I would recommend eating in at. For me, I have only ordered take out. They do have a space available for eating in, but it's not very large and it's loud in there as well. Take out is the way to go!Overall, AWESOME food and consistently good service too!
4	As far as American-Chinese delivery-type food goes (and I am a huge fan of this genre), this is one of the best places I've been to in a long time. This place is mostly take-out or delivery but has some limited seating indoors. It does have a hole-in-the-wall vibe inside, but it is still clean and sanitary. I didn't eat-in, but I wouldn't be afraid to do so. As an added bonus, the woman who took my order over the phone spoke perfect English. Just a small thing, but it was a little less stressful ordering over the phone without the added worry of a language barrier. I ordered the crab rangoon and was really pleased. These are the triangle-shaped ones, and they were some of the best I have ever had, though it's hard to explain why. The dough seems a bit thicker than what I'm used to but it works because the rangoons themselves seemed to be more fully stuffed. The thicker dough makes for a chewy center and crispy outside. They are perfectly fried and crispy--no heat lamp rubber texture or burnt crust on these guys. There is nothing particularly different about these rangoons, they are just done right all the way, and it totally pays off. As I always do at these places, I ordered a dish with garlic sauce. In this case, it was shrimp with garlic sauce. The sauce was as expected, sweet and garlic-y with a slight spicy kick. The vegetables were superb. I notice with this type of food the vegetables are often limp and flavorless, functioning chiefly as a vessel to delivery gobs of sauce into your pie hole. Not so at Wang's, however. All the vegetables maintain an appropriate level of crunchiness and flavor. I remember exclaiming to my boyfriend, "I can taste the flavor of the different vegetables!" They are still cooked, but just not cooked to death. I think They probably make food to order, because I ordered close to closing and there was no indication that my food had been swimming in sauce for hours. The shrimp was also great--decent portion, good size, perfectly cookedThe prices at this place are pretty standard, if not a little lower than comparable restaurants. Overall I was really impressed and can't wait to go back.
5	I love their General Tso chicken.  I've had general tso from several places and this is the best.  Has a nice spice to it and it's always hot when I get delivery.  I love thie crab rangoo and vegetable lo mein.  I had the szechuan chicken and it was good but I probably wouldn't order it again.
4	This place was shocking.  I would have given it a 5 star but I have had better Chinese takeout in my life...but honestly, I can't remember when or from where.  Yelp must not have been around back then to keep track.  This place is not a fine dining establishment and I've never dined in as it's just your average unassuming chinese joint.That being said, we ordered from them one night expecting your typical average - below average experience but were pleasantly surprised.  As everyone has said, the General Tsos is quite good but nothing incredible.From there, things only got better.  Their egg rolls are perfectly done and crispy.  The crab rangoons were outstanding.But the real show stopper to me were the Chicken Teriyaki sticks.  These things transported me to a street vendor in Shanghai with every bite.  Sweet, salty, smokey.  These things were juicy inside and crispy and delicious outside.  Order them and thank me later.  Oh, one last thing the beef and broccoli was mediocre at best.This review was brought to you by Mr. Bluejay and the letter C.
3	I don't like this place at all, yet my Dad wants to eat nothing else. He loves the Sichuan Chicken and I can tolerate the Tso's.
