4	Good location, always clean, and drinks are made well pretty much every time. Because of the location, the wait can be awhile during "rush hour", but they are pretty good about getting through the line as fast as they can. They don't always have some of the products (mugs, tumblers, etc.) you're looking for and might be a lil moody around closing time, but overall I still like this location!
5	Great service!
4	If you want a laid-back Starbuck's in the Southeast valley, I recommend this cafe. Everytime I hang out here, I never wait on a line or table. The music is Starbuck's radio playing at just the right volume. The atmosphere is the opposite of the nearby hyper-jumping Eastern at I-215 Starbuck's. Whenever I am exhausted I'll hang out here. I leave the cafe more relaxed.   This Starbucks with drive-thru service is convenient to travellers along I-215, Windmill Road, and Maryland Parkway. However it blends in with a relatively vacant shopping center and Chevron along Maryland Parkway just south of Windmill, making it hard to see.   Overall if you want a laid-back Starbucks experience in the Southeast valley, or are in the vicinity of I-215, Maryland Parkway, or Windmill, this is a one I recommemend.
4	A nicer than average Starbucks that is in a weird location. I wish the one on Eastern was this clean and friendly. I just wish these guys were closer to me!
4	On a road trip 1300 miles from home and having had hit and miss experiences at indie coffee joints across 4 states (and counting), I admit the uniformity of a chain coffee shop was deeply appreciated. This particular location offered winning service, plenty of wall outlets for laptops, and a damn fine decaf mocha. Perfect except for the A/C--you could've hung meat in there!
3	ive been going to this starbucks 3-4 ams a week for the last 2 years and 8 times out of 10 they mess the order up. this coming from a girl that orders the same thing every time. its either the wrong milk (which i use soy) or it vanilla not mocha or the wrong size. its a busy location but its so frustrating esp when you go through the drive thru and dont think to taste it until you drive off. then again shame on me after all this time. thats another thing, the drive thru. if youre in a rush in the am the drive thru is always a good 8-10 min wait. if it wasnt on my way to work and i wasnt addicted i prob would never go to this location. sorry guys.
4	I came here this morning for a meeting. The place is a little hidden, so I passed it the first time, but as long as you know it's in the same plaza as the Chevron, you'll be good. The line was pretty long when we walked in (one lady even walked out), but it actually went by pretty fast. I really only had to wait a few minutes. The staff were very nice and fast with their service. The place doesn't have too many tables that seat more than two people, so we ended up sitting at the couch area with a small table in the corner. I definitely plan on coming here again soon. It's a great central meeting spot for when I have to meet someone living on the East side, since I live all the way in the West.
4	Business as usual here, but you just cant beat that it's 24hrs.
4	Good place. I like to go here sometimes to work and study. It's a Starbucks, so much is the same as the others. Though, nice layout and seating despite being small. I like it. Great service and fast. If you come enough, they recognize you and know what you want.
5	Very friendly staff, never too crazy busy.  Just wish they had a drive through.
5	I come here all the time & my drinks always taste the same! Love the customer service & it's always clean :) theres no drive thru which means all you lazy people have to walk your slow ass's in! Hahaha
5	Great spot and friendly staff. Highly recommended!
4	I love Starbucks!  Great service and coffee.The Holiday pumpkin and peppermint are solo good.
5	Quick service
5	Wait time is minimal, they're open earlier than my fav. coffee shop on the weekends and drinks are good. Even the drive through wait time is minimal, I've never waited more than a couple minutes in a 6 car line.
4	This particular Starbucks is superb in customer service in the Drive-Thru and inside the cafe. The location is also great since it's near the freeway. I was in town visiting and didn't want to go to my "original" Starbucks because of the busy parking lot, However I guess since Verizon closed down, this lot isn't as busy.
1	Terrible customer service!!I came in on a Monday afternoon (April 15th, 2013 at 2:30 PM) and was not greeted as I walked in. I brushed it off and stepped up to order. The three employees behind the counter continued their conversation instead of assisting me even after I made eye contact and a smile. One of them even said good-bye to another employee that just started walking into his peripheral vision instead of helping a customer who has been in his line of sight the whole time. I looked at my phone and I had been standing there for about 4 minutes, with no one saying a word or offering me assistance.I ended up walking out, what kind of BS establishment is this?
5	This place is very busy till about mid nite then you have a good shot at getting a place to sit.
5	I basically come here every morning, it's like Cheers, but it's Starbucks! They all know me, my hubby and our drinks!  Love this place!
5	My favorite Starbucks, the staff here is awesome! Brennan's my favorite barista!
4	This Starbucks is great. It's usually pretty busy because the location but it has a drive thru which is very convenient. It's also close to my home and it's a few cents cheaper then the Starbucks in Von's up the street.
3	It's Starbucks. Chances are you've had it, so I won't go into details about how amazing my Passion Tea tasted. I frequent this location, as it is located conveniently off of the 215.  The service is friendly and fast most days. I will caution you to avoid the drive-thru if you see more than 7 cars. I have waited 20+ minutes on more than one occasion. If it's backed up, I usually head two blocks down to Grouchy John's. Really good alternative.
1	Okay, I love Starbucks and am a gold card member.. But this location is my absolute least favorite.. Which totally stinks since it's the closest to my house. The drive thru wait is always forever long. They mess up my order more times than they get it right. I was just there, went inside, long line and they were not putting names on orders. This caused a cluster of drinks and confusion at the pickup window. I'm pretty sure I got the wrong drink and it tastes terrible. That or they messed up my order again. I'm making the switch to Grouchy Johns which is just as close. I'll save my Starbucks fix for the location by my work which is always on point.
4	The staff is always outstanding and the environment in this location is not busy and loud like some of the other locations in the area. The only downside is that the drive thru is repeatedly slower than most starbucks I have been to.
4	The Only reason I'm giving this Starbucks a "4 Star" is Because Of the employee who helped me. "Haley" was the first Starbucks employee here who actually tried to understand my order and made it right. (My drink is very easy) a grande java chip frap with 5 pumps of frap roast and easy ice. I know not hard at all but no matter which Starbucks I go to it is never made right. TERRIBLE!!! She took my order, made my Drink and was super Friendly!!! Thanks Haley! Your Awesome.
1	I admit, I have a coffee addiction and I frequent Starbucks daily.  I recently started going to this store when my job moved to this side of town. I only went here for a week because I almost always received the most unfriendly service at this store. There are a couple baristas here that are amazing, but the attitude from others is enough for me to have started going to the Warm Springs and 215 store.
4	This Starbucks drive thru has spoiled me on others.  The wait is always less and the team is always friendlier.  The drinks are pretty awesome too.
3	Friendly staff and great drinks!
4	Good place, friendly service, free wifi with tables and chairs to hang out for a while.  The staff welcomes you when you walk in and when you come to the counter the greeting is even more welcoming.Its Starbucks so the drinks are pretty much the same as any other, however, the music selection here is good and the atmosphere is warming enough to make you want to hang out for a while.They get a good crowd that flows through here every day and they allow you to hang as long as you like.  Its nice to have a place to go hang out in for a bit and have anything from just a cup of water to a coffee drink.My son-in-law comes through here just about every morning and he has NEVER complained about the drive through or the service, so this place has to have an amazing group of managers with an amazing work environment and stafff.I can say that my experience here, I see a friendly staff who all get along with each other, they take a lot of pride in their work and the environment is one of a place one would enjoy working.
1	I could write a book on why I give this location 1 star! I am not saying all starbucks are bad just this one! I stopped at this location everyday on my way to work, they don't greet you with a good morning, or thank you for stoppig by nothing, this is for in the store or drive thru. So everyday I went to this location I ordered the same drink the same way. Venti Sugar free cinnamon dolce with soy milk whipped cream and dolce sprinkles, seems simple right? wrong! Everytime i have to hand my drink back and ask for whipped cream, I don't get a sorry about that just a attitude and then they add it. So one day after about a year I decide to ask the guy at the window why is it that my drink is never correct, he told me in a not so nice way that no one gets soy milk and whipped cream so I asked him why they wouldnt read my order he then says to me like i was a child chill calm down it's only coffee! I was so embarrased because the girl at the window with him. I felt so be littled and the crazy part was i was not wrong I am paying for my coffee to be made correctly not to have to be givin back every day then made to feel bad for expecting my order to be right. I called as soon as i pulled off asked for the manager and my luck he stated he was the one on duty. I hung up called back when I got off a Lady manager answered and I explained what happened she didn't once excuse their behavoir and even agreed that they should be able to get that order right no matter what it was. She gave me 3 free drinks and said she would have a conversation with him about it. I can see why she has her job she never excused their behavior she made sure my drink was made right when I visited to get my drinks she told me she was going to give me and I appreciate she did what she said she would. The sad part is after things were still the same and she alone can't change the place. Ive decided when I want coffee on the way to work I will choose to spend my money where they appreciate their customers Grouchy Johns.
1	15 minutes waiting because they made my drink wrong. For what the drink costs it should never take this long.
1	This is the slowest starbucks ever. The drive thru takes forever. It seriously makes me late to work almost all the time. It is the closest to me but I don't think I can even come here anymore. They need to do something about the drive thru!!
1	Cmon STARBUCKS! I know there is specific training for the staff. Why on earth do customers know more about the coffee drinks than the baristas. A grande Breve comes in a 16oz cup. I walk out with a lukewarm 12oz half full triple shot with hazelnut flavoring. There desperately needs to be more options on this road than Starbucks. There are 60 people in here at one time and no good baristas. You don't always mess up but when you do it's like a car wreck.
