5	This place is a hidden gem in Pittsburgh. My friend and I visited today for their Sunday afternoon pancake bar (also on Saturdays!). The pancakes were to die for. You can choose whatever toppings you like, they have over 30 different kinds, and they make it fresh, literally right in front of you (the kitchen is open). I also ordered French press coffee, and it was soooo good! I haven't had such good coffee in a while. I highly recommend this place, it has a unique charm. Plus you can't beat the prices!!! Total bill was around $15 for 2 orders of pancakes, two drinks, and a panini sandwich!
5	I visited Pittsburgh for the Blue Ribbon Bacon Festival.  My friend Mr. Baconpants said they had great food, but no bacon!   I couldn't decide from the huge list of pancake stuffing, so I went with the "favorites" list, but mixed two of them, creating the Chocolate-chip-banana-butterscotch-walnut on whole wheat pancakes masterpiece.  It was the best meal I've ever had for so little money.The one bad thing, and that doesn't stop it from getting all 5 stars, the guy in the back said the pancakes were pretty huge, but I'm from Texas so to me huge means "larger than a 14-inch hubcap" and these pancakes were less than half the size.  They were thick, and stuffed like I've never seen stuffed before!   I could have eaten ten of them without feeling full, but again, I'm from Texas.  I had the plain coffee, and it was a bit more bitter and weak than anything in Texas, but that's my fault!  They had a HUGE menu of coffee and I should have tried the Syrian coffee or a few shots of espresso.  They had Vietnamese coffee too, and that's usually strong no matter where it comes from.  There's also a library on the wall behind the tables, Pittsburgh has free Wi-Fi, it's just spectacular.
4	I agree with Mangala, this place really is a hidden gem.I tried to get a job here when I was about 14 or 15 and failed miserably...but at least I found a nice little place to hang out for a few years following. Anytime I'm in Bellevue thrifting I'd stop in here. Great selection for such a little spot. They also have about a million books for sale. I generally get the smoothie drinks, as I'm not big into coffee. Take advantage of the people working there and ask questions about the stuff they have on the menu. They are always well informed of what ingredients they are using in the food, and what tastes awesome and what isn't so hot.This place has a very nice back patio area where I've seen artists just hanging out painting. There's also a nice side patio area with a couple tables. Lots of wonderful artwork to look at.Bring some friends! It's a great spot to just sit down and hang out.
5	This place rocks!Have been for coffee quite a bit and finally stopped in for their Sunday pancake bar. The selections were large and all of the batter was home made. Staff was super friendly and food and coffee were great. We even played chess as we waited since they have a bunch of games in the back to play. Highly recommend!
4	The tea selection is so-so here and the espresso is great, but not as good as Mocha Mountain (nearby on the Ohio River Boulevard).  However, Affogato has indoor and outdoor seating and serves food--the weekend pancake bars are legendary.  The interior seems cramped, so I tend to grab a cup and walk down the street to Bayne Park to enjoy it there.
5	I have made only 3 and 1/2 mistakes in my life. This was the latest.  I waited far too long to finally check out this gem.If you have any intention of going to a coffee shop and are hungry..this is the spot..feet up. Great service, unique atmosphere and terrific pancakes. Grab your laptop or a book and prepare yourself because frankly you won't want to leave for a very long time.
