1	Yuck!  Why did I do this to myself?  I was running a few errands on Christmas eve afternoon and I decided to grab a sandwich for lunch.  I could tell these poor bastards running the place didn't want to be there but I wasn't making it hard on them, I just wanted a vegetarian sub.  The bread was old and smushed (resembling a slice of plain white bread) the toppings were unimaginative and sparce and the cheese was overly processed into something resembling Velveta.If you want a sandwhich, don't waste your time here... Einstein's, Quizno's, even Subway could do better.
3	Port if Subs is a really good, not great, but really very good. I've been here several times while shopping at nearby Desert Ridge and found everything very tasty. So far I haven't experienced the slow service the other posts have mentioned, but i don't think that would put me off.
2	I thought I would do one of my comparison tastings. Today, I stopped by and ate here and ordered the 8" number 7; which to you and me is a medium roast beef sandwich.  This evening I'll try Jimmy John's on Scottsdale Road.The wait in line was nil since the place was empty when I arrived just before noon. The folks behind the counter seemed friendly enough and took my order. The wait time from ordering to paying was about two minutes. The sandwich bread was generic soft white sub, nothing special. The roast beef was shaved and reminded me that when I get old and lose my teeth, then this is the place to come. The sub ran $5.79, plus $1.59 for a small drink, with tax the total was $8.07. I would say my original impression that: "Port of Sub is really good, not great, but really good" was generous. I believe the sub was bland and they didn't have anything interesting, except for banana peppers and shaved lettuce and tomato to put on it. So, I'm revising my rating to two stars instead of three. Yelpr'er Kelly B. might be closer to the mark then me and her review is nearly five years old! So, in the future I'll pass on Port of Subs!
2	I went to Port of Subs for breakfast thinking it would be a good meal. First of all, their eggs are heavily manufactured. They put their "yoke" in a microwave and surprisingly something that looks like eggs came out. They barely put any lettuce on my sandwich  and the cheddar cheese didn't taste too much like cheddar. The service wasn't all that great either.
2	I think the best way to sum it up is that I just don't get their angle.  Depending on what you're shopping for, be it quality, speed, selection, quantity, price, or convenience....why would you go here?Quality - The subs are better at Albertsons, located in the same building.Speed - When I went there was a single person working on subs, about 5-6 people in line.  The line moved, but again, if speed is a concern, why go here?  The subs are premade next door.Selection - Average for a sub place, freshness was great.  But again, more selection next door and it's just as fresh.Quantity - Here's where they really fall behind.  At their prices, I'd certainly hope that they do more than just a thin layer of ingrendients, but alas, it was a pretty sparse quantity of meat and cheese.Convience - This place is just as convenient location-wise, but has less parking than Albertsons.Price - Spendy.  Out the door you're looking at about $10 for an 8 inch sub combo.I guess my experience itself wasn't bad...I'll just never be back because I can't justify it in ANY category I can come up with.  Why would you even open up this shop here when you can't compete on any level with the other businesses around?  Within a mile you'll find Subway, Jersey Mike's Quiznos and I'm sure others.  But you don't have to look any further than the grocery store they share a wall with to see them get beat handily.
4	I am definitely a fan of their subs, they have always been fresh and tasty. I do have one complaint on the "Chicken Caesar salad" which I had ordered awhile back. To be honest it was a pathetic excuse for a Caesar salad. First of all my chicken was heated in the microwave which was a little unappealing and the texture was a little off. Second, there was no croutons, no parmesan, and the lettuce was a shredded iceberg/romaine mix. To top it all the dressing wasn't a creamy caesar dressing so I was 100% disappointed with this salad. I would have named it the Plain Microwaved Chicken Salad.
