4	Lucky Lou's recently opened in the Park Selwyn Terrace shopping center (near Portofino's, Harris Teeter, etc.) where Fairview Grill used to be.I'd gone to Fairview Grill all of once, so when something new opened up I figured it might be worth a try (and the 50% off coupon didn't hurt).No trouble getting a table on a Monday night, it's your basic bar setting with a big projector screen showing some NCAA basketball and a bunch of smaller tv's showing other games and even How I Met Your Mother (seriously, who watches a sitcom at a bar?  I had to divert my attention so I didn't see what happened, spoiler alert!).The food is pretty good and I highly recommend the "Dippin' Chicken" - a fried or grilled chicken sandwich dipped in whatever wing sauce you want.  I went for the Barbalo and was definitely happy with it, although it didn't have too much spice to it.  The sandwich was huge, probably 4 or 5 chicken tenders squeezed onto a bun with some lettuce and bacon (also comes with tomato and onion, but who eats that junk).For the side, definitely get the buffalo chips.  They're thicker than normal chips, more like potato slices from heaven, with some buffalo seasoning thrown on and fried.  Fiance got the black & bleu burger with sweet potato fries and didn't have anything negative to say about it.  Honey chicken pasta seemed to be a crowd pleaser as well.Decent beer selection makes this a good place to go to when you don't feel like fighting for a table at Selwyn.
4	Pleasantly surprised by Lucky Lou's! I've only been there once before when it was Fairview Grill so wasn't sure what Lou's was going to be all about. It's so frickin dark in this place you feel like you're walking into the unknown and it was absolutely empty on a beautiful sunshine filled day day so I was stoked to see they had a patio area. Along with that they have a good number of tables out there plus a ping pong table...or beef pong table....or flip cup table depending on how rowdy it gets there. Typical bar food you would find anywhere but I surprised myself by ordering the Black & Bleu steak salad and it was just what I needed on a hot day. They give you a generous portion of steak, pair that up with candied pecans and bleu cheese crumbles and you have a solid steak salad. My friend got the fish and chips and when they brought it out, we couldn't stop staring at the piece of fish they served. As opposed to a few pieces of fish it was one huge piece of fish and I think the biggest I've ever seen. Like fish on steroids big (see pics) All in all, a solid place to stop by for some food and drinks. I will be back for those delightful sounding Pimento Cheese Fritters they have!
3	Definitely tavern-esce. However, if you need more light they have a side patio. There's also a ping pong table off of the patio or pool tables indoors. They allow smoking on the patio. $2 PBR all the time. Good chicken wings and club sandwich. They have live music on Friday nights.
4	I go here every Saturday night for karaoke with Chubby's Karaoke.  My friends used to hang out at Picasso's in Dilworth before that closed.  Lucky Lou's is night and day different.First off, the crowd on Saturday night is very diverse in a good way.  It isn't full of any one type of person so karaoke is full of different genres of music.  I rarely see that in Charlotte.Second, the service is spot on.  I never have to go to the bar to ask for another drink.  Even my first time there the waitress was spot on and it only gets better now that I'm a regular.  I've only had the food a few times so I can't really comment on it.
3	I highly recommend the Buffalo Chips.  Otherwise wasn't a huge fan of the food, but in all fairness what I ordered was something our server said was not that good.
3	The ribeye sandwich was pretty tasty and the Buffalo Chips were awesome. The fries are okay. The service was friendly and helpful. I would return again for sure.
4	Best club sandwich is charlotte... I swear they put drugs in it because once you try it you will definately have to eat it again. I order mine with the buffalo chips which are super tasty. The wings are hit or miss, sometimes better than others, usually not cooked enough. Ordered nachos once and it was more chips than toppings and I wouldnt order again. They have good drink specials, pool and a huge patio. Depending on the day there are bands, karaoke or just music playing. Its a good time especially on the weekends.
3	Hot Chips made-to-order!  "Light and Limp please"!  These chips were PERFECT!!!  5 yelp stars for the Chips!!!This IS a Sports Bar and since I'm in here I'll enjoy the Sports on many screens... I'm not a fan of sports Bars, (nor Sports) though if the food is great, I'll put up with the Sports... Hey Buddy how you doing Champion...  That's me Buddy Champion (no one called me that here Thankfully)!The Music (play list) sounded like what I would put on my Music Machine, if I had a Music Machine...or the Dance program at least (sounded like some "Killers" I'm barely Familiar with - that sound anyway)... They have some LIVE Music too, though not at Lunch time!Service was GREAT, Friendly, relaxed and everything was served as ordered!Bad News Burger!  A "Drier" Burger is fine, this one was too dry... BIG (1/2 Pound) lacked flavor, the Bacon was over cooked (Maybe Microwaved???) too dry as well, very little flavor!  The Bun for the Burger was a nice one and did not get soggy because the Burger was sooo dry... The Burger gets 2 yelp stars or less
5	Well, now that I've been coming here for over 2 years I am very much a regular so this review is maybe biased.  The bartenders will get to know your name and what you drink and have it ready for you.  I recommend the blackened chicken pasta and everyone I told to eat it has enjoyed it.  Their wings are pretty popular and the pizzas are good too.The bar tenders pour them strong, but will not hesitate to kick you out if you get rowdy.
4	Burger cooked to order - AWESOME!  Good fries and wings!
5	Best fish and chips I ever had...and the most unique. The large portion had a very crisp but thin beer batter. And the potato chips were homemade. Truly excellent.
1	I was so impressed with lunch, I returned for the prime rib.  All I can say is take an EMT with because this thing is so tough, you'll be swallowing whole pieces after chewing the hell out of them. I complained, but it did no good. I left behind a fork bent to hold this sucker on the plate while I sawed it with my knife.
1	DAMN YOU LUCY! I feel like Charley Brown and Lucky Lou holds the football.  In my first review I said the fish and chips were the best I ever had, so in spite of the lousy prime rib as covered in my most recent review, I went back for that great fish and chips.  It was the worst I have ever had.  The fish, tilapia, had a musty flavor.  But the good news is the taste of old basement was overcome by being fried in very old oil, dark from oxidation which makes the batter bitter.  Ugh!  Oxidized oil is not an accident.  You can see it in the fryer.  Food comes out of it very dark and--again--BITTER!  Unlike Charlie Brown who trusted Lucy time after time, I don't trust Lucky Lou's anymore.  They should change the name to Lucy Lou's.
4	Two friends of mine are pretty big regulars at Lou's, so I have been a few times to meet them out for a few drinks there. After a few visits, one thing that stands out is that the place is pretty consistent. Some people call it a dive bar, but I do not see it that way. The food definitely consists of bar type items but are actually pretty good. Good wings, burgers, and sandwiches. I like the fried pimento cheese balls that they have on their appetizer menu. And as far as what people go there for....the drinks, are good also. Cheap and stiff with daily specials on top of that. The beer menu is not vast but they usually have at least one good beer on tap.
4	First time here, loved the Pimento Cheese Fritters, burgers were great.  Great service and just a fun place!
2	Stopped here for some drinks after a wonderful dinner so this is a drinks only rating.  The place is kind of divey which is fine.  I like a good dive. The bartenders both a litle odd. My drink ws okay but its hard to screw up a captain and diet.  My friends drinks were awful.  They kept trying to add stuff to it to make it better.   Probably would skip this place next time.
1	This place was a dive with terrible drinks, and the bartender's argued over who was serving us.  It didnt' really matter since they both made the worst drinks I have ever tasted.
4	One of my fave neighborhood joints in the Queen City. Solid array of bar grub here, including standards such as burgers, wings, and sandwiches. I'm partial to the Club Sandwich, one of the best I've eaten out at a restaurant. Probably because they butter and toast the bread on the flat top! Oh yeah!  Say Hi to Sal, one of friendliest bartenders around and an icon of South Park.
3	So we finally found a karaoke place in Charlotte! Its s really nice stand alone building and has ample parking, a very well lit parking lot which is nice. We got there about 945 so it was 15 minutes before Chubby's karaoke kicked off everything, so we were able to get a booth and sat down for some drinks and appetizers. We wanted to check out the vibe first so we set back and watch a couple different people go up and do karaoke. It was really cool because the crowd was mixed and there was a wide range if mysical variety. It was nice my first time going out to do karaoke(I normally do it in the basement after a couple shots of tequila) so we sat back and enjoyed the show I'm sure we'll be regulars from this point on. It cost them a star because of the lack of local beers on tap.
1	The only reseaon I decided to start a Yelp account was to share my aweful experience at Lucky Lou's. My wings were salt licks. The burger($9) I ordered medium well was burnt on one side(and served to me anyway.) And I hate fries with Cajun seasoning. The bartender was arrogant. All in all, it was the worst dining experience I've had in a long time. LL's seems like another middle aged frat house bar with bad food and bad service, as if pool tables and big tv's make up the difference. Go to Hefs on Woodlawn, or Sir Edmund Halleys on the back side of the Park Road shopping center.
