1	the restaurant was nearly empty at lunch time 12:30. this shouldve told me something, even though when i got there i had to go to the back of the rest. for someone to help me. i finally sat down, and ordered one taco, one chile relleno and one enchilada. let me tell you the girl brought the plate and it was so hot i think the plate had either been placed in the microwave or in the oven. the taco and the chile were deep fried and both were dripping with so much oil it was disgusting all i could taste was oil. the enchilada was really salty and the lettuce was basically a spoon full. the presentation of the plate was horrendous there was so much enchilada sauce on the plate it got into the chile relleno and the taco. the salsa i got with the chips was watery and it seemed to me it was not fresh at all, seemed more like canned. i have had many great foods at low eateries..this place charged me 15.00 for this simple plate. it was such an outrage i did not finish it nor gave a tip. i will never return nor will i recommend. this place is a disgrace to mexican food, especially labeled "home made" unless "home made" is code for crappy. taco bell cooks better.
2	I went there for lunch a few weeks ago.  There were a few patrons sitting down.  It seemed to take awhile for someone to help me-between who I presumed to be the owner, who was doing work in the middle of the restaurant, to the other two people who helped me, I was never quite sure who my waiter/waitress was.  The food arrived and as the other reviewer stated, the plate was scolding hot- really, it was too hot to eat.  As far as flavor, it was alright.  Since it is very close to my apartment, I might go back .  I hope their service is a bit better though next time around.
2	I went back for lunch.  This time around, the service was faster.  While the food was decent,  the owner failed to mention that for one of the items I ordered on the combo, there would be an extra charge.  It was not explained very clearly on the menu. I was not happy that my combo plate, which I thought would cost me under 8 dollars ended up being 12 or 13 dollars.  Oh well.
4	I'm surprised to hear such negative reviews.  When I used to live in Chandler, we used to walk over for lunch or dinner.  The family who runs the place was always so nice.  I remember enjoying everything we had.  They've been around for years and years, before the Madstone/AMC went out of business.  I think that says something about the restaurant.
5	my chimi was luke warm knew i shouldnt  of ate it now have major diarrhea never going back!! lady doing cooking and waitressing very slow! hire a dang waitress!
5	Amazing tostadas, good green chili chimis (enchiladas style with green sauce). Our favorite Mexican place. Cozy, family environment - nothing special in atmosphere if that's what you're looking for. Just good authentic food.
2	The food here is OK but nothing special.  The service and ambiance are very lacking.  If I want authentic Mexican at a local Mom and Pop dive, I'd rather go to Espo's.
4	Yes, the ambiance is pretty drab and the menu is what you'd likely get at any other Mexican-American dive but it does have a somewhat unique charm and the food is pretty solid.  The family that runs it has a great track record and the consistent crowds are a good testament to its place within the Phoenix culinary community.
4	Solid choice for Mexican food.  The best item I've had here is the Lisa Special, a large, buttery grilled quesadilla with chicken, green chile, and cheese.  The family that works here is friendly and eager to please.  Service was very good!
1	I love to support local business but CR needs some improvement. 2nd time here. Very slow service this time. Family kids help which can be good and bad. My wife got beef with her order. She can't eat beef. When we asked if it was pork they said yes. Well it was beef and now she is sick. Oh well. When they are full they can't handle the volume. Nice family but hire some help for peak times and when someone asks what is on their plate know what you are serving.  We won't return.
5	I LOVE the food here!  I think that they need to probably work on turning the tv to some thing everyone would enjoy and keep it off of Roping- Not to keen on that. Also as much as I love kids there are sometimes when you don't want them running through the dining room.  All in all the food is great but don't expect it to be a quiet romantic dinner :)
5	The Best Arizona Mexican Food Around!  Delicious!!!  Family owned and operated!!!!
1	my chimi was luke warm knew i shouldnt  of ate it now have major diarrhea never going back!! lady doing cooking and waitressing very slow! hire a dang waitress!
1	Bad!  Be aware!  Stay away!  Horrible service! I eat at many restaurants, really don't like to give such negative reviews, but in this case....stay away!  3 of us sick after meal!  I could go on and on!  Went with a group of 8 and we all felt the same way :(
4	If you want to eat authentic Mexican food come to this place, the machaca plate and their refried beans are my fav!The owners are really nice, the only thing that I can complaint about is the wait time, they really need to hire a waitress.
5	I won't hesitate to call Casa Reynoso the best Mexican Food in Arizona. My orders are always delicious and I am a long-time customer. My favorite dishes are their tacos, bean burritos and green chile. As far as sides go, the rice and beans are outstanding.Along with their excellent food, their service is top notch. If you enjoy Mexican food, you need to give this place a try!P.S. Don't forget to order a cheese crisp!
4	Fantastic food a little more authentic than a lot of places around here. Their enchilada sauce is amazing. The employees are very friendly. They could maybe use a little more filling in the enchiladas, for the price.
2	You can never have a second chance to make a first impression.I thought I would try this place out and support my local taco shop. Unfortunately I got screwed!Ordered a Combo platter and a muchaca taco.m to go. They have me my combo platter w no rice and no beans then handed me bean tostada instead of a muchca taco. The food was very bland and had no cheese on the enchilada, tacos or the bean burrito. For a combo plate and an extra taco it cost me $13, I will not be back and only have it 2 stars because I likes the customer service, but the food sucked! Fast food would have been better..
5	Casa Reynoso is the best. Always friendly family service and delicious food to boot. When my husband and I loved in Chandler we were here once a week. Favorite things include the Gallo burro, green chile pork, shredded beef tacos, rellenos and their cheese enchiladas! It's unpretentious, indulgent home cooked food. Their salsa is so addictive we used to buy it to go. We're now in California, but every time we're back in Phoenix we stop here. Still a friendly smile and warm greeting every time.
5	Favorite Mexican food restaurant for my family. I always order the machaca taco and side of beans. Their margaritas and salsa are wonderful. We eat there about every other week.
5	Don't get all the negative reviews.  The only bad thing you can say about the place is that it can be a little slow.   I go about once a month with the same group of guys from the office and everyone loves it.   I often go with a couple buddies, no complaints.Its not cheap, but the ingredients are not the borderline stuff you get at the chain places.
3	We go out for Mexican food quite often...I had been to the Mill Ave location many years ago so we figured we should try this location since we live close.  When we walked in it was a lil awkward, wasnt sure if a waitress sat us or if we ordered up at the counter. Eventually,  we were told to sit where we like. The waitresses weren't wearing uniforms or tags so I wasnt sure who worked there.  There were maybe 2 or 3 booths filled, so not a super busy place at 7pm.Thumbs up for coke products and the salsa was pretty good, a lil spicy but good.I figured I would get something safe, a taco, enchilada,  rice ans, beans. Food came out piping hot, however I have to admit I was disappointed.  The taco was super deep fried and greasy and only had lettuce, no cheese or tomato.. That's just how they do it. The beans were pretty good, and the enchilada was okay, not very flavorful and same goes with the rice. Service was okay,  once food came we were never checked on.Our experience wasnt bad, but there are other places I enjoyed more so im being fair and giving 3 stars
5	I almost gave only 3 stars just to trick people into not going to this wonderful and delicious restaurant (now that I found it, I don't want it to become so crowded I can't get in).  I have often visited the Globe location, and decided to try the location on Ray Road (Chandler) since I live pretty close by.  No Happy Hour :-(, but, the margaritas are absolutely delicious (although only mildly strong) and inexpensive.  Like Chile Rellenos?  They make the best!  Enchiladas are really excellent as well.  Taco's are good, but about the same as any other good Mexican restaurant.  Chips are perfect, salsa was good, but a little hot (which I normally love, but this was just "very good" in my opinion).  Service as a bit slow, but worth the wait!
3	Nothing really special here.  Service is nice but takes a while to get your food and I wasn't really blown away.  Salsa isn't really even good either.  Will likely try again but I don't have high hopes.
2	Maybe I am just spoiled with good Mexican food growing up in San Diego, but this plus is sub par at best. Flavor was lacking, food didn't seem that fresh and the salsa wasn't that great either. I really wanted to like it because it is so close to my house, but there was nothing special about it. :(
4	Go two to four times a month with co-workers.  Always a good experience at this family-owned restaurant.  Can be a little busy, but we tend to come in at 11 am to beat the crowd.  Always have the best service and very friendly.  We have several dietary constraints in the group and always willing to work around or find something on the menu for the vegan, gluten-free and other restrictions.
1	Not impressed. Food  was terrible. Did not feel me up. Cheap, however for what ur getting, its not wrth it. Wat mexican place dont have asada. Oh thats right this place. This is the 2nd time I came here, and what a disappointment.  I will be surprised if there around much longer!!! Just terrible food. Wood not recommend!!
4	Very very good. Kind of hard to see it from the street. Such big portions and amazing prices! Authentic Mexican food. Such good flavor
4	The red chili mixed burrito is delicious. The beans and rice were also very good with a homestyle flavor.
4	Have visited and enjoyed many meals in this quaint little family owned business.  When it comes to a good homemade Mexican meal this is one of the best.  This is not fast food or is it prepared, it is all home made fresh.  Wait a little longer for your meal, but, you will enjoy the results.  On some visits you may notice the children working on their homework or just helping with the patrons.  It is truly a family business.  Prices for their meals are very reasonable considering the quality.  You will get plenty to eat and may have to get a take home box.  They also have great Margaritas.  Give this one a try , you won't regret it.
5	The food is excellent!  Authentic Mexican food with great flavor.  My order always comes out hot and is made exactly as I order it.  The beans and rice are amazing and the tortillas are very fresh. The margaritas are a classic lime flavor. They sell coke products (even coke in a bottle). This is a family-owned and operated business so you will see kids helping out or hanging out.  Try the Nick special (ice cream) - you won't be disappointed!
