4	From the outside it is hard to tell whether this place will be nice or not.  Once inside you quickly realize that the staff take good care of this place.  The staff was very friendly and allowed me to check in early since they had the rooms available, which prevented me from having to wait around for 3+ hours to check in.  On top of that the room was super clean and looked like it had been recently updated.Additionally the general manager seemed to always be there taking care of customers and employees alike.  After talking with him it sounds like this hotel will only get better with new upgrades about to be started in the near future.
3	My gold standard for budget hotels is the Holiday Inn Express.  Granted, the HI Express now goes for $140/night, and this Super8 is about half as much at $70/night.  Yes, they have free breakfast with 3 different flavors of belgian waffles and they have free internet.  Yes, they also have interior corridors which make it feel much more like a hotel and not like a Motel 6.  Unfortunately, the walls are paper thin, so you can hear any conversation or TV noise from either room, on either side, and the whole place smells of old, smokey cheap hotel.  I will admit that it's not a bad deal for the money, and that the in-room microwave and refrigerator are nice, but I think you can do better - try the Extended Stay America just on the other side of I-10.
4	Hotel prices around Chandler are insane.  I stayed at Hilton Bayfront in San Diego for $90 (granted, during promotional period...).  I certainly was not about to choose Hilton Chandler at triple that price.However, at the under $90 range, acceptable choices basically come down to Red Roof Inn or Super 8.  The difference maker here is that there's a bus stop directly in front of Super 8.  Car rental in Phoenix is insane too, taxes and fees combine to more than double the daily rental price.  But I digress.This is actually the first time I stay at a Super 8.  I have to say that I am pleasantly surprised.  The room is small, but very functional.  I am furnished with a 32 inch LCD TV with a full cable line-up, a small fridge with a separate freezer compartment, a small microwave, and a coffee maker.  There is no iron inside the standalone closet though.  The bathroom is old, but well-maintained.  Room service furnished ample toiletries.  The bath towels, however, are definitely old and need to be replaced.A particular highlight during my stay is the high speed wireless internet.  At no point was there any disruption in service in terms of downtime or speed.  I was able to get quite a bit of work done during my stay.  However, my major complaint is that the walls are very thin and the air conditioning is too loud.  What this means is that when neighbors spend a night in, they will turn the TV up to as loud as possible (55/100 is the volume cap) so that they can hear it over the AC.  Unfortunately, their TV sounds will transmit directly through the wall.  One night, a neighbor kept ESPN on (with its sports anchors with full baritone voices) until 2 in the morning.  It completely killed my sleep and I was a walking zombie the next day.I called front desk to complain because the neighbor refused to open the door.  The front desk was unable to do anything either.  Thankfully, my other 2 nights were quiet and uneventful.This motel does give a limited selection of breakfast.  There's a collection of different pastries, toast, and bagels.  There are some fresh fruits as well, 4 different kinds of cereal, and pitchers of milk, OJ, and water.  A highlight is the waffle maker.  Unfortunately one of the three mornings I stayed there, the waffle makers were both broken.  Also, there's coffee.In the lobby, the motel offers two computers and pitchers of ice water and lemonade.  The housekeeping staff is very polite and thorough with their cleaning.  For $65 a night, I couldn't be any happier.  However, the fact that I lost a night of sleep due to unruly neighbor docks a star off of my rating.
4	Well the room is not to bad. The look is much nicer then most super 8 motels. I would stay here again. Pool was green lol
2	You get what you pay for.  Well, I got what they paid for.
4	Great for the price. I have no complaints. We had a non smoking room but there was a lingering odor in the hallway. Breakfast was very nice. There was fresh waffles,  oatmeal, cereal, yogurt, pastries,  fruit, and toast. The staff was kind and helpful. The pool and gym were okay, nothing special but nice to have available. I would definitely stay there again while im in Chandler.
2	Ok I know this isn't the four seasons or a Hilton for that matter but there are certain things that are unacceptable even at a super 8. When I entered my room both trashcans had trash in them. What ?!  When I left the room the next day I returned to find that the housekeeper took my soap and never replaced it. Who does that? Lastly the lighting in the room was so harsh!  can't one light not be fluorescent?
1	This hotel should be rated as a one star.  While they offer a free breakfast and the staff is pleasant the rooms are horible.  I will post a picture of the room tub that was taken a week ago.   The screens were torn on all of the windows in rooms 231, 233, and 237.  We requested non smoking rooms but all of the rooms we were assigned were smoking rooms as all of the non smoking room were sold out.  Understandably, there will be some smell of smoke in a smoking room; however, I have been in smoking rooms in Las Vegas that smelled better than the rooms we were given.  The bed runners, which are dark brown in color, were stained.  The sheets were dirty and the blankets were torn on the satin edges hanging by a thread.  The box spring even had what appeared to be blood spatter.  I honestly do not have the words to express the disappointment.  It was described by one of my coworkers as a "#$%@ hole" of a hotel.  I would have thought that Super 8 franchises are held to a high standard as they reflect on the company as a whole, especially being associated with the Wyndam Hotel Group that has resort properties all over the world.
3	This Super 8 Motel looks to be just renovated not too long ago. The beds are upgraded and nice and comfy...and the linens look relatively new. They serve continental breakfast in the morning, but its more of a breakfast bar than anything else. Still pretty decent. Look across the street for more food options though - especially for lunch/dinner!
5	Rolling into Phoenix after hours of driving, and with the temp well into the high 90s, I wanted a soft bed and a cool room. I got both.What you would expect room wise, two beds, TV, hair dryer, iron, nothing fancy... But everything was clean and worked. The AC was already blasting to 60 and the cool room felt amazing.The beds were clean and comfy, the shower got good pressure and was nice and warm in the morning. Staff were friendly and helpful.You're not getting a room at the ritz, but for a weary traveller this is a good cheap room and one of the better motels I've ever stayed in.
3	I have stayed at the Super 8 Motel - Chandler / Phoenix a number of times over the past eight years or so, and no longer stay anywhere else unless it is unavailable. It is a great value inexpensive, clean, safe, with very friendly and competent people.Easy access by red line to Wrigley, Commiskey, Downtown, Chinatown, etc., etc. Clark street offers a great variety of restaurants in both directions and I have never felt unsafe in the neighborhood. I have had a good experience at the Super 8 Motel - Chandler / Phoenix every time and am about to reserve a room for another weekend trip from Indianapolis via Amtrak.
