5	This is the hottest new spot in Scottsdale. Its very chill which is just what old town was needing. They have great music and very nice staff. The best parts are the big wheel patrons can spin and the beer bongs! My only complaint is with security. The doorman seemed to be overwhelmed and it was frustrating getting in, yes I know its part of Scottsdale holding a line and all that, but this guy didn't have a clue what was going on. They really need to get some pros in there to take control.
4	American Junkie is a great addiition to Scottsdale its laid back but hip at the same time. I can't really say much about this place except for watch out for the line it gets crazy and they have bottle service here which I think is a joke I would compare it to Maloney's having bottle service......ridiculous!
4	Wednesday night at American Junkie...RULEZ!!! So maybe I am a little biased with this review because I was filming in here tonight and the staff was extremely courteous to me.But overall this place rocks, very fun atmosphere, the food was great, and I had a comped tab, but the drinks I did pay for were reasonable priced. I got a chicken sandwich with the sweet potato fries and the fresh fruit everything was good! Plus the kitchen is open to midnight which is a huge plus for any club as far as I am concerned.The music rocked and ALL the shakers and movers of Scottsdale were at this place. Josh Royal and staff were great, will definitely be back!  This place should really get 4 and 1/2 stars!!!
1	I was going to cook last night, and I probably should have.When the beautiful Carin got home though, I heard myself saying "let's go do a happy hour someplace".We decided that walking distance was the right answer so we headed out into OTowSco (trademarked, first usage on March 18, 2009, pronounced "oh-tow-skoh", an alliteration consisting of the shortening of the phrase Old Town Scottsdale...I saw the amusing discussion about the origins of DoPho, NoPho, CenPho, etc. and I wanted to be the first, possibly the last and probably the only person to use OTowSco, but certainly...I want the credit!).The someplace turned out to be American Junkie. We went there a few times when it was the Tequila Grill and it was pretty decent then, so we thought we would give this place a try (some good reviews on Yelp, but apparently for the club part of the equation).As long as I'm making up words, how about "sadapointing" (I could also add craptacular, and couple of others, but I didn't make those words up). I don't like giving 1 star reviews, but these guys deserve it...truly!The trouble started right away. We walked in and they didn't seem to be very busy for a happy hour, but no one greeted us. 2 of the owner or managers were sitting right near the door when we walked but didn't so much as smile at us. The server had a party of 10 or so, and 2-3 parties of 2-4 people, but she was the only server in the place. I finally asked the bartender if we could sit anywhere and he grunted "yes".5 minutes pass and finally the server comes by to bring menus and take our drink order. The beautiful Carin orders hot tea and I order a dry vodka martini with a twist. We also order appetizers, since that's what we came for.Another 10 minutes pass and she finally brings out our drinks...cold water in coffee cup for the tea and dirty martini (gin) with 3 olives. I said, "this is wrong" and she said "how do you make a dry vodka martini?"...I could not make this up!Another 5 minutes go by and she finally brings out hot water for Carin and a martini glass full of relatively cold vodka, but no twist. When I ask about the lemon twist she says she will go right back and get it.The food arrives and about 5 minutes later, so does the "twist"...they took a lemon wedge and tried to scrape out the pulp and just give me the rind!I thought the rep on this place was that it was a drinks spot that just happens to serve decent food.How the frak (I used to use another word but in this post-Battlestar Galactica world, it seems that "frak" is more socially acceptable...whatever) can they screw things up this badly? How can a bartender at place like this not know how make the simplest drinks? It was just too funny!The food was mediocre at best, and by the time the bill came (and that's the only thing that gets this place a star...$22 for 3 appetizers and a marti), the servers hand was shaking because she was so nervous about even seeing us again.Carin and I were almost rolling on the floor laughing about how poor place was, so we had an entertaining evening, in spite of it all. We actually had fun rehashing the funny parts as we strolled home through mean streets of OTowSco (you read it here first)I don't think we will go back to American Junkie anytime soon.
3	Dudes- don't leave your hair gel at home; you don't want to feel like a tool for not having perfect hair when everyone else here does. Make sure you've been hittin the gym too- muscles are necessary for entry. Don't be surprised when your bathroom line is longer than the ladies. I'm sure this has happened in the history of the earth before, and it will happen at American Junkie. Ladies- wear a hot dress, heels. Dress to the 9s. Some people think they are in Vegas here and you should too. Don't expect to get a drink at the bar any easier because of your sex. Try to score some free booze from guys above with table service. DJ- Great music. Don't change a thing.
3	happy hour until 7p here on a fri night.  drinks half-price.  not bad, right?  i tired the vicky secret drink which was good and was only $4-$4.5 at the half-price.  after 2 of those I was feeling the buzz...one annoying thing was people would get up on the bar, spin a wheel and had to do some performance on the bar.  not cute.  we left after the drinks went up.  next stop- next door to drift......
2	First off I would like to thank Donald S. for creating such a great alliteration for OTS (Old Town Scottsdale). Now onto American Junkie, first I would have to say that the name does represent some of the people that go in here. I was there last Sunday, for some reason I decided to go out and have a few drinks which landed me here and all I could think is how in the hell is this place so busy for a Sunday night? And then I came to my senses and realized that I was in Scottsdale, I forgot 85% of the people there live off of mommy and daddy. I arrived there with two of my friends and it only took us a measly 15 minutes to get drinks. The bartenders manage to serve drinks and never look up at the bar, pretty amazing talent if I say so! Secondly all the drunk ass chicks dancing on the bar was definitely a no-go. I mean come on if you truly are going to have a dance off on the bar why don't you try pick out some girls that can actually stand, it might work a little better as well as help you avoid a lawsuit. The only thing I could appreciate was they had a table setup outside on the patio for people to play beer-pong. Now let me clarify, I appreciated that they took time to think that people would like to play, did not appreciate the drunk assholes playing beer pong and throwing beer all over the patio. I might give this place another chance but then again why should I? There are so many other places in OTS that are a lot funner!
2	I think the fact that...A) my boobs are realB) my style is very untrashy/un-stripperishC) I don't have nappy hair extensionsD) my IQ is higher than my cup size...equates to why I did not care for American Junkie. My friend and I got there around 10:30 on Saturday night and the line was pretty long. Luckily because we were just two girls (the rest of our group was already inside), we got to go to special "girls only" line. Ooooo, how VIP. Luckily one of our friends inside didn't want to stay, so I got my friend and I each a mixed drink to wash down quickly. Mixed drinks are $7 which is typical of OTS.All told, I was at American Junkie for about 20 minutes, but in those 20 minutes...wow, did I do some amazing people watching. The people watching is the only reason I could see to come to this place. I do have three suggestions as a result of said fantastic people watching:1) Guys - put the hair gel down! Seriously most girls think spiked hair is...well...douchey.2) Girls - if you have fake boobs, please don't concave your back to stick your fake boobs out more. We all know they are fake just by looking at them. Sticking them out and then looking at them all night does not make them appear more real.3) Girls - if you are wearing short shorts or a barely there jean skirt, wear a more modest top. We don't need to see boobs and butt; just one is more than enough thanks.
2	This place is trying to be too many things at one time. It was a strange mix of trashy dos gringos meets snobby dirty pretty. Don't get me wrong i actually enjoy dirty pretty but the mix itself was just bizare to me. Trash- The girls on the bar constantly spinning the "wheel of fortune" type contraption (obnoxious). While i was there a fight broke out, for the usual heels required dress code typically seen in scottsdale bars this one didn't seem to have that Snobsdale-many of your typical scottsdale club junkies, bleach blond hair, fake books, too small attire, heavily gelled hair,etcOverall it was an okay experience but there it was just trying to accomplish way to much in one bar/club.
2	Had a pretty awful time at this bar.  The service was distracted and heartless on many accounts.  The place looks like it should be in a mall, overly polished and plastic.  Over-priced drinks, which sound like good ideas, often come out overly sweet or poorly made.  I would say get here before 7pm to have an okay time by getting a good deal.I was going to get food but the bartender never came back.Gross clientele as well.  Greasy and silicone, and both not in a good way.
3	I'm only giving this place three stars but I actually like it. I've been many times now so I feel like I can give a pretty good assessment of how it works... Here's the deal: it's trying to be Studio 54 in the 1970s under the guise of table reservations. There are two lines. The lines for the nobodies and groups of dudes (sheepishly raises hand) and the line for the douchy frat brothers of the bouncers and the ladies who blow them or steal blow from them. In fairness, the door guy for the nobody line is pretty cool as he remembered me when I left and came back out of a sea of douchebauchery he'd seen that night and I always have plenty of time to talk to him as I wait, like an asshole. As an aside, I don't have a very high opinion of the typical Scottsdale bimbo/DB. Someday, I'll write about my crazy night with G-girl who has gained a certain amount of dirtoriety on the Dirty.com. To sum it up, I spend the better part of a night with her, save her from a skeazy rickshaw driver and she never asked my name. They are typically very attractive, which is what they focus all of their energy on so it makes sense. But goddamn are they vapid. I find it hard to believe... In fact, I don't believe they're even half as stupid as they try to appear to be but the personal glory they achieve in the Fembot department is completely mind blowing. All body, no soul.Anyway, the line situation they have is made for the cool kids to be cool and the people like me to remember that my place, my home, is in Phoenix, 85003. Represent! Inside, nothing is notable except for the wheel. Girls dance on the bar and spin the wheel. And it's fun to watch because: 1) they have on short skirts 2) if they're wearing pants the chances of them at least being pulled down is high. I'm a cheap thrills guy. And that's a wrap!
3	This place is definitely not my scene, but I had to give it 3 stars anyway for a few reasons:1) We got there before the line formed, so we just walked right in.2) We had a table because we were celebrating a birthday, so free drinks + table equates to a pretty good time for me3) When I did go to the bar for two vodka Sprites, they were $5 each.  A nice change from the $12 a piece they would have been in LA.As a sidenote, I never would have believed all of the things I have heard about Scottsdale, but I saw first hand that they are true.  Every single guy works out (a lot) and wears tight ed hardy t- shirts to show it off.  Once again, definitely not my scene.
2	Okay...so i used to live in (south) Scottsdale and I was totally one of THOSE people. You know...the ones who talk so much shit about Scottsdale but somehow end up there every weekend (not at the overly douchey clubs, but places that were still very much Scottsdale). I moved to San Francisco about a year ago so I'm not too sure if things have changed in the Scottsdale scene, but I doubt it and since this is one of the few (if not only) new places that has opened since I left some friends of mine wanted to check it out when I was home for a visit since they heard good things about it. Here were the good things I noticed: 1) The bouncer was actually pretty cool. We had a group of 5 girls and 2 guys and that was a good enough ratio for him to let us right on in. On the rare occasion when I would go to a place in Scottsdale where they had a line and I would be the ONLY guy amongst my group of girlfriends the bouncers would often give us a hard time, so this guy was okay in my book (although after reading other reviews maybe I should consider myself just lucky).  2) Even though the drinks were typical Scottsdale prices and came in those over-sized shot glasses they love to serve drinks in my Vodka tonics were actually pretty strong. However, that's all I can say that's good about this place. The thing that REALLY bothered me is that from what I understand this place tries to portray an image that there NOT "typical Scottsdale." Well guess what? You didn't fool me!!! I saw the same lines (both to get into the club and on the sink counters in the bathroom), the same gelled up douche bags, and the same dis-proportioned girls (seriously if you're a size 0 those DD's aren't gonna suit you honey, a B cup would have been fine) that you find at Myst or Axis. But you know what? For as much as I loathe those places at least they own the fact that they want to cater to this type of crowd and aren't trying to pretend otherwise. From what I understand this place is a little more laid-back during happy hour and for day drinking on the weekends (but I should hope so!!!), and if I'm ever there at either of these time I'll be sure to update this review, but for right now two stars is all you get...
1	This place was terrible. I don't even know how I got roped into going in here. If I would have know what it is in there, I would have turned around. Lame place.
2	Hate is a strong word, but I genuinely dislike this place.  I'm not exactly sure why.  Maybe a rundown of my Junkie experience will help me figure it out.The line was ridiculously long for a place that seemed like just a bar and not a nightclub.  I wasn't in the mood to wait in line, so my friend pulled one of his sneaky moves that gets us in every time... working in television has it's perks.  Once inside, I felt confused and at odds with my surroundings.  The music made it too loud to talk, but there was no place to dance.  The place was packed and getting up to the bar proved challenging.  I gave my friend a desperate 'I need a drink asap because I already hate this place' look and together we muscled our way to the counter.  After we got our drinks, my friend and I wondered aimlessly around the place and we just couldn't settle on a comfortable spot to chill.  We finished our drinks and left.Sounds fun, I know.I just didn't feel the place at all.  The people were not my kind of people.  The girls all looked the same.  I can't stand when a bunch of girlfriends look like each other, not everyone needs to have the same stupid hairdo.  There was something off about the guys too.  I did not find even one remotely attractive.  They all seemed either oily, overly metro-sexual, or inflated with a false sense of self.  I did give it another shot on a Thursday night and ended up leaving before my friends again.  Mostly because I actually have a real job that requires my brain to start functioning by 8:30, but also because I just wasn't feeling it.After typing my lame experience and thus reliving it, I still can't figure out exactly why I can't have a good time at American Junkie.  I just can't and I really should not need to try that hard, right?If I end up going back and having a good time, I will let you know.  Just don't hold your breath.
3	Ehh, this place is OK, definitely the hot spot right now, but only cause its new.It seems like almost ALL the really beautiful women come here..... but right behind them are the gayest, douchiest guys in town. I mean seriously you would think it was a themed party or something.I'm a 27 year old dude from the midwest.  Very down to earth and love to party with the best of them.  I've lived in the area for about 5 years.I've been here a few dozen times.  The setup is pretty cool if you like to chill out and not dance.  Why?? cause they don't really have a dance floor, not that I'm a big dancer or anything, unless their playin biggie.  The patio's are good.  This place will definelty get a line formed after 11 or so, but nothing too ridiculous, 30min tops.  If you don't want to wait in the line, just get here 20min earlier, I know crazy concept.
5	I love this spot.  Extremely fun, great ambiance, and very good looking waitresses/crowd.Yes there are a good amount of graphic-tee wearing muscleheads and bosom-bearing harlots, but any nice spot in Scottsdale you're going to get your fair share.  If you can get beyond this, not worry so much about other people, and be yourself, this place is a blast.There are Bud Light tallboys that they serve in paper bags.  They seem to have a lot of theme-days, for example, I dropped by during Oktoberfest, and there is supposedly Halloween week and all sorts of shenanigans.The big wheel at the top of the bar is a fun time, in addition to some crazy options like "Get Kicked Out of the Bar", there's winning money and getting drinks (girls only).  One of the funniest moments I had in the bar was when a bachelorette party won $25 bux and they "made it rain" in the bar, that was hilarious and awesome at the same time.Awesome, one of my favorite bars out here.
2	Unfortunately Junkie was lacking in many areas for me. A group of girlfriends and I got a VIP table for a birthday party over the weekend. We were fortunate enough to have a contact within the staff to get us the table last minute. Much thanks for that!! However from the door I was already less than impressed.... For what was supposed to be a VIP line was filled with about 30 guys, which the door guy couldn't be bothered to let in 10 girls ahead of them for ANY reason. BS and Lame! Then when it came time for our turn to be let in I notice that being in the VIP line means nothing really. He didn't ask our names, if we had a table, nothing. Just let us walk right in. We had to go back and ask what the heck we were to do to get our reserved table... then the light bulb finally went of in his head and he got us taken care of. The table was nice and big and close to the bar, a little too close to the bar. We didn't have much comfort room, people were practically dancing on our table. Once we got settled the server came over to figure out what bottle we wanted.... the first time she came to the table to pour our drinks was about the only positive time we encountered her, or at all. She only came by the table twice. We were constantly looking for her, either for a rag to clean up a spill, to pour more drinks or to even get the tab. I finally had to go stand next to the register to hunt her down. As I hand her the cash and one credit card to pay the table and said "the REST on the card" as we all know that means apply the cash first.... she ran my card for the ENTIRE bill, thinking she was getting a $180 tip? Are you serious!?  After about 10 min we finally got is figured out and were able to leave. Over all I would say we had a great time, thanks to the drinks and shots, and over all lack of giving a s*** at the time. But the birthday girl was a bit stressed with having to deal with the service and I was more than peeved trying to pay the darn bill and get the hell outta there to catch up with my party. If you get a VIP table request that it not be in the main walk way! And let your server know that you want her to actually serve you. I know that they get crazy busy, but if you are serving a bottle service table, don't expect to get a huge tip if you do NOTHING for them. Party on!
4	I really like this place.  It's usually my place of choice when my friends and I want to expend some energy.  I like the patios, which is a great place to meet people.  This is an alternative to a club, so don't come if you're looking for a bar scene (go to The Lodge, which is right across the street if that's what you're looking for).  The patios are a good place to actually have a conversation, so I usually tend to hang out around there.  Overall, it tends to get ridiculously crowded around 12:45am, at which point it's just like any other place in Old Town.
3	Three stars is probably the best way to speak about this bar.  I have been a couple of different times, and am not sure if I like it or I don't.Probably the best experience that I had was for a friends birthday party.  We got to the bar nice and early, and didn't have to wait in the ridiculous line (I used to be in the industry, so me and lines don't really get along) to get into the spot.  We got to know our bartender when it was slow, and thus were able to get drinks going as fast as possible.  The company was great and thus we had an awesome time.Another time that I really enjoyed, we rolled up after a very successful trip to Vegas and I played baller for a second, and got our group a table on the patio in the fall.  That was awesome.  Good times with good people.There have been other times that I have gone to American Junkie, and just not felt it.  The music can tend to be too loud, and thus the patios are my favorite spot to hang out.  The flow of the bar is terrible, and extremely segmented.  There are several places that the bar bottlenecks.  No bueno.All in all it is a spot that I will head to, but not a place that I am screaming if we don't hit up when the crew is out in Old Town.
1	Loud, obnoxious music.  Obscene wait to get in.  An even more obscene wait to get a drink.  Ridiculous patrons.  The feeling of either being a sardine or herded cattle, take your pick.  I can say that I will not choose to come here again.  I will have to be dragged kicking and screaming like a 4 year old child who didn't get the toy they wanted whilst patronizing my Target store.  Skip it.Oh.  The one star is for the drunk skanky women that end up dancing on the bar.  I am nothing if not a weak man.
3	Ok folks...Lets talk Junkie. And no, I'm not talking about the newest intervention or hoarders. I first came here with my roommate and neighbor. I was pretty taken back by the crowd waiting. But like any good yelper, we just walked right up to the front and got right in! Holy crap it was packed inside. We could barely move and forget about a place to sit down. Luckily we met a group that was willing to share their tiny spot with us. We were right next to the ice cream case. Yes, you heard me right, free ice cream. Not the combination I would give out with liqueur. Seems like a combo for a bad night. The people are very nice and everyone seems to be in the party spirit. How could you not be with a wheel of death and free trucker hats? I always make it a point to grab a hat before I go. Drinks I hate to say are pretty pricey (like any Scottsdale club). But that is just something you have to get used to if you want to party in Scottsdale. But the bar seems to have a heavy hand so it is worth the price. When you come here expect the random. Its a big frat house and you're just visiting it. And I did I mention they give out ice cream?! Huh?
1	At first glance, the bar itself is simple, spacious and not terribly offensive. Early in the evening, it wasn't bad - can't really F-up a Coors Light, right? The music was fun and people seemed to be having a good time.  The crowd, on the other hand, consisted of a horde of ill-mannered college dropouts with a sprinkling of men in their mid-30s who are clearly in denial about the last decade (I saw puka shells. I'm not kidding).   The cloud of pretension was thick and completely unwarranted.  Reminded me of a pompous version of Senor Frogs. Not for me.
1	Seriously?! People are lining up to come here? Embarrassing...At first I thought maybe I was just getting too old for this sh!t but no.. it's not me. This place is loud! (What?!) LOUD! (Huh?!) Don't even bother talking, just smile and shake your ass.Bring your own drink because you WILL be old by the time you get served and then you'll be broke from $9 drinks. And the bartenders charge me something different each time. Come on now! As a member of the 30K-Milli club, you know I won't be able to fill up gas in my parents Benz now!The only thing great about this place is that the girls are slutty. I like seeing flashes of their Lady Gagas and TaTas but its not worth the wait.
4	Awesome bartender on the patio! Way great drink specials!! Don't come here to have conversations, folks. It's LOUD!! Great DJ spinning crazy dance music. Place gets way crowded so get there early and snag a spot to people watch!!
3	my gf and i were at a different bar and security guard said scottsdale is "la's slutty cousin" i think the shoe kind of fits here a friend recommended we check out this place since we didn't have any clue where to go we decided to give it a shot. i think this place would be awesome if you're on the verge of being blacked out/ really plastered right before you walk in the door. its a really big venue with 3 different bars to visit. it gets really crowded but people were relatively friendly which i enjoy. i would return for another visit but next time with a nice drunken glaze on me before i hit the door
2	Plan to wait in line for nothing....An utter hovel of a joint frequented by "Daddy's money" GAY-SU students and skanks in overpriced dresses from the "Chinese Store"...These hoochies have been known to be seen on the Discovery channel special about evolution. The bar actually lets them get up there, smearing they shoes on the bar to spin this wheel so they can get even more intoxicated...You may see one girl that looks somewhat classy, but guaranteed in less than 15 minutes time, she will be the epitome of a bona fide slut, due to her ghastly appearance and freakishly grotesque display of makeup and chonch hair as she dances carelessly upon the bar. The floors are a sticky mess, there are stairs in all the wrong places, the DJ is alright but the lighting is crap.....the bartenders are jerks, overpriced drinks...but if you are looking to run a train on someone this is the ideal spot.....
2	Let's keep this short and sweet.Service: F- Our waitress was rude, slow, and overall- just annoyed by the idea of serving us.Patio: B The patio is out front, but the view on the south side is mostly obscured by plants and metal poles. What's the point of having an outdoor patio in front if you can't people watch on a Friday night?Food: A In my ongoing search of the best veggie burger, I ordered the black bean burger and seasoned fries. Good texture to the burger, lots of flavor, and a little bit of spice from the black beans. The fries were delicious too- shoe string with lots of seasoning.Price: Let's just say that I probably wouldn't go outside of happy hour.
1	this place sucks. Behind the posh veneer created by nice architecture and beautiful women lies a shitty bar. I could only fit into this place if I waxed my eyebrows, gained 30 pounds of steroid induced muscle, leased a BMW, and purchased the flashiest affliction/ed hardy v-neck t-shirts. This place has it's head so far up it's bleached asshole that it's missing out on quality patrons.
3	Sometimes reading yelp reviews can really screw up your night.  To some people it was good, and to you it wasn't or vice versa.  My friends really wanted to go here, and of course, being a yelper I just had to see how many stars it has.  This place has 2.5 stars...YELP, YOU DID NOT FAIL ME TONIGHT!!!This place was just so weird.  I don't even think about music videos now a days, but if you come here, it's your lucky day to see those videos for those one hit wonder songs.  Seriously i was more interested in the music videos then the place itself.  I was really shocked how long the line was to get in here.  I was like..really?It was okay service, however I really hate places that keep their bar stools up even late at night.  It really irritates me when people are sitting there with a big group of friends, when obviously people want to buy drinks but can't cuz of your lazy ass!  ....At least there were cheap drinks!  Thank god they were cheap drinks because I was drinking so much since I didn't want to be sober then.The music was ...doable.  A lot of 80/90's hits.  One of the things I really liked about this place was the diversity.  To be honest, just to be racist, I thought Scottsdale was some rich white city where only rich white people go to.  I was pleased with the diversity!  It definitely spiced things up!I would give this place 2 stars, but out of all the nights I went to, I saw Shane Battier from the Houston Rockets there, so plus one for the stars!!!
4	This is a pretty hot spot in Scottsdale.  Wait was long even though we were in the VIP line.  Next time I'll get a table.   Club is a great mix of the Scottsdale club type and the Scottsdale graphic tee type.  Definitely a good mix here.
2	I don't get why there is always a line to get into this place. The word "junk" is in the title... and it lives up to its namesake.I've only ever been here to meet up with friends at night - and it's definitely not a place I would choose to go to on my own. The layout is weird - I've I dig the patio, but to have the VIP seating smack dab in the middle of the room and right where you walk in causes a lot of crowding by the entrance. And then the dance floor is always hard to get to when the place is filled. But I don't think I'd want to hang out there anyway - there's always some slightly overweight and drably dressed women dancing up on the platform. I'm in no way considering myself dance club elite or a Scottsdale Snob, but I go out in Scottsdale as opposed to Tempe because I've grown out of that college kid scene, but I guess Scottsdale still thinks it's cool.As for the drinks, nothing special. Although I found it strange that they used plastic party cups when serving pitchers of beer. This place reeks of the shoddy clubs you can find on Mill during the semester. There are definitely better places to go in Old Town. I think AJ's attempt at trashy glamour just comes off trashy.
3	This is my first exposure to Scottsdale nightlife. I came here right after spending about 1 hour at Dirty Pretty.The good part of it was that I was no longer at Dirty Pretty (god I hate nightclubs) so I was actually excited to be in a regular bar, order a cocktail and chill by the bar. yeah right. Although it looks like a bar, it still very much behaves like a nightclub.The bar has a wheel where, after you climb on top to spin it, you get to do whatever shot is shown there or whatever 'action' is there as well.  The 3 girls I was with managed to do blowjob shots and push ups all while wearing a micro cocktail dress (is it really a dress if it barely covers your crotch?) and matching platform hooker heels. Granted I felt a little out of place for being the only girl wearing jeans, or the only girl with naturally brown hair, or the only girl not wearing 5lbs of makeup. damn Scottsdale.... your girls are high maintenance.The guys there were pretty much in 'hunting' mode too. One accidental look-in-the-eyes and they swore you desperatelty wanted them. Sorry, i'm not into popped collars and I don't like the fact that your wear more gel than I do, or any, for that matter, but thanks!The drinks prices are standard-high (but then again its Scottsdale so you should know better), but I still recommend this place rather than many of the nightclubs in the area because it has a rather big open seating/terrace where you can escape from sweaty men and armani exchange cologne and attempt to have a good time. Aaaaand, despite me being ridiculously mean about this place, I did have a good time (but then again, who doesn't when you are drinking heavily, right?);)
1	We went here on a night where they closed off part of the street to have a party... AND the best part was, there was actually a group of guys who paid for a "table" and another group of people who I am convinced were there just to take pictures of themselves for Facebook. This place is very.. very. very. very. lame.
4	I was surprised to like this place, given the lackluster reviews on here. Way decent bar food for a reasonable price. Great wings. Nice service. Lotsa eye candy. We had fun!
4	I love the fact that this is a Steelers Football bar...definitely makes me a fan!  We watched the game this morning with Steelers fans and enjoyed $3 Iron City beer in the can and free yellow Jello shots - not a bad way to spend a Sunday morning!
4	At night this place is a pretty standard Old Town bar, but if you are an OSU football fan then come here for the games! It's packed with buckeyes.... Probably the closest to home I've felt since moving out here, plus they offer 5 cent beers one hour before kickoff.
1	At least American Junkie is honest. By including the word "junkie" in their title, they let you know up front that they are a manifestation of the word. Also spelled as "junky" this adjective can be defined as - "having the quality (or being like) junk, cheap or of low quality" - and it perfectly describes everything about this place.The laughably long line of people waiting to get in on a Fri/Sat night? Junky.The bouncers? Unbelievably Junky.The patrons you meet once you finally get inside the bar? Junky.The food? Junky.The too crowded bar area? Junky.The wait to get one measly drink? Junky.The service? Junky.The wait staff that is more concerned about their looks than their tables? Junky.The dance floor filled with d-bags and wannabes? Junky.Unfortunately, I've been here more than once (not voluntarily as once was more than enough) and I always have a junky time. I don't like to waste my time doing junky things as Scottsdale has so much more to offer, and I also don't like buying junky things. Basically, it comes down to the fact that I refuse to spend my hard earned dollars at a place that continually promotes a junky atmosphere and junky customer service.
3	This is the place to be if you are looking for a casual place to go to where you can grab some drinks and dance. The dress code is really easy compared to the other bars and clubs in old town. Place gets pretty packed most of the time and usually  has a long line. Overall great kick back environment with different types of music.
3	Sunday - American Junkie turns into a Steeler bar...they have plenty of TV's all showing just the Steeler game.Well Im not a steeler fan...lol...but had a good time.Food and drinks... Pittsburgh beers available that are not found elsewhere or liquor store. Price is on the high side for everything.Crowd... Younger crowdDecor.... everything is done up nice...if your a steelers fan...even a steel curtain on the way to the restroomsOVERALL... I can say It was plenty packed and very hard to get a drink and service was poor. Food came out just warm. I think they are very $$$ and would go elsewhere ..unless u like the steelers..then prob found yourself a pricey home.
4	sunday, or whenever the steelers are on, junkie turns into steelers nation. which is great for me since im a fan.. every tv is the steeler game, so dont think you can come in and get a different game, sucka.5 cent beer an hour before kickoff, breakfast menu, pittsburgh menu including pierogies, drinks like iron city and yuengling. not at a cheap price, but i guess if you really want that pgh vibe, its there. jello shots for steelers touchdowns is something to look forward to.usually a popcorn machine is present, and an ice cream bar freezer as well.waitstaff is typically friendly, pretty, funny, pretty funny, crazy. for the rest of the weekdays, they have happy hour 4-7p. i think its half off apps/drinks. food is good. wings are good. they also have scattered weekend and nightly specials.definitely gets packed and douchey on the weekend so beware.get junked.go steelers.
5	I really liked this place! Went here for happy hour with some coworkers and a few ordered food which smelled good, though I'm not sure how it tasted (I didn't hear any complaints).The outdoor seating areas were really cute and comfortable with lots of space for any number of people in your party.The drink menu was really inventive -- I had the Blueberry Lemondrop and it was DEEELICIOUS, with muddled blueberries. Yum!I know it's weird to give 5 stars for a bar/lounge but if you think about it, they deliver on the main points -- good drinks, great prices, tons of seating -- makes for a great time!
1	this place is a big joke, why do people go there?? big line?? lol woowww   Service is slow, slowwwww. 40min to order drinks, and i tip 40%, your loss sweetie.
2	The only way to have a good time at Junkie is to get there early and snag a table, or be a hot 20 year old and butter up the bouncer... and then the bartender when you get inside.   If either of those doesn't work for you, then plan on waiting in a long line and getting terrible service at the bar.    Don't let my opening statement steer you away, there is potential for a good time here.  Of the handful of times I've subjected myself to the low scale, high priced, barely 20 something bar, I've had fun twice.   The key both of those times was getting a table!! The waitress counts on you for her tips, so she will be attentive and she has "pull" with the bartender so you can get your drinks way quicker.   Every time I've had to go to the bar, I've been completely ignored. Now, I'm no supermodel, but I'm not too sore on the eyes either... not even my D cups worked!  At our last visit we actually ordered some appetizers, they were just okay, but exactly what I would expect from bar food.  I struggle with my rating because I would give Junkie a 3 for the two times I had a good experience, but 1.5 for the others.  I guess that tells me that my fellow yelpers have done us solid with a current rating of 2.5.
3	Went here on a Wednesday evening after flying for 4 hours from Chicago to AZ: I was hungry and wanted a drink, and was in town for work, but wanted to hang with my friends as well.long story short: the drinks were weak, the food was awesome (shrimp tacos were infinitely better than I imagined they would be at such a place), it got insanely crowded after about midnight.If you don't look like a douchebag or aren't wearing heels and a miniskirt you might feel slightly out of place, only reason this place is getting a decent rating is because the tacos were awesome and they have a nice patio.  Get there early if you want to have a good time free of stilettos and sunglasses worn at night.
4	The Good:  Prettiest girls in AZ. Before midnight 70% girls in the club.The Bad: Girls leave around midnight and it becomes sausage fest.The Ugly: After midnight it's too packed, line too long, 70/30 ratio of men and women.
2	3 of us went for Saturday lunch. "Skinny Chick" lunch special is ANY salad and light beer for $8. No * by the special indicating fine print. But they charged me $2 for the chicken in my BBQ CHICKEN chop salad. Obviously $2 isn't much, but it's the principle and was just extra annoying after the already poor service!* One of us asked for no mayo or cheese on a burger. Got both* One of us asked for an American Burger with turkey patty. Got a beef patty.* However, my BBQ chicken chop salad was yummy! Even if they did charge me $2 more for chicken...Will return for drinks, not food
5	Great Happy Hour, great menu, great people, and the best night club in OT after 10pm Wednesday, Friday and Saturday!!!  Happy Hour is from Monday - Friday with specials that cant be beat! Delicious NEW MENU!!! Happy Hour includes 1/2 off all appetizers and liquor from 4pm-7pm with extended Happy Hour on Fridays until 10pm.Saturday and Sunday, breakfast menu is available until 2pm and they also have $5 Redbull Vodkas, Mimosas, Mojitos, and Margaritas until 10pm.Don't forget to stop in and try the NEW MENU items! Some of my favorites are the Chicken Pesto brick oven pizza, the skinny burger, the Brisket Sandwich, and the Chicken and Veggies plate!!!
4	Let's start with American Junkies happy hour,  which features half off drinks & apps.  You have to try the fried pickles & Grilled street corn.  For an entree I recommend the beef brisket, or southwest burger.  If you saved any room for desert, you have to get the banana split, it is enormous & delicious.  Then if you want to stay & play late American Junkie morphs into a fun dance spot.  You'll be plenty entertained by the girls that get up to spin the wheel and it's always packed which makes for good people watching.  Overall a great time for any time of day :)
5	i LOVE this place. i've been to numerous bars, grills, and restaurants. there is NOTHING i don't love about this place. first, the food is outstanding, quality, and large portions. happy hour has 1/2 off all drinks and 1/2 off all appetizers. these are not your normal typical bar appetizers and they do not skimp on portions. they have a great large bowl of mac and cheese with bacon as an appetizer and ends up costing $3. they give you a full plate of large wings with numerous choice of flavors. 12 large wings. not 6-8 like alot of poor happy hours give you. they have a large appetizer list with a variety of great and unique choices. they're awesome and super cheap on happy hour and still priced well off of happy hour. all drinks 1/2 off!! all, not selected, not reduced priced by $1.  half off period. can't beat it. they have large 64 ounce pitchers of mojitos, redbull and vodka, beer, and other drinks for $20. seriously, i've been to happy hours where 1 redbull and vodka is $7.50 alone. nevermind 64 ounces. i've had their chicken dinners, pasta dinners, numerous appetizers. all outstanding. the atmosphere has lots of big plasmas to watch any game. their seating is unique. they have large tables with part of the seating like a long comfy couch and the other seating are chairs. very comfortable. it's a cool restaurant and sports bar that you can have great food, super cheap drinks, quality, fun, and it's also good for families. there is an area that sits away from the bar area. i've been there multiple times and it's never busy. it's hidden and you can't see it from a major road. it's arounds indian school & scottsdale rd. Go there. try it. happy hour 4-7. Love everything about this place and only wish i lived closer.
4	Fun crowd, cool bouncers, drinks were a little weak but they were cheap so we didn't mind.  I definitely plan on returning the next time I am in the area.
4	Really nice bar and a great tv set up. Their cherry limeade cocktail is a very unique and tastes great.
4	I just came in here to eat for my sister's birthday and I thought it was pretty tasty. We ordered 2 appetizers, nachos with chicken and fried pickles. I loved the nachos but fried pickles aren't my thing really. I ordered the junkie burger and that definitely ruled. Egg on a burger with bacon, couldn't pass it up. It was delicious! We all split the giant banana split between the 8 of us and there was plenty leftover. I definitely recommend checking this place out.
5	I am not one for clubs the continual "dance dance dance," but Junkie has the best blendThe weekend extravaganza started on a Wednesday (hehe) , if it was up to me it would have ended here. Why I like this place: Get past the Scottsdale douchbag; you want to truly know what a Dbag is...go to scottsdale. Although, in a wonderful turn of events I must say I have never received so many  free shots from people I just met, and if you are like me and enjoy fun conversation, people here are picking up what your laying down. R\_NOte: I have a theory, I think people go to places lik this and clubs because of one underlying feeling....feeling on an implicit boredom. hmmm ponder.
2	This place is only awesome if you are one of three things: 1. an Ohio State fan, 2. a metrosexual, or 3. someone trying to hook up with an Ohio State fan or metrosexual...Everyone else, do yourself a favor and go to any one of the many hundreds of awesome bars in old town that will happily accommodate the general public.
2	Good deal on happy hour- but service absolutely sucks. Finished a drink waiting to order food.
4	Went there to see UFC129. Not a bad seat in the house for any sporting events. Huge LCD tv's everywhere. Bartender made excellent drinks and the wings made me tap out. I'm a wuss what can I say.
5	I cannot believe I am giving this place five stars.  16 year-old punk rawk me would look at [redacted] year-old me and punch me squarely in the nads if he thought I would ever be caught dead in a buttlicking Scottsdale frat-bro bar.  And even though it smells like trenbolone, Axe Body spray, and quiet feminine desperation, I can't help but love this place.  Awesome bar staff and - wait, what??? - friendly, respectful bouncers.  Beer is cheap, mixed drinks are strong-ish.  Usually a diverse crowd.  Never had food here, so I can't comment on that, but they do have free ice cream.  Do you know what goes really splendidly with lots-o-shots of I-Don't-Know?  Ice cream.  Who knew, right?  Did I mention that sometimes, people will just hand you drinks here?  And they don't know what's in them?  I'd advise my sister not to accept free, unsolicited shots from a stranger, but I'm not one to take my own advice.As a healthy straight man, I really appreciate the lack of clothing most female patrons wear here.  Combine that with the wheel-of-shots up on the bar, and at times Junkie feels like the pre-party before a Roman orgy, in the good kind of way. So I would tell my 16 year-old punk rawk self to chill the F out, and that by the time you're [redacted] years old, you'll really be beyond caring what everyone else is doing unless it amuses you.  And everything amuses me at American Junkie.  And then I'd preemptively punch 16 year-old punk rawk me in the nuts, tell him to invest in Apple and Google, bet the middle on Super Bowl 34, and to not marry that girl that you're going to marry.  Then I'd give him a few hundred bucks, because that was a lot of money [redacted] years ago.  And also, 16 year-old punk rawk self, the DJ rolled out some WTTHAAB-era NOFX last Saturday night, the perfect thing to make you feel young, dumb, and full of [redacted] again - and when you get to be my age, you will appreciate that.
3	I went to this bar last night with some friends and it was alright. We got there early, like around 9, and got a table on the patio. The drinks were decent, and my friends' drinks were really cheap (it was extended happy hour unbeknownst to me), so I ordered amaretto sours and they were 8$ a piece (not on HH), so that sucked a whole lot for me. I guess you live and you learn. So about halfway through our time there, our waitress switched the area she was serving, so we cashed out and got a new waitress. The new waitress was atrocious. I think she may have come by once in over an hour. We couldn't order more drinks and we couldn't pay and leave. Eventually, we had to go up to the bar to try to pay so we could get out of there. It was ridiculous. Also, the music was good at first, but then got switched to a bunch of covers of songs all by the same people (and I didn't see a live band, but it may as well have been) so it got a little old and annoying and it's not a great place to dance. On a good note, the bar on the inside is pretty cute looking and the drinks tasted fairly good. I would think about going back, but definitely to start the night, not to end it.
5	Oh Junkie, what can I say about a place that once hosted midget wrestling besides...I love you!  This is one of my favorite places just because it's not quite as snobby as Scottsdale locales can be.  There's three different bars which comes in handy when it gets busy, which it does often, and a few places with enough room to get your groove on if you feel so inclined.  Not to mention that they have a wheel you can spin with such options as "Body Shots" (I may or may not have had the wheel land on that one before...) or "Kiss a stranger".
3	came out last night with a few friends. The bar was cool, but I'm really not a fan of the crowd in Old Town. The drink prices were not bad, but it was a blast dancing outside. Overall a pretty cool spot.
4	I must have gone to a different place, judging by the other reviews here.  I guess Monday night is totally dead at American Junkie.  We were tourists, with a 5-year-old in tow, and there was only one other table occupied by a lone diner.  No dancing, nothing going on, giving us a great opportunity to actually see this funky joint.My daughter and I shared a salad with all kinds of goodies in it, plus a burger.  The food was terrific.  Drinks were reasonable, and the service was friendly and efficient.  We would have loved to sit out on the patio, but the heat and humidity made it impossible, even with a misting system.  (And I'm from Vegas, which is not nearly as uncomfortable!) Great experience for my first time in Scottsdale, where I expected every place to be impossibly snooty.  Not here!!
4	The name of the bar is pretty sweet.  The prices are avg. for oldtown.  The crowd was more laid back then say...Smashbox. It was a good time. Went on a Friday night, so it was clubby, loud, and packed. The outdoor bartender sucked. Only one of him and a million ppl, I understand that, but he didn't know how to speed bar.  Get your drinks inside.
5	Providing this review for American Junkie as one of the valley's BEST STEELER bars!  Woo hoo....great place to watch the game.  Each time we've been there our waitress has been on top of things for as many people that show up on a Sunday to watch the game.  Kudos!
3	Not bad but not great. Definitely targets a younger crowd- college kids. I like that it has a casual feel, but made me feel cougerish. My drink (jack & 7) was quite stiff - Nidi likes. Also, good prices on beer.Tip- check this place out Wednesday nights around 10.
3	I discovered this place on my way to a comedy show! It was a Saturday night with an ASU game on and was not packed so we stopped in to get a drink and a bite to eat. First impression was nice! Everything looked clean and open, which i didn't expect from the outside appearance. The service was kinda slow. I have worked in the restaurant/bar industry for 10+ years and I understand how things can go wrong that the customers don't see so i am not going to be hard on these guys. (By the way, the girls are all dressed pretty skimpy and the guys are just short of guidos, so if you have small kids this may not be the place to bring em) So the drink service was slow and throughout we never were really sure who our server was. One girl took our drink order, another brought them, someone else took our food order, someone else brought our food, and someone else came over to see if all was ok... There had to be 15 employees and maybe 25 customers, not to mention the kitchen staff. So the service was slow and not sure why because we were constantly seeing the staff goofing around with one another and as mentioned before it was not busy. BUT the associates were very nice the entire time so it was not bad service my any means, just slow and a little unattentive. It seemed to turn into a club style late at night, which could explain the extensive staff. There is a wheel that you can spin with different actions on it, such as, "kiss a random' '50% off bill" "go plastic" (which apparently gives you a chance to win plastic surgery). I would suggest NOT attempting this if you are not single. Overall, the food was GREAT!!!! The place was clean (bathrooms could use attention). The service could use some tweeking. But we were happy with it!
4	I'll be generous with my rating as I rarely visit. I always enjoy Junkie, but I attribute it more to who I am with than the bar.If you're looking for your muscular deep-V spray tan Scottsdale dbag or your platinum blonde post college sorority girl, than make this a stop.Girls can spin the wheel atop the bar and do some embarrassing act that they wouldn't do sober. The dance floor would be great if they didn't try to squeeze in tables for bottle service. They do play typical club music, which I enjoy. The bartenders are aloof and pander to their friends and hot girls.Overall, add it to the list of pretentious Scottsdale bars/clubs that you inevitably go to occasionally  because one of your friends is in the mood.
4	Great place for dancing if you do not like techno. Located right in old town where there are a ton of nightlife options. Me and my friend went to smashboxx first and hated all the techno so we came here. A mix of top 40 and hip hop. Packed. Good crowd but younger and more casual. A good time was had by all.
4	We went to this place at 6 pm on a Friday and it was EMPTY. I have no idea why! The happy hour, especially on Friday, is amazing! The food was good and the drinks were creative and well made. They have a bacon wrapped hot dog! I think I can end my review there.
2	I don't normally write negative reviews but the service we got at this place was less than stellar.  On a Friday night we popped in to get a round of drinks before last call.  We ordered a couple Espolon shots and a beer for the 2 of us to share.  After waiting at the least crowded bar for about 10 minutes, (which is to be expected at a Scottsdale bar on the weekend), the bartender stood about 7 feet away from me where the customers he was just dealing with were and instead of walking over to get my order just looked over in my direction with a goofy look on his face.  I waited, since I'm a quiet person and I thought he was going to walk over but, no, just a goofier look in return to my smile so I screamed my order at him from there.  He brought out our tequila shots unchilled with no salt, not even a lime to speak of.  I get that if you don't specify you want your shot chilled they probably won't do it, even though good bartenders will ask, but not even asking if we wanted salt seems like amateur hour to me and not giving us limes when he could've reached them with one arm from where he was standing when he gave us our drinks is just straight up lazy.  I ordered tequila shots in London that came out right.  The bar had to ask but the point is they tried.  This is AZ people.  I'm in the service industry so I'm going to tip well almost no matter what but I wish some bartenders in Scottsdale wouldn't make me hate myself for it in the morning.
4	Fabulous place to watch college football on a Saturday!
4	LOVE this place!  Try the sweet potato tater tots!!  Great pizza too!!  Go Steelers!
4	Fun, energetic atmosphere. Bartenders were fast. The bar had no cover on a Friday night so I'm happy about that.  The place was pretty crowded, but not so bad that you couldn't walk around. I had a good time!
3	O H - I O!  Ohio Fans welcomed!  This is a great place to watch the Buckeyes.However, I'm not much of a college football fan.  I attended this place during a Saturday evening and it definitely for a more younger crowd than me.  The music is loud and popping and the girls are dancing on the bars and tables.  I can dig.Cheap shots at the door, just to keep you warm I gathered and the blood flowing.  Ladies, get on the bar and spin the wheel and see what happens next -- good luck!  They serve food here, but I'm not sure I want to eat here yet.  It's more of a "another round for the bar" type of place instead of a "yes I would like ketchup" place.  - Enjoy!
5	I always enjoy visiting the Junk. Great happy hour specials and the food is excellent for a bar. Very busy club atmosphere on Wednesday, Friday and Saturday nights.
1	American Junkie advertised no cover and open bar from 8pm-10pm for NYE. There was a small line when we arrived but it wasn't moving. The door man said they were only checking in bottle service customers and they will let the general public in at 11pm. We asked about their open bar promotion and they said if we want to get in we have to pay $60. We were very unhappy with their customer service and happily went somewhere else that charged a cover but treated their customers with respect. Firehouse and The Lodge are better options if you are looking for a casual bar in Old Town Scottsdale.
5	Tonight was my second visit, I would give 5 stars for both.  The food is Excellent.  The prices are so good we tried three things each night and all was good.  Plus the people next to us gave us stuff they couldn't eat because they were too full.  This place has very good specials and to be truthful the food was worth full price.  We went early to eat  so I am not commenting on the night life as I work early in the morning and don't stay out late too often.  I am glad this place has a real diversity of clientele because they seem to have it together enough to keep their business in the black and stick around awhile.  The food alone would be enough for me.  The 20 somethings that were around me said they really like this place for night fun too.  Oh to be 20 years younger, LOL.   This will be a must stop for my husband and myself for early evening dinner and drinks.
5	Tonight was my second visit, I would give 5 stars for both.  The food is Excellent.  The prices are so good we tried three things each night and all was good.  Plus the people next to us gave us stuff they couldn't eat because they were too full.  This place has very good specials and to be truthful the food was worth full price.  We went early to eat  so I am not commenting on the night life as I work early in the morning and don't stay out late too often.  I am glad this place has a real diversity of clientele because they seem to have it together enough to keep their business in the black and stick around awhile.  The food alone would be enough for me.  The 20 somethings that were around me said they really like this place for night fun too.  Oh to be 20 years younger, LOL.   This will be a must stop for my husband and myself for early evening dinner and drinks.
4	I'm going to be pretty generous with this bar because of one thing...it's not their pretty decent customer service (Ask for Cassie as a bartender, she's kick ass), it's not the food (aka I've never eaten here...unless of course if you consider beer a food group, but thats a whole nother topic), it's not the great wide variety of people, ethnicities, and ages you'll mingle with, it's not the funny wheel that you spin when your wasted...It's the wait for it...Fudgesicles that they serve FOR FREE in the little ice cream freezer behind the main bar near the kitchen entrance! Seriously Junky, GREAT idea. I luv fudgesicles, so when I'm tossing back a few with my friends I love to sneak away and go grab some ice cream. Alright, there it is! The secrets out...your welcome Scottsdale ;)
4	We went to American Junkie not expecting much (just atmosphere). We went with a group for dinner and were pleasantly surprise! The food was CHEAP for scottsdale and it was super good too! Their drink menu is also extensive which was nice!I would have given it 5 stars BUT they play the TVs/Music a bit too loud (hard to have a converstation) and it look a few minutes for someone to track down our server when we arrived. But other than that its a nice place to go during the early hours of the day... BEFORE IT TURNS INTO THE SCOTTSDALE CLUB SCENE! We will definately be back!! :)
1	A place that doesn't serve Hennessy will always get 0-1 star
4	I like it!  Great atmosphere, decent beer selection, good food, nice prices.  It's very urban, lounge-y, great music--not too loud, so you can still have a conversation.  I had the Pesto Pizza and it's HUGE.  I really had a good time here.  Side note:  I went midweek, so the crowd was pretty low key.  Apparently weekends are a little rowdier.
3	Junkie and I have history and good history I tell ya! nye gay kiss @ the junkie, birthday table service @ the junkie, cute boy flirtations? again @ the junkie.  awesome bartender service... yea @ the junkie and... memorable nights... oh junkie you and I just mesh well! It's one of the larger clubs in Old Town, by day and early evening a resto (with good pizza, I must add!) and late night a ragin' club. With three bars, two patios, a semi-existent dance floor by the dj booth and next to the lounge bar, plenty of room to roam and most times I've been there a decent looking crowd it's a good spot to go when you're out and about at Old Town. It really depends on the night but the music's very danceable and DJ Rolemodel takes requests (I know coz I text mine to him). The spin wheel above the bar is nothin big coz a shot is really a swig from schnapps, I'll pass and usually my luck is coz i'm already kinda tipsy... it goes up my nose. not a good thing =( Junkie is usually my go to place when nothin else in Old Town gets my fancy and is a great alternative to BS West. lol.
1	Attn Out Of Towners: Take the name of this bar seriously - I saw nothing but crack heads here... There were some very distinct smells in the air on the patio... Lots of belligerent college kids... As a couple of girls looking for a fun night, we found this place a little bit scary!
5	Douchebags, Short skirts and crappy house music.Perfect for 20-30 year old range.
2	Let me just say, this place has a lot of potential.  American Junkie broacast many major sporting events on 25 plasma TVs throughout the place.  They caters to a younger crowd.  Has a DJ booth with great music.  Decor is like an upscale TGI Fridays.   The outdoor patio is comfy and chic with a huge screen.ProsGreat food, lively environment, lots of TVs, comfy seating (partial booths), upscale decor, great for young adultsConsThe wait staff isn't attentive.  The wait time to receive your food is terrible.  It take an average of 45 minutes to receive your food.  Menu isn't consistent.  No host to greet customers. Customers aren't instructed to seat themselves.  So, when you enter you are just confused.When I first ate at AJ in Dec. 2011, there were soooo many menu options.  The food portions were large...which anyone would love. Now, the portions are average.  With each visit the menu has become smaller and smaller.  We were told the menu has lessen to speed up service.  Well, I can see its not working.   So far I've eaten at AJ 3 times. I keep coming back because the food is tasty and I can always find some type of discount. But, the one thing that is consistent is their slow service.  Whether its through the week or on the weekend make sure you are not in a rush because you will be there for a while.  On my last visit I  was among a party of 4.  We arrived around 4:45pm and didn't leave until 6:30pm, that wasn't because we were lingering and enjoying ourselves, it was because our orders was incorrect....no blue cheese on the Chicken Diablo Sandwich.  I tried to eat it anyway because i knew it was going to take a long time to receive a new sandwich, but I just could get pass the blue cheese taste. Yuck, but that's just me. Would you believe after all of that, we still hadn't eaten. We had to get it to go.  If I weren't using a Restaurant.com $25 certificate,  we wouldn't have stayed for so long.  If they could just improve the level of  customer service at this place, this place would be awesome.
4	It's the perfect happy medium for a Saturday night out in the town and still keeping your dignity.. I had a blast no one was acting a fool besides the fashion victims that forgot we were in old town and not in Vegas .. The food was reasonable, filling, and delish.  The salad I had with my turkey burger was out of this world /Service was top notch.
5	We ALWAYS have a awesome time here! The Bartender, Charlie, KNOWS what "customer service" really means! He is the reason we come here 2 watch all the Fights!
1	ALERT: DOUCHE BAG CENTRAL!! Like most of the people here looking to: hit it & quit it... I hit this place up  and I doubt I'll be going back. There are too many people in too small of a space so don't bother if you're not down to "get down"
4	So much fun! The vibe in this place is electric and I liked being there. Went on a Saturday night around 10:30pm and immeidately had drinks bought for me. I was by far not the prettiest girl there because I haven't had plastic surgery done but the guys seemed pretty friendly. In fact, best cranberry and vodka I've ever had. The outdoor area looked legit with little tables and couches to sit on. I would have stayed longer if I had the chance!
5	Last weekend was my roommate's birthday. We wanted to get a table and boy did we! I know Eddie but set the table up with Erica and she was most accommodating. Mollie (I'm pretty sure that was her name) helped a lot too. Anything we needed, BAM there she was. Need a bigger table? Cool. Only want one person handling the check for low hassle? Done. Juice? Soda? Shots? Comped bottle of champagne? Done, done and done! (I'm not sure they always comp the champagne but we would have gladly paid for it. Regardless, it was the cherry on top of a great night.) My roommate had a great time, and couldn't have been happier. Me and my other roommate set the whole thing up, so we were heroes. All in all, a great night, and I want to thank Erica and Mollie for being such great hosts! I can't wait to come back!Peace!
1	If I could give it a zero, I would.  We went there upon returning home from a Diamondbacks game, and the meathead bouncers wouldn't let us in because we were wearing Diamondbacks jerseys (1 of us) and Diamondbacks t-shirts (the rest of us).  So wait.... they advertise themselves as a sports bar (according to their Facebook page and here on Yelp), yet you can't wear sports apparel in there?  Now that makes great sense!One of the girls in our group jokingly said to the meathead/bouncer that she'd give him $20 to let us in.  Of course that caught his interest.  When she explained to him that she was only joking and called him a jagoff, he entered a state of mass confusion (too much for Mr. Meathead Bouncer to comprehend).   We gladly took our business across the street to the Lodge while the bouncers scratched their heads, and the Lodge openly welcomed us and our Dbacks attire.  Since our conversation continued to revolve around AJ's outlandish and hypocritical policy, we walked by there again afterwards and asked for clarification, and to speak to a manager.  The "manager" turned out to be a Mega- Meathead/Douchebag, and he rambled a bunch of stuff off that didn't make much sense.  When they became physically aggressive towards our group we walked away.  We'll definitely be contacting management to let them know of our horrific experience with this "bar."
3	College bar.  Loud, not exactly very clean.  If you order a Grey Goose, everyone around you with think you are a baller.  The DJ happened to be the opposite of great the night we were there (I mean he was HORRIBLE).  I'm all about mixing in great songs from the 80's and 90's, but they have to be songs people have heard.  Had 1 drink and went next door to a place that had a better music selection.  Good place to get loud, spill beer and hang with college age people......fun, just not the night I was looking for
1	I went here on Friday October 5th for a birthday celebration with my roommate and friends. Everything was pretty hip and cool so I decided to start a tab and gave my driver's license and credit card to one of the bartenders.About 1:30am I decided to close out my tab and head back home. When I went to the bar they informed me they didn't have my ID or credit card! I asked them to check again as I haven't left the the restaurant and I had given it to them. The bartender suggested that I must've already received it back (which doesn't make sense because the tab was still open/she had just closed it) or that maybe I dropped it somewhere! HA! How was I supposed to drop it or receive it back without closing the tab?Anyway I knew they closed at 2am, so I decided to just wait it out and ask again after they had the lights on and were cleaning up. So at 2:10am I went back to the bar and asked them to check for it. Of course they still couldn't find it. Frustrating but I know things happen and in a busy bar things get misplaced. So I inquired to when they open the next day as I'll check back then. One of the bartenders told me 11am and the front door man told me 9am.Saturday morning Oct 6th, I call at 9am. No one answers. I wait and then call at 11am, no one answers. I leave a voicemail explaining the situation and requesting a call. At 11:30am there was no call back so I decide to just drive up there and talk with them in person. And would you know it, they're closed till the night at 5pm!So at 4:30pm I call again, and this time get a hold of a manager Jonathan. I explain to him the situation and he takes my number and tells me he'll check now for it and call me right back. Half an hour later,  no call back. I call again. Answering machine. I wait 15 minutes, call again. Answering machine. So I leave another message explaining the situation, and request a call back. One week letter. No phone call from American Junkie. And of course my Drivers License and credit card still missing.I understand mistakes happen and bars are busy. But what is unacceptable is the complete lack of follow through by the management and failure to own up to a mistake. I will never be going here again and would encourage anyone else to stay away.
2	This place should be renamed American Trashcan based on the crowd.
2	I've only been here on Friday nights and only because a lot of my friends insist on meeting up here. I'm guessing it is because there in no cover to get in, but there is a line(and it goes quickly). I really can't stand anything about this place. Everything from the music to the people have a overall lack of class and tact.
2	Went on a Wednesday night, and filled up rather quick.. Drink service was a bit crowded, to be expected, but got served in a timely manner. The promoter of that night was very hospitable, but what can happen here in Scottsdale.. you get the one drunken, stuck-up, failed attempt of a Plastics from "Mean Girls" Snottsdale friend of the promoter who will call you out if she thinks your presence upsets the Harry & David Apple Cart.. She must have seen some GI Joe in her day, because she had a kung-fu grip on my arm, practically begging for an assault charge brought up on her..!
1	Maybe it's my fault for not doing my research before choosing a place to spend New Year's, but my experience last night has guaranteed that American Junkie will not get any more of my business. Like almost everyone else who showed up early, I assumed their flyer advertising free cover before 11 and a free champagne toast at midnight was legitimate. What I found instead, was that the management lied, (they even admitted it to our faces), and guys were now $20 to get in. (girls would be $10 after 10)Half our group (mainly the girls) had already gone inside when we discovered that the guys we were with had to go hunt down ATMs, coming back to a line that was poorly-managed and about 2 hours long. Am I stupid for planning around a NYE flyer? Maybe. I'm new to Scottsdale and apparently not savvy enough to realize that some clubs in Old Town will just flat out lie to their patrons. They know they'll get hordes of rude douchebags knocking down their doors to come inside anyway. WHY?? Why was I even there and why did I give them my business? Never again.Oh, and the inside was packed like sardines. They let in so many people that fights were breaking out left and right, getting a drink was hopeless, and bathroom lines were a half hour long. People were hopping the fence to get in, sick and tired of the line outside. But those in our party who had to wait so long to get in were disappointed anyway.We stayed till midnight, thinking JUST MAYBE the bar would keep one promise they'd advertised all over their website, and pass out flutes of champagne. Nope.This would have never happened in Downtown Phoenix. I know it's just a bar, but honestly people, we need to hold places accountable for deception. My friends and I planned a night out that got ruined... and half our party left, fed up with the situation.Don't go to American Junkie... it is just that, junk.
1	This place sucks. Waited in line for twenty minutes since there was supposed to be a "free" cover. Got to the door and the dooshbag bouncers didn't care to stand by what the advertised, so we spent our money elsewhere. I do not support businesses that pull bait and switches, and I hope others don't either. Im glad I didn't go there and had a great time at a much more upscale bar with less sloppies trying to get numbers.
4	They have a awesome happy hour menu and prices, my coworkers and I have tried almost everything on the menu and its all delicious! There is usually no one in the place and service is slow but its worth it bc the food is so good and cheap!
1	I went to this bar for New Year's Eve and they had put up an ad online saying that is was suppose to be free before a certain time and me and my friends got there well before the time slot and they said that they were charging all guys $20 still even though it said something different on their own website. They played all guys that went before that time slot with the classic bait and switch scheme which is definitely illegal but there is no reason to go to court over $20 which they know which is why they thought and did get away with it because we all had planned to go there and some of our friends were already in there so we kind of were forced to pay the extra $20 to get in even though we were some of the first about 50 people to go in there.
2	I honestly don't know what it is about this place. We stopped in for a drink and to catch some of the AFC Championship game and it was pretty dead, but the vibe was just weird. Pretty unfriendly, not welcoming idk - maybe its just not my kind of place.
1	This place is douche lord central!  We bought table service with a keg and a few bottles on Friday for a friends Birthday.  We waited in line to get in for over an hour because the bouncers were too cool for school.  The biggest jerks I have ever met in my life!  The place was dead inside and had over 200 people waiting outside to get in.  They were only letting their friends and SUPER slutty girls in.  (My group was 75% attractive girls).  I was telling the bouncer that we bought a bottle and he just looked at me and walked away...no response.  I have never been treated this poorly!  Finally we got his attention and he let half the group in and told the other half it would be just a few more minutes.  Another 30 minutes later...everyone else was in.  There is no system or reason for any of this!  The best part is that later in the night he came over to our table and started trying to drink with us.  Sorry bro, I'm not paying for your drinks after being treated like shit!  Do not go here, there are so many better and more fun places within walking distance.
2	We waited in line about 45 minutes to get in on a Saturday night. I highly recommend you take some alcohol with you while you wait in line otherwise your pregaming buzz will be killed. Don't really see what the hype is all about, it's a whatever bar. As one of the reviews mentioned, bunch of semiconscious Scottsdale skanks (unfortunately I couldn't take one home cuz I was with my gf). Overall, crowded, overpriced and pretentious.
5	My favorite place to go on a night out!!!  Best music in town FOR SURE and best crowd!
4	Looking at the reviews it looks like everyone has had a much different experience than I. I went here last year and met jonna from real world here. Came back again this year and got there about 10 or 10:30 on a Saturday night. No line or cover. Cool. Night started out mild but it really picked up. The wheel they spin is cool free for girls $5 for guys. I didn't spin.The bartenders were good enough and the DJ was tearing the house down. He kept things fresh by cutting songs off after they were halfway done and just really controlled the crowd well.Plenty of security though from the vibe it didn't seem necessary. Bathroom lines weren't too bad. Tipped the paper towel dude. The DJ also would cut the music on the chorus lyric which was awesome. My voice was definitely lost the next day. Danced with a couple cute ladies. And happened to run into mike trout, baseballs #1 upcoming superstar. Bummed I didn't use the yelp checkin offer.
5	Awesome place. Not many good clubs at all here In Arizona. This one rocks! When we are here in AZ this is one of the places we always come!
3	Sooo crowded.  not very diverse.  Its Arizona i guess.Came out here with some friends for baseball preseason action.  at first, it was pretty empty, but then it just started getting crazy.  small dance floor, and soo many people.  it was a cool place.  towards the end of the night, bartenders were getting a bit disgruntled and impatient.  some were just douchy.  I guess it was a long night....   cant complain.
3	Typical Old Town Scottsdale Bar.  Nothing bad...nothing special either.
1	Yawn...employees kind of doucheeeeee
5	American Junkie is pretty much the place to be.Let me tell you a little story about this place.I decide to go out on a Wednesday for a few drinks, my friends convince me that 'Junkie' is the place to be.  Having no idea what to expect, I show up and the place is wall to wall packed. We probably wouldn't have gotten in, thankfully one of the guys I was with is buddy buddy with the VIP host Ghiz. Really cool guy, talked with him for a little about body building, babies and skinny jeans.After a few shots of rumplemintz I find myself covered in whipped cream taking body shots off of some chick on top of the bar with some spray tanned Jersey guy (think his name was jeff?) instructing me through a megaphone.Cut to next frame, copious amounts of confetti are flying through the air, people are dancing on furniture, some cute little waitress Jordin is feeding me a boob beer bong.Next thing I know Im waking up on a couch with no clue as to where I am. All I know is that last night was crazy.  Realizing I am credit cardless, I hitch a ride back to Junkie so that my life can go back to normal. I get to junkie to pick up my card and decide to grab a bite. Food was actually pretty good! I had the maui pizza, great hangover remedy.
2	Decent for bar food. Nice servers good drinks.Used to go here for UFC fights, however, one fight night they said they were showing it and were "having trouble with the signal" when they switched to the channel. On the screen it had the notification that the fight wasn't paid for. Asked the server numerous times about it and she said "No, just a signal issue, they pay in advance will have it shortly." After about 4-5 times of going around like that with some different excuse (and the fight already 25 minutes in) my party decides to leave and they finally admit that they "forgot to pay."Not a fan of being lied to. Will go elsewhere for fights.
4	Back in the day I used to go here on Wednesday nights (when I was in college) and it was a ton of fun. It was more packed on Wednesday nights than I saw it on most weekends. But anyway, those days are over...so now I go at 7am on Saturday mornings during football season because its an Ohio State bar. Outside patio, 5 cent beers for the hour before kick off, and they serve Skyline. All four stars are due to the fact that it's a Buckeye bar.....O H
1	Been here a bunch of times. Last night was very disappointing. We had a group of about 20+ people (male and female) to celebrate 3 birthdays. Everyone got in except 1 of my male friends. He was told there was a $50-$100 cover charge because it was after 1130 when in fact we all got in after 1130. A "manager" named josh and whoever was working at the door were complete jerks. Not people that should be working the front door anywhere  if you want people to return to your business.
1	I sat out on the patio tonight for dinner and it was terrible. The service wasn't great either. They weren't busy for a Saturday at around 6pm since this place starts to get busy at 10pm for the bar crowd. The patio is nice to sit at but if you aren't coming here to get smashed I say don't come at all during the day.
4	This place is always crowded on the weekends it seems. I've never been here when it is not busy. It is fun and it has options.Want to chill? Well, hang out on the patio.Want to dance? Well, there is a dance floor.Want to drink? Well, this is a bar...Want to have barely clothed "batenders" feed you? Well, they do have that too but the "liuor in the bottle tastes more like kool-aid than liquor. But hey, it's free.
5	Get Your Drinks from Madison. Door staff is awesome and this is by far the best bar in old town!
5	Wow! they actually have FOOD. It's really good TOO!!The wings are 25 cents on Wednesdays. VEry, Very good.Try the Junkie Bowl. You will leave Happy!)
1	The only thing good about this place is that it's an Ohio State bar.  Otherwise sucks.  Terrible service, couldn't get any food, let alone a beer.  We had a large group standing around and no one tried to offer us anything, when we were all prepared to spend money.  Tried asking every server that walked by, food runners, bartenders and even the security with no luck.  They need more servers, preferable ones who know how to do their jobs.
4	Really cool bar.  The layout provides a lot of space and this place goes off for Ohio State games!  The food is pretty good and at night the place erupts!
4	Went for happy hour and I was very pleased with the selection of appetizers and entrees. Drinks were a bit on the fruity side, but not weak. Great food, decent drinks, and good service. Plenty of TV's and music, highly recommend! We'll be back...
3	If you have to pay to take a piss you already lose a star in my book.
3	Stopped here a few times on weekends. Its always completely packed. The lines for the bathrooms are ridiculously long. The music was top 40 mixed with older popular hits. It reminded me of a college bar..expect to be smushed like a sardine. Very wild but if you're with a good group of people its fun.
2	Stopped in for lunch today.  Not much of a crowd.  Got the regular menus, and were also given a paper copy menu with a bunch of items (about a third of the total items) crossed off . . . as in not available.  My two friends ordered the basic burger; I ordered the california chicken sandwich (bacon, avocado).  After about 10 minutes the server came back and said my chicken sandwich was not available either.  So I switched to the basic burger as well.  One came out after about 15 minutes, the second one came out after another five minutes and mine came out a full 10 minutes after that.  Our server was slow to refill our beverages.  All in all, just a lousy dining experience.
4	Came here on Saturday night to celebrate my friends 22nd birthday. She booked a table for 10PM with a bottle of Patron. The table cost her $300+ with tax and gratuity included. When she arrived, she was told the table would not be ready until 11PM. That is the main reason for the docking of a star. Not to mention the "table' was actually a very small table with minimal seating. They played some decent music and the girls were attentive to our table. Everyone there from the employees to the patrons were all very friendly. It wasn't packed at all for a Saturday night, which I found a little weird. We were there until about 12:30am. There were also a lot of cockroaches outside on the patio. That was disgusting.
2	Went there last night to use a Groupon coupon the hub had purchased a while back; he really needs to do more research into the places before he buys coupons.  We had tried to go to AJ at least twice before, each time to find locked doors.  I called and was told they really were only open Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays.  Sounds like a hobby for someone instead of an actual going concern.  We stopped in on our way home from work, and found ourselves alone; an older couple came in shortly before we left.  I can imagine that when it's dark outside, and all the neon and whatnot is lit inside, it can be an interesting place to hang out.  But the sunlight streaming in the windows last night didn't do it any favors.  The hub had ordered chips, salsa and guac by the time I got there.  The salsa was watery, and the fact that it shared a bowl with the guac didn't help either one.  And the chips were totally stale; I imagine they were left over from last Saturday night.  Our server was obviously unhappy to have to tell us that the fryer was down, so we couldn't order any sides that had to be fried.  Really?  You're only open three nights a week, and the fryer is down?  Sure hope you get it fixed before Friday...  The burger I had was surprisingly good, but the bacon tasted very strange.  And I had a bizarre side dish I never expected to see on the menu in a place like this...a large serving of tricolored quinoa that was presented totally devoid of any moisture...no dressing, no veggies mixed in, nothing.  The house special pizza the hub ordered was good, though.Service was good, although when the hub ordered Coke, an open carafe was brought to the table along with the glass...so all the fizzies disappeared.  Those plastic carafes could use some replacing; the two we saw, for the Coke and the water, were all cracked and scratched.  This is a place for John Taffer if I ever saw one...
1	Junky is not my cup of tea. This place is more like a frat bar, especially at night. The bathrooms are dirty, the service is slow, and never any place to sit. The crowd can get rowdy and the the bartenders do a lot to keep the patrons engaged. This could be your place if you are into a high energy crowd and a bunch of inebriated individuals laughing at each other. There is no shortage of alcohol and loud music at this establishment.
3	This is a good place to start a night. Went here on a 21st door guy gave some ppl problems wouldn't want to try and get in after they've dealt with to many drunks.
5	So, gots to say, I do have a bias for this venue. Why you may ask? Well, because they are PRO-SEATTLE SEAHAWKS, and I've been a very loyal Hawks fan since birth (being from WA). Ok, we did lose against Oakland (scowl) but it's still *preseason*. Yeah, I'm still a little bummed... Booo! :(Went here last night for first time and was quite impressed. It's actually rather large w/plenty of tables and a 360 degree bar seating. Lots of TVs to watch your team's game too. Additionally, they offer outside seating for the cooler months which is always a nice bonus.I didn't eat here yet, but I did sample my date's Chopped Salad (sans raisins) and it was Nom-Nom! I probably would have used less dressing as I don't like it "too drenched" but AJ did it up just right. I especially liked that they have chosen to add Quinoa (which I adore) as well as Pepitas. Oh, get this?! They offer Ivar's clam chowder!!! (squealing and biting fist). Yes, anyone from the PacNW knows that Ivar's is the shiz and they offer it there. I will be sure to try this next time and budget appropriately for the calories. ;)Had their Pyramid Hefeweizen (bottle) and a cpl of Snapshot drafts by Belgium Brewing. Soooo good! But, any beer pairs nicely w/football, right?Service was on-point as well. Frequent check-ins from our adorable bartenders as well as smiles from all staffers.Women's restrooms were very tidy and well-stocked. Love that they offer many stalls as women take forever at times to do their business and primp.AJ, I will be back for you. Much love!
4	Happy hour stop in. We had been here last year, now under new ownership. The food was delicious. We ordered pizza  and wings (surprise).. Pizza was good, crisp, flavorful. The place was mainly empty. I really rocks later in the evenings and weekends. Lots of bar activities and they have this VIP area for parties of 0 or more where you get your own little Red Bull service going on. I think it is looking up, as my last visit was not so positive. Bartender Rico is a reason to come visit. He is personable and professional and made us feel like VIPs, even though we weren't in the VIP  area. But we will be soon. Great trendy music, outdoor seating available. Tons of drink and beer specials, so grab nine friends and party like a rock-star, literally,
1	Terrible terrible service!!!!!! The bouncers kicked my friend out for being too drunk (which I understand) but I was not drunk at all I was barely two drinks in and they asked me to leave also for no reason!!! I wanted to go back inside to look for my friends purse and let my boyfriend know we had to leave and they wouldn't let me for no reason! I even asked if one of them could escort me just to look for my friends stuff trust me I did not want to stay any longer all I wanted was to look for my friends stuff. Oh and on the other note the bouncer (on the huskier side) came barging at me like he was going to attack me when I was waiting for my taxi to pick me up literally on the street I even have a video asking him to get away from me. I'm never coming back here and would suggest anyone NOT TOO oh and the other girl bouncer blonde hair was also extremely rude when I asked kindly if I could look for my friends stuff and I have a video of it!
5	It's so sad no one goes here anymore. They play the best music, i.e. Bay Area music. They played D-Lo once and I absolutely lost my shit. They lose a star for unclear dance floor and unclear bottle service area. They gain one star back though because one time I caused a scene and they didn't kick me out when they probably should have #thanksMrSecurityGuard. I hope they don't go out of business, but at this rate, it looks like they might.
