1	I thought this place was a rip-off.  I spent ten plus dollars on a little over fifteen minutes on a computer.  Then when I printed my pages it turned out to be like close to fifty cents a page.  It is convenient that they are open 24 hours, but they realize that they have trapped you when you come inside.  I would only go here for extreme emergencies.  Visit a library instead.
1	Two bucks to send a fax.  And 22 cents per page to print a simple two-sided b/w text manuscript?!  Plus the staff go out of their way not to look at you.  Next time I'll take Garrett's advice and only visit in an emergency.
1	if you need Kinko's-type services, go to OFFICE MAX, they basically can do the same things and are a TON cheaper..for example; to print a 24x36 poster at Kinkos is $40, at MAX its $29.99 and lots of times they run a special for $19.99.....and i agree w/everyone, their employee training must consist of intense training to treat customers like imbeciles and morons.......what a waste of money!!
2	I'd have to agree that it is a little pricey but the location is good and when you are in a pinch and you are close, they have what you need to get the job done.  I'll go back if I need to and I'm in the area.
3	Quick and convenient service. Great location off of East Blvd. The best part is I can go 24/7! Typical office support services: copy, fax. However, since it is also shipping, you can find the last minute cards or stationary here...and they are a good selection.
3	Is FedEx pricey? Yes. Every FedEx Kinkos anywhere is pricey. If it's 2 o'clock on a Saturday and you need copies or fax service, by all means, go to a big box office store or the library. But if it is 1 am on a Tuesday, this place has your back. No matter what time they are open, accessible and well-lit. If you are in possession of technology which you don't exactly know exactly how to you use, exactly (I'm looking at you, elderly woman with a camera SD card she needs to get pictures off of who was there last time I was), the fact that they have helpful and knowledgable service  personnel may also be to your advantage.It's called charging for convenience, guys.
4	I went to Kinko's 45 minutes before an interview - I had a jump drive and resume paper in hand and needed to print off copies of my resume.  Since I don't have to do this often I went to the customer service desk and Gloria was there and ready to help.  We quickly found out that the easy way wasn't going to work and she took me to a computer figured a way to get my resume printed and I was off - if I tried to do this myself it would have taken me extra time and added stress when I needed to be calm.  Thank you Gloria for taking time to help me!
2	I had some business cards a few weeks ago here and was very unimpressed. They mentioned they would call me when they were ready and never did. I waited a few days before going in and the guy told me they were ready a few days ago. Additionally, they screwed them up badly and ended up not charging me because the printing was terrible and the cutting was bad. I asked if they could do it again and they told me they could. The next day I came back and their printers were both not working and they referred me to another location. At the other location, the same poor cutting and scanning ensued. This is a great last minute place for 24 hour service if you are in need of something, but do not expect high quality. On the plus side, the staff was very nice and helpful, but the quality of their product came up short.
2	I'm never coming here again. The whole "print stuff in a hurry" is a joke. Tried everything in my power to use their self-serve printers. USB ports didn't work, the card reader had a vendetta against my credit card, the staff was hardly helpful throughout the entire ordeal, and the cost of having the staff print something for you compared to the self-serve is close to $0.20. Are you kidding me? Also, the whole FedEx App they have for printing from your phone is terrible. The staff? Man. You'd think they'd at least "want" to help you, but nay. I was more of an inconvenience to these guys. They looked at me like I had six heads and treated my printing like some menial task. Didn't make the situation any better. It was so frustrating. I've been to other FedEx locations and had a great experience. Needed a few posters printed on the fly and the other guys have done a great job. This time 'round, at this location, was less than memorable.
4	Not the fastest in the world but always get straight to business and help me get done. Never rude and very patient.
1	Today I went to Fedex to pick up a 6 letter size prints. It was the single worst experience in retail of my life. I stopped in thinking it would take 5 minutes, 10 if they were busy. It took them 52 minutes. Because of employee lack of communication. To print 6 sheets of paper. And they got it wrong. And it began pouring rain around the 45th minute. I'd left my sun roof open as it was SUNNY thinking it would take TEN MINUTES so I had to run outside in the pouring rain to close it. So Now I sit drenched in water in a soaked seat in my car because 3 Fedex employees need to learn basic COMMUNICATION SKILLS. I will NEVER do business with FedEx again.Oh - and now I'm so late I'm stuck in unmoving rush hour traffic. Worst experience of my life.
1	So the lady helping doesnt have her contacts in.  Don't you think that would be the first thing you would do in the morning if you worked at a print shop????So she goes to the bathroom while I am working on the font due to transfer issues.  And I wait. And wait. And wait...   Hey guy do you think someone could help me while shes in the bathroom?"Well, what were you trying to do?  Bc she is signed in blah blah blah.  Here she comes. "They start yapping about why he couldn't help me.  Whatever man, she's back. Can we just get on with this?AWESOME TEAMWORK AND CUSTOMER SERVICE!
