5	I have probably stayed at all of the hotel locations near the Charlotte airport and most of them are showing their age. The Doubletree nearby is ok but it is old and resembles a prison installation. This location is brand new and very welcoming. The front desk experience exceeded some I have had with much more expensive places. Everything is new and fresh. Plus all Hilton Garden Inns have Keurig coffee makers in the rooms- score!
5	I have not stayed at a Hilton in some time, so I had a raised brow about this Airport location on my recent stay in Charlotte ( Marriott was all booked).  Once I walked into the building I was greeted with a warm smile from the concierge which put my doubts at ease. Check in was fast. The interior / exterior is very very nice  , outdoor patio with fire pit . The interior also has an  transparent fireplace, connected to a very comfy looking library / lounge  , a well stocked coffee station , another lounge , and bar with 60" TV . My room was clean, bed was comfy and bathroom had all updated fixtures. My breakfast was a winas I had a made to order Omelette with turkey sausage to start my day prepared by Chef "Wes" . I must say I will definitely be back on my next visit to Charlotte.
5	I stayed here on business March 6, 2014, and wish the trip were longer.  What a beautiful new hotel.  The rooms were so comfortable and spacious (with a Keurig coffee maker).  The staff was super friendly (especially Kori) and the availablity of coffee, cookies and tea was a great little perk.  The shuttle to and from the airport was very helpful (with super friendly drivers).  I have never stayed at a HGI, but they are now my number one choice.
5	Good Hilton property. I have stayed at hundreds of Hilton properties and the Hilton Garden Inn are mostly my favorites because more are new and the prices are usually reasonable. This is a good one I have been to a few times now with close location to the airport, about a 10 minutes drive from plenty of good places to eat and gas stations nearby to top off your rental before your flight home. Good friendly staff, clean and well run.
5	This hotel is new, very clean and the rooms are quite comfortable. I left my iPad in the room and their housekeeping executive, Marsha, got it shipped right out to me the very next day (only charging me $12 for the shipping, which was much less than expected). That's the kind of service that will keep me coming back to this hotel! All the staff there were top-notch!
5	Can't go wrong.  Always excellent accommodations
3	Nice room but the restaurant is a disaster.  None of the restaurants at the Hilton Gardens I've stayed at recently have been good but this one is the worst. Tables dirty service was poor completely disorganized.  No silverware on tables no juice out where you can get it yourself.  Just a bad place find a McDonalds or dunkin donuts for better food and service
4	I stayed here for 3 nights this past week and had a great experience. The facility is as you would expect from a Hilton. Everything is clean and working. There is a small gym and business center that make any potential hiccups to your trip much easier to iron out. They also have a nice little bar and lounge area that have drinks and snacks in the afternoon and evenings... as well as a really nice breakfast in the mornings.However, the constant theme was the friendly, smiling staff. Most all appeared to be young (which for some reason surprised me)... each and every one greeted me each time they saw me, each and every time. They also followed thru with great service, from the staff at the front desk to the room staff, janitors to the cook and waiter at breakfast, all really did a great job and I hope their manager knows.I will be staying here again on future trips and I look forward to another great experience.
