5	When I decided to get my first tattoo, the first thing I did of course was research the best artists in Pittsburgh. When I learned that Mook had opened his own shop, I knew I had to go to 10th Street Tattoo. (If you're a true Pittsburgh-er who doesn't know that name, shame. SHAME!)Anyways, I was extremely nervous -- until I walked into the shop. It was a laid back environment, and most importantly, incredibly clean. Mook was able to draw up my design exactly how I wanted it, and the size I wanted it. My friend got a quote on her wrist, and we were both blown away by the fact that he free handed the text. It is so much more authentic looking than a Microsoft word type, and looks *amazing*. What I was most impressed with was the sterilization he did between our tattoos. NOTHING in that room was left unsanitized, he even covered anything he touched with disposable plastic bags. Even though he was wearing gloves. As a certifiable germaphobe, I felt cleaner in his shop than I do in my spotless bathroom. Awesome artwork, sterile environment, and bomb artist; must be expensive, right? Wrong. This is the lowest minimum in the city of Pittsburgh. Everything about this experience was PERFECT.
5	I had an old tattoo touched up over 4th of July weekend by Mook and have received many compliments on the color and over all sharpness of the work. It was a very enjoyable visit to the shop, they are very accommodating and I came all the way from Philly to get it done.
5	Susie is an awesome artist. Got two of us in on the same day we walked in and gave us flawless ink. Very clean shop and highly recommended :)
5	Two of my friends & I did that annoying, spur of the moment, "Hey! Let's get tattoos!" thing to commemorate our friendship & their upcoming wedding (which I am in). We did this in Morgantown, WV. Myself & one of the girls were tattooed there, & it was great work.  The other girl didn't have her ID on her, & since she looks 12, it definitely wasn't going to happen there. So we drove back to Pittsburgh, got her ID, & looked for someone open late & taking walk-ins...Enter 10th Street Tattoo. Bobby was super friendly (a trait that is unusual in tattoo artists, & therefore much valued). He was able to copy the design EXACTLY, for about $50 less than the other shop, & he made the whole thing a welcoming, kick-ass experience despite us not following great tattoo etiquette. Next time I come out to PA, I will be setting up an appointment with Bobby, & I know my other two friends plan on coming back also. Highly, HIGHLY recommend him.
5	got my septum pierced here by Pj. definitely not your typical piercing shop where they try to move you in and out as fast as possible. he was very knowledgeable of the process and explained the whole thing to me as he went along, and was very thorough in the after care steps. all in all, I would definitely recommend coming here. great people, great atmosphere... thanks again Pj!!
