3	We picked up take out.  My hubby decided to get the LARGE sandwich (1 for him and 1 for me).  When I opened the box, I was surprised to see the sandwich bearly fitting inside the standard sqaure take out box.  That is a HUGE sandwich!  I got the French Dipsky.  They forgot my aujus dipping sauce, so the sandwich by itself was kind of dry.  The chips were good.
5	You just can't beat Schlotzsky's for a great sandwich, but at this location the owners are the best! Always clean, always fresh, always friendly! What more could you want? Say hello to Steve and Becky when you stop in! Don't forget the soup too!
2	I loved their Ham sandwich and their pepper chips rock. But then I found out the ham sandwich with a thick cut of ham was only a limited time sandwich so its no longer available. What a bummer. I was going to start making this my regular lunch time pickup place. Maybe they'll decide to make limited sandwiches more permanent.
4	I'm truly thankful I work down the street!  I love their sandwiches... their reuben is a great "getting to know reuben "type of sandwich.  The saurkraut is good, not too tangy for a novice reuben connisseur like me.& They Serve Cinnabon Inside.
4	Very nice little shop. I went in to get Cinnabun which was fresh and wonderful. Can't wait to try the sandwiches.Update. The sandwiches are awesome. The breads are out of this world!
1	It's gross in here...cobwebs hanging off the lamps and tables r filthy..and how does a sandwich spot run out of wheat bread..and very wierd tht there r pictures of wierd looking kids everywhere...
4	Love the roast beef and cheese on sourdough!  This location is close to my work so I'm a frequent flyer.  I have always had great customer service here as well as their other locations.  Ya the prices are more than your Subway $5 foot long but you get what you pay for!
4	Light sandwiches, fresher meat than subway. Don't have that much to say except this will be my new subway!
1	Fourty five minutes for two sandwiches come on.... Staff properly. The new girl at the registrar screwed up the order twice, then we sat 45 minutes for two sandwiches along with the rest of the place of starving people. Will never come back! They say they cater it would be scary to see how long they would take to get it to my office!
1	What happened?.... Are they under new ownership...something is different. Last few times I've been has not been a good experience. Place was dirty,meaning food on tables and floors and no one was there but me. Quality of food not the same and waited a real twenty minutes for sandwich and remember I'm the only one in the place....  Staff seems lost..... Something is different. Hate to be harsh, but COME ON SON!
5	This place is awesome! They have added breakfast and a Freestyle Coke Machine! There are so many choices and things to try. I love the drive thru and the inside is very comfortable and clean. You can tell that the place has been around awhile but the workers take pride in what they do. Delicious! Must try!
