4	I'm a dessert fanatic and Hott Cakez provides the best tasting cake in all of Las Vegas. The cakes are always moist and decorated beautifully. The owner, Lacia, really goes the extra mile for her clients. Anytime I have need a cake or an order of cupcakes she has accommodated and provided solid service. My most favorite cake is the one she did for my best friend's 1st Anniversary. The guests called for weeks talking about how wonderful the flavor combinations were. A possible negative is that she is located in a catering kitchen not a store front so you need to have a good idea of what you want or you can have her draw the design for you. But the positive is that she can translate what you tell her on paper and the finished product will be more that you could imagine.
5	The cupcake sale they're starting will be a real hit once all the kinks are worked out.Location is a bit hard to find but will improve in the future as signs are posted up and word of mouth spreads.ON TO THE INDIVIDUALLY FROSTED CAKES!!!Overall the cakes are perfect in balance not too dry not too moist and not too sweet. To my own personal taste the frosting is a bit too sweet but not enough to spike my insulin levels to danger zones. I would have commented to Lacia about this but realized that on a whole actual cake there's more cake the frosting where as on a cupcake there's less surface area to put the frosting so it has to be piled on high. ahhh i see what you did there...Regardless they're still awesome.The coconut was just absolutely amazing, the Red Velvet totally divine and the Butter Vanilla. If all regular white vanilla cupcakes tasted like the butter vanilla there'd be 75% less crime on the streets...and the other 25% be a mob searching for who ever ate the last one.
5	Stopped by on with my Son on Sunday for the special Cupcake Sale UYE......Cupcakes (no box, $1.50....if you brought a box, $1).  The location of this place is difficult to find.....trust your GPS, it's probably right.  They operate out of the kitchen for Renaissance Catering and you have to knock on the kitchen door, which is on the left side of the front entrance.Once we got inside, we met the owner and Jessica.  They were both very cool and showed us the 3 flavors that were available when we arrived.....Red Velvet, Coconut, and Plain.  I ordered 4 Red Velvet, 2 Coconut, and 2 Plain.....we needed a box, so it was $12 for all 8, what a great deal!We took our little treasure box of Cupcakes and rushed to the car to eat a couple before we left.  I had a Red Velvet & Plain and my Son had a Red Velvet and Coconut.  They were awesome!!  The Red Velvet was soft & moist and melted in your mouth.....yum!  The Plain was light and fluffy....also very good.  They both had the right proportion of frosting on it too....nomilicious!  (see pics)Overall, it was a fun adventure to find this hidden Cupcake heaven.  It was also hilarious because we saw fellow Yelper Tien and another car load of people driving up looking for the location like we did.  It felt like we were doing something illegal....ha!  The owner explained that she also does custom Cakes....I was thinking about getting a Chanel Purse Cake for The Better Half on her Birthday....we'll see.Return Factor - 95%
2	After seeing all the cool looking cakes with various stars holding them we were so excited when there was the BYOB (Bring your own box)$1.00 a cupcake promotion. The location was a bit confusing to find so we called for help but the phone number came up as not working but with our love for cupcakes we were determined to find this place and we did...It's a catering kitchen and the building said Renaissance Catering Inc. There was a sign that said "Cupcakes-ring doorbell or knock" So we knocked and out came a lady who let us know right away that they were out of Chocolate, the banana is just being put in the oven and the yellow will be ready in 15,20 min. Funny thing was those were the 3 flavors that we wanted but I guess everyone else wanted them as well...I came ready to buy $30.00 worth but to my surprise it was cash only so luckily we came up with $16.00-so 16 cupcakes it was. If an event is cash only then that needs to be stated well in advance so that people come with cash-cause who really carries cash anymore?We got a little of each flavor available which was Red Velvet,Coconut and White Cake. We noticed that there were cans of store bought frosting in the kitchen which was very surprising to me- I just figured we were getting a full homemade cupcake. The Frosting was too sweet for my taste and the cake was OK...I guess after seeing all the cool hella hard to make cakes I was just expecting the WOW factor but aftering trying each one of them I was not wowed. The cakes on the site are beautifully done but I don't think much was put into these cupcakes at all. For $1.00 each it was still a good deal though money wise...
4	I ordered 3 dozen cupcakes from Lacia a few days before my boyfriend's birthday.  There are tons of bakeries on the strip but I didn't want to go to a super commercialized bakery and wanted to receive a more personal experience.  She was super friendly and let me pick 3 flavors (one for each dozen).  I didn't get a chance to eat the red velvet but heard that one was delicious.  One bad point though - I ordered the cakes with red sugar crystals but when I got them, they had blue sugar crystals.  A little confusion I guess in the ordering, but they were still beautiful and yummy.
5	Only ordered the chocolate covered strawberries for Valentines day.. they were great! It was very hard to find the place... especially since they are not a retail store.  I'm sure if I lived in the area I would order from them more often.  Looking forward to seeing them on Fabulous Cakes.
5	Now these are some fine cupcakes!  The cupcakes have a lovely moisture and flavoring that make me hope they can be sold with milk in the future.  The frosting is sweet enough without going overboard on the sugar, and keeps a nice fluffy consistency.  It's my fault for not reviewing this the same day, but here goes my best recollection of what each flavor was: lemon raspberry (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jZaTMSfSeFbJQD3X9tB7wA?select=rIQPUlgfgAw3uy-QYatpwQ), banana caramel (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jZaTMSfSeFbJQD3X9tB7wA?select=kI9LuttgyPlYK2TOs_JXIA), coconut cream cheese (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jZaTMSfSeFbJQD3X9tB7wA?select=GvfmLuSxXevKbJJIqoEb8A), vanilla-something (sorry!) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jZaTMSfSeFbJQD3X9tB7wA?select=8f-DBPzFi_KiOR64WueEsw) and a chocolate flavor that I didn't order (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jZaTMSfSeFbJQD3X9tB7wA?select=ziAlWwbUju2Er9_Cjt3ulw).If you brought your own box to take home cupcakes, they were $1.00 each.  If you don't have your own, they are $1.50 (still worth it!) but you get a neat box that keeps the cupcakes from mashing up against each other: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jZaTMSfSeFbJQD3X9tB7wA?select=-T829GgRoB6WWe39nkk59Q.I'm always the last one to recommend eating dessert, as I don't really have a sweet tooth, but let me say that I can't wait for Hottcakez next BYOB event!
5	This was the second UYE I've been to in one day. When I was at the UYE at Hot Dog Haus fellow Yelpers let me know about this cupcake deal going on. If you bring your own box the cupcakes are only $1.00 each but if you need a box they are $1.50 each. This is a steal compared to places like the Cupcakery. When we were driving there it felt like I was going on a scavenger hunt because it's a bit out of the way. If I didn't see Anthony M or Angela H there I wouldn't know if I was in the right place or not. There are no signs and you have to knock on a secret door...kind of like a speak easy. The cupcakes are well worth it though! There wasn't too much frosting and the cupcakes were nice and moist. I think Anthony M is on to something when mentioned the ice cold milk ....it would make a good thing even better!
5	I have had a chance to have both cakes and cupcakes from hottcakez. It was awesome. Not only delicious but a work of art. Had a cake done for a birthday party that looked like a Chanel purse. How can something look so pretty be so good. And unlike other cakes I have had that were designers you could eat the whole thing. Yummoooo. It was the hit of the party. Recently attended a cupcake sale, it was death on my diet but it was well worth it. The raspberry frosting hit the spot. I usually hate icing.  I will continue to have all my baking needs met here.
1	Was disappointed after numerous phone calls and emails sent that were not responded to in regards to a Groupon.
5	We just finished celebrating my sister's Bachelorette this past weekend. What's a party without a cake???I've been in contact with Lacia for a few months to get this going. She's a real down to earth gal & definitely a Pro cake designer. I ordered a Sexxy Red (6 in red velvet w/ coconut rum mouse filling) SUPER moist.Surrounded were 6 red velvet w/ chocolate rum cupcakes & 6 lrg vanilla butter w/ coconut rum filling. Mmm! All had fondant in a motif cherry design with even edible glitter.My sister absolutely loved it, as all 10 girls inhaled our cupcakes into thin air. THANK U Lacia & Hottcakez for making the icing on the cake weekend for all of us!P.SWish we were able to snap a quick pic w/ U & the Hoff's cake that were U going to deliver next, I sure hope he must've loved it as well!~Vix L.
5	I recently needed a one of a kind custom Cake for my Cousins birthday out in Vegas and since i am in New York I didn't know who I could trust to help me pull this off. I called around and the prices I got was enough to put a down payment on a house, lol but when I finally called Lace of Hottcakez not only  was her prices reasonable but she made us feel comfortable doing a long distance order...she also helped us find the venue for a huge discounts. As for the Cake.... The Cake was exquisite never have I seen a more perfectly well executed cake. It was a sculpted custom cake that can rival any cake decorator the USA. HOTTCAKEZ IS PROFESSIONAL, PHE---NA---ME---NAL, AND ARTISTIC. These cakes shouldn't be eaten because they are works of art... not only was the cake beautiful my cousin was the talk of the town with his one of a kind custom cake.... he said it was the star of a MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!
5	I recently had the pleasure of having treats from Hottcakez. I must say that they taste like they came straight from heaven. Absolutely amazing flavor. The red velvet with caramel buttercream was on of the best cakes I've ever had. The owner is also very professional and friendly. I highly recommend Hottcakez.. Just make sure you buy enough goodies. I was so sad when I ate my last bite. Yeah...it's that good.
1	I only wish there was an option for 0 stars!!! I am not someone who is just looking to trash a business and I don't consider myself hard to please, but my horrible experience leaves me no choice but to highly recommend you NEVER try to do business with this place.I purchased a Groupon for $40 off a custom cake or cupcakes as my 30th birthday was coming up at the end of January and I was throwing a big bash for 6 of my closest friends.  Over 3 weeks in advance I put in an email inquiry stating that I had a Groupon and that I would like pricing for two different options. After 10 days of no response, I wrote again (they never answer the phone so after numerous attemps I resorted to email).It was now inside the 2 week mark.  The owner, Lacia, claimed she never saw my email but then gave me a price quote. I responded with my order and a couple days later she said she would have an invoice sent to me with my balance.  The invoice did not come for another few days. It is now the Tuesday before my birthday which is on a Saturday. I happened to be traveling for work at the time and was unable to address it right away. On Thursday around noon I receive an email from her asking if I still wanted my cake because she hasn't seen the payment for the balance. By the way, at no time did she say there was a deadline for paying the invoice, just that it had to be paid before you picked up your cake.  Also, I thought it was pretty hilarious that she would take days up to a week or more to write back but if I didn't pay my invoice within 48 hours she suddenly gets very responsive.Anyway, I emailed her back immediately and said, yes, I still wanted my cake and that I would take care of the balance immediately. (Seriously??? I've been practically stalking you for a month to try and get this cake. Did you really think I would just change my mind less than a week before my birthday??)  I paid via the paypal link she sent and received confirmation of my payment at 1:40pm on Thursday.Fast forward to that Saturday, my 30th birthday and the day of my party. I receive an email at 7:00am from Lacia (because everyone gets up at dawn on the day of their birthday, right?) stating that my payment didn't show up until late Friday night and so she took the day off because it's her son's birthday. (Really? Wow, what a coincidence, me too! That's why I'm trying to order a freaking cake) She said if I let her know right away she MIGHT be able to get it done in time for an evening delivery otherwise she would give me a refund.  Needless to say, I never got a cake delivered to my hotel that night nor have I received a refund despite requesting one three times.I'm sure you and your son had a wonderful day together and that he got to have an amazing cake.  I hope you also told him to enjoy it now because life is full of disappointments.
1	The worst customer experience! I placed an order with them and scheduled a delivery. No one ever delivered the good or followed up with me; I even tried calling them multiple time with no success. Very unprofessional, so STAY AWAY and don't waste your time!!
1	I wish I could have written a review regarding the quality of the cakes but I can only write a review on the customer service at Hottcakez of Las Vegas. I contacted the business owner regarding utilizing a Living Social Deal I purchased months prior to traveling to Las Vegas for my best friend's Bachelorette/Birthday Celebration. The owner was kind enough to agree to take the order for the cupcakes despite her prior commitments for the day which I was grateful. Three weeks before traveling to Vegas I followed up and received confirmation and sent one last confirmation email the week of the event. On June 30th the day that the cupcakes were to be delivered at 5pm, I received an email from the owner at 4:55pm notifying me that they would be unable to make the delivery but they could deliver them between 1pm and 3pm the next day. Unfortunately I was only in Las Vegas for the weekend and already had things scheduled for the next day. I was very disappointed as I had read wonderful reviews about the business. I felt that as a consumer I would have been penalized if I cancelled at the last minute and that this business owner did not provide an alternative option to the issue that her delivery person's vehicle broke down. Taxis are a dime a dozen in Vegas and because it was part of the celebration I would have gone our of my way to secure having them delivered. If it is the owner's other commitments trumped my order I would have at least appreciated further advance notice so I could have made alternative arrangements.
1	I had bought a groupon while back, placed an order, and they NEVER DELIVERED the cupcakes!! They cupcakes were for a party, so I called and called them frantically, left messages, and got NO RESPONSE! They never called back, no apologies or acknowledgement of any kind. So I called Groupon and have my money refunded. I urge you all to stay away and take your business elsewhere!
1	I bought a coupon on living social and I had the hardest time just obtaining an order conformation. After a month (literally 30 days) of calling, sending over 5 emails, and placing orders on the company's website, no response from the bakery. How hard is it just to send an email responding to a cupcake order? I ended up going to another bakery for my niece's birthday cupcakes. Good luck to anyone who purchased a coupon.
5	I have purchased almost 10 cakes from here. At first I would bring tons of pictures with a million suggestions and she would create a masterpiece that tasted great. Now that I am a regular (at least 3 custom cakes a year) I give the owner a theme and let her work her magic. I have yet to be disappointed.  She is by far the best FANCY cake maker/baker/decorator in VEGAS/
1	I got a Groupon for HottCakez. I called at 10:11AM on Monday and the Gal on the phone told me to come by at 12:30PM, because that's when they would be open and I could come in and pick out a dozen cupcakes. So, my sister, my 5 year old niece, 7 week old niece, and I went shopping near by to kill two hours. For some reason NOTHING in Las Vegas is close by, the freeway and highway are all so round about, it takes you almost 30 minutes to get anywhere. Anyway, we came back at 12:30 on the dot and the place still was not open. I went up to the door to check and one of those generic clock signs said, be back at and the clock arms pointed to 1PM. Disappointed, I got back in the car, told my sister the situation, and waited. My sister had to make a phone call, so she agreed to wait. 1:00PM came and went, at 1:10PM I called the number again this time with no answer and I left a message, with no returned phone call. A nice Gal, who I assume owns the pizza place, said that the HottCakez owner was there, because her bar is near the back, and she saw them back there. The place never opened...Needless to say, we didn't get any cupcakes as promised and we will NEVER be going back. Customer service is horrible. If you can't deliver, don't tell me to come back and then NOT answer your phone. I don't mind coming back another day, just let me know. Just because I'm a Groupon buyer, doesn't make me less of a customer. I spent money already, and haven't even tried your product, and now because of you, I never will. We all get busy or things come up, it's how we deal with it that counts.
3	I wanted to try this place out & I saw they had a coupon on here. I had a lot of trouble finding it yesterday because they didn't have a visible sign & their listed phone number went straight to voicemail. I came back today after confirming the address, & it is indeed exactly where the address says on here. They've only been at this location for a short while. I got really confused from the pictures on here of their old location. It is next to a pizza restaurant.  The owner is very kind. I left with 4 cupcakes. They were all good quality cupcakes. The confetti vanilla was my favorite. Really moist cake & not too sweet. The strawberry and red velvet were yummy, but a little too sweet for my family & I. It would also be nice if they had some cupcake holders in their boxes. Even if I was holding the box, they rolled all over the place in the car and the different frostings collided with one another. Other than that, I'll most likely return.
1	we went there 4 times in one week and they were closed with no sign on the window and no out gong message on answering machine about unexpected closure.  Very disappointing.  We wont be back.
5	Just got back from my trip from vegas and I would be remiss if I didn't write a review about this place. Went in for some cupcakes and ended up with so much more. They were delicious and we ended up having a surprise last minute wedding  for some friends while there so we went back asking for more cupcakes or maybe a small cake and the owner totally surpassed our expectations. She turned out the most wonderful wedding cake in just a few hours it was like magic and the taste was even better than the cupcakes! HIGHLY recommend! Wish I lived in vegas so I could go to this place more often! SO GOOD!
5	I love this place!!!! All the deserts are fantastic and so tasty!!! The owner, Lace did my birthday cake and people are still raving about it!!! This is hands down the best bakery in Vegas!!!!
1	Went here today and the business is closed! I bought a Groupon to try it out. Guess I will never know now.
1	Weird their hours say they open at noon on Saturday because at 215 today, they weren't open. I was on that side of town and wanted to grab some cupcakes, but they lost my business to the cupcakery.
5	The best cake ever! Looked great and tasted even better. Any idea you have for a cake, she can create it.
