5	Did you know you could grow Lychees in the desert?I sure didn't....until I went to this little unassuming nursery which is also called Alex's Tropicals.  I met Alex when I decided I wanted to try to grow bananas in my back yard.  Not only for fruit, but for some reason when the houses were built, my neighbor's driveway angles upward so at any given moment if I'm in the backyard, I see heads bobbing up and down on the other side of the wall.Nothing against my neighbors, but there's something to be said about a little privacy in one's own backyard.So Alex recommended a couple of banana species - and even gave one plant free after one of them died on the first occasion - and happily they are shooting up so fast and healthy I will soon have my screen.On top of the great customer service, the nursery is a neat place to just go and look at the different types of fruit trees they sell.  Everything from cherries to dragon fruit, lychee, pineapple, loquats, mangoes, papayas, etc. etc. etc....  It's mind numbing the varieties they have, and the place isn't even that large compared to other nurseries in town.Prices are more than fair, and everyone I've encountered there is extremely well informed and will answer any of your plant questions patiently.  Their website is even cooler.  I hope it gets finished soon, but you can't blame them for not having it completed with all of the info they're cramming on the site.
5	So I was driving on Baseline one saturday afternoon when I saw the sign that made me go What!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and my car automatically started making a U Turn to go right back to the sign. The sign said: Mango Trees. What!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! In Phoenix? No way!Well, sure enough, as I walked in, I felt like I was in heaven. There were a ton of mango trees in this little nursery but also banana trees, GUAVA trees!! (What!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) lemon trees, orange trees and any tropical fruit tree you can imagine. The owner was there and he was so helpful. He showed me so many different types of mango trees and even took out a book of different mangoes so we could go over the ones that I wanted. I ended up buying just one tree as I only have a little patio. The owner explained to me how I can take care of my mango tree in a big pot since I do not have any backyard space. He told me what soil to purchase, what direction I should plant this tree and how often to water it, how often to give it some compost...i mean, this guy really knows his stuff. I even went to his website and wow, it is just a very detailed and informative source.We discussed different types of mangoes and then I mentioned that I really liked Indian Mangoes...and guess what!!!!!!!!!! He had a Alphonso Mango tree! No way!!!! I was beyond excited at this point and wanted to just hug the owner but had to pull back a little. Giggles... Then I mentioned how I also liked the yellow mangoes they carry at Lee Lee Oriental Market in the summer and he showed me a picture of it and he had several of those mango trees. The prices ranged from $20 and up. The more mature plants were $55 and up. I asked what hours the nursery is open and the owner replied that he lives there, so it is open 24/7.This is a must see nursery for anyone who has even a little interest in plants. Just go here. You will not be disappointed.
5	Pratically made this account just to write about this place.I Loved it here. Im from California but im planning to move to Phoenix and I wanted to see what can be grown in Phoenix, so i made my boyfriend stop at this exotic place and gosh! There were so many more varieties than I anticipated. Even Lychee! My personal asian fruit favorite!Its not in a good neighborhood and it looked kind of shabby, however it was absolutely WORTH the visit. the people knew what they were talking about and they knew their product so well. I was very happy, i'd definitely will come back when i move to Phoenix!!
5	The husband / wife / dogs are knowlegeable and friendly... they will continue to offer tons of advice if you keep asking.Exotic varieties.. they also had the same brand (Dave Wilson) and some other unique variety of the fruit trees found at Bakers.  I kept staring at a 3 variety peach tree w/ low chill hours, but alas we already picked up our trees a few wks ago.Good luck to our baby avocado tree, and I better not catch you Yelpers picking the fruit off (in a few years)!  :D
5	Stopped by the Apache Junction location recently to purchase a Keitt Mango Tree, 2 Curry Leaf Trees and a Tamarind Tree. Love the selection he has. He even had a bunch of sugarcane plants and other types of Mango trees.The owner is Very helpful in answering any questions. The store is only open most days from 8:00am to 12:00pm but if you let him know, he can stay around for a late pick up etc.
5	This place is quite amazing. I cannot believe I never knew it was here before.My girlfriend is crazy over growing our own food. However, we live in the city ,not the country so we really cannot do it. She is certain that we can and will.So when we came back from Italy last time, I bought 5 fruit trees.The AZ type of fruit, lemon, orange, cumquat, etc.I ended up by taking back the grapefruit tree because, I had no where to plant it.We ran out of space.Then we found this place, wonderful trees of all sorts. Now she is on a roll, we have to move or fill our entire land with trees. I am guessing we have to move. I think we have no room for more trees at the moment ,but when we do this is where we will be going for sure.If nothing else this place is educational. Lychee trees even!I think she wants an avacado tree,it reminds her of living in Hawaii.
5	Owner very knowledgable and helpful!! Gave us tons of tips for growing our Avacodo tree.  We look forward to returning often as we landscape.
