4	Some friends and I recently decided to try out a new wine bar Jug 'n Barrel in north Phoenix.  Luckily for us Thursday night (the night we decided on) was wine tasting and live music night.  We walked in to a cozy, comfortable and beautifully decorated wine bar.  The bar was adorned with oak barrels and even had tables made out of barrels.  There was a bar area and a separate wine tasting area.  There were many seating options, soft plush couches, large tables or bar stools.  The music playing was soft mellow and relaxing - coffee style music.  They always have various local artists on Thursday's - I was not sure of this guys name, he played guitar and sang cover tunes and did a mean Robert Plant. KUDOS!They had a decent wine selection and good food.  We ordered the amazing sandwich - the original BMT which was absolutely delicious.  I will go back for this sandwich alone.  We also ordered the bruschetta (good) and the cheese plate; for $18 I was pretty disappointed in the cheese plate.  I have paid less at other restaurants and received a better and larger assortment.  We also ordered a bottle of the Gordon brother chard (good).  For $7 we did the wine tasting (7:00-8:30) and sampled four reds.   Keep in mind if you buy a bottle you sample the $7 is comped, which we did. All in all a wonderful dining experience and we will be back!
4	Some amazing friends of mine surprised me and set up a whole birthday dinner at Jug 'n Barrel! This was my first time here and was shocked at how cute the place was. Even in a strip mall it actually had a fireplace which gave it a very cozy feel. The wine list is great and not too intimidating. We had a great server who even put together a wine flight to match my sweet tooth. The only thing that knocks a star (More like 1.5 stars) off the rating is the completely average food. We had a group of about 12 and ordered several appetizers and all of us ordered entrees. I don't think any of us were blown away by our meals. Although I will not return for a meal, I would return for wine with friends.
5	So, last Saturday night, Jamie and I were invited out to Jug 'n Barrel by our friend John Pomeroy, who is the chef there. It was nice and empty when we got there, but had a cozy ambiance with warm lighting and bookcases with games and magazines, and lovely soft music(though we left just before the live music started).For hors d'oeuvres, I ordered the Olive Bowl(a great variety of Greek olives served with herb crackers) and the mussels(both Jamie and I's first time trying mussels--sauteed in garlic, served in-shell, and so wonderfully buttery they melted in my mouth--though Jamie wasn't as fond of the inherent mussel-y taste)...Jamie ordered the Croque Monsieur...black forest ham covered in melty Swiss cheese and white truffle oil, served open-faced on toast(more like Texas toast, it seemed like)...it was so crunchy, cheesy, melty(yea, sounds like a Taco Bell commercial haha), that, although I've NEVER liked Swiss cheese, I sincerely enjoyed the few bites that I had. The Croque was served with string french fries that had just enough golden crunch and just enough softness to rival McD's...I had the salad(can't remember what it was called), with seasoned, toasted walnuts and rich crumbled bleu cheese...John told us the walnuts were rolled in cayenne pepper and rosemary, and let me tell you--I'm a sucker for flavored walnuts in salad, be they with spices or with sugar, so I LOVED it...the salad came drizzled in a champagne vinagrette that paired nicely with Jamie's wine: the to-die-for Rosa Regale Banfi Sparkling Red...that wine was SO good that I've bought it from Whole Foods 3 times since visiting Jug...it's rich and thick(not syrupy, just not barely-existent, like most sparkling wines)...and it tastes like rose petals and strawberries :)also, during the meal, John brought out a special he had created--2 juicy steak medallions drizzled in honey balsalmic--Jamie's reaction was "That could be the only sauce I'd eat with steak, besides A1"...it was lovely...anyway, definitely going back there, monthly, for their wine-tasting Thursday nights, as recommended by the chef :)
5	I really wanted to hold off reviewing this until I had actually eaten there. However, the place is good enough that it deserves to be reviewed on it's own. Just keep in mind, I didn't eat there. But I did see the food. And I'm SO going back for the food.I chanced into here based on a quick iPhone Yelp search for "wine". I'd actually been looking for a wine store, so it goes to show you how much I'd read. Upon arrival, my friend and I decided that even if we couldn't buy a bottle to depart with, the atmosphere was pleasant enough to stick around for. You know, for a glass of wine.We sit at the nice dark wood bar and the bartender sweeps over. My friend was undecided on her choice and, on my suggestion, asked the bartender.This was the best choice made that day. By anyone. Anywhere.The somo....somma.....sumal.....wine guy asked her about her tastes and preferences (red, non-specific) and gave her a few tastes. A bit more conversation and he recommends going for the "Discovery" flight. This turns out to be a fantastic idea for her. A spectrum of red wine was put before her and she was left in a state of bliss.The....wine guy turns to me and asks about my tastes (red zinfandels, the "real" ones, as I found out), but I'm open to trying new wines. He thinks on it for a second and mutters a few possibilities while he looks at the shelf of wine behind the bar. Inspiration strikes, and he pulls out a pinot noir. Strange, but I'll go along with it. It was the damnedest thing, but if it wasn't a pinot noir that has a lot of the earthy characters that I love in red zin.So that was how the night went. By the time I left there, with the good-matured feeling that wine gives you, I had been thoughroughly educated in all sorts of things about wine.  I actually even found out that the winery that sells one of my favorite zins has "sold out". Sad, but always good to know.In short: Go here now! Sit at the bar with your friend(s) and talk to the (asks Mr.Internet) sommelier! and enjoy some fantastic service and, of course, wine.
4	Unfortunately, Jug n Barrel has closed.
4	Review based on wine & appetizer (never had a full meal).  They had great service with a good range of wines, many of which were not available at other merchants.  Having a decent selection to choose from by the glass was also a plus.  Unfortunately with the discount wine places opening up in the West valley, this place couldn't make it.
