4	I have to admit, I'm not usually a JCPenney shopper. Today, however, I needed to purchase an outfit for an interview and felt I would have the most luck here. I was correct. I found a nice blouse for $14, tights for $7, and killer pumps for $30 (my splurge of the day) for the occasion. Besides finishing my interview attire, I found a cute zebra-print romper for $4 dollars. Yes you heard me correctly, FOUR DOLLARS. I also found an adorable tank top for another outrageous $2. Head in there this weekend, they are having a killer Labor Day sale and it's totally worth it. Oh and on top of that the employees were super friendly AND there is a Sephora inside. I never thought I'd say this but I might shop at this JCPenney again.
5	I visited the JCPenney Salon on a recommendation from a friend, and was very pleased with the service, cut and price. I was a little apprehensive about going into a department store for a haircut, but the staff was professional and the prices were excellent. But the most positive aspect of my visit was how accommodating they were. If you're a hijabi this location can accommodate your request for privacy. I asked the woman on the phone and she was able to arrange it with my stylist. My stylist was extremely nice and didn't seem to mind cutting my hair in the waxing room. She also did a fantastic job of fixing my hair after a bad haircut I got elsewhere. They also sent me home with a few coupons for my next visit. I plan on going here again!
5	Great prices and friendly staff. Shop for the whole family in a one stop shop!
4	Mary at the JC Penney styling salon is great.   I had some pretty damaged hair, she gave me a great cut, nice new color and it looks great.  A little expensive, but worth it...thanks Mary.
5	I go to the JC Penney salon because that's where my stylist, Samantha, works. She saved my hair! My previous stylist left color on too long and literally fried it. Samantha and I are in a repair process that I trust. Better yet, she's a hoot! A very sweet girl with a great personality and excellent styling skills...I highly recommend her!
5	Samantha in the Salon did a terrific job with my hair.  She really listened and my hair turned out great.  I will definitely return!
4	Hands down, this is the CLEANEST JCP I've gone to. The people are generally nice. I usually shop online and have the clothes delivered to this store. If you haven't used that service, I recommend it. JCP has some amazing clothes at great prices and online shopping is so easy. Plus, returns are a breeze. I don't know why more people don't do this!
5	So this review is about the portrait studio inside, I didn't really shop around (reason will be explained in a minute) but it looked clean and well put together so yay for that. So I called JCPenny Portrait Studios a couple days ago to see if they would allow me to take my dog Roscoe to the studio to get our picture taken together. These pictures were very important to me because he is turning 12 in December and our time is limited if you know what I mean. Anyways so I called them on Saturday and they scheduled me an appointment on Monday (tonight) night which was super quick for such late noticed. So there I went, I walked my 60lb dog all the way through JCPenny (because the portrait studio was in the back) and not one employee was a brat about it. They all greeted him warmly and pointed me in the right direction. The woman who took our picture was named Erica and she was amazing. So patient with Roscoe and had some great ideas. The pictures came out absolutely fabulous and I am SO excited to get my prints. I was on a budget and she didn't push me to buy a ton at all, it was pressure free. I wanted a CD but it was so expensive she even showed me a cheaper alternative, ($10 to put them online for 2 years) instead of trying to convince me to buy a CD. The prices are ridiculously reasonable. Regular prints cost $4/sheet and special effects prints start at $10. Really, you can't beat prints at $4/sheet... All in all I am very impressed and so excited for these prints (I'll put pictures up when they go online!) One tip: Don't go in without a coupon...go online to their website jcpportraits and print them out! I got a coupon for one free sitting (a sitting is $9/person so since there was two of us it only cost $9) along with a two pose package which included 1 8X10, 2 5X7's and eight wallets. If you're hesitant on JCPenny Portrait Studios, or want to bring a pet in I definitely reccommend doing so!!
5	Love this store!
5	Dina at the salon is excellent!! Not only does she have the experienced detailed knowledge for coloring, but she cuts amazingly!! I am so picky about my hair and I am happy to have finally found someone who gives me exactly what I want! Thank you, Dina!
4	Why do I always forget about this place? JC Penney's is great for stylish clothing, shoes, and home needs. This location remodeled not that long ago, which makes it better than some of the other JCPs out there. You can actually find what your looking for easily with everything being so neat and clean. Also, they have a sephora in the middle of the store! Bonus points!!I came in looking for a new job interview outfit and JCPs certainly delivered with style and price. I was able to purchase a pencil skirt, blazer, top, and pointy heels all for less than $100! Don't worry JCPs ill try not to forget you ever again! Promise :)
4	I grew up shopping at JCPenney's and I just can't stop shopping here now that I'm an adult. Yes, a lot has changed at JCP over the past few years, but they still have decent clothing as great prices. I came here specifically looking for a white button down blouse and was not disappointed. Since I can't help but browse, I also found some awesome boots on sale. The employees who assisted me were helpful, despite being swamped with other customers. This location is nice as it is very large and kept rather clean and organized. I can easily navigate between departments and find what I need. Also, the parking is plentiful since it is at Temple Marketplace. Overall, I like coming here and will definitely be back.
5	Kind of expensive.  But I usually just buy the sale items or clearance items. Love getting my 4 year old's clothes for dirt cheap!
5	I went to the Sephora inside this Jcp while i was in town, and the service was great!The sales girl was really nice and helped me find a great concealer. She also helped me find a foundation match since the color iq ipad couldnt find a match for me. Definitely best service I've experienced @ a Sephora! :)
3	This rating is for the Sephora inside of the JC Penny. It's alright. I normally come here when I don't want to go to Fashion Square. They never have anything in stock though, and sometimes I feel like the sales girls follow me like I'm going to steal something. It is convenient having a Sephora in tempe though and I have encountered a few very helpful sales girls.
4	I can't say much for JCPenney itself, but I constantly get compliments for a shirt I purchased there. A t-shirt that has the pictures and names of all of the characters from the Super Mario Bros. Nintendo game. It was cheap and I am glad I found it. It is constantly a talking point with strangers and someone yesterday asked if they could take a picture of it.
4	I hate shopping for dress clothes. This was my second time in 24 hours, because i blundered into spending way too much on clothes i really didn't want to wear the night before. JCPenney to the rescue. They had a great selection at totally easy-to-swallow prices. Ed and Charles, in the men's department, are totally helpful and really made my task way less obnoxious.
3	Man this place is overpriced. They send out coupons almost weekly. Usually for $10 off $25 and some online coupons. Really nothing that special, and it still doesn't knock the prices down to what you can get at Kohl's. Also, since their fall from grace a few years ago, their big and tall section royally sucks. They stopped carrying St. John's Bay standard colored pocket t-shirts and instead sell their own crappy JCP line which only feature SUPER bright colors. This may seem like a trivial compliant, but the $10 big and tall shirts in earthy tones (and some brighter ones) is what really drew us here for a long time. Now there's either JCP bright colors, or the option to dress like a gangster if you are a male over 6'4 and shopping here. Also, I hate the "boutique" layout for women. It takes forever to shop and match clothes between brands. Smart strategy, I get it. But when your clothes are not that cute and overpriced, it doesn't entice me. Also I signed up for their JCP rewards. If you spend $100 in one month you get a $10 off coupon for the following month. Even though I will NEVER hit that mark, it still irritated me that an employee could not find my reward account in their system so a hefty purchase (a nice pillow) would count toward it. Yet she could still find some of my information. Not sure if it was her incompetence, or that she kept saying the system was messed up and freezes on them a lot. Either way its something they need to fix. When I went to pick up the pillow, another associate that helped me gave me the number of the rewards program to call so I can sort it out with them. Their system couldn't see how close I was to earning the coupon. Seems like a crappy set up to me for the nice make over the place has.
4	Best place for business wear, for work, job interviews, etc. And Levis are always on sale. Make up counter for the girls, casual wear for the guys. Win win. I hope they stick around..
