5	I can't really explain my obsession with Milio's.  But I'll try.By the way, if halfway through this, you realize that I am crazy and you don't want to hear any more, please feel free to stop reading.I guess it's not only that I have this thing about cold sandwiches.  It's also the fact that there have been specific situations in which I had said sandwiches from Milio's that made them work for me.  By the way, this location in Monona is my favorite, because it was close to work (and Caribou coffee), but I have also had sandwiches from the ones on State Street as well as in Waunakee, and, not surprisingly, the results were almost identical.  It is a chain, after all.The first time was when I was  at an all-day music recital with other teachers, and we were STARVING, and our boss was like, "I'll order something.  Milio's?"  I didn't even have the wherewithal to disagree, because I was so deliriously hungry, but when that sandwich was delivered to me, on a whole wheat bun, with lettuce, tomato, turkey, provolone, and SPROUTS....NOM NOM!  I thought it was the best thing in the entire world.The next time was after I had run a 20K race in Monona.  The only thing I could think about from miles 10-12 were a Vanilla Light Cooler from Caribou, and a Milio's sandwich.  Good thing they are right next door to each other.The third time was when I was moving.  Moving sucks, packing sucks, finding food to eat when you've packed everything to cook with sucks.  To Milio's I went.  And it was glorious.I can't believe that Milio's is only a Wisconsin thing.  (Well, they also have them in Iowa, Nebraska, and Minnesota.  Yeah, I checked the website.)  I am mad. Very mad.  Jimmy John's is not the same.  No whole-wheat bread unless you want a regular sandwich and not a sub.  Hell naw!  I guess they have sprouts, but...meh.  I will deal with it.  But it ain't Milio's.My husband thinks I'm crazy.  He hates Milio's, Jimmy John's, Subway, and everything like it.  He'll only order a cold sandwich if he goes to a Little Italy neighborhood and gets one with all the Italian meats and cheeses. My husband likes Quiznos, which I think is because they toast their sandwiches.  I hate Quiznos.  I once went there because I couldn't get to Milio's, and asked for the sandwich cold...and....not a good sandwich.   The toasting totally masks the fact that their bread sucks!.  He just doesn't understand my obsession with Milio's.  I don't blame him, really, because Milio's is like the cold version of McDonald's.  But I don't care.  Thank you for your time.
4	For a quick sandwich it is pretty hard to beat Milio's.  Their recently run, and unfortunately ended, Mediterranean sandwiches were amazing.  I still have dreams about the veggies hummus with the Mediterranean relish "schug" added in for a little extra kick.The ingredients are always taste nice and fresh and the staff has welcoming.  Be sure try the cookies and the big ass pickle.
2	I actually really like the subs, but the morons working really made this review.With the amount of unemployed people looking for work you decide to hire complete morons with no customer service skills.
2	Excellent Sandwiches. That said...Do not order delivery around lunch! I've been waiting close to 2 hrs for my sandwich and haven't even received a phone call confirming the online order I placed. (I did receive a confirmation email.) This is the second time this has happened. Last time I told them to forget it and went elsewhere. Milios-If you can't deliver in a reasonable amount of time, you need to hire an additional person or get rid of your delivery service. This is ridiculous.
1	The subs are a joke.  I remember when this chain was called Big Mikes and the subs were BIG. Now they have paper thin slices of meat and mostly your buying bread and lettuce.  Then they charge you for mayo. Absolute rip off. Amazing how easily people are fooled. Guess thats why they are so profitable. They were smart to slowly decrease portion size over time, most people have no memory of how this chain started on University Ave with rhe best subs I ever had. SAD.
1	Sulky customer service every time I've been here. They also skimp on the portions compared to other Milio's locations in Madison.
