5	Love at first sip! Foodies and Beer lovers beware your wallets will empty upon arrival to Imbibe. It Awesome. The menu isn't super extensive but has some great dishes, including some vegetarian options. The service was awesome, our server had tons of knowledge as far as the menu goes and great beer knowledge i love everything i drink here. They serve local wines and craft beer only from Ontario. The server let me know they change beer almost everyday and often only buy one keg per beer.All i want to do is come here everyday. I would live here. Imbibe is spot on. Just what downtown Kitchener needed!I love you Imbibe.
1	Awful food. The beer selection was local, interesting craft stuff. My meal was clearly mostly prepped by a robot or possible undocumented immigrant in California, as it was machine perfect square sliced and aged to sourness. Bitter, sour salad, dry machine cut chicken on my flatbread.Go for the selection of half a dozen craft beer, but be prepared to wait for service. And for the love of god, eat elsewhere.
5	i'm From Atlanta GA, stumbled on this little jem. Best fish tacos i've had and better caesar salad i've had in long time, got the dressing just right. HIGHLY recommend
5	Great food and local beer collection. Friendly staff! All around solid vibe. Lobster bisque soup had really big chunks of fresh lobster and cheesecake (made in house), is phenomenal.
5	Best food, staff, and atmosphere in KW! The menu is creative, the beers are craft, and the service is impeccable. Why would you go anywhere else?
5	Great atmosphere, delicious food. The poutine wasn't exactly traditional, but it was great nonetheless.
1	When I first heard about Imbibe opening it was a great announcement. They have delicious craft beers and delicious menu options that taste phenomenal. In addition, it has a nice layout and great atmosphere. Unfortunately, this is not even close to being enough to allow me to ignore how horrible the service has been 3 out of the 4 times I have been there. The first two times attending Imbibe we were barely approached and if we were it was with an entitled and pretentious attitude. The waitress made us feel as if we were bothering her by being there. Not to mention we were also severely rushed into leaving, even though it was made obvious the bills were not needed. But with all that in the past, lets discuss my last visit. When we arrived we picked a newly vacated seat outside and informed our waitress ( the same waitress all three times ) we needed menus. 5 minutes later our menus came and we ordered beer. 10 minutes later the first beer came but the second beer had been forgotten and took another 5 minutes to arrive. Than we ordered food and I pondered, "i am not sure which one to pick." And our waitress responds "just pick one*. To top of the evening after waiting probably 30 minutes for our food it came out wrong and I had to wait about 15 minutes for a replacement. Once again, our waitress actef entitled and better than you, which is the opposite of the environment I want to be paying to hang out in. I work customer service at store with challenging customers and I know how irritating and aggravating our customers and jobs can be but that never gives you the right to talk down and belittle people who are just trying to enjoy a night out. I want to attend imbibe on a regular basis but will not anytime in the near future. I write this review so that the management and owners of Imbibe can be notified that they have a staff member that evokes all this in me. The angry and immature side of me says only this, her name starts with an Ed
3	Good beer selection. The food is nothing spectacular. They also have board games so you can hang out with friends. Not a bad place to go after a meal to have some drinks and relax with friends. Sometimes they do run out of some beer in days with events in downtown Kitchener.
5	Stayed at the Walper across the street and was suggested this place for good Canadian craft beer.Beers were just what we were looking for, and the chirchirillo and hummas were very good.Had a great time shooting the U.S. You Know what at the bar, and would suggest this place to anyone over crappy mainstream beer.
