5	I've been getting my nails done since I was a junior in high school and if you dont know me, you're going to have to take my word for it thats its been more than a few years since then.  So I know what I'm talking about when I rate this nail joint 5 stars.  I live about 20-25 minutes away from their Elliot/Kyrene loation but its worth the gas out there.  I always know exactly what I'm getting.  Theres hardly ever a wait and the staff is super friendly.  They are of Taiwanese decent I believe but they dont sit there talking trash about you the entire time, which is hard to come by I feel like.  Their pedicure stations are complete with spa style massage chairs, their waxing room is impecably clean, and their pink and whites get me compliments weeks after I get them done.  Prices are comparable if not on the low side of the scale.  Ask for Ken or Jenny and tell them Emily sent ya.  You'll be taken good care of.
4	BFF and I went here yesterday afternoon. Very close to my work, and I'll go here for sure on my lunch break/right after work.LOVED:Very long leg massage.Hot rock massage.HOT towels to wipe off the oil/lotion.Didn't love:Water was tepid at best.Not enough pressure on the massage.My legs were very oily after, and I need to rub it in more to be able to pull my pant legs down.Still, for $20, probably the best I've had since I've been in AZ. I'll see how long my pedi lasts. Will be back for sure!!Oh, they have a sign up to please tip in cash. Thanks goodness my BFF had cash, since I never carry it.
1	Avoid at all costs. I think their name is now XO Nails. They were unprofessional, dirty and in then end I am not happy. Should of left before they started.
5	Under new ownership.  The old place was scary.  The new owners are cheery and nice.  Great prices ($20.00 for mani etc)  They have about 65 of the 85 new shellac manicure colors.  Great new massage chairs.  Ask for Michelle or Tiffany.  The great thing is that the music isn't horrible (still going to be adult contemporary stuff but at least no Bolton) and the products are good.  They don't sit around and talk about you (always my annoyance at the nail salons) and the massages are great.  They also do brow waxes but I haven't tried that yet.  Parking is weird, there is plenty of it but virtually none in front.  They are speedy and efficient which is always nice.  Especially if you are in a rush.  The great thing too is that they have a tendency to stay late past their normal closing hours so if it's a true nail emergency you know you have a chance at getting in even if you're ten minutes after closing.
5	Tiffany is so sweet and adorable- I had an AWFUL experience at a mall nail salon last Saturday - she was so happy to fix the hack job that i walked in with-I really didn't even have to elaborate what i wanted - she asked a few questions about shape and tip- and before I knew it - I felt gorgeous again. Michelle Give a great pedicure- her massage was long and relaxing- she did a hot stone massage  while Tiffany removed my ugly nails- These girls were so sweet taking me in at last minute - and even stayed late to make sure I was happy- They really made me feel comfortable and I left Feeling like my business was actually appreciated.   There is a Previous review linking them to "XO NAILS"  these are NOT the same Nail salon-XXX
5	I love coming here. Prices are standard but service is excellent. They pay attention to details and care about customer happiness which serves well for retention. Tiffany is definitely the best when it comes to shellac manicures and acrylic nails. Staff is super friendly, and they will wait for you if you call before closing time.
5	Found this place via Yelp, decided to go get mani/pedi after successful wedding dress shopping at Strut. Yelp didn't let me down, this was a great little salon. We went without an appt at 6:15 (they close at 7) and they took my sister and I in no problem and were very sweet. Luxury pedi was really nice, massage coulda had more pressure but they made up for that with the best callous treatment I've ever had. My feet are insanely smooth, she really did a great job.The shellac mani ran into problems however because my thumb wouldn't cooperate and she had to redo it three times. After the first time I told her to just leave it- there was like a little air bubble and it was past closing and I felt bad. But she wanted to do it perfect so she redid it till it was. Even though I would have accepted having one thumb nail polish looking a bit off I'm glad she wanted to fix it cause it took the pressure off me. I think my one regret is not having more money to tip (it's cash only). I gave a nice tip, but wanted to over do it a bit cause she was so good.
5	Love these ladies. The $20 pedicure is the best deal and the toenail polish lasts forever.
1	AWFUL, AWFUL, AWFUL! My mom, sister and I came here because of the awesome reviews I found... I have no idea where those came from! OMGeez! The lady rushed through my manicure to try to get me over to the pedicure station... she did not clean up my cuticles and left tons of the nail that was filed off still hanging off the tips! I asked for them to be a little shorter and then she literally filed off the top of my pinkie because she was irritated I asked for her to fix it! No joke! The skin is gone! All of my nails are filed crooked and my thumb nail is held on by just the acrylic and is not actually touching my real nail to secure it down. When she rushed me over to the pedicure chair, she told me she would go back through and clean them up before painting them but she never touched them again! She has someone else paint them without doing anything else. At the end, she kept telling me she was going to cut me a deal but actually charged me way more than she was suppose to and today, the day after... all of my nails are yellow when they are suppose to be french tip! UGLY!!!  I will NEVER EVER again go here!
1	Terrible service! I don't recommend this place to anyone! They can't even file nails right, my nails were all crooked and uneven, so they sent another lady over to try and get it right. While she was filing my nails they were talking about me in Chinese or Vietnamese...I believe Chinese...who knows! I asked them to stop and I let them know it was rude! The whole experience was a nightmare! I walked out with nail polish on top of my cuticles! I doubt they even went to school to do nails! Other customers were laughing at me! These people are beyond rude! Never go there!!!!!!!!!
5	Great service!!  I love coming here for my mani/pedi.  The nail techs are always so nice and friendly.  They have a great color selection for regular and gel nails.  My pedicures always come out fantastic and if you spring for the design, it's well worth it!  I never tell them what to do for the design and my toes always come out great!  I always get compliments on my toes.  If you want to pamper yourself without having to pay an arm and a leg doing so, head on down to Liberty Nails!
1	First off let me say I am not one to complain nor am I a fan of negativity. I am 21 years old and have been getting my nails done since I was 16 and my experience at this place of "business" was the worst experience of my life. It took every strain of morality and self control to not cuss at the nail techs. They certainly deserved it. Or worse. One day on my 30 minute lunch break I went around the corner to this place to get my eyebrows done. There were about 7 nails techs sitting around (only one was actually with a client ding her acrylics) when I walked in, and not only did not one of them speak nor greet me, they all just stared at me. I stood there in silence for about 2 minutes until I decided to speak. When I asked if someone could do my eyebrows. They all just looked around at each other until finally one of the techs, with a loud dramatic sigh, stood up slowly and just began to walk back to the waxing room. She didn't speak to me once, I just followed her. I went in there and laid down and she began messing around with her waxing utensils, still having not said one single word to me. I said "if possible, can you not take any off the inside or outsides? I orefer longer brows, and I don't grow any hair between my brows." She said"sure, no problem. Close your eyes." I close my eyes, and the first thing she did was the only thing I asked her not to do: take some off of the insides. I was livid, but kept my composure and held my tongue. The whole time she was waxing my brows she kept saying "Ohhhh, pretty." She was done in about 30 seconds, held the mirror to my face, and I saw that she did not at all take her time. My eyebrows were short, far apart, and one had arch and one was a straight line. Please keep in mind that I am part Arabic so I do have thick, long eyebrows to work with. Upon finishing, the tech just left the room and walked to the register, again, no words at all. I just followed. I began to pull out my debit card and she began to scowl at me. I said, "no?" She said "Cash is better." Embarrassed, I informed her that I do not have cash. I said, "I apologize. Do you guys not accept debit?" She looked behind her at all the nail techs staring at me in disbelief, and a couple of them began to shake their heads.She looked disgusted, annoyed, and very irate. I assumed this was an error on my part and looked around the shop for a "cash only" sign. There wasn't one. Nor was there one outside. So I hand her my card and she aggressively snatches it out of my hand. Again she repeated "Cash is better." She runs my card, hands me my receipt, and says " make sure you leave your tip in cash." I said" but I do not have cash." she said, "well then how will you leave a tip?" I said, "Can I not leave one on my card?" For the third time She repeated "Cash is better." I said "Ok. Well I don't have cash." I left a $2 tip on my card and handed it to her and she said, "next time you come here make sure you have cash." Why would I EVER come back? They do poor quality work and are just as bold and rude as I don't know what. they must be millionaires and not need any business. I'm appaled anyone has given them any kind of decent review on here. If this was the last nail shop in AZ I would rather walk around with dirty, broken nails. Never again. I hope they go out of business and open up a space for some quality nail techs. I hate sounding so ugly but the treatment and service I received was more unproffessional than anywhere I've ever been.
5	Really great place. Awesome color choices for gel, My gel manicure and pedicure are  so pretty! I always leave happy.
5	This place is amazing with customer service and the quality of the products that they carry. i came in around 6:30 when its kinda late and they took me in right away , they did not give me any attitude like other places would with late customers. I asked for a basic pedi and shellac mani and they really spent their time to work on me .it was the most relaxing time ive ever had in a nail salon for awhile . after reading everyone's reviews on here, i find there are some commons about this shop ; good prices, good product and amazing job that the nail techs do. i definitely gonna go back whenever im in town  .
5	I just moved around this area and thought I try some nails places around here and by far I like this place the best because my nails polish last really long, the nails techs there are very nice, and the place was warm and clean.
5	I wrote a lot of reviews for businesses but they are moved to "not recommended". I'm disappointed and dont want to write review anymore. I upset with Yelp's system. Please give me the reason for all of this. Thanks
3	My mother-in-law was in town, so we decided to go get mani/ pedis. I found this place and thought the reviews were pretty decent and decided to give them a try. First, they were very friendly and gave us both great pedicures. We both got the deluxe (mid-range) one and they did a great job.  But that's where the fun ended. I got a regular manicure, which went fine until I got outside and realized how horrible the paint job was! She gave me 2 coats, but the second only covered about 60% of my nail and you can clearly see the layers. She also shredded my cuticles (it wasn't painful, just didn't clean them up after trimming them).  I had to fix them myself when I went home. Save yourself the money and paint your nails at home. But, if you're looking for a good pedicure, I would definitely recommend them!
3	My pedicure was nice, the ladies were good company, and there was no wait. The problem, though, was my gel manicure. Once it was done, there was so much extra buildup on my cuticles that was not then filed down. The buildup peeled away from my skin and the gels chipped off from the bottom within a week.
