5	This place has been a fantastic addition to Chambana. It's perfect for date nights, bachelorette parties, random get togethers, or even company team-building events. I brought my wife here for our third anniversary and we had a blast. We brought our own wine (you can bring appetizers too if you want) and ended up with two beautiful renditions of a wonderful painting. The instructor is super friendly and very talented. It's on the second floor of the building and was a little hard to find at first, but there was a guy waiting downstairs directing people up to the second floor. Much appreciated!
4	Had a super time painting with a group of girls to celebrate a birthday. Relax atmosphere, cozy room, creative instructor and friendly personnel (man/wife team?). Met good people there. It is something fun and interesting to do, and a chance to use art skills. So pleased the studio is here.I give 4.5 stars. I would like a Saturday afternoon session. All of the sessions I have seen have been posted as private parties. Afternoons would work so much better in my schedule.
2	This isn't our first art entertainment rodeo. We have been to other similar venues across the country and were excited to try the Art Party Studio in Champaign last night because we enjoyed the others so much.  Sadly, we were disappointed.Let's start with the positives:- Unlike other venues, in Champaign it is a BYOE (Everything - drinks and food) which wasn't a problem for us, since it gave us the flexibility of bringing what we wanted to drink.  Everything else was fairly similar. - The studio were set up fairly nicely, aprons were provided, and the artist's canvas was shown live on a big screen TV above the stage so that everyone could see what she was doing, which was a very nice touch that we had not seen before. - The studio was well lit, and had a very nice atmosphere. - each person attending the event had an easel set up with a canvas that had a pattern drawn on it, paints prepared on a paper plate, and water and brushes. It was nice not to have to get all of that for ourselves before the class started, as there would have been a traffic jam with all of the people around the paint area.- We were greeted when we walked in by a very nice gentleman who ensured that we were set up and understood what would be happening.Then the fun began. Or, rather, it was supposed to. Here are the disappointing parts:- when the painting was about to begin, the instructor got onstage, and just jumped right in. There was no banter, chitchat, introduction, or discussion on what would be happening that night. Just straight to business. It felt awkward and uncomfortable, and didn't start the night out on a positive note.- The instructor demonstrated what we would be doing, but neglected to tell us key points about what techniques to use or what to avoid until it was too late. This happened multiple times through the night, almost at every step of the way. It is very frustrating to find out what not to do after you've already done it, and now you've been told how it will mess up your painting.- when I ran out of blue paint I asked for more (the paint jars were not set up to be a help yourself - no labels or anything) and was given a stern look by the instructor after she checked my plate to ensure I really did need more. I was given a little more, and was told that if I needed more I needed to water it down so that the paint would go farther. Later, when I asked for a second paper plate to mix colors, I was told I didn't need another, and that I could mix the colors over the colors I had on my first plate. Seriously? We paid $60 to be given a canvas, some paint, some instruction, but most of all a fun night. Being lectured about paint usage and an extra paper plate really dampened the vibe. Are we in elementary school again?- We were never checked on, or asked if we needed any help or were doing okay. This was unusual compared to other studios. Questions to the instructor were answered, but after a few unenthusiastic answers people just stopped asking questions. The only time the instructor circulated through the room was when she had her camera out to take what she called her PR photos. Frustration and photos do not mix well.- overall we felt like our creativity was stifled - we were constantly reminded of the "right" way the painting should look as opposed to being encouraged to put our own mark on our pieces, down to using the right colors in the right places and the requirement of painting the sides of the canvas. We left the event with two very similar looking pieces, as did everyone else. The night felt rushed, especially after the event when the instructor told us to clean up and then immediately began putting materials away. This vibe ensured that no one stayed to chat or enjoy the night. It would have been a great and needed  addition to Champaign / Urbana entertainment, but was really not fun enough for repeated visits. Too bad.
