4	I had a slow leak in my rear driver side tire so I went to Firestone on a Saturday around 4:00pm. I was out of there within 40 minutes with the problem solved. All of the employees were very courteous... not just with me but with everyone else that came in there. I'm out $100 but at least I'm not out of patience.
5	My car wheel was making a dreaded clunk clunk clunk, it sounded like a CV joint problem.  I dropped it off, they called me later and told me my car had different size tires on the back and they needed to be switched to the tune of $19.99!!!  A dishonest mechanic could have taken me for a CV joint ride, but not these guys!!!    An added bonus is, if you drop off your car, there are plenty of places to walk to, even go to the movies.  I love an honest mechanic!!!
4	I needed an oil change and tire rotation this morning; I noticed that there are TWO Firestone stores on Park Rd., within 1/2 mile of each other.  I stopped at the "other one" first, as it was the first one on the left as I drove south on Park.  It took 10 min. for someone to come to the counter, only to tell me that there is a 3.5-hour wait for any service.I promptly left, and went to this Firestone, where they immediately took my car in, and in one hour, I was back in my vehicle, on my way.  Plus, you can have breakfast at the Park 51 Cafe, right behind them, while you wait.  What a great deal!
5	Awesome service here. Making an appt was a breeze on the phone and Scott was very helpful at the front desk.Was having tire issues and got them balanced at another Firestone. They took it right in and checked it out and rebalanced them for no charge. Faster than the time they provide. All around awesome prior military guys who do good work. Whenever I'm in Charlotte they will be my go to place.
4	A very trustworthy car place in my opinion, something that can be difficult to find. I called ahead one Sunday morning because they were one of the few places open and I needed an oil change. They said to come right in and it would take about an hour. After hanging out for around an hour I wandered over to Bojangles and got breakfast, then over to Aldi and did some grocery shopping. It took about 2 hours, but I didn't really have any complaints because they didn't try to oversell me. A few months later my car was rattling and I took it back. It took about an hour for them to look at it and tell me that I needed my engine rebuilt and needed to take it to a Chevy dealership. They didn't charge me for a diagnostic and seemed to be empathetic for the impending death of my car.
1	The service here is not great the  waiting time is more and my service for car given wrong estimation more than $1000 bucks went to local auto service got repair with in $300 bucks.They give wrong estimation to exploit the amt.
5	Good customer service.  Very professional staff. My wife goes there for oil change and some small repairs.
