3	I thought I was going to be on for a coveted first review of this place but Terry's nicked the prize from under my nose. His review is pretty much spot on, it's alright but not as good as you'd think it would be, given an upmarket location and fairly high prices.Like much of Broughton Street, it takes itself a bit too seriously and feels like it's trying too hard to fit in with the general ambiance. The minimalist nature of the place coupled with the ear splittingly dull acid-jazz soundtrack may impress some, but it left me cold.The ciabatta was alright, but it's hard to mess up a chorizo and mozzarella sarnie, and in a city where lunch-based voyages of discovery seem neverending, it's not one of the best.
3	Well the question on everybody's lips: Where is this place and what kind of a business establishment is it?! Come on guys, you can come up with a better name than that.As for the food, it's all pretty standard fare. Given that it's in New Town the bread is usually ciabatta  or foccacia, but that's OK I suppose. There's nothing wrong with this place but there's nothing that great about it either. Hence the 3*. Just feels like it's trying a bit hard. It's OK for a quick lunch but if you're on the wrong side of town don't bother making the trip.
2	I don't *think* my negative view of this place is being coloured by just how hungover I was when I went here, but I guess it could be the case...I stopped by here a few weeks ago when I felt I needed to fill my belly with a bread encrusted substance or I wouldn't be able to go on.  First of all, the customer is meant to select their bread and hand it to someone behind the counter to make the sandwich.  Whereas this sounds like a reasonable idea, I couldn't help but think of just how many people had touched my bread before I selected it.  I don't really know what's wrong with keeping the bread behind the counter and having the workers get it themselves...Second, whenever I order a hot sandwich I continue to be surprised when that means that the fillings are heated in the microwave.  I know I should really see this coming, but I seem to be forgetful.  When I order "flame grilled chicken with a spicy tomato salsa" I don't expect that the "flame" is coming from the microwave.  Microwaved chicken is rubbery and gross and does not belong in a deli trying to pass itself off as upmarket.  My sandwich was little pieces of diced chicken microwaved in some sauce and put on bread.  That was it.  I know that it was technically what I ordered so I shouldn't complain that much, it was just so... blah.  Plus, when I picked it up to take a bite half of the little pieces fell out onto my plate, and that was just annoying.All in all, one star for being not cheap enough for what it was, and leaving my hangover belly even more unhappy than it was before lunch.
4	The New Town Deli offers excellent soup and good quality sandwiches, but at a price.Overall, we said: "we'd heartily recommend the New Town Deli to you. It is more expensive than its neighbours, but the quality is very high. We'd think of this more as a "one-in-a-while" place, as it's a considerable treat for your palette, but we can imagine how others would get very attached to regularly sampling from its pleasing selection of goodness."
4	Uptown girl, that's how I feel when lunching at New Town Deli - it's more upmarket than your traditional sandwich shop... but oh, so much more tasty!  Food is delicious, they obviously use high quality ingredients, and wide selection of goodies. Their smoothies are really good - though not at Hula's level... What I like about this wee spot is how bright it is, if there is 1 thing I love it's light (probably because Scotland is so dark a lot of the time!) - nice big windows, and a really cool big wooden table in the middle so you can lunch & make friends!  Outdoor seating for those days when the sun is out.  Always playing good music, and today seeing as it is Friday they have it nice and loud... (but not too loud for those more sensitive eardrums)Def worth checking out if you are after a quick bite, bit too cramped if you are wanting a more leisurely sunday brunch.
