5	Love Publix. Bright lights, clean floors, happy associates, well stocked shelves, brilliant produce and meats. Yum.We did our full week's shop this week and yes, it was more expensive than it would have been at Wal-Mart (not that I buy much there) and I would estimate that it was about the same as I would have paid at Teeter. But wow, the quality here. Loved the canolis in the bakery, the salmon from the fish counter, the great green beans from the produce department. All of it, really great.We'll come back in a few weeks when the new-ness has worn off.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!Publix is simply amazing. It is exactly what grocery shopping should feel like. I hate walking in to a Walmart. Sure, prices are cheap, but everything feels dirty and the employees hate life. It is a miserable experience. Publix is the exact opposite. Super clean, well lit, organized, and full of smiling employees... What's not to love! The prices are a bit higher than Wally World, but the quality and upgraded shopping experience are well worth the extra pennies. They also have an amazing deli bar with Boar's Head Meats.
5	I CANNOT express how happy I am to finally have a real grocery store close to home. You never know how much you appreciate the convenience of a local grocery store until Walmart is your only option. Ugh. So, I very happily welcome Publix to the neighborhood. As previous reviews have mentioned, it's super clean, well lit, stocked and has some of the nicest employees ever! I'm also a fan of their subs with Boars Head meat (which you can order online and avoid the long lunch line) and their sushi is freshly made and really fresh! I'm a huge fan of this place! I mean...really...what more can a girl ask for!?!
5	This Publix has great customer service and an awesome variety of pre-prepped meat options (which I highly receommend)!  I will go here again soon!
4	I love Publix. Very clean stores with very a very wide selection of just about anything. They have tons of lunch options and their Aprons program is great for inspiration.You will have plenty of people offer to help and/or make recommendations. They are really good with service here. The only thing that wasn't cool is I let a guy ahead of me in the sushi line and the lady gave him a discount since she knew him ...which is fine, but kind of weird when I bought the same thing directly behind him for more money. Ah nepotism ... Anyway I like it better than the Teeter in many ways so I think Publix will be my future grocery store.
