3	I like it. It has a nice feel about the place. Also has an extensive liquor bar with many Irish whiskies. It's clean and inviting with many Tvs and an arcade area as well as pool tables.  If they had a kitchen and served food it would make it an awesome hang out.
5	I've been going to this bar for almost a year now, after it switched from Four Kings. It has a great mix of regulars, occasionals, and first timers, providing for a great atmosphere. There is no "one kind" of clientele, which is what makes this place awesome. They have nightly drink specials, pool tourneys on Tuesdays ($5 entry), free pool Wednesdays after 8pm, and karaoke every other Saturday, among others.To save the best for last, I'll comment on their service. The girls who tend bar know how to bartend - and that is a rare commodity these days. They recognize the regulars, welcome the newbies, and actually TALK with customers.And for their mixing skills, ask for something off-the-wall when they're not packed, and see their face light up at the chance to make a specialty drink for the first time in years, or even better, for the first time.And about the lack of a kitchen, no worries. There are food joints nearby that will deliver to the bar directly, even if they normally don't deliver. Just ask the bartender - they'll tell you which places will run it over, and even get you a take-out menu.If you've been looking for bar that is not trying to be more than a bar, as so many places try to be these days, head over to North Central. Great atmosphere, great conversation, awesome service - best bar in the valley to have a drink, play some pool, and catch a game.
5	Jane, one of the owners, is one of the most gracious, and pleasant business owners I know.Tanya is one of the most awesome bartenders (and friends) I've ever known.I have been going for about a year, and I feel like this is my "Cheers". I know many of the other patrons, and I know the staff well. They always treat me like a friend, and the atmosphere is very welcoming.They also have free WiFi, and one of the best patios in Phoenix.They have free pool every Wednesday night, and pool tournaments every Tue. and Thurs., plus free ping pong on the patio, and foosball and darts in the front room.They have several large-screen televisions, with various sports events on.If you like small, semi-dive bars, and you've not been, stop in and tell 'em Vern sent you. Trust me, you'll like it.
5	I love this bar, have been going there ever since I moved to Arizona seven years ago. It attracts a friendly and fun crowd, I met a lot of good friends there. The owners, Jane and Dave are great people, always doing their best to make the place enjoyable for the customers. The bartenders are friendly, down to earth and always put a smile on my face. They have a great outdoor patio in the back where you can drink and smoke. And they have the coldest beer in town, perfect after a hot day of work. Highly recommend it!
4	About 50+ of my friends and I visited this place last Monday night (yes we gave them a heads-up we'd be coming)... like a bunch of locust we stormed this place for about an hour of drinking and socializing before hitting the road. Walking in, this place isn't the biggest, but I was surprised to find a very good size patio out back with a ping-pong table. They have a pool table too and although it's really just a bar, if you need a snack while there, they have some bar food options (basically anything that'll fit in a microwave behind the bar). The owners were very friendly and the waitress working the bar did a great job handling the crowd. I give them 2-thumbs up. Great little neighborhood hang out.
5	Perfect little neighborhood bar. GREAT MUSIC SELECTION!!! good beer selection and tacos on weekend nights!! Fun place!
3	This is a little dive bar that is good if you are a football fan. They have 7 decent sized tv's and they are currently playing 3 pro football games and a baseball game. It is quiet besides the game and they are serving free nachos this morning. They have a few pool tables, darts, and a pinball machine. The bartender seems nice and attentive. They have the longest happy hour I have ever seen! 11am-6pm. It is dark & dingy in here with very little food options. I like that they allow you to bring in or have good delivered, though!
