5	Being a woman I don't know much about cars. These guys are very patient and take the time to explain what need to be done and how things work. They also always keep your old parts and show u exactly what needs to be replaced! They are always honest and have gave me a MUCH better price then other repair shops. They will not tell you to replace things you don't need to, but will warn you to pay close attention to things that will need work soon,  also will explain how critical it will be if not replaced on time! Choice is up to you if you wanna be CHEAP or get the things done right!!!! Don't forget your driving a BMW!! If your not ready to keep up with the maintenance BUY A FORD OR A HONDA!!! :)
5	They have a very good team of certified BMW technicians . There prices are very competitive.
5	Excellent price, excellent service. I will not go anywhere else for service. Victor and his team are very professional and efficient. I've taken my car there on multiple occasions and they always explain what the issue is and the options I have to fix it. They are not pushy like other places I've been to. I truly believe that they have your best interest in mind when they give you the details of your car and what needs be done. What is critical and should be taken care of first and what can wait until next time. For this reason, and for the fact that I've never had an issue after they have repaired it right the first time, I consider them to be trustworthy and recommend them to anyone who is in need of an honest mechanic.
5	Forget going to the dealers, these guys really know their stuff and will walk you through what needs to be done and give you HONEST advice. They diagnose problems right away and I know I can always count on them to fix my car correctly. They work fast, efficiently, and offer great prices! I highly recommend this shop to everyone with a BMW!
5	Finally they got a yelp! Anyways. I've been coming to these guys for over a year now. I was referred here by a friend(thank Jesus). I initially was taking my car to RG Motorsports(in Henderson) but he wanted $1200 to replace my control arm bushings on my BMW!!!! I get it, I drive a Bimmer. And my dumb ass WAS actually gonna pay that but my friend suggested I go to her mechanic (Victor) and you know how much they charged me? 190 and some change. I just saved 1000 dollars!Couple months later, my car overheated. Got EVERYTHING replaced and my car runs good as new and no problems yet.. But these guys are honest guys. They tell you all the things that need to be done on your car. Things that legit needs to be done. Not some BS catalytic converter or whatever I don't know. They also show you what was wrong on the car so that's pretty dope too.I appreciate their honesty and loyalty to their customers. And their craftsmanship as well. The price is super right and they'll have your car in tip top shape. Don't go anywhere else! Believe me!
5	Been going to these guys for 2 years now. Theyre great at what they do! Both Victors are very nice and very patient with their customers.  You know that saying "customers come first" I think they live by that rule. I wouldnt feel comfortable taking my beemers any where else. I have 2 3series e46 and an x5. They always do a good job and thoroughly explain what they've done on your vehicle.  So glad I found this place! !!
5	I always try to wait a few weeks/months before writing a review on a business where follow up and quality of the work long term matters.  With that said BMW Only is the ONLY repair shop I would ever bring my 7 Series to in the future.  Victor and the crew are honest, fairly priced, hard working and just really the type of guys you want to help. I can not count the amount of money Victor saved me.....  Oh wait I actually can - BMW wanted $2200 for something that BMW Only did for under $700 and another item BMW wanted $400+ for and Victor did for less than $150 and so on and so on.......... I trust Victor 100% and in my life you earn my trust and it is hard to get, so he must have done a ton right to get that trust.... DO NOT GO ANYWHERE ELSE...... One thing I will mention is the shop/waiting area is NOT pretty BUT who gives a S#!t when the work is excellent, the techs are the best and the prices are so low it is like the work is free...... Look past the fact that there isn't cappuccino and pastries in the waiting area and just spend the money you save over the life of your cars repairs on a trip to Italy to eat pastries and sip cappuccino ..........
5	I can't say enough about BMW Only. It gives me peace of mind to work with Victor and his staff. As a woman you just feel so much better when you know the people who are working on your car are genuinely interested in taking care of you and making sure your care is fixed right. They are very responsive and helpful when it comes to short notice and needing their help. Ready to answer your questions. Very professional which to me is so important, not easy to find in Las Vegas. I would recommend them to anyone who cares about getting good service and making sure your car is taken care of the right way with their high level technicians and service. Victor helps me every time I get into an issue with my car. Always ready to solve it and at a reasonable cost sometimes without asking for anything. He did an excellent job working with my insurance company to repair work that was not done right from a previous mechanic shop in town. Also, one time I accidentally left my car key in the trunk. Victor went straight to work to try and resolve the issue spending lots of hours on his own time and in the end he was able to rescue me! My purse, my cell phone, and so much more was in the trunk for over a day. Could have been worse since if I had to order a new key it would have been lots more money and three or more days later. Thank you BMW Only for giving me peace of mind and knowing I can run to you whenever my car needs you!
5	These guys are great! They know what they are doing, they are efficient, and, most importantly, they are honest, which is imperative when you are dealing with a mechanic. We all know that having a BMW can be expensive, but not with the help of these guys. From oil changes to serious parts replacements, they are very affordable. I've had my car serviced here for the past 2 years and would never consider going to a dealership. Both Victors are cool, knowledgeable and friendly. They will show you what's wrong with the car, explain what needs to be done, and then quote you a very competitive rate for parts and labor. Go by there and see for yourself. It's not a fancy place but they got all the tools they need to get your BMW taken care of!
5	Victor and his crew are hands down the best to goto for ur BMW, i recently bought a 7series and these guys are not out to get u by no means..just expert advise and expertise... keep in mind if u have a BMW..u pay the cost to be a boss as compared to other cars but these are you u want working on ur BMW at very, VERY resonable prices..
5	This place is great! My dad and I both get our work done here for our BMWs because the service is good and fair. We won't go anywhere else because their work is hands down the best in town. Victor is very honest and straight forward with repairs that need to be done so I feel at ease knowing my car is in good hands. I recommend this place to anyone who owns a BMW.
5	Excellent service, pricing is very fair, quality of the workmanship is outstanding.  Very highly recommended.  I had a bunch of work done to my car at BMW Only ...... When I paid for the work, which was half what another shop wanted, they asked me to come back in 5 or 10 days so they could inspect the work to make sure everything was good.  All the other shops I have been to take your money and say "See Ya", great customer service and follow up at BMW Only, they treated MY car as if it was THEIR car.  They are truly mechanics you can trust.I also referred 2 friends to BMW Only and there were very happy with the quality and service also.
