5	When I renovated my kitchen not too long ago...I did my homework!!I replaced my fridge, range, sink, counters, fixtures, and exhaust hood.DID I EVER DO SOME HOMEWORK here!!!It came down to 2 places - Home Depot and Best Home Appliances.Best Home Appliances won the bid for some of the specialty items that Home Depot didnt stock -  like my exhaust hood. They also were the only ones in the city that could find the light bulbs for it-  next time I will FLY to Italy to get them!!! They were timely and well-priced . It was a great experience and if I can help anyone have a positive experience in renovating or replacing applicances - I would highly recommend them.
5	These guys rock my world! They've done two kitchens of mine, one upscale stainless, the other more downscale white. Major love. Knowledgeable, helpful, reasonable prices. They deliver, they install, they refer reliable repair services. They rock.
5	My partner and I had an amazing experience today. We were here purchasing all parts to build a large gated garden. ARTIE was phenomenal! He walked us through the whole project from every little detail - he even cut our boards to size. Thanks Artie for making our experience so pleasurable!
5	We found this place by chance, thank goodness. It is the best appliance store I've ever been in! Randy Rice has assisted us with several purchases. That guy knows EVERYTHING about the appliances they sell and never makes you feel like he's hard-selling. We've ended up with exactly what we hoped for each time we go in. The delivery and installation is always on time and trouble-free. No, they don't have the super cheap brands like big box stores, but they do have a moderate range of appliances (like GE) as well as luxury models (like Miele).  When you are looking for quality appliances and expert knowledge, definitely go here!
5	The selection and service of this store is amazing.  I made two trips into the store.  First to look at the appliances, second to verify and order.  The staff is very knowledgeable and I felt absolutely no pressure to buy.  Before my purchase the installers came out to verify the opening sizes to see if modifications had to be made.  Once I had selected all of my new appliances our installation was scheduled.  The installers did have to modify our existing openings but they did an excellent job.  Our granite had to be cut on the sides as well as the oven opening.  One installer cut, the other ran two vacuums to minimize the dust.  Excellent job!  I am very impressed with the entire experience with Best Home Appliances.
3	Knowledge and helpfulness were excellent. This place would have gotten 5 stars if they hadn't misplaced my order when it came in. A clogged disposal really can't wait too long.
1	This place was referred to me by my friend's neighbor. I was told the prices were good and the sales people were knowledgeable. What I wasn't told was this place operates like a used car lot. There is an "up" system and you are basically treated like a piece of meat. The sales person was very pushy and made me feel like I was obligated to make the purchase there because of the time that I spent with them. The prices were average when compared to the other locally owned independent stores. I was basically almost strong armed into putting down a deposit. It takes me a lot to write negative reviews but I am hoping this review will help prevent this experience from happening  to someone else.
4	I would recommend this store over any of the big box stores. Randy was super knowledgeable and didn't try to sell you anything that he didn't believe in. He was extremely honest and forthcoming on what was great and what sucked about each appliance. As a consumer, I appreciated that honesty. We bought a washer and dryer from them, and were so pleased with their customer service, that we went back and bought a fridge from them as well. The purchase process was easy, and we got a great price!They would get 5 stars if I didn't have an issue with the guy that they get to do their deliveries: Clarence Goodman. Simply put: He's kind of an ass. For our washer and dryer he showed up 30 minutes later than our 2 hour "window" and gave my husband real attitude when he found out the laundry room was on the second floor. I realize they are heavy, but isn't that something that you ask when you say you are going to "deliver and install" the system? He ended up charging us more for "steps" and install services, which I would've been fine with if it wasn't for the attitude! Then when I got word that he had my refrigerator to deliver (a day before the day Randy and I agreed upon at purchase), I missed his call and called him back asking him to push it back a day (I had already scheduled to take a day off to be there on the originally agreed upon day). He never answered. I left 2 messages and called 5 times and he never once picked up his phone to give me a simple "yes" or "no, that's not going to work". You know, for a job that is purely customer service, he was terrible at it! So now, I have to go to my house during the time block that he said in his message and sit there for a few hours wondering if he'll show up or not. In summary: Best Home Appliances are awesome...but if you do go there, make sure to see if they can use a different delivery guy than the Goodman Bros guy, because he's TERRIBLE!
