3	This is the newest location to open up on my side of town.  It's pretty big for a GNC, it is well organized, and everything is clearly labeled.  Whatever you're looking for as far as health supplements or vitamins, you'll find it in here.They've been running some good sales since they opened.  A lot of buy one get one half off deals.  The employees are all pretty knowledgeable and can point you towards whatever products you're looking for.  And if you come here often, been sure and get the GNC Gold Card so you can cash in on the 20-35% discount on your purchases.
2	I went to this location today cause I had to return a product for my husband; he was looking for a specific brand that they didn't carry.  Anyways, the general manager (according to his tag) was absolutely rude during the return process (his name was Andy according to my receipts).  He was polite the day before when I bought the product, but today was a different story; I'm assuming he was about the return.  I would have liked to give this store a 1star, but my very first visit here was pleasant.  The guy working was polite & patient & answered my questions as best as he could; he was pretty well knowledgeable, unfortunately I cant remember his name
1	BEWARE on returning products!!!! A few months ago,  I purchased an item at the fashion show mall. I didn't like the product. I returned it at this gnc (ft apache/flamingo) because it is just down the street from my house. The manager or owner was so RUDE!!!! He got mad because I bought the item at FS mall. He told me I should go to FS mall to return it. He also was mad because I "waited to the last day to return it". He kept saying, "bet you will return this and never come back". I got there right when it opened. He told me that he has to take money out of his own pocket because he hasn't made a sell.... well, guess what, that IS NOT MY PROBLEM!!!!! He then took his wallet out & threw the money on the counter & walked away!!!!! BUYER BEWARE!!!! hopefully you will NEVER have to return anything you buy here!!!!!
1	Absolutely HORRIBLE!I bought a groupon and didn't realize this was so far from my house.  It was a pretty good drive out there, but more than willing to do it, hey half off protein powder!  =)When I got there a kid was working and he was nice enough but he said that they couldn't accept my groupon because their system was messed up.  After driving across the city, I was a little irked to say the least.  I asked to speak with someone above him and he called the owner and let me speak to him on the phone.I explained the issue to the owner and that I had driven across town to utilize this, and it wasn't my fault that the system wasn't working.  I offered to leave my printed out groupon with them when they could reconcile it.  He first lectured me that I should have bought a different location.  Then said to call groupon for a refund....  Excuse me?!?!  I just drove all the way out here and that's the solution you are offering?  He was completely rude to me, said he didn't care that I had to drive out there and that the only course of action I had was to get a refund from groupon.  Really?  Talk about excellent customer service.  This not only turned me off to that location, but GNC in general.
2	Most of the time you won't find the best prices at any given GNC, however every once in awhile a sale will roll around that you can't ignore. Whether it be Groupon aided or even a store sale, chances are your wallet will win.It's sad to say, but this is pretty much the only use I have of GNC. Their staff is typically friendly, have knowledge on select products, and never trying to be pushy sales-wise. Personally, I'd rather take my chances with some of the locally owned supplement shops.
