3	I had been wanting to try out Two Thin Laddies for a while. I used to pass this cafe bistro every day, and I would glance at their appealing looking cafe (bright attractive yellow on the outside, warm timbered interior) along with its entertaining menu.Eventually I persuaded myself to stop and go inside. Unfortunately I was a little let down. In a nutshell the coffee and cake were neither very nice, and I wasn't very happy with the price I paid for them.Having said that, the atmosphere of the place lived up to my expectations. All wood furniture and natural materials give this place an arboreous atmosphere. The natural browns couple with the decorative fairy lights give the place a cosy atmosphere. Furthermore I was happy with the friendly smiley staff.Of course everywhere has its bad days and reviewers and critics often don't keep this mind. Perhaps I should give this place another try.
4	It took me a while to find this place, but I am pleased that I finally have as it is definitely worth a visit.  Situated in the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, Two Thin Laddies is just a short walk from the city centre and so it is convenient place to reach.The Two Thin Laddies is a sophisticated bistro which serves breakfasts, as well as lunch and dinner. Their menu is fairly traditional serving meals such as baked potatoes, sandwiches and fish and chips.I came here for afternoon tea and they offer a very tempting and mouth watering selection of home made cakes and short breads. I had their fruit scone which was really delicious - it had lots of fruit pieces in it and it was very moist - yum!The staff are really friendly and welcoming, although the service can be quite slow when it gets busy. The Two Thin Laddies also have a children's menu available and there is a good selection of vegetarian meals on the menu. The meals are really well priced and the portion sizes are huge so you definitely get the most for your money.
3	Located on Tollcross, Two Thin Laddies is a bit of a disappointment. Maybe my experience of it was like when you go see a film that's been ranted and raved about so much that you're expecting cordon bleu and you get a glorified greasy spoon, or in cinema terms, you're expecting Scorsese and you get Love, Actually. That's not to mean it's not satisfying, but I came out with a very disappointing taste in my mouth.I went out of my way to go there for breakfast because I had to wait a couple of hours before being attended at the GUM clinic. My main disappointment was that if you go somewhere for breakfast and order a poached egg, you kind of expect it to actually be poached and not just cracked and boiled and overdone in water. But my egg was definitely the latter. On a redeeming note, the person I went there with said the sausages were actually quite good, and I'm guessing, not overdone. This isn't to say that Two Thin Laddies is terrible. It does decent food, but when somewhere's been talked up so much, it'll almost inevitably be a disappoint. I may as well have paid less and gone to Snax that morning.
4	I really have to stop and think why I give this cafe four stars and not five...and it's damned hard to put my finger on it!The cafe reeks of "local" - the serving area is small but open and reveals fresh preparation; the cafe area is larger and has an almost ethnic hippy vibe.  The food has caught the same feel, with an always-tasty combination of Scottish favourites and Spanish imports, but also the possibility of a perfectly respectable salad.The portions are always quite large and good value, the atmosphere somewhere between student, art crowd, grassroots and ...business lunch?  It's indefinable until.... until I realise that it's got what so many other places lack:  true character.  Not painted onto the walls, not franchised culture, but true, locals-eat-and-meet here comfortableness.And a cafe that knows what is, is proud of what it is, and that does it so well, should get five stars, shouldn't it?
4	Two Thin Laddies keeps it simple. Not sure what the range is for lunch as I visited at breakfast, so assuming the plates of cheese out in the cabinet are not the only items on offer. Not even a veggie sausage on their breakfast menu. They keep it real. But, what I did like about TTL is the bagel I had for breakfast this morning. Oddly, they allow you to pick your own roll of choice. That did confuse me a little. The bagel I chose was seeded, and felt nothing like a bagel. It was light and turned out to be much lighter a bite than the bagels you find at your local supermarket, or other cafes for that matter. It's expanded my bagel mind, man. I've had boiled bagels from Brick Lane, and New York style bagels, but these bready versions were entirely new to me, and I liked it. Still fills you up, but with a less stodgy consistency. A bit like an armadillo when toasted (geddit? Crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside!)I liked the portion control here as well - cream cheese not oozing out in gargantuan proportions, with a reasonable amount of salmon. So many times, you get a ration of 75% cheese to 25% salmon - too much for my liking, so TTL gets a tick from me here. Closing out with a brownie (still to try), I left feeling satisfied. Next time I have a hospital trip, I'll be factoring in a wee breakfast visit to TTL again.
4	I can't work out if the name is ironic, or just a cute play on 'two fat ladies' (of which there is a restaurant in Glasgow coincidentally). Ironic due to the fact that if I were a regular here I certainly wouldn't be a thin lassie.Not that the food is unhealthy per se. It all just looks too delicious, and I have heard that they do have some amazing comfort food type dishes such as the mac & cheese.Situated at the actual cross part of Tollcross, it's tucked up a wee bit from the main streets but you can't miss the bright yellow shop front sitting on the corner. With a few chairs outside, and more room than you'd first think inside it'd be great for a summer's afternoon or a cold winter's morning.The cheese scones are legendary. They even proudly proclaim it on a wee note. But when Caitlin N invited me for coffee here, she also happened to mention the cheese scone. The muffin flavours sounded very tempting too - cranberry and seeds I think? A small but impressive deli counter looks like it could whip up any sandwich filling you could so wish, and with some home-made dishes like the aforementioned mac and cheese there's something here to please everyone, from teas and coffees,cakes and pastries, to sandwiches and full on lunch-time meals.I only got to try a tea but plan to come back soon to try one of their sandwiches, and maybe a muffin (Greg D sounds very impressed by it and I trust his judgement of sweet stuffs!) The staff behind the counter were also really friendly when I went in, always a plus.Next time I'm in I'll need to ask what inspired the name too...but whether they're thin or not, they're definitely two happy laddies.
3	This place used to be right near my first place in Edinburgh. So naturally, I used to hang out here loads. Only until I moved away I stopped frequenting the place, plus, I noticed the service was starting to go downhill. I went back for old times sake last week and noticed that the service was very poor. I felt like I was waiting forever for a cup of tea, and our breakfasts took ages. We only ordered yogurt w/fruit and a toasted bagel. Normally, that shouldn't take a really long time, we must have waited a 20 minutes for our tea alone. Plus, it was extremely drafty. The front door was WIDE open and everyone in the cafe had their coats left on. You would think that the staff would keep the heat in for their customers? Besides that, the food is quite good! There's all day breakfast on weekends, and there's always newspapers to pick up and read. :)
4	The excellent roasted vegetable soup was the highlight of our visit to Two Thin Laddies. It really was profoundly satisfying. The place is quirky, too, so I can see myself popping back, from time to time.Overall, we said: "Two Thin Laddies served us pretty nicely. The soup was really good, while the main courses were decent. I'd happily come back, though I may favour it as a soup stop, solely. For generously portioned, healthy fare, it seemed like a reliable place, to me."
3	I seem to have had mixed experiences at Two Thin Laddies.  My past experiences were pretty good, although the service was a bit sloppy I found.  I particularly enjoyed their shared tapa-style platters.I went again yesterday for coffee and I have to say that I didn't have the best customer experience.  My coffee was one of the worst coffees I've had in a long time and the waitress was really annoying.  She wouldn't let my friend get up to go and see the selection of cakes and pastries and ended up coming back with the wrong item!Hit or miss it seems.  Sort it out Two Thin Laddies, you have a fab location!
3	Not bad but nothing special. Very friendly staff.Had bacon and eggs.
4	Only food I have eaten here has been the "all day breakfast" at the weekend but that has been excellent! The only negative is the toast, it's a little but underdone for my taste but it does come buttered so you are not faffing about with butter/spread portions lol.The service can be a bit slow at times but all the food is freshly prepared to order so it's not too big an issue...however, the staff are polite and friendly and do bother to come back and ask if everything is okay after you have started (without leaving it too late).
1	Unfortunately I have not had good experiences at Two Thin Laddies. I have been here several times for both food and coffee. Just the other day I stopped in for a mocha for takeaway and it was the worst coffee I've had in a long time. The service wasn't good (I was standing at the counter without any acknowledgement from the staff and then he didn't know how to make the mocha once I'd ordered). The food is basic and has no presentation to it at all. Even though it is handily open early in the morning I'll be skipping it from now on. Its a shame because I had heard good things about it in the past.
1	I recently went back to Two Thin Laddies and discovered they had changed owners.  Unfortunately not for the best.  The coffee, which was already bad, is even worse than before; the food is bland, of poor quality, and the service slow and rude.  I don't understand how they can expect to run a successful business with such low standards.  In any case, I sure won't go back.  There are plenty better cafes in the area!
5	Great choice for me. I had the nachos with roasted vegetables and I am so excited to go again! There was sour cream, guacamole and salsa served on the nachos which were so perfectly cheesy. Would go back. Customer service was great! Also it is a cute place very small and cosy!
1	This place keeps changing owners, so I thought I'd give it another shot.  Saying that it's even worse than before is a bit of an understatement.  Service was non existent, they didn't have most of the things on the menu, latte was more like a warm milk. There are far better coffee shops in Tollcross.  Won't be going back.
