4	This place is pretty cool and definitely laid back. I am a total amateur and I have really enjoyed every time I have been here. Parking is easy, the course and shop are laid out well and I have played the course and gone just to hit balls at the driving range. It's cheap and a lot of fun.
3	Seeing as I am not exactly an avid golfer (yet), I have to admit that I enlisted the help of the day's golfing partner (my dad) in writing this review. This was necessary due to the fact that I haven't picked up a club since 1993, and good ol' dad hits the greens just about every weekend, so this guy knows what he's talking about. I also want to clarify that this review is only on the driving range portion of the golf course. Maybe in a couple months I will be a good enough golfer to write a review about the actual course portion. In the mean time...We went to the driving range at about 4pm on a Saturday. There were quite a bit of people there, but we didn't have to wait for a spot on the range, although we did have to wait for one of the range workers to bring us a token for our second bucket of balls, which he did before we finished our first bucket, so all was good. My dad said that this was the busiest he had seen it. As far as the actual driving range itself, I think it was in okay condition. They have the colored flags that let you know how far your ball went (or in some cases, didn't go), which were pretty easy to see, but the grass was only in fair condition. The balls were also a little worn out, and yellow, which I thought was a bit odd. I'd like to blame this for many of my poor shots. I'd like to, but I won't. Overall, on the scientific scale I devised, Dad says this was just about in the middle on a scale of Fiddlesticks to TPC Scottsdale. The grass and equipment could have been maintained better, but for the price for a couple buckets of balls ($6 for two buckets, I think), it's a pretty fair deal.  On the plus side, they also offer putting practice greens as well as an area for practicing chip shots out of the bunker. Not that I will ever be hitting any balls into bunkers. Right. A big thanks to my dad, Norm for his expertise, and to my sister, for leaving her golf clubs here when she moved back to Florida, thus allowing me to explore my newfound hobby.
1	This course has gone down hill drastically.  They are under new management but the course is not maintained at all, or at least very little.  If your looking to get out and just practice then it is fine.  The fairways are turning to dirt and the greens are really bad.  I play there because it is close but as in another review, you get what you pay for.  The prices for the course are too high.  I don't know what happened from last year but I am looking to golf somewhere else.
2	Don't get me wrong, wasn't expecting much, and I had a great time w/friends as I always do when golfing. So, cafe is closed and you can buy beer, soda, water, chips, etc. when you check in, no coolers allowed but they were everywhere - obviously the place is suffering so much they just don't want to turn anyone away. The course itself is in bad disrepair - greens were like mini golf - hard, bumpy and some had huge holes. The rest of the course was hard as a rock too, and lots of dirt patches. What I did like was it was wide open and cheap - so a great practice spot for the short game. For $19 you play & get hand cart - a little pricey considering the lack of ammenitites, and condition of the course, but golfing on a neglected course still outweighs not golfing at all.
4	great price and the course was well maintained.  the pace was good and didn't take the whole day to finish the course.  would go back.
3	Inexpensive executive course even in peak season.  The greens can sometimes look diseased but all in all an ok place to golf.  Staff maybe short on a friendly smile but the green fees can usually cheer you up.  You know the course can play fast when you got guys at the 19th drinking their 3rd PBR at 9am. Or they're having breakfast.
1	I cannot even believe how rude the man at the counter was today.  I had purchased a range card a number of years ago for this course for ten buckets at a discounted price, which never expired.  Four buckets had been redeemed on the card; I had some spare time so I headed up there to get in some practice.I went to the counter and said 'one large bucket please' and put my range card on the counter.  The man said that card is of no use to them.  I asked why, as there were still six buckets left to redeem.  He said they haven't taken those cards in over two years and that if I wanted a bucket it would be ten bucks.Now, I'm not looking for free stuff here-I paid for ten buckets and played four.  I said to the man 'so you're saying I'm screwed out of the rest of the money on the card?' and he told me 'yeah'.  Well, thanks so much for that!
2	So this is a really cheap golf course.. It is fine for beginners. It is not in the best shape. It is what it is.They have a range as well... They have carts for the course.It is short.. Doubtful I would go back. But for people starting out, it should work for them.
1	I have golfed at this course for several years and it has always had issues with some of the greens along with other issues as well.  The sand traps are awful but the worse part is the staff.  This weekend finally pushed me away for good.  I went to hit balls on the range with my wife and they were having issues with their credit card machine.  This is the statement that came directly from the old so called golf pro at the counter.  I asked if he could try again so he did but then about five other people walked into the shop and he totally changed his attitude.  When he saw everyone waiting he then stated, "your credit card has been denied.  You need to call your bank and see if there is an issue with target from the issue they have going on."  I asked him what the heck he was talking about  and told him I had just used my cards before arriving at the course.  He insisted, really loud so I asked him what an issue from several months ago had to do with my cards today.  He kept saying it over and over and was incredibly rude so I left.  My co-workers and I have golfed there for many years on Friday after work but this will no longer be the case.  This guy was as rude as it gets without using vulgar language.  Cheap course, cheap service, never again.
4	cheap and fun golf! golf course is kind of run down, but you cant beat the price!
3	Pretty short course. Some of the par threes are really short. Fairways pretty beat up when we played. Greens were decent. Took my kids here to play nine holes on a Saturday afternoon. Good place for beginners.
2	You get what you pay for here.  Executive course with a few par 4s.  Really just a good place to practice the irons.  Course is usually in mid to poor shape.  Only practice at this place because it's a block from the house.
4	I played here this morning and thought the value was great. I paid only $23 for a 7:30 tee time.  The grass is well maintained. The gentlemen in the pro shop was very friendly and helpful. This isn't the nicest course but it a good executive course and was enjoyable to play for a beginner like me.
2	Course isn't in good shape at all.  But if you are looking for a cheap place to practice your irons this isn't bad.  Just don't expect the club house staff to be very nice since it seems like most of them have their panties in a mess.
