5	Affordable Party & Event Rentals was possibly our favorite company to work with during the wedding planning process. They truly are affordable as their name implies! Of the 5 or so companies we looked at, this one was cheaper on nearly every item.They were amazing to work with, despite my nearly daily phone calls changing quantities on various parts of my order. They were even willing to rent a wedding arch that we really liked from one of their competitors so that we wouldn't have to do that separately on our own.On the day of our wedding, they showed up a few minutes early for delivery, were very efficient in setting up piping and draping and unloading the rest of our rentals (we chose not to pay for them to setup everything since we had many volunteers). All of the stuff was in great condition and our wedding was more beautiful than we ever dreamed. At the end of the day, they returned for an after-hours pickup (even with after-hours, their delivery charges were approximately half as much as other companies), arriving exactly at 7:30 as planned to load everything up.All in all, it was a great experience working with Affordable and we would definitely rent with them again. The personal service was really nice and we really have no complaints about them. They went out of their way to help make our wedding a day we will never forget.
5	Prompt and efficient service. I left a message the night before and they returned my call first thing in the morning. Professional and friendly I was a referral from a friend, and I will refer others.
5	KUDOS to this professional and consumer considerate company.  It warmed my heart to work with such knowledgeable, willing and able people.   Thank you.
5	This was nothing but a positive experience from the get go! Our tables, chairs & linens were ready to go when we got there on Saturday. When we were all thru my husband called up and the owner literally went out of his way to make it more convenient for us to bring our items back. Now my husband does have a truck so we were able to cut cost by having him go and get the items.  Everyone pretty much charges $50 each way for delivery & pick up.Thank you, thank you, thank you. AND this IS the most AFFORDABLE party rental business. Everyone else was at least $40 more. .
5	I ABSOLUTELY recommend them. I have worked with this company for years for my event, Relay for Life at ASU. They have been the best vendor I have worked with in all my years of event planning. Bob and his brother are literally the nicest guys to work with, have never ONCE price gouged me and I constantly recommend them.
5	This review is based on my experience over the phone. I spoke with Michael and he was so helpful and nice! It is customer service like this that will continue to drive more customers to your business. Keep up the good work and I will certainly keep you in mind for my local needs!!!
5	Excellent service. I love that they will setup and take down the tables and chairs; it does cost extra but it's worth it. They were on time to deliver and pick up. There is a wide range of selections (even down to the color of the tablecloth!) Thanks for your help in making my wedding celebration amazing!
5	I had a pretty simple order of 1 8' table and 20 chairs, but my experience was very good.  Pick up and drop off couldn't have been easier and all staff was very friendly.  The whole experience felt like doing business with a friend.  I will definitely use them again.
5	Nicest and most generous around! I was so pleased with the customer service and highly recommend them!
