4	Had lunch today here.. oh yeah, big ol' ham and cheese sandwich... It was way better then subways, and Quinoz.. at least the ones near my house anyways.  The shop was nice and clean, a little busy because it was lunchtime, but the workers were on their game and made those sandwiches pretty fast to get me back to work on time.They had a special that is crazy.. 2 feet of sandwich, any cold ones for $9.99. So I split the cost and got a whole foot long for like $5. It's not the wimpy ones at other $5 foot long deals.. It was huge, had all the fixings, and I could only eat half of it.. So oh yeah, you know what I'm having for supper... MMMM... Can't Wait! good food, meat and cheese were nice and fresh, they didn't skimp on the toppings... good deal, I'll be back..
5	I love this place and maybe I am over hyping it but the mayo/mustard mixture they make is like crack to me.  I need it, I want it, I love it on my number nine!  I get the small peppered pastrami on wheat with no cheese with lettuce, tomato, onion, jalapenos and yes....my crack.  The sandwich was my go-to sandwich when I was losing weight because it only adds up to 360 calories and it filled me up for 3-4hours.  I have stuck to it ever since, so if you like fresh ingredients, tasty tasty ingredients then make your next stop any of the port a sub locations.  I love them all!
5	I am addicted to these subs! Great ingredients, tasty fresh bread and the mayo/ mustard mix is the bomb! Meats and cheeses are sliced in front of you, just like at a deli. I have also ordered one of their party subs and it was just as good as when you eat in. Can't go wrong with this place. Anyway, if your looking for a good sandwich this place is quick and will hit the spot every time!
5	They say there is nothing new under the sun.  Considering we have lots and lots of sun here in Phoenix, and even more sub shops than days of sunshine, what's one more sub restaurant?Well, I have to say that Port of Subs does it best.  They don't waste their time with cute and gimmicky bread flavors.  They only have white, wheat, and sourdough.  And this is real bread, with some texture and flavor, not some lifeless excuse for generic Wonder Bread.  And you can get a 2 foot sub here, which I can have split up for the whole family.  Their staff is so friendly here, that they will cut it into as many slices as you want, which is great for my kids.  The manager at this location is particularly good.  He goes the extra mile to make sure you get your food how you want it, and he makes you feel welcome from the beginning to the end of your experience.So you ask, "big deal, they have a 2 foot sub here - what really makes them different?"  All meats and cheeses are sliced to order so you know where it comes from and it's not sitting there drying, oxidizing, and degrading all day while sitting out.  This is a huge difference from other places.  The other huge difference is that their bags of chips are bigger, and their standard drink sizes are bigger than any other sandwich place, not to mention the variety of drinks and chips are superior.
3	So today was my first day visiting a Port of Subs; not just this particular location. I must say, the chain impresses me but this location was just "meh."Assuming the food is the same at every location is the same, I'll be returning to others. I mean come on, they have sourdough and smoked cheddar. That can NOT be a bad thing. My sandwich was quite tasty as well. I imagine the fresh cut meat helped... or at least gave the illusion of helping!As to this one... well, I asked for "the works" on my sub... twice, getting a confused look both times, before I waved my hand in front of the case indicating everything. After this point I was informed that the sandwich maker had "never heard that before." Alright that's not so bad in itself. But my co-worker ordered a chicken salad... and the chicken was immediately stuck in the microwave; then a couple minutes later, he was asked if he wanted it hot or cold. When he said that he would have preferred cold, they pulled another bucket of chicken out only to realize that they store their chicken frozen. So they had to heat the chicken in the microwave even more to make sure it was thawed.Like I said though, impressive food, not the most impressive location!
4	Never been to Port of Subs, have to say, it's a good little sandwich, I ordered a grilled chicken on sourdough bread. Let me tell you the bread was great! If you have great bread how can the sandwich be bad? We have many choices of places to go to for a fast sub sandwich and I am happy to add Port of Subs to my list.
2	Same sandwich, different wrapper.  Subway, Quiznos, Port of Subs, whatever, they are all the same
2	I liked this location a couple of years ago but not anymore. Ordered the turkey and roast beef on wheat. It was dry and the beef tasted like bread. The banana peppers tasted like nothing as well. I don't think I'll be going here anymore....
4	I Love this place.  So much better than that horrible subway.  I love the sourdough bun and any meat you like.  You might want to double up on the meat though.
4	Staff here is very friendly and the place is clean.  The staff is relaxed and fun. Iv only ordered a few things from here...so I can't say their food is amazing.  The 2 or 3 subs I order are great. Close to work. Clean. Fun friendly staff. Tasty food. Easy 4 star review.
2	Nope won't be returning.  Pulled up no one in the place.  Not a customer.  Not an employee.  Was it robbed?  Was everyone locked up?  Nope but they might have been partying in the back because they were creepy pleasant when they came out front to wait on me.  Ordered tuna but it could have been chicken cause it sure didn't have any flavor.  Very bland.  Looking forward to sour dough but the bread wasn't good either.  Manager you need to mystery dine.
5	I've been a fan of Port of Subs since I moved out here to Phoenix back in 2005.  I love everything about them, and last night was no exception. It was Friday night and I was hungry!!!But, of all the port of subs, this ones open nice and late.  9PM during the week!!!  In other port of subs reviews, I have openly complained about the horrible hours that the hold, such as closing early (like 6PM on week nights) and some are closed on sundays....others close at 4PM on Saturdays.  Really? lunch only? you can't do like 7PM?  So this one's my favorite just due to the hours alone.I came here with my friend after hitting up a few other places. It's located right next to Lowe's in a little strip mall.  I went with the turkey and pastrami 5 inch sub as I always did, and really enjoyed it.  Staff was friendly, and food was prepared quickly.I will be back, and enjoy myself every time I'm here!
5	Never had a bad meal here. For a chain store this is by fare the best. Fresh, fast and friendly
5	Always a top choice for lunch.  Fresh cut meats and cheese, great toppings, fresh soft bread.
5	I've been to this location a few times and really like it. It's always clean. If there is a line, it moves quickly. The staff is pleasant and helpful. The meats are sliced fresh when you order. They also have panini sandwiches and breakfast sandwiches that are available all day.I was ordering my sandwich on sour dough, but there was always too much bread. Today I ordered it on white and it was perfect. The roll thickness was much smaller.My only criticism is they don't have a lite or low calorie condiment other than mustard. Definitely becoming a favorite stop for lunch!
1	I don't know if it's just this location but this is the second time I have been here and the bread is stale. We sat down to eat and I found a hair in my sandwich. I said something to the kid behind then counter and he offered to remake it. I just wanted my money back since I hadn't even taken a bite but he said their policy was no refunds. Gross.
1	Horrible service. Walked in and never got greeting or even a smile from the employees. There was 3 people ahead of me and I waited patiently to be helped. As cece asked "what do you want" I told her and it took her 5 minutes to cut the 3 pieces of meat and cheese. She was so slow the other worker had people waiting to pay while she helped cut meat much more efficiently. I left without a sub because it took another 10 minutes for them to ask what I wanted on the sub.
5	Love port of subs! The employee sat this location are always nice, friendly, and seem to enjoy their job! It's always clean, the veggies always look fresh, and the eating area is always nice and tidy! Wish all chain sandwich places were as good as port o subs! If you've never been you'll love that they slice their meat and cheese fresh and have smoked cheddar (my fave ) and the bread is baked fresh daily!
