5	I've been here a few times and always have had a great time.  Both the food and service are fantastic.  Staff is very friendly and accommodating, and I try to go every time I make it to Montreal.
5	Bis is an outstanding find in Montreal.Small ( maybe 15 tables), intimate, and food of the highest quality.One of the co-owners,Marcello, makes sure your evening is an enjoyable one.
5	My wife and I are vacationing in Montreal.  She's from  San Francisco and knows good veal which is hard to find in Los Angeles, and I love to cook. While cabbing in to town Sunday evening from our airport arrival, we passed by Bis on the way to our Hotel at the Ritz Carlton.  We both love Italian and figured this might be a nice alternative to the French bistro leaning environs. The crowd at this indoor-outdoor restaurant was all the convincing we needed.  Sunday we dined at a seafood Bistro which was lovely, Monday at Bis.  In a word, spectacular. My wife craves good veal and loves truffles, so she opted for the veal in truffle cream sauce..  To quote her, it was "orgasmic, and the best dinner shed'd had in years". She raved all night, including to the owner Aldo, who graced our outside table with several visits to chat. My pasta di mare was loaded with clams, mussels, shrimp and a whole split Maine Lobster served over al dente angel hair  pasta in a light red sauce,, equally spectacular. Desert of profiteroles, and ice cream served avogato (expresso slowly drizzled over a scoop) was all perecto!  Dinner was so good we have canceled a fancy restaurant reservation and will return later in the week so ny Mrs.  can have her veal again not withstanding so many other wonderful sounding items on the menu. Stay tuned for the the update, although we fear not.  Upon our return to our hotel, the Concierge asked how it was and advised many other recent diners had also raved.
5	Absolutely wonderful!! Fantastic attentive staff! Beautiful decor, impeccably clean, and romantic. Six warn delicious bread choices in the basket brought to the table. The olive bread was amazing!! Caprese salad with the most incredible buffalo mozzarella started us off. Followed by our main course Salmon with chick pea paste and Grouper with wine and capers. Both expertly prepared and off the chart delicious!! The pasta Bolognese was also a big hit!! Tartufo and Afogato, our dessert choices, were the perfect end to a beautifully presented, absolutely delicious Sunday evening meal! This is our first, but certainly not last time to Montreal, and we will most definitely return to BIS!!!
5	Bis is a hidden Italian gem in Montreal!  My husband and I stumbled upon Bis by chance while touring the city and we were in awe!  The food is delectable and the service is above par.  We look forward to dining here again on our next visit.
2	where to begi: the waiter who said they did not have the wine i ordered, brought another i should have because" it is 29.00 cheaper" and then went back and found the original wine when i said no thanks? the fact he said he would bring bread,oil and water and did none of these (i got another waiter to do so)? the fact that we sat for 30 minutes after eating trying to get a desert menu, and 15 minutes after getting the dessert menu with no one taking our order? we then asked for a check and left.  the food was good (some very good) the service was absurd and the over all experience is not one to repeat in a city with so many great restaurants.
4	What I had:Veal meatballsLamb RaguCalamari Summary:Food - excellentService-excellent Decor-good would be great if they did not have silly wood panels with lights on the walls.Overall-highly recommendedCame for dinner the hostess was very friendly and nice. Before taking the order they brought a spoon with two little veal meatballs on it, they were really good, moist, flavorful and the tomato sauce they came in was great as well.We ordered calamari as our appetizer and it was fresh and the batter was light but a little bland. This was the low point of the meal.I ordered lamb ragu as my main course and it was superb, really flavorful and perfectly cooked. The staff was super attentive and could not have been better and friendlier.Patronage was mostly families with the odd older couples thrown in.Overall I highly recommend this place.
