5	WOW!!!I drove past this shop on my way to Inverness, and I had to park to go and have a closer look. It was so f***ing cool!!It is a charity shop for save the children, but completely unlike all the others I've been in before. I felt like I was in the gift shop of an art gallery, everything is kitsch and retro, and the colours are amazing. The whole shop is decorated brilliantly and it looks like something out of the movies.Upon further investigation, I found out that the shop is owned by TV retail advisor and Save the Children Ambassador, Mary Portas, and it is infact a designer charity shop. I didn't know you could get them!I plan to spend an awful lot more time in here.
5	In agreement with Emily, I did a swift double take when I saw this place!Towering above its neighbours in a gorgeous old building, Mary's Living and Giving looks more like a pretty boutique than it does a charity shop. Essentially, it is - boasting secondhand designer clothing and accessories, it's got some chic and often retro offerings. So you can get a snazzy outfit for a dinner party at an absolute steal of a price!With its creaky, varnished floorboards and warm lighting, it feels as though you're in Monsoon rather than in a charity establishment. The pictures toward the back of the shop remind you of who you are helping, however, making finding a bargain in Mary's an ethical choice! Gok Wan would be all about it!
5	Now, after my recent success at charity shops, I decided to pay a visit to the famous Mary's living & giving shop in Stockbridge! The shop, which raises money for Save the Children, certainly stands out from the crowd amongst charity shops (in a very good way!)! And it doesn't just standout due to its links with Mary Portas, but also because of its range of items that it stocks! From second hand designer clothes to art deco objects, this shop stocks items which wouldn't look out of place in any shop in George Street! Some of the items have been donated by various famous people. So I would imagine that it would be quite nice to own something which used to belong to a certain famous person! The shop inside is sharp, has a retro feel and also is set up like a classy boutique! The staff are also very friendly. A brilliant, quirky approach to a charity shop, that only adds to the already brilliant amount of great charity shops in Stockbridge! This is defiantly the place to come for those birthday and Christmas presents!
5	I only found out about Mary's Living and Giving through reading the top reviews by my fellow yelpers. I have to be honest, I'm not a big charity shop girl. I love furniture charity shops but when it comes to clothing, I'm not very lucky and never seem to come across anything that blows me away.Mary's Living and Giving is in a league of it's own when it comes to second hand clothing and they have items that wouldn't look out of place floating down a catwalk. Every item on sale is hand picked for it's style and quality ensuring that each piece of clothing on offer is in near mint condition and only at a fraction of the original price.Some of the dresses that I was checking out were gorgeous and they had great accessories to browse too.If you're looking for a gorgeous new outfit that's a little bit different to what's on offer on the high street check out this awesome charity shop.
