3	Back in the day there weren't too many options for ice cream.  Now that seems to be changing, but instead of pre-packed options they are all of the 'roll your own' variety.  It's like everyone and their brother is getting into the business.  This is our favorite, however.Most of the others seem to just slap the components down on the slab, then roll them together and give you the results.  At the Cold Stone, it's different.  Part of it seems to be that the ingredients start off smaller.  If you get chocolate chips, they are the mini variety, not these huge chunks.  So they distribute themselves better.In the end, you get a much better distribution throughout your treat than if they just glob everything into one mound, and it's a much more pleasant experience.  One word of warning: Even the small is pretty large.  Though you can move from the small to the medium for a few cents more, you might want to stick with the small.  Another neat thing about this place is that they'll actually pack up your concoction into pre-packed pints for you to enjoy at home.  This is how ice cream should have been all along.
3	The first time I stepped into a Cold Stone Creamery was 6 years ago, in Chandler, AZ.  (Cold Stone originated in Tempe, AZ.)  If you've never experienced CSC ice cream before, your best bet is to try one of their Cold Stone "Signature Creations."  My personal fave is the German-chokolatekake, made with chocolate ice cream, coconut, pecans, brownies, and caramel.  However, since I have to be different, I ONLY order mine with Ghirardelli dark chocolate ice cream!  Unfortunately for me, CSC is slowly weaning itself off of Ghirardelli.  The manager at this location actually asked me what was the difference between Ghirardelli's version and CSC's own version... I wanted to say "Where shall I start?," but I decided to play nice.  I did ask for a sample of their version, as well as the peanut butter flavor, and I just couldn't taste the love...  Oh,well.  At least my waistline was safe.  For the time being.Coincidentally, my brother-in-law presented my sister with a new Signature Cake for her birthday party last night- the Strawberry Cheesecake Paradise, made with yellow cake, strawberry and cheesecake ice creams, graham crackers, caramel, and strawberries, all enrobed with frosting and topped with strawberries and chocolate-white chocolate curls.  OMG.  Food allergies be darned.  I had two helpings.If you're a fan, be sure to sign up online for free ice cream on your birthday every year.  Yes, you read correctly.  A "like it" cup of ice cream with one mix-in.  Complimentary.  On your birthday.  Every year.  You're welcome.
4	I love ice cream (and frozen custard).  Coldstone has some good ice cream.  They have great creamy ice cream and their mix ins are awesome.  I usually get somehting of my own creation - cake batter, with caramel and chocolate chips.  Yummmy!  Coldstone can be a bit pricey but you can usually find some coupons in the weekend edition of the newspaper.
3	I like the creativity and customizable creations at Cold Stone.  This location is near my office and I can see it jammed pack with people during the summer.  I do admit, I don't really have a sweet tooth but the craving for ice cream hits me every now and then.It's good to have a place like this so close and convenient... especially near good lunch spots like House of Leng and Firehouse Subs.
4	Not a huge ice cream fan but we've gotten cones from this location a few times. I also got my daughter's birthday cake here this year.Great service and yummy ice cream. The price is a little high for cones but surprisingly, the ice cream cake was less expensive here than at Baskin Robbins and Dairy Queen.
2	We decided to stop into Cold Stone for my son's birthday. Although the ice cream itself was good, the rest of the experience was really subpar, IMO.   For each boy, I ordered a child's size with one mix-in each. The adults ordered a medium, also with one mix-in. The other 4 orders were made correctly.For mine, I asked for sweet cream ice cream with fresh strawberries. This is the same thing I have ordered for years, across the country. I asked specifically if they were fresh strawberries, not in any liquid or syrup. I was assured that they were as described. Immediately, she took out a bin of very obviously thawed frozen strawberries, dripping in juice and plopped them in my ice cream. I told her that I thought she was using fresh ones, and she said they were. Now, I am not an unreasonable customer, who is terribly nitpicky. I'm really not. There is a huge difference there, though. Don't lie to my face, just tell me up front that you don't have them, and let me pick something else!  As the rest of my family were already eating and it was getting late, I just had her scrape off what she could of the strawberry mush and juice, and throw in something else.  I do have to say that I think it is kind of inexcusable to rely on frozen strawberries at the HEIGHT of fresh strawberry ripeness, particularly for the prices that they charge here.After I was done, I started looking at the receipt.  Apparently, even though I had ordered a child's size for the boys, they had charged me for a small.  I don't know which size we actually received, since nobody else ordered a small to compare it to.  It doesn't really matter, though, since it's not what I asked for (and she did confirm what I ordered, so I know that she heard me).  The small is only like 30 cents cheaper than the medium!  A child's size is significantly less, so I was going to ask for a refund.  I was unable to, however, as I could not get anyone's attention (there was nobody visible behind the counter).  It was getting very late at that point, so we finally just left.  Overall, I was thoroughly unimpressed, and don't see myself returning anytime soon.ETA: I sent this review to the corporate office.  I received a couple of coupons in the mail, so I will update my review when I use them.
4	Best ice cream ever! The store is always clean. The employees aren't always the friendliest though. They currently have two holiday flavors: peppermint mocha and white peppermint which they let me try before I decided on what I finally wanted. I usually get Cake Batter with graham cracker crumbles but the White Peppermint was too good to pass up. It's definitely not priced as low as its' competitors but it is definitely worth every penny.
3	I got to know Cold Stone from the store in Concord Mills. The same quality and deliciousness over here too. I prefer the warm staff in the mill, though...Anyway, i really enjoy the germanchokolate...
5	So my husband brought me here tonight to make me feel better and IT WORKED! I love this place, first time. I got the Apple pie a la mode! Delicious! Oh! It was in a waffle cup that was out if this world delicious! I will be going back! If you haven't been, you're missing out!
