5	Huzzah! First review!All right--to business.I was recently in Edinburgh on holiday, and this was the chippy closest to my hotel, so I ate here a few times. And all times were most, most enjoyable. Things I like:--The food--They wrap the food in paper rather than place it in Styrofoam containers--The ambiance is "winning" (I don't mean this facetiously)One thing that confused me is that they seemed to want to put vinegar on my chips rather than your local brown-saucy concoction. I neither liked nor disliked this, but I thought all the chippies in this town were supposed to be curious-brown-saucy-concoction-centric. Why are they so enthusiastic about vinegar here? Was it because they knew I was a tourist? (If that's the case, I'm a little offended, although I can't say I'm very surprised, to be truthful.)Anyway, this place is good. Eat there.Love,Byron
5	I can't give as an enthusiastic a review as our american friend here, because lets face it, we breathe chip rolls in this country. So let me be brief,- Sausage isn't the cheap stuff.- Roll's come pre-buttered.- Fish is frighteningly boneless.- Not to heavily salted.And most importantly,- cold cans of irn bru5 stars
5	I suppose the combination of alcohol and pangful hunger does sometimes affect one's judgement, but as far as I can remember, the pizza I had at Deep Sea was absolutely mind blowing! Some friends and I ventured over here after a night out, and though I'm usually sceptical of pizza at such places, I was pleasantly surprised! I ordered their pepperoni, which had just the right amount of grease, cheese and yes.. pepperoni! It's very conveniently placed as well, as there are several clubs in the vicinity. I completely understand if my judgement isn't quite trusted due to the dubious circumstances, but in my opinion there wasn't anything to complain about!
2	I'm beginning to think that some of these shops hire the same 4-5 people to give them such glowing reviews (or maybe there are only that many foodies with internet access in Edinburgh).  Deep Sea is right across the street from the flat in which I'm staying, so I had VERY high hopes for this well-reviewed joint.1. The service was curt, and not friendly at all.2. The fish was soggy and overly fishy.3. The chips were okay, but only cuz I had them smothered in cheese.4. Bland, bland, bland...Perhaps I went there at the wrong time on the wrong day, but this has been my LEAST favorite chippie in my short but fish-centric stay in Edinburgh.
5	Five stars for the onion rings! These are proper, fresh onion rings, not the small frozen rings that every other chippie has.  ... The staff are always welcoming and I sometimes phone ahead for special orders.
4	This has turned out to be one if our places in Edinburgh.  We've been here a few times this week.  The fish and chips are really tasty.  I've also tried the chicken pakoras which are not as spicy as they appear to be.  The onion rings are tasty if not a bit over battered (if there could be such a thing).  They are generous with their gravy and ketchup.  Overall we've been happy with our experiences here.  It's filled with post pub party goers on Saturday night.   Get there by 1 for better selection...
5	Deep Sea is a favourite among the locals and tourists. Located in the heart of Edinburgh with a large bright sign, it's hard to miss this place. I highly recommend the haggis supper and their various deep fried chocolates. Not to mention the extremely friendly staff. Highly recommended!http://smgdesigns.co.uk
