2	I rented a 2nd story apt for 8 months. The complex is old for Vegas & not in the safest part of town. I moved here purely because of cheap rent & close proximity to the strip & UNLV while I was saving money & studying.  My main complaints are: (1) even though I changed out the vent every month my apt & thus everything in it, always reeked of cigarette smoke even though I don't smoke; (2) people who came to visit me complained the apt & complex smelled strongly of smoke, chemicals & dust; the rent increase- after my lease was up they raised my rent from $445 to $675.  $445 was a fair price for what the apt is- older, kind of run down & smelling of smoke. I felt any rent increase more than something nominal was unreasonable considering the complex & that I had been quiet, clean & always paid my rent early. I talked to neighbors who experienced the same high rent hikes. The pros: walking distance to hardrock, double down, UNLV, etc; the maintenence crew are extremely nice & helpful; jacuzzi that remains open 24/7.  I'd say if you need somewhere cheap & close to the strip this is a good temporary option- just go for a longer lease if you plan on staying for a while to avoid a rent hike. I'm actually greatful they hiked my rent  now- It pushed me to get out & find a better living situation-- I'm now paying a $675 mortgage (including HOA) on a gorgeous large new southwest home & I appreciate it big time! Lily who works in the office is an absolute sweetheart- very helpful & nice- I recommend you ask for her when renting- she's the best! I hope this review doesn't offend anyone at Cobblestone- it's just my honest opinion based on what I experienced.  Hope it helps!
2	Here is the thing. I had lived there for more than 3 years. The main reasons I stayed is that it is inexpensive and close to where I work and play.  On that note, you sacrifice any kind of luxury when living there and residing in that neighborhood. The Cobblestone Creek apartments are veery run down, old and not very quality.. but it can be descent if you look at the apartments ahead of time and thoroughly inspect your possible apartment before moving in. It's what you make of it, but you have to be meticulous in checking the apartments out before agreeing to a lease. A couple of the major issues here is that it's just a low rent complex, and as a result it's not a very well kept place. I have seen everyone from elderly folks, to college students, to strippers, (probably not very good ones,)  that live there.  The premises are a half-step above a very run-down housing complex that was built for low income.. like 30 years ago. It's livable, but you have to just turn a blind eye to the garbage in the halls, the lack of quality maintenance and just a general constant smell of smoke as it seems everyone is hanging off their balconies smoking something. Many times over the years, I had both the (mis)management (see what I did there) and maintenance people tell me that they will have to 'get back to me' about any repair I have requested. These are basic requests that range from a light socket in a hallway that didn't work, (and NEVER got fixed for 3 years,) to the front of a drawer falling off the first week I moved into a unit and not ever being replaced during my time in one apartment. I have even had a maintenance guy tell me that he had to come back eventually to fix the drawer because he had about 10 of them sitting in the shop. He never came back, and I just couldn't be bothered to continually ask so I left it alone. I had considerable mold build up in one apartment that I didnt notice inside some of the lower kitchen cabinets that seemed to have been growing for some time. I bleached it and it came back. I think it was a water issue within the walls, as the tile in the bathroom started to turn a dark color as if mold was under the linoleum. this was the shared wall that the mold was building up on, opposite the kitchen. Overall, it's just run-down and not perfect, but when you need a cheap place to live and you have other monetary obligations, it can work. As I said.. just be very very meticulous when inspecting the place that you may want to m move into. There is a lot of situations where counters are painted over to cover stains, holes in walls are badly patched up and wiring is just bad due to age of the building. The doorways are not sealed well, so light is often seeping through.. which means air and heat are seeping through.. which will cause higher electric bills. Oh YES! I should mention that everything IS electric and thus your electric bill for your small apartment can be near $100 if you are not careful. It gets hot, VERY HOT in the Summer in Las Vegas and the non-insulated walls, and badly sealed doors let all that air right out. "Cooling the whole neighborhood!"..as my Dad would say. lol.So be aware, be savvy when checking things out and don't let them tie you into things that are not quality until you inspect the thoroughly.  Happy House Hunting!
1	The only reason that they got 1 star out of me is because yelp starts at 1 star or cobblestone creek would have received 1/2 star.The managment couldn't be worse (rude), the repairs are slow & done improperly. The apts have horrible floor plans, there is NO way that these are the sq footage that they list. The hallways reek of weed & cigarette smoke, As if managment cant smell any weed smell as they walk by. The carpets are extremly cheap & pile in just a few months, the cupboard drawers fall apart, we had mold issues because we asked them to fix something that they tore apart but then they said they didnt get the repair request. Or they say, ok, I'll be right back after they look at it but then never do return. Our dishwasher would fall open when we tried loading it & smash my hands because it wasn't braced in properly after our other one broke. It only took them 2 weeks to get us a new one! The fridge was falling apart, didnt go past cool, the freezer didn't work. We couldn't even use the door shelves because the things that help hold the food on the shelves were broke! It only took 3 requests to get a newer one. I'll admit the new fridge was nice but they banged up our kitchen, dented the dishwasher & the wall. It did not fit properly poking forward too much because it was too big for the spot & took up more space in our already teeny tiny kitchen. Oh & let's not forget the cupboards that are made for 7ft people. I bought a step stool & still could only reach the front of the 2nd cupboard shelf. My husband is 6ft & needed the step stool to get to the top cupboard shelves. Who ever hung these cupboards was an idiot! They are hung 12 inches higher then normal cupboards, if you are shorter than 6ft don't plan on getting much use out of these cupboards.Chances are your appliance colors wont match either. They showed my husband 1 apt but then when he went to move in it wasnt ready since he had a uhaul & his father came to help move him (I came into his life after he moved in) he was forced to take a different apt than he had said ok to. The Blinds fall apart constanly & warp from the suns heat. The apts are poorly insulated & get very hot in the summer. They charge you a nonrefundable cleaning deposit (which is fine) however when you go to move out after a couple years & the apt needs to by law be repainted between tenants they charge YOU $250 for it! It didnt even need painted but it is required by law. They charge you for new carpet when it is clearly cheap & started to wear out within months of move in thru the traffic areas, front door & hall area. They tried charging us over $1,000 for stuff. They charged us for thier cheap blinds because the viens were broken & when we requested that they replace them while we lived there they did not take care of this but then added them to our bill! Had I known they were going to pull this crap I wouldnt have even cleaned the carpets! That apt was so clean that other than the cheap drawers, not repairing what THEY needed to repair & investing in better quality carpeting it could have been moved into by the next tenants.Beware of moving out!The hallways are loud & often not clean, the laundry rooms are horrible with washers that fits about 1/2 load but they charge $1.25 for, they dont even get the clothes clean! These are run down, I have seen older apts in much better condition. They were cheap to live in at first, then they raise the rent $110. $110 more for a crappy apt in a bad neighborhood? It was close to my husbands work (he moved into cobblestone creek before we had met) We are out of that area & those apts (thank God) We are in the Green Valley area in our own house with our own pool & jacuzzi & a backyard & an actual garage. No moer apt living for us. I will say this though... After living in such a dump owning your own house in a really nice neighborhood is Heaven! Cobblestone Creek is a DUMP, beware of living there... We made that mistake, hope you dont make the same mistake!
4	Ok heres the thing. I do not rate Cobblestone creek as a four star apartment complex. I do, however, believe that for the amount of rent I am paying for a one bedroom apartment, I am very happy with this establishment and would rate it four stars for value.Cons:Sure, the repair guys take a little longer than usual to fix things, and I have to wait a little while for the water to get hot sometimes. I realize it's not in the safest neighborhood, and it does kind of smell like smoke on the property all the time. The workout room isn't the prettiest, the assigned parking, though abundant, is a mess (people park in spots that aren't theirs), and the people walking around this place are a little creepy. You have to use a rather expensive laundry card to do your laundry in the limited amount of washers and dryers, but I can understand that they probably don't want random people from the street coming in and using their stuff (taking up the machines!).Pros: It's close to the strip and any establishment you could possibly visit in a regular day. I can walk to CVS or sushi/ pizza/ get my nails done etc. My apartment is cozy and it feels secure. The ladies in the leasing office have been nice to me, I've never had any issues with them. You're paying next to nothing to live here (I'm from California so you know what that means for rent $$$). There is a ton of parking for any friends or visitors you may have. And people say there is a bug problem, but really its just a few crickets that come out at night. I've only ever seen 2 in my place. And they're crickets! Not scorpions. What I'm basically saying is, it's really not as bad as people say it is for the amount of money you're paying. All the things I see people complaining about on here are petty. I mean what do you expect when you're paying $490- $700 for either a studio or a 2/3 bedroom apartment! Someone to wipe your a** when you're done taking a crap? If you want all the bells and whistles of a nicer apartment complex, you're gonna have to pay for it. End of story. Bottom line, I know there are nicer places to live, but for my budget and needs, Cobblestone Creek is great.
5	When I moved in I was happy with the apartment itself but I was displeased with the customer service. Then one day, this wonderful girl named Kristie started working and it's been all butterflies and rainbows. If she renews her contract, I'll renew my lease.
5	Since moving to Vegas in 05 I have lived in everything from rented houses to luxury apartments.  They were all shit.  If it wasn't the management, it was the neighbors or the neighborhood.  I just want to be left alone and to my own devices.  These apartments are awesomely priced, it has all the shit you need and would expect (service, clean grounds, safe surroundings, laundry facilities that are well maintained, a gym with the things you need from a gym). The location, come on man! everything you need is in walking distance! They're not the newest or the prettiest but I'm a renter, as long as everything works fine, the grounds are well kept, and my basic needs in amenities are met I'm happy.  The elementary school these are zoned for has a boys and girls club attached, plus it's on the UNLV campus so the kids get to do little field trips and things there. The neighbors are cool when I've spoken to them, but they mind their own business, which is hard to come by in this ridiculous city. All in all though, I wish I would've moved here back when I first saw them in 05. I would've saved myself A LOT of issues.
2	In this case I guess you get what you pay for... Although, I'm told that's about to change, price wise at least. They are raising rents which is how they talked me into signing an extension on my lease. Extremely noisy here. If it isn't the constant flow of airplanes flying just above then it's the army of generators and air conditioners on the roof above that rattle my room all day long. Or it's either the outdated air conditioning that sounds like a giant wind tunnel (which, BTW, for some odd reason causes my utility bill to sky rocket more then my triple the size condo did in Summerlin) or its the enormous mix of kids at the pool or college kids at night, drunk at the pool. Appliances are outdated although I see the maintenance rolling dishwashers in to SOMEONE, just not me. There are so many warped floors in my place that I'm just waiting for the day when one sinks in. I asked why my bathroom vent filter was covered so heavily in mold that they gave me one to change it when I moved in. Shortly after, all filters were changed and just about everyone told me theirs were also thickly coated like a dryer filter after 3 loads of thick fabric. I find homeless people sleeping in the hallway on occasion. Drunk people wandering through at night. And dumpster divers everyday yet security and staff do nothing but brush it off. They said they were raising the rent because they were getting an electric fence. Maybe they should repair the hole in the cement wall that's been there for 3 weeks before they go and get an electric fence... Just saying.
1	BED BUGS! BED BUGS! BED BUGS!I've lived in Vegas most my life and never had a problem with bed bugs until this place. I'm assuming its due to the poor quality of the units that the bugs can travel from one apartment to the next. Be aware though because management will not tell you if they're are bed bugs in your building! Besides having to throw away all my furniture; bed, 2 couches, all pillows and linens. The management was terrible! Took them 3 days to "inspect" to make sure I had bugs another week to do a treatment then I had to wait another 2 weeks for final treatment. In the meantime the apartment was uninhabitable for the whole month! They said it was safe to stay after the first treatment but I woke up with severe bites every time I slept in my own apartment.Christie the manager is very unprofessional. She would never call me back or if I did get ahold of her she was busy. I'm talking a months worth of no phone call back from anyone. This created extra stress cause I mean who has the funds to just stay in a hotel until my apartment was habitable again? All I ever received from the front office was attitude and poor customer service.I ended up just paying through my lease because they wouldn't let me break it even though my apartment was infested and didn't even live in the actual apartment. Do not sign a lease here. All the negative reviews are true. Pay 100 bucks more a month for somewhere else, unless you like bed bugs crawling on your face while you're sleeping! Gross!
1	I love how only the anonymous reviews are 3 and 4 stars. This place is bad and just keeps getting worse. Management seem to be so busy all day when I need something but I don't see any work getting done. I was lied to about several things upon move in that are GREATLY affecting my stay here and management refuses to take responsibility, they just fire the girl that gave me that info. My car has been damaged several times but the security that comes late at night is only worried about the girls in the place. There are 5 on site maintenance workers and yet they still need to hire a crew to clean the common areas. How much maintenance does this place need day to day? Laundry rooms are constantly broken into. Neighbors are nightmares. Some real crack heads in here. It WAS cheap here but now they are justifying raising it SUBSTANTIALLY just because they are adding a gate at the front that will probably only cause more accidents anyways. They do NOTHING about solicitors that have actually ARGUED at my front door with and these idiots can't even accept a congenial request to not leave flyers on my door. There is NO solicitation but for some reason the same guys keep coming back. I don't like them because they are strangers and they look just like the burglars that come through. If there's ONE person in the gym, it's crowded. I get harassed by other tenants when I'm in the main lobby using those facilities. Building codes are way off but no one seems to care. Can't get satellite when I specifically asked the girl for a place I could because I refuse to use cox service. It's so ironic that my phone service is just as bad inside my place even though five steps outside and it works fine (lead in the walls?). Constantly have people above me stomping on the roof. Utilities are expensive. But, I guess that's how they afford to hire extra people to clean when the maintenance just sit around and tell jokes. Can't wait until my lease is up. If it's not the noise from the constant airplanes, it's the crack head tenants or the sixty year old utilities.
1	The fire alarms go off at all hours of the night. Management does nothing about complaints. Children wander unsupervised ringing doorbells and running away. Bums are frequently seen going through dumpsters onsite. Your neighbors WILL steal any and all mail packages left at your door. And mail boxes are frequently broken into and robbed.
1	So...the other day there was this knucklehead pacing around the hallways at my complex. He was knocking on my door and shouting out obscenities in Spanish. I opened my door and told him he needs to leave. He had an attitude after that so i called the front office. It's almost like the lady knew because she answered with a condescending voice and didn't even ask a description. She just said she would get on it. Ummm...the ENTIRE rest of the day and even into the wee hours of the night i heard this idiot calling out from other parts of the complex. I decided that if the complex wasn't going to handle it, i would. I called the police and the managers of the complex show up at my front door within minutes. I was also following up with the REGIONAL of the management company and the on-site managers show up when I'm on the phone, blurting out that there's nobody knocking on my door. They have cameras here. How could they not see the guy at my door...or did they just do a quick run through the entire complex? Ummm because they were here within minutes???Con-am...ABSOLUTELY WORST MANAGEMENT COMPANY EVER. Will never rent from them again.
1	I am SO glad my lease will be over in June. 6 more months of homeless people digging through our trash, our mail room smelling like pet urine, fire alarms going off ALL the time, cheap cabinets falling apart, never getting enough hot water, and so on. I thought this would be a great place to live in because it is so close to everything but I've decided that taking the extra 15 minutes to get to school or to the strip is worth it to having a better place to live in. Also, apparently these apartments are getting gated so the rent is going up significantly. I'm sorry, but for the quality of these apartments, the amount of fuss there is because of the fire alarms going off, and really rude management, it's not worth any more of my money.
1	Years later I have moved apartments within the complex and tried to make this place work.. but it just does not get better. Location has kept me here, but the rent keeps rising and t he quality of the situation degrades daily. As many others have said, the fire alarms go off all the time, and as I sit here writing this they are going off again.. for the 4th or 5th time in the last couple of months. It sometimes happens very late at night or very early in the morning. You cannot trust what the women in the office say they will follow through and do, if you have any issues. The laundry facilities require you to add funds to a pay-card of sorts and the machines regularly malfunction, eat your money or just plain don't work. When you file a complaint with literally 3 different staff and call the number they say you have to go through.. nothing is fixed. They all pass blame around and the company that is meant to furnish your refunds for the cards, will tell you that they cannot do anything without hearing from the office. The office will tell you it's not their responsibility to deal with the laundry situation. Thus, nothing gets resolved and i'm currently out $36 for laundry. Although, you must understand that you cannot do laundry any other way, but to use these pay cards. (Unless you drive off-property)There is SO MUCH noise at all hours. If it isn't the neighbors and children running up and down the hallways.. yes that includes full grown humans as well as kids..  it's an unnecessary leaf blower guy around 830 am. For what reason that needs to happen so often or that early is a mystery. When you ask Brenda or any of the other women in the office.. they say they have no control over the maintenance and yard workers. What do you all have control of??A few months ago they started major hallway destruction in order to add new wiring for security cameras. When they did that.. they unleashed so many bugs and roaches. I never had any bugs in my apartment until that happened. The doors are not sealed properly and air, and dust.. and BUGS can just crawl underneath the doorway as a result. They gave ZERO notice for the construction and it lasted over a month and would begin as early as 6 am.. directly in front of my door. When I complained, I was told it was basically too bad and that it had to happen. To top it all off, my car was stolen last year from my parking space at the complex. As f it weren't a bad enough situation, my car got stolen out from where I live. I'm locked into this lease for a few more months and I cannot barely afford to live here as I got laid off recently, though I have to find a way to get out. ***The alarm has gone off and stopped and gone off again, FOUR TIMES as I sit here and write this for the last few minutes. It's ridiculous. Spend a little more money and stay somewhere else.
