4	We popped in here for lunch on a Saturday morning and were pleasantly surprised.  We arrived after their official breakfast hours, but I was able to have a "Southern-style" breakfast of grits, eggs, and sausage on a biscuit slathered in gravy.  The husband had the croissant club and the French onion soup.  Mmmm-mmmm-good.But what was really awesome was that we got a piping hot roll accompanied by three kinds of butter: plain, strawberry, and pesto.
4	Good for lunch or dinner plus they have free parking in their garage. When you are at the ballet or opera eat here and park for free. All the food except for the fries (frozen) that I have had here was very good.
4	It has become one of my favorites when catching a show at the Blumenthal.  The food is quite good.  The service can be sketchy.  Eat outside when the weather permits.
4	This is the first restaurant that I went to for dinner when I moved to Charlotte.  We popped in for dinner after a day of moving -  not knowing what to expect.  The food and drinks were delicious.  Great seafood.   Drinks were a little pricey but the atmosphere was worth it.  Service was very good.  Seemed like a secret local place that didn't get too crowded - we walked right in on a Saturday night.
3	A bunch of friends from out of town and I had brunch here a little while back. While the place is kinda fancy (perhaps too fancy for us, considering we had just dragged ourselves out of bed after a long night out on the town), with serious waiters and a sorta stuff ambiance, the place serves great food. Not unsurprisingly, it's kinda expensive. Now that I think of it, we were the only people eating there who were under 30, so make of that what you will. Definitely not the place for a mellow, quick meal. Like I said, the food is great. I had a great benedict with coffee and cranberry juice. My friend has french-style pancakes, which he said were amazing. Worked for us. Grab a nice Bloody Mary here and then head out to enjoy a Sunday downtown. Good plan.
2	A few of us went here for lunch on a Friday and while the food was very good the service was very slow and inattentive.   I had the Blue Petit Mignon and the portion size was just right for lunch.
4	After having an awful, overpriced breakfast at the Courtyard Marriott - Charlotte City Center the morning before, I consulted Yelp to find a place within walking distance that wouldn't give me indigestion.I recommend the eggs benedict at the Monticell ($9). The eggs were poached perfectly, the hollandaise sauce was nicely seasoned and the cheese grits were a tasty side.The service could have been a bit more attentive, and it's not cheap, but I would recommend the Monticello to anyone looking for a good breakfast in this part of Charlotte.
4	The Monticello is a great place to have a civilized breakfast.  They have fresh-squeezed orange juice, a nice Eggs Benedict, and even hearty yellow grits.  It is located in a charming uptown Charlotte neighborhood, near a library and several museums.
4	My soon-to-be-Mother-in-law loves the Dunhill, so we had an awesome dinner at Monticello the night she arrived.To tell the truth, I was expecting the worst (Pasta Primavera with Roasted Red Pepper, I hate you). I was more than pleasantly surprised to find several veg appetizers and an inventive vegetarian main on their exclusive menu. But, I had to do the obnoxious - ask the chef to put an entree together for me, something I often do at restaurants of this price range. He immediately agreed, asked me a few questions, and disappeared. Not a short time later, a pile of thinly sliced cauliflower quinoa pilaf, garnished with edible orchids and microgreens, and SMOTHERED in a honey-butter broth appeared in front of my bulging eyes. DE-licious, but almost too rich for such a balmy night. He made a point of checking on his creation (which had already found its way into my belly), which was awesome.Service was less formal than I expected, which was fine by me. Very small, old school feel, perfectly dim lighting. This meal reminds me that I have to stop ignoring Uptown cuisine. I hear the brunch is amazing and super affordable. I'll be back.
4	The food is delicious and wine nicely paired with each entree is a plus. Each entree is well thought out. The presentation is great too. The service was good, but a tad distant. The bread server arrived way before our actual server...they need to work on that. It looks like the service is notorious for being the weak link at this place.The bathrooms are downstairs and only one at a time. Don't wait until the last minute because there may be a line.Great location and a great place to start your night. Make reservations since it can get filled quickly due to the small space.
2	My first meal as a Charlottean was had at this establishment.  I had a taste for fish, and so was pleased to find more than a few appealing options on the dinner menu.  I opted for the trout, preceded by the classic french onion soup.  David X. had the special, a smoked salmon pasta.The good: the trout was delightful, well complimented by potatoes and a light tomatoey sauce.  The portions were perfect, aka not too big.  Basically this dish saved the experience for me.The ok: the bread was warm (not hot) and the salmon special was pretty good too.  Smoked salmon plus creamy sauce, yum.The underwhelming: the french onion soup was not hot.  The cheese was not bubbling or gooey, it was a bit congealed.  Meh.  And, to echo the words of others, the service was more than just pokey.  This was a bit absurd because we were the only people eating in the restaurant.Would I come back? Maybe, to try the breakfast everyone seems to enjoy so much. Maybe they're a bit more on top of their game for breakfast/brunch.  But probably not for dinner.
4	I must say i absolutely love the farm to table feel of montecello soon to be harvest moon grille! In the west you see more of this concept but im excited that the south is coming too realize this concept is so very important. Having the oppurtunity to meet several people who talked highly of this restaurantbi was highly excited to find out id be going to brunch.My friend and i went to brunch and we split the butternut crunch salad, bank moon and the pork belly holendaise. My favorite dish was the salad. Totally dig the julliened raw butternut squah. Apples we're a good accompinmentt. The bank moon was a traditional vietnameese sandwich with a knock ur socks off aioli. The pork belly hollendaise was to be honest not the best i have had due to the hollendaise lacking much seasoning but at least it was freshly made win lhocal eggs. Perhaps a little more lemon and salt? The pork belly was deliscious and not incredably fatty which means it was properly rendered. Im not a grit fan but hey im a northerner. Overall the searvice was amazing friendly and attentive. Totally digged the dark roast on the coffee. Can't wait to come back for dinner!
