4	Vistana is one of the most beautiful condo complexes in the Southwest.  It comes equipped with 2 separate pools that provide barbecue pits.  Great for those hot Vegas summers.  If you're a gym junkie, you're in luck.  There is a workout room located in the clubhouse.  The landscaping is aesthetically pleasing and maintained on a daily basis.  There is an area where you can take your pets to "handle their business" and they even provide you with waste bags.  Security patrols the neighborhood 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.  Ample parking; perfect if you have a party with 5 guests or 50.  And the most important feature: location, location, location.  Minutes to the 215 freeway, grocery stores and pharmacies, Windmill library and fast food restaurants. There are also plenty of gourmet restaurants nearby if you have a more sophisticated palate.  It's very quiet and peaceful, the people are very friendly and you'll enjoy living in this neighborhood.I take off one star because it's hard to get a hold of someone from the management company even if you call during their "business hours." (9am-4pm, Mon-Thurs)
1	Look out! They will tow your moving truck. No note, no call, no ticket, no knock on the door. We came out and it was GONE. With all our now-damaged stuff in it, of course. Not recommended. The manager, Rosie, would not agree to see us, and sunglassed security guards kept us out of the office while we tried to find out where we'd been towed to. It cost $600 to get it back. Not sure why it's in a condo's best interest to tow the vehicles of residents...don't we own this place? Aren't the security guards working for the residents? Wonder if someone has a deal with the tow company...
1	Just watched a segment on channel 13 where they hid 70 cars, said they were towed, some were, some were put in another place in the complex.  Then the owners were charged $275 to get it back, and were not told where their cars were or who towed them, all are against he law!  I would seriously think twice about living here.  THIS ISN'T THE FIRST TIME THIS HOA HAS BEEN IN LEGAL TROUBLE.  You been fore warned. ...
1	What a horrible place I live in!! The HOA here is the worst. I was charged $318 to get my vehicle out of impound because it was towed for no plates. The tow report LISTS the plate number on it! So why was my vehicle towed...?????The security is threatened to be fired if they don't give out violations, so you get violations for the slightest thing (like a vehicle "dripping" no, that was a beverage I poured out you nit wits!!)Absolutely the worst. I can't wait to leave this shady establishment!
