4	Small restaurant with sidewalk terrasse during summer. Casual decor and patrons with open concept kitchen that eminates cajun smells.Small menu but quite cajun/creole. Had the very excellent spicey french fries with mayo: recommended. Had the beer & coconut shrimp: recommended. Had the cajun combo which had a Jambalaya and Chicken etouffe and a creole shrimp, all excellent with just the right amount of spice. Finished it all off with Bananas Foster again recommended, although very sweet.The service was on the ball including rapid water refills which was thankful.
4	Yum! We ordered the sweet potato fries and onion rings which both came with cajun mayo and was delicious. The onion rings are very lightly battered and fried. I ordered Fedelinni Santa Fe with shrimp instead of chicken. It was SPICY! sweet with a kick to it.  The owner was kind enough to give me some cream's to put in it to reduce the heat a little. My sister had the shrimp creole which was good. Our friend had the ribs, I didn't try any but it looked like the meat was falling off the bone. For dessert we had bread pudding and the bananas foster. The bread pudding was so decadent, drenched in a whiskey sauce with a buttery soft texture and a crispy sugary top.
4	When I was here a few nights ago, the place was hopping, but it still felt like we had our own private bubble amidst the hubbub. We had a sweet seat on the terrasse, and the service was great. The drinks were outstanding, the jalepeno martini is something to write home about. I think I'm actually still breathing spicy vermouth at people when I speak.I'm a huge fan of the ambiance, it's buzzing but still relaxed - it's a great place to hang out if you're in this neighbourhood. The food was pretty average. All the creole and cajun specialties sounded exciting, and though the fish and meat were both cooked perfectly, most of it was doused in spicy sauce that basically hijacked any other tastes.The shrimps, however, were excellent, as were the ball-shaped crab cakes we started with. And I've heard very good things about the pasta dishes. I'll come back and have drinks and appetizers, inside or outside.
4	Visited here on a recent trip to Montreal. Ambiance was fun and welcoming. Great indoor seating in front of large open windows looking out on to peaceful Montreal street. Great Servers. Very friendly and informative. We found out the history of the restaurant and heard a bit about the current owners' effort to turn it into the stylish establishment it now is. We ordered from the specials menu which offered tasty dishes like roasted pork loin with asparagus and fennel and pan seared halibut with bacon. Wine list offered affordable quality options. To top it off they were playing 70's disco all night which was awesome. All in all a very enjoyable experience. We will return on our next visit.
5	A favourite for some years now.  La Louisiane's quality of food and the professionalism of the young staff makes this restaurant a 5 star experience in our opinion.  We frequently make the La Louisiane our "special occasion" outing and recommend it to all of our friends who may be visiting the city. I've tried many of the dishes on the menu and have always found the dishes to be correctly spiced according to the recipes.  Cajun food is not for the meat and potatoes crowd. My personal favourite is blackened catfish, while another friend is a big fan of the Dino Ribs.  The decor and the general ambiance is outstanding.  The staff always seems to manage to make us feel as if we are "home."
4	I have been a customer at La Louisiane since they opened over a decade ago. Living in NDG, moving to Laval, on contract in Las Vegas and in DC, I always talk about this place. This place hasn't change very much over the years, their menu works and I say, don't mess with it! It would be a very conservative estimate if I said I have been here 100 times. It's my goto restaurant. Close by, easy, consistent and an atmosphere that is suitable for many different situations. It can be romantic (sit in the corner on the right hand side next to the window), great for a group of people, or sit at the bar and enjoy a few cocktails (my favourite is the mint julep). Last night, after realizing I wasn't in the mood for leftover pot roast, we easily chose to head over to La Louisiane. I had the crawfish etouffe, boyfriend had his usual, dino ribs, and my girlfriend ordered the blackened fish, tilapia. We started with our usual apps, the coconut beer shrimp and the crab cakes.The coconut beer shrimp and the crab cakes came out fairly quickly along with the pitcher of red sangria. I love the shrimp and we cleaned that plate of 6 shrimp within minutes of their arrival, piping hot with a crispy outside hiding tender shrimp. We ended up ordering another round.The only glitch in the night was that they forgot our mains and we waited almost 90 minutes for them to come out. That wasn't a huge issue, but it would have been nice if they had acknowledged the delay. Instead, they said nothing, no apologies, nothing. That was disappointing because it is not a reflection of the service I normally receive here. That said, the place was busy, not full but definitely, for an icy-snowy-miserable night, they had a decent number of tables filled. They didn't seem to have a regular waiter or bus boy either. The bartender was serving us and the manager was clearing tables, so maybe they were just overwhelmed. Still, a simple apology or explanation would have gone a long way. It didn't make a good impression on my guest :( so I doubt I can convince her to go back there.Unfortunately, we were quite full once our food arrived. After 90 minutes of sitting with bread, the appetizers and drinks, we just couldn't eat more than a few bites. We wanted to. We really did, but we were completely stuffed. I gave them 4 stars because I know this restaurant and this was not typical of the service I have received. If this had been my first visit to La Louisiane, I probably would have given them 2 stars since we didn't get to really enjoy our main meal. :( That pains me, to even say I would have given them a 2 stars.
4	For all the variety of foods that Montreal's restaurant scene offers, I find that some of the regional cuisines of the United States are clearly absent or have next to no representation up here.Thanks to La Louisiane at least Cajun food has a presence here, my guess is that it's due to the French connection Quebec and Louisiana both have, but even then it's always nice to see.This place has been around forever and always seems busy. Even then, I've come here quite a few times over the years and have never walked away disappointed with anything I had. Gumbo, Jambalaya, fried alligator, Bread Pudding with Jack Daniels sauce, they've got them all here.Service can be brisk and erratic at times but the folks are always friendly and the outdoor dining in the summertime is always pleasant.
4	Love a good Cajun meal and this is the place. Friendly service, casual neighbourhood eatery at very reasonable prices! I could drink their Cajun sauce & don't even get me started on the desserts! yum, yum, yum, yum yum
2	Mixed.  The food is unpredictable.  Sometimes it's been good,  other times oily.Tonight, not so good.  Mostly to do with the service.  The house wine was absolutely inferior, like two-buck chuck, told the waiter, but he didn't care much. My companion's dish was a $24 linguini mussel dish, where we literally counted 2 mussels.  Told the waiter, he checked with the chef who said he put in 6 ... Uh, we would have seen six mussels.  Being from Los Angeles, I'm used to servers caring about what the customer says or feels.  This server couldn't be bothered, I felt like we were just nuisances - not sure I'd it's because of the coupon or just his style.
3	This place has a super romantic feel, Candlelight with cozy tables. Its kept low and has big windows that look to the street, or you can sit out in the pretty terrase. The servers were extremely friendly, fast and polite. Sadly the food failed to impress me. This was my first time trying creole/cajun food and I guess I am not too big of a fan of this type, so cannot say anything about the authenticity either. However the place is right for nice romantic environment.
4	If I close my eyes pretend there is some Louis Armstong playing while the smoke from the kitchen fills the air and open them slowly you could almost believe you are in the Big Easy!  Tonight I had a great dinner here with my wife!  She had a Chardonnay, I had a Hurricane to get the evening rolling!  Very nice I must say!  We ordered a small green salad to start which was just greens and a nice light vinaigrette dressing! Then for the main course the waitress warned us the Dinosaur Beef ribs were all sold out for the night!  Dang, I was sorta feeling like them!  Que to second choice I ordered the Cajun combo and wifey ordered the Creole Shrimp!  Plus, of course we needed some sweet potato fries to fill up that tummy!  All came out in quick order and was delish, spicy and well presented!  For desert it was all about the Double chocolate chip bourbon pecan pie!  Afterwards we felt like we needed to un-notch the pants but were more than satisfied with the meal!  I've eaten here 9 years ago and once in between and the restaurant still has that same great ambiance and look to it!  If I lived in NDG it would probably be a once a month hit up!  Some notes to mention to the owners if reading:Please try serving some better coffee!  It tastes like brown water!  Also some N'awlins jazz wouldn't have hurt, but you may be sick of that from perhaps trying it sometime in your 20 years of operation!  Still, it would help fit the ambiance of the place and make me believe I was really in the Big Easy (sleazy!).
5	I've been here sooo many times, and am never let down! Nice little resto, with a small terrace in the summer. The little spiced cornbreads they bring with your bread basket are to die for, as are their sweet potatoe fries (totally worth the $2 surcharge to upgrade from regular fries - to be dipped in spicy mayo).Blackened fish of the day (last time it was rainbow trout) and dinosaur beef ribs are my 2 favourites on the menu. They have regularly chaging specials which are always worth a try as well.The only negative is that service is very variable. If you don't take an appetizer, then you'll have a wait for your main meal. And waiters tend to leave you alone for long stretches, but are never too far to be flagged down if need be. The open kitchen adds a nice atmosphere and delicious smells permeate the room!
3	It started off so great with a  (non-traditional) amazing gumbo topped with super tasty shrimpy things, really though I could eat a mountain of those shrimp.The little corn-bread like things they served us as a starter were also very good.But all went downhill from there.My crawfish etouffee was sub-par, besides finding a hair in it, the crawfish also just tasted way too "fishy" (as in: not fresh).On top of that my hubby's prime rib wasn't a prime rib.Blah!Despite it all I really want to go here again, maybe they just had an off day, the soup was so tasty and they do make a really good Caesar...It pains me to only give 3 stars, I will adjust this according to future experiences...be they bad or good (please be good).
4	The crab cakes, although not Baltimore blue crab, were delicious. I didn't get that " eating sawdust" feeling that I usually get when noshing on inferior crab cakes from, say, such seafaring states like Vermont or Nevada.I followed those up with a plate of Dinosaur Ribs that too were perfectly cooked and fall off the bone tender but, can I tell you; I'm pretty sure that those were beef ribs despite our server's insistence that it was T-Rex that was on the menu.Try their Sazerac though; it's epic - I kid you not!
4	Went here again.They gained a star!Why?Well for one the service was better, and secondly they offered me Blair's Ultra Death sauce when I wanted things spicier.You won my heart with the ridiculous spicy sauce *high five*
4	We live literally across the street and have been wanting to come here for a year since moving in. We did last night, and it was great.Before ever visiting, Louisiane has a really lovely vibe, candlelit seats spread along the sidewalk. It always looked very enticing, and it was, both inside and out.The menu is southern/cajun food, which was a first for us, which was nice. We ordered a chicken soup, green salad, crab cakes, to start. And then we had the dinosaur beef ribs and sizzling firecracker shrimp as mains. We also got two bottles of wine.Everything was really yummy, the chicken soup/green salad were good. The crabcakes / dinosaur ribs though, were amazing. The crabcakes starter comes as 5-6 small little balls which you can dip and eat. And the ribs, were honestly, some of the best I ever had in my life. Also, all of the staff were also super nice. I say all, because unlike other restaurants where if you ask another employee for something, they will say "I'll get your server." At Louisiane, said person just did the task, happily. Which is how it is in the Europe/Australia, unlike North America etc. We had a really lovely dinner. Every aspect was great.However, the one downside to this place, is that I find it is a tad expensive. Most things on the menu feel a little bit marked up than they should be, I feel. But that said, unlike many other marked up restaurants around the city, La Louisiane offers something that is incredibly unique, and executed very well. For a long time, we only stuck to going to BYOW restaurants if we ever wanted wine, because of the intense markup on bottles especially. However, because Louisiane is unique, and offers a great seating, atmosphere and food, it can be argued that the pricing is justified. I'd return for sure.
1	Used to be a regular, unfortunately the quality of the food has exponentially decreased in the past year or so... While the prices keep going up...
