3	Eyemasters, Now Called VisionWorks Friendly staff, but not super helpful. It took longer for us to get our glasses then it should have. I thought they had a smaller selection then the meadows mall location, ill be going there next time.. just seemed harder then it should have been. but they lady who got us all checked out was very kind and apologized for us waiting.
5	This Visionworks location is clean and has a friendly and helpful staff. The selection of frames is extensive. Will definitely return. Dr Davis is excellent.
5	We got our daughter's prescription yesterday but the office that we always go to has a very few selection for children's frames, so we decided to go over here. Used to be EyeMaster. Made sure that they are taking VSP. Lots of frames to choose from. Staff (especially Ally) was very nice. Even the other tall lady that works by the front desk was nice too. But Ally helped us personally and after all her calculations we only paid $70+, this include our co-pay $20, light lens(forgot what it's called??) anti-reflective, anti scratch, 1 yr warranty for $15. Although personally we don't need the warranty, I still took it just in case (my kid is only 7 y.o.). So from previous experiences... $70 is cheap! We'll definitely recommend this place. And I hope they don't change staff because they are perfect!
5	The staffs greeted me and were very pleasant.  Dr. Davis is one awesome doctor. The best. I will definitely go back for my annual eye exam and any other vision problems.
5	By far, one of the best customer services of any business I have ever dealt with. All the staff there treat me very well even thought I return my glass 3 time because of the manufacturer defect in the lens. Each and every time they gave me a new pair with a smile. I will be doing business here for life.
5	Dr. Lesa Davis was great. Probably the most informative eye exam I've ever had. She took the time to explain certain terminology and lenses to me.  I never once felt like she was trying to sell or scare me into something I didn't need, which is usually the case with the Optometrist I've been seeing for the past 5 years. :)
5	Nice store and excellent service. They give a 60 day guarantee...and they mean it.I bought glasses at a Corning, New York Visionworks store with a faulty (non Visionworks) prescription. Visionworks on Blue Diamond replaced the lens free of charge using a new prescription. That's beyond customer service...that's unbelievable.We will definitely be buying all of our eyeglasses here from now on.Ask for Barbara she is very professional and helpful.DGN...a happy customer.
5	I have been coming to this location for about a year and half now. The service has been great. Each time I have an appointment scheduled they are great at giving me a call and confirming my availability for the scheduled appointment. They take most insurance plans and if not accepted, they will call and let you know before you show up to the appointment.The optometrists were well qualified and thorough during the exam. The optometrist did not hesitate to ask me to take one of the exams again to verify the fitting of my contacts. She was very patient and determined to give me the best possible service for my eye exam. I will definitely be coming back for annual eye exam.
