4	Nice large bar , great for a drink b4 theatre and food is good also but a bit expensive. Near Princess St and bar also allows kids in as well which is quite rare in Edinburgh.
3	Located in the Omni Centre, this bar is ideal for something to drink or eat before the cinema or theatre. As Michael said, there is plenty of nice big leather sofas to collapse into for a night of drinking. It is like Wetherspoons but one up the posh scale. I haven't eaten here but have seen a lot of cheap deals on Student Beans for this chain, so might be worth a go. There isn't anything overly special or exciting about this bar. Just a standard bar with comfy sofas selling reasonably priced drinks and food.
3	Above Wetherspoons, but below All Bar One on the deluded arsehole scale, the Slug and Lettuce chain became quite popular during the early 2000s boom period, but since about the middle of the last decade has dropped off the radar a bit. There are fewer of them about these days, and to be honest I don't expect too many of Britain's pub goers miss them.Situated in the Omni Centre which doesn't exactly help the sterile atmosphere, I can't really think of any great reason to visit here other than if you're actually gagging for a drink before visiting the cinema.
3	Slug and Lettuce... what an awesome name, I wanted to like this bar so much more than I actually did but unfortunately it was just a bit too flat for my liking. Sure, it's not bad for a swift drink but it's really nothing to write home about unfortunately. The decor is very modern and minimal and the prices are quite reasonable too but it just doesn't have any real atmosphere or charm that would make me want to come back time and time again.
1	This place always gives me the creeps!! I'm going to keep this short and simple....It's dirty, the carpet always has food mushed into it, the tables are never cleaned properly, the wine is warm (!!), the food is horrible re-heated crap, the prices are extortionate and the staff are moody.I;ve been here several times and come to the same conclusion. I thought it was ok because it was beside the cinema etc etc - don't make the same mistake I did!!
3	The Slug and Lettuce may not be exciting or original but it is a reliable go-to if you are after a few drinks or bit of food before the cinema or theatre.There's loads of space and a section at the front with really comfy leather and seats and couches if you've had a long day and want to relax. There's quite a varied menu and everything I've ever had has always been tasty and good value for money - particuarly love the risotto and tostadas (somewhere between a fajita and a pizza) and the puddings are generous and yummy aswell. They also do an offer on Monday's where all food has 50% off which is a great bargain.The cocktails are really basic, don't expect anything authentic or memorable but at least the service is good so you'll get it quickly!
4	Half priced food on mondays.  YES! We had to wait 45 minutes to order food because the kitchen was so overloaded with orders - but the drinks we ordered in the meantime were tasty and decently priced.  I had chicken curry with rice and my husband had the steak.  Both were really delicious and you just can't beat the price.  All the entrees are fairly priced to begin with, so 50% off means they're super cheap.  All the sandwiches and burgers looked really good too and the portions were big.  Service was great.  Our server was getting slammed due to the 50% off food special, but she managed to come around a few times and apoligized for the wait.  The bar area has a great atmosphere too which made the wait managable.  My recommendation would be to come after 7PM, as it died down substantially after that.Tuesdays they have 2-for-1 indian entrees which is a great deal too.  I would definitely go back if I lived in the area!
2	I arrived at the Slug and Lettuce having spent roughly 6 or 7 hours in a car home from Alton Towers. I had a numb bum, tired eyes and a rumbly tummy so we decided something quick and easy will do. My friend was desperate for a Sunday Roast so this place fitted the bill.Or so we thought, after being shown to a table and deciding on what we wanted we were told there was no Sunday Roast left...... I saw his eyes sink a little. Gutted. On a side note, please either decide if you are going to have table service or order at the bar, I find the mix of the two really rather bizzare.So, I ordered a Mojito as cocktails are half price at the weekends!? Meh, I would not have it again if I were to return. It was a little lacklustre. I then had a butternut squash, spinach and goats cheese lasagne - sounds yum, tasted yum. Up until an hour or so later, I did not feel well and having eaten nothing else I can't see what else could have made me feel so queasy. Rather disappointing really, wish I had gone somewhere a little more exciting.
2	Distinctly tepid soup, an eclectic car-crash menu, and friendly but slow service. This is not the recipe for a happy lunchtime.Overall, we said: "the Slug & Lettuce wasn't great. They absolutely, categorically need to chop their menu at least in half, if not further than that. They have eight different burger options, sitting next to a similar number of curry options, sitting next to a broad range of pasta options, and from what I could see, none of it looked too appetizing. They need to focus on a much smaller number of dishes, and try to inject some quality. For now, I couldn't recommend the place."
4	Good place for coffee and snack, quite spacious so there is no problem with finding comfy seats.
3	As part of a national chain they do alright. I've been here twice and both times the food was acceptable, nothing out of this world but not bad either. The service is average as well. The last time I was here it was a bit awkward when I walked in with my friends. There was no hostess to greet us and we just stood there waiting to be seated while several servers walked past us, stared at us, and proceeded to ignore us. Finally one attentive waiter asked us if we were waiting to be seated and we said yes. Why else would we be standing there looking expectant? The best thing about this place is the great daily deals. 50% off food on Mondays, 2-4-1 curries on Tuesdays! You can't beat that. Also, as a vegan I was happy to see that they have one completely vegan (and healthy!) meal on the menu, the sweet potato salad. It was actually quite good, I'd order it again. Before I was vegan (was vegetarian) I had the veg curry (has dairy in it) which was just okay, obviously not as good as a curry from a proper Indian eatery.
