3	Compared to other guitar centers in the country, this one lacks depth in electric guitars. Major brands include Gibson, Fender and Ibanez. Sure, you can find some Ernie Balls, PRS, and whatnot. The thing that really bothers me about this GC is that there are only a few high-end models. For example, you CANNOT find a single Ibanez Prestige, there are only 1-2 Jems, 1-2 JP musicman, 1-2 Axis. I would say that most models are mid-range with a few standouts. The store does have some very nice amps and recording gear.
3	Not a lot to say. In and out really quick for a couple guitar wall hangers. Pretty tough to say a lot about this place, so it's tough to give it a real good or bad rating.  I'm not a guitar player and haven't played my saxophone or the piano since high school.Service seemed friendly, the host girl at the front door was nice and told us where to find what we came in looking for. The guy that helped us was friendly and checked us out quickly and the prices were comparable to what we could have got shipped to us from an online store. (but we'd rather help out the local business owners and give them some turnover)3 stars
4	This is one of the smaller Guitar Centers I've been to so sometimes they don't have always the stock. However, they have great customer service. The BF and I have just been helped in every section of the store and people have always been nice, helpful. People are patient and thorough about questions. In the electronic section we seem to meet eclectic people working here who do DJing or involved in music around town. It's fun to meet other music people and cool to be invited to events we didn't even know occurred or given CDs. I like that GC does price matching and it's not too far from the house so it's not a big deal if we leave empty handed. We enjoy coming here though because the people are pleasant and interesting.
4	Helpful staff without too much of the Guitar Center employee douchery you see at other locations (cough Hollywood cough).  It's a small location so make sure they have what you're looking for before coming by.
1	Worst customer service anywhere ... After going here and getting talked down to by some fat a***hole, I will NEVER in my life buy anything from guitar center again. BECAUSE OF THIS STORE !!Do not go here ....
1	This place, and it's staff, can kiss my you know what... I called looking for a "reed" for an "oboe".  I have no clue what this is, I just know my step kid needs one for his band class.  The kid that answered phone immediately says they have them in stock, so I begin my roughly 12 mile trek from Rhodes Ranch to this location at Durango and Charleston.  I finally arrive and there is a little kiosk with a kid sitting there apparently directing traffic.  I ask for the "oboe reed's" and he points to a rack and says "I think they are over there".  After 5 minutes of searching in front of a counter of two employees, one a Dave Navarro look-a-like, I finally approach them and ask for the location of the mystical reeds.  They respond with nothing more than "ask accessories" and point to the other side of the store.  AhhhK....  I walk to accessories, ask again for reeds, and without missing a beat, they point back to the two clowns I had just spoke with.   I immediately exited, vowing never to return.  They mystical oboe was found online, next day delivery.
3	Customer service at this place is ALWAYS hit or miss. The sales associate that we had this time told us that Guitar Center has new management and that they are now trying to build their customer relationships. We shall see about that. Only time will tell.
4	We recently decided to let our child start piano lessons.  Since we didn't want to spend a lot of money investing in a piano off the bat, we decided an electric keyboard would do for now.  We went to Family Music Center in NLV and was disappointed in the small selection.  So we  decided to drive to GC to see what they had available.   Guitar Center had a keyboard in stock for $100 less then what FMC was trying to sale it for!  Needless to say we decided to shop here.  We had a great sales person who was friendly and knowledgeable.  (Not a "pushy" person trying to upgrade us to a better model).  Overall we had a good experience with GC and would come back here.
4	Free beginner guitar lessons every Saturday at 10am!!I am writing this specifically to tell the world that my opinion on Guitar Center has been greatly improved by recent visits to this location.On this particular visit, I was going in to get a guitar stand and to show my wife some of the intro size guitar that our daughter could play. I was given assistance on finding exactly what I asked for, and left alone one we said that we were just looking to plan a future purchase.Then, at check out, I WAS NOT asked for my phone number. I have been shopping in these stores for 10 years. I have worked in them. The WORST part is that you are asked to provide personal information, associated with a phone number, for their marketing purposes. This goes for buying a $3000 guitar (in which case, you should for warranty purposes) or buying a pack of picks for $3, which you would never try to return.When I was visibly shocked, the cashier said "we stopped asking for info on small purchases. It seems to make people much happier."You're GD right it does!!I will now go to this location over Sam Ash for my regular purchases, such as strings and accessories. Note: Always get your larger purchases from independent stores. There is more flexibility on prices, variety in options, and better support after your purchase.
4	I was on a mission to find a karaoke machine. Why I was chosen to do this task when I don't karaoke is beyond me...not all Asians karaoke! I'll do anybody's math homework any day but I WILL NOT SING KARAOKE!!!I called around other stores first to see if they have what I was looking for and every store I called claimed they have karaoke machines/speaker systems. I drove from one end of the city to the opposite end just to get disappointed. My last stop was Guitar Center. I thought I heard angels singing...but alas, it was Joey Ramone!They have products in the center of the main room and they also have products in several other rooms. Acoustic guitars, electric guitars, drum sets, keyboards, etc...I didn't notice if they had sitars. Not only did I find a speaker system but it was also on sale! A nice gentleman carried it to my car for me -not that I needed help. I lift bro, I lift.I got home opened the box but the mic wasn't there so I called the store and was told to go ahead and come back so they can give me my mic. That's what I did and it was a painless transaction.
5	Hands down, the best customer service I've received in recent memory. We went in to buy a   specific make and model as a Christmas gift.  We found the guitar we were looking for when Robin approached us and asked if we had any questions. We explained to Robin that the person we were buying the gift for was switching from acoustic to electric. That's when Robin explained they carry some guitars in a packaged deal with everything you need in one box, including the amp, cables, strap, case, etc. The savings is substantial when compared to buying everything invididually.  The model we wanted did come in a package deal, but this location was out of them. Robin said he could order it and might be able to guarantee delivery before Christmas. Obviously, we wanted to make sure we had it before Christmas so I asked Robin if he could put together a makeshift package using the individual items. Robin cautioned it might get a little pricey, compared to the actual "package" deal, but said he would gather everything up give us an idea of what it would cost. The store was crawling with holiday shoppers. All of the employees were extremely knowledgable and made sure we were being helped. Robin continued to gather our items, all the while answering other customers questions and offering them assistance along the way without delaying us in any form or fashion. Besides, the store is loaded with lots of stuff to look at and play around with, so we were more than content pretending we were rock stars.Robin was able to put a package together for us, with better quality accessories and without breaking the bank. This actually worked out better because it encompasses more than one box, giving the illusion we bought multiple gifts! I love it when a plan comes together. It was great to have such a painless Christmas shopping experience. Hats off to Robin and the entire staff. Merry Christmas.
4	I have to say that I was definitely impressed with this guitar center but the husband had a few more disappointments. I have not been to any others in Vegas so I was a little overwhelmed with the selection of guitars and other instruments.  My husband had a few things in mind that he was looking for that this particular guitar center didn't have in stock.  The customer service here was unreal.  It seemed as though every time we turned around another employee was asking us if we needed something or just started a friendly conversation.  Everyone we talked to seemed very knowledgeable about what was in stock and I certainly thought they knew what they were talking about.  My little girl was instantly impressed by the child sized pink electric guitar they had.  Oh guitar center...I think you did this to every parent of a little girl under the age of 10 just to get us trapped in the store a little longer.  Unfortunately the selection of left handed guitars was lacking and there wasn't any child sized left handed guitars.  But one employee didn't hesitate to get online and try to find a pink child sized left handed guitar and he was able to give us several options.  So that deserves 5 stars just for the effort.  My husband purchased an amp and a couple of Gibson guitars.  If you purchase a used guitar, it has to stay in the store for 30 days.  There was some trouble finding the guitar when my husband went to pick it up because they failed to file it under his name but after some searching, he was able to leave the store a happy guy with guitar in tow.  The prices were a little high but to be able to walk away with exactly what we wanted, it was well worth it.
4	I love the place but the only thing that keeps it from being a five star in my book is the fact that they only have ONE guitar specialist there. EVERY. SINGLE. TIME I go there to get a tune up, the guy isn't there. My advice? Don't turn away paying customers by not providing enough service. You're a guitar store -- you fix, sell and tune guitars don't you? Then please, hire a couple more guys to fill out the task (and have more than 1 working at a time...!)
4	was here to purchase an audio recorder and the guys were very helpful.  Was offered great replacement warranty and decided to roll with that.  I was in and out in 5 minutes.  No complaints!
5	Ukelele tuned up in 2 minutes flat by an expert who refused to charge us! Now that's customer service that will make Guitar Center the first choice for any and all musical needs :-)
4	This store has amazing customer service. The employees are always very nice, knowledgeable, and helpful. I usually came for the guitar section, but their selection of vinyl needles was very extensive too when it came time to get a good needle.
4	My kid plays guitar, lives guitar, breathes guitar, almost certainly dreams guitar so this is a regular stop. We have bought most of the collection from here or a larger sister store in SLC. The selection is fantastic, high end right the way down to budget. A wonderful humidified room with the best acoustics is our favorite part of the store and helpful staff have guided us through each and every major purchase.There is a place in the store with accessories so if you want a string or a few picks, it's all there. My biggest surprise on my first of many visits was the extraordinary selection of other instruments, drums, wind, electronics and so forth.Like music? You must visit, generally a sale or a deal available, just ask.
4	This is the smaller Guitar Center in the Las Vegas area but still, it's worth your time. It has lots of choices to offer but not nearly as much as the one by the strip. You can still get your little problems fixed and get some new equipment while you're at it. The staff is friendly and the store is maintained well. They constantly get used gear in so it makes you want to come back to see what they got in next. It's a worthy stop if you don't want to go all the way across town but if you're looking for a certain item, I would check here but know that the other one would probably have it.
