5	I have been using Jet Carpet Cleaning for the past three years and James the owner is great.   He always does an awesome job and it doesn't cost me a fortune.  I got burned by another carpet cleaning company once that was advertising the $9.99 a room special and I only had 3 rooms but somehow it ended up costing me over $200.  James always charges me the same price unless I want something extra done.  5 stars for an honest, affordable, and reliable small business
5	James was fantastic, he was easy to work with as far as scheduling. He was on time & got the job done quickly. The quoted price was right on and the quality of work was outstanding. I was so pleased with the way the floors looked after he finished. I highly recommend, you won't be disappointed!
5	We moved from a 4 bedroom home in Surprise to the East Valley. The carpets needed to be clean before we returned the key the rental company. I called James last minute. He gladly accepted the task. James was nice, kind and caring. I was so happy with the outcome of the carpets and floors. I was simple shocked and surpise how great it looked. The carpets looked new. I will use James carpet service JET Carpet Cleaning again and the price was way better then I expect. Thank you JamesKevin and Debbie
5	Jet Carpet Cleaning Saves the Day!!!!!  James did a fantastic job on a huge house that we needed to have the carpets cleaned prior to a move in!  I had another carpet company cancel last minute due to a family emergency and was charged with trying to find someone in less than 2 days to clean our carpets.  James came to our rescue!  He was able to come that very same day, drive halfway across the valley to Chandler, gave me a price quote over the phone and stuck to it!  He was very professional, extremely reasonably priced, and his equipment is top of the line and super powerful.  The carpets look practically brand new!  We had some hefty stains that he was able to get out as well!  We were simply blown away by the quality of his work!  We will most definitely use Jet Carpet Cleaning again or refer others if ever needed!  Thank you, James.
5	James from Jet came out, and did an AWESOME job!  He worked very hard to get stains out, and took extra care and time like my furniture was his own.  He showed up on time, gave me a call to let me know he was on his way, and did a great job!  I will use him again for sure, and I highly recommend Jet Carpet Cleaning.
5	What a great job done, and an excellent deal for $119.  We did both our home and office and between both places, it was a big job, so I thought it was a super great price for the amount of carpeting it covered. Plus, James did an amazing job of getting stains out and thoroughly cleaning the carpets. Really impressed and happy with it.Nice thing too was no upselling, he honored the price quote given and showed up on time too. Will definitely use again!
5	I found this business on Yelp. The reviews were great so i gave jet Carpet Cleaning a call. I was a bit nervous when James took my appointment while he was at dinner, but James showed up as promised, didn't go over the estimate, and got out ALL of the stains. (I have a two year old and a dog.) I suppose it was my fault for calling late on a Friday. James did, however, call me back to confirm as it got closer to the appointment date.He also gave me a tip on how get the carpet dry in a few hours.  Three hours later the carpet is almost dry.  I highly recommend.
5	Was very happy that I had choose this company to clean my carpets and sofa. Everything looked great, dried fast, and there was no chemical smell. I will use them again.
5	James is a pleasure to work with - responsive, thorough, accommodating and his prices are very reasonable.  I especially appreciate being able to support a locally owned and operated small business.  Beyond being a nice person and reasonably priced - you have to know- he does a GREAT job on cleaning carpets.  I have three dogs and the house we live in has very light colored carpets.  Not only were the carpets clean after he left, they have remained clean.  No reappearance of old stains or residue that attracts new dirt.
5	I called James to come over and he immediately called back and scheduled an appointment for the next day. He came in and did a phenomenal job with our three bedrooms and two area carpets for a really fair price. I would definitely recommend him to everyone looking for a true professional and nice guy.Unfortunately, my dog vomited all over one of the carpets a few days later. I called James right away and he's coming back over today. Great service!
5	Amazing company. I am out of state, but it was incredibly easy to arrange cleaning with James and he has done amazing job removing stains that were there for many years. Rates are very compatible as well. Highly recommended!
5	I have used this company few more times since first review and they ALWAYS do a great job for a very very reasonable price. Friendly and professional. Very impressed with their consistent good service.
5	Wow, What can I say. It is nice to do business with an honest and friendly person. James did a fantastic job getting the stains out. He is prompt ,friendly and very reasonable in price. I will definitely use him again and again. Thanks James!!!!!
5	James did a great job!  Very personable and did a great job on my carpets and upholstery. Price was very reasonable. I highly recommend him.
5	Second time for James to service my carpets. What a wonderful man. Great job on the carpet. I have him coming to clean the apartments carpet as well. Debra
5	Still using this company and they are still awesome!
