4	its the harvard of canada you know!did you also know that welcome weekend for freshman is sponsored by molsen?did you also know that if you drink a case of molsen before you go to class you wont remember the class?did you also know that if you drink a case of molsen before you go to class you wont remember the class?my cousin went here and didnt even know he graduated till he got a letter sent to his house letting him know he didnt have to go back.oui oui
5	One of the best decisions I ever made was to get the hell out of the US in 2002 and go to McGill for my undergrad. Didn't know a soul and had never even met a Canadian before but ... c'est la aventure. Yes, it's heavily alcohol fueled (and sponsored) but that's college. Some favorite memories include but are not limited to ...The gorgeous old school buildings with marble floors and high ceilings, the creepy deco library that always smelled like feet, the underground walkways that connected the buildings and always made me feel like i was signing a death wish in a meager attempt to avoid the sub-zero temperatures above ground. Ah...and I loved the people in the sociology department where I worked for 2 years in a work study program meant to support my student loans but instead supported my nights at Time and Vol de Nuit. Those wonderful Italian dames brought me food and bought me presents and let me do homework for $9 an hour. tabernac!
5	I give McGill an extra star because it's in Montreal. Don't get me wrong: McGill is a great school on its own, but it certainly gets a boost from being in the heart of such a fun and unique city. Going here as an undergrad was great because I could live within walking distance of the main campus, while still completely avoiding any university-related, rah-rah nonsense if I felt like it. Try doing that in a college town.The student body is pretty diverse, about a quarter international students (including lots of Americans) and a quarter from Toronto and the GTA. As such, McGill has a good international reputation, which is useful if you're planning on going on to do graduate work.
5	So, you're looking for a university on Yelp. My, my, how can I know what you're looking for? Do you seek knowledge about the student life, the academic standards, the buildings or the crowd?Well, let me begin.I had the honour of studying and graduating from McGill with a Master's. This university seems to have a policy of snapping the best professors from all over the world. I kid you not, the genius density at McGill is off the charts.Your professors will, as a standard, be quite demanding and expect you to rise to their challenge. Considering the high admission standard university-wide, you should be more than a match for whatever they throw at you.Useful tip: if you graduate from their law school, you should be immediately eligible for admission to both the Canada/Quebec and New York State Bars. Apparently, only York uni can boast the same privilege.I have to take care in maintaining fairness while making this criticism: being such an enormous and multidisciplinary university, combined with a wide range of activity focuses beyond the academic, McGill's bureaucracy can be bothersome to deal with. For your own benefit, please assume that the right hand won't know what the left is doing. Your departmental policies may not match the university's official (and sometimes obscure) regulations. There may be small print that hasn't made it into the tons of handbooks you're showered with. I can't emphasize this enough: take control of your degree's admin. Ask which courses exactly are needed, and whether everything you have done, are doing and plan to do is kosher with the uni. Having obtained such answer, ask again later. For added surety, phone the relevant Dean in the central offices. Do it! So you're in and moved to Montreal. Your international tuition, compared to US fees, is laughable. Costs of living in Montreal amaze you for their awesomeness. The drinking age is 18. Time to make some friends.Well, undergrads are normally welcomed hotly by the city (sweltering August heat) and the students association (guzzling beers during Frosh). During the year they can join a swathe of student societies ranging from cultural to athletics, via politics and pure outlandishness.If you're not from Montreal proper, you may feel like an international student. The McGill International Students Network is at your service, wherever you hail from. They organize tons of meet-and-greet events in the first weeks of term, so you can begin establishing networks outside of your department.The Student Society building is a spacious but unsightly dwelling for undergrads looking for a hangout. You're treated to an array of function rooms and commercial catering outlets. Meh.Graduate students, on the other hand, possess their own separate society and their own Grad Club, Thomson House. It's a classy members club arranged on four floors with a great and cheap restaurant in the basement, a bar and several lounges on the ground floor and a massive ballroom on the first. If you're an undergrad, befriend a grad student and enjoy Thomson House hospitality and great beer selection.Location-wise it couldn't be better. The city has a ridiculously low cost of living and rent, Ghetto excluded, is really great. Electricity is at its cheapest in North America, and many apartments come with this included in the rent. If you know your farmers markets, grocery shopping is a breeze. So overall McGill combines the best of most worlds. It is an Anglophone university in the most European city this side of the Atlantic. Everything is within walking distance, including some of the world's best nightlife. The high proportion of international students makes McGill an eye-opening experience for many, while its academic and teaching standards are amongst the highest in the world.Well, my suggestion is to come here and have a blast.
4	An absolutely beautiful campus right in downtown Montreal.  I can't speak much for the quality of the academics, however this school seems to have a pretty good reputation (however, there are currently some negative rankings on princetonreview.com).  I recently submitted a bunch of samples to their Genome Center- and they have been incredibly nice and great with everything. Furthermore, I was able to meet some of their students and biology professor while doing some research in Panama, and they all seemed very happy and had good things to say about the school.  I might be back in Montreal again later this summer, and I will definitely walk through the campus more extensively again, as I'm sure it will be even more beautiful during the summer.
4	This review is only based on the university as a sight seeing opportunity. Based on that, welcome to Hogwarts! the Hospital is just magical. I hate to sound like an American in awe, but dammit, i'm an American in AWE! compared to the many campuses I've seen, McGill is so pretty. I really recommend walking around and seeing the campus!
