4	If you're out for a Sunday stroll The Dalriada is a great place to stop for a pint. If you have the kids with you the climbing frame in the beer garden will keep them busy. Great sea views from the bar, restaurant and large beer garden. There is an enclosed patio area to the rear of the building for those who want to smoke out of the breeze or get a bit of sunbathing in. If its a windy cold day, stop in for some hot food.The Quiz night on Thursday is great fun. Food is served from Monday to Saturday 12 - 3pm & 5 - 9pm, Sunday 12 - 5 pm. Children welcome up to 8pm. Booking advisable, especially at the weekends.
5	A pleasant bar in a converted bed and breakfast.
4	Last time I went to Portobello for a beverage, it resulted in a visit to the Ormelie and the discovery of the wallpaper in the bathroom, which is rather entertaining, it has to be said. However, the whole experience would equal old man pub rather than a 30-something hangout i.e. a wee bitty bit cleaner. Enter in a contender - Dalriada. Live sessions on a Sunday (you may find me there this coming Sunday) that I have yet to check out, pub quiz on a Thursday (that I intruded upon) and some nice views onto the Portobello Promenade and the Firth. Had some decent beer options on tap too i.e. not just Fosters. There are a couple of different rooms and an outdoor area in the back. I need some new watering holes - this will definitely be on the list.
4	Been to this place many times over the years.  The staff are hit or miss for friendliness, but the atmosphere makes up for it.  They have a garden out front and a beer garden out back.  They have live music to enjoy late, especially if staying close by - be forewarned that if you're travelling via public transport to check the times of the buses back into Edinburgh city centre as you may be wandering the beach until the wee hours if you don't.
5	Possibly had my most enjoyable Sunday of the year in here yesterday.So was to meet a friend for lunch yesterday and she suggested rather than fight the crowd's in town lets go to Portobello - I was fairly dubious I must be honest!!So off on the 26 bus we went and a short time later found ourselves at the beach. We wandered around for a good hour and thoughts came to lunch. I was aware of the Espy but my chum had a very low opinion of it so I took out my ever helpful ipohne and checked my Yelp app!Dalriada came up as a four star establishment and so off we went! They call their menu light bites as really it is just a selection of things more than anything else. I went for the cullen skink and my friend the soup. Being Xmas time we decided a mulled wine was also in order.So we sat down in the bay window gazed out at the sea and awaited lunch. It was served with a basket of really nice granary bread. The cullen skink was lovely, nice potato's cooked but still with a bite and importantly lots of big chunks of haddock.That in itself for me would have given it a four stars as a wee day out. As we finished our second glass of mulled wine some musicians arrived and setup. Before we knew it there was 8 or so of them with various instruments playing together or doing solos.The knowledgeable locals and regulars by this point were flooding in! It was packed, a brilliant elderly couple joined us at our table and before you knew it they were our best friends! 6/7 mulled wines followed 0  the brilliant 3 hr music set came and went and Ronnie and Sheena regaled us with stories of their lives spent living in Zimbabwe -- BRILLIANT!!Just the best Sunday in a logn time!!! Great people, food, locals - I encourage you all to check it out!! I will be abck next Sunday for more of the same!!
4	I am torn between 3 & 4 stars - but I decided on 4 due to its wonderful location, hospitality and welcoming atmosphere. There are many outdoor camping tables and seats which make this place the perfect beach pub. Indoors it divides up in 2 areas - since they closed the restaurant bit all is now used for drinking and snacking. The main bar is usually used by a large group of musicians playing diddies and drinking beer. the middle of the floor is mostly kept free for dancing (if you so like and we have seen many a times people doing so) The fireplace is roaring in autumn and wintertime. The place is full at the best of times and packed all other times. Standing room only. There is not much special regarding the beers or other drinks served - apart that it is slightly more expensive than other pubs. They have no real competition as they are the only one for about 15 min (on Bath street  corner you have the Espy) I am still not sure why I am giving this 4 stars - but solely for the summer enjoyment and convenience they get an extra one.
4	What a lovely wee pub! I had the pleasure of visiting Dalriada this weekend as part of a Hen do, after luxuriating in the Turkish baths.  It's in a gorgeous old converted house right on the beach, and if I'm remembering correctly has outdoor seating for patrons to be able to take in the rare sunshine.   We were told we could get tea and cake so I was surprised to discover that it's a proper pub which also has good tea, coffee and cakes for people like us who needed re-hydrating.There was actually a funeral reception (is that the right terminology??) going on, so there were platters of sandwiches and some really awesome music.  Dalriada will definitely be my go-to Portobello pub in the future.
5	Historically, of course, the region of Dalriada was situated on the west coast of Scotland. However, it seems to have landed very comfortably after its migration across the country; now situated entirely within a magnificent turreted seafront house on the eastern coast at Portobello, it could have done a lot worse. With what estate-agents might term a "well-proportioned" garden and a series of bright and cosy adjoining rooms leading from the front door to the bar, it feels as much like a friend's home as it does a beach pub.We arrived on a Sunday to find, to my sheer delight, a session in progress. It seems that live music is a regular feature in the Dalriada week, as if its sweeping views of the ocean weren't sufficient entertainment. A session always, always means extra points from me. I wished I'd brought my mandolin so I could join in, but instead took advantage of the glorious weather to sit on the grass outside and admire the view.As a seaside establishment ought, it caters for pretty much everyone. The bar is well-stocked with a range of beverages and (hoorah) cakes, and they even keep water bowls behind the bar for the many dogs that romp along the sand every day. There was a great family atmosphere when I went, too - little children were out in the garden having a whale of a time.Something that I, a naturally queue-conscious Brit, particularly enjoyed was the bar experience. The bar room itself is a little on the small side and so, rather than the usual game of squashing around the bar and hoping the serving staff have a supernatural ability to remember the order everyone arrived in, there was a nice little linear queue that wimbled out into the next room. That queue scooted along at a good pace, too; that's impressive given the business they were getting on such an unexpectedly gorgeous day.It doesn't all hinge on the weather, though. It seems such a lovely place that I'm almost looking forward to the winter - I do love a bitterly cold walk along the beach and I can't think of a nicer way to round it off than with a spot of music and a hot chocolate while gazing out of the window.Dalriada, please don't go back to the West. Stay here forever so that I can make you part of my every trip to Portobello Beach.
4	Well this place was a surprise. I've been past it countless times on the promenade and never noticed its existence, pretty much because it looks like a big house or hotel and not a welcoming local!Inside it's quirky and original. Lots of mismatched furniture and big windows out to the sea lend even more atmosphere to the place. I only stopped for a couple of beers but it was the ideal place to relax and catch up with a friend. Bar seems well stocked and there was also live music. I believe there's a lot of music throughout the week, so another bonus. Will be back!
4	Excellent, sprawling beach house pub place that feels like a friend's house. Great atmosphere, good live music and jam sessions. Sadly they stop serving their "light bites" menu after 3 pm but will try it again. A great pint and good craic to be found. Worth a visit.
