3	JC Penney and Kohls are one of the few place where you can find Dockers at a reasonable price.  We've been coming to Penney's for years and have found theIr employees friendly and very helpful!
4	When my hubby & I were in high school he got a job here & made me sign up for a credit card. 8 years later & I love having my Penneys card! Aside from all the awesome sales & coupons from JCP, I can use my card at CVS & Sephora.com too. Yesterday I bought 3 tops (all on sale) & used a $15 coupon, bringing my total to $50 & some change. Mind you, all 3 tops were originally $40+. I love saving money just as much as I love spending it!
4	The new and improved JCP.....first time I visited this locale since it was "restructured" I like the open space.....no more clutter anymore with all the 20, 30,40,50, etc....% off sales of racks and racks of clothing. Now however I do miss the chaos somewhat....there were more deals in the past than there seem to be now. Today was 1st Friday which is supposed to be the best deals of the month....however there was not a great selection of items. So because of the lack of selection is why this locale get's only 4 stars.....I truly hope they decide to put more of their items on sale.Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	I do miss the old days in-which they still used coupons and discounts. I used to come out of there with bags of stuff for extremely cheap. Although there new deals are good, they just aren't what they use to be. All in all, you can't go wrong shopping at this location. The staff are pretty friendly and helpful and it is hardly every overly packed, even on the weekends. Win-win in my book!
1	i simply wanted to order 1 blouse when i was at the store on sunday, august 26th.  they must have kept me at the register for 40 minutes.  no one in the store could figure out how to order a blouse on-line.  i will never ver order at this store again !!!!!the manager didn't even know how to order !!!!!!!!  i was given no discount.  no reduction.  nothing !!!!!!!does anybody train the personnel ?  what a waste of my time !
5	Brian in the salon at PV mall is great.  I have been seeing him for several years now and when he puts the "henna" in my have, it is the same color every time.  I would recommend Brian to all.
5	Annette in optical was super helpful!  Friendly, fast and gave us great advice.  Much better selection of kids glasses & sunglasses frames than at Nationwide Vision.  Can't beat the back to school deal.
4	Wish then went back to their great prices all the time pricing structure. But I guess too many people want to wait for sales instead. Still love the place and always find what I need at fair prices.
4	Oh, JCP, you so tricksy. I used to be an avid JCPenney shopper - they had great deals and weekend doorbusters. Then they introduced this 'square' pricing. I baulked at this and stopped going. Then on a whim I decided to stop by again and found they have clearance racks galore. I found shorts and tops for $2.99 a pair! Both men and women! It was shocking and I was in a shopping coma. Bed sheets? No prob - $19 for queen sheets. Earrings - yeah, $2. Since I hadn't been in the store for a while, I noticed they are doing a lot of upgrades. Cash registers at every corner and fancy touch screens. Even the employees carry around iPods (or some version) and use that to ring purchases up. It was so tech savvy. They were even working on adding a Sephora beauty area.I really wish this JCP was much closer to where I currently live. I'd be there all the time!
3	I'm torn on how to review this particular JCPenney location.  We browsed around a bit and I stopped into the bathroom and unfortunately left my phone in there - which I noticed not even five minutes after I left it.  I asked every worker I could find on the second floor if a phone had been turned in and received mostly the same reaction from each - "Nothing was turned into me" and they would walk off.  Not super helpful and no attempt to call other register bases or the office or LP to see if it was turned in anywhere else.So, eventually I was able to find my fiancee and we walked to a register downstairs which was had an employee that was nice enough to point us to the management office and they had my phone turned in by one of their employees. This probably would have been a much quicker find if the personnel upstairs had made a simple phone call down to the office - but all in all my phone was there and turned in so I can't be too frustrated by the situation.Once the fiasco was over, we were able to return to shopping, and we found some really great clearance deals in the baby / children section for both our nieces and stocked up on clothes for the holidays on the cheap!  Got about 15 pieces of clearance summer clothing for $27 - can't beat that pricing!Overall: BNot the best start, but the deals we found really helped to even out the experience. If you need employee help you might want to go elsewhere, but if you know where you are going and like a good deal - this is the spot!
1	JCPenney Portrait Area: DO NOT GET YOUR PHOTOS HEREThis is beyond the WORST service I have ever received in my life. I have been to many portrait studios over the years for Xmas photos, my child's yearly photos, family photos,etc. Never have I ever been so disappointed in my life. First off, my appointment was scheduled at 12:20 pm. Not only did I arrive 20 minutes beforehand, but the studio was packed and I was told they were 20 minutes behind schedule. Well guess what, you were an hour behind!!! There were at least 4 groups of people ahead of me and you have only 2 photographers. Second of all, when I patiently waited to have my pictures finally taken, the photographer breezed through it. I had to ask her twice to look at some of the photos and guess what my child's eyes were FUCKING closed. Seriously? You're job is a photographer - she's 6. She's not screaming in your face and she smiles on cue. Why the FUCK can't you make sure she's looking directly at you and her eyes are not shut? Plus, the photographer spent like what? 10 minutes during our session because yes, I know you guys are behind, but wow I'm paying for photos that are going to my family, so have some respect and give me some common courtesy. Unlike the two other moms before me that told you people off I was actually patient sitting there with my child not creating a fuss at the studio. Guess that doesn't work!!! (By the way, those 2 moms didn't even get good photos either). Third of all, when I was done with my session, guess what. No one showed me my pictures. I saw the computers opened and found my name and found, I don't know, maybe 1 out of the 3 pictures I thought was okay. It wasn't even great because if you look through our album, my daughter's eyes were either closed or she wasn't even looking at the camera. And when I was finally done then someone comes over "Oh no, no one helped you?" Yeah no shit. And then you try to sell me on more products? My photos are already like shit, why the fuck would I get my Xmas cards from you?!?! I don't even know if I want to use them on my card. I might just go to the park and have a random stranger take a picture of my daughter and I and it would look better than the photos you guys took. Needless to say, you guys need to spread out your appointments more. 20 minutes in between sessions with 2 photographers on a week before Thanksgiving? The company should know better. And oh yeah, you guys ALSO ran out of photo CDs so I have to come back in a week to even get my digital images. Thanks a lot!I would be more pissed off if I paid regular price for this session at all. Luckily I got the $25 JCPenney photo Groupon like most of the moms did and one of the employees actually said that was worth $150?! Haha. Seriously? I just took professional family photos with my daughter for $300 and I had a photographer and assistant for a whole hour with three outfit changes. I will never go here or recommend this place to anyone. In fact, I Yelp on a daily basis and you will be seeing my review up for this store.Oh yes and I know some of you are probably thinking, well you get what you paid for, but honestly, if you're going to be that bad DON'T PUT YOUR COMPANY ON GROUPON
2	I dislike the PV Mall and try to avoid it as much as possible but I was on a hunt for a specific pair of Dockers trousers for my husband that I couldn't find at Macy's so I ended up here. I interrupted a couple of chatting teenaged sales clerks to find out that Menswear was upstairs. When I located the escalator it was fenced off and out of order so I had to find either the stairs or the elevator. I found out later that the escalator had already been out of order for a couple of weeks! The sales guy that attempted to help me was very sweet but he must come to work on a short bus. I told him the style I needed - a 36 waist and 34 inseam. He must have brought me about 6 different pairs , none of which were 36-34. I literally had to ask him if he knew that 38 was not the same as 36!  I finally found the proper pair myself, and they were on sale, so Penney's earned a purchase and a 2nd star. I will not be returning voluntarily.
5	This was my first visit to JC Penny's Optical department. Everyone was very helpful and very knowledgeable. I was able to get a eye exam the same day too. This was my first time ordering progressive lens an in doing so they took their time in explaining and answering any and all my questions. They were very professional and they had a nice selection of frames in all different price ranges and styles.The plus was they also took my insurance (Cigna vision)
5	Wide selection of what I was looking for, which the other JCP that's closer to me doesn't. Rosalinda provided excellent customer service!
