3	This place is okay. The facilities are fairly clean and the place is quite modern. It's well staffed and it doesn't generally seem to get too hot or too cold for me, which is good because working out in a hot gym can be a nightmare. The membership price also allows you to take many classes (not the cycling ones though) if you're looking for that. Being a member also entitles you to visit any other Nautilus Plus gym such as the one downtown which could be nice if there's one near your workplace too.There are some problems though. Biggest one is definitely the price. At a student rate (which I believe is a 20% discount) for 6 months I'm paying a little over $70 per month which I would never do if I was living here long-term. They don't make the price that clear either, keeping it off the website and rather than charging by month they charge you every two weeks.They're also quite pushy about getting you to pay more. I was really stretching my limit paying this much in the first place but absolutely expect that you want to pay extra for various programs they have set up that are basically getting a workout routine and a diet. At the cheapest ("Bronze" program) these will double the price you pay and it goes up from there (basically you get more sessions with the trainer or dietician the more you pay). If, like me, you just want a gym to work out in and don't need any of that then you'll have an uphill battle. I tried humouring them by listening to the various offers but that was probably a mistake in hindsight. I'd say just tell them up-front that you have no interest in any of that if you really don't.The other big problem is that for some strange reason there is only one squat rack. In my experience this has always been on of the most widely used pieces of equipment by both men and women and that seems to be the case here as well. The problem is that since there is just one, when I come at even a moderately busy time (say 10 or 11 am on a weekday) I almost always have to wait to use this. Because there is just one, whoever has it tends to spend a long time at it too to get as much done as possible so I usually find myself waiting at least 30 minutes for it unless I come in early, and once I didn't get to use it at all. I can't understand why they would decide to have just one of these, it would almost be like having just one treadmill. The last gym I was in had 4.It would be nice if they installed some clocks around the place to keep track of rest times instead of me having to bring my own. They have TVs with digital clocks on them in the weights area and those are useful but they often cut away from the clock to show ads instead which is pretty annoying.For some reason there are often a small group of homeless people living in the entrance to the building blocking the ATM downstairs which can be a bit off-putting too.The only other problem I can think of is that many of the men's lockers are damaged. The hook part of several of them is damaged so that they can't open or close without being forced. It's not that big a deal but for the price of the place you would expect better. I'm not sure what the showers were like since I always go home to shower.I honestly chose this gym for location more than anything as it's about a 3 minute walk from where I live so I guess if you don't mind the high price and live nearby I would recommend it.
4	This is my local gym. Being a member I have also attended their other gyms downtown (One on McGill and St Caths inside Place Montreal Trust and the other near St Laurent and St Caths)My trainer Ghislain is awesome. He is not the boot camp style drill sergeant who screams at you. He works around your strengths and weaknesses and tries to make you improve them.My nutritionist Rascha is great. She not about restricting foods but about making better and informed choices.
