1	Avoid this place unless you like to waste money on a dump!  In the first month we lived here, we had our stove replaced twice, our dishwasher, closet door in the kitchen. Then our AC went out and they argued with us about it, saying it was fine. Finally it was "replaced" a month later, and it still doesn't work well. We have a flasher that targets children, thieves and management doesn't care.  The grounds are terrible and they have told us for 9-months that they are working on it. They say they are checking on fire alarms or changing our light bulbs so they can inspect our appts. I cannot wait until our lease is up.
2	not a great management company or maintenance techs. the grounds are decent though in constant state of repair or renovation since i moved in a year ago. for the price i would expect a little more but i guess money doesn't go as far as it used to. i have done the majority of repairs on the unit myself, and was shocked that they would even rent said unit out to someone in the condition it was in. my fiance was in a bind to move and hurried threw all the formalities of move in. i am worried now what will be considered our responsibility when we move out.
5	I moved into The Fairways about two years ago and it is a great community.  It has undergone a transformation since new management has stepped in.  Painted, parking lots, pool.  It looks great.  The office team is awesome and very responsive.  It is close to my work, close to the golf course (literally right off the golf course).  I love it here and plan on renewing.  They always take care of us and seem like the genuinely care not like the prior management.  I have and will continue to refer my friends.  Thank you Fairways!
1	This place absolutely sucks! Avoid! Not only are these places insanely over priced for what you get but When we first moved in, our dish washer was broken and dryer! Talking to other tenants they all had some sort of broken appliance upon move in. They do send some one to "fix" them, but they jimmy rig it and never actually fix it! Maybe during the "remodel" you should have got new appliances that work instead of just painting the walls and adding new counter tops to justify paying for these outdated apartments! Half of our rent goes to the over abundance of landscapers that leaf blow all the leaves from one part of the complex to the other and to the overkill of marketing signs littering the entrance ways claiming these are luxury apartments...Which is a far fetch from reality! After being flashed at the gym and management doing nothing about it, my family and I don't feel safe. Oh and make sure to really read your lease, any pictures hung with any sort of adhesive material, screws or nails you've instantly lost your security deposit which is conveniently looked over as they read through your lease with you among other things. If you can't afford a nice car because you're paying an absurd amount for these apartments then it is considered an "eye sore" and they can tow it as they please!  By the way they offered me a $200 raffle to write a good review for them a week after I moved in! Sorry fairways maybe you'll learn to not false advertise to people! Needless to say the end of my lease couldn't come any faster and I will never recommend these apartments to anyone. AVOID!!!!
