4	It's all about execution, baby!  As an operations guy I really appreciate the execution I see at In & Out burger again and again.  Since moving to AZ I have made probably 15 total visits to In & Out burger spread over 5-6 locations.  Not once has there been the slightest mistake on my order.Not once has an employee been anything less than polite and efficient.While In & Out is not the greatest burger on earth it is pretty good and has been 100% consistent across locations and visits.That's execution, baby.Stark contrast to a local McDonald's where it has actually become an amusing stat for us to follow.  They have not gotten an order right for us.  Ever.
5	In and out is the bee's knees!!I only started hitting this place in the past few years but people in England would freak if they had this.Excellent food(For fast food) made in front of youSometimes you have to wait but well worth it. Gives fat burger a run for the moneyMuch ALOHA thereA.B.
5	In & Out Burger is my FAVORITE.  I could have one of their burgers any day, at any time.  Hands down, my favorite.   DYING for them to expand and come east!!Reviewing this location in Phoenix as it was the last one I visited.  I was with over a dozen rowdy softball players, and they put together our entire order in no time.  Their locations are always clean, with classic decor and super friendly staff.  I've heard that they pay their employees very well, so they're in turn loyal, and treat the customers (and prepare the food) very well.The menu is simple, and everything on it is fantastic.  You can't go wrong.
5	The five stars is because this is the BEST fast food burger joint in the USA.The food is hot and fresh, the menu is small so it keeps things simple and dang if the burgers are mouthwatering delicious.  This is the best thing to come out of california next to fake boobs.Parking is a pain, and there is usually a line (inside).  Avoid at all costs at lunchtime, it's PACKED, and that includes the drive-thru.  If you can't stand the line, there many alternatives within walking distance.Oh, and get a milkshake!
5	Just eat there. Its amazing. Oh and order from the "secret menu" you can get a mix of flavors for your shake. I personally LOVE LOVE  LOVE the shakes I think they are amazing! Along with the burgers and the fresh cut fries!! MMMMM
4	Very tasty! But omg the fries have like 500 plus calories and grease, I usually skip on those cuz my stomach can't handle alot of grease, their double double cheese burgers are really good!
4	I LOVE IT!!! this one ha super fast service!
1	The most mediocre and disappointing burger experience in a restaurant ever. I suppose the hype about this place (especially after seeing The Big Lebowski) built it up to be a transcendental experience didn't help matters much. The long wait makes matters worse. Here it is: The burger; OK, not much to it, nothing flavorful or special. Big Boy in the old days was 10 times better. The fries were the most pitiful sight I've seen, the taste (or lack of ) was worse. I forced myself to consume them, but after several fries gave up. Not hot, not crispy, no substance, just awful.  Save your money and go to Culver's to experience a real greasy burger.
5	The best fast food burgers
5	Best fries because they are fresh. Protien burgers and x x x burgers are fun. Secret menu is the bomb.
5	Consistently awesome. Best burger and fries in Gilbert.
5	So many Burger Places So Little Time......We LOVED In and Out Burger So Much that we SKIPPED our visit to Paradise Bakery & Cafe! GREAT BURGER AND EVEN BETTER FRIES.........Our 1st Visit was at 10:30 PM on a Weeknight and the Place was Busy!  People eating inside and outside...and lots of Cars in the Drive Through Waiting to place Orders To Go..... Can't wait to return during our next visit to AZ:):)
5	In-N-Out is incredible. If you have not ever been here, you need to go! They have yummy fries and burgers. If your vegetarian, they have a burger for that. Also, be sure to ask about their "Secret Menu" - I like Animal Style fries.
4	Of course, everyone loves themselves some In-N-Out Burger!Service: Quick, efficient service! I always see lines dozens of cars deep, so I have definitely sat in a 20 minute line to satisfy an intense In-N-Out craving before... however we ventured inside this time and had our food within 5 minutes.Tip: Supposedly you should ask about a secret menu, which entails something called "Animal Style", which is a really saucy-grilled-oniony version of the original. So if you like that, go balls to the wall. Apparently you can get your french fries Animal Style too, which actually sounds pretty good.Location: This particular location was a real mess. Dirty tables everywhere, crap all over the floors. Real shame too, because there were employees just standing around most of the time.
5	Best fast food joint around for the price.  Forget about Ronald McDonald and The King.
4	Love it !  Everytime I come to Arizona or head West I grab a burger animal style!
4	Well done, animal style, no pickles. That's all that needs to be said.
5	Always great clean food. I eat there all the time and they are so good about not making a mistake on the order. Competitors sometimes dont listen to your order and are inaccurate at high volumes but them manage to stay accurate even when they are extremely busy.
5	Love this In & Out location, the cashiers and kitchen are extremely fast and my food always tastes excellent.Never been a big fan of their fries, but love the cheeseburgers and milkshakes!
5	So tempting to stop by late at night. Open til 1am.
5	I just moved here from CA, so you can imagine my delight when i found one of our own here :-)  Just as good as the ones in CA with the added benefit of a shorter line!! We went at 8pm on a Friday (when it would be out the door and around the block in CA) and walked right up to order. Delicious! :-)
5	I have gone through the drive through several times and I have always been greeted with the friendliest staff I have ever experienced at a fast food restaurant.  Combine that with the amazing food, this restaurant is now my favorite burger place.
5	i really developed an addiction living so close to an in and out burger.....Oh it was so easy to swing by and get my burger fix in.  I cannot say enough about them....they blow away any other fast-good burger---i think five guys strives to be as good.....but they are not.....If you ever want me to shut up---give me a cheeseburger...
4	Fast and friendly staff! Get the double double with only cheese. Just like a grilled cheese with some tasty patties. Trust me, it's better than a traditional cheese burger!
4	Fasts friendly service very clean and always a tasty burger!
4	Yummy !!! Always a favorite place to go to when in town. How can something so simple be so delicious, and yet sometimes overrated but since Oregon doesn't have the chain, I always have to indulge when possible. :)
5	It's In n Out, so it's awesome and we all know this. Always a line at the drive-through, but the service is fast, and I don't think I've ever had anything wrong with my order. They don't have a specific kids menu, but they do offer stickers to kids, and as far as my kid is concerned, stickers are as good as any toy.
5	I ordered a protein burger and it was great!  The team was super friendly and helpful! They showed me where to look for the "secret menu" too. There were several customers in line and in the drive thru line, but the team seemed to control the pace of the everything and managed the stressful situation well! I will go back for more food in the future.
5	With out a doubt I will always love In n Out Burger.  Moving back west and being able to pick up a burger and fries from my favorite fast food restaurant will never grow old.  Five Guys has nothing on this classic Southern California burger joint.  Gotta love it...
4	Food is excellent like ALWAYS, however this is a busy location and sometimes the waiting can be a little overbearing.
5	Mmmm!!! Guilty pleasure. But clean, fast and friendly! Love love love it, once a year lol.
5	This place has always had great service every time I eat there. Keep up the good work! I highly recommend adding grilled onions and chopped peppers to your burger...delicioso!!!
4	Yum. In-N-Out. Simple burgers done right! What I like most is that the buns are toasted and has no sesame seeds, the grilled onions option, and that you can get it protein style if you want a low carb option. I also like that you can ask for them to add chopped chiles if want to add some spice to your burger!
2	Food is great. However, a manager named Yael (Can't remember the spelling on the name tag) was SO incredibly rude to the workers. During a 5 minute period when I ordered and waited for my food, she was sarcastic and degrading to two young people working the registers. The food may be good, but if you treat your staff like crap,  you lose me as a customer! Disgusting. Shame on you, Yael!
5	*****FIVE STARS***** the best of the best, the crowd was big but got fast service too. the manager Yael supervises a team of over 50 youthful energetic employees and that in of its self is a strong indication of what this young women can do. she could coach a team and take them to the world series. the large food order for the 8 of us was all correct and hot when served.thank you in n out & Yael.
5	Best hamburger place in Queen Creek/San Tan Valley area!!!!
1	We LOVE In & Out Burger, and have NEVER had a problem with the service at ANY OTHER location...EVER! However, at this location, I have driven through the drive through just for a Dr. Pepper, and I have never gotten my order right yet! How hard is a Large Dr, Pepper???? I mean REALLY?!?! Both times, I drive up & am given a medium...when I politely inform the workers that I ordered a Large, I am asked, "Oh, would you like to upgrade that?" and then was asked for the $$$ difference!!! The last time I was there, I did, again politely, tell the employee that I ordered a Large Dr. Pepper, he disagreed and basically implied that I was not telling the truth, it is my mistake, and said that according to the receipt that I ordered a medium, and one again, asked if I wanted to upgrade for an extra charge. WOW, did he really think I didnt know what I ordered, like I just forgot? I really should not written this, no big deal right? I guess I am still just annoyed. That is ok, there are pleny of other In & Out  Burgers to go to! ;)
3	blah, I tried In & Out once in LA, but I was with people in a hurry and couldn't really remember my experience. So, I decided to give it another try in AZ. (I'm from the eastcoast) Honestly I have no idea what the hype's about. The burger was alright, but just too damn greasy on the buns I have no idea why my friends don't eat McDonalds but eat this stuff. I almost saw no difference. Not sure how I feel about this place. It's good, just too damn greasy in my opinion.
5	I always go to this location it is very professional. The store is always clean and the employees are very nice. They are very fast, less than a 5 minute wait.
4	Always good
1	We tried a few burger joints while on the west coast and noticed this brand of burgers to be on every corner. When we pulled up at this location the line was wrapped around the building, so I assumed--this must be a good burger joint.. Umm wrong. We went inside and the menu is not that big. You can either get just a regular hamburger or a double patty cheeseburger and a few other options. I ordered a double patty cheeseburger. The burger was just ok--nothing spectacular about the taste, maybe I am missing something but five guys had them beat a 101 percent. My husband ordered a strawberry shake, and it tasted like a shake from Burger King---just syrup and ice cream. Last but not least, we placed an order for french fries and they were just gross! The fries we received were hard, crunchy, and they tasted stale. I saw the gentlemen in the back area peeling and cutting the fries to be cooked so the taste of these fries really surprised me. I am not going to spend very long on this review because I wasn't impressed and it didn't seem like this company put much thought into their food or menu.
5	They are just good - there was a line in the drive thru about 2pm on a Sunday but it went quickly and the food was correct as ordered and great tasting - just a simple good burger and fries done right!
