5	Dr. Randy Leavitt is the best Doctor ever.Not only did Gilbert Pediatrics provide the greatest level of care to my newborn, they went the extra mile with their compliments and customer service.I actually owe many thanks to Dr. Leavitt and the people of Gilbert Pediatrics for taking a thoughtful moment and giving a very considerate and well thought recommendation for my wife as to which OBGYN she should see. Turned out to be one of the greatest suggestions as he discovered certain things early which allowed us to resolve a medical condition that would have become much worse.Thanks again Gilbert Pediatrics and I highly recommend this as the primary choice for those of you in Gilbert.
1	I done with Gilbert Peds. I have been taking my daughter to the Greenfield and Baseline office since she was born, six years ago. And this week was the straw that broke the camels back. Never, not once in all these years have they ever been on time. Not even when I've sent my husband to take our daughter. We were in the office on Friday and needed to return on Tuesday. Arrived at 3:20 for a 3:30 appointment, didn't get into our room until 4:15. After telling the nurse of my frustrations the doctor was in our room by 4:25. I understand that doctors can't anticipate how long an unexpected diagnosis might take, but I've given 6 years of excuses for this office---it just comes down to a poorly run office. Not to mention the office itself is uninviting and not very kid friendly. Used dirty childrens books in the rooms and LDS materials for adult.
1	At twilight care the receptionist typed in my sons birthday wrong (found out later) so the insurance would not go through.  They let my 9 month old projectile vomite for over an hour until we figured out her mistake.  She was very uncaring & rude.  She didn't care how sick he was, the insurance better come through.  After she corrected her mistate, they let us back.  The Doc on call said...nothing they could do take him to ER.  They could tell us that while he was vomiting & crying in the waiting room?!  SO UNCARING!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this office!!! I've been going to them since my first son was born 6.5 years ago. 3 kids later I still love them and their doctors. I normally see Dr. Leavitt but I have seen each doctor and PA and they are all wonderful. Yes of course sometimes they get behind, but what doctors office doesn't especially when dealing with children? I've gone to them for well visits, ear aches, bronchitis, stitches, etc. and have always felt like they've given the best care possible.(PS It says there are only 6 reviews for this office, but at the bottom of the page are 5 filtered reviews... I don't understand why Yelp wouldn't show all the reviews???)
1	Terrible bedside manner.My son needed his immunizations updated.  We went in on Monday June 23rd.  His appointment was at 8:20am.  Upon arrival, the front desk asked me if I knew whether or not his immunizations were covered or not.  I told her the last time my son was in,  they were covered. Our insurance hadn't changed besides our id #. But I was willing to pay for the office copay in the event that it wasn't.  She accepted this answer and took my payment. A few minutes later, we were called to the back,  my son's height, weight and temperature was taken and then we were brought back to the exam room.  She took my son's vitals and then asked me if my son's immunizations were covered.  I explained to her that I thought they were and I had already talked to the front office and paid my son's office copay in the event it wasn't covered.  She sighed loudly, and rudely interrupted me and told me that I HAD to contact my insurance company and my son wouldn't be seen until I done so.  She stated the Dr. had 1 more patient ahead of us and that I had plenty of time to verify my son's coverage.Why not tell me this as I was making my son's appointment?  Why wait until I am already in the back?  Is this policy new?  We've been going there for over 2 years and this is the 1st I've been asked to do this. Their reason for not verifying benefits was because it takes too long for them to do it and that parents can figure out the information quicker than they can because they ask questions that the office is unable to answer.I find this explanation ridiculous.  All a provider's office needs to verify benefits is the primary's social security, birth date and/or id. Plus, they are able to verify benefits online, phone and fax.  This is just a lazy practice.If you go on their website, they encourage you to know the benefits but will bill our insurance accordingly and in the event there is a balance, we pay for it.  However, they do not follow this policy and FORCE parents to call and REFUSE service until you do it.  Why not just ask a parent to know this information as they are booking their appointments?I spoke to the office manager, Gail, about my experience and she seemed unmoved. She said they ask parents to contact our insurance while they wait in the waiting room and then also give (force) parent's another opportunity to contact their insurance again as they sit in the exam room in the back.  I guess the "No cell phone use beyond this point" sign is just for looks.  How about respecting the parent's decision and not forcing parents to do something that they've already discussed beforehand.  I pointed out that I looked at their policies their website.  It's stated that they encourage for parents to know their benefits but will bill our insurance if we don't know our coverage and will be responsible for the balance.  Why was I forced to verify benefits if their policy online states otherwise?  Please keep in mind, my boys have been coming to this office for the last 2 years and we have never been asked to verify our boys' benefits ourselves - not once.Seriously, as an adult, what office has made you verify your own benefits and get explanation of benefits while you are at a doctor's office?  Just think about that. I would like to point out, my review is based on my experience with the medical assistant (don't remember her name) and office manager, Gail.  This is not a review for the pediatricians.  My boys have seen both Dr. Carroll and Dr. Jax.  Luckily for us, we don't visit the Dr.'s office often, but the Pediatricians have always been professional and given the best care possible.
1	I have been taking my three kiddos to Gilbert Peds since they were born. I have since decided to find a different pediatrician for them. We started off with Dr. Auxier but after he kept asking me why I was not Mormon any more and saying that my husband would be a great priesthood holder, we decided to change doctors, giving the practice another shot. We started seeing Sam Shumway, and he appeared to be just amazing. I referred tons of people to him because I really did like him. The last visit we were at I was there for my 3 and 4 year old. They both had ear infections and strep. I asked him about my 2 year old and he just checked her over since we were there. I asked him and even offered to schedule another appointment to take care of her if need be, but he did it as a favor since I was already there. Pretty awesome if you ask me. Before the end of the appointment, he does what he usually does, he looked me in the eye and said if I need anything, call him. So the next day, when my two year old that he just checked over spiked a fever, I called and left a message. The nurse, who had been completely flat out wrong anytime I have ever asked her for advice, tried giving me advice but had no clue that Sam had looked over my little one the day before, as it wasn't notated. Totally a favor. No big deal, I ask her to please have HIM call me since he would know the situation. A few hours later, the same nurse called me back and said that Sam was slammed and couldn't call me back and continued to give me advice even though she didn't know the situation. Moral of the story, he didn't honor his words when he said to call him with questions. Honestly made me feel like he isn't truly a doctor who can provide care for my children. Bummer. We have since been black listed because of a balance past due. They didn't have my new phone number, and I was too angry to call and pay the balance. But the other reviewer who said he was blacklisted is credited because it happened to us too. We are paying it, but it's a sure sign that this is no longer the place for us. The billing lady, Jamie, is awesome. But the front staff is always dry and the nurse is dead wrong every time. Once told me to Rush to the office because my son had "RSV" which ended up just being a cough, and another time said that my daughter, who was 4 months old just had a cold and it was no big deal, I finally took her in and she had double ear infections. A big bummer, but I am optimistic that we will find a pediatrician who seems like they actually care about the kiddos.
3	We bring our daughter here since she was born 5 years ago. I have to honestly said that Dr Leavitt and Dr Guthrie are great doctors. Sometimes when she fell ill and in order to have a peace of mind,  we simply brought her in. I do not see them trying to "sell' me medication by prescribing any kind of prescriptive drugs if is unnecessary. All they advise me is I have a choice to go and buy some medicine over the counter, or just let her rest and drink plenty of water! I am somewhat 'old fashion' and don't believe in feeding too much drugs for my kid.I have to say that the waiting time is always long even is a scheduled appointment. Waited in the front desk can be quick, but after the nurse called you in and take the kid's temperature, weight etc. there is another round of waiting, as bad as more then 40 mins. The entire visit can be simply 10mins but take 1-hour or more to see the Dr.I understand this is a busy office operating in 2 locations, and when you call the front desk to schedule any kind of appointment, whoever answer it always seems to ask you to hold....somewhat under-staff?!
5	We had a newborn at Banner Gateway.  We made a followup visit with Dr.Leavitt.  We are new to this practice.  Registration paperwork was easy.  We were called back within minutes of our appointment.  The doctor came in promptly.  Bedside manner was great.  We will be back.
2	I had the day off of work and decided to accompany my wife to our 9months old shots. We have a 7 yr and 10 yr old that have seen the same doctor. As a dad I can honestly say my visits have been minimal. Today confirmed this reason.Bothered by bad to say about our dr, DR Guthrie, but let me share my experience.We arrived 15min early to our appointment to be told that the Dr is not in today for "Our appointment" but that another dr was seeing  his Patients and was more than double booked. The front office lady said she couldn't tell us how long we would have to wait. Since we weren't rushed we opted to wait. The front office is not friendly and lacks basic customer service skills. Needless to say we have been sitting here for 20minutes with no communication, so I have decided to communicate to the community! Another major problem with our healthcare providers, nothing more frustrating than scheduling an appointment.
