5	The night I got into Pittsburgh, Natalia and I wound up at the Double Wide Grill. This place used to be an auto shop. I would have loved to see the making of process this place went through. The lamps hanging above the tables are old oil cans. The old garage doors are bolted up to the ceiling as skylights. There is an old truck above the bar area. It's really a creative space. The booths are comfortable. The layout is a bit strange, but it totally works. We got wings to start which were some of the best wings I've had and I am a lover of wings. Then I went on a potato roll and ordered garlic herb mashies and potato tacos. What was I thinking? Yeah, even as delicious as the potatoes were, I regretted it 1/3 of the way through my potato tacos. There is only so much potato that you can eat in one sitting and I overshot that. Oops! Next time I come back I'm going to venture out. Maybe by then they'll add pulled chicken to the menu. Why do lots of southern cookin' type places have this ridiculous aversion to pulled chicken!?
1	I can honestly sum up my experience at the Double Wide Grill as "not impressed".  I visited the place for a group get together.  Unfortunately, the "party room" they have is so small that the 20-30 of us were unable to really mingle much.  The company at my table was great, but other then that, there is nothing about the menu that makes me want to rush back to the Double Wide.Now the rest of the restaurant with its inside and outside openness I have to admit is pretty cool - as an environment to eat in, sure why not. On the other hand, its not so appealing to me to sit outside on a corner lot directly across from a co-go to consume my food.Now, I know it is a lot to handle a big group of people. However, I am pretty sure the coordinator of this event called in advance. There was only one waiter serving us - which is not an easy task. On the other hand, I ordered a diet coke at the same time the five people on my table requested refills.  They all got their beers, teas, water, whatever. Me - I had to request diet coke again when she came out to take our orders 15 minutes later. Visiting on a Sunday, we had the brunch menu. I was disappointed that there was not as much lunch food offered as there was breakfast. It was one in the afternoon and I was well past wanting to eat french toast or eggs.  They have a small handful of burgers - where the primary variety is choose the meet and then choose the options. OK - fine - if I hadn't had hamburgers that were SO GOOD at my own house.  The only other option other then wings or soup was an avocado club sandwich. So I went with that. It sounds like it has potential in the menu. It was the closest to a turkey club (something I would figure would be standard on a brunch menu) I could get. The waitress came back later and asked me what I wanted as my side, I said fries. I also ordered up a bowl of chili - my favorite food of all time.The avocado club came out first. Essentially what sounded good in the menu turned out to be two slices of toast with sliced avocado and a sprinkling of jalapenos. There was supposed to be some sort of pesto on this as well, but I sure as heck couldn't taste it or see it. In fact, the overwhelming thought I had was - wow, um, why not just give me a plate of avocado.  Instead of fries, they gave me a side of fruit salad. **Grumble** The fries served with the burgers looked good.The chili, if you can call it that, came out about five minutes later. It had the consistency of a beef stew, and honestly taste wise was not very far off.  OK, I AM a chili snob, I know - but come on - it's chili. And if you are calling it Jail-house chili, it should have some sort of punch - some spiciness of some sort. But really, had I not "known" it was chili, I would have thought they served me stew. The only bonus, they had the right kind of beef in it - you know - stew beef - or chili beef when the seasoning says its chili. :) I had to ask for cheese to put on top, which I got the look of "huh cheese?" but got a small little serving of that. It would have been better served with a side of jalapenos and onions to mix in too - so I stole some jalapenos from my sandwich.Oh, and all this ample blandness cost me $20 (food, beverage and tip).The company was at least good - and maybe if I do go back with a small group/one other person - or for breakfast or dinner I will be happier - those eating breakfast foods seemed to enjoy it though the Canadian bacon was also canned. But as brunch and big groups go, big thumbs down - it will take a lot to convince me that this place is worth more then just a unique environment.
5	I had been hearing a lot about this place and was excited to finally try it out!  The service was not out-of-control great, but the food was, and it was an overall pleasant experience.We went at about 9 pm on a Friday, and sat outside, which was great fun, and the BBQ was in full effect, the charcoal smelling awesome.  One thing that was a bummer was that we were excited to try the sweet-potato-and-carmelized-onion croquette appetizer on the menu, only to be told when ordering that they were out of sweet potatoes.  Bummer!  We settled for the onion rings, and they were great, a huge portion with some amazing sauce.I got a burger with the fresh fries, a mountain of them, which were delicious.  I also tried a frozen mojito, which was something I had never tried, but was also tasty.I like the atmosphere here and I will most definitely be back!
5	Probably one of my favorite new restaurants in Pittsburgh.  I have eaten here several times and don't expect great service from a bunch of 16 year old punk rock kids, BUT they offer veggie buffalo wings which I have not found anywhere else in Pittsburgh.  They have a nice menu, reasonably priced.  Neat place in general
3	This was a nice place to grab lunch. We sat outside on the patio, in what used to be a service bay. The atmosphere is pretty cool, if you're into "early gas station." I can work with it. I wanted a Bloody Mary and it was pretty good. Not the best ever, but decent. My salad was honestly underwhelming...the goodies I ordered on top - avocado, steak, and cheese - were in very short supply, and since you pay extra for each, that didn't go over well with me. Vinaigrette dressing way really good, though. I appreciate the attempt at vegetarian versions of traditional barbecue and appetizer options. I don't need them, but I think it's cool to offer these options for people who do. This was the last place I ate in Pittsburgh and it left me with a good impression of the city's dining scene. At least it was a little different from the norm.
2	Good beer selection, great people watching, best patio on the Southside easily.Food could use some improvement, service can be nightmarish, prices are very high for what you get, and there is a real lack of decent specials. They have some good ones but they are very short - 9pm-11pm for food (and only if you eat in the bar side) - and I'm not even sure if they do drink specials. This place has so much potential. I am really hoping for some improvement in these categories. Even with those negatives, this place is still worthwhile for the attractive crowd - especially on a bright sunny day on the patio.
4	As I was in town strictly to imbibe, I didn't have chance to try the food at the Double Wide, but the restaurant was a spectacle by itself. The renovated service station motif was executed brilliantly, with no detail spared. Drinks were awesome, and we were happy to have the opportunity to enjoy the sunshine a little as there were many other places within walking distance that weren't able to offer outdoor seating. We went up and down the cocktail menu and thoroughly enjoyed everything that we were fortunate enough to sample. Some of the signatures, such as the highly advertised frozen mojito, didn't pack too much of a punch, but whatever. The wait staff was very attentive and kind, and prices weren't out of control. Great spot at which to waste an afternoon.
4	Who knew such a place that just screams "huge baskets of wings and double burgers" would be so vegetarian friendly? Around my 21st birthday I had a hard time finding a mojito, so we stopped in here and got appetizers. Junk yard nachos and crab, black bean, and corn fritters were fantastic. I also discovered that mojito's aren't as good as they sound, but atleast they used real mint leaves!
4	Double Wide Grill is an old gas station converted to a bar and grill. I am a sucker for places like this! The corner spot is perfect for the bikers who hang out there and the eclectic decor is cool.I ordered a Hogaarden, which I get very excited to see on a menu and I got Tilapia tacos for dinner. Never had that kind of fish taco before, and living in San Diego has made me accustomed to getting breaded fish or Mahi Mahi grilled. I loved the Tilapia though! It came with a side of rice and black beans too.The food was better than expected, based on just the overall feel of the place. They had a few veggie options like grilled tofu and a veggie burger. Good for families, large parties and just plain old fun!
4	I visited the Double Wide for one reason only: the vegetarian seitan wings, and they didn't disappoint. The seitan isn't that rubbery stuff you are in danger of getting anytime you order seitan at a new restaurant. In fact, to my delight it is almost a seitan-tempeh hybrid with just a hint more texture that really serves its special purpose of being turned into wings. With three choices for sauce (BBQ, spicy, or honey garlic), you can bet I've been back for seconds, and I don't even live in Pennsylvania. And how can you have wings without beer? They have a pretty respectable list and a patient staff who helped my wife and I get exactly what we were looking for on more than one visit. We even ventured into the food menu once and enjoyed almost everything we tried. If you're like me, the heavy-handed theme of the restaurant may be a bit of a turn off, but give it a chance. As it turns out, it is not one of those chains your parents dragged you to as a kid.
3	The Doublewide embodies a lot of conflicting emotions for me. PRO: I believe they have the greatest seitan wings & pulled seitan sandwiches in town - this can go a long way for a vegetarian. CON: I am decidedly uncomfortable with their version of "Southern garage" culture. Section 8 meals? Oh god. I'm actually from a place with Southern "hick" mechanics, and it is a little excruciating to see realities be turned into themes. PRO: Their beer draft lift is exciting, with a nice balance between old friends and new adventures. CON: The brunch is gross. Veggie menu options are slim and everything we ordered was just gross. Brunch is very important to me, almost sacred. The service is almost always fantastic, though, the servers are quick and knowledgeable. The food is solid & portions are manageable yet filling, but the seitan wings are a-mazing. I think the price point is a little high, but I guess it's alright to indulge in dressed-up down-home faves occasionally. The chairs and tables are big & sturdy, and the decor is some creative mash-up of a service station and a shiny corporate restaurant. Good place to take a date: It's not so loud you can't talk, and I've never been gay-bashed there or anything.
3	The converted gas station makes for a cool, fun atmosphere and it was nice to have an al fresco brunch on a beautiful day.  But my breakfast burrito was pretty bland and the service was not that attentive.
3	Double Wide Grill has a pretty laid back, chill atmosphere. I had Sunday brunch here and was pretty satisfied with my meal. I ordered the Double Wide Benedict and devoured it quickly, mostly because I was starving at the time. The order was nothing spectacular, but it was a solid plate. The poached eggs were nicely done, and the hollandaise was good. They have a regular Eggs Benedict, but the Double Wide is unique because it is on corn bread rather than the English muffin. The salty sweet combo made it different and rather enjoyable. If you're looking for some outdoor dining, they have a nice area outside, which they call their patio - good for daytime brunch in the sun, or getting some fresh air with your beer during happy hour. Also look for their specials - ribs night and happy hour/night specials. I haven't been here for drinks yet, but they do have a nice draft selection. I'll be sure to check it out soon!
5	I ate here a second time when I was in town. It's just so good! Those hubcap potatoes are amazing. I would eat those all the time if I lived in Pittsburgh. AND they have Lindemann's Lambic Framboise on tap!? $6 a glass, but still, that's awesome! Our waitress was one of the managers. What a trip! :)
4	Place is surprisingly good! At first glance it looked like a tourist-trap kind of place (think south of the border) but we tried it out and it was awesome. After realizing it wasn't a trap, the atmosphere was pretty cool - open air drinking. The beer selection was good, but more importantly the grub was great barfood. We had the nachos which were delicious (spin on the simple nacho-cheese style) and the seitan nuggets which were AWESOME! I would definetly go back.
5	My girlfriend and I were wondering around on the Southside while visiting Pittsburgh. I had heard that this place served BBQ seitan wings and was pretty excited to check this place out.The decor is a kind of cheesy but retro in the same respect. I liked that they didn't clutter their wall too much like some restaurants. Our waitress came over to us and was sooo friendly but not in the annoying fake way. She was vegetarian and gave us the low down on what she really liked.I ended up getting a Lentil Southwest burger with a side of mashed sweet potatoes and my girl got the BBQ tofu skewers with regular mashed potatoes. Everything was delicious and really hit the spot, especially after wondering around the city all day.The waitress checked on us often and gave us some other restaurant suggestions while we were in town. I'm from Pgh but a lot has changed in the past four years. I can't wait to go back to this place.
3	I've been to the Double-Wide twice for brunch now. Twice, they've mixed up the side dish for one of the plates at our table. But their fun atmosphere and innovative breakfast items makes up for it. The huevos rancheros and the double wide benedict are both big winners - with special emphasis on the big. Their omelets are huge. Some of their items weren't as punchy with flavor as hoped, such as the breakfast burrito, but there are lots more items on the menu that I want to try. As a vegetarian-friendly customer, I'm super-happy to see interesting veggie items like the seitan wings, lentil veggie burger, tofu scramble and avocado club.Overall, the double wide is a good brunch location - laid back, no lines out the door, and good food. It's probably even better in the summer with their large outdoor patio area.
3	This place has great burgers and salads. I especially enjoy that you can get a burger with a side of vegetables - a rarity in this town. The only downer? The new remodel that changed the interior from a cozy, quirky place to an ugly sports bar complete with way too many big screen tv's.
4	I went to DWG this past summer with my wife and two sons, we were visiting Pittsburgh and I knew of this spot thru previous internet research of the city. We went on a Sunday afternoon (around 5-6pm). Not being from Pittsburgh the area wasn't the most touristy but I've lived in bad neighborhoods so I was fine. We entered and were promptly seated. I ordered my older son a grilled cheese with fries and my younger one a peanut butter & jelly sandwich with fries. Me and my wife both ordered jailhouse TV dinners. Food arrived fairly quickly and the ribs were GREAT!, very meaty and saucy. But the highlight of the meal was those potato hubcaps, I would of been content with just eating a big plate of those. When I come back to the Burgh' I will definately get a few orders of those hubcap fries. In my TV dinner I did also have the coconut rum tilipia which was gross. The TV dinner is a huge meal, I actually left some food on my plate which I normally don't do b/c I am greedy but that is testament to how much food they give you. You get to pic item item from tray one and two and then 3 sides. The sandwiches my kids got were huge, they were kind of like texas toast in thickness. They were actually able to take half the meal home and eat it later. I will definately come back for lunch so that it is nice and sunny out and we can take our orders to go and enjoy them elsewhere in Pittsburgh as this is not a family restaurant as there was a lot of cursing and smoking going on at the bar which we were seated right across from
3	Located in a renovated repair shop, the Double Wide is chock full of character. There was a very nice verity of clearly marked vegetarian options to choose from which is always a plus. The BBQ Pulled Seitan was a great introduction to seitan (a meat substitute) if you've never had it before. I'd be tempted to come back just to sample more of the unique menu options. Unfortunately my wife's first choice from the menu was unavailable and the coconut tofu didn't quite hit the spot. Also, our server was a bit overloaded when we visited, but tried to be helpful in making recommendations. On the whole it was a fun place to visit & even though our visit wasn't perfect I would definitely recommend trying this place out, at least for the experience.
3	The Double Wide Grill is a more interesting alternative than the other chain restaurants that are found on the eastern end of Carson St.  The old gas station ambiance is pretty fun as well.  The food seemed pretty mediocre to me, however the prices were quite reasonable.  I had the potato tacos which tasted like they were filled with overseasoned Potato Flakes like you'd get under turkey in a really bad cafeteria.  Maybe it was my fault for ordering such a weird dish in the first place.  The other plates served at my table seemed much better.  The service was quick and friendly.
4	Vegetarian or not, you have to come here for the seitan wings. They're fantastic. My entire family (two young kids, included) loves them. The wait staff is also incredibly friendly.
4	I had no idea what to expect, and was pleasantly surprised.  My Uncle and Aunt were in town, and he is decidedly a "Meat & Potatoes man" while my significant other is vegetarian... Double Wide is much more than just a compromise, they were both well satisfied.The outdoor seating and atmosphere is great, especially if you get such beautiful weather as we did...  once you get used to the (sometimes ludicrous) rumble of Harleys as they leave on east carson.  I had a Border Patrol burger (avocado, peppers and cilantro) which was well grilled... nothing to go too crazy over but well done.  My significant other had a lentil burger version of the same and left very happy.That said, who else in Pittsburgh serves SEITAN and TOFU and attracts bikers on harleys in the masses?  Granted, it was hard to tell if these were the authentic biker types or the Sewickley harley types but they weren't wearing helmets so I doubt they were from that uppity of a suburb.  I had my mind on a tasty burger but I can't wait to go back and try some of the vegan and vegetarian options (Seitan wings, seitan ribs, seitan pulled pork sandwich and salad and probably 3-4 other tofu/veggie options).Oh, and prices were extremely reasonable.  Sandwiches and burgers were $5-8 with only things like steaks and ribs venturing into the teens.
2	The food and drink are good and it's a change from the Pittsburgh chain restaurants, but the management and service is horrible. We've tried to go to their Sunday brunch but have finally given up. 3 of the last times we went, the never opened on time. Once there was a hastily written sign on the door, the next time the doors were locked and no signs or anything, the last straw was the final TIme we called ahead and the host said they were open only to get there and have the manager say she didn't have enough waiters to start serving? Despite the fact that there were at least 10 people wiping down tables?? I can't imagine a business that would alienate its customers like that? The way the economy is today I'm sure there are people who can show up to work, so fire some of the bums or management there before it's too late.
4	Double Wide Grill is one of those places you go to when you just want to have a fun, enjoyable meal.   And for those of you from Chicago, I don't mean the "fun-crammed-down-your-throat-with-a-toilet-plunger" atmosphere of Ed Debevics.  It's a place to simply go an enjoy yourself.So I was out with my girl posse on Friday night.  We were going to the movies nearby at South Side Works, so we wanted a place nearby to have a casual meal.  We started our meal with some wood grilled veggies, which were delicious.  They have an interesting concept here called "TV Dinner On Trays" in which you can build your own platter by choosing 1 "On Tray" and 3 sides for $15.99.  Marla tried that and wimped out 1/2 way through it, so she took some home.  Sherry tried the barbecue chicken ranch salad.  Maryann went for the wood-grilled chicken burrito.And then there was Susan.  Sometimes Susan gets really hungry.  Sometimes Susan wants just a plain ole good cheeseburger.  And there's only one type of meat that Susan acknowledges as a burger--beef!  No turkeyburgers, no ostrich burgers, and certainly no veggie burgers will do.  Besides, veggies are a side dish, not a main dish.  Oh, and Susan's cheeseburger?  Yummy medium well with grilled onions.
3	Decent food...worst service....ever.
3	This may have had the BEST onion rings I've ever eaten. Not heavily battered like most places and definitely not frozen. They were crispy and hot and I wish I had ordered two baskets for myself instead of sharing one. The corn bread was delicious as well. You could tell it was made with actual corn and not just from a box.My meal was just ok. I ordered the bbq brisket.  I wasn't feeling the bbq sauce (too sweet) and my meat was a little dry. All was forgiven though since they did provide me with those delicious onion rings.I could sit here and drink beer after beer from their fairly extensive beer menu and just eat onion rings and corn bread. In fact if I'm ever back here, I might have to do just that.
2	My boyfriend and I ate there last Friday night, around 8:30pm. After reading the reviews, wasn't expecting much from the waiters, but was expecting a good meal.We started out with the chicken egg rolls. I absolutely did not like them. Tasted like spicy mush inside of an egg roll shell. The sauce was the look and consistency of duck sauce, but pretty tasteless to me. My boyfriend really liked them, though. I ordered the tilapia, cajun style, with broccoli and mashed potatoes. What I got was a small, over-cooked piece of fish and undercooked vegetables. The mashed potatoes were decent (how can you mess that up?).  I left feeling hungry and cheated. $15 for a piece of fish that was smaller than my palm?My boyfriend ordered a steak and veggies. The veggies were also undercooked, and the steak was gristly. The middle of his mashed potatoes were cold. For a $50 meal, we were expecting a lot more. Definitely will not be back.
3	The food is gimmicky and not that great. The beer selection is top notch and the atmosphere is pretty cool. In the warmer months, the patio outside is excellent. I would give it a much higher rating if they could get their food to be better. I usually eat somehwere else first now and grab a beer there.
3	Solid, greasy, comfort food whether you come here for lunch, dinner or breakfast. Lots of their menu items can be or are vegetarian or vegan. Big drink menu including some frozen concoctions such as blended mojitos and mudslides.Huge TVs and lots of them, so I can imagine this place will be great to watch a game at. We'll see how they look during NBA playoffs!
4	Our last out of town on New Years Day and I should have been here earlier. We spent the morning driving around looking for someplace to have brunch, bloody marys and watch the football games. Next time I am in Pittsburgh this is my sunday brunch location.Lots of TV's, the food looked, at least we got to enjoy a bloody mary.
3	This is a pretty informal meeting space.  Excellent beer selection, usually good bartenders and waitstaff, but man when you get a bad one, it's going to be painful for everyone involved.  The food is actually pretty gross, and you will seriously be burping up your sins for the next 6 hours if you even look at a fucking hubcap fry.  But, when this place is not packed, it's really fun to just sit and relax.  Also, bonus for starting Karaoke on Saturdays, though judging by the crowd, that might not be around for very long.
4	I don't know how many times I passed by this place before realizing it was actually an eatery and not some old shut-down gas station.  I am glad that I finally found it, though.  My only issue on this trip was that I had Sophie with me.  Oh well, into the jacket she went, and into the restaurant we went.  Amazingly tchotchky interior, but amazingly appropriate for the location, the history, and surprisingly not overdone.  Not a lot of other customers, but we were in at around 3pm -- a time when most other people are not eating.  Looking through the menu, I was surprised to find "Tear Jerker" flavor for the hot wings.  My first thought was, "BAH!  People in Pittsburgh don't know what piquant is and that is what I will be getting."  I then ruffled through the rest of the menu and we ordered the following items:5 regular wings5 tearjerker wingssplit pea soup with hampotato soupDW Cheeseburger (plain/medium) with friesPepsi (x2)I am uncertain about the full gamut of the menu, but they appeared to be fairly hospitable to those that were looking for gluten-free food as well as having many vegetarian and vegan options that were clearly marked on the menu.  Our soups and drinks came out right after we ordered.  I didn't like the Split Pea soup.  It was grainy and tasted like it had just come out of a package.  I had a few bites and then just set it to the side.  I used my soda to wash the flavor from my mouth.  I didn't even bother to try the potato soup.  Not to long after I aborted soup consumption, the wings arrived.  My nose immediately caught the fragrance.  Oh...the smell was good.   My friend made it clear that I was not to have any of the regular since he was not going to eat any of the tear jerkers.After having finished my scoffing at him, I went right for my wings.  The flavor was good.  They didn't burn.  I knew it; I continued on eating them leisurely while drinking my soda.  On the third wing, my nose, eyes and mouth burst into flames.  I couldn't believe it.  My complacency had caused me to be unprepared for the piquancy.  The delayed ignition only hurt my pride a little compared to my friend laughing at my running nose and the tears coming out of my eyes.As I finished the fourth wing, the hamburger arrived.  I abandoned my last wing while I cut the burger in half.  It appeared to be more a medium-well than a medium temperature; this is a heads up to order a temperature lower.  The flavor was good and the meat wasn't overly dry.  I will order a medium-rare next time so that I get the proper temperature.  When I finished the burger, I ate the last wing.I will return here.  There is no question about it.  I enjoyed the flavor of the wings, but next time I will not be unprepared.
5	Really great service, great food, fun atmosphere, great vegetarian options, reasonable prices.Had some of the best service I've had in recent memory, left the place full.
3	Was wandering around the South Side and decided to give this place a try.  I ordered the "hot" seitan wings, and they were very good but a bit spendy at $8.99 for 6 chunks of vegan protein and some soggy carrots.There is a full bar here with a good selection of craft beer.Bonus points for the dog-friendly patio.  I may come back with my pup for "wing" night wednesdays in the summer!
2	Overpriced, the food is dry and bland.  The drinks are insanely priced.  The waitstaff is miserable.  The theme is quirky but kind of annoying.  The outdoor seating is uncomfortable.  I've ordered many things from the menu and always been disappointed.
3	We went on Saturday night to satiate my craving for good karaoke. For food I ordered the "TV dinner" which is a huge metal tray of two entrees and three sides. I tried the pulled pork, half rack of ribs, cornbread, mashed potatoes, rice, and veggie of the day. The ribs were falling off the bone and tender, but could have used extra sauce. The pulled pork was dry and really needed extra sauce, and the texture seemed off. The sides were all pretty much awful. You could tell they make a big batch in the morning and it sits there all day. In addition they were all vastly underseasoned. My husband had the black and blue burger, which strangely enough he said was OVERseasoned. So the food was pretty much disappointing, but you do get a lot for the price, and I'll give them the benefit of the doubt since they stop serving food at 11pm and we came at about 10:40. Next time we will try eating there earlier. The service was fine; the waitress checked on us frequently and promptly. They do have a good beer list and the beer prices are okay, although the mixed drink prices are a teensy bit high for my tastes (although probably comparatively low for some South Side venues). The restrooms were cleaned and fully stocked, which is a plus for such a busy bar. Speaking of busy, the place was packed when we came, and they do boast an awesome patio that probably more than doubles their seating capacity.The karaoke was AWESOME. It really saved this place from getting a two star review. They had a great, lively crowd doing some really zany and entertaining performances. The host has the best karaoke setup I've seen: live video background of you singing, playback clips of your performance, and a VERY up to date computerized catalog. If anything, I'll be back for his karaoke! We'll give the food a second shot another day.
4	I wish I had gotten to eat here, but my friends and I went for post-happy-hour, pre-serious-college-drinker hours.   A perfect place for a drink on the rambling patio/porch/outdoor area with the doors open and the warm breeze wafting around.  Highly recommend for drinks.  Can't comment on the food.  A total shitshow when the kids come out for the drinking, but that's when it's time for this old lady to go home.
4	The food was delish. Seitan wings are so awesome. So many vegetarian options but also lots for carnivores too. I have been organizing a regular monthly event for two years and needed a new location. The Double not only reserved a table for 20+ people but were really flexible when more people than usual showed up. The wait staff was AmAZinG! Seriously. So friendly and attentive and never made us feel like we were a pain. Great place, lowkey atmosphere. Definitely recommend it!
2	This was my third attempt at giving the Double Wide a chance. Their food is overpriced, under seasoned and the service is spotty. . I ordered a chicken burrito (around $10). After waiting what seemed an unreasonably long time I received a shrimp burrito, but didn't realize it until after I had taken a bite. I am allergic to shrimp. I had to flag a member of the waitstaff down to let them know of their mistake, and then wait another half hour to get my chicken burrito. Meanwhile, our regular waiter was nowhere to be seen. The chicken burrito was probably one of the worst I've ever had. The quality of the ingredients seemed okay, it was just SO bland! It consisted of chicken chunks with no seasoning, black beans, rice and cabbage shreds. That's it. It was served with a hand full of tri-colored tortilla chips and a "salsa" that was also under seasoned. I ordered desert, an ice ream cookie sandwich. I was given 2 supermarket bakery-bought chocolate chip cookies with a scoop of ice cream between. The only saving grace was the frozen mojito I ordered, which was VERY good. as a whole my 3rd try was an INCREDIBLY disappointing experience, and I wont be back. Oh-never did get an apology for the shrimp burrito AND now I have hives all over my face.
3	We have never been disappointed by Double Wide. The food is consistently well prepared and tasty. The menu has something for everyone - even my finicky tween sisters and my uber picky mum. The hubcap potatoes are a must try (especially if you're a garlic lover). My boyfriend and I seem to always get the same waiter which is fine by us - he is always super attentive without being intrusive and overbearing. He (I'm horrible at remembering names) is also extremely knowledgeable about the food. Outdoor seating is always a plus and there is plenty of it.
2	This place is clearly very popular, it was filled the entire time we were there with many people who appeared to be regulars.  We went there for the veggie options.  The seitan appetizer was really good, and a huge portion, but the rest of the meal was not so great.The service was kinda crazy.  Our waiter was nice, but pretty non-existent, and the rest of the staff seemed crazy and frazzled.
2	REALLY overrated. I've been there 4 or 5 times - the food is OK, a bit overpriced - but the service has always been terribly SLOW - especially when there's a group of more than 4 or 5 people. I also don't really get off on sitting inside an old gas station - or - even worse - outside an old gas station.
4	Solid selection of vegetarian and vegan items at an American BBQ and grill style restaurant. Items are very clearly marked for veg or vegan, making selection easy. The veg dishes are mostly seitan, tofu, or vegetable/portabella based.In the warmer months it is lovely to sit out on the patio to enjoy your meal and relax. The patio is very dog-friendly and many patrons bring their favorite pals along with them, leaving trails of "oohs" and "aaws" from other restaurant-goers. Service is typically quick, friendly, and knowledgeable of the menu-items. Double Wide is a good selection for a quick lunch or dinner for what you expect at a sit-down restaurant. Drawbacks for the vegetarian items are that they seem to be out of stock of items on a somewhat regular basis.
4	Great place for loud, relaxed times.  Food is what you would expect from a converted garage, we love it - bring your dog.
2	I have been visiting theDouble Wide monthly since it opened.  I live in the neighborhood and  try to eat on the S Side as ofteb as possible.  Family , friends and co-workers look to me for good [laces to eat.I had always recommended Double Wide as a fun, reasonbly priced place to eat.  And it satisfies a desire for  a decent  "cook out"!Unfortunately my last 2 visits have been major disappointments.  I e-mailed the restaraunt about it terrible service but received no answer.Both visits we choose to eat inside and were seated promptly.  Both visits had us wait over 10 minutes for a server.....once i had to get up and hunt one down!  On the  last visit we ordered drinks, an app and 2 dinners.   The apps came before he drinks and the dinners came with the apps!  The server just looked at me and shrugged her shoulders!  I asked for the mgr but got no answer until the check came.  The app was free.At this point I vowed not to return!  BUT in all fairness, I will give it another try.  I sooooo want to be able to recommend this place again.
3	I'd been craving barbecue for weeks, so with a Groupon in tow, we headed out to Double Wide Grill on Saturday night to feed our bellies.We got there around 7, and waited 10-15 minutes for a table.  It was nice weather, so we ambled up and down the block.  You can give the host your cell number so they call when your table is ready - it was very convenient and allowed us to take a walk instead of having to hover around the host stand.We were seated inside at a booth, and we both got a kick out of the old-service-station decor.  Maybe "decor" isn't the right word, since this place actually WAS an old service station, it doesn't just look like one.  Several TVs were around the room, but the volume was quiet until the Penguins started playing.They had a pretty cool selection of draft beer - my boyfriend was very impressed and got some unusual beer.  Can't remember what it was called but it was 9% alcohol, served in a smaller glass, and he enjoyed it immensely.  They were out of Blue Moon Pumpkin so I tried something from their Wheat section - I want to say it was Southampton something or other?  It was light and refreshing.The boy got a full rack of ribs, and I got the brisket and pulled pork platter.  Both came with cornbread, slaw, a pickle, and fries - but I got their "hub cap potatoes" instead.  It was a TON of food!  We could not finish it between the two of us.  We took a whole half rack of ribs home because we were simply too stuffed to proceed.  Makes you wonder how the guy on "Man vs. Food" can do it.So everything was pretty much "okay" in my book, although my boyfriend enjoyed everything a bit more than I did.  I found everything to be too salty - I was continually going to the coleslaw and my water glass to drown out the saltiness.  I wasn't a fan of the pulled pork - the barbecue sauce used was very vinegary and tangy in a somewhat unpleasant way. The brisket was better - juicy, and with a sauce that was more sweet.  Still, it didn't blow me away - pretty standard.  The ribs were just okay too, salty and without a lot of sauce.  The best part of ribs is licking sauce off your fingers, but there wasn't much to lick!  Also, the meat separated from the bones as soon as you pulled on them - the meat slipped off before we could even take a bite, so we didn't get the fun experience of holding up a meaty rib and nomming the meat off the bone.  We were left with just a plate of meat, which wasn't quite as fun to eat.  Cornbread was good, fries were addictive, and the "hubcap potatoes" were okay - nice garlic flavor.  Nothing was very hot (temperature), seemed like maybe the food had been sitting for a while.Speaking of "a while," service is very slow like everyone else says.  Our waiter was certainly friendly and pleasant, but we waited a long time to be greeted, a long time for our beers, and a very long time for our food.  Sounds like that's just the way it is here.I was feeling sort of "2 1/2 stars" about the whole thing, but my boyfriend was so enthusiastic about the meal that I'll go ahead and give it a 3.  If you're craving barbecue it's a fine place to go to take the edge off, but it isn't the real deal.
2	I'm not quite sure how you can tell someone to their face that there are no seats available when half the restaurant has open seats. And also tell them that service will be ending shortly. (And service is scheduled to end in 40 minutes?)2 stars for beer.No stars for douche-baggery.
5	I probably would have never chosen to go to this place as a new resident of Pittsburgh but when I saw it on Groupon and read the reviews stating that it had a good vegetarian selection, I thought I would give it a try. The aesthetic of this place is like a sports bar with decor such as beer bottles made into lamp covers and hubcaps all over the roof, but the vegetarian cuisine was as dead on as some run down hipster vegetarian joint. The seitan wings with parmesan garlic sauce were incredibly delicious. My girlfriend had this coconut fried tofu dish that had great potato sides that was pretty tasty as well. I personally had this dish called a potato taco. This was quite a unique and delicious dish.All in all, the seitan wings were definitely the highlight and I would go back for that alone. The bar seems to have a good beer selection so this is probably a good place to take beer snob friends. Also looks like they have a good creative mixed drink selection that I would be interested in tapping into next time. I recommend.
4	I got a Billy bob burger and it was fantastic.  Everything was seasoned wonderfully and nothing was overdone.  My only complaint about it was that they did not ask me how I wanted my burger cooked but it came out good.  Fantastic fries too.They also have an extensive vegetarian and vegan menu that all looked fairly good.
4	I was sold when I saw the Sunday Funday special, breakfast special that is.  A 12 oz. Tecate and a shot of Cuervo (if you're nice, they'll swap it for a Jamison!).  The atmosphere is pretty cool, I dug the authenticity of the garage.  However, I'm slightly confused by the name, sort of makes me think of a trailer, not a garage.  I get it either way, it just seemed odd.  I suggest heading in earlier (before 2 P.M.) on a Sunday for brunch.  It's probably a bit fresher.  I had the Double Wide Benedict.  It's a tasteful deviation of Eggs Benedict using cornbread instead of an English muffin and bacon instead of ham.  They also throw some fresh spinach under the poached eggs.  My whole meal was a little colder than I like, but still enjoyable.  When I go back, I'm definitely going earlier and trying a Bloody Mary.
3	It's very hard to get a drink at Double Wide's.  First you enter the restaurant and are made to wait at a hostess stand while the host or hostess ignores your party.  Then when you decide to go sit at the bar because you are tired of waiting around like a fucking asshole; you sit and sit and no amount of gesturing or gesticulation directed at the bartender yields your drink.  Meanwhile the bartender(s) are either updating their Twitter, "I'm like, so @ work right now, LOL!!!", chatting with their bff on Facers, or texting away like it's the first time they ever had a cell phone.  When you finally do get your drink, you better not drink it too quickly or by the time the bartender comes back around, your bleached bones will resemble a skeleton in the Sahara.  Went in for lunch during the work week one time; big mistake.  First the whole getting told to wait at the hostess stand, in an empty restaurant, while she disappears for an inordinate amount of time.  Then the whole "we have no regard for the fact that you might have to get back to work, so we're to take an hour and a half to complete the process." Seriously Double Wides, you've never had lunch customers that have to get back to work?  Lunch is about getting in and getting out, not about dessert drinks and seconds on pecan pie. Now, I'm not just being a gigantic malcontent for no reason.  I've been to Double Wides about 20 times and its always the same shite service.  Why do I keep subjecting myself to their lazy ways?  Well, the food is really good with a definite Southern flare.  Plus, if you can get a drink, they have an excellent beer selection and two awesome drink specials: $2.75 Jagers (anytime) and "Breakfast" one Tecate and one tequilla shot for $5.25.  SOLID.  So Double Wides, stop hiring these hipster jerks that won't take your customer's drink orders and streamline the seating process; it's annoying as hell to get ignored.  Oh, and one more thing.  Get your science right about fraqing.  Nothing is happening to the drinking water.  Fraqing happens at 7500', the water table is at less than 1000' nothing is matriculating up through a mile of rock.  Naturally occurring methane (coal) is to blame for whatever wad the felonious Gaslands documentary has gotten your panties into.  GO GAS!
4	My boyfriend and I were in Pittsburgh for the NHL Bridgestone Winter Classic.  On gameday, we drove to the Double Wide Grill for a late lunch before finding parking to get to the game.  My boyfriend is vegetarian and I am vegan, so I picked this spot because it has options for us.  It was a little tricky finding it--we were surprised to see 2341 before 2339, but once we found the right place, we walked in and were seated quickly. There is a separate vegetarian/vegan page on the menu, and items are clearly marked.  My boyfriend and I started with the seitan "wings" in the BBQ sauce, but they were really hunks of seitan, deliciously seasoned, and almost crispy.  For an entree, he got the Potato Tacos while I got the Tofu Skewers.  The skewers came out slathered in BBQ sauce with rice and a green bean melange.  Sadly the vegetable was forgettable, but the skewers and rice were utterly delicious.  I give them extra points for not putting broccoli, a vegetable I despise, on the skewers.  On my one visit, I found the service rather friendly (and we were wearing our Washington Capitals jerseys in Pittsburgh Penguins country), if a bit slow.I will certainly recommend it to friends traveling to Pittsburgh and I will go back if I am ever in Pittsburgh again.
4	I love bringing out of town friends here, but it's not the only time I get here, I come in for lunch a few times a month. I love the "white trash" theme of this place, it even spills out into the menu.I've been here three times and each time I tried a different item. On my last visit I had the vegan chilling. It wasn't overly spicy, nice flavor, the smokiness of the vegetables came through the chilli spices. Nice dish!Over the summer I came in with friends to imbibe the beer selections. I found a nice IPA that went well with the seitan wings, corn and crab fritters and regular wings we shared under the big green truck at the bar.Speaking of corn and crab fritters, this is the best thing on the app menu, you get a dozen of these tiny gems. Sweet corn and tasty pieces of lump crab together in a not too "cakey" batter fried to a golden fried goodness. A Cajun mayo comes with it that compliments these morsels of shellfish and maze wonderfully.I have to say this place is as original as it gets. Back in the eighties Bob's auto bar downtown invoked a theme where you sat in gutted cars, but Double Wide Grill is much more inviting with a great location. My only wish was a parking lot, I wish I could have the time back I've spent trying to find a place to park. I subtract one star for being so busy at times I've driven away  with visions of corn and crab fritters dancing on my taste buds.Editors Note: On 01-04-2012 I went to the Double Wide and had dinner with my mother who won a fifty dollar gift card at her Christmas party. She'd never been there and invited me to go. I told her she was in for quite a treat. So we sat down at 6pm, we never saw our waitress until about 6:10. It really wasn't that busy although they were waiting on a group of 32 which seemed to have everyone in a tizzy. Our waitress finally showed up and we were able to order. She had the pulled pork sandwich with fries and cherry slaw and I had the meatless Stroganoff with beans and rice and "crusty whole grain bread. we didn't see our food for 25 minutes, it finally showed. My mother's pulled pork looked great, but, the first bite produced a bone. The cherry slaw was tasteless even after she added salt and pepper. My Stroganoff was delicious, but the rice and beans were cold and had gotten hard from sitting under the lights. My whole grain bread was missing, in it's place was corn bread, not a good pairing with Stroganoff. I rarely complain but i had to, the waitress was very nice and took the bill to the manager and we were comped the most expensive meal and my mother's drink was comped. This was the very first time in ten or eleven visits that i'd had less than satisfactory meals. I tip my hat to management for trying to make things better.
4	I've been here three times and have been impressed each time. As others have remarked, the Seitan wings are out of this world. We split the sauces - barbeque and hot - both really extraordinary and the texture of the Seitan is, well, like meat. The onion rings are also amazing. They got the breading just right - it sticks to the onion so you don't end up pulling the onion out of the breading by accident. The rings come with a really tasty  chipotle ranch sauce with a lot of flavor and a little kick.And then there's the beer. They rotate their selection frequently so you never know what you're going to get. That ends up being half the fun. The staff have been reliable at providing advice in this realm. But with a name like Uppity Jag Off IPA, ya have to try it, right? I loved it. Not too hoppy as IPA's go....very tasty with the added benefit that it's difficult to forget the name.Great place!
1	I have been twice.  Both times service was HORRIBLE (I was a server for years).  They were mean, inattentive, and didn't care that my chicken sandwich came out RAW!  The second time the server never checked on us and as soon as we were done eating brought us our checks.  We wanted more drinks and told her that.  She never came back with our order and when we asked her about it she said she was waiting for us to pay.  Doesn't make any sense.  I will never go back.
4	Brunch starts at 10 AM on the weekends. I had cream cheese stuffed French toast. Wonderfully delicious and a great portion size. Served with hot syrup and potatoes. My husband had the Black and Bleu Burger that was seasoned with blackening spices and covered with melted Bleu cheese crumbles. Had I not been in a breakfast mood, I definitely would have tried one of their make-your-own TV dinners.Not that it appealed to me, but they have a lot of vegan/vegetarian options here. Minus one star for incorrect operating hours posted on their website... Unless I missed them. I will check again and update to 5 stars if I'm mistaken.
1	Now I know why...why I wouldn't stand in a doorway waiting to be acknowledgedWhy I wouldn't sit at a table...surrounded by tables...set with napkinsWaiting for a menu...for a look from the waitstaff...oh wait we don't have. To sit through the torture!!! Of believing you serve food past 9 pm like your website directs!!Of hoping for service that I am more than happy to pay for...But oh well..I guess four parties of less than four can b hard whenYou're twirling your hair...Thanks for the worst service and u didn't even know I wanted food...no attempt in 20 minutes ...to even bring us a beer...Now I know ...why its way more rewarding to go 50 ft andeat half price apps with awesome sevice...talking the I've-been-out-toEat-at-least-once-before kind of at functional foodcarriage with charisma...as if the library has always been an eatery.
2	We got a Groupon for Double Wide in the hopes of trying their Sunday brunch with another couple we are friends with, but unfortunately, those plans fell through several times, and so we scrambled in for dinner in the last few days of the coupon.I don't think we'll ever go again.First of all, I didn't like the trailer park decor.  I guess I didn't make the connection immediately that that's what they mean by 'double wide,' but it was just kind of sleazy to me.  If I'm going to pay $9 for a mini taco appetizer, I don't want to feel like Larry the Cable Guy cooked it in the backyard.And while I like the inclusion of veggie options on the menu, it just seemed a little odd.  What redneck trailer family is out there making seitan wings??  I guess I'm just not hip enough to get this one.Speaking of hip, I also don't get why every male working there felt the need to groom themselves like a mountain man.  Maybe I'm just too old and uncool to understand it, but again, even if some wooly mammoth of a dude is cooking my food, I'd prefer not to know it.All that said, I got the portabella burger, and it was actually quite good.  Nicely toasted and buttered bun, great toppings (I got the swiss cheese and... mushrooms... on top of my mushroom), and it wasn't soggy like portabella sandwiches can often be.  That was the highlight of the meal.  My husband and I both got the 'hubcap potatoes' on the side, and they were too greasy to really be enjoyable.  They barely tasted like potatoes, more like just garlic and cooking oil.And, as several reviewers before me mentioned, the service was poor.  It was pretty busy when we were there, but it was about a half-hour wait between appetizer and entree.So, all of that said, I don't think we'll go back for dinner.  If I want to eat at a divey place, there are plenty of authentic dives in Pittsburgh with good diner food and cheap prices.  Why would I want to pay $16 for a 'TV dinner plate'??We may still try the brunch though, and if that is better, I will update my review.  But for now, I'd say avoid this place and go down the street to Tom's.
4	I'm into places with great outdoor seating. I think it's because I like to people watch/spy on people.  It always makes the dining experience more enjoyable!  It also doesn't hurt that there's a delish brunch offered on Saturdays and Sundays from 10 - 2.  I struggle to find a good Eggs Benedict besides my beloved Perkins Eggs Benny!  They have two versions to choose from, and let me tell you my friend, go with the Double Wide Benedict!  Fried eggs, bacon,  spinach, and CORN BREAD!!   WINNING!  And what makes a brunch even better....a boozy one!  The peach Bellini hit the spot!What's also great is they have a ton of events like trivia and karaoke nights.  Surprisingly, there are few places in the burgh to get your roake on, so this is a welcome addition!I'll be back to eat and spy on people this summer!!
4	I have give the double-wide a few more tries and have been pleased.  Service has improved.   the food is still good.   The atmosphere is funky-cool-good.  They have also seem to have gotten busier.....45 minute wait sometimes!   It's back onmy place to go list!
1	I normally don't eat here because of multiple bad experiences; however, I only end up finding myself here with an acquaintance of some sort, because they always seems to "know the bartender" and can guarantee that my past experiences would not be repeated "this time."I still have never been served a simple burger (turkey burger to be exact) meal for under 45 minutes.  I went for lunch on a slow Wednesday, and you would think that they scrambled to find a random guy who looked like he may have needed a job to cook our burgers, because customers decided to come in that day.   Dry.  Tasteless.  Soggy french fries.  But at least the bun was toasted perfectly(?).The menu is tacky from the beginning as if some sort of unique family-cooking is to be expected from this place.  Yeah...don't count on it.  I would bank on it that SYSCO is their food supplier, which is also the same quality of food you can get at Dormont Pool's concession stand.  The fries are a poor imitation of Potato Patch Fries; the outcome is more of an insult than flattery.  Even the tortilla chips that came with my friend's wrap were stale.  The vegan/vegetarian options are also not that impressive just because I question the "freshness" of the ingredients.  Everything tastes like it has been cooked next to the fryer, or maybe fell into it for a brief second before being plated.This is just another tacky roach pit in the South Side.
4	Bar none, Double Wide Grill is the best place to spend a summer night in Pittsburgh. The restaurant is housed in a converted gas station, and its former parking lot is now covered with picnic tables. Globe lights twinkle overhead and a corn hole pit beckons patrons from the corner of the outdoor seating area. There's no bad seat on the patio, with gorgeous public art murals bookending the restaurant and a parade of Carson Street humanity constantly marching by. Because it is housed in a converted gas station, Double Wide has adopted a white trash theme. (Hence the 'Double Wide' moniker.) Customers can order a six-pack of beer delivered to their table in a cooler, or a custom-made TV dinner on a tray. As a recent Tennessee transplant I am constantly on the lookout for good barbecue, and Double Wide has that as well. Although not up to Knoxville standards, my pulled pork platter was juicy and tender, and the cornbread was incredibly sweet and delicious. I do, however, take issue with the restaurant's coleslaw, which isn't the creamy, homestyle mixture that I adore, but a bizarre tangy concoction full of cherries. Cherries? Seriously? If Double Wide truly wants to make a name as an arbiter of great southern fare, they will have to remedy the coleslaw situation.That having been said, pretty much everything I've ordered at the restaurant has been excellent. This includes crab, black bean and corn fritters, a portabella mushroom stuffed with spinach and brie, the barbecue chicken ranch salad, and several types of tacos. Surprisingly a full page of the menu is devoted to vegetarian and vegan options, so something is truly available to satisfy every member of your group. And that includes canines! Not only is Double Wide's patio dog friendly, but they boast an entire menu devoted to the beasts. My pup, Radar, loves coming to Double Wide, where he plays in the mulch around the shrubbery, receives tons of love and attention, and gets to eat a piece of grilled chicken or beef made just for him! Sitting outside on a warm summer night, drinking with your friends and watching the city move past is one of the best feelings in the world, and in Pittsburgh, Double Wide Grill is the place to do it.
2	The vibe here is nice. It's right in the southside with a huge outdoor seating section that allows for friends to get together and hang out. It's a great place to grab a cocktail with friends and enjoy the weather.That's about all it's good for because to call this barbecue is a joke.Again my southern roots don't fail me when it comes to traditional food. Barbecue is supposed to be cooked for long periods of time on low heat to allow the flavor to set in whether it's vinegar, tomato, or mustard base the premise is still the same.  Here you can tell that the sauce is an after thought. The meat ends up really kind of dry with little to no flavor.Service varies. The 1st time I went I had the most amazing server who was sweet and attentive without being over bearing and I loved her. Even though the food wasn't great I thought to myself at least the service is amazing. The last couple of times I've gone (always with friends to just grab cocktails before we went out somewhere else) the service has been beyond lacking.All in all, if you're looking for a cool spot to laugh it up with friends on your way somewhere better in the southside, Double Wide is your place. However if you're looking for tasty barbecue, try to find some place different.
5	Great place if you have vegetarians and serious carnivores in your party. The seitan wings were delicious. The kids' menu has the usual suspects but also a couple of options for more adventurous eaters.
2	The best thing about Double Wide is the outdoor seating and the cute servers.  They have a decent selection of beers too, but the food wasn't that impressive.  I only got a burger with onion rings, but my dining companions weren't super thrilled with the food either.  It's decently priced though and good for groups, but the meats in the burgers weren't very flavorful nor was the onion rings I got or the soggy fries that T9 got.  They did have a lot of vegetarian and vegan options though for those non-meat eaters.
3	I found out about Double Wide Grill on the search for great restaurants with plenty of vegetarian options, which they certainly have!I've come here for dinner and drinks a couple times and it's been fairly decent both times. Their service and location are both unfortunate, seeing as the hostesses do a good job of ignoring guests and it's located smack-dab in the middle of the Southside (womp womppp). I will say, however, those veg chicken wings (make sure you get the garlic parmesan) are the BEST veg wings I've ever had! Spak Brothers is definitely a close second.My main entree for both instances was pretty good, but not outstanding. I had a crispy tofu dish with lime and cilantro and rice. While it was yummy, it was one of those situations where it wasn't tasty enough for me to want to eat the leftovers for lunch the next day.All in all, Double Wide has a wide variety of O.K. vegetarian options, though there isn't a whole lot that really stands out (aside from the seitan wings). Be wary of the service! They can tend to be a bit on the unfriendly side.
4	Can't speak much to the food, but they pull off the classy hoosier feel pretty well. Drinks did seem a tad expensive for the venue, but the cornhole was a nice touch
2	Ugh. I don't know if brunch just isn't the best time to eat here or what, but we had a bad experience on Saturday. My beloved seitan "wings" were hard as rocks (like so hard they were difficult to cut with a knife). Our waiter went AWOL. My son didn't like his cheeseburger, and he likes almost anything. On the plus side, well, they have some Jenga-esque game that kept my kids entertained until our food arrived.
2	The pros are the outdoor seating and the BBQ dishes. Other than that, the food is not good. The BBQ combo platters are really good and you get a lot of food. I have tried other dishes, a grilled chicken salad, and it pretty much consisted of bagged lettuce with five pieces of grilled chicken breast. Outdoor seating is nice, though.
3	I am only giving double wide three stars despite the fact that it used to be my go to.  They have a great number of drafts and delicious food the is vegetarian AND VEGAN friendly which was amazing!  I used to come there with my pooch, sit on the patio with friends and eat some vegan food with a great micro-brew.  However, they recently revoked their dog-friendliness and makes it far less appealing.  My little mutt and I have to now go elsewhere.
3	The food looks promising. It never seems to deliver on taste though. The staff always seems to be confused too. It's a great location though, and the people viewing is unmatched on the Southside.
3	The ONLY reason they are getting more than 1 star is for their brunch...  Otherwise, their dinner menu and service are mediocre if not completely unsatisfactory.  Needless to say, there are 2 reasons to go to the Double Wide Grill:  1. Brunch: Their breakfast is well worth the lack of service  2. Vegetarians: If you need to satisfy a vegetarian palette, there are many options and a lot of them are even good.
3	I love the outdoor seating, and I especially like the brunches.  I also think their specials, such as their "all you can eat ribs," are a very good deal.  The food is pretty good, the people watching is excellent.  The Gingerbread Pancakes are excellent.  The service varies, but I generally get pretty good service at the Double Wide.  It's a fun place to go eat, almost everything is down home.
3	Fun place for a group.  Stopped to watch some football and fill the belly.Couldn't wait to get the Brisket Sandwich.  Oh, not available till after 4...eh on a weekend with people watching football...how come so late.  Asked if any beer specials.  No!  How come, everyone else on Carson St. have beer specials during the game...just left a place with a special.  Proceed to order and when we were almost done the waitress said do you want that or the all U can eat, it is less $'s and more to eat.  If you have it a special, why not tell us before we order?Anyway, the ribs and nachos and corn bread were enjoyable.
5	I came here for brunch and I had the French toast and sausage. It was soooo good. My friend had the veggie omelet. I will defiantly come back again. Food and service was great. Only thing that was weird was you can drink alcohol (ie: mimosa) until 12noon. I'm from Philadelphia and we don't have that law so I was shocked about that but when it was noon I had the mimosa and Bellini and both were very good.
2	Oh, this place could be so so very good but really doesn't quite make it.  On the plus side is the large vegetarian selection.  The execution could be better as the meal that I ordered was a bit over done and the meal my sweetie ordered was a bit under done.  I got a grilled portabello reuben sandwich and the mushroom was oddly overcooked.  Also the sauce was sort of off.  I can't put my finger on it exactly but it didn't have zest perhaps?  Also the fries were a bit soggy...My sweetie got the grilled veggie burrito and her veggies were under done (well a bit raw).  Nice sauce though.Service is prompt and friendly but a bit distracted.  The outdoor seating is nice though.
4	I've been to the annual fried tofu eating contest that they have, it was fun to watch and in the end I was glad I didn't particpate.  I've also been for their tuesday all you can eat rib special.  I had a whole rack of ribs with their fries and it also came with corn bread.  Their ribs do melt in your mouth, I would say they're almost amazing.  My mouth is actually watering thinking about it.  and the special is only around 13 dollars which is a great deal for unlimited ribs.  I'd like to return to try their other dishes sometime, its just a very down to earth establishment if you could call a restaurant that.  Their kitchen is open late as well till 1am i believe, which is always a plus.
4	I've enjoyed this place on multiple occasions. Their food is good, prices are all right, and the restaurant space itself is very creative and cool. I think their fries are a little weak but that's negligible. Definitely an attraction to the south side.
4	My girlfriend and I stopped for Sunday brunch on the way home to Ohio. We both had drinks- She had a Bloody Mary and I had the "Back in the Saddle" special (can of Tecate beer and a shot of Jose Cuervo for $5.50). Wish we could have stayed longer as they did have a plentiful drink menu with many fun drinks we would have like to tried. The atmosphere resembles an old-time gasoline shop, a little grungy, but very warm and welcoming.
4	This place has a BIG veg. menu.  The seitan wings are very good!  There regular(aka chicken) wings are good too.  Great during the day, but very busy at night.  Good mixed drinks and a pretty nice beer list.  The pulled pork was good(not excellent).  I usually stick to the wings when I am in town.
4	I've been here for the regular lunch/dinner menu and it's been good every time. The brunch, however, is out if this world. I've been meaning to try it for awhile, but an about-to-expire Groupon finally got me there early on a Sunday. I've heard great things about the brunch but was also told he can get busy and crowded so I made sure to be there when they opened at 10am. Definitely worth the wait. It was a tough decision, but I rightly chose the beef chili omelet. It will definitely get me back. The menu has tons of options, including several vegetarian choices.  Service was also good and friendly.
2	What a place. It's definitely...double wide? Very large interior AND exterior, which feels almost impersonal, even though they tried to fill up the space with gas cans, tires, and other garage-y paraphernalia. Still feels like waiting in a plane hangar for fuel!  Now, I can't speak for the virtues of anything meaty here, since although I definitely had three different meals....they were all vegan! Seitan wings, coconut rum tofu, and garlic tofu. The seitan wings were pretty darling, definitely a great alternative. The garlic tofu was GARLICY, woo...but not much else! The coconut rum sauce was pretty brilliant....however, the amount ladled over the tofu was not enough to flavour it impressively. The caramelized onion cilantro rice was actually the highlight of the coconut rum platter, which included bland vegetables of the day and the aforementioned rice. Not sure if the prices matched the flavour, but the portions were pretty much perfect. I want to like this place, fo' realz; the menu in theory is wonderful...maybe next time it'll hit me right!
4	When the weather's nice and I visit the bros in PGH, Double Wide is my bar of choice. It's a great place to just kick back and relax, sit outside, play some cornhole, and enjoy some adult beverages. The food was very forgettable but that's really not why you we went there. We actually ended up ordering a pizza to be delivered there and they let us eat it which I thought was pretty cool. And there are a lot of dollar drink specials on the SS but this is not one of them. Over the course of a day I think I spent the equivalent of an actual double wide but I had such a good time there that I didn't really mind. With some upcoming events in the Burgh this summer I'm sure we'll be hitting up the Double Wide for the clean Burgh air and some Iron Citys'.
2	Working in the Southside I get to frequent a lot of these establishments for lunch, so I do understand that the Double Wide caters more to the dinner and drinking crowd, at least I'm assuming this because the smell of beer still resonates when I eat there for lunch.  If you want to have lunch in the Southside and you want to sit outside there aren't many options, so Double Wide might be your only choice.  If so stick to the salads as they are above average.  Everything I've ever tried apart from salads though has been a disappointment, and salads aren't what I'm normally trying to order (even though it probably should be).  If you sit inside though you will be greeted with a nice smell of stale beer that seems to have infested every inch of the place.  It's a shame too, because I do enjoy the layout and atmosphere.  If they just focused a little more on the quality and taste of the food I think this place would be amazing.  My recommendation is to avoid unless you really want to sit outside.
4	Don't let the rugged, garage-like exterior fool you -this place serves up some delicious, high quality food. The Double Wide is one of the first places I went to eat in the Southside, and its unique, vegetarian-friendly menu has kept me coming back.I would highly recommend their vegetable tofu skewers (yum!). They come drizzled with BBQ sauce, which is a different approach to your average veggie dish. I'm also a big fan of their Saturday/Sunday brunch, during which you can find locals sipping on Mimosas and Bloody Marys. I usually order their tofu scramble wrap, which never disappoints.Aside from its diverse menu, the Double Wide also has a really "chill" atmosphere. From its funky decor to its quirky staff, the restaurant definitely has a certain appeal.   I like to think of it as the hipster's version of Quaker Steak and Lube.
5	One of my favorite places in the Southside!  All around good food! Outdoor seating and plenty of drafts.  They have awesome mild wings, the BRIKET is great (if they have any left) in the summer.+ cornhole outside when the wether is nice
2	I really want this place to be awesome.  Everything from a design perspective seems awesome, and it should be on Diners Drive-Ins & Dives.  Alas, the food & service is sub-par at best.  As a drinking spot, I'll give them 4*.  As a restaurant...they're a fail.A group of 5 of us had dinner on Saturday night.  It was busy, but not swamped.  Our server was one of the unhappiest people I've ever had as a server...it was pretty clear that she either hated her job, or her life, or both.   I've been told before that service was not good, and this experience definitely sealed the deal.  3 out of 5 of us had our orders messed up in minor ways (wrong sides, missing sides, some plates had garnish, some didn't, etc.)We tried several different items from the menu.  Out of 5 dishes, four came out luke-warm as though they were sitting under a lamp for 20 minutes.  Only one plate, the lentil burger, came out hot.  Huh?  The pulled pork sandwich was meh; Southerners would shake their heads in disappointment.  I also got a salad...see my picture of the "balsamic" dressing.  It looked like chocolate mousse & tasted like vinegar...yuck.  I won't come back here to eat again, but will be back for beer.  Extra stars for the solid beer list.
2	On our way out of town we stopped by Doublewide to check out their brunch. I can sum up our experience in one word- "overrated". This place wasn't terrible and the service was pretty good but I can't say the food was that delicious or memorable. It was quite pricey for the amount you received and when the food doesn't taste that good it is hard to justify a $40 breakfast for 2.
3	I'll be rounding up to 3.5 stars here.I was a bit disappointed with my recent visit here.  The thing that made me this disappointed was that they replaced their 'hubcaps' with 'lug-nuts.'  Sad Face.  Instead of crusted fried to prefect ion goodness, you now get lumped overly cooked crusting blandness.  Can't really get a garlic taste out of that.  It's not hard to process those tiny potatoes into the goodness they once were.  However, I still ate them.This journey we had a nice seat outside to take advantage of the beautiful weather.  The waitress was on point and able to give some good tips on the food.  I opted for the breakfast burger with the lug-nuts.  My drink of choice this time around was a wonderful mix of Corona, orange juice and hot sauce with a hot spice rim around the cup.  The breakfast burger was amazing, egg, bacon, cheese, all that goodness between two pieces of Texas toast.  Really made me feel like I was sitting outside an old gas station with all that grease dripping onto the plate.I love the decor in the place, the trunk on the rack over the bar really does remind you that it is an old gas/service station.  The awesome aroma from the wood fire grill however brings you back to reality to let you know it's an ass kicking place to eat.
5	Amazing seitan wings!  Doublewide is a fun party restaurant with great variety of gourmet food rich in flavor.  It's so nice to see so many clearly labeled vegetarian and vegan options on their menu.  Everything we ate exceeded our expectations.  The only disappointments were the absence of vegan desserts, and the noise level of the restaurant was very loud in the main garage.  The bar section was actually much quieter. But being a party restaurant that's exceptionally fun themed, one shouldn't expect this type of place to be quiet.
4	Delicious vegan dishes! Fun decor, but pretty noisy. Would be nearly perfect if they had vegan desserts too.
4	Let me paint the picture of my evening spent here. Like most nights it began with a single thought "I want to get drunk." This thought usually turns into action and within an hour I have found myself a cozy watering hole. BUT, this night was different. Not only was I thirsty, I was also HUNGRY. Eating out isn't something I do often, I like to save what little money I have for libations. I've always been intrigued by this place. It kinda has this late 50's service station look to it. Has some sweet lights and even some corn hole boards in the corner. Since I was the East Cayahoga state champ of cornhole back in '83 I figured it was reason enough to check out the place. Outside seating is a plus especially since the weather was actually nice. The biggest plus was that I coordinated my visit with 35c wing night. I consider myself an amateur coniseour of wing and wing like foods (basically anything you fry) and let me tell you, these guys blew my socks off. They were fried perfectly with just the right amount of crispiness, they were pretty good size and the sauce was orgasm worthy. So in conclusion roll on in to the double wide grill and let em lube ya up with the sauce and some frosty brews.
4	Only been here twice so far but love it!   Funky vintage decor and vast vegetarian and vegan menu, what's not to like?
4	I would give this place 5 stars, but their soda is weird and some off brand that tastes like crap and the hostess with the bad perm and blue eyeshadow is incredibly rude. So sorry to disrupt your important text conversation and make it so that you actually had to seat someone. That being said, the food is amazing. The seitan wings are the best that I've ever had, the potato tacos are delicious and the BBQ pulled seitan is soooo good. I will definitely be back the next time that I am in town!
3	Fun times in the South Side!I decided to have a get together here for a birthday.  I called ahead to see if they take reservation...they don't, not even for a party of over 20.  I called once and the hostess said that someone would call me back.  They didn't.  I attempted to call again and they just said they don't take reservations.  I think this is a mistake on their part.  If you have more than 20 people you essentially need one server dedicated to your table.  I don't think they can properly plan for the evening.  Moving on...I arrived early, 5:30 ish to drop off balloons and determine if they would be able to accomodate us.  The hostess looks me dead in the face and asked if I had a reservation or if I called ahead!!  WTF!!  Seriously!!  I looked at her and said did you jsut ask me what I think you asked me?  She repeated herself and I laughed.  I mentioned I tried to call several times and was told they don't take reservations.  LOL!!I mentioned that we would be back in about an hour and that guests would start arriving around 7:30pm.  They kept trying to seat me inside but I kept mentioning that we chose to go to this restaurant because you could sit outside!  They truly have a great outside seating area and it is right on East Carson street!  They added some tables to an area and provided us with great service.  I honestly couldn't have been happier with our waiter, MIKE!!  Super nice guy with a great attitidee.  He was very accomodating.  He remembered what everyone was drinking even as we moved around our little area.  I can't say enough great things about the service we received from him.I gave them 3 stars because they don't take reservations and make it difficult to accomodate large groups.  They also give you alot of hassle and don't seem to want to be real accomodating.
3	Meh.  Cute unpretentious menu and concept.  Friendly staff.  Outdoor seating.  Generous portions.  Excellent beer selection, with everything separated into helpful categories like "Hoppy Beers" and "Stout Beers".  Their fluffy corn bread side tastes like happiness.So with so much to recommend it, why only 3 out of 5 stars?  Because this restaurant has everything going for it but the food.  My ribs and pulled pork were dry and tasteless.  The coleslaw, mashed potatoes and fries were bland.  Nothing was terrible, but it tasted like it had been left out under heat lamps in a cafeteria, definitely nothing worth going out of your way for.That said, if you come here on a sunny day, order some drinks and a side of their corn bread (truly some of the best I've ever had) you will have a great time.  But with better alternatives so nearby, the Double Wide would not be my first choice for a meal.For a more inspired dining experience, go a few blocks further down the south side and hit Fatheads.  Fatheads also offers a casual style, great beer selection, some outdoor seating and huge indulgent portions but with freshly prepared flavor explosions that will blow your mind!
1	Ugh.  I shouldn't have gone again, but I was was drawn in by the allure of a nice patio.  Never again.I sat down outside and waited.  Three servers walked in my general vicinity but did not acknowledge my presence, as each likely thought it was the other's table.  I snagged drink menus off another table, then after 10 minutes of nothing my drinking partner went to the bar to order.  It took her almost 10 minutes to order at the bar, as one server was complaining to the bartender about one of her tables, very openly, and the bartender couldn't or wouldn't concentrate.  We finished our drinks at the table, and after 40 minutes, NOT ONE SERVER STOPPED BY TO SEE HOW WE WERE DOING.   It's a shame that they have such a bad staff, and it's not just me...check out other reviews as well as FourSquare Tips...they're just atrocious.   This place has the most frustrating, worst service in Pittsburgh.  I'm never going back.
3	This was the first time I have ever had seitan wings. What a great substitute!! The coconut tofu was very bland and the rice and veggies were soaked in oil soI didn't try them.Service was very slow and forgot things like water and refills were rare.Vegetarian menu was very impressive.
5	Great food and really cool atmosphere. Get the Philly cheeseburger!
2	What's the definition of crazy - doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.  Well I can honestly say I've gone crazy b/c of Double Wide.  I keep going back, thinking and hoping that this will be the time it's good, this will be the time it's great, but then reality slaps me in the face and reminds me of why I avoid it here.Besides the outdoor seating which is awesome, DWG doesn't have much going for it.  I've tried so many things on the menu and nothing sticks out as being "good".  But at the same time, nothing really screams "bad".  It's a totally forgettable dining experience.  I refuse to be DWG crazy - I've reached the end of our journey together and hope that we don't have the unfortunate pleasure of meeting again.
5	Dbl Wide is a great hangout due to their food and drinks but also because they are in the heart of South Side. Been going there for years and I always have a great meal and enjoyable time.
3	Decent beer selection. Above average barbecue for a restaurant in Pittsburgh. The Rueben Rolls are really good but I wish they gave you more than three. Great outdoor seating area. There isn't anything awful about this place but there is also nothing exceptional.
2	I want to like this restaurant and I keep going back bc I keep thinking its going to get better and it just never does.The atmosphere is fun and the outdoor seating is great.  The atmosphere is the only reason to go here.Well, their beer list is pretty good too.  That's why they get 2 stars.  Also, they do have a lot of vegetarian and vegan options so if you've got a veg friend and they want some mediocre food, take them here.Do not get hte cilantro lime dressing unless you want to have wretched breath all night.I've always had good service here.  I know a lot of people say they've had some problems but the service has always been great.  Considering the amount of really beligerent drunks this place gets, they staff is always nice!
4	I go here for lunch often. Every time we go we get great service and have good food. The atmosphere is really cool and the prices are great. I don't think it's amazing but I've never had a bad experience. Sometimes some of the food doesn't measure up, I would avoid the mashed potatoes. The burgers and sandwiches are great.
4	Tilapia tacos rule
4	Sunday brunch. Hungover, sitting at the bar. I figured I'd trudge through the meal and then make my way back home to relax. However, our bartender Lisa brightened the day. She herself was coming off a rough night as well, but had us laughing the entire time. She jokingly harassed the two of us for being camels and drinking all their water, but quickly wised up and gave us a pitcher of water. At one point, there were ice balls being made in the blender and being tossed around the bar. For food I got a Carnivore Omelet, which was good, but nothing to rave about. Our experience was completely made by our bartender Lisa (and the 3 great Bloody Mary's she made each of us). We headed out refreshed and much happier than we went in.
2	What can I say that hasn't already been said? I seriously don't know why I keep going back here. I want to rave about the food because their menu is interesting, but everything I've ever had has just been okay. The servers have always come off as somewhat rude. On numerous occasions, I've had to wait when there are plenty of open tables as they are always understaffed. As everyone has already pointed out, their outdoor seating is great, but if you come at a busy time, be prepared to wait for it.Their prices aren't outrageously bad, but you can get much, much better for your money elsewhere in Southside. Bottom line, unless you're from out of town and want this experience, go somewhere else.
3	Good drink selection with some interesting cocktails and was pretty empty when I was there in the afternoon. I didn't try any food but it looked pretty good.
4	One of the few places in Pittsburgh where vegetarians and vegans aren't an afterthought. Look at the back of the menu for lots of great veggie and vegan options. And, they are especially tasty, not your run of the mill grilled veggies.We tried the seitan wings, which were very good. Hubby had the grilled portobello reuben, which he thought was quite good. I had the grilled tofu with chimichurri sauce. Both were tasty options that we can't get elsewhere.Very laid back atmosphere, probably great for groups, but also for those with children. We'll be back for the brunch.
1	Probably one of the most disgusting places I have ever eaten!! The place was filthy and the terrible food was way overpriced! How does this place stay in business??
4	Pretty cool place to get wood fired BBQ. A converted gas station that offers inside and outside seating. Crowd is a great mix of locals and those traveling to the South Side for the evening.I recommend the beef brisket. The coleslaw is tops and the spicy BBQ sauce is excellent.  Good wait staff, but hit and miss on their knowledge of beers, which can be disappointing as they have a very nice selection.Great casual place to eat lunch on the weekends or hit it up before walking the streets of SS.
4	This is a great place to grab a bite; particularly when you can sit outside.  The food would be best described, to me anyway, as an upscale bar menu.  The Vegitarian and Vegan items are a nice option as my daughter is a vegitarian and it allows us to all have good food in a great atmosphere.
4	Surprised about all of the bad reviews here i thought the food was good and just the fact that it is on carson st in such a cool setting a convered car garage with a full size car.above the bar i enjoyed my experience here.
2	omg it's so FUNNY to have a restaurant that pokes fun at rednecks lol!!!!"Redneck refridgerator: 6 miller cans in a cooler"Screw you.People flock to this place to eat garbage and sit outside. It's these type of people that ruin the food culture of pgh. While the food isn't absolute swill it's not worth more than 2 stars.durr.
4	Never disappointed with Double Wide. Food is delicious. Beer selection is plentiful. Service is good. It gets a bit crowded here during their busy hours. I guess you just have to time it right. I love going for Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner. Hell, I guess I just love going.
5	Ok so in all fairness I have to admit that I was not there to eat but for karaoke and booze filled bachelorette party fun.I can't say anything about the food, but the menu looks great, and it's nice to see such a large vegetarian/vegan selection for those who prefer that type of cuisine.This review mainly concerns our waiter, Mike. Mike was about as awesome as a party of 11 revelers could ask for. He took every drink order, remembered it properly,even though we moved around the table,  and never blinked an eye at us when someone ordered 11 shots for the table...more than once. He also went above and beyond when one of the bridesmaids had a "wardrobe malfunction" with the strap on her tank top and brought us a pair of pliers to help fix it. Mike is the kind of employee any establishment would be proud to have!!(and I'm totally coming back here to try some pulled pork or brisket!)
5	Not the typical place you'd expect to find lots of veggie options. By the looks of it, you'd expect at best to have a veggie burger as the lone non-meat option. But out of nowhere, Double Wide has an entire vegetarian and vegan menu! It's a unique mix of people there, but I guess that's to be expected when you're part sports bar, part biker bar, and part hipster vegetarian restaurant.Lots of outdoor seating with picnic tables, delicious vegetarian options, and a huge beer menu. The Double Wide would be right at home in Austin, but it's on Carson Street. Five stars for sure.
2	I came here with the hopes of having some quality BBQ. I was disappointed from the moment they brought out the food. We ordered a sampler that came with ribs, pork, and brisket. The pork tasted of nothing but vinegar. The brisket was tough and chewy. The ribs were not satisfying. Couldn't even finish this very expensive meal. Will never be returning.
4	Double Wide has good beers and food, cool atmosphere, and corn hole outside. What more do you need? Double Wide is a pretty cool place to eat and have a drink. It's located in a converted gas station complete with garage doors. The food is pretty good with good burgers and BBQ. They even have some pretty awesome vegetarian options that are good by anyone's standards. Their Seitan Wings will make you change the way you think about tofu. They have a pretty awesome beer selection and the bar is super cool situated under a lift with an old truck on it. This place is great for groups and can handle large and small groups well.
2	No, no, hell NO! I've given the Double Wide Grill two chances, and have been dissatisfied each time. High prices, plain food, slow service...the only thing nice was sitting outside. My smoothie was watery and my portion of food was smaller than expected. I won't be going back.
4	I came here for dinner with a friend. She's a vegetarian and wanted to go to a place that had more options for vegetarians than just a salad. This place certainly fit the bill.We were seated immediately when we got there and our waiter was extremely nice. He was really on top of refilling drinks and even gave us a few beers to sample before we made our final choices. The food is a little expensive for what it is and it didn't blow me away by any means. It was good, but this is not a place I would crave anything in particular and have to come back. The food did come out pretty quickly and the service was great. They have a lot of vegetarian options too so it's good for groups with both meat eaters and non-meat eaters. Everyone will find something they will like on the menu. It was a bit cold outside so we dined indoors, but it seems like this would be a really great place on a nice summer night.Go for the consistently good service.
5	If you order the AYCE BBQ ribs or just BBQ ribs in general ask for the tender pieces. We did the AYCE ribs, the first plates were good, the 2nd plates were hard, and the third was ooh so good and tender. I loved the good ribs and I've had a lot of them from all over and its also a very good deal.They charge extra for sauce for the ribs however if they give you the tender pieces no extra sauce is needed.I like this place lots of outdoor and indoor seating and they have a garage theme. It's was very busy when we were there but they have lots of room for everyone. They also have couches which if you don't mine eating on a couch is just like eating at home cause they have tv all over the place.  It's also the perfect place to watch the game.
5	Love love love this place!  No where else have I been able to eat my own vegetarian diet while watching my husband blissfully eat his carniverous one!  He says the pulled pork sandwich is his favorite, followed by the ribs.  I am just so happy I can find tofu AND seitan cooked well in this town! I like getting the TV tray dinner, which I still have not been able to finish but gives me the option to ahve a variety of different dishes.  Oh, and the cornbread is AMAZING! Great selection of beers, fun place to watch a game or grab dinner.Mindy, the server, is awesome too!
5	Been here several times always ordered off the grill. My ribs have always been so tender the bone slides right out. Corn bread is also really sweet I love it. Plenty of craft beers and huge patio. Only gripe is service can often be a little slow. Kitchen open till 1 Friday and saturday.
4	We came here for brunch on a Saturday morning and the place was deserted. Which I actually liked because we basically had the place to ourselves. Good food, large space and a very relaxed atmosphere. We had the typical brunch food - omelettes and pancakes - services was fast and good! It's nice knowing you can go in sweatpants and not be judged. We'll def be back!
4	Lots of choices on there menu. The grilled veggie appetizer is very good. Nice place with a different atmosphere than an ordinary restaurant. Very friendly staff. They also make there own soda  , which is  tasty.
4	Totally not what I expected. The seitan wings were amazingly good, and the bloody mary was just the right amount of spicy. I ordered the Trucker Breakfast with the vegetarian sausage -- which was a slight mistake. The toast and eggs and potatoes were great, but the veggie sausage was off. It may have been the cooking oil as it had the odd aftertaste that comes with old oil.I liked my pancakes as well. Although I wish the butter offered was real, or at least fresher. I think restaurants really miss the mark when they offer butter or creamer in peel-off containers. Overall however, very good. I'd like to try some other things when I'm back.
3	Double Wide Grill was okay. I had a platter with brisket and a 1/3 rack of pork ribs. The ribs were good, but I thought the sauce was too sweet. The brisket was extremely dry, and the sauces served with it didn't really help.The platter came with french fries, which were okay, cole slaw that was unremarkable, and corn bread that I didn't eat because I'm on a gluten-free diet.  I shared a serving of wings, which I also thought were too sweet.  So nothing really wowed me, and the brisket was not good.  Total bill was around $25.There are about twenty beers on tap.  Each item on the menu is marked if it is wheat-free, vegetarian, or vegan, and there are many options of each type; also a separate gluten-free menu which lists all the wheat-free options.  This was very useful, and I was grateful for it.If I lived in the neighborhood, I might eat at the Double Wide a few times a year.  But I'm not in Pittsburgh much, and the food at the Double Wide was not wonderful enough to make this a place I would go out of my way to visit whenever I'm in town, so I think I'm not likely to go back.
4	I really like the double wide. That being said, it doesn't get 5 starts, because I have had some bad experiences there (plural). Their veg menu is awesome. The veg faux chicken wings are to-die-for! Most everything I have tried there was good, and their brunch has some interesting and delish veg options. That being said, I have had Turrible T-u-r-r-i-b-l-e service there more than once, and from different waiter/waitresses. They don't really seem to care if you need anything or want anything, and even when you ask, sometimes you don't get. I have also had food come out two shades gray of luke warm and then come back definitely microwaved, yet still delish...Overall, if you have time to wait and tons of patience (or are drunk) go there, they have good food and beer. If you are in a bad mood or rushed, skip it.
3	I've been to the Double Wide several times - it definitely has it's pluses, but also has minuses (hence, the middle of the road rating).Pluses:The cornbread:  It's good. It has a sugary crust on it that is a delightful surprise. I love corn bread and the Double Wide has gooood cornbread!The drinks: Fantastic, in general. The beer selection is great and they will bring you a sample of anything they have on tap to make sure you like it before you order a full draft.  The mixed drinks are generally pretty good too. They have a great mixed drink/cocktail menu that has a lot of fun stuff on it. That said, I've been there for brunch and what they serve as their bellini is NOT a bellini, which is really disappointing.The seating: It's big. You likely won't have to wait for a table. The outdoor seating is awesome when the weather is nice. It's a good place to watch sports (hockey!) because they have two huge TVs in the dining room and several other smaller ones.Minuses:The service: I've never had great service there. It's always slow and spotty. So frustrating.  The food: It's hit or miss, really. It's a shame because the menu is super varied and has a ton of options for everyone - carnivores, vegetarians, vegans, gluten-free, etc. It's just NOT consistent. I've had really good food there, but I've also had really bad food there. I've had great pulled pork and horrible ribs. Great fries one time, crappy, cold fries the next. But the cornbread! The cornbread is always good!Sooo. Bottom line: I never go out of my way to go to the Double Wide, but it's a good place to go to if I want to watch a hockey game w/ a group of people or every place else is packed.
2	Old Review: *****This place has been my favorite for a while now, but when they teamed up with Elysian Brewery (based in Seattle,) my top nearly blew. Always a good time with good people here; great selection of beer and the seitan wings are the best item on the menu! Other positive aspects of this place: Bloody Mary's, Happy Hour prices and grilled veggies. Just don't try to get a job here: The manager will make you wait for two hours and then tell you to come back another time.....New Review: *Grouchy staff + barely edible food... At least they still have delicious seitan wings!
4	Great vegan options, however the service, while super friendly and lovely, is quite slow, and the food is amazing, however they're often out of quite a few things, so have a few ideas of what you want when it's time to place your order...
4	This place is kinda becoming a make-shift reunion spot with my friends every time I visit Pittsburgh. It satisfies (well, more than satisfies) everyone from the hardcore carnivores, broccoli chomping vegetarians, grass fed bisons and vegans such as myself.I got the "Vegyro" (sounds so sexual) the last time I stopped in topped off with some tangy Margaritas... really good! Our waitress was cool as hell!(Can't remember her name :/ but... it was Friday night, March 22, 2013 about 7:30pm, back corner booth. 5 adults and one bad-ass baby boy!)  Ehem... management,.. she should be commended / given a monetary prize if you can figure out who it was.The whole back side of the menu is for vegans... this place is in "french-fries-and-fried-eggs-on-everything-pierogi-happy" Pittsburgh?! Terrific beer selections, really friendly staff, and a comfortable atmosphere in my favorite section of town, South Side.Why 4/5 stars? I'm strictly basing it on deliciousness I've had every time I've been in there. Not over the top "You SOOO need to go!", but definitely recommended.
4	Double Wide Grill is a surprising place to find vegan options, but I was more than happy with my findings. I went in and tried the lentil burger and fries as well as an order of seitan buffalo wings. My two friends ordered what I believe were vegetarian dishes - a portobello burger and some type of hearty chili. For a place that sells bar-like junk food, my lentil burger was certainly healthy. It tasted healthy. I wouldn't order it again because it was too healthy for a restaurant meal, and when I eat out, I like to indulge a little. Either way, I recognize its value as a good menu option and it is definitely a great choice for someone who wants to eat healthier when they eat out. The seitan wings were interesting. The restaurant obviously doesn't specialize in vegan food, but they had a unique texture and flavor I have never experienced with seitan before. That's a GOOD thing. The chili my friend had was also amazing. It was filling, nutritious and flavorful. Prices are great for the portion sizes, and our server was incredible. She was very helpful in helping us choose items, and she brought refills promptly. I look forward to returning to Double Wide Grill and trying some of the other vegan items on the menu. It's a fun atmosphere even though we went while it was quiet. I would love to go here again during the night and have drinks.
2	I only gave this two stars because of the decent vegetarian/vegan menu (I liked the seitan wings). I came back with my boyfriend and puppy because it was a beautiful day and we had known this restaurant for having a dog friendly patio (which we were looking forward to). As we approached the hostess stand I was immediately told to go to the new segregated dog friendly area of the patio which was sectioned off with a small wooden fence. This came as a surprise due to the fact that the reason we had previously liked this restaurant was for it's laid back dog-friendly atmosphere. As we approached a table we were disgusted by how filthy this area was- trash all over the ground, the tables hadn't been bussed... We sat and waited for a few minutes before a server yelled across the fence to tell us that menus and silverware were available on a plastic table for us to help ourselves to. The menus were small paper take-out quality and the silverware was in a tangled mess. We felt like we were uninvited guests at a trashy house party. Needless to say we left without notice. We ended up going to Aladdin's Eatery in Mt. Lebanon where we were promptly greeted by the manager with a bowl of water for our puppy.
4	Came here for some late nite food after barhopping down East Carson.What else to get at a gas station-turned-bar than some cheap beer (Yuengling) and a big ol' order of 30 wings--both of which hit the spot. The beef chili was also delicious, with big chunks of peppers, onions and tomatoes.Overall, I'd say this was one of the best places I ate at on my recent trip to the 'Burgh, and was a perfect way to cap off a night out with friends. I will be back.
1	Yea. Had massive stomach pains at 2:30 AM after eating here. I hate this place.I seriously hate this place.This place is what's wrong with the Pittsburgh dining scene.
4	Why don't I come here more often? That is what I am asking myself after coming last night. The food is surprisingly good and there are tons of options ranging from small plates to BBQ to vegetarian. If you happen to follow my reviews, you may have noticed that my theme this week is OUTDOOR SEATING!! (I guess it's that time of year...) With that in mind, Double Wide is one of the best options on the east end of the flats. While they were out of almost everything on tap, our waitress told us upfront and handled it well, apologizing profusely and offering to let us try some new beers. And now for the kicker... they have corn hole on the weekends!
2	I am not really sure why this place has such high reviews. So a few years ago we tried this place - it looks great from the outside and as we quickly discovered - terrible for the food. Fast forward to 2013 and my husband suggests we try it out again... I protest and he wins out. The food... again... not so awesome. the good: the service is great. Our waitress was just the right amount of attentive, friendly and efficient. Lacey is why this review has two stars instead of one. I also liked how the kids menu offered a mix and match of items and included fresh, raw carrots in addition to the veggie of the day and the usual suspects of fries. My daughter had the carrots and the grilled cheese and then a cookie we decided to wrap up fro later... she was happy. My husband was content his grilled cheese with bacon sandwich - with a side of fries. The bad: I had the pulled pork sandwich with the lug nuts (upcharge) on the side. First, the sandwich was served open face with no sauce on the pork. There was a strange serving of something that looked suspiciously like duck sauce on the side and was very spicy... not something I would pair with pulled pork. I decided not to use it and took a bite of the naked pork - it had like zero seasoning on it. yuck. we asked for BBQ sauce which - when added -  improved the flavor but it was pretty meh.. I have made much better in a crockpot at home. Plus... mixed in with the tender bits were a number of pieces that were not braised enough - chewy and tough - sinewy even. I picked those pieces out since I decided to eat it with a knife and fork instead of as a sandwich. Now the lug nuts looked interesting on the menu - garlic and herb potatoes... yeah, garlic - I can totally get behind that! um, the reality was what appeared to be deep fried chunks of potatoes that were fried in grease that does not taste like it was changed in quite some time. it had an off flavor to it and the garlic and herb sauce was terrible - strong flavor that ruined you for really any thing else. After a second bite with the sauce scraped off I asked for fries instead - again, Lacy was gracious and took care of me... the fries were ok - again, tasted like they were fried in old grease but it was tolerable. I think this is it for me with the Double Wide Grill. I don't care how great it looks from the outside or how popular it seems to be. It really makes me question how discerning people can be to think it is great food and go back again and again. about 10 minutes after leaving heartburn set in and now a couple of hours later I still feel slightly sick to my stomach. No third chances... avoid at all costs. but should you decide to try it out - hopefully Lacy is your waitress.
3	I've had some pretty mixed experiences here; it's very hit or miss. Great place to surprise friends with their inventive vegan offerings. Good place to take kiddos as well.
2	Double Wide Grill is the kind of place you want to be good, but never is. The only reason I am giving them two stars is because I have had experiences where the food was good (Brunch, Seitan Wings, various awesome vegetarian items that are available), however, more than often to the food is not great. I love the huge out door seating and the fact that there are so many great healthy but still enticing options to choose from on the menu, yet I only really enjoy the food probably half the time.One thing you can count on being awful is the service. Waiting forever for a table, getting to a table and waiting forever to have someone come serve you, bad attitudes and bad service are all regular occurrences at Double Wide. I think I am a pretty low maintenance customer, and I certainly can be patient and understanding. Yet I have given Double Wide so many chances and am usually disappointed or offended. I would much rather go to OTB or Library, which both have way better food and are a block away.
3	Unless I am sitting at the bar where the service is nearly impeccable, I refuse to dine at DWG. The only reason the tables are empty is because the wait staff and the kitchen cannot handle a full restaurant. I can find other places that are as good or better that are willing to sit me.
5	Visited the new Cranberry/Adams Twp location. Great food, atmosphere, service and now convenient location. Our new favorite for ribs. The sauce and rub are the best and the meat was lean and the bones pull out clean.
4	I stopped here on a whim for my burger and was decently surprised. I had one of their house made sodas and a burger and both were delightful. The service was alright, but the waitresses were dressed a little trashy for my taste. I think I've seen classier outfits at Hooters.
4	Took my kids, parents and in-laws to Double Wide for lunch yesterday.  My brother and his girlfriend eat there quite frequently and have tried most of the menu (giving it all thumbs up).  My father and I went with the Pulled Porky sandwiches; my mom got the burrito; and my brother and his girlfriend went with Salads (darn them and their healthiness)...I LOVED the BBQ and the sauce-on-side was lovely as well.  It doesn't look like typical BBQ sauce, but it rivals it in my opinion.  Even my father (73 and a persnickety eater) loved the BBQ and sauce.  Put on the sauce in moderation, however, as it does have some 'kick'.A good place for family eating - as the kids were kept entertained by the atmosphere and decorating; and the adults were kept entertained by the people-watching, exceptionally friendly service-staff, and good conversation.Keep up the good work and looking forward to coming back to relax on the patio for a lazy Saturday afternoon.
1	We were visiting from Chicago and called ahead to see if they took reservations. We were told Sundays were slow so we headed on over.  The  first thing I noticed was the waitress and hostess dressed in very short shorts and skimpy tops..on to the service....very slow. We waited quite a long time for a waitress. We asked if the appetisers could please come before dinner. They came at the same time, after a long wait. I have to have gluten free and the one gluten free appetiser was stuffed mushroom. The cheese wasn't melted entirely and it was cold in the center.  Wings weren't anything special.  We had to wait a long time to get our check which was pretty pricey.  To be honest the staff are very low energy and don't seem to care about their work. Whomever is doing the hiring may wan to consider work ethic and intelligence rather than cup size.  Also, I am not feeling well and I think I may have been given gluten.After reading some other negative reviews for this restaurant I wonder if the owners read their Yelp reviews.
5	Food is great with a ton of selections!! They also have opened back up the dog friendly outdoor section. They had to section off from the rest of the area and they did a great job.
1	I work on the South Side and I've been really curious about this place.  And I've had a BBQ craving lately.  So, despite the poor reviews about the service and food that my coworkers had given me, I decided to try it out.  I ordered a BBQ combo of brisket and ribs.  It was awful.  The brisket was chopped instead of sliced and it was lying in a pile under a quarter rack of ribs.  The brisket was dry as a desert with no sauce served at all, not even on the side.  And this dried up meat desperately needed sauce.  It had no flavor and no spice.  Icky!  The ribs looks good, but they were served as a quarter rack and the knife I had was just a dinner knife and would not cut through the ribs so I could separate them.  They had a little more flavor with some kind of slightly sweet sauce brushed on the outside.  But the best I could do was scrape a little meat off the bone. I took the ribs back to work and gave them to the office food scavenger.  If figured if he could find a way to cut them apart, more power to him.  The service was actually pretty good.  But that's not enough to get me back into this place.  I'm sure there's better BBQ somewhere in Pittsburgh.
4	Just a shout out to Double Wide for having such a fantastic vegetarian selection.  People, it's a barbecue joint--if they can make a whole page of vegetarian choices, how is it that I go to top-scale restaurants and they only have a token vegetarian risotto (if even that)?  Food, service, location--all great.  Thank you, Double Wide Grill!
4	This place is great for vegans and omnivores. They have a vegan/vegetarian menu with plenty of options for all. My favorite are the seitan wings with vegan BBQ sauce. I get them every time I go. I have tried a few of the other vegan dishes and liked them all but my go-to is still the seitan wings. The service is slow but staff are friendly. Gets loud during peak hours and when there is a big sports game on. Parking in this area of South Side isn't too bad either.
4	My husband and I were visiting the city and someone recommended this place. We went with a taste for barbecue. Double Wide delivered! I got a platter with some pulled pork and brisket. So tasty and tender. It came with two small cups of sauces and I enjoyed mixing each meat with each sauce, to find the best combo. They also had the best cornbread I have ever had! There were two choices for coleslaw, and I got the vinegar and garlic option, which I didn't care for so much for. It wasn't creamy at all. Overall, I did feel like it was slightly pricey, but maybe that's just that area. Service was satisfactory.
5	Was there in August moving daughter into Pitt.  She's a vegan and this place hit the spot for all of us.  From service, to decor, to food...all superb. A friendly funky find.
4	Great vegan/veg options!
4	I've been in here quite a few times and I really do enjoy this spot.  I've had a couple things that were so-so, but the things that are great are reaallly great! They've got some of the best nachos I've ever had; the cheese has a good kick to it and the chicken I add is always hot.  I also like the build your own tv dinner.  I get mashed potatoes, fruit, and the ribs [whomever I'm with picks the other stuff].  Soo good! The ribs are always tender and moist with a good amount of bbq sauce.I'm typically a carnivore but my vegetarian and vegan friends swear by their vegan menu!As for drinking, I typically get the Blue's Bathtub Tea which I believe is like a long island but with raspberry things instead of tea. Delicious!  Booze is a pretty reasonable price and they've got a lengthy list of beers on tap and bottle.Everyone has their off nights, but most of the time the service is spot on, friendly and attentive. Overall, I would recommend.
5	I have been to the Double Wide about a dozen times and have never been disappointed with the food.  My favorite is the Rubin and I am still trying to duplicate the sauce they serve with the sweet potato fries!   The servers have aways been friendly and right there when we needed them My partner is vegetarian and always enjoys being able to order tofu anything!  Not a lot of restaurants in Pittsburgh offer tofu unless they are Asian.
2	Had the Caribbean coconut tofu...totally bland and unseasoned! I was really hoping for great vegetarian food and will probably not be back!
5	Always am happy with DWG's veg options! Have been there recently for brunch and lunch. Thank you for great, quick service and good food!
2	Wow. I wanted to love this place, but I can't even say I liked it. The menu sounded awesome. BBQ for my hubby and some tofu action for me (I'm not a vegetarian; I just happen to like a lot of meatless dishes).  We stopped in for brunch and were disappointed left and right. The coffee was watered down and just not great at all. We ordered a grilled cheese with a side of bacon for our little nephew, and they gave us a grilled cheese with bacon on it AND on the side. Sadly, though, the grilled cheese was probably the best thing we ordered. Our meals were SO not ideal. I got the South of the Border Tofu Scramble Wrap, my husband got the Carnivore's omelet and my sister got the Breakfast Burrito. None of us were impressed. The portions were smaller than expected, the food was dry and lacked flavor, and somehow, our meals were lukewarm at best. I would hope this isn't the case, but it almost seemed like the burrito and wrap were made in advance and refrigerated, then microwaved once we ordered it. If I didn't have a Groupon to use here, I wouldn't be going back.
3	I have been going to Double Wide Grill for many years, especially during the time I was living in South Side a few blocks from the restaurant. I would say about 50% of my experiences have been good. I decided it was finally time to write a review.Double Wide Grill has a great atmosphere and  great selection of food. The restaurant is in a converted auto service station. They have a decent size dining room and offer a lot of outdoor seating when it is warm out. It is primarily a Barbecue joint that also has a large selection of sandwiches, burgers and vegan meals. The Barbecue is good. Probably a little too heavy on the pepper. I usually get ribs or brisket there. Both are good, but a little on the drier side than I would prefer. Mixed with sauce, the dryness isn't as noticeable. Their burgers aren't too bad. They also serve brunch on weekends. The brunch is good, but doesn't blow me away. Double Wide probably has the best barbecue in South Side, but certainly not the best in Pittsburgh. Double Wide also has a large selection of regular domestic beers and microbrews on tap. Their prices are reasonable considering you get a full plate of food.My issues with Double Wide have primarily been with service and misleading advertising. There have been multiple times I have eaten at Double Wide when our server has only taken one person's drink order and leaves or just disappeared for long periods of time and didn't check on our table or offer us the check when the table was cleared. We used to leave long comments on receipts complaining about the servers, but stopped after we noticed they never would fire the ones which everyone had issues. My recent experience, and why I decided to write the review, was after trying to use a Groupon. Every year or so Double Wide Grill offers a Groupon to attract more business. The Groupon lists no exclusions other than not valid on alcohol and the other regular Groupon terms. I was very disappointed when they told me in the restaurant their daily specials such as all you can eat ribs and wing night are excluded from Groupon use. This is not listed on the Groupon anywhere. Double Wide insisted these daily specials count as 'other offers' part of the Groupon. They even told me multiple people had tried that night to use the Groupon on the daily specials. It is disappointing they use the Groupon to bring you in, knowing most people will try to use it on the days with a special, only to have to order something else.I can't say I won't ever be back since I know friends will want to go there, and I know I am a sucker for all you can eat anything. However, I can say it will be a little while before this experience wears off and I return.
3	I had high hopes for this place and it was slightly disappointing. The seitan wings were delicious and a great choice, I highly recommend them. I had the trailer park punch which was advertised as "Best cocktail Winner" No, it wasn't. It was bland, and overall kind of yucky. For a cocktail that costs almost $8 I would like it to taste better. I had the seitan pulled pork sandwich, the bread it was on was a terrible choice. It was a multigrain bread that was super thin and it was hard to eat, and it was messy in a not delicious way.My boyfriend had the pulled pork platter, and it was delicious. It had a syrupy, tangy sauce and came on the perfect bread. He left fat and happy. The creamy cherry coleslaw was bland, I was waiting for something special but it never came.But overall, it was a nice experience. The decor is cool, the service is quick and courteous. I could see this place being fun in the summertime.
4	I've been to the Double Wide Grill several times and have had mixed experiences, however, I went this past Saturday with my parents and it was a home run.  We started with the crab black bean fritters - very tasty appetizer.  The draft selection was decent with a good list of seasonal craft brews.  For dinner, I had the meatloaf special with a side of mashed potatoes and a fantastic large piece of broccoli cooked to perfection.  My mom had the brie and portabella mushroom and my dad opted from the pulled pork sandwich.  No complaint from either of them.Service was fast and attentive.  We were there at an off time - around 4:30 PM on a Saturday so it wasn't crowded, however, the staff was all great.
2	Very hit and miss. Some items a great (the appetizers) and pulled pork, while others are bland and lack flavor, the fish tacos and chicken sandwich.  Decent Draft list. Best to go in summer and chill outside.
1	So I have been hearing about this place for years. Didn't expect much and wasn't disappointed. The food wasn't good but that wasn't the worst. The management doesn't have a clue. I was there with a few friends. There was a large table near us where one couple had brought their toddler boy, I'm guessing around 2. He was acting like a 2 year old. Mom and dad were doing their best to keep him occupied but he was rather active. The problem was the management and wait staff were demeaning, loud and downright rude to the mother about her son's behavior. We didn't really see anything out of control and the poor kid was 2. The staff made our table very uncomfortable throughout our dinner. We debated on whether to leave but decided against it. Should have left as our dinners were barely edible after suffering through the constant humiliation we were witnessing. It was obvious all the tables around us were also uncomfortable with the display as well. Even as someone without kids and not planning to have them, I will not be back. The display by the management was deplorable.
1	We wanted to like this place - the decor is cool, it's a comfortable atmosphere.  I came super hungry and was excited at the size of the portion.  Unfortunately, I got horrible food poisoning from this restaurant, as well as our house guest who ordered the same meal as I did.  We spent the night taking turns in the restroom.  I have never been so sick from a meal in my life.  As much as I had an okay expirience while I was there and I really liked the atmosphere, I don't think I could muster the ability to walk through their doors again out of fear.  :(
3	My first visit to the Double Wide.  Simple Friday night - Steak, Pepper & Bacon Salad with a side of Sweet Potato Fries.Two strikes on the salad:  Grasshopper pee on the lettuce (what we thought dead, wilted, brown leaves were when we were kids); and balsamic dressing that looks like brown gravy.  Um, yuk.  I will say that the steak, peppers and bacon were fine.Sweet potato fries were angel-singing fabulous.  I requested bleu cheese, but the server suggested their sugar-cinammon dip and it was terrific.  She was so right.  Loved it.The service was excellent: happy, helpful & quick.I might go back for the outdoor opportunity, but otherwise there's just no draw.Another thing that made me chuckle - they weren't really busy but there were two guys handling the greeting and seating chart.  It looked like they were studying for an exam.  ...maybe they were and I'm being harsh...
2	I have to say that I am incredibly underwhelmed with this place. For a restaurant that prides itself in vegetarian cuisine, I would say that the food I've had there is significantly below par. I've been to the Double Wide a couple of times for drinks (even though I avoid the South Side like the plague), but I recently stopped in for food after work on a Groupon. I was by myself, so I had to get a bunch of food to cover the $20 I got on my Groupon :). I started with the seitan wings, which were not cooked well at all. The flavors was great (I think I got the BBQ flavor), but it left a lot to be desired. If you want killer seitan wings, go to Spak Brothers on Penn in Lawrenceville! After the wings, I got a tofu dish with rice. Again, while the flavors and spices were tasty, the tofu wasn't cooked well at all. I know it's difficult to cook tofu well, but come on guys, you advertise yourselves as a vegetarian/friendly restaurant! More so, all of the food was sooooooo overpriced! The seitan wings to start were $10 for 10 wings. Next, the tofu dish was around 12 bucks. I think they jacked up the prices because they know most people are going there with Groupons. For food this bland and untasty, the bang was definitely not worth the buck. I will definitely not go to Double Wide for food again, and I can't recommend this place to vegetarians.
4	I would have never gone here on my own because I'm a vegetarian and the name just doesn't sound like a place for me.  Boy, was I WRONG!  What a pleasant surprise!  We had a large group of 11 and there was plenty of room to relax.  The atmosphere was so comfortable and we didn't have problems talking down the table with each other.  Being a vegetarian, the menu was fantastic for me!  So many great things to try.  I can honestly say that I have never been out to eat at a restaurant that serves seitan gyros.  I was so excited that there were so many CHOICES FOR ME!  Adding this to our list of "go to" places.PS Check for a Groupon!
1	DONT GET THE RIBEYE.  Decided to try the special which has been posted on the outside of the restaurant for several  weeks which was the 12oz ribeye steak.  I don't think I've had anything  as bad steakwise since ponderosa closed.  The texture of the meat was spongy and there was so much gristle it was difficult to cut.  The only discernable flavor was a slight smokey taste.  It was truly terrible.
3	Not bad!  Kind of a fun theme, lots of vegetarian options, and a good beer list.  I'm not a vegetarian, but opted for the potato tacos as an interesting choice.  All the fixings of a soft taco, only with mashed potatoes instead of meat.  Very tasty!  Friendly service.  The three stars is because I found it kind of gimmicky (like a Quaker Steak), and that really isn't my favorite atmosphere.
4	Came here late on a Thursday night, and our server was SO attentive (granted we were the only party there). Only beer on tap and food from the deep frier were available - but um, what else would I want late at night in South Side?? So bring it on!We got hot and also barbecue seitan "wings" with blue cheese dressing, and loads of raw veggies. The seitan plates were pretty small, but clearly delicious, because we devoured all of it. Even the obligatory celery sticks.They have a pretty solid beer menu, and the wait staff wear the most charming grease-monkey one-piece suits. It sounds like I'll have to return in summer to get some of that outdoor seating.
4	Our very first time here and I have to say I'm impressed.  Great service which is one of my musts to return to a restaurant.  We will be back. Their corn bread kicks ass and so does their beer list!  Reasonable priced and great food.  I had the pineapple  chicken wrap which was  phenomenal!  My husband loved their meatloaf with chipolte gravy.  The corn  black bean fritters were great if that's something you like.  Enjoy!
1	Will not be going back. Too expensive and had cold unseasoned pull pork. Wish there was actually a good barbecue around here.
4	While I have family in the area this is the first time staying in the city and I was in the mood for some BBQ. The Double Wide Grill hit the spot. Service was great, food was wonderful. I just wish I had had enough room to finish it all in one sitting. We will definitely be back.
3	Only been here once, and I would have given it two stars if not to give it the benefit of the doubt that the restaurant was in recovery-mode from Saint Patrick's day weekend. We went on a Sunday night, and we had difficulty placing an order because they were out of a lot of menu items/beers.The hot seitan wings were pretty good, I liked that they actually had some kick to them and enough sauce to make them satisfyingly moist. The whole order though was pretty pricey for the small portion size, especially compared to seitan wings offered elsewhere in Pittsburgh (OTB, Spak bros, etc), and the wing sizes were really mis-proportioned which made splitting the order as an appetizer awkward.They were out of vegan rolls for burgers, but I was craving a one, so I ordered the vegan lentil burger anyway on the multigrain bread. When it arrived, it had no toppings (lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle) so I had to call back the waitress to ask for them and for some mustard. The lentil patty was good, but the meal tasted like a sandwich rather than a burger. The vegetable side of zucchini and squash was pretty watery and mild, though not terrible, I regretted not ordering a different side.I'd be willing to give this place another try, since I've heard the veggyro and vegan fries are good!
3	I usually go here for Sunday brunch after a weekend drinking. I tried on a Saturday night once but I was told there would be an hour wait, so we went next door instead. I never have a problem getting a table on Sunday though.The food is great. I wish they'd give more than a spoonful of those seasoned diced potatoes though, they're so good, but you only get 6 to 7 pieces. I recommend the carnivore's omelette, though the steak and eggs is good too. The screwdrivers are always sting as well.The decor is great too, and it's a great place to relax with a low noise level.... However! The reason I gave 3 stars? Every time they drop off the check you won't see the waiter again. Even after handing the check back and asking for a refill, you won't see the refill. In fact, asking the wait staff for anything is a task.
1	This place is disappointing. I've heard good things about brunch, but don't come for dinner. I had an appetizer. I sent it back because it was icebox cold, and it came back lukewarm. Definitely detracted from the experience. Beers for $5.75. I'm not coming back here.
3	We lived about three blocks from this adorable spot. I loved walking past an inhaling the rich BBQ smoke every time. And while the decor was funky, fun and the ideal patio drinking location, I had to give it -2 stars for the consistently inconsistent food from the kitchen.Don't get me wrong, the food was fun and appealed to all palates and dietary needs. My boyfriend and I could tear up some serious Junk Yard Nachos and my gaw, their Chicken Bonanza should be illegal for how tasty it is. I just hope they've changed the recipe for their turkey burger. I am extremely sensitive to the food service industry. I worked my way through high school and college in almost all job descriptions at restaurants. I've never sent food back. Ever. But the turkey patty was not the ground turkey style you'd typically expect. It was cold, minced turkey mush and it looked like it wasn't cooked through. If it were beef, I probably would have been fine, but because turkey can cause more foodborne illnesses, I got nervous. The server was apologetic, but explained that their patties are different. I wish the menu indicated that.We never made it for brunch, but I have no doubt its awesome. This is a fabulous spot in the spring to sit outside or inside for Karaoke in the fall. Solid spot. If you're on East Carson Street, give it a go.
3	Well.....     there was high points and low points.    The meat served here is excellent.    Brisket, chicken, chorizo were all good and the sauces had a good amount of heat.     Fresh salad and food cornbread (which I generally don't like).....   but their sides kind of suck.    I got cheese frits and they didn't salt the grits..... and you just can't fix them after that......   my mashed potatoes were dry and just terrible.......   I didn't even take them home(you get a lot of food... so lunch is covered the next day)......The service was OK......   the server was attentive but looked me like I was crazy to ask for ranch for my chicken....The place is decorated pretty neat but is loud and their regulars are kind of obnoxious.....Overall.....   the meats are great and I suggest people that like BBQ to go......
3	Stopped here for dinner Sunday. It's a gas station converted into a restaurant which was cool. There was also plenty of outside seating. We ordered the dry rubbed wings as an appetizer, and shared the full rack. The meat was tender and fell off the bone, but it was not the best ribs I've had. They were also sparse with sides. Also a full rack of ribs came with only four onion rings (at an additional charge) and a small piece of burnt corn bread.  Keep this as your 2nd choice.
4	This was the first real meal sit down meal on our recent trip to Pittsburgh. We were thrilled to discover that Double Wide Grill had lots of vegetarian/vegan options and was just a short walk from the Holiday Inn Express we were staying at.Double Wide Grill is a fun diner style restaurant with a car/gas station theme. There was a beer chandelier directly above our table. I didn't get a photo of the outside of the restaurant, but it had a nice outdoor area where dogs can hang out too!We ordered a full order of the seitan wings ($9.79) with Cletus' signature hot sauce. It also came with ranch dressing and some veggies. This was quality seitan. Very tender. We gobbled it up really quickly. I'm not one to shy away from junk food, especially when I'm on vacation. We also shared the BBQ Pulled Seitan ($9.29), which was delicious! The multi grain vegan bread was perfect with the seitan. It wasn't stringy like pulled pork, but was sliced into thin, tender strips and had a good texture. Good stuff.For beer, I got the Thirsty Dog Old Leghumper. It was a tasty American Porter that paired well with all the seitan, but let's be honest, I clearly ordered it just so I could say that I've had a beer called Leghumper!
3	Good bar for a lively crowd and a decent beer selection.  I didn't try the food, so I can only judge the place strictly on liquid refreshments and the bar area. Friendly service and very accommodating...just wish they offered a beer special or two.That said, it's a fun, colorful atmosphere with plenty of easily visible TVs to take in a sporting event. I'll definitely return.  Until then...cheers!
1	I did not enjoy my visit to Double Wide Grill.  They have a dog patio which seems like a good idea in theory.  I brought my gigantic 7 lb dog who i kept in my lap the whole time because this place was packed with dogs that people were not paying attention to.Also, if you have to sit in the dog section, expect the worst dining experience of your life. You are treated like you have the plague. No one cleans the tables between customers, there is garbage on the ground everywhere.  You have to eat off Styrofoam plates and use disposable cutlery.  The icing on the cake... the waiter cannot come into the seating area so you have to go up and wait until they come back out or hope to be able to catch them as you run up there bounding over dogs.You also have to get your food when it comes out.  BUT they do not bring your food out in any particular order.  I was there with my friend and his entree came before our appetizer did. Then my dinner came out dead last after he was done eating and pretty much ready to go.The food sounded good, but I honestly cannot say anything stood out. it was all kind of "meh".I have been to many dog friendly eateries and this one may be dog friendly, but it certainly isn't people friendly. I probably won't ever come here again.
5	One of my favorite places to eat in the Southside. I love the food. The service is always amazing. The vegan and vegetarian items are clearly marked, and makes it easy to order. Prices are great. Awesome selection of beer. Try the bbq seitan on a wrap... with cheddar cheese. And shoestring fries. It makes my day.
2	My husband and I, and our dog were eagerly looking forward to dining at the Double Wide.  We had read about the great food, and respected the owner's efforts to allow dogs on the patio.  However, on a recent Saturday afternoon, we were greatly disappointed, primarily, but not solely due to the poor service.  After finding a table, we sat waiting for approximately 20 minutes, until I decided to ask the hostess for assistance.  En route, a server asked me if I was seated in the corner; and beckoned me to the counter (we had read a review a while back, and recalled that the servers were not permitted on the "dog" patio, but didn't know what we were expected to do).   He told me to grab a menu, and walked away.  A while later, he stood at the counter, yelled over, and said that he had forgotten to explain the specifics, namely, we place our order at the counter, and get our own utensils, water, etc.---which was fine, had he done so when we got there, minus the rude demeanor.  As for the food, it was disappointing that only the brunch menu was availlable, but we managed to find a few items, which were just ok.  I'm guessing that dishes, glassware, etc. are not allowed because of the dogs, but food served on a paper plate without a side dish or even a garnish was very unappealing.  Our breakfast burrito was also cold, and for almost $10, should have come with something other than sauce.Cocktails were also a joke.  I guess beer is the thing here, but we ordered mixed drinks and mimosas, which came in plastic cups barely larger than a dixie cup, and were definitely overpriced.We are generally pretty easygoing, and don't tend to complain, but I have to agree with another reviewer that you feel like you have the plague in the dog area.  The waiter seemed put out that he had to deal with us, and at one point, another server ran in and grabbed some items left behind, and ran out, as though she might catch something.  The final straw occured while I was waiting to pay the bill; our waiter presented a couple of large dog bones to the customers' dog right next to me, but didn't offer our pup a thing...I guess she didn't rate either!!  Definitely won't be back.
1	The only reason this place gets a star is because I liked their sauces. This place seemed really dirty. There was a section to bring your dogs. Thanks for the ticks. THE SERVICE SUCKS! We were there for 25 minutes before getting our drinks. Then after we sat down, another couple was seated and ordered after us and got their appetizer and meal before we got our appetizer. The waitress seemed to be zeroed out, so that's what she got on the tip section of the check, a big ZERO. Just because your waiting on me doesn't mean I have to tip you. Tipping comes from being satisfied with your experience. Sorry but I'm not sorry. Definitely won't be back. Seemed kinda trashy.
5	Love it! Relaxed atmosphere, good beer, and the dog patio makes this place our go to after a long day.
2	I've had lunch here several times and was pretty impressed. I was there for dinner last night and ended up leaving after sitting for 2 hours and never getting service. I had to practically tackle the bar tender to get an iced tea. A little more organized table management needs to be incorporated. I was the only one who sat for a long time without service. I saw another guy chase a server down to get food after sitting for 40 minutes.Good food, terrible service.
2	I was there 7/5/2014 & ordered a whole slab of ribs platter. The ribs were fall off the bone. However, the ribs tasted quite like they were baked & not smoked. They were overpriced. They didn't have any hickory or mesquite flavor. I told the waitress that. My fruit cup was not full. My grits were Ok but not delicious, but cheesy. The service was good, but my food was overpriced, more than $24 per order. That's why I only ordered water to drink. The atmosphere is good. I sat outside on the patio. For the price, I expect delicious and I didn't get that.
5	All I have to say is Seitan Wings! For all my Vegans trying to curve you Hot wing cravings this is the place! I was in Pittsburgh for work and my awesome driver found this place for me. I wasn't sure what to expect since I hadn't been to many Bars that had vegan options. I 'm from Texas where beer and BBQ go hand and hand not meatless wings. I was thrilled to be able to sit at the bar have a beer and enjoy a vegan meal!  The staff was helpful and friendly . This was my first time to Pittsburgh and Double Wide definitely left a lasting impression.  Great Food and great service. looking forward to my next visit to Pittsburgh!
4	While in general I am not the biggest fan of the venues in the South Side this one is a nice spot to hang out and have some drinks and a grab.  There is a lot of outdoor sitting, which makes it ideal for the summer time.  The service was fast and helpful. The drinks were solid and the food even better! Two of us order the pulled pork sandwich and it was as good as it gets, while their vegetarian selection is huge and great (based on the vegetarians of our group).  All in all, I think it is worth a try if you have not visited the place and I am sure you will like it.  Only negative point, is that they could use some more care in the facility - it looks dirty and old (which of course does not necessarily mean that it is, but it could use some more care).
3	I want to love this place, I really do, and I usually don't give bad reviews. With that being said, however, our visit to double wide was not a returning worthy one.First things first: Service= terrible. I work in a coffee shop and never should you ever let your customers just sit there for ten minutes without even asking if they want water...especially if it's slow! One of the waitresses walked past us four times, got the people in front and behind is, and didn't even say hello to us or be right with you. Service like this is really unacceptable. I would understand if it were busy, but the fact is that it wasn't. Food: now the only reason I would ever return is the food. It's so good...and that's what makes me want to love the place. We both had seitan wings which were cooked to perfection and tasted wonderful. We also ordered a basket of fries, not worth it. They charge you 4 dollars for literally one potato worth of fries...and they weren't even good looking fries. They were soggy and cold. So just beware going here. Good food. Bad service.
5	So going back since this last review and things have turned around completely. The last few meals have been great, servers are nice and times have sped up. Maybe there's some new management but I can't complain. We go there a lot. One of the best places in the summer too!
3	The outdoor seating is great, really get to see all the sights of the South Side. I ordered a cheese burger which was excellent, 1 of the best burgers I ever had. Came with a side of fries which were pretty good but wish they would of gave me more.  My wife had the cooked vegetable and Brie salad and added grilled BBQ chicken.  She said it was also really good. Other than not getting enough fries the 6 blue moon beers we had were a bit expensive ($33). They have a huge extensive menu and can't wait to go back and try something different.
4	Lots of veggie/meatless options. I really liked the seitan gyro. The veggie lentil burger was very substantial and thick, nothing like a frozen patty. The seitan wings are large squares with a grainy breading/coating. Not the best, but not bad either. Good beer selection. One of the largest outdoor patios in the city.
4	Good beer, burgers, and BBQ. The menu is pretty ambitious at first glance; they have like 4 different "whole meal" options, but I would recommend the TV Dinner option. Your choice of two mains, three sides, and cornbread. I've had all the BBQ and it's all good. The sweet potato fries are great too: they come out crispy and not too soggy. The reuben egg rolls are another good unique Pittsburgh item. I'd go back to this place.
3	Lots of meat on the menu - ribs, BBQ,. I got the meatloaf - pretty good with lumpy garlic mashed potatoes- the strings beans were hard, I sent them back only to get the same beans back just hotter and tougher, the waitress couldn't fix it.
4	Lots of outdoor seating and huge portions of BBQ!I would recommend the reuben egg rolls with the thousand island dip. These we're surprisingly good and its not too heavy of an appetizer. You'll have plenty of room for your entree!Go for their tv dinner combos and you'll have plenty of food and a good variety! I especially liked their cornbread! Yum!Be careful as usually the weekend crowd rolls through and depletes their beer selection so you should try getting here later in the week. There were a couple of beers I wanted to try but they were all out on a Monday. I would come back here for their bbq and drinks! Just was annoyed by all the bugs while I was sitting outside.
5	This is the review of the dog patio. Yes, they have a dog patio. There's a few basic rules, but the awesomeness of having lunch with your pooch far outshines it. Nice patio and ADORABLE doggy menu. Our dog prefers the chicken breast. All in all, our best double wide experience yet. Oh, and the people food is delicious!
3	I came here on a whim one night when the boyfriend and I couldn't think of anywhere else to eat. I've been here a few times and remembered not ever being that impressed, but decided to give the joint another shot. Plus it was a gorgeous night and this place has awesome outdoor seating. This place is known for their vegetarian and vegan selections and they are perfectly accommodating for meat eaters as well. The menu has tons of options. we first ordered the nachos as an appetizer since the table next to us had them and they looked incredible. They were delicious! Although, the nacho chips themselves were very salty. The salsa was great and we really enjoyed them. For a meal, my boyfriend ordered their American cheeseburger. He enjoyed it but said there wasn't anything that noteworthy about it. I ordered off their vegetarian menu and had their potato tacos. From the description, they were supposed to be made with smashed potatoes... Smashed, to me, means that they still are chunky potatoes with hints of mashed pieces. The potatoes on my tacos were literally mashed potatoes.. It was very odd. I ate them , but did not really enjoy them. I ordered their string fries as a side rather than beans and rice and found them to be very salty. Overall- it's an average place with awesome outdoor seating and an awesome selection of vegetarian and vegan items. I probably won't return unless a group of friends insist that we go.
3	I like sitting on the patio to eat here. And it's dog-friendly (you can bring your pups to eat on on the patio--very cool). Decent beer list. Food is pretty good, but disclaimer-I'm not vegetarian or vegan, and this place is known for that sort of fare. I think if you are a vegetarian or vegan, you would give this 5 stars.
4	Very friendly staff. Amazing selection of food, definitely recommend trying the mac n cheese.  Best part is the dog patio available.
3	I was very excited to go here since there are so many vegan options, it's a definite plus. I ordered the veggyro with red pepper rice and my sister ordered the pulled seitan sandwich with a fruit cup. It's a great place to watch the game or have a big group. When our food came they got my sisters order wrong and didn't put tomatoes or lettuce in her sandwich. They also gave her coleslaw instead of her fruit cup. I thought the seitan in the veggyro had way too much sauce spilling out of it too. At least the food was good and the service was friendly and fast.
4	I get the pineapple chicken wrap with sweet potato fries every time I go here for lunch and they never disappoint. It is a truly unique wrap. I used to not like this place because the food I got was always so-so until I discovered this gem. I get an extra side of the buffalo sauce because it is THAT good and the sweet potato fries come with a cinnamon sugar dipping sauce, which is phenomenal. I would highly recommend this place to anyone in the southside area.
4	Decent food--they have a nice selection of vegetarian options.A little pricey for what they serve though.
4	Great atmosphere, lots of vegetarian and vegan options! Clean facilities and the dog patio is adorable! The veggyro was delicious and 100% vegan!
4	I have never had a bad experience at Double Wide. This place really shines in the summer, as there is outdoor seating with a great atmosphere. I've been here for brunch as well as lunch/dinner.Recommendations: Brunch -- DOUBLE WIDE BENEDICT. Quite possibly one of my favorite brunch dishes ever. Sweet, savory, DELICIOUS! A must try!Lunch/ Dinner -- BBQ Pulled Porky - A great pulled pork sandwich, melt in your mouth good!I've always thought that the prices here are a little high, but the food is good so if you have some extra cash to shell out, put this on your list of things to visit in the southside
5	The BBQ Pulled Porky is absolutely delicious! The staff was personable, fun, and helpful in suggesting local favorites. We enjoyed looking at the auto memorabilia stashed creatively in the decor. Hope to return!
5	This place really hits the mark   Nice ambiance.   Wonderful selection of beers on tap.  Above all, the food is delicious:   The ribs are super tender and fall off the bones.  The pulled pork is juicy. Great sauces.  Crispy grilled brussel sprouts (awesome veggie of the day).   All around great experience.
1	No option for 0 stars, but the grits made me comfortable with 1 star. Here is the bullet points of our visit:1- 15 minutes, no greeting.2- waiter had the personality of a chalk board3- 30 minutes for food4- EVERYTHING was cold5- the worst eggs Benedict presentation in history6- more sauce, less paprika7- no empathy8- second round of eggs Benedict was terrible too9- ran out of home fries, and without warning everyone got fries.What a terrible experience. Just terrible. We both said on the way home "we should of just got whoppers".
4	Let me start by saying that there are a lot of chairs. This is the sole reason for a four star review instead of a five star review. They were slightly too tall and a shorter person may not have been able to have their feet touch the floor. I am not short, and my feet firmly touched the floor, but I worry for my short friends and family who may have their legs dangling while they eat. This could be quite a displeasure. What I do like about the chairs is that you can use the posts for a temporary cup holster in an emergency situation. Very handy! The padding on the chairs are mediocre at best and left my buttocks slightly asleep during and shortly after my meal. Along with these minor grievances the chairs are too heavy for the average human, which leads me to believe these chairs quite possibly weren't made for human beings. Just a thought. All in all, good food. Horrible chairs. Great atmosphere.(P.S. The booths looks more comfortable)
2	This place has gone so downhill over the years. The last few times I was here it was disgusting. Will never go back.
4	This place rocks!  The food is great, and the beer selection is very good.  It tends to get a little pricey, and given its South Side location it's not uncommon to have a bunch of somewhat rowdy college kids here and there.  Double Wide is great for groups with a wide range of dietary preferences, including vegan food and traditional (i.e. meat) BBQ.  There's something for everyone here!
3	Man, I really want to like this place more than I do.  I love the decor and the vibe, but the food is lacking.  I just moved here from Austin, Texas and I'm a vegetarian.  I like that Double Wide has veggie options, but they just aren't very good.  I've been there mainly for brunch and I always get the Southwestern Tofu Wrap and I add guacamole.  To be fair, maybe I should just order something else, but this always sounds so good.  It just doesn't taste very good.  It lacks in flavor and the guacamole doesn't appear to be housemade.  It look like something you get in a bag.  Another note, the portion sizes are tiny.  Not just for that dish, but I've been with several other people for brunch and I look around at everyone's plates and there just isn't a lot of food there.  Like I said, I really want to dig it, but I think you need to step it up in the food department.  I'll keep trying it, but maybe next time I'll get the veggie burger.
2	Honestly the worst service I have had in Pittsburgh. Some McDonald's are better. No greeting, no water, then no refills. The food was cold and so uninteresting.
5	Best place to eat in the southside. Pulled pork sandwiches and burgers were great! The place has a diner-type feel because it was a gas station turned into a restaurant. 35 cent boneless wings made for a nice appetizer. Highly recommend if you're looking for a nice place to eat in the southside
