4	Best BBQ in the Phoenix Area,Move over Honey Bears and those fans of Stacy's.  "slow cooking is the true artform of tender bbq." Could I be more bold than this review.  This place defines a hole in the wall restaurant and produces the best food and experience it can offer with out selling out.  From the employees that will try their best  to learn your name to the love in the food with the Texas feel.  I put my credibility on the line for this "hole in the wall joint" What an experience.  East of Broadway and 24th St. this building has proved to be a destination location for greatness.  One of the hardest things a business can  do is stand alone and not become successful because of traffic rates or marketing investments.   At anytime you can see that people drive and walk far to support the location.  Take my advice if you want the Best BBQ and respond with a review of your own.
5	I worked on 32nd St and Broadway for over 5 years. I knew of every small hole in the wall place to eat and Mims is a favorite. Think of Lennys burgers made with love and then throw in the best green chili burrito's, catfish, chicken wings, bbq etc. Don't expect fine dining or fancy place settings, but you can expect good food. The owner is also a Pastor and it was always fun to visit on Sunday's after mass when the entire congragation would show up. (I should have been born to a black family) I miss you Mim...
5	Doesn't look like much from the outside, but serves up awesome food.On a recommendation from DarrenC, I tried this place.  I drove right past it on my first pass, totally didn't even notice the little stand-alone building sitting back from Broadway in the ghetto.  They have burgers, BBQ, Catfish, sandwiches, etc.  The owner is, apparently, a preacher and likes to blast emotional, uplifting gospel-type music which, surprisingly, adds to the enjoyment of the place, and I am not a fan of church or religion.Oh, and the best part.... they serve up sweet tea.  If you work around here, just try it, you will be adding it to your rotation, guaranteed.
5	I had the BBQ pork sandwich today. The thing is huge! I had to use two hand to hold it. The pork was falling out everywhere and the juice and sauce dripping down my hand. Although it is not the very best I have had (the sauce was lacking a bit) the value made it worth the 5th star. I hear Mim also owns Cafe 36 on Indian School and Central in a office complex?
5	Mims Burger & Mexican Food was revealed to me by my sister and sometimes when I think about it (even when I JUST ate), my stomach growls.  The restaurant itself just SMELLS GOOD sitting there and waiting for your food to arrive.The strange name would sort of, you know, ordinarily turn me off from trying the place because I think when restaurants serve this AND this they usually just serve two wildly different forms of food, both of which suck.  Mims serves legitimately good Mexican food, burgers, hotdogs and everything else.Even if you're NOT in the area, it's worth going a bit out of your way for it.Five stars.  Places don't get much better.
4	I will admit Mims serves up some seriously good food BUT the place is really small and super ghetto. You have to walk through a screen door then open the front door to get in like your walking into someones house( in the ghetto of course). When you get in its hotter inside than it is outside and it does NOT smell good. I walked into the bigger room on the side where the the games are and it smelled like a cat was living back there! I ordered a chili dog and french fries with an iced tea. They put real shredded cheese on the chili dog not the artificial cheese and the french fries were crispy and tasted great with ranch. The food makes up for the poopy atmosphere and if you eat here make sure you place your order to go.
5	This is the ghettoest burger joint I think in the whole world. From the outside, there is no way 99% of respecting human beings would dare walking in and ordering something. But I was confident in my fellow yelpers reviews and gave this place a shot. Ordered a 3/4 lb triple burger with bacon and large chili cheese fries. Very very good. I don't think 5 people could have finished the fries. It's way too much. Huge juicy patties and with all the fixins you want on it. Note to self, when ordering "large" from a hole in the wall, ask how big the large is. It's not always McDonald's large.
2	I wanted to like this place, but I didn't. It was really dirty. The BBQ pork was overcooked and tough. The sauce was so-so. This place is mediocre at best. All in all nothing was really that tasty. On the upside they have some old pinball machines so bring your quarters, wizard.I think people give five stars to hole in the wall places just to be special. Truthfully, I'd be surprised if my post actually gets POSTED since yelp gets paid to take down posts that aren't four or five stars. Look into it people - do your research.
4	I wish I could give it 3.5 stars, but it wasn't an option.  I honestly don't think I've had the right thing here, but I see the potential.  I had the brisket my first time and it was pretty good.  Not the best, but pretty good.  The second time, I was dumb and ordered a Club.  Bad move, not worth it at all.  I need to go back and stick to the Southern food, so I'll give it the benefit of the doubt.Having said that, their potato salad is great.
4	As mentioned below, not the greatest atmosphere, but when it really comes down to it, I don't give a damn. I'd rather be eating a magnificent hot-link sandwich in a dusty, dimly lit place than a stale sad-looking sandwich at the bright and shiny Subway two blocks down. Prices are great, they have a wide variety of choices and of everything I've had so far has been immense. The guy who run's the place is wonderful-- we were there and the power went out from the storm and he just kept on making our food like there was nothing to it. It is dingy looking and you might think twice before going in, but do. It's good. Oh! And they have catering, in case you have need of this in your life.
4	I had the vegetarian breakfast burrito.  It was very good.  The tortilla and the sauce that came with it was spot on.  I really like potato in my b/fast burritos though and it didn't have any.  Lucky for me we had ordered french fries that were delicious and so I opened my burrito and put some in.  Perfect solution.My husband and son shared the 18 piece chicken wings.  They thought they were okay.  Not bad but not the best they ever had either.  My son thought they were a bit dry but my husband liked that they weren't fatty.  My son also didn't care for the peppery taste vs. the vinegarry taste he is used to.One of my girls had the turkey sandwich.  It was a hot sandwich and a hit all around the table.Another child had the grilled cheese and it was just what you would expect a grilled cheese to be.The lemon flavored sweet iced tea was real good!Cheap meal for a family.  I don't know that I recommend it when hot out because the air conditioning doesn't work so well.  It does have video games and a couple of them were free.  Not sure if they always are or if we just got lucky.  This is the type of place that you order at a window and then pick it up to go or sit down.  Very easy for families.If you want to tip and are using a debit or credit card then you need to tell the guy before he charges the card or it is to late.
3	Decent food for a decent price. Has tons of menu items, from breakfast to bbq to burgers, hot dogs and Mexican. Building is somewhat run-down.
3	We stopped at Mims based solely on Yelp's review.  Mims is definitely your "hole in the wall" establishment, and not much to look at.  I had the 1/2 bacon cheeseburger and onion rings.  The burger was slightly overcooked, but I forgot to specify medium rare, so that may have been my fault.  The onion rings were actually very tasty and crispy.  If you can overlook Mims appearance, the value is very good.
5	So one lonely night... OK wait... it wasn't lonely...I was at a friends house...And we were playing Mario Kart on the Wii (very fun BTW).We got a craving for chili dogs (and no we weren't smoking!)So, we headed out to Sonic, since that was the only place we knew that would have chili dogs at 10pm. We pulled up, looked at the menu and went... MEEEHHH...So I wipped out my phone and opened Yelp and did a search for "chili dogs" and up popped up Mim's.We pulled up and I'll be honest... the place was looking downright shady. If someone discharged a gun while we sat there, I don't think I would have been too surprised (this was late at night and the only thing that illuminated the weird colored building was one flickering street lamp). My friend looked over to me and was like "are you SURE this is the place??????" with a bewildered look on his face. I was like, yep, sure is! Just then, someone walked out looking normal and unmugged (I guess). I said, well, let me tell you this... 11 people reviewed this place and it still maintains a 4.5 star rating. It can't be that bad!So we went in.Boy was this place awesome! The menus is just outrageous. It has things on the menu that I've never seen before. It is a bit messy with things crossed out and white-out'd. But as another poster mentioned, it smelled good in there. Like, back home cooking where people made stuff from scratch, not ripped it out of a prepackaged box and  tossed it on a grill for 30 seconds.BONUS! The place has old pinball machines and arcade games! HOLY HELL this is freaking badass! I'm actually glad the food took a while to make because it gave us a chance to be little schoolboys from 1986 and cram quarters and get our fix in! Seriously cool and I will be back for more chili dogs and bologna and BBQ bologna sandwiches!
3	Last week I was driving down Broadway in Phoenix and a little yellow building caught my eye.  The sign read "Mims Burger & Mexican Food".  I made a few more passes by later in the week and last night I decided to bite the bullet and check Mims out.The building appears to be quite old and the restaurant is nothing fancy.  A few tables and long counter style table with stools and some older pinball and arcade games.  The menu has various prices scrawled on it with some items crossed off.  Nothing fancy here.The menu offers a mix of standard American fare, southern and Mexican food.  I was tempted to order a hot link or BBQ plate but I was a bit short on funds so I ordered cheap: green chili burrito and chili dog.  The burrito left much to be desired.  It wasn't bad but it wasn't better than a Don Miguel frozen burrito.  The chili dog, however, was quite delicious.  It took a few minutes for my order to be ready but that's okay.  Everything was prepared as I ordered.  They didn't have dogs sitting there ready to go.  I don't mind waiting for someone to actually cook my food.Mims offers a lot of BBQ options and I think that may be the bread and butter here.  When I return that's what I'm going to try.  If they can serve up a good BBQ plate then I may have to upgrade my star rating.
2	Based on the reviews, I had to to try this place. I had the pulled pork with potato salad and some sweet tea. I was no where near being blown away like many of the other reviews suggest. At best, my meal was just shy of mediocre. The pork was reheated in a microwave and the bbq sauce was bland. The potato salad was run of the mill with a factory fresh quality. I suspect it is purchased and not made in house. Even the sweet tea was lacking. It's probably closer to micky d's sweet tea than anything you will get in the deep south.I will say the place does offer value for what you get. It's just that the food is not special. What is special is the place itself. I will go back again and bring family or friends just to see the expression on their faces. It's more about surviving the trip than it is about discovering a tasty hole in the wall.
4	You gotta try Mim's Burger & Mexican Food for lunch if you haven't tried them already!  This is a little "hole in the wall" place located very close to the airport.  Catching an afternoon flight out to "BFE" from Sky Harbor the other day I decided to give Mim's Burger & Mexican Food a try. I was greeted by this very friendly man, the owner I believe, who was doing everything from taking orders to cooking and cleaning.  This place is bigger on the inside than what it looks like from the outside.  It's "dive-ee" inside too, but its clean and he has some really cool retro video games and a couple of pinball machines :^)I ordered a double cheese burger with a side of fries.  He fried the fries fresh and I watched him cook the burger.  Everything he makes is homemade and taste very good.  This is another one of those places "you can't judge a book by it's cover", so stop in see what's available inside.  Mim's is a great place for lunch if your on your way to/from the airport.  I'm looking forward to trying his fried fish or maybe even his BBQ brisket on my next visit!
2	The ribs are okay, but the ambiance is lacking and not in a kitschy hip way, but in a you're gonna get robbed way.
1	The worst brisket I have ever encountered. Sometimes, the run down shack atmosphere with the dirt parking lot places are where the best food is found, but in this case the crappy outside matches the lousy food inside this terrordome. The entire brisket sandwich combo platter was a complete mess. I heard bells ringing in the back of this place which indicated my brisket was being nuked and then placed on the sesame bun from the grocery store. There was so much fat on this brisket that nothing was edible at all. I mean, fat ripped through every lousy strip of the gross meat that they claim was smoked on premises. There was some very yellow potato salad that was served as my side dish and it tasted very relishy, but not homemade as the the one employee said. A place just can't really operate with one employee either. It's time to raize this shack and let someone build something pretty and nice in this rundown neighborhood. worst brisket ever.
4	I'm kicking myself. I've driven past this little joint with the bright red and yellow exterior for years...like 7 years.  I've read the reviews, but it still took me a couple of months to get brave enough to go in. I've eaten several times a the Thai place just down the block. I finally did it based on my search for some good chili fries. I ordered chili fries and a double cheese burger. These are real hamburger patties. They come standard with ketchup, mayo, mustard, pickles, tomato, lettuce. It was a moist grilled patty. The chili cheese fries were covered in a rich chili, didn't taste as if it was from a can, the chili was covered with cheese and chopped white onions. The ambiance, well, it's a hole on the wall, but good chili fries aren't usually in fancy restaurants. I'm looking forward to going again soon!
3	Takes FOREVER to get your food, if you have less than an hour to get food here, don't plan on going...or call in ahead of time. The burger and fries were super greasy! maybe you like your food like that but i am not that big of a fan. The burger is pretty typical, nothing special, priced pretty high for the quantity and quality you get. It is a nice change of pace for the food that is around in this area though.I would hesitate on eating there, really dark and the tables are super sticky...blech...Oh yeah order at the right of the cage of confusion...
4	Went to AZ with my baby over the weekend. :)  He had to stop by his home office so I chilled at the library while he went to work. When he was done, he texted and said, "Be there in 20 with food." I was sooooooo excited because I know that my boo don't mess around when it comes to food. ;-) Actually what ended up happening was, we went together to get the food and yeah it wasn't ready when we got there but I know why. The gentleman behind the counter had cooked everything FRESH. I'm originally from L.A. so hole in wall places like Mim's are what I look for.  Loved the bacon cheeseburger and fries.  There's nothin better than a "house" burger y'all. LoL.  Next time, I'm gone try the catfish... :)  Oh and the outside of the place looks sketchy but don't let that fool ya.  Again, I'm from L.A. so sketchy neighborhoods etc don't bother me.  The food is yum :-D Try it. :-)
4	A regular burger that tasted not like cafeteria food but Great.It had the usual suspects on it, nothing fancy to trick you into thinking it was special. No special sauces. My friend and I both got the 1/2lb (double patty) and added cheese and bacon. The burger meat was damn flavorful on its own and the bacon was thick and crispy. The onion rings were super flavorful too. I'll hit this place up again when passing through. I have to imagine the catfish is great too.-Southern bearded boy
5	We have been frequenting this place a few times a month since we first "discovered" it. I kid you not, he makes the best chili cheese fries. I can't even think of any other place after trying his chili cheese fries. My other favorite is the "country" cheese burger. not sure why it's called that but the richness of the thousand island balances well with the smokey flavor of the burger. The onion rings are lightly seasoned with some black pepper and paprika in the batter. My son and husband swear by the catfish, and they get the potato salad to go with it. Yes, the service can be a bit slow, but not in the way like they are ignoring you, but in the "there is only one guy manning the orders, grill and register" way. Which I appreciate and is often seen in these little neighborhood joints. I will also say, that the owner remembers me when I come in, which I find pretty amazing considering he must see more than a few people each day. Bring a few quarters with you, while I'm waiting I like to play "Black Rose, Queen of the Sea", good old fashioned pinball. He has other games too, but that one is my favorite.
4	A definite hole in the wall, but good food, reasonably priced, wide selection (take your time looking over the menu and all of the additional/small signs posted around). The best part is a dedicated owner who does everything himself: a one man show, so be patient, this is not McDonald's. He has been serving the community in this same location for 17 years. Bravo, Pert! Stop in, have a bite, and take a moment to talk to this positive, dedicated man who loves to serve you.If the atmosphere bothers you (it is not pretty) then take the food out to a park or home.
4	This is a good place to grub I went here a few weeks back. Got a simple burger and fries and I thought afterwards that I will be returning to sample taste there other dishes. cool thing about this place is the old school pin ball machines and oldie type games .
3	Stop by here for lunch got a brisket sandwich and 3 piece fish and fries. fries aren't that great briskets ok  the fish was pretty good. I will have to come back and try the ribs and maybe give it a better rating
4	I was driving on the way back from a My Brother's Keeper event and was hoping to stumble upon a locally owned place to grab some grub around 10:30am. I initially drove past this place, but I was intrigued by the signage on the outside and had to turn around half a mile later just because the exterior touted everything from spicy burritos to famous BBQ. This place is the definition of a hole-in-the-wall; it's not the fanciest establishment by any means, but it definitely has its charm. You walk in and you'll notice a picnic table to your right, bar-style seating on the close wall, and a handful of arcade games and pinball machines. I walked in and it immediately reminded me of some of my favorite BBQ places that I visited in Texas, and I was sold.With it being so early, I ended up buying a breakfast burrito stuffed with egg, chorizo, cheese and potatoes. For the price, the burrito was HUGE! It was easily over a foot long and, while it wasn't very wide, it was tasty and very filling. I got it accompanied with a cup of lemon sweet tea and it all came out to five dollars and some change. I'm kicking myself for not trying something a little more sophisticated, but I will definitely try to swing by and try some of the BBQ if I ever wander into that side of Phoenix again.
