5	Walking dead gear. Best horror store in town.
5	Lots of zombie related items at your finger tips for a reasonable price.  If you're into zombies and other horror stuff do yourself a favor and check this place out,
5	Zombie Zone is pretty cool in my eyes! My boyfriend and I popped in today and picked up a DVD of the original 1979 "Dawn of the dead" and a couple of Zombie stickers. This store is located near BFG chicken strips right next to the comic store  in the strip mall at Charleston and Rainbow. It is a small store however they have some cool things and the Owner stated they are constantly getting new stuff in. If you like horror and zombie related items then you will like this store.They have DVDs, dolls, walking dead figures, posters, stickers, t-shirts, toys, candy etc.My boyfriend and I had a lot of fun looking around and talking with the Owner also picked up a few things. We will be back!
5	Zombie stores really do seem to be all the rage these days.While another zombie store in town focuses on all you would need to survive the rising of the dead, this store celebrates those lovable life-impaired rascals.It's a collectible shop filled with all sorts of zombie games, toys, posters, and everything else.  But it doesn't limit itself there.  It also focuses on collectibles from monsters, ghosts, vampires, ghouls and everything else that makes up the stuff of nightmares.But that's the funny thing about this store: It's not exclusively focused on the gross and horrific.  There are actually a lot of perfectly kid-friendly items in here, ranging from Scooby-Doo to Plant's Vs. Zombies, so the inventory is surprisingly diverse, and prices are pleasantly reasonable.And speaking of diverse, it's not all simply "new" and "hot" items.  They have a surprising number of older collector's items from back in the day.  I was actually surprised to go from "The Walking Dead" to a stroll down memory lane a few times.  Kind of like a horror-themed antique store in some ways.Overall, Zombie Zone is a fun toy/collector store that's located next door to Avatar Comics, so it's pretty easy to kill (and rekill) some time in getting your geek on.If there's one thing that I like about Vegas, it's the fact that it still finds ways to bring in some pretty quirky stores.
5	Totally cool store and great idea. Very friendly owner and helpful. Inventory is pretty decent and the owner will be adding more stuff later. I like the idea of a dedicated horror/zombie place to buy gear.  Prices are very reasonable also
4	This place is just simply adorable. Hidden in a small quaint area, near one of the best chicken finger digs in town (BFG's). Dedicated to old horror movies of the undead, the dammed, and the supernatural. Original movie posters available, DVDs, and memorabilia. The sales clearly is a big horror movie fan and she made pleasant convo while I wondered around. A neat little place I'd recommend you check out for guts and giggles ;)
4	Nice little store filled with zombie games, a lot of Walking Dead merchandise, bumper stickers, and comics. They also carry Buffy the Vampire slayer, and Scooby Doo merchandise. The store is very easy to navigate around, but I would have liked to see more merchandise and more zombie-themed variety up for sale. The owners are really nice and friendly. Definitely a cool store if you're in the area.
3	What is going on with this zombie craze? Anyways, I guess if you are into that and evil villains in general then this is the place for you.They have all the movies, posters, toys, and little trinkets that have anything to do with zombies and evil villains. From the outside it looks like a tiny place but when you go inside its very roomy. Now if you think this is one of those zombie survival stores, then you are wrong. They don't have any emergency kits or weapons.  Although you might be able to learn survival tactics from any and all the movies in there then it just might save your life. For me, who is just an average zombie enthusiast, its a decent place to kill time and entertain yourself.
4	Pretty cool store for a zombie fanatic but prices a bit high but then again it's all about supply and demand. Def worth checking this place out!
5	Zombie Zone is more than just about the zombies, it's like a homage to all things horror, 80's horror, B Movie Horror, Vampires, and of course, those lovable zombies! They have a wide selection of horror movies, collectible figurines, those Living Dead Dolls, and also some vintage horror collectibles as well, like that creepy Chucky Doll. The owners are well versed in the subject and are more than happy to talk with you about all things horror while you shop. Prices are pretty reasonable too. This is pretty much the perfect place for the horror fan or for GIFT buying for your favorite horror fan. Plenty of kiddie friendly stuff as well.
2	Maybe I'm the outlier here but I have no idea how or why this place exists. Do they even get enough business to turn a profit? Mad props to the owner for being able to create a business out of a personal passion, it just isn't an interest we share.Store is small and exterior decor and signage is a bit tacky, IMO, but at least its distinctive? Inside you'll find everything you can possibly purchase that is related to Zombies, hence the name.There's shirts and stickers and action figures and statues and movies and posters and various art, too. I may not understand it, but selection is large and everyone seems friendly.
4	Every time I am in Las Vegas we make a stop here because, hello, zombies. They have a little bit of everything here and there relating to zombies and the horror genre. T-shirts, used and new dvd's, framed artwork, posters, figures, and more valuable memorabilia in the glass case.Of course they have tons of The Walking Dead stuff, but also other major franchises and gaming items. The prices are pretty reasonable but my only gripe is that I wish they would use the space to add more stuff.
4	This is a cute little store and the lady at the counter was very friendly. They didn't have a "wow" factor. Most of the items you can find at the mall. I wish they carried statues and horror movie busts. Their selection of tshirts is ok, they should carry more though. I like supporting little places like this and I hope they continue to carry goodies.
5	Went into Zombie Zone to get an appraisal on some movie memorabilia. I had no idea the value and both the owners were fantastic in helping me out with pricing. They went as far as hooking me up with a regular customer of theirs who bought all my stuff for a fair price. Great people to do business with! Really appreciated the help!
