4	This nail salon has all the great qualities of a brand new salon: chairs, tables, polish, the whole nine yards.  I arrived about 20 minutes before 7 pm (when they close) and was welcomed in to the salon.  The atmosphere was quiet.  The employees were polite and pleasant.  The prices are higher than the going rates for pedicures in this city.  They charge $30 for the standard pedicure, $40 for a mani-pedi, and the prices go up from there.  Bring cash for the tip.  It's challenging finding a decent nail salon in Pittsburgh.  I'm definitely a fan of M. Nail Salon.
2	I have been to this salon a number of times.  I like the space and the people who work there are generally very nice.  However, do not expect to make an actual appointment and get prompt service when you arrive.  I recently made an appointment for a specific time.  When I arrived, no one greeted me and there were three employees working on other customers.  I waited about 10 minutes assuming that they were just finishing up with those customers and would get to me next.  But they actually started on another customer who was waiting.  I finally said that I had an appointment and asked when they were going to be able to do my service.  I was told that I would have to wait until they were finished with other customers and they couldn't give me a definite time when they'd be done.  This is the second time this has happened to me  at this salon - the first time they put my feet in hot water to soak and made me sit there and wait 1/2 hour until they started my pedicure. I walked out this time. Unfortunately, I will not go back even though I have had some good experiences.  If they're going to take appointments, they really need to honor them.
4	Made appointment for 2 of us for a mani / pedi. Hold truth to the time of the appointment for one of us. The other had to sit in the water for pedi for extra time before someone came available. Did a great job on both our pedi and manis. Place was clean and had tons of choices. My friend had surgery about 2 months ago on her knee and they were super sensitive about it- good service. They were priced really well especially for shady side. A mani (gel) and a pedi was $55. Does have a private parking lot but it does get full. They prefer to tip in cash.
5	So glad I tried this spot today. Awesome service!! Clean place with nice massage chairs for pedi. Much better than other nail salons in the area.
4	I like M Nail Salon! The salon is clean and the folks that work there are always nice, including the owners. I use to go to the sister place Envy but this location is closer for me and parking at the other location was a hassle. I agree that wait times could be better (one way to avoid this is to go during off peak times like avoid lunch or after work) but this is for sure one of the better places in the area for nails. Great selection of OPI, Etsy and Chinaglaze plus gel. They take credit cards though not sure if you can include tip - I always tip in cash.
2	Went in with high hopes. Very clean especially considering other salons close by. However after half a day - polish already off of two toes!! 20 plus years of pedicures and never had polish come off that quick. Too bad, been in PGH 4 years and I can't find a GOOD salon.  :-( Miss my NYC neighborhood salons! Cheap and GOOD! I called to see if they'd fix, let's see if I can get a call back.
