5	I shopped online for over an hour looking for an affordable - yet still professional - interior detailing service.  I had bought a used car and wanted all of the previous owner's smells and spills to be wiped clean, giving me a fresh start with my new baby Corolla.Couldn't find anything under $80 from the "big boys" in the business - too rich for my blood.  Eventually found Elite Mobile and I could not be happier with my decision.   Three tremendous advantaged with these guys:1)  Cheap ($60 compared to $80 and above from the "big boys")2)  Convenient  (THEY DROVE TO MY HOME, PITCHED A SHADE TENT AND CLEANED IT RIGHT THERE IN MY DRIVEWAY)  3)  Trustworthy  (great guys - brothers - were very sincere, agreeable, reasonable, and never tried to UPSELL)I think my research paid off - these guys offer a service AS GOOD AS IT GETS when it comes to getting your car detailed - my Corolla looked brand new (if not better - the steering wheel and dashboard glistened in the sunlight).I very much recommend these guys.  Two thumbs way up.
5	Very happy with their work and customer service. And reliability!! I'd write more but I gotta go chase the birds away.
2	Had an initial detail and bi-weekly washes. Went well for a couple months and then they stopped showing up. On that day I had left the cover off my car, and by the next day the sprinklers got to it, rendering the $200 detail completely ruined.
1	This was the third time we've used Elite.  I asked for a complete detail.  Upon a quick inspection, I noticed they didn't dress the inside of the truck -- the cup holders still had dirt in them, the plastic door runners were dirty, the console and dash were still dusty.  When I asked Christian (the owner) about this (my fingers were black after rubbing them), he said the price I was paying didn't include dressing on the inside.  The last 2 years I had used him it was included.  They were an hour late to the appointment.  The next day I was driving and noticed the back windows weren't even clean!  Still had dog nose prints and slime all around the bottom and tops of each back window.  Safe to say I won't be using Elite again.  Sometimes it's better to make the customer happy and keep them coming back rather than argue about a few dollars Christian....  Next time I'll go to Cobblestone, which is less convenient but I'll get more for less money.
5	Had my boat detailed. Paint was fading and inside was dirty!  Elite had two guys for four hours work on it. The boat looks bran new! Going to definitely use Elite again!!  Highly recommend.
5	On a scale of 1 to 10, I don't know if WOW is acceptable? Elite spent hours detailing the exterior of our camper. After washing it and removing the oxidation they brought it back to a factory shine. I cannot wait to have them back to work on our cars.
5	I called for a last-minute interior detail.  They called to ask if they could come early, which was great for me. The car's interior is very clean and it smells great, not an overpowering perfumy smell. The seats are a little damp, but that is OK, being AZ and all, I expect them to be dry in a couple of hours.
