3	Roman Candle is open in Fitchburg!  This is great considering Fitchburg, especially the Research Park area was lacking a bar and restaurant ever since Kelly's closed down, needed a new bar and restaurant.  So, on the third night open (Jan 16th) my wife and I decided to go try the new establishment and the pizza that people talk about.I want to say upfront that we had a great experience here and do not let my rating reflect on if you should try it or not.  You should!   If I was not such a pizza snob I might have liked it better but I have spent my life finding great pizzas all over the world.  Plus they would not let me do a 3.5 rating.We did have a bit of a wait to get our table (the place is new....duh) and after we were sat down the atmosphere was a great little pizzeria and is kid friendly and fun.  The wait staff was friendly and I was hoping the pizza would be just as good.We did order an appetizer of the garlic cheese bread with marinara.  it was good but it seemed to be missing a garlic taste.  But it was good.Then the pizza came....as with my previous reviews I order a basic the first time I go to a place as to have a measuring stick to rate with.  So sausage and pepperoni for myself and my wife got bacon, tomatoes, and perchutto on her half.  The pizza was good.  Not great, no bad...just good.  I hate to say it but thats what I thought (i really wanted it to be great).  Nothing about it made me jump for joy and scream "this is amazing" like I did last week in Chicago (see my review a few back).So, 3.5 stars for the Roman Candle Pizzeria in Fitchburg (so a 3 on the yelp scale).  it was just too....just "ok" for me.it will be interesting when the bar opens next door in March.   I wonder how long before some drunk at bar time tries to get into the ice cream cooler.
4	Very good but not as good a Falbo's or Ians.  If you live in the area it is the best for miles around.  Service is good and the bathrooms are clean.
4	Best pizza I've ever had. Everything on the menu is great--I just wish it was easier to choose. The only downfall is price. They don't have the cheap pizza discounts others may have, so when we choose pizza, Roman Candle loses based on price alone.
3	I love the Roman Candle in Middleton so when it came time to have a group meeting/dinner, I thought I would try RC Fitchburg. Called ahead and asked to "reserve" a separate section for my party of 10 which they did. Asked how crowded Monday night were and was told they are pretty quiet....not so much as it turned out!The service was great---set up a "buffet" for us with our pizza and salad choices, kept us supplied with drinks (even as the place filled up). Unfortunately, it did get very busy (lots of families with loud kids) so for a group our size it was difficult to hear. And, although there were other tables available, a rather rude group of four decided that they wanted to sit where our food had been set up and ignored the server's suggestion that they sit elsewhere---one of them even began to move our food off the table until she was stopped by our server. Some people really have no manners!We ordered off the standard menu- one veggie and one meat loaded and bith were very good. The salads were fresh and the house dressing is great! My only complaint is the price----their pizzas are good but seem a tad overpriced for pizza.Bottom line: good pizza, nice staff and a bright airy (if a little loud) atmosphere---just watch out for rude fellow diners!
1	I can honestly say I have not had a good experience at the Roman Candle, correction, I had one....at the original on Willy Street.  The other 3 have been awful.  Food might have been great, but the bad customer service outweighed the quality of the food.  Experience summary:1) too much butt crack at the middleton location2) lost my pizza order on Super Bowl night.  had to wait for it....luckily I have dvr.  3) first worker was too incompetent to tell me where they deliver, and the second employee hung up on me when I was trying to give them my pizza order.  I told the manager I gave them 3 chances and I won't give them anymore.  Glass Nickel for life.
4	Love this place! I have had excellent and timely service each time I've been to Roman Candle.  The staff is always very friendly, and the manager is great.  This is my favorite pizza place because they use local ingredients as much as possible as well as grass fed beef.  They have lots of very unique pizza options, and everything I have tried is good.  BBQ Chicken and the bacon cheeseburger pizzas are my favorite.  Another feature I like to take advantage of...if you are next door at the Atomic Koi (bar), they will bring your pizza over to you!  The only downside to Roman Candle is that it's a little pricey, but I don't mind paying a little extra for high quality ingredients (local/grass-fed).  You can find discount coupons pretty easily though.
3	I've eaten here a few times and do really enjoy the pizza.  It is quite good.  However, the service is pretty unreliable.  I've had some very good service but, the last time I was here it was not so good.  The lone waitress was working her butt off while a couple of lazy co-workers plodded around and took up space.  It took ages to get our food.  Service would have been much better if people helped the waitress rather than just standing around doing impressions of sloths.
1	Do not go on a Friday night or order a pizza because they cannot handle their popularity. I ordered a pizza and they say ready in 20 minutes. So I showed up 25 minutes. Took them another 5 to find my pizza and they forgot to make the Caesar salad I order. That took another 10 minutes. SO I had to wait fifteen. No one was in charge. It was Chines fire drill. The "hippie" (blond haired guy with glasses) that handled by order did not even offer an apology for the dismal (and that is being kind) service. They just lost my takeout pizza business.
2	Service was REALLY slow, even though we were the only people in the restaurant in the middle of a weekday. There were plenty of staff there, but they seemed to spend all their time chatting and folding napkins. Took forever to get our pizza: my friend had soup and salad and was done by the time the pizza arrived for our kids and me. Some of the pizza was barely warm, the rest was too hot to touch, and it was all dry and needed more cheese. Everything here is very expensive, even the $7 lunch special is a rip off when you add it up. The Algo Malo pizza is quite tasty, but costs an arm and a leg even for a small pizza.The only thing that made this restaurant worthwhile was the children's play area. It has a table with trucks and toys, books, and even a projector and VCR with animated movies.
3	I decided to try Roman Candles pizza after reading a lot of reviews about them and they actually delivered to me in Fitchburg, which not a lot of places highly rated do.  Usually I want a pizza and I get a salad with a pizza but in this case I actually wanted a salad and figured I'd get a pizza with my order just to sample some pizza.  So with some trepidation I placed an order for one small (12") PPPepperoni pizza and one large House Salad. I called and placed the order, total with 2-2 liters of Diet Pepsi was $35 and some change.  They told me it'd be 45 minutes but there was a knock on the door at the 20 minute mark.  I got my whole order and they actually remembered my Diet Pepsi which was a big plus.  Whenever I order Diet Pepsi they usually forget it or bring regular Pepsi.  I first tried the pizza (see my pic) and it was pretty good.  It was like most of the reviews here have said, not extraordinary but not bad either.  The three different types of pepperoni were nice.  You had the little square pieces, the large thick pepperoni and the flatter, thin pepperoni.  The crust was not fantastic but not bad, the cheese was pretty good but not overly abundant but the sauce was pretty bland and not enough of it.  All in all it was good pizza but pretty overpriced at $16.99 for the pie in my opinion.The salad was quite good (see my pic) and they did remember to provide the Vinaigrette and French dressings.  The bacon was extra crispy and the cheese was delicious.  However they were very skimpy on the tomatoes, I only recall one cherry tomato that was cut in half in the salad and they were also stingy with the cucumber.  Oh yeah and just overall the salad itself was not big enough.  Quite delicious, especially the dressings, but not enough of a salad to justify the $8.50 price IMO. Also, just a note on the Vinaigrette, I know some folks order this dressing because of the lower calorie and fat but this vinaigrette is pretty thick and very fat-laden tasting and I don't think it'd be something to really be proud of healthwise.  Roman Candles makes this and it's damned delicious but I think I also killed my fat and calorie count by eating it.  It's so thick it's almost like a chocolate sauce.  All in all this is pretty good food, the salad was actually better than the pizza IMO, although too small.  It's certainly better food than any fast food pizza you will find from the chains but I do agree the price is too high for what you get.  For $40.00 worth of food (including a $3.xx driver tip) you should get more than 2 decent sized meals IMO.  Perhaps this place would be better to order from when (and if) you can find a special or a coupon to use.  I'd def. order again but only if I could find some sort of online deal or something like that.
2	I've been to this place a couple of times and order pizza to pick up on numerous occasions. The pizza is decent but not outstanding. The biggest negative is the prices. They charge $22 for a large which might feed 3 people though honestly, two guys can finish one off pretty easily.The last time I ordered a pizza for pick up, I ordered the meatball sub pizza. For some reason, they didn't use cheese, did not add the hot peppers, and didn't even slice the pizza. For $22, at least slice the pizza! Overall, the food is mediocre for the price. I haven't dined in for a while, but the service has never been terrible. I won't be returning. There are too many other pizza places that are either cheaper or better in the area.
4	This is our go to pizza place in Madison. It has never disappointed.  I do consider it the best pizza place in the Madison area, but let's be honest--Madison is by no means a hotspot for good pizza, but this place is always pretty good. The price is fair, and they do pickup and delivery, which is what we tend to do.  It even has a big area in the back for kids to play in. They will have a good time here.For a fun night, go to the Atomic Koi next door/across the hall and have the Roman Candle pizza delivered there. The fancy drinks there will make the pizza taste even better.
1	In the past I would have given them 4 stars, but now it is only 1. It seems there is either new management or ownership. The customer service is not good. Two times in a row, they forgot to make one of my pizzas. The menu has changed and I just don't care for the attitude I get when there. I won't be going back.
3	My wife and i wanted to try a new pizza place in our area, and we decided on this on to eat inn. Nothing special. Also, it was crowded with families....and little children. We were there around 6pm on a Friday night. The waitress managed to stay on task and fill my soda when empty, so that was a plus.We ordered a large sausage and green pepper pizza. It was a thinner crust, kinda like New York style meets thin crust. Decent tasting, and enough cheese and toppings. I would give the pizza a solid 3.5 out of 5 by itself, as for the crazy atmosphere, well there was just too many families for my liking. 2 out of 5.Great place for mom and dad to take the kids....not so great for quiet pizza dinner.
3	While I love the pizza at Roman Candle, I must admit I'm way disappointed in the menu change, so they get a 3. I was a bit shocked when my husband and I went and tried to order slices of our favorites and were told they didn't do slices anymore. WHAT?! I haven't had the Algo Malo in months because I'm the only person I know who likes it. Also, we tried to order the meatball sub pizza and the server had no idea what we were talking about. So that got another WHAT?! The meatball sub with the spicy giardiniera was one of the best things on their menu.
5	I've only ordered delivery from Roman Candle.  Before I realized there was a Fitchburg location (and therefore delivery in South Madison), I was resigned to pizza highs (making it myself) and lows (ordering cardboard from cheaper but crummier pizzerias).  Roman Candle fills my desire for REALLY GOOD pizza delivered to my door! Of the 15 specialty pizzas on the menu, we've only tried 5.  My favorites so far are the Algo Malo (beets & blue cheese!) and the Professional (broccoli! bacon! delicious!), but everything has been great.  All of the pizzas hold up for breakfast the next morning as well (although eventually Algo Malo's arugula has to be discarded), so I feel fine ordering two pizzas for two of us and eating them for the next three meals!I only wish they delivered later, pizza is sometimes required after 9pm (10pm some weekends)!
1	Boring.  The moment you walk in the restaurant is just so plain.  Sure there are bright colors but nothing stood out.  Boring.  So I order my usual pizza sausage and green pepper.  It was ok.  Nothing stood out.  The pizza was ok.  That is it.  I can barely finish this review.  It was not bad, it was not good.  It was just there.  We had a Groupon, so I took a chance.  It is pretty far off the road.  A bit annoying to find.  Also annoying?  The loudness.  The tables make you feel like you are eating with your neighbors.  I understand children must eat as well but to allow the amount of noise that was occurring to go unaddressed was unacceptable.  Needless to say, I was SO happy to go.  Thank god for the Groupon because the prices are not worth it.  Please go somewhere else for pizza.
4	YES! A place for everyone and it's tasty too!I refuse to go to Chuck E Cheese so this is where we can all get along. Kids get a fun environment, a selection of kids friendly food, and a whole playroom to themselves.Parents get a funky atmosphere, huge assortment of specialty pizzas and their kids are in the playroom.  WIN WIN!Did I mention there's beer and wine?Service has been good, on our last visit they were out of coffee, but the manager went out and got some after my caffeine disappointment.  Well noted!  It seems like the word is out, no matter which Roman Candle I go to that it is kid friendly, so I can't imagine going out on a hot date when there are tikes, babies and elementary school kids unless you head there after the kid hours.For us, this is a must at least once a month.
2	Roman Candle Fitchburg has great pizza but horrible service!The service is consistently bad. Everyone I talk to that eats here has a bad story. It's almost comical the issues that come up. The Pastoral pizza is good. This location has potential, but won't last with the consistent bad service!
5	The staff today get a 5 star for their service.  There was some complications in the kitchen with our order which delayed our food and timing of all the entrees arriving at the same time.  The waiter and manager personally apologized and then comped our children's meals.  I felt like they truly wanted to make sure we still had a great visit and would not hinder our return.  Well done and noted!Our family's visit today was great and the ice cream at the end was delicious!
4	I've only tried and loved one thing at Roman Candle and that's the vegan destroyer.  It is such a great pizza and has more flavor than any pizza I've ever tried.  I hope I get this right but I think it has basil, green olives, pine nuts, and a red pepper sauce.  I order mine without the pine nuts and  add jalapenos instead and I love it!  The people who answer the phone are super pleasant though I must note that on most occasions they are late with delivery.  That's kinda not cool but they are super apologetic when they do arrive so I guess that get's a pass.They have a ton of different options and the quality of their products is top notch. I can't say that I would try anything else on their menu since I've found what I think is the best thing they offer but that shouldn't stop you from doing so!
2	Last night we went to Roman Candle for a family dinner. We had horrible service. After a long long wait we were served burnt pizza with the promise that new pizza would come and we could keep both. The pizza was not worth the money. We won't be returning.
2	Slow service. No napkins. Hummus was bland and the crackers were plain and grainy. Ordered the Hot-Wa-ii and was met with bland and unflavored pizza. Doused in Parmesan and red pepper flakes it became edible. No real saving grace here. Avoid this place.
1	Very over-priced. Paid $42 for 2 large pizzas with 3 toppings each. When I asked what a large pizza cost without toppings, she said "you didn't order one of those." When I rephrased the question, she gave me the price WITH toppings. We ordered on the phone for pickup, and there was no itemized bill.
2	I have not been to this place since 06/30/12 because of my last experience. Here's a snipe of my previous experience and review:"The last time I ordered a pizza for pick up, I ordered the meatball sub pizza. For some reason, they didn't use cheese, did not add the hot peppers, and didn't even slice the pizza. For $22, at least slice the pizza! ...I won't be returning."Today, my wife wanted some cheese sticks to go with our homemade pasta. She suggested Roman Candle Pizzeria because it is literally down the street from us. I was very apprehensive. I swore I would never go back. Well, my wife wanted it so I ordered it.I ordered at 6pm and was quoted 15-30 minutes for pick up (not delivery). I arrived at the restaurant 20 minutes later. Honestly, I was hoping for a better experience. The manager went to "find" my order. After 5 minutes, he came back and said they just put the order in and it will be another 15 minutes. Come on...really? I give you a chance again after over 2 years and this is how you show up? He apologized and said he would deliver it to my house when it was ready.So 45 minutes after I placed the order for simple cheese sticks, it arrived at my house. The only reason I am not giving this place 1 star is because the manager personally delivered it with a pint of Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream.Nice effort, but maybe I'll try again in a couple years.
4	Not generally a Roman Candle fan... But when you are enjoying libations next door... and they hand you a table number and deliver your order to your table at the Atomic Koi... Well that's good service.
4	I eventually called because the mobile online   seemed buggy at best. I placed a phone order and the guy in the other end set me up with what I wanted quickly. I went in and the place is cool inside, an area for large groups towards the back, with the nice booth setup it would be a great date spot especially with the Atomic Koi right next door.I ordered the BBQ pizza and it's amazing. Exactly what I expected. Sometimes chicken at pizza places can be dicey but theirs tastes great. I'm a big fan of the BBQ for sauce. I also like that they use a lot of local ingredients. I will be returning for both dine in and more carry out, can't wait to try more of their pizzas.
