5	I have been bringing both my vehicles here regular ever since they opened years ago...always fast, friendly and they do great work...would recommend to everyone.
5	We've been doing business with Fletcher's for several years & have always found them to be prompt, friendly & efficient! The General Mgr, Matt, is a true asset to this business. And they have GREAT prices.(One person found this post funny. What was funny about it?)
5	The check engine light came on in my Toyota so I called Fletcher's after reading review on Yelp. Matt answered the phone and told me to just stop by anytime and he would reset it, because my gas cap wasn't tightened. I went in later that day and he remembered my call and immediately went out to the parking lot and reset it. He said I owed nothing. I couldn't have been treated better. They earned a new customer.
4	Been taking my truck here for two years now. They do a good job the only thing I would like them to do is let me know when it's time to do the Manufactures suggested maintenance when they are due.
5	Great place, got a hook up on some 37" Nittos from Jerry and Matt. Thanks guys!
5	Rockin the uniform Matt!  Thanks for your excellent  customer service
5	I live in WA. state & when I had a tire replacement need here in Sun City West, upon the recommendation of a AAA srviceman, I went to Fletcher's.  This is a good old fashioned, customer focused retailer / servicer.  The man at the counter was courteous, knowledgable, & helpful.  Service was quick and priced right.  I highly recommend.
5	We just moved into AZ from England and read that my car would automatically fail with the check engine light on. So, I looked up mechanics in my area, found Fletcher, and decided to make an appointment. I took my car and they told me that there is over $1000 worth of work that needed to be done, with that I sighed heavily. The guy at the front said he would be able to take off the diagnostics if I paid today, I said that's fine but I don't know how I'd pay. He said there is a financing option, and had me fill out some paperwork, and gave me interest-free financing for a whole year. They even gave me a military discount! That dropped my total down to about $800. They did all of this work for me in less than four hours. I am so grateful these guys were able to get my car legally on the road in less than a day!!
1	I went here a few months ago needung two new front tires. Horrible customer service. Was treated horribly. Still got the tires anyway and decided to give them a chance. Today, I saw I had gotten a huge thumb tack in my rear tire. Went in to see if there was anything they could do, and was told, "I can go pull it out, see if it leaks,  but your nine cars behind. So you'll be here a while." Which is fine. But the attitude was what made me decide to go to Discount Tire instead. Where I was very well taken care of. I was so disappointed with Fletcher's. So sad to see that many places don't have very good customer very service anymore. I woukd try discount tire. Sure you might pay a little more but it is worth it.
4	Always get good service here.  Good family owned business.
5	These guys are so honest! My husband took our truck to them today, fully expecting to pay for air conditioning service. The service tech asked about the symptoms & told my husband there is nothing wrong with the unit! They could have just done the service & collected the money but they are too honest to do that!  More businesses could be that honest!  Highly recommend Fletcher's Tire & Auto Service, been doing business with them a long time & never disappointed!
