3	SHOPS & RESTAURANTS THAT FALL FAR BELOW THE LEVEL OF THE STRATOSPHERE  The Stratosphere Tower Shops are what the Forum Shops are to Caesar's Palace and Miracle Mile is to Planet Hollywood. It is the shopping mall of the Stratosphere Hotel & Casino. This the one thing that it shares in common with the casino malls. Whereas the majority of casino malls celebrate their host property while showcasing an exciting selection of shops and restaurants,  the StratosphereTower Shops fall far below the level of the stratosphere in selection and shopping environment. It is more of the level of a retail and restaurant pergatory.  I am no stranger to the Stratosphere Tower Shops. I have walked its corridor before and after hanging out all the way up in the Level 107 Lounge or the observation deck. When I walk the Stratosphere Tower Shops, I am 106 levels below the Level 107 Lounge and one level above the casino. When I enter the mall to head to the 107 Lounge elevator, it is via the escalator by the center casino bar.The first thing I see when the escalator reaches the mall is a faux tower foundation. It is hard to tell if it is supposed to be a faux foundation of the Stratosphere Tower or the Eifel Tower. However, it is easy to tell that I am looking at the Golden Arches. Generally speaking the food selection here stinks. For me Chicago Hot Dogs, Tropical Smoothie, a pizza concession, and McDonald's doesn't cut it. This is the start of a windy hall toward the attractions elevators and ultimately to the theater where the second escalator reaches the north section of the casino.  The Stratosphere Tower is the tallest structure west of the Mississippi River. When I walk through the mall I ask myself, "When I walk through the gateway to the Stratosphere Tower, why do I feel like I am in a second tier outlet mall?" There is a want of a celebration of the Stratosphere and spirit to the hallway. I pass by theme areas that seem random and make no sense. First there is the Metropolitain area that bares an infinitesimal resemblance to France with the exception of a faux tower foundation. This barely resembles the Eifel Tower and could be mistaken for the observation deck base. As I continue ubexcitingly walking through the mall, I enter a Chinatown theme area. The shops and restaurants have as much in common with Chinatown as New York New York has in common with the Flamingo Wildlife Habitat. I don't get it. As I walk on  unexcidedly I see gift stores, a popcorn store, art gallery, tattoo shop, jewelry shop, and arcade. Please note that under this business listing I posted a tip displaying the mall directory. The most interesting display to catch my eyes are the two storefronts displaying Hello Kitty and an arcade with a bull statue. When I look around,  I think to myself that the Stratosphere Tower Shops could use some life in its halls. To bring it from its dead spirit, restaurants and bars that overflow with tables ovetlooking the mall could bring it to life. Maybe a couple of kiosks minus aggressive venders in the center, or performers. As my footsteps increase, I see a ramp ahead with overhead signing to the attractions elevators that are on the right. A few feet further, the mall peters out at the theater where the escalator descends to the casino level.    The Stratosphere Tower Shops has so much potential to be a mall that could knock my socks off. What other mall could boast of having the tallest structure west of the Mississippi River as an anchor?  To make this happen,  my mindset is that  management will need to facilitate a major refurbishment of the mall that will bring in exciting stores and restaurants with a theme that celebrates the Stratosphere. Until that happens,  I see the Stratosphere Tower Shops as a walk through an unexciting  gateway  to the exciting tallest structure west of the Mississippi River.
4	yes!  this is the closest thing to a real mall I've found in Vegas.  crappy stores, arcade and good people watching.  love it! lots of neat things you want but can't justify buying.  nothings too overpriced when compared to other shopping on the strip. one day I promise myself ill buy that oversized painted fan for the living room, or that set of throwing knives. pretty fun place to waste time if your sick of loosing at slots...
