4	I'm a salon junkie....I love a hair salon and a great stylist is my holy grail. I dream of the perfect stylist, who loves color and is savvy with a set of scissors and is in love with hair...ideally, my hair. My dream stylist is Christine Davis. Christine is a joy. She lives hair, she loves color, she has mad skills with scissors...Think scissorhards, but she is super cute and bubbly! I have fine curly hair and Christine's mad cutting skills gave me a head ful of perfect curls...Love that! The salon is nice but a little light on decor and could use a full time receiptionist. A manicurist would be nice too... but Christine's mad skills make up for any shortcomings...
5	Do I, do I not, the Brazillian Blowout, that is. I debated because of the horror stories - your hair will be fried, it takes forever, your color will be ruined, it cost and arm and a leg. So, why would I even consider it....amongst all the nasty rumours, your hair will also be straight and I have dreamed of having Barbie straight hair since middle school.  The lovely Christine chatted with me over one of my many hair color appointments about the many thrills of the Brazillian Blowout and corrected all my dim opinions. So, I took the plunge and went Brazillian and I will never go back to my frizzy hair again! I plunked down $150 and walked out lookin' a million, easily! First, it took an hour and half not the hours I had heard about.  Hour and a half later, my hair was gorgeous, to the point I could pulled a Charlotte ala Sex in the City and asked, "Is my hair too shiny?"  And, better yet, it has remained shiny and straight for weeks now. I am hooked on the Brazillian.  I am also a color fiend and Christine colored me the next day with no problems. I love it and you will too - I dare ya, call Christine at 480-734-3368 and ask for the Brazillian.
5	This is place great!  Karen is the best.  Always great cut and color.  My hair is curly/wavy and she always used sheers and did a great job.
5	Zoe does my hair here and she is awesome. and even after a month or so of not seeing her, she still remembers what we last talked about...lol (thats a great hairdresser)
5	I like this salon a lot! It has a very comfortable and personal feel. Zoe does my hair and she always does a wonderful job! She listens to what I want and offers good ideas and advice about my hair.
