4	I was in desperate need for a haircut and stopped by this location on the way to work. Sarah did my hair and I've been getting compliments on my new style all day. I got a cut and style for $28! I love Arizona Hair Company because the stylists are experienced and the prices are reasonable. I won't get my hair done anywhere else.
5	It was a week before my wedding and I needed my hair colored and highlighted. I showed Sarah a few pictures and she knew exactly what she was doing! I couldn't be happier. I will never get my hair done by anyone else!
5	MaryLou at AZ Hair Co is very, very, very good!  Thank you for having such a talented stylist!
5	I just got back from AZ Hair Company. While I used to frequent the location in Chandler as a teenager, it was my first time at this particular location. Initially, I was really iffy, because I've heard that other locations were not nearly as good, but I really needed a haircut and I needed it at a reasonable price. I had my hair cut for about $20, including gratuity. I had my hair done by Christine and she was a total sweetheart. I'm more than happy with how my hair came out.
4	Good price, great hair.  I went to this location for several years before I moved to Surprise and Christine did an incredible job on my hair every time.  I even drove way out of my way to continue with her for almost a year after I moved.
1	I went in for a color and she said she would be back to have it washed out of my hair by 1030.... 1030 came and went and I waited without complaint until 1100 at that point I asked another stylist to find her for me.  My stylist was found and apologized that she was in a deep conversation, and wow my hair really took the black.  (You think?? You forgot completely about me) Then I still was charged FULL PRICE and they had the nerve to ask how much I wanted to add for a TIP.  My tip -DONT GO THERE... Spend the extra $10 and go elsewhere.
5	I've been going to see Laura for a few years now and she's great! I've tried other stylist within this company and others (always mess my hair up). Go see Laura! She won't disappoint.
5	I love the way my hair looks and feels . Sarah always seems to know exactly what I want. She is awesome. She makes wonders. With those hands of hers. Ask for her . .
5	No matter where she goes in AZ, I will follow!! LAURA, I not only enjoy your company, but your work is always awesome!! Not to mention you ALWAYS find a way to find a spot for me!! Thanks for making a girl feel beautiful even for a quick minute!! I will and do recommend Laura for hair for any occasion.. Cut color or style!!
5	I have been seeing Laura for years now and she is the only one I trust with my hair.  She is awesome and always makes herself available.  She is extremely professional and very easy to get along with and had fantastic ideas to do with my hair that come out better and better every time.  She knows what she's doing it shows.  Highly recommended!
5	Such an enjoyable time coming here. The ladies are very friendly. Ashley does beautiful work and is super sweet!!! Always leave happy  Great location and very easy to find.
