4	We ate at this particular restaurant located in the Stratosphere Hotel because we had a coupon for a free pitcher of beer with the purchase of a pizza. Our pizza was delicious. This small restaurant only serves pizza and beer. All the pizzas are large or you can order a slice. I would definetely return to this little restaurant, especially if we find another coupon  ((:
4	Like Karyn M, the only reason we came here was because of a free pitcher of beer with the purchase of a pizza.Who would have thought that this podunk place in a podunk casino would end up serving one of THE BEST pizzas I've had in in years?  No joke.  And I'm picky when it comes to pizza.Thin crust, but not so thin that it has that cracker/flaky consistency.  Just enough heft to support the generous toppings.  Toppings were clearly fresh.Only thing keeping it from the fifth star is, well, the setting isn't exactly five star quality.  So let's call it 4.5 stars.You know what?  It's probably worth a special trip JUST FOR THE PIZZA (maybe not if you're a local, but hey, maybe even then) If you can find the little coupon for the free pitcher of beer, then bonus points.  I mean, this is Veags:  take what you can get before it all gets snatched away.
3	Pizza, sandwiches, salads and a few side dishes...that's about it. The sandwiches are surprisingly good, at $6-8 each are reasonable for an in-casino meal. Lots of gooey cheese and flavorful meats and condiments. Their veggie pizza is pretty good, with lots of different toppings and a well-made crust. Their salads are large and made with good ingredients, several notches above the salads available at McDonald's for sure but also a couple dollars more. If you're willing to spend a little extra and don't want mexican, it's a nice option for inside the Stratosphere.
3	We were a little weary about ordering pizza from the hotel itself. We're normally pretty picky about our pizza and we've been disappointed before with hotel pizza.  But we read the good reviews here so decided to give it a try. We got the meat special. It was $20 on the menu, by the time they added 1.49 for extra cheese, 3.00 service charge, 18% gratuity, and tax, it came out to $30.09. Yikes! They came surprisingly quick despite being on hold for a long time when we ordered (we assumed they were busy so we figured delivery would take a while as well). The pizza was definitely better than we thought but not best we ever had. Next time,  I don't think we'll spend over $30 for a pizza that was just ok.
3	we had a coupon on our tickets from seeing "bite".  i believe the deal was around few bucks for a large soft drink or beer and a very large slice of pizza...  choices ranged from combo, veggie, pepperoni, and  three meat- (what we got)the place also has salads and bread sticks, pizza by the slice as well as whole pizza specials.overall the staff was quick and friendly and there is a large dining area behind which had booths as well as table seating.. the annoying part that i remember was that the seats were bolted down to the floor. i kept trying to scoot my chair up....haha  anywho for a quick, cheap "bite", this place did the trick.
1	We were hungry and sporting a hangover so pizza seemed like a good idea.This place has one thing going for it, it was there, and where we were.A long slow line to order pizza was unnecessary, despite a vast menu they did not have much available. and the prices 5.25-$6 for a 1/4 of a pie slice is no deal.The pizza is self tastes like poor quality bread with some cheese, no flavor no character to the crust nothing. There is a small adjacent dining area that has pepper and Parmesan cheese tables.i really doubt any one plans to eat here, so this will not be read, but in case you are planing to eat here, steer away.
4	Had a coupon for buying tickets to bite which got us a huge slice of pizza and a beer for 5 bucks. Cant beat that. The pizza was actually really good. The meaty slice had meatballs, italian suasage, bacon and pepperoni. Great food for the price
5	Nice! After being in the Tower Observation Room, we got hungry so we decided to go eat here. They had a lot of choices and we got the Supreme Pizza. The wait was a little long but the Pizza was really good.  So 5 Stars!
3	3.5 Stars for the Pizza1 Star for the night Shift Crew.The pizza is pretty good here, just the right crust, cheese, and sauce combination. I only had the cheese because it was the last slice at night with a huge line mainly due to a lazy crew working. Then light bulbs fell on the food in the case :/ Even cold, it was okay. Day shift crew is actually friendly and fast, and the pizza was hot!Great!
5	Excellent pizza!!! Definitely our favorite pizza shop in vegas. We'll worth the money.
5	I came because I had a coupon and figured that the pizza would be ok since I was hungry.  It really was one of the better pizzas that I've had in a long time.
4	Hidden gem in vegas. Not overpriced. Good selection and its tasty. The only issue is that this is in the stratosphere and that side of vegas is dead. If anyone could clarify if they make their dough fresh everyday than this could maybe be a 5 in my book.
5	Pizza was good both times ordered. It was the 4 cheese kind..fair price for the size ..especially in Vegas!
4	I would've never gone to this place if it weren't for getting a discount so I was expecting discount type food. Not the case. The pizza was actually very tasty, friendly staff, and nice seating area. Although, I've noticed some 'non customers' wandering in there, I don't think that's common. I would've come back again but the line was long and at the front was two young girls that had twenty five questions about every item on the menu. Ahhh, not REALLY the employees fault but there is a way to ask the customer, nicely, to step aside until they are ready to order. It happens though. Not criticizing for that. Will probably be back again.
