4	Cindy, our photographer, was awesome!  They definitely took the time to make sure we got a good photo from all three set ups.I will say the prices are a little expensive, especially if I just wanted the CD. However, they did take the time for quality pics. Definitely go in the morning if you have kids because it allows you to ensure that you get the time from the photographers.
2	I called to make an appointment here 2 weeks ago and got an appt time for 740.  I told the person I had 10 ppl.  We arrived on time but they had no record of us yet they called the day before to confirm it. we waited well over an hour with a 2 year old.  they were not prepared and only had one photographer.  It took us 2 hours snd it was extremely stressful.
2	I am torn because I really wanted to give them 1 star. I bought a deal off of living social for $18 for photo package. My first tell tale sign should have been how many times I had to call to get someone to answer the phone just so I could make an appointment. Once I did get someone on the phone, it was easy to make an appointment. He basically gave me whatever I wanted. We arrived to Picture People about 15 minutes before our scheduled time and they were packed. I mean packed from front to back and not much wiggle room. I guess it didn't matter what time I made my appointment. MInd you, yes it was a weekend and the holiday season. However, as a professional, when they asked me on the phone about the people taking pictures and knowing I had a child that literally just turned 4 at the time, they should have made suggestions that would have allowed for a better experience for us.We had to wait for nearly an hour to get our pictures taken. What does a 4 year old do in that length of time where he doesn't have a place to sit or play? He played with the one toy that they had in there on the floor. And quickly became bored, restless, frustrated and tired.We finally get in to take our photo shoot and our photographer SUCKED. I felt rushed and like she didn't really care to take nice photos. She kept asking me if I wanted to take photos in front of a Christmas tree and I told her no. I wanted photos that were not holiday related and but we did. After waiting nearly an hour to take our photos, we were having a little difficulty with my son. But as a parent, let's face it, this is to be expected. The photographer then has the job to engage the child as much as they can but she failed to do this. Because we were sitting so long, I was able to watch the other photographers and the see the scenarios they were putting up with and ideas for photos they were doing, and our photographer failed to do this.  So after our photos, we had to wait about another 30/40 minutes to view our photos. Oh they sucked. I don't expect miracles but I expect a photographer to know what angles to use, what positions to put people in, etc. The reason I purchased the living social deal is because I know picture packages can get very expensive and I wanted to be able to buy two packages. But our pictures were so horrible, I ended up just buying a couple of extra sheets at $18 a piece. So I go to pay and they end up charging me like $70 something dollars and tell me that my pictures will be ready in an hour. I was confused why it was so much and it turns out that they had charged me an additional $18 for the photo package that I paid to living social. So I asked for a refund but they acted like it was a big deal. While waiting for my refund, another girl hands me my pictures and because I was so annoyed, I didn't even bother to check the photos until I got home.Well of course, I missing half of my photos. So I called and they apologized. I arranged to pick them up the next day and of course I checked but I was still missing a sheet. So they apologized again and gave me an additional sheet for free. While I was there, the manager did apologize for yesterday and how crazy it was but I won't be back nor would I ever recommend this place to anyone.
