3	Overall, not a bad place to hang out.  The chicken taco's are VERY good!  The reason for the 3 stars is the machines.  All of them are 10+ quarters on poker.  No keno or slots.  If you are not winning, your money goes quick here.  And, I have never won once in this joint (went 5 times).  If you go, just don't gamble here.  Eat breakfast in the restaurant.
1	This is the worst local bar in las vegas!  They have horrible service and you can't even cuss.  Never go there.
2	I used to like Goldfinger's quite a bit. Within walking distance of my house, i'd go every couple of months with my MIL for late-night food and a bit of gambling. At 1am, the bar is pretty decent, and i've actually hit a jackpot or 2, a very nice addition. In fact,  I give them an extra star for the $800 I won there one night!The food's been changed, and not in a positive way. This has been recent, say in the past 6 months. One of the best items they served was a steak and eggs graveyard special, and it was unique. It has a Mexican twist to it, the meat was marinated in a very delicious, unusual blend of spices. It made the meat very tender and delicious. Not anymore! It's a sub-standard, just salt and pepper steak of ill-repute. NOT GOOD. I used to love eating that steak!Thry do have Blue Moon beer on tap, so that's worth something, I guess.
2	This is one of those places that you go to and at the end of your meal you say to yourself "I'm never coming back here again" and then a year later you think- Hmm...maybe they've improved so you go back and then at the end of your meal it happens just like in the Lion King - The Circle of life- your  thoughts from a year ago come back to haunt you or dare I say bite you in the ass....The food is just Whatever.... It's like they went out and bought a bunch of frozen stuff at Sam's or Costco's and then prepared it. I thought I was picking something special when I ordered the Chicken Cordon Blu. Basically if you don't know what that is- it's breaded chicken breast stuffed with ham and cheese and then deep fried. This dish is served with mashed potatoes and steamed veggies. Sounds good huh? Well, like I said I truly believe this dish came from Sam's. Aside from the bar side we were the only people in the dining area and the food took 20 min. (My dish, cheeseburger & an order of fries) The waitress clearly worked an extra shift or was asked to come in on her day off cause she did not want to be there, we saw it all over her face.After a meal I hate asking myself  - "Why did I waste my money and calorie intake at this place?" So kids,the moral of the story is that life doesn't have to be a circle- if a place is not satisfying once, it's most likely not  going to be satisfying again.
1	Jenni is obviously unhappy at her job. I watched her on evening be rude to just about everyone. We are talking only 5 people there and she.coulnd stand anyine. She acts as though it is very annoying to have to serve you. She treated my food order like a major chore. I am sure management will.catch on. The food isnt very good so if the service is borderline abusive..... Well im sure business will be showing.a decrease.in sales. I for one will NEVER return.
5	Never have issues, the staff is great.
4	I've never been here in the evening so I wouldn't know how horrible Jenni the bartender is. I usually go on the late nights and the overnight  bartenders are cool as hell. It is usually one of the guys. The late night specials are half off all appetizer's, and seeing that the most expensive appetizer during regular hours is 8 dollars, the late night app's are quite a bargain. I ordered the chicken nachos. When they came out it looks like 2 pounds of food coming out. The corn tortilla chips taste house made, and is topped with melted shredded cheese, olives, tomatoes, beans, and chicken. Oh, but the best part is that it's also topped with fresh chopped jalapeno's, Yum-o. Served alongside sour cream and salsa. After being stuffed I saw the bill and it came out to 4.02. Great late night meal deal!
2	This place is walking distance from my house and I wasn't in the mood to cook so I called in an order of food to be picked up. When I walked in to the bar the lady behind the counter shouted, "Are you even old enough to be here" instead of "Hey, hows it going? Can I please see your id" Since I was walking I didn't bring my whole purse just the money I needed and she made me walk to the restaurant side of the bar just to pay and hand me my bag. I really had no problem moving since I didn't have an id to provide however I don't appreciate the customer service skills. As for the food the fries were pretty good but I can't really recommend anything else. I will probably try this again since it is so close but my expectations will stay low.
3	I recently gave Goldfinger's another try.  My positive was the waiter on the food side. Anthony.  He was polite and attentive.  The food was your standard bar fare.  Would I go back??? Only because of Anthony.  Next I'll try breakfast.
4	I went back for breakfast and it was great!  Anthony was working again and was in excellent form. Much busier this time. I would also like to share that the lady bartender is gone!  The bartender working this day was Randy, what a pro. Made me feel really welcome!  Putting this place back on my list!
5	I know it's a bar but everyone is super nice ! And the food is very good,  great burgers and fries at a very reasonable price. The beer is cold and they have a great selection. When you go in its never very busy don't let this deter you. Very clean and lots of TVs to watch sports and its just a nice place .
4	My wife and I have breakfast there every week. We shopped around but no one matches the French toast at goldfingers.  I also recommend the pancake sandwich.  The lunch/ dinner options are ok but the breakfast is elite.
3	Live around the corner so we decided to walk over for St. Patty's Day for drinks and an appetizer. We sat at a table and the bartender walked over and took our order. The beers were huge and cheap. We got chicken nachos which were good, but I would recommend having nacho cheese on them since the melted shredded cheese didn't stick to the chips. We loved the fried oreos and will definitely get those again. The bar area is kind of smokey, to be expected. Next time we'll probably just go to the restaurant area. The bartender didn't seem too friendly this night and when we questioned our receipt he seemed mad that we asked about it. The receipt totaled our food and then totaled our drinks, but didn't say that anywhere, so we were slightly confused. We also overheard him saying the boss lady didn't come in today, which he didn't seem real happy to be working. Not sure what was up with that. All of the customers seemed in a good mood and trying to talk with him, but he didn't seem to reciprocate. We will definitely come back to try the breakfast, but if the customer service isn't better, we won't frequent this place. Just a heads up to the manager, that you will have repeat business if people are treated well their first time at Goldfinger's.
4	Not a bad bar, not a great one either. Always same people I see everytime I go.  Wish they had better drink specials and more choices on food. Probably will return because its close to home.
3	Randy, Mary Beth, and Jonas are STELLAR.
5	Gina is a HUGE part of why we come here. She started off as a great bartender and has grown into an even better friend. Can't say enough about her!
5	One of my favorite places in Vegas...started going a few years back when I was new to the area n gina made me feel right at home. I enjoy her quick wit, excellent customer service N most Importantly her friendship. Over the years we became close enough that I invited her to my wedding.  She's a great person inside and out !!!  Busy or slow she mans the bar like a well oiled machine :) The food is always good, but I wish they'd bring back the eggplant ! Great place to have a meal, watch a game or just have a few drinks with friends. ..
5	I looooovvvveee goldfingers and Gina is the best! My boyfriend and I go in about 2-3 times a week depending, but we like to go when Gina is there, she's such a sweetheart and She knows right when we walk in the door what kind of beer we both want and to get menus for us, their food is great and super reasonably priced my boyfriend always gets the black and Bleu burger and I love the wings there but I've pretty much tried it all and NEVER been disappointed also the deep fried oreos are amazing! Gina is a legit bartender and knows and loves her regulars as well as every customer that comes in. If u write a bad review about this bar or Gina herself then u must have been the problem. there's always 2 sides to everystory. Don't act a fool in someone else's business then blame your bad experience on them! This truly is an awesome and affordable neighborhood establishment!
5	Always enjoy sunday morning football here.   Gaming specials where you can win alcohol and NFL Jerseys :)
5	I love Gina!! She cracks me up and never leaves you empty!! Great service! If you can make it in during the day, go see Alissa! She is fabulous, friendly and very attentive! Both of these girls are why we drive across town!!
