5	A friend told me about Shella and that she did an amazing job. I gave her a try and I have been going to her ever since. I live 30 minutes away but she is worth the drive! I get a manicure with a thin layer of acrylic topped with gel polish and they wear like iron. She takes her time and does them right so I only need to go back and get them redone due to out growth. I highly recommend her to all my friends.
5	Shella has been doing my manicure (gel) and pedicure for 7 years now. She does such an amazing job! I work in the hospitality industry and get compliments on my nails on a daily basis. My gel stays and looks like new even after 3 weeks. Her very detailed pedicure comes with a great massage too! Love it! Shella is very professional and never misses to send me a reminder the day before my appointment . She is also very flexible with my schedule and that's so important to me because I'm a very busy person. Shella has a very nice cozy place too.  She's the best!
5	Shella is amazing!! I found her on yelp and decided to give her a try. She is by appointment only and is worth it! She fixed my gel nails that were done incorrectly. She was very honest and very gentle. I love the work that she has done on my nails! I will definitely be back! Thank you Shella!!
5	I've been going to Shella for quite some time and LOVE her work, she is always on time and willing to work with your hours, she does beautiful work and is very sanitary which for me is of the utmost importance! I  have had both gels and acrylic, both always come out perfect, her prices are fair and she's a lot of fun to talk to and that says A LOT cause when you leave with your beautiful nails you also leave knowing you found a friend....PS, I've tried others before her and non compare
4	I went to Shella to use an Groupon I've got as a gift a while ago. I know that the Groupon customers get usually treated differently so I didn't expect much. Shella is, indeed, a very nice and friendly lady and the little salon looked clean. She did a pretty god job too. 5 stars for that.However, the coupon was for 2 deluxe mani & pedi. Since my nails were done already I asked her if for the value of 2 deluxe mani and 1 deluxe pedi I can get 1 gel pedi. Seemed pretty fair price wise since the value of those 3 services was about $70-80, less work and less time consuming. She didn't wanna do it and start complaining about the fact that she only gets $13 from Groupon for each service. (is this my problem?!) I did tip her $20 first time for just the pedi hoping she's gonna change her mind but she didn't, and second time when I went for the gel pedi she still charged me $20 extra for the gel.Another thing I didn't like is that her gel options were very limited. She showed me those nail samples but she didn't actually have the colors I wanted so I ended up with a gel pedi I didn't really like. Again, she complained that she has to pay for the gels and everything from her pocket?!So I'm gonna stick with my old place where at least they have 1000 colors to chose from and I get a discount every time ;)
