4	I've been waiting for this place to open, and it didn't disappoint.  It was a later lunch on a Wednesday but there were still a few tables seated.  The prices are fantastic, the various sandwiches are $7.99 and come with a side and a 20 ounce drink.  I had the Italian beef with French fries.  This was an ENORMOUS sandwich.  I couldn't finish it, and I'm not usually a guy that fails to finish his lunch.The sandwich is piled very high, but the meat was a little tough in spots.  However, when combined with the jus, it was fantastic.  I recommend getting your sandwich wet and getting more jus on the side.  It's not only flavorful, it adds a nice moisture.  For the most part, the bun can stand up to the additional liquid.  The giardiniera is fantastic, crunchy with some nice heat.  I recommend you use this liberally.The fries were homemade, and it showed.  Crunchy but fluffy on the inside.  There was bits of peel still on the fries, which I love.  They needed some salt, but that was about it.  High quality fries, we will definitely get these again.The breakfasts looked good, so we'll definitely have to give it a try.  Overall, great value, very friendly service, and good food.  Hopefully Henderson supports this place, it's a great addition to Water Street.
4	In one word Amazing!  But of course none of us go to Yelp for a one word review so here's the long version:I had the Kingdom BLT which is by far the best breakfast sandwich I have ever had and should be tried by anyone who loves a good twist on a BLT.  The hash browns that came with the sandwich were fantastic and just enough to make the combo worth much more that it's diminutive price.  Also hello they serve Coke!  I can't tell you how many placed I end up drinking iced tea at or water because they switched from Coke to Pepsi.  Here's my complaint with that and one voiced by other Coke drinkers I know, we know Pepsi is probably cheaper for restaurants but you still charge us the same as if it were the good stuff.  Little things like a good soda to wash that epic sandwich or burger down are essential.  This would  have been a 5 star but I had to wait longer than expected for an order that was called in ahead of time and I was late getting back to work.  That was honestly the only drawback.  I highly recommend this place for anyone looking for really good honest food.
4	This place just opened so I gave it a try.  I had the Maxwell St. Polish.  I must say it was really good.  Lots of grilled onions and mustard.  The Polish sausage was cooked perfectly.  Not greasy and soggy like the shack down the street.  Fries were fresh hand-cut potatoes.  The place looks clean and good customer service.  I will try something in the future. The prices are not bad either.
2	Mediocre. I've eaten lunch here twice and the food was okay but nothing special. The fries were soggy and the sandwich bread started falling apart halfway through my meal. The price point is comparable to other sandwich shops and the service is reasonably quick. Unless the food gets a lot better or cheaper soon, this place won't be able to compete with all of the chain restaurants nearby.
5	Went with my boyfriend to take their kingdom challenge, the sandwich was so big it could feed a party or 5 each. We got 2 of them because we were going to challenge each other to see who won but after it came out, we ended up realizing we couldnt do it. It was the best sandwich I ever had. So much meat and delicious toppings and cheeses. I was sick of it after like 12 huge bights cause i was so full but now i constantly crave it. Good thing they are right around the corner. I ended up eating more than my boyfriend but our pictures are on the dungeon of shame. If you think u can eat, i dare you to try it. The pound and a half of loaded  fries doesn't help much to win. It was just soooo much food. The workers and managers were amazing. They all kept taking pics of us. It was so much fun. I had to take a cig brake in the middle of the race, thankfully the worker had a lighter :). Might be my last food contest since i couldnt keep what i ate down lol, thankfully i did till i got home, but not my last time ordering that sandwich there, just a much smaller version. The resteraunt was so clean and nice, we are so happy the opened up.
5	All I can say is AWEOME! Hot dogs were amazing, the fries where fresh cut, the atmosphere was friendly, great service and definitely a place to go back to again and again to try everything on the menu!
2	Very stark atmosphere and a menu that's all over the board.  Not sure about this one. The Italian sausage sandwich seemed to have been microwave, chewy on the end.  Service was fine.
2	I have to say as a transplanted Chicagoan I had high hopes for Pink Kingdom Cafe but this place really let me down.I'm always looking for good Chicago fast food out here. There are a few places, but none seems to get it right. I was driving through downtown Henderson and the outside tables with the Vienna Beef logo umbrellas caught my eye. Anyone from NE Illinois knows this logo and the promise of good old Chicago style fast food it makes. So, I parked quickly and went in. They have all the good stuff on the menu any Chicago boy would want- except gyros, but that's ok as I know it's very expensive to get the stuff to make and serve it right out here.The prices here are very reasonable considering what the other Chicago style places in town charge. It was close to back home prices.There are a few places in town that do a good Chicago dog, so I decided to get a beef/sausage combo instead- hadn't had one for a while and the only other place in town to get a decent one is out in Summerlin.I took my meal home and opened it with great anticipation but sorry to say I was disappointed.  First the Italian beef- it was sliced thicker than it should be. The good stuff should be shaved very thin, theirs was more like you would get hanging in a plastic pack on the lunchmeat rack in a grocery store. The au jus had a nice flavor though, but the texture of the beef was off. Next, the sausage. I don't know what happened here, but instead of a whole grilled Italian sausage as you would expect, they cut this one up in pieces and cooked it. I assume it was to quicken cooking time, but since it was cut up and grilled it lacked that juiciness, taste and texture. It was pretty dry and chewy. Lastly, the roll they put it on was very a very generic tasting white sub roll and in no way resembled the crusty French bread a real Italian beef should be on. I know it's probably very hard to get the right bread from the bakeries out here, so I understand and cut them some slack for that.Overall it was just not a good sandwich and only vaguely resembled what you would get from a place back in the Chicago area.I got some fries with it and they were hand cut and could have been good if they were cooked more. Mine were soggy and limp.Honestly I wanted to root for this place as so many Chicago style fast food places seem to struggle and close too soon. Hopefully I just ordered the wrong thing on the wrong day. They have a large menu and maybe they can get established. I may go back for a hot dog.
1	This place claims they serve breakfast not only on yelp but on the sign mounted to the front of the building, they do not serve breakfast. When I asked for the breakfast menu I was told "we aren't that company no more. " just the use of proper English would have given this 2 stars...
1	This place has now been closed
3	Have been in once since and the quality and atmosphere had changed.  Since it is now out of the way for me to even go there I probably won't be back.  Disappointed
