1	Needed to reset my ATM PIN.  i hour wait, had to make an "appointment" to wait another 10 minutes.  BofA is all about process and not about the customer experience.  The whole transaction took 2 minutes but the drag on my time was over an hour, really?
5	Great customer service. Friendly people. Occasionally busy but they handle customers quickly but efficiently.
1	Seriously? 1.5 hours to get a wire transfer?  This is ridiculous. Bank elsewhere.
5	Although I was frustrated at what was happening Zachary made the experience great.  Thanks for you patients
2	Everytime I come here weather it be early In the morning , midday , or late afternoon they seem to only have 2 tellers working. Line long and takes a really long time... They need to put more tellers up
4	I have a safety deposit box here and never have a problem with the service at this location.  They have always been very helpful and I like the fact that they have someone at the front to assist you with whatever questions you have, whether it being talking to a personal banker or just answering questions regarding their international exchange fees, etc.
4	I've had great experiences at this branch with multiple associates - managers, tellers, and personal bankers. I love the feature of being able to schedule appointments online to see a banker because it has eliminated a wait time for us on numerous occasions. Even if you do have to wait, the lobby and chairs are very comfortable. The bankers are professional and although I can't say I've been completely impressed with all of them and their service, it wouldn't stop me from returning.The drive-up ATMs are great and I've rarely had issues with them. They're also not very busy, so they're extremely convenient.Overall, the location is convenient and I am pleased with the service when I visit (although a rarity with BOA's fantastic online banking app).
1	About 2 years ago I bought my truck and withdrew $12,000. Instead of giving me the option of a cashier check or counter check bank of America wanted to charge me $12 to be able to have a cashiers check and when I said no they sent me on my way will $12,000 in this part of town with everybody knowing how much money I had I was walking out. This is a for-profit piece of crap bank which I will never do business with again I have effective today after being nickeled and dimed have closed my accounts and will never have a checking or savings account with Bank of America I promise you that.
2	I usually dong have any problems out of this particular Bank of America but today is different, they only have 2 tellers and 15 people waiting! The first teller is extremely slow and the next teller is holding a personal conversation... Another guy is sitting in his office and I just seen another woman walk in the back.... I have never waited in line for 20 min.... This is ridiculous and This branch needs more tellers available
