5	Been a Starbucks customer for many years and this is the local store by our house and they are the best.  No matter how long the line, the wait time is always quick and the drinks are always right.  They are a chipper group and make the visit personal and enjoyable.
5	A great Starbucks store with fantastic service! Twice now have asked for decaf in the early afternoon and was given a huge surprise!! This place rocks ;)
5	Excellent service. Friendly staff. They always greet me by name. And my drink is made just the way I like it.
4	This is a good Starbucks experience with all the expected amenities of WiFi, good coffee, happy service and some great people watching. However, beware of the cranky barista. Although my mom can be a bit much on the drink customization, that's no need for an eye-roll and huff. I would chalk it up to a bad day (everyone has them, even if they're made in the Starbucks Barista Kitchen, where only happy people are born). However, I've heard her be a bit short and huffy with a few customers. Overall, a great Starbucks in a great location.
4	The location on Pinnacle Peak has closed, but there is a new one just up the street on Happy Valley & 39th Dr. It has a drive-thru!
5	Great friendly service nice location, great coffee, nice atmosphere.
5	This is a new location to me. The one on Pinnacle Peak closed. And, thank goodness because the service there was the worst. Mostly old ladies worked there and they were slower than molasses.But at this HV location the servers are younger, quick, and not wasting time when people are in a rush.Recommend it.Also has drive thru!
5	It's the same friendly staff that was at the old Starbucks on 39th and Pinnacle. They make everything perfect! Every now and then they have gotten my drinks mixed up but they happily fix it!
5	I love coffee I do wish they had Almond Milk
5	I've been to many starbucks locations but this one is my favorite right now. In the mornings it does get a lot of traffic and it does take longer to get to the window. But my coffee always tastes good. Anything I get always has the right flavors that I like. They do know how to make good coffee and the staff is really friendly
2	Slowest SB ever!  The staff spends too much chatting and they placed, what seems to be the least experienced person, on the register in the morning rush.  It took her 10 minutes to ring up 2 ppl.
4	it's just fun hanging out at Starbucks with great coffee in hand.
