5	We woke up to poo in the tub, so I called these guys at 8:00am... they were here by 8:45 and had the problem fixed by 9:40. The gentleman who came out, Paul, was just incredibly nice and patient with us (imagine: 2 twenty something females who discover this atrocity after the responsible men have left the house, both with pending shower/faucet concerns, and completely dumbfounded with plumbing jargon. Needless to say, we were probably the dumb part of his day).What's even better was that when I called (I read great reviews of them on kudzu.com... do yelpers never have plumbing problems?), the guy on the other end outlined the exact process, saying they would identify the problem, inform me what was happening and what needed to take place, give me an EXACT dollar amount, and then I could determine whether or not I would like the service performed. No guess work, whatsoever. Paul did all these things, gave me a good quote, and was speedy. He even tolerated my gremlin monster dogs jumping up on him.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS BUSINESS! It's not very frequently you find a good, trustworthy plumber.
5	Of course, like everyone else our a/c decides to die on one of the 1st hot HOT days of the year! So I called a bunch of places, and American Dream was the only one who answered and actually made an appointment with me for first thing the next morning (I called on Saturday evening). Terry was my technician, he was very thorough and he found the problem right away. He didn't do anything until he quoted us the price, and we felt it was very reasonable. We highly recommend this company, especially if you are in an emergency situation.
4	Once again, my shower backed up.  Had another plumber out here 2 months ago and they didn't think they had fixed the problem.  Then they came back in the house and saw the shower had drained and I paid them and they were on their way.  Must have been dumb luck because the problem was back again this morning.So I called one place and get an appointment at 2 PM.  Not satisfied, I checked out Yelp, called American Dream, got a very nice greeting on the phone and had a tech out for an estimate within the hour.  He did show up within the hour.  He put on those blue booties over his shoes so as to not dirty our floor.  That was the first big plus for me.  He assessed the situation confidently.  He didn't give me the deer in the headlights look when I explained the problem.  He quoted me a price, was able to negotiate a little (dropped the "service fee" in return for 30 less days of warranty) and I thought it was reasonable compared to others so I went with it.  He tried clearing it one way...didn't work so he went in another way.  Hit the spot, cleared it ,and all is good now.  He was quick and effiicient and cleaned up after himself.  About the only bad thing I could say is that he didn't say his name when he introduced himself, but we have a crazy lock on the front door and he was probably trying to figure out how it worked and got distracted.  Overall...I'd say these guys are a good bet if you're in a plumbing jam.
