4	I really like this store. It is clean and does not have the weird odor that some dollar stores do. They have a large party good section as well as kitchen items. They have had necklaces that are better than others for sure! I have returned and plan to continue.
3	In the area and in need of a calendar, we figured we check this place out. Not everything is a dollar, but the prices seemed pretty reasonable. They aren't as well stocked as some discounts shops, but they have a nice selection of items and I found a calendar for my desk with no problem.
4	I really like supporting local businesses but hate breaking the bank -- this is definitely a great way to satisfy me!The store itself is laid out well and has household supplies, food, personal hygiene, kids' toys, party supplies, jewelry... Every time I go in I find something new.On my first visit I got a bad taste in my mouth because there was a very indifferent cashier.  Didn't say hi, didn't ask anything, I don't even think she told me my total.  I paid and while in the process of doing so, the phone rang and it happened to be her friend.  At that point I resigned any chance of conversation, collected my things, and left.The second visit (it's on my way home and I'm a nice person that tries to give most places another chance) was a complete 180.  The lady welcomed me when I came in the door.  When I was checking out she was very bubbly and asked if everything was ok.  I presented my Yelp check-in special and she got all giddy and was like, "Yay, that was my idea! I'm so glad they started using it!"It's definitely not the best dollar store in the world, but if you need some cheap party snacks in a pinch I'd recommend it.  Got a whole smorgasboard for 12 bucks!
3	I rarely meet a dollar store I don't like, and the Dollar Bee is no exception. A local alternative to Dollar Tree and the 99 Cents Only store, this little shop offers similar items for a buck each. The space is way too big for the inventory here (the shelves are sad and mostly empty), but the owners do try to "spread out" their merchandise to give the store the appearance of being more well stocked than it actually is. You won't find a big variety of stuff but I left with some holiday coasters, a case for my sunglasses, and a pack of watch batteries.
