2	To start, I am very happy with my new '10 A4, so this should not reflect on the car itself.  Starting out, the negotiating of the deal was fairly easy as they really needed the sale (it was the last week of December) and my saleswoman had only sold 3 cars so far the entire month, so they were a little pliable.  The poor service however started relatively quickly, when I sat down to sign the paperwork: just for the office girl do go through the sales spiel for all the extras ($900 for tinting, really?), and try to print off the forms to sign took more than an hour, which got on my nerves, but ok, I can accept it as part of the process.  I set it up for me to turn in my current car at Chapman dodge in 2 days to give them time to prep it out for me, and for them to pick me up from the other dealership and give me a ride.  As it turns out, it took them more than 1 1/2 hours to come pick me up, after I placed several calls to attempt to get in touch with someone at the dealership.  Then, to top it off I get a call two days later that they had let me drive off without signing one of their internal insurance forms (an oversight on the part of financing person), and they really need a copy signed on file.  Ok, again annoying but a reasonable oversight.  Here is the kicker: i was on vacation, with email but not fax access (no personal fax), and I ended up having to go into work to get the fax and send it back (which turned into several hours of talking to co workers) on my day off.  After all of this, I get another call a week later that they never received the fax (after i had received confirmation that the fax went through), and again they bothered me on the weekend.  I like the car, and will most definitely be looking at Audi in the future, but I will never patronize this dealership again (the 2 stars are for easy negotiating and I like the car...)
5	Review for SERVICE DEPARTMENTI was on a road trip when I ran out of power steering fluid. The service departmet verified this was the case and sold me a bottle. The technician walked me to the checkout register (across the lobby) and offered to fill it up for me. He also checked all the other fluids right there in the parking lot and sent me on my way. Very respectable and friendly service.
1	Twice now we've taken our A6 to Chandler Audi and have been quoted astronomical repair costs. This time, only 3 months and less than 2400 miles after the 60,000 mile service they say I need very expensive work.   Hate them.  They really gouge you.
4	I've had generally very good experiences with both the sales team and the service team. My two-year lease expires in two months, and I plan to get another A4 from here again.As far as car buying experiences go, and service experiences go, this is definitely much better than the norm.
5	I bought an Audi( Chandler) from this dealership today and dealt with a great group of people that have your best interest at heart. No pushy salesmen here... I would highly recommend this dealership to my friends and family. Thanks to Gregory Goodavish & Sam Ayala for making my day.
5	I had looked at Audi before and knew they were on the rise. I was walking around the lot and found the car I wanted. I was greeted by the salesman Zach Hoffman. My first time car buying experience was very smooth and effortless. I will recommend Audi Chandler to my friends in the near future.
5	I bought a 2012 Audi Q5 new at this dealership. Had a unique option set I was looking for but Adora Fryant found me not one but more than five different color combinations that I could choose from, all with the options I wanted and only a few days away from delivery. Of course I chose the most difficult one to obtain, but Adora got it for me anyway! She always kept me posted as to what was happening, was knowledgeable and never gave me the tough sell. I really respected the fact that she never insulted my intelligence. Love Audis!
1	Two strikes and you are out!!! Audi Chandler's service department has twice now misdiagnosed my vehicle. The first time this happened I was leaking coolant and was told that my current expansion tank / reservoir was the cause of the leak. It was recommended that I replace the expansion tank. I took the recommendations of the Audi certified mechanics and had them do this work. After the work was completed, I drove off of the lot, got home, and noticed that I still had a coolant leak. I took my car back in only to discover that it was a lower hose that was leaking the coolant. I complained to the service manager. Since I had paid for the wrong work to be done, I was offered a deal...pay for the parts and the labor would be free. I did just that. Sure enough, no more coolant leak. Fast forward now 5 months later, low and behold, I am leaking coolant again. Since the work that was performed on my car was under warranty, I took my car to Audi Chandler to have them check to see if the work they had done was the cause of the coolant leak. I was informed by them that in fact it was not any of the work that they had done, but was a new leak in the oil cooler hoses. They quoted me roughly $1000 dollars to have the work done for the hoses and a new oil cooler (they gave me some definition as to why I would need a new oil cooler, all lies by the way) plus labor. I told them thanks but no thanks and they still charged me $100 for this diagnoses. Again, diagnoses was WRONG! I had a mechanic take a look at my car for a second opinion and low and behold the reason for my coolant leak was a $9 hose that I purchased and replaced myself from my local Auto Parts store. The only time I would use this dealership for service would be if my car was still under warranty and the work / service would be covered under that. Do not use this dealerships service department. They are incompetent and just plain wrong in their diagnosis.
5	I called ahead to schedule a preview of a vehicle I was looking at online. I called into the internet department and was greeted by Adora Fryant, Commercial Fleet Coordinator. I told her what vehicle I wanted to look at and a test drive would be in order. She had the vehicle pulled up front when I drove in. I'm all about the experience and this one was by far one of my most pleasant ones. I'm in customer service so clearly I was measuring how Adora would handle me; with respect and total professionalism. We took a test drive, she shared with me many highlights of the vehicle (which wasn't an Audi) and responded to my questions quickly. We walked to her desk, I asked her if I would make an offer, how long the transaction from beginning to end would take and she said 45 minutes. And she is a woman of her word. If the finance manager wasn't plowing through my information, she made sure he was. I had a number in mind, she presented it to the Sales Manager, came back a little lower, I pressed for another number, she took it back and it was accepted. I would say that it was a relatively easy transaction for Adora, knowing that I wanted to purchase the vehicle but she worked for it. Being that I had my other vehicle with me, two of her service associates dropped the car at my house to accomodate me. Class act in my book in an effort to help me out. Without hesitation, I would recommend speaking with Adora because she is approachable, pleasant to speak with, and is about as non-car salesy as they come. She's been in the car business her whole career and you could sense that. I feel that Adora deserves a shot at my next car purchase because of my smooth experience at Audi Chandler.
5	I flew in from Los Angeles to this dealership to buy a Certified Preowned Vehicle. I was dealing with Zachary Hoffman who is with Internet Sales. He was very helpful from the beginning and answered all of my questions promptly through e-mail. We agreed on a decent price That I was comfortable with.My only concern was the condition of the vehicle, pictures don't do much, I didn't want to fly to Arizona and arrive to a beat up car. Zach assured me the car was in excellent condition and that I had nothing to worry about. I was worried the paint might have some scratches or swirls that were visible. I was also worried that the interior would have blemishes or tears that were not obvious in the pictures.Needless to say when I landed at the airport Zach picked me up at the airport and took me to the dealership, when I arrived I saw the car instantly in the showroom. It was in excellent condition as he promised. The paint was top notch for a 2010 car. The car had brand new tires as he mentioned, they were really brand new. The interior pretty much looked new, no flaws at all. We went on a test drive and Zach showed me all the cool features the car had. I had previously already driven this model and thought I knew everything about, Zach showed me a couple of cool features I wasn't even aware of. He really knew a lot about the car as well, which was very cool. Most people just know the key features or whatever is in the window sticker, Zach just knew it all.Financing went pretty smooth, Zach made sure I was in and out of financing pretty quick since he knew I would be driving back all the way to Los Angeles.I would recommend this dealer to anyone in the area, the whole staff was very nice and eager to help. Big thanks to Zach though for making this whole experience smooth and hassle free. Oh yeah the dealership also filled up the gas tank all the way, I didn't have to fill up the whole way home, that was great!
5	Greg Goodavish at Audi Chandler was huge help during my 2nd purchase at Audi Chandler. Very helpful with vehicle details and history as well as answering any and all of my questions about the vehicle. Great experience, very happy with the vehicle and service.
1	I emailed dealership to trade my car in. I gave the employee all the specs on my car and they appraised it at 47k. He told me if I come tonight they will take it for 48k. So I was happy about that price. Then when I called to clear everything before I go in to get my new car. He said I'm sorry we did a mistake. He sent me 2 emails confirming the price without mentioning he did a mistake. So here is my conclusion: they give u a high price for ur car to make u go in then they tell oh this was a mistake. We r sorry and we can't do anything about it.... Is this a good way of doing business? Where is honesty and integrity ? Unfortunately none. I'm not gonna go back again to this dealership. They lost my business and any referral. Probably they won't care.
5	I bought a 2014 A8 from this dealer! What a amazing smooth transaction! Love the car! Thank you for kind and fast service Adora Fryant !! I hope you sell so many cars this year !!
1	This is the third time in six years this dealer ends up loosing my sale, nothing changes I guess. I ended up buying my last car from out of state and driving it back. The sales guy was nice, but these guys ask for a premium as they apparently do not move enough cars. I think they have a lock on the Phoenix market, they own both Audi dealerships in the area. I ended up saving a lot of money buying out of state with all the options I wanted and driving it back to Phoenix.
5	Audi Chandler is a class act dealership that really cares for their customers!!! I have bought 4 Audi's from this location and they have been nothing but professional and courteous each time!!! Jeff Kohn, General Manager, is absolutely in tune and cares about his customers, which shows each time we have the pleasure to talk to him!!! Clark Smith has been most professional and made each purchase a real pleasure!!! I cannot say enough about the Service Department who is lead by Ladell Player, Service Manager!! Ladell goes out of his way for my wife and I each time we bring our Audi's in for service!!! Our service advisor who has become a very close friend and a part of our family is Sherry Thibaudeau!!! Together, Jeff, Clark, Ladell, and of course, Sherry, is the reason why we are loyal Audi Chandler customers for life!!! Even if my profession takes me to a different location in the future, I will be the first to buy a plane ticket and fly back to Audi a Chandler to make future purchases!!! Thank you Audi Chandler for always treating my wife and I like VIP customers and a part of the Dealership's family!!!
5	I'm a every two year trade in guy so I've bought a few cars in my day and as you can see from my profile I don't post about my experience at the dealerships. This time was pretty awesome.  I worked with Adora at Audi Chandler and she was very professional, knowledgeable, courteous, outgoing and passionate about making her customer feel good about being there.  She listens very well and isn't pushy.  I'm a negotiator so her Sales Manager Nick had to get involved as I was working my magic.  What a pleasure to work with as well.  Very transparent and went the extra mile to allow me my space to feel comfortable about my decision.  I was even allowed to take the vehicle home before committing to show my family and get their take.They made a respectable offer in my trade in as well.After two days of back and forth and me being the negotiator I am, I finally commit after Nick went to bat to get me a last minute request. So, I show up ready to pick up my car and Adora is on the ball.  Paperwork is being prepared, cold water waiting on me and she went over the car options (which are A LOT) with me and even gave me a couple Audi Souvenirs to welcome me to the family.  I was limited on time and she respected that but still made sure she demanded enough time to help me move items from my trade to my new car and sat in my new car and helped me with features and phone setup and even offered for me to come back for additional tutorials.  World Class service and class acts if you ask me!!! I'll be sure to work with Adora in the future!!  Thank you Adora and Nick for making this transaction fun and awesome!Audi Chandler keep it up, you know how to do the car business right.I'll be back!! :-)
1	Took my car here for an oil change and they came back and said I had $1500 worth of damages underneath my car.  The insurance company wanted to look at the damages so I tried making an appointment with audi chandler and they would never take my call or return my calls. So I took my car to a repair shop my insurance company recommended as well as Audi of North Scottsdale and both said there was absolutely NOTHING wrong with my car. Audi chandler will rip you off and  their prices are higher than Audi if North Scottsdale will never take my car back here again. The drive to Scottsdale is worth the savings.
5	Got an amazing deal on a great car. Drove all the way from Bay Area to get it and so far there are no problems with it. Couldn't be happier. The staff was helpful and never pestered us like most dealers do and even gave us a good discount. We were helped by Greg and the finance guy. I'm pretty sure that I would buy from them again despite the distance because the experience was so amazing!
5	Love this place. Very nice dealers who don't try to push anything on you. I chose the car online, figured out the price over the phone and test drove it in person. Make sure to check out their promotions on their website.
5	Sherrie in service was exemplary.  I had a hood lift strut that would hold for about 10 secs and slowly let the hood drop on my 2011 Audi.  No problem, got a next day appointment a sweet loaner 2015 A3 and even accommodated my wish for an early oil change.  Smooth all the way around, no time off work for me and the service dept did more than expected; brake wear measured and the car detailed inside and out ( it was really dirty).This was my first venture away from my old dealer at Audi N Scottsdale and Audi Chandler was quite a step up - especially in the detailing dept.Thank you
5	I want to say thank you to Benjamin Carlson for making my first service trip to Audi Chandler smooth and informative. Thank you.
5	Just purchased a used VW for my son. From the second I walked in the vibe was great, my sales rep Sandy was incredible and I do not say that often for AZ dealerships.  The car was completely serviced and everything documented.I highly recommend this dealership!
5	This is an update to my previous post, and it reflects service only. Working with Ladel on several occasions was a great pleasure. Great customer service and attention to detail and ready to go the extra mile to ensure all issues are addressed. If I end up leasing or buying another Audi, it would be because I know it will be maintained well and because of the service oversight provided by Ladel.I have not not had any new interaction with the sales side, so my previous review and one star still stands for sales and reflects previous experiences with purchasing a new Audi.
5	I just can't say enough about the personal service we've gotten from Reginald Smith. Buying a car can be a pain in the butt but here they seem to refine the process. I'm happy to say that it's been a pleasure doing business with this dealership. So come in and don't forget to ask for Reginald!!
