5	Have been going to this location since the first day they opened.  The staff always have a smile on their face and great personalities.  I've had a few special requests and they were more than helpful and willing.  Love using the DD Perks app and getting discounted or even free iced coffee drinks!
1	Understaffed, out of everything. Just waited 15 in the drive through, paid, then was told they were out of everything I ordered. How hard can this be? I will not be back to this location.
5	The manager Adam was very friendly, helpful and patient while assisting me with my order and questions that I had, all while training a new employee. Thank you very much for your help and kindness.
1	tried this place 5 times since they opened and each and evey time was an epic fail.1. Went during morning rush before work, went inside to order a decaf and bagel NOT toasted w cr cheese. Had to repeat my order at least 7 times to the cashier she could not comprehend a simple order for some reason. Then I had to wait 20 minutes for them to make decaf coffee (apparently it came as a total surprise that someone might want something ready during morning rush?)Then they could not quite grok the concept of an UNtoasted bagel...Took a half hour all together to get my order2. Yesterday drove thru and got LARGE iced coffee.After I drove away I realized I HAD NOT GOTTEN WHAT I PAID FOR they gave me a medium instead but I had paid the large priceso3. as a test I went back this morn and ordered same and again they tried to pass off a medium  to me but I called them out and they dis ingenuously went oops and gave me a large, so I ask it is a policy to try to rip off customers this way?also4. Ordered bagel w VEGGIE cr cheese and (got in drive thru) and after I drove away I discover it is plain cr cheese.So in conclusion, they have never gotten a single order of mine right, they rip you off and they are ill-prepared and obviously in need of some sort of competent manager.I predict this location will close within a year since the other location at Tatum & Bell has a competent staff, never have problems with my order there
2	Drive through is soooo slow.  Had to repeat order 3 times and been in line for nearly 10 minutes now.  Just brutal!
5	Super sweet staff. They offered my little princess a free donut. I was totally surprised. They are super friendly and the location is very clean and staffed very well. This made a 2 year old very happy.
1	After reading everyone's reviews I don't feel bad about my experiences.Pros:  The place is amazing inside.  Cons: Takes way too long in the drive thru line to make a single drink. Seriously, it shouldn't take tihs long as I was the only one in drive thru. Had them make my drink 2 times and each time they failed. The Shift leader  didnt look all the way with it . I suggest anyone to drive the 2 miles or so and visit the one on Tatum and Bell where they are friendly and fast.  There is no drive thru there but at least you get what you ordered.
5	Fabulas great service with a smile. And good fresh food always donut clerks exceed my expectations
5	I am always really impressed with the crew at this Dunking Donuts.  The manager Velvet is always friendly professional and really brings her team together, especially when the lobby and drive through are clearly busy with all of us mornig commuters and families.  I've had Shandi at the window many mornings and she always greets myself and children with enthusiasm.  She even addresses us all by name when we're ordering. We also come in on the weekends to sit down and Elisa is super-friendly and helpful. It's clean inside and we are so happy with this location!
5	This is my very first Dunkin' Donuts ever !! Back in LA they opened a couple of them, but I never had the chance to drop by. For my first time trying DD the employee made it very memorable. He told me which donuts he recommended and had excellent customer service (lead shift leader) I tried the pumpkin pie donut (I've been a little pumpkin crazed lately) and an iced dark roast mocha with almond milk. (Almond milk!!!! :D )  everything tasted great! The place was clean and the donuts were freshly made... I must say, I have a go to donut shop that has what I need for my coffee obsession whenever I'm here visiting :) can't wait to have DD again !
1	Horrible service. Went to this location 3 times. First time just ok. Second time no one was there but me and my roommate. We ordered one coffee, one ice coffee cream no sugar and a donut. The donut was old. We waited 10 minutes to get our coffee. There were 3 people working. The last and absolutely final time I went through the drive through. Ordered just one black ice coffee with no ice. They gave me tea. This place is pathetic and Dunkin Donuts should be ashamed about this place. If you ask me, don't ever go to this location. I have not had any problems at the one on cactus and the 51.
1	Worst DD in Phoenix. I have never experienced such poor customer service whether you walk in or use the drive thru. They are always out of muffins and sometimes even donuts. It's called DD?!? My order has been wrong more than once when asking for a simple cup of coffee. Since there are two other locations nearby I will never go back to this one. I've been here about 10 times out of convenience and only two was i satisfied with the experience. Poorly run and the afternoon crew is awful. Avoid this DD!
3	Convenient location, good donuts and coffee. Unfortunately the day I was here, typical Dunkin Donut experience- poorly trained staff. Nice but poorly trained. Don't know- Dunkin Donuts keep popping up so they must be doing okay with their bottom line. Still, just think of the increased volume of business with a well trained staff! I did discover that I love their dark roast coffee!  Delicious, hot & full of flavor!!!
