5	The best auto care place in town! Check my tip for more details, but they do good work and are fairly priced.  They are always honest with me if they think that someone else in town will be able to do it cheaper, they will tell me.  If they think they can just do a fix instead of replacing something completely, they will.  They have taken apart my breaks and cleaned them for me when I heard noise, and they didn't charge me anything.  They are awesome, you have to go if you need a mechanic!
5	Go here! I found KCM when I got tires for a Jeep at tirerack.com and then needed to find a place to put them on. They had the best price in town $76 to put on all 4 and replace all the valve stems. I check the pressure every week and for 2 years they have been dead even, no leaks at all. They are balanced correctly and have no problem. I also have a 1987 Suburban that I partially work on myself and need a great backup mechanic. This is KCM. I also got tires for this from them, but as I discovered with the Jeep and my Suburban, the prices they get on tires are only $20-$40 more than having tirerack.com ship them and then have KCM put them on. Julie can also explain the differences between the numbers in tires to help you make an informed choice. In 2 years, they're sealed off my rear A/C unit, something another good mechanic could not do, setup a new A/C compressor and fixed a leak for about $700 charging the A/C coolant twice and not charging me the second time when it was leaking. They recommended Burke springs where I got the rear leaf springs re-arched for $350 when my only other option was to have them replaced by another outfit for $700. I noticed an oil leak with the extra oil cooling radiator towing package I have, they looked at it no charge 3 times! They said they would have LinGreen look at them or I could take it myself so I took the lines there. LinGreen immediately knew they were actually A/C hoses being used as oil cooler lines, which I later confirmed online that was the case for some of these "towing packages". I got stuck getting the old ones back on, limped it to KCM and Patrick tightened up my work and said he couldn't see the leak anymore, no charge. I was skeptical, thought I got a drip again, he looked at it again no charge as I insisted they have LinGreen make me some new hoses. Since they talked me out of replacing them once again, at no charge, they have not leaked for a year. My rebuilt radiator started leaking out of all the solder spots and I replaced it myself. This time, the Advance Auto new replacement didn't fit quite right, and when I finished adding coolant back in, it came straight out the bottom. After a day of work and fighting to get the radiator in place I had Tatman's tow it to KCM. Monday morning they got the same radiator again and installed it correctly for a very reasonable price especially considering I had worked on it first. They tried to get me my money back on the radiator I put in but that didnt work. There was a tricky leak with hose afterwards I couldnt pinpoint, took back to KCM, they cut the end off and fixed no charge again. I did replace that hose myself with a new one when it weeped a little, but it wasn't a big problem. They have replaced my window motor and given lots of advice on my options, things I've fixed myself, and any questions I have. Julie is great and very knowledgeable! I enjoy calling and discussing my next issue or plan and she always steers me in the right direction or calls back quickly with a quote or better info. If you have a new car, old car, want the work done right and not get ripped off go to KCM. They have been more than accommodating when I have a car towed there for Monday morning, and are always quick when I drop it off over night with an appointment.
5	I've been taking my cars to KCM for multiple years and would recommend them to absolutely anyone who needed work done in the Champaign/Urbana area.  This is the only place I've ever felt absolutely confident that I won't be roped into paying too much or tricked into unnecessary repairs.   The shop is family owned and operated.  There are no employees covering mistakes from a corporate boss.  Pat, Julie and the rest of the staff care a great deal about honesty and doing a job correctly.  If one thinks of the ideal family business - operated with integrity and hard work - KCM absolutely lives up to it.They communicate very clearly the nature of the problems, how they intend to fix them, how the costs break down into part/labor, etc.  If something is expensive to fix, they don't try to hide it.  If it's cheap and easy, they often only charge for parts.If they aren't experts in some area (mufflers, for instance), they will not hesitate to send you to a place they believe will better serve your needs.I could go on listing the positive characteristics of KCM, but anything else would be redundant.  If you have a problem with a vehicle, take it to KCM.
5	I was driving on 74 the other day ran over a giant piece of metal before I had the chance to change lanes. I got it towed to KCM because it was gushing gasoline. I called up a friend who works at an auto shop asking how much their shop charges for new gas tanks. She told me anywhere from $300 - $800. KCM quoted me at $280. I had my car towed in, they could of named any price they wanted simply because I made it very clear I know nothing about cars nor what is wrong with it. They're pricing is highly competitive. I highly doubt you'll find a better deal in the area. Julie, the lady working the front desk was very friendly and helpful. She offered my girlfriend and I a ride back to the U of I campus. The owner Patrick drove us back and is a really down to earth guy. They were very prompt with their turn around time and kept me updated regarding the status of my vehicle. They noticed that my car was very low on oil and they even put in oil at no cost. Bottom line: This place is a really friend family owned business that charges less than any other shop. They have awesome customer service and really help to take care of their customers. I wish more auto shops were ran like KCM.
5	Everyone here is great. They are friendly, honest, and they know what they are doing. I drive a 1988 BMW which presents some problems because of how old it is. The mechanics here are very good and very thorough. They are clearly very skilled. Every time I called in, Julie gave me straightforward honest estimates of part and labor costs (which can be hard to get other places). In addition, while repairing the car, I was given clear answers and descriptions of what was wrong and what my options were in regards to fixing it. This is very important to me: They did not make me feel stupid or annoying for asking questions. They provided answers and told me when they didn't know something because ti was not included in the work they had done. Extremely satisfied with all of these people and wish I had known about this place last year. They will be my mechanics as long as I live in Champaign.
4	I rented a couple Penske trucks through KCM. Chris was very very helpful and you can tell, Chris is most interested in customer satisfaction. If I would have the need to rent a truck again, I certainly will use KCM's Penske truck rental services and Chris.KCM has a parking lot full of Penske trucks. You will not find a better truck rental facility.
5	Came in to get my windshield wiper arm fixed, took them no more than 10 minutes to get to me and fixed it free of charge! Old school feeling auto care place with really great people!
5	After reading the great reviews on Yelp I was encouraged to call and ask about having our alternator replaced.  We were quoted $650 from another local place but KCM was able to get us in that same day and it ended up being $430.  They are a locally owned family run business and they are friendly, honest and helpful.  I will definitely be back.
5	I was having car trouble one day and I called KCM because I was referred to them from a friend. From the beginning, they were extremely nice and offered to take a look that same day.When I got to the shop, they did a thorough inspection and identified that my transmission fluid was burnt BADLY. And of course, as someone with absolutely no knowledge of cars, I had no idea what they meant. But they were kind enough to sit down with me to explain everything and tell me what I can do at this point.They really care. They offered to do everything they can to save my transmission by first replacing the burnt fluid. The cost was extremely reasonable - they didn't charge me for the initial inspection and any other unnecessary fees - just the fluid replacement.They only had time to look at the problem when I called them that morning, but they were willing to do above and beyond a simple inspection because they didn't want to send me off as I was. At the end of it all, they sent me home with a fixed car and a greater understanding about car transmissions.TLDR: amazing staff, reasonable prices, and great service. Recommended to anyone with any car issues in the area. Thanks KCM!!! :)
