4	Decent unassuming sports bar with good grub and good beer. Many TVs and a full bar. Service was as good as it gets. This place is owned by a nice young couple from Minnesota.
5	this place offer the best Nachos and Steak Philly sandwich in town. you will be so amazed by the huge quantity of Nachos you will get when you order it and it taste so delicious. you cant never get wrong with any of their menu items. personally i love that place and love to eat there whenever i feel hungry.
1	Horrible service.  Only one bartender on duty on friday afternoon w/ baseball games and preseason football on today.  After sitting for 1/2 an hour without talking to ANY of the staff, they still charged me for a beer after telling me they were showing a game that they weren't.  Don't plan on coming back.
4	I have been here on several different occasions and the service is always stellar.  The food is great; they cook everything fresh to order right in front of you.  Nice little patio out front, pool tables and plenty of TV's. If your one of those that have to have the cute little waitress hanging on your every word this is not the place for you.  Starters has "ONE" bartender on staff most of the time and yes they do it all! They are the cook, the wait staff and the bartender.  But if you like a little place where the service is good, drinks are strong, food is great, and the atmosphere is spot on then this is a great place to hang.
1	Ive ordered food twice here and was not pleased either time.  Once was a cheesesteak which was just OK.  Considering the convenience of the location being so close to my apartment I decided I would try them again, this time a cheeseburger, cheese fries and mozz sticks, cant be hard to mess up right? Wrong! They use spicy nacho cheese on the fries, nothing about the burger was appetizing(seemed like really cheap beef) and the mozz sticks just werent good.
3	Went here last night with some friends. It wasnt busy, which was fine with us. They had the typical bar fly old man sitting rigtht by the door when I walked in who gave me the "you know you arent allowed to smoke in here, and you are on FIRE".. line. Drinks were pretty strong and not badly priced. They dont serve food after midnight, so we just drank shots instead!Juke box was ok- had to supersearch and pay extra for some normal recent stuff, but if you like 80 rock, or journey..then you are all set here.The bartender, Jessica, i think she said her name was, was cool and made conversation with us
5	MY FAVORITE DIVE BAR OF ALL TIME!!The place is super laid back and relaxed! Every day they have a different event going on such as poker or karaoke.The food is so yummy! My fav are the wings..grilled and resauced and come out perfect each time! My boo loves the grilled cheese!The bartenders are SOOOOOO nice! I love me some "Tabby"! One thing for sure, they don't take ish from anyone so if you're comin in their with some kinda attitude...I'd recheck myself. lol I love the fact that its a mixed crowd. All kinds of different people go there from bikers to hipsters! All in all, I love this place...it keeps me coming back ;]
5	Great service! It is for sure a dive bar but I loved it. The cheese curds were amazing! I had a great time playing pool, drinking beer, and eating food!
3	This place is a treat. I've stopped by on several evenings and each visit was unique. There's always something going on, whether it be Karaoke or Texas Hold'em, and because it's such a dive, it's very easy to participate in everything. But, don't get me wrong, sometimes it does get fairly busy. And, I've met the most random types of people here - often very friendly and willing to strike up a conversation.Decent happy hour prices and the food is so-so. I haven't checked it out for sports, but they have a good size patio that looks like it could be pretty fun on a cooler night out. Though I really only go here because it's on the way home from other bars I frequent, it doesn't dissapoint as a good last-drink stop.
4	Great bar with friendly people.  You won't find a sweeter bartender than Ms. Kitty!  The owners where also very pleasant and fun to talk to!  I would recommend stopping in and giving it a try.
4	Fun. Two Golden Tee machines, pool tables, darts. Plain dive bar, with some decent food.
5	I think this place is pretty great. It's your typical -- hole in the wall, beer, pool, darts, Golden Tee, jukebox, bar food, cheap drinks, friendly people, blue collar, mostly regulars, but still friendly to newbies -- kind of place. A great place to watch a game, even better for a Nascar race (CAUTION!!!).One thing I love is that the bartenders cook the food right in front of you at the bar. That seemed a bit odd at first, but it turns out to be a great thing because you can be more involved in the preparation of your food and see exactly what they're doing. No guessing about what's actually happening in the kitchen. Some of them are really good cooks too; you might learn something. The drinks are dirt cheap, the staff is super friendly, and the drama is always low. Just sit down, drink a beer and make a friend. Simple as that.A quick note to the negative reviewers on this page: Your experience is not common. Every place has bad nights. Overall, this place is pretty great, especially if you're expecting a casual experience. I understand it's not for everybody, since it is a bit rough around the edges. I wouldn't bring a prom date here or anything. But if you're just looking to kick back and watch a game, it might be worth another shot.
4	Met up with some friends on our way to Black Sabbath concert for happy hour on a Friday . Beers were cold, service was as better than expected. We have plans to experience the true nature of this place and watch a NASCAR race there in a couple of weeks.
4	My bf ordered us food from here to go. Best cheese burger I've EVER had. Juicy patty, cheddar cheese, toasted bun.  It was darn good. I want one right now just thinking about it. Wings are good too.Bit of a biker bar which isn't really my scene, but I can't pass up a good burger!
1	Ghetto white trashy bar. First time here and my car was broken into.
2	Sad to say that this place has gone down hill since I used to visit :(.Drinks barley contain booze I ordered a 7&7 it was clear no trace of any whiskey.  The bartender spent most her time hanging with who appeared to be her boyfriend. There is some kind of horrible smell coming from the restrooms that permeates the air when the doors are opened.  Place just needs some TLC.What happened to this little gem?Based on my visit last night I would never recommend this place again to anyone.Owner or management needs to visit this place clean it up and retrain the staff.
5	Awesome vibes, great food, and tons of fun! Starters also houses 2 Golden Tee machines that are only 3.50 to play! Cheapest you'll find in Phoenix! You should ask about the bacon hot sauce they sell too!
2	Summary: Dirty place, bad service with an attitude, watered down drinks, not like it used to be. The following are my experiences from my last 2 visits:First of all the place seems to always be dirty, restrooms are disgusting. 2nd to last time I went there I ordered a pitcher and 2 cups, the cups smelled like fish. I'm not saying they smeared fish in the cups, perhaps it was the dish soap's smell when not rinsed properly. Lady barkeeper took them back with a really nasty attitude, as if it was an almost impossible request.Last time I went there I was ignored at the bar over 2 people who arrived after me, and I can understand confusion from the bartender if the bar was full but there were only 3 people there. When I raised my voice to get some service, this is exactly what she said; "I'm on break" and just stood there, and looked at her phone. Which is highly unhygienic. A second person ended up making my drinks and they were watered down, which is a pattern I have been detecting from a long time.This place is going downhill like another yelper said. I don't even go there anymore. I'm giving them 2 stars and quite frankly don't know where my generosity is coming from.
5	Awesome local bar & service.  If you're hungry & want a few beers this is the place to visit.
5	This place is great. Prices are right. Definitely better than Tempe tavern. They're personable and prices are great. Tabby is our favorite bartender and she sets the vibe for the bar and it's a great environment when she's here. She remembers what we drink before we ask which is cool. You should try their food too. I have been in Arizona since 2010 and finally found my bar.
3	This place is the essence of dive bar. The prices are good, food is good (my guy loves the wings), staff is very set. Tabby is a particular mainstay and serves us up with the usual before we take our seats. Regulars are a bit off putting due to certain addictions and problems, which at times are easier to overlook. We visit for karaoke which was good with Lindsay and Frank the Tank. Still, I wish it was more comfortable visiting without dealing with local issues. Love the staff and karaoke, wish they had a bit more control on the local element.
