1	This was my first visit to this medical office.  I made an appointment for vaccines.I was told to arrive 30 minutes early to fill out paperwork. As I walked into the office the waiting room is very drab and dirty. They had many papers taped on the doors and walls regarding cell phone use and other notices. I signed in at the front desk. The girl at the desk was not welcoming and never smiled. I arrived 25 minutes early and had printed the forms off of their website and completed prior to the visit. I was still given additional forms to fill out, the front desk receptionist told me not all the forms are available on the website. I politely mentioned someone should update the website. I proceeded to fill out the forms. The forms I completed from the website were the typical personal and medical history. However, the additional forms I was asked to complete were a bit strange. The first was a form on varicose and spider veins (family history and symptoms I may be experiencing), the second was a prescription policy stating they will not call in or fax prescription requests to the pharmacy, you must pick up the written request. Lastly, was a doctor-patient arbitration agreement. I have NEVER had to fill out a form like this at any doctors office I have visited. At this point I was questioning this medical practice and their doctors. I found this to be unsettling.After waiting for 50 minutes in the waiting room. I watched 3 people go into the back office before me and they arrived after me. I was finally called back. I walked through the door to the back office, I was directed to a small corner to have my vitals checked. This was not a closed space or room, I was out in the open, other patients and staff were walking past me. After that I was escorted to a private room. I will say that the  medical assistant was very friendly. Then the doctor came into the room, she never introduced herself. Luckily I knew who I was seeing (Dr. Finley) and she was very nice and answered all of my questions pertaining to the vaccines.I will not go back to this office and will not recommend it to my friends and family.
5	I absolutely love Dr. Finley! She sits down with you and answers ALL of your questions, always! Not like your typical doctor who comes in, does whatever you have scheduled and then leaves. Dr. Finley will sit down and answer all of your questions, about your symptoms on that day or other symptoms you had last week. She takes the time to explain things to you and genuinely cares about her patients.I have been seeing Dr. Finley for years. I have followed her to this new practice and will follow her if she moves again. I recommend Dr. Finley to anyone who asks. She is great, honest, and genuinely cares. I am aware that the Doctor can't control the paperwork that is required and needed on file and updated annually. That kind of administrative stuff is left to the owner of the practice. I also understand that Dr. Finley didn't set up the prescription policy either, again that is up to whomever owns the practice and their legal team. I completely understand that it takes staff and Dr. Finley's time, and a lot of it, to constantly be calling in new prescription. For the amount of patients the practice has, it has got to take up most of there day going back and forth with RPH and verifying the script gets there, etc. I don't mind coming in 4 times a year for the Dr to verify my symptoms, and that I still need my maintenance medications.  I wanted to touch base on Amber H negative comments:Yes her front desk person could smile more. But she is in no way rude. If you read my other reviews, you know I don't stand for rude LOL. Yes the pretesting is not in a closed patient room, I've never been to an office that weighs you AND takes your BP in a closed patient  room. Pre-testing is always done out in the open, but behind the wall separating the lobby from the PT rooms, in any doctors office I've been to.  Maybe the BP is taken in a room usually although I have never been weighed and had my temp taken in the patient room. Again, this is not reflective of Dr. Finley, but of the owner of the practice and their desires. As for the waiting, when you are a new patient you come in early and you will see people showing up after you and going in before you, because they dont have to come in early for paperwork. I can tell you that when I come in for my scheduled visits, as an established patient, I never wait more than 5 min past my appointment time. I would and DO recommend Dr. Finley to all of my co-workers (as she is in network) and all of my friends who are in need of a new doctor.
1	While Dr. Finley is a good doctor with an excellent and caring demeanor, the office policies and staff are another story.  The first thing that set me off was Dr. Rachel Gittler. After examining me, she actually prescribed a medication that was not effective for someone like me. Needless to say, I was hot under the collar because of her startling and possibly life-threatening incompetence.  Fast forward to a few months ago.  My wife needed an emergency refill on her medications. Long story short,  it took more than a week and six trips to CVS to finally get them because every time they told us the prescriptions were ordered, the pharmacy had no knowledge of the order. Add the unnecessary inconvenience of having to go back to the office for an appointment whenever meds are needed and you have an idea of the vicious circle my wife was in.  Additionally,  Erica was extremely rude to my wife and even provoked a verbal altercation.  As a witness to all of this and a former patient, I cannot ever recommend the practice.  But if Dr. Finley is at a different office, definitely get her.
1	I did like the Dr & Nurse practitioner that I've used in the past- but since my Ahwatukee Dr office was taken over by this 'Doctors group' has been downhill ever since. They will NOT fill a refill even if it is less than 6 months old and you've been taking the RX for years! This is BS. They want your copay- thats all. Its all about the money with this new group. The phone wait times are more than 10 minutes. I think thats because everyone is complaining about not getting there refills filled. No one cares at that office- stand clear of it.
