5	We had been fortunate in the past to have a neighbor who gladly cared for our dogs whenever we were out of town.  He moved far away so now we were back to square one with finding a reliable kennel that wouldn't break the bank.  This place is it!  In the past we had used Petsmart, but they are so pricey and nickel and dime for every service.  This place is reasonably priced, have cameras so you can log on and see your dogs, and the staff is very friendly and caring.  We hate having to board our dogs, but when we have to, we will continue to use Preppy Pets!
1	This review is lengthy but has valid points in determining pet boarding / pet care. I wish more people would have reviewed this place as it certainly could have prevented the following experience.I have never boarded my pets before so I did a lot of research on places who board in the area. I opted to go with Preppy Pets of Tempe as they give many different options in terms of Play Times and Types as well as being very reasonably priced. My husband and I did a "Smell & Tell" drop in to view their facility prior to boarding my dogs and saw that the place was very clean, and the owners were nice. I was disappointed to see that although their web site states "5 walks per day" when they actually do not Walk them at all. Instead they allow them to go into a gravel filled backyard to eliminate 5 times a day. A few hours after I left I was thinking about the visit and I realized that I hadn't seen any water bowls anywhere. Not in the play areas and not in the kennels. I asked my husband if he recalled seeing water bowls and he said no. Keep in mind, my visit was around 10:30AM-11:00AM so it wasn't like this was the first thing in the morning and they were in the process of refreshing the water dishes.  When I questioned them about this a day later they assured me that the dogs had access to water 24 hours a day. I thought maybe I was mistaken when I viewed the facility and there probably were water bowls.I went a head and boarded my dogs and upon my return I noticed that the entire bag of  raw hide treats I requested to be given to them daily, was still full and their stuffed animals looked like they were still new. When I questioned it they said that the dogs did not want them. This is odd because in 4 years, I've never known my dogs to turn down a treat (or to play with their toys Gently) but... considering they were in a strange place, its not unlikely that dogs behave differently. On the ride home I noticed that my dogs had chewed on the plastic of their kennel. Had they been given the treats & toys to keep them occupied, its likely they would not have chewed on their kennel but like I said, when in a different environment, they may have behaved differently. Besides that, the woman did mention that my dogs were pulling the stuffing out of their toys which always happens so I assumed she didn't want to clean up the mess and took them away. As far as the raw hide treats, they are controversial as some people fear dogs will choke on them so I could understand if they did not want to face the liability of a choking dog and did not give them out as requested. Though their web site says they "Suggest bringing toys and treats". Still I didn't get too upset about it.  When I got home, I poured a bowl of water and both dogs were drinking rapidly like they hadn't had water in quite some time. Dogs do not drink like that when they have just been Sitting in a kennel with access to water freely. In my opinion, based on the previous visit as well, this confirms that they did not have access to water 24 hours a day. I regret not insisting on seeing the kennel my dogs were in While they were in it upon my arrival to pick them up. This way I could have seen for certain that they did not have water. Perhaps some people think not giving water 24 hours a day is not that cruel but to me, it is. How would You like it if you were denied water when you're thirsty? A bowl of water is such an easy task that the only reason I can think of as to why they would limit water is so that they don't have to constantly clean up urine but that is just part of the business. Cleaning urine comes with the price tag. Needless to say, regardless of the unbeatable price, I'll not stand to be lied to and I most certainly will not stand to have my dogs be deprived of Water of all things. Amongst the Non-walks, non-allowance of toys or raw hide treats, watching my dogs drink like they hadn't had water for quite some time is most certainly the deal breaker for any further business with them. As for the Pet Cam the previous reviewer listed as a benefit, I just tried it and none of the 3 web cam are functioning.
5	Great place to board your bets! The staff is very friendly and genuinely care for your pets. I've boarded my 2 dogs there a few times and have been pleased. This facility is top notch and smells great! I was so surprised when I first visited that there was no trace of that dog boarding smell that I was accustomed to at other facilities. The floors and dog rooms were squeaky clean. I really love the play feature that you can pay for that gives your dog play time with other dogs and you can see them via webcam. I had such a blast seeing my dogs play and have a good time while I was on vacation. I definitely recommend this place!
5	I have taken my dog there several times during the year for trips. She LOVES this place. I think she's almost sad when we get home that all of her play friends are gone. The owners are extremely nice and helpful. My dog is thirsty when she gets home, but I doubt its because they aren't giving her water... that's absurd. Shes been there for weeks at a time. I think she's just so excited she doesn't think to get a drink. The prices are awesome compared to any other boarding facilities, and I love the fact my pup is only in her cage when shes eating and sleeping. They are also very most vets would barely let her out.  I love that place and not worry about that long review, they seem to over analyze every part of the stay.. So your dogs were thirsty after they were playing... thats normal! Same with comment about this location not having lush field in the back... its a shopping center!  They have enough property outback for your dog to potty and come back into the airconditioner to play again.
5	I left my furbabies here while I went to EuropeSo it was a long time, like 20 something days.Preppy Pet is super cheap pricewise compared to the other places!In addition, each time I called I would get the same lady, who genuinely knew my pups and would tell me what they had been up to.I really liked this place, and wouldn't hesitate leaving my furbabies with them again.
4	I have probably left my dogs here around 4-5 times and everytime I get them out of the car to go in they act like sled dogs pulling me in to the doors....this is usually a good sign that they are fans as well.  Cost effective compared to every other kennel I have called or experienced and the owners are very nice & helpful.  Also they have cameras set up so if you want to check on the website you can.
5	After reading the great reviews we decided to leave our dog for 5 days over Easter vacation. I was able to watch our dog via web cam and I knew he was a happy little camper. The place is clean, the staff friendly and the price was awesome. You can get any better than this!We will continue to use Preppy Pets whenever we go out of town.
5	We've had really good experiences with this place. The owners and staff are mindful of our dog's anxiety and make sure he has his own blanket and toy in his "room" and also have reported back to me on his eating habits and tried different foods with him (he tends to not eat when he's worked up about being separated from us).  They give him a bath and will brush his teeth (optional/extra) and pricing is more than reasonable. The facility smells and looks clean every time I go in there.
5	I love Preppy Pets and so does my doggy, Mickey Mongo.  I use their day care services.  I like that the owners greet and say goodbye everytime I drop-off and pick-up my dog.  They also give me a rundown of Mickey's day. Preppy Pets has a pet webcam so I can check-in on Mickey to make sure he's behaving.  It puts my mind at ease to know that my dog is well taken care, can socialize with other dogs and it doesn't costs an arm and a leg for doggy day care.
4	Great customer service... they remember our dogs, know what we like, and the dogs always seem fine there.  Love the camera and the grooming.  thank you for being great to our doggies!
2	We left our dog in for the first time recently and the first thing we noticed was the place seemed a bit grubby in comparison to standards of dog boarding kennels we've seen in the past. This didn't phase us much, as it's a place for dogs, we didn't really expect it to be pristine, just clean. So we went in, and our dog was taken from us straight away, which I personally didn't like, I'm sure it is best for the dog so that the transition to a kennel for a couple of days is easier, but still, I would have liked to have said goodbye to my pup.Further more we weren't offered a tour of the facilities to see where our dog would be staying despite the fact that the preppy pets franchise has a policy of  offering "smell and tell" tours to clients.So after getting over that... When we collected our dog, we asked how our dog settled in, they didn't seem to know, as if they hadn't been paying much attention at all. Again, I know its a boarding kennel, we didn't expect special treatment, but I would have expected some detail of how our dog settled and their behavior over the course of their stay.Two days afterward our dog came down with bordetella (kennel cough) even though being up to date with shots. As you all know, the primary cause of bordetella is poor ventilation and over crowding of dogs (we requested that our dog have no interaction with other dogs, or "play" as preppy pets call it).In conclusion, you might expect for the price you're getting the bare essential package, but, it falls far below the standard of expectation that preppy pets seems to advertise. For this price, you'd expect a basic but average standard for your dog. We would rate it at a very poor standard. I would only recommend this facility if you literally have no where else to board your dog. Further more, having reviewed what others have said, it seems the management have made no attempt to rectify their short coming whatsoever. Just because they offer a grooming service and your pet is returned nice and clean does not mean that it has had a comfortable stay. Our dog is an example of this. And just to add to what another client of preppy pets said here, our dog was drinking water like they hadn't had water all night, which for our dog, as we know them, is very unusual, as our dog never laps a full bowl of water, even if it is stifling out.... just that kind of dog. To stress again, ONLY if you're desperate. Please seek out other arrangements for your pets. Preppy pets in Tempe 85282 was to say the least VERY disappointing.
4	I love my boy, but travel a lot. Scares me to leave him with strangers, but these folks are true dog lovers - the owners plus everyone they hire. They remember my guy, remember his idiosyncrasies, make sure he has his own bed/food/toys/treats, etc. He's healthy, but they also never fail to ask me if he's on medication of any kind they need to provide him, or any special care he needs.My ONLY small criticisms:  --  I've always asked for full day play, and yet when I've called to check or drop him off, he's listed as half day play, even though I keep asking them to change this is their records. I think they finally fixed it.  --  In an ideal world, they'd have a grass area outside for the dogs to play, rather than just a gravel area for them to go to the bathroom. But no other place in Tempe has those amenities either...  --  The name - who name this place??? (It's a franchise...). I'm embarrassed to trell people where I leave my dog because of the name. Why not "Dog Days" or "Pack Mentality" or "Second Home" or etc. Preppy Pets???????Again - these are good people that love dogs. The true test? The SECOND time I dropped him off, he almost pulled my arm off trying to get inside the door he was so excited to be back.
5	I have taken my dog here for many years.  He loves it, and this is the only place in the area that I would trust my dog to be treated well.  My only complaint is the complaining from the woman who works at the front desk.  Shouldn't you be happy that you're busy in this economy??  Also, they will take your extra food, so be careful how much you leave with them.  Other than these things (which are minor) I would suggest boarding your dog here!
1	About six month ago I stopped by to drop of my pup for all-day play, and the female owner - who is the only person working that that isn't friendly - greeted me by telling me my dog could be kenneled but was no longer allowed in all-day play. Why? He bit another dog. When? A couple weeks ago, somebody should have told you. What happened? He's not good with other dogs. But he goes to all day play all the time and all your workers always say he "did great." No reply...  And this entire exchange all delivered with a bit of tact or apology or gentleness.He's now gone to Doggy Daycare (all-day play) at Petsmart every weekday since then for six months without incident - they love him and says he's one of the most playful with other dogs. Avoid Preppy Pets...
2	I just boarded my 2 dogs here for 7 days with the "half day play" option. I was quoted $245 over the phone. When I went to drop the dogs off, they told me it would be $365; they said the person who originally quoted me must have made a mistake. Because I had to catch a flight, it was too late to leave my dogs anywhere else, so I just had to pay it. The staff was friendly however, so I have to give them that. The place seemed clean enough, however, it did seem on the small side for how many dogs they had there.
1	What they fail to tell you about the pricing (and fail to show in the tour) is that for $16.95 for a small dog, your pet is staying in a black metal crate in a room full of stacked crates. When the dogs in the top crate eliminate over night, it leaks down into the crate of the dog below. Owners are rude and talk badly about customers (and employees) behind their backs. Employees are great and take good care of the pets, but are grossly underpaid and requests for raises after years of hard work are turned down. Make sure you ask for a tour of the back room where the small dogs stay.
1	They do not allow pit-bulls, pit mixes, or dogs that display similar characteristics! Do not support this company if they are willing to perpetuate stereotyping of dogs.
1	We needed a place to board our 3YO Shih Tzu when we went on vacation.  Our friends couldn't take him so we had to resort to placing him in Preppy Pets.  We visited the place before making a decision and it seemed OK to us however, we never had to board our dog before so aren't exactly experts on the subject.  We did notice that it smelled pretty bad but presumed that to be normal.When we dropped off our dog we informed the staff that he needed groomed (requested puppy cut, be sure to cut between nails, trim ear hair and trim nails).  We left dog food and rawhide bone and his bed (which was nearly brand new) with him.  We also informed the staff that he doesn't like to play with other dogs.When we picked him up the groomer came out to see us and stated that there was a note stating that he bites and that she wasn't sure how short to cut his hair because "Puppy Cut" means different things to different people.  Other groomers we have used seem to understand what a Puppy Cut is but apparently not this lady.  I was surprised at the note about biting because he is a very friendly dog and has never bitten anyone in his life.  If he is "pushed into a corner" he will put up a fuss but has never bit anybody.I was disappointed with the grooming - they hardly cut anything off.  They didn't trim most of his nails and didn't file them at all.  They didn't trim the hair between his toes or trim his ear-hair.  He had a lot of hair trimming all over him so apparently  he was not brushed or washed after his grooming.  Finally, he had orange colored stuff all over his butt - not sure what, perhaps poop or something else.  He got a shower as soon as he got home.His nearly new dog bed was FILTHY.  There were hairs all over it (Shih Tzu dogs do not shed, they have human-like hair).  There was some other white sticky fuzzy stuff all over the bed as well.  The filth wasn't just inside his bed the outside was equally filthy....  The bed is in the garbage now. After showering him, we found that he has a lot of little red spots on his ears.  We don't know from what but it looks like numerous small insect bites.Needless to say, I will NEVER, EVER take our dog to that place again.The positives are that the price is low and the staff was always friendly (even though the groomer lady was a bit odd).
5	Anyone with furbabies knows that it can be difficult to leave your pups behind whether it be a week or two days.  When I moved here 3years ago I was traveling and had to find a place that I could comfortably leave my pups in while I was gone.  Finding this in a new city with no one to make suggestions was very stressful (I didn't Yelp at that time). I found this place because it was close to where I lived at the time and it popped up on Google.  I went in for a tour and they walked me around and showed me the different Kennels and rooms you could put the pups in.  The entire staff is very friendly and the establishment itself is very clean and well-kept. They have a few different kennels to chose from as well as a groomer in house.  The groomer introduced herself to me and discussed the different cuts she could do to make my mal-shi as cute as can be ! :)  I loved this because now I can do everything at one place and feel good about where I'm taking them ! Something else they have that I absolutely love is the puppy daycare.  They watch to see how your animal's temperament is with the other dogs, which is great!  That made me feel confident that they ensure every dog can be there and I didn't have to stress about their safety.  They are always consistent in checking the current status of your pets vaccinations to prevent any issues whether it be from your pet or other clients. Every time I come in they always remember my pups and myself and that is a great feeling because you want to feel like they know your furry family!  I will even drive out of my way when I have the time to spare to purchase Blue Buffalo for my babies here just to support the business.  Overall this is a great place you can trust and leave your babies while you're out of town or for the day for daycare when it's too hot out!
1	Saw the groupon and called to make an appointment but next available was over 3 weeks out.  I figured they were simply busier than normal because of the groupon however when tried again a few weeks later they still had over a 3 week wait.  Really glad I did not purchase the groupon.  If you want new customers then you should really be prepared to provide a reasonable time frame.  I can understand up to 10 days, but 3 weeks is excessive for summer in Arizona.
5	great place
5	This place is SUPER AWESOME"!!!! My husband was on a worked training and we had to stay across the street  (Embassy suite) NOT PET FRIENDLY hotel. So worried about our 6 month old puppy. After doing some researches, found this place, PREPPY PET TEMPE.  WOW!!! Staff are FRIENDLY  , attentive, and informative .Brie , chad, Lainey ( sorry if I forget your names) are so  on Top of things ( cleaning play area at ALL TIMES!! ) watching our CHIP from web cam. We even Got a great deal. They have all Kinds of PROMOTIONAL GOODIES from Groupon and Yelp. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this place . Merry Christmas to all!!!Love, CHIP
3	I took my dog in for grooming and the price (with a LivingSocial coupon) was fantastic. I didn't research the facility ahead of time, but it was fairly close and I work 30mi from home and they were willing to let me drop my dog off first thing in the morning on my way to work and pick him up on my way home as late as 7pm.  Plus, there was no additional charge beyond the grooming fee to basically watch my dog all day.  When I arrived I instantly noticed the smell and overall feeling of chaos.  It smelled like an animal control facility and the dogs were all put in the same room where they viciously barked and snapped at each other.  The lady assured me my dog would not go in there, but it made me wonder why all those angry dogs were crammed into one kennel and if their owners knew.The check-in process was simple, but I had a feeling of dread and regret leaving my dog after seeing the conditions.  I tried to use the online cameras to check in on him.  The cameras work but not a single dog was in the "play" areas all day and you only occasionally saw an employee walk by.I barely made it to pick up my dog before 7, but luckily I got a call from an annoyed employee making sure I was coming (I arrived at 6:52pm).  They brought my dog out and he nearly choked himself trying to get to me.  His haircut looked fantastic, the groomer was very polite, and I was happy with the results.The 3 stars is for the grooming services, convenience, and cost.  I would strongly recommend taking your pet elsewhere for boarding.  I would recommend this place if you're dropping your pet off for grooming and picking him up immediately after.
2	I had a Groupon for grooming and daycare. My overall experience was ok as far as the daycare part of it. Grooming is a different story, I asked to trim my dogs nail as short as possible. Here I am a week later trimming them myself. They did a horrible job on that front. I don't ever plan on going back.
1	Worst place ever! I will never return and would NEVER recommend! I have a Beautiful female Yorkie who now looks like a butchered male chihuahua:( I am so incredibly upset with this place! BEWARE!!!!
1	I found this place via a "Living Social" grooming deal. Daniel the groomer of my Maltese is a "5 Star" groomer, very friend and did a great job, but I could not give more than one star because this "place" was awful. It was past dirty...it was "filthy".  There was an odd odor. The front check in area was cluttered and did I say "filthy", they sell dog food and other items in what appears to be a waiting room. It was chaotic.  I asked Daniel to show me the grooming room and the room where my pup would be held after grooming while waiting til I picked him up...walking down the hall to the grooming room the dirt actually went up the walls. The grooming room was dark and all the shaven hair all over the floor.  The room where the dogs are kept either for boarding or holding after grooming was fairly large with maybe 4 crates high stacked in a "U" around the room.  Floors, walls, chairs every thing was dirty.  This may be ok for some but ....I have been from PetSmart, to other dog grooming boutique's and they were clean.  Heck the county shelter in Phoenix is so clean you could eat off the floor.  I am sorry I will never go back here.  I was so concerned for my pup I didn't even go home I just waited in my car for 90 minutes til they called me to let me know he was ready.  I was so uneasy leaving him.
4	Took great care of our dog Dukey. I had a Groupon for a 3 night stay, I added on some hours of puppy play time and then I had him groomed. They were very accommodating to the times we had to pick him up too. When I got him home his skin was really dry, but many website say you're only supposed to bath English Bulldogs like 2 time a year...not sure if I believe that seeing as they are the cutest stinkiest dogs on the planet they deserve an oatmeal shampoo bath probably once a month depending on how active they are.Overall good experience, even with the Groupon all my added on play time and grooming I spent over $100 on a four night stay.
5	Love Preppy Pet! We've been bringing our dog here for years. He always comes back tired from playing all day, which is exactly what he needs! I'd recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a reasonably priced boarding place. Very homey as well, the staff treats your pets as if they were their own!
1	I'm very disappointed in my dogs latest stay here. I just realized that they had a video cam to check up on your dog, the place was way overcrowded for the space they give them to play. It's incredibly small. I paid for all day play and out of 4 days I only saw my dog on. Camera two times (morning only) the first time she was even with the small dogs and she's not a small dog. The third day I found her with her size dogs but again only in the morning. The workers do not play with the dogs. The play time is just being out with other dogs, no toys or anything just a very small space on tile like flooring. Not enough space for play time for most dogs. Very disappointed.The groupons do not cover playtime and they charge you for anything extra and I'm not even sure I got all day play for my dog considering she was never on camera...suspicious. I don't recommend this place. This is my third time there but the first time that I looked at the camera and checked on my dog and I don't think they are honest in how they take care of your pet. Will not be returning.
4	I boarded my 2 small dogs over the 4th of July weekend and was very happy with Preppy Pet.  Since I'd never been there, I randomly stopped in one day and the staff were very friendly and more than happy to give me a complete tour of the facility with no notice. Everything was clean and I like that they have individually gated areas for trips outside. The owners were easy to work with and had no problem accommodating my dogs special needs. They were very affordable and have groomers on staff so both dogs were able to have a bath and brush on a Sunday before I picked them up that afternoon. It's a busy place-- the lobby was always filled with people and dogs coming and going. It was a little tricky having multiple people and dogs in their small lobby area but it was also a holiday weekend so I'm sure they were busier than usual. Their prices are great - if I need to board again I will definitely be back.
5	I love Preppy Pet and have brought my dogs to them for going on 3 years.  One of the girls remembers my dogs every time by name and that makes me feel really good.  She walks them up and always gives me an update on how they did - personalized feedback.  The doggy cam is fun to watch and i like to see my babes with all the other dogs having a great time!  I also like the indoor play, as it's so hot out that the a/c is appreciated in summer months.
5	I tried them out with groupon, which led to me now bringing my girl there exclusively even though it's farther than my local boarding places - the staff is friendly, attentive, checks you in and out right away and when I pick up my furball she's as happy as a clam. Worth the drive for piece of mind.
5	Everyone was extremely friendly to me and my pup. His haircut came out great! Highly recommend this place!
1	I had previously had a pet waste service and they didn't do what they had agreed to do.  I called Preppy Pet and found out information about the service and filled out the contract.  The first pick up was on a Monday and was done as completed. I was happy.  Then I realized after 3 weeks there was not a pick up.  I took photos and then waited another week - nothing.  I emailed PP to ask for a refund.  I was told that my card was never charged because it came back expired.  I then spoke with Matt on the phone and we made new arrangements.  At this point the pickup was set for the following week.  Nothing happened on Monday.  I emailed to ask if the pickup was going to be the same as last time, on Monday.  I received an email from the owner the next day.  This email was NOT to answer my question, but to show me how I was a disgruntled customer that they wouldn't ever be able to make happy.  This was simply NOT true.  If that was the case I would have NEVER agreed to the service after the card had expired.  He told me that I should keep better track of my credit card information that they are not responsible for my finances and this was the reason for the cancellation in the first place.  I was appalled at the LACK of customer service. and told him I wanted to cancel and please provide me with a refund.  He did so promptly.  At this point being burned twice I don't think I will trust  nor employ one of these services again.
5	At first, I was very nervous about bringing my dog to a kennel.  However, the staff was so nice and caring.  They took really good care of our dog.  The web-cam put me at ease.  I love the idea of putting them in separate rooms, and via the web-cam, I could see how the vet techs interacted and the staff kept the play area clean.  I will bring my dog there again.
5	My fur babies love it here. I board Bingo and Maggie here all the time and we have been going here for 5 years. The staff is very caring and the owner Chad is very nice. When my fur babies come home they look good and healthy. I do not do the play time simply because my dogs only play with each other and we get a large suite for them. I did do play a few times in the past I would get a kick out of watching them on the cam. The only downfall is when you are on vacation yet you know you can see your babies on the cam you tend to want to be at the laptop all the time. LOL
5	This was my dog Leela and my second time at preppy pet, and we are very happy with the experience. My chow mix looked so good when I came to pick her up. Her coat was evenly cut and shinny. She was happy and I could tell she was treated with love and kindness. The staff is very friendly and I can tell are passionate about the care of animals. Thank you preppy pet, we'll be back!
3	I took my maltipoo to Preppy Pet for grooming.  I added on the teeth brushing.  He was supposed to be done by noon and I had planned to take him home during my work lunch.  I never got a call that he was ready.  At 4 I called and they said he was almost done.  When I picked him up he was just getting finished and they said they couldn't brush his teeth because "he wasn't having it".  I think it's because they ran out of time.  I asked for his hair to be short and they give him this poodle looking fro on the top of his head.  I was't very impressed with this groomer.
5	Excellent pet boarding!  We have 2 rescue dogs that are very afraid, and have tried a few other pet boarding places in the valley and they were unable to get our dogs out of the cage the whole time they were there.  Preppy Pet's staff actually cares about our dogs and worked with them to make them comfortable and had them out of their cages playing in no time.  Great place, and affordable prices!
