2	It sucks to do this first to review and 2 stars :(  So I was out at a friends house and was looking for something close by this came up on my app.  So I come in and am greated nicely by the waitress that is the reason they got the 2 stars instead of 1 she takes my order and leaves me alone. Now I am getting my food to go but I know and she knows I have about a 20 minute wait, would have been nice to have been offered a glass of water over sight on her part.  Sadly this was in the top 5 worst sandwiches I have ever had.  It was so greasy it was dripping off the sandwich.  I got the Ruben the meat layer was thin the sauerkraut was thick and way over powered the thin meat layer.  The fries were so burnt I thought at first they were sweet potato fries they weren't.  The odd thing was they were undercooked and raw in the middle, how does that happen?  They were also dripping in grease literally dripping.Ugh, I would not come back even if I was at the bar next door.
5	Eat here. The end.Seriously though, we've been Maple Tree fans for awhile, but things went downhill at the other location and we mourned the loss of our beloved fry bread heaven. But then, THEN...it opened over in the northwest and all was right in the world. Fry bread: check. Chicken fried steak: check. Bloody Mary?!? Freaking check! Serious upgrade from the previous location. You can order cocktails from the adjoining bar as you enjoy the smoke free dining room next door. Awesome. There were also some very tempting menu additions that I fully plan on introducing to my face in the future. Cinnamon French toast made with their homemade cinnamon rolls?! I'm gonna tear that up like bath salts junkie feasts on flesh. I would've given it 5 stars, but I didn't want to whore my stars out like that and the dining room was crazy cold, so not a perfect meal I guess. However, our awesome waitress offered us her sweater and for that, screw it...5 stars! Excuse me while I allow Maple Tree to kiss me on the mouth and add one more star.
3	I've had Maple Tree on my list forever, but let's face it the BF and I aren't morning people and never could get to Spring Mtn. in time. Enter the new Maple Tree locations (the other is in the south) partnered with Lucky Lounges- breakfast midday for people like us. The bar and kitchen is open 24 hours, but the dining room closes and breakfast menu stops at 11pm. The BF and I order corned beef hash and eggs benedict. He originally wanted country fried steak but our server came back after a bit to tell us they were out. Then a bit into waiting for our food, we get the news that they are out of potatoes so no hash browns, no country potatoes. What's breakfast without potatoes?! I changed my order to a montecristo and the BF stuck with his eggs benedict with toast instead of the potatoes and a apple fritter. I just couldn't do corned beef hash without the taters. It took more waiting to receive our food, but when it came it hit the spot. I rarely eat Monte Cristos because it is a rich, fried indulgence that can quickly turn into  a hot,soggy, greasy mess. This was crispy and tasty. I like they give you raspberry sauce and maple syrup on the side for it. It came with a side of fruit which was cantaloupe and grapes but it wasn't very fresh. The BFs eggs benedict was good, with a solid hollandaise sauce. That apple fritter was really good. I love the donut version but never had a fresh made one and it was crisp outside and doughy goodness inside. Now, this visit was obviously pretty rough and I debated if I should just forget about it all together at a point so I think my rating is very generous. The server was really nice, attentive and apologetic for the hiccups. There was a Yelp check in 15% off so I used that. She didn't tell us she was taking off a discount more than that but we noticed our bill took off nearly one of our meals which I think made up for the rough visit. They did open maybe a few weeks ago and probably haven't figured out their ordering to have enough for each day. And because of having the change our order several times, this breakfast took longer than it should have. We will return since we have few places for breakfast open but I hope they smooth out their issues soon.
