5	I'm giving this review from the perspective of a pipe smoker. I was doing research on the culture around pipe smoking and got into pipe smoking myself in order to get firsthand knowledge.  As a woman, I am   more of a rare breed when it comes to pipe smoking (though there are plenty of women pipe smokers) and I found that some tobacco sellers wouldn't give me the time of day- I think maybe they didn't take me seriously.  I also found that some tobacco sellers who claim to cater to pipe smokers will then show you a terrible, dried out, unlabeled collection of who-knows-what that they can't even describe. But Mr. Bill's is different.   I found their selection of pipe tobaccos to be well cared for: properly stored and nicely labeled.  They have a good variety, and the staff were always friendly, willing to answer my questions, and would make suggestions for tobaccos to try.    I was able to buy small amounts of tobacco to sample (sometimes they'd give me a free sample) rather than making me buy a larger amount that would just go to waste if I didn't like it.  If they gave me a free sample, I always made sure to purchase something as a thank you- they have pipes ranging from cheap corncobs to meerschaums to nicely carved wood ones, and you can buy your tampers, pipe cleaners, etc. here as well.  Good job, Mr. Bill's!If I were a regular pipe smoker I'd choose Mr. Bill's over the other local shops.
4	Nice pleasent atmo...resonable prices...cigars are usually fresh...novlety gifts are cute...No one really stands out for a 5 star  review... I now need someone to impress me before they get 5 stars... oh yelp... I have been jaded
5	Wow!  What great customer service.  I ordered on Monday, got thank you e-mails for signing up and ordering.  Got the items on Thursday with a hand-written thank you!  Doesn't get any better than that
2	Perhaps I expected a bit too much based upon their radio ads, which hyped them as the best in town, or at least among the best. I went in looking for cigars, and I found a paltry selection with unremarkable prices. Shelf space in the humidor which could have been used for premium cigars was wasted on machine-made brands you can buy at most any convenience store. I was very disappointed, and I haven't been back. Maybe the experience is better if cigars aren't what you're after. If you want stogies there are far better choices.
