4	Asiana Sushi, welcome to the neighborhood.  I don't have big expectations when it comes to downtown lunch joints, so my standards for this review are not going to be as high as my standards for a dinner restaurant.  That said, I'm a fan.  While the sushi selection is limited the lunch options are great.  You can get a bento box, a sushi plate or one of the chef's specialty lunches at very reasonable prices.  I mean, the food isn't the best ever, but its pretty good.  The serving sizes are generous and the ticket will be in the $10 range.  I've been twice and the service both times has been just fine.  I'm sure that Asiana will be part of my normal work week rotation.
2	This seems to be a much better lunch place than dinner establishment. I live nearby and was pleased to see that a sushi restaurant had opened up in the neighborhood. But once inside I realized that there is not a lot in the way of sushi at this place. There is a modest menu, which is a little hard to read, that includes only basic sushi rolls. I think the crunch roll was the closest thing to a specialty roll available. It seemed to cater more to hot kitchen items, like yakisoba and various bento boxes, which is odd since "sushi" is in the actual name of the restaurant.It seems like a decent place for a bento box lunch, but I walked into Asiana SUSHI looking for a sushi dinner and was disappointed to find that there wasn't much more on the menu than your basic california roll. :(That said, I'll probably stop by again to try a bento box. It's a new small business in the area that deserves a chance. It seems like they're still ironing out some kinks. The management/staff was very friendly and I hope they do well.
5	Asiana sushi is located across the street from the US Bank Building and is located right next to a New York Sandwich shop. I was on business travel and I saw this place and thought 'how good is Arizona sushi?'. This place isn't meant for fine dining by any means. However, it is meant for a quick lunch at a decent price. The quality of sushi is pretty good. I got the sushi & sashimi bento($11) and I also tried the red snapper katsu(new item on the menu).  The sashimi bento consists of 5 pieces of sashimi and 5 pieces of sushi. One tuna, one shrimp, one tuna, one red snapper, one imitation crab, and 2 pieces of tuna sashimi , 3 pieces of red snapper. All the bentos come with 2 pot stickers, rice, salad, 4 pieces of california rolls and your main course. The red snapper katsu was pretty good and it was the first time I've tried it. They have affordable bentos ranging from $7 to $10. The place has a bit of a cafeteria feel because they have an open kitchen, meaning, you can see the people preparing the food rather than a closed kitchen. I don't recall seeing a sushi bar, either. They have a cute snack section right when you walk in to the left serving various asian snacks. As the restaurant owner, I'd close up the kitchen and also include sushi bar seating. It looks like they're pretty new because I see a grand opening sign. I think they may be Filipino owned. Great lunch spot for those that are looking for japanese food on the cheap. They accept visa, mastercard and american express.
1	Oh my god. I literally just finished eating food from this place for the first time, or I should say the 3 bites I could actually stomach of this so called "food." Let's just say I tried the chicken teriyaki and couldn't even decipher what the hell it was. To sum my unappetizing experience with Asiana sushi in one sentence: One of the worst meals I have ever tried to eat.
3	This is definately an A-OK place to eat.  I had the Lunch Combo A and really liked the variety and quality of the sushi.  I am lerning all of the different types of rolls and look forward to going back to try the yellowtail/fin? and spicy tuna roll.  Another plus is the restaurant was really clean.  I can live without the miso soup.  It seemed very salty.  I am not sure if that is how it is supposed to taste or just my taste buds (I am not a food salter).  Overall this is a nice addition to downtown and lunchtime choices.
