5	Dr. Alber and Dr. Freeman are great vets! They spend a lot of time with us when we bring our two dogs in for care and provide excellent care for our animals. The technicians and the office staff are great as well. They know our pets are nervous in the office and are very gentle with them. They know our pets by name and are happy to see us each time we come in. The quality of care our pets receive is reflected in the improvements we have seen in their health and longevity!
1	I have taken my dogs here for ever and loved the vets and staff. My dog suddenly became very sick on a Wednesday ,morning and I knew that the office opens at 7:30am. We got there early and waited. The receptionist opened the doors on time and I struggled to get my 100lb dog into the building. My dog collapsed on the floor barely breathing and she tells me that the vet will not be in for another 30 min!!!!! Why would you open a veterinary clinic without a vet present!? I had to have someone help me get her back into the car and by this time my dogs tongue was blue. We got to emergency and she died less then an hour later. Thanks Prestige for the help on one of the worst days of my life. I hope it was worth sleeping in...
4	Dr. Alber and staff are just great.  The office is clean and staff is knowledgeable. He replaced our cocker's knees (yes you read that right) and actually made it affordable. And when we had to put that cocker down several years later - the staff was compassionate and caring.  Both vets make the time to talk with you and clearly answer any questions you have.  I've never felt rushed in their office.  Anyone with pets knows about sticker shock of care - Prestige's prices are some of the best I've found.
1	I have taken my dog to this clinic for almost 5 years, the latest vets have been there for a couple of years and I continued to take my dog there. They will take good care of your animals.  My issue stems from needing to take my dog in for his rabies shot, they won't give him his shot without a wellness exam which is an extra $40. He had a wellness exam there about 7 months ago and is perfectly healthy. I really don't want to spend an extra $40.  I can take him to the Petsmart clinic or humane society clinic and get the shot minus the wellness exam, and my vet said "fine"!!!! After many years and $100's of dollars spent there, I was surprised and disappointed  that he wouldn't let me take him there and just pay him for a rabies shot, after all he'd be going back in in a couple of months for his other shots and ANOTHER wellness exam!!!!! I wll be leaving this clinic after almost 5 years. I thought a relationship with the vet was valualble but not to me just to him.  Loyalty goes both ways......
5	Let me preface this story with the fact that it was not my little guy who I had to take in. I am dog sitting my friend's dog. They are on vacation. Dr. Alber and his amazing staff were unbelievable. I called at 5:15. They got me in at 5:30. Dr. Alber spent 40 minutes with me. Explained everything to me thoroughly. Little Rusty just has allergies and an eye infection but it was making him miserable. Dr. Alber gave me a plan of attack to care for it. EXTREMELY COST EFFECTIVE. $70 out the door, RX in hand and a tube of eye drops. I am in awe. I will recommend this clinic to everyone I know. I just cannot say enough good things about these lovely people. THANK YOU PRESTIGE ANIMAL CLINIC. YOU ROCK!!!!!!! I will now be taking my own little guy there. You guys are now the only vet I will ever use.
5	Let me start off by saying that this is by far the best vet that I have ever taken my dog to.  First of all, I have a Pitbull and she is the most amazing dog ever.  I know some people have these opinions that they are a dangerous breed and they shouldn't be allowed, but these people have clearly never met my Akuma.  With that said, let me get back to my point.  The staff at Prestige treated Akuma with all the care that you would expect from someone that is treating a family member.  I had to take Akuma in to get spayed as well as have her tail docked, before you judge me on the tail docking, you must know that she had a severe case of "Happy Tail Syndrome" and constantly broke it open when she got excited so I was afraid of infection. I cannot even begin to convey the love that these people have for their patients.  From the first phone call when I spoke with Pamela to schedule the appointment to when I met the vet tech Heather it was a wonderful experience.  These ladies are wonderful and Akuma fell in love with them.  Then I met Dr. Alber and the experience got even better.  He exemplifies what a vet should be.  He has a no BS approach to things and I appreciated that.  He didn't judge me for my choice in pets and was very supportive of what I needed to have done.  He did not try to sell me a bunch of crap that I know I didn't need.  I would recommend this place to anyone that has a sick animal or even if you just need a check up for your pet.  I was blown away by the service as well as the love that everyone in the office has for animals.
5	Found Prestige thru the Maricopa County voucher program for pet nuetering. Took my second dog there to have same procedure at full price, soley on experience. Both doctors are very nice, & very knowledgable. All the techs are great that we've encountered. (Counter help lacked in past, great now!).... I'm writing this review becuase I went as soon as they opened today to try and handle a broken nail on my Labrador. No appointment, so I of course expected to wait. They open at 7:30...I was gone before 8am!!!!!! I would have been willing to pay 3 times the cost too!
5	I've been on a "vet" hunt for awhile now and been to a couple of places around the area but they did not please me until I came across this place! The doctors here actually "LISTEN" and "EXPLAIN" just about everything so that you understand what's going on with your pet. And this makes me feel so much better and at ease knowing the fact that they actually take their precious time with each patient because to me that shows me that they actually care about their patients and the well being of our pets! All the staff members here are nice and very informative and they will treat your pet like their own and that's what I love about this place.  They get a 5 star =)
5	I absolutely love Dr. Freeman and all of the staff here. After experiencing a horror story at an animal hospital this Clinic was a breath of fresh air.  The tech and Vet Dr. Freeman were both so compassionate and comforting.  They listened and fully answered any questions we had and took very good care of our Puppy. Its not too expensive, and you can rest assure that your pet is in excellent hands. You can tell that all the staff there truly love and care about your animals well-being.  Thank you Dr. Freeman!
5	Love Dr. Alber! We have been coming here for many years and always appreciate how thorough he is and how he spends a lot of time answering all of our questions and is so caring!! Benny loves him:)
5	After having very bad experiences with vets in the East Valley, a friend recommended Prestige Animal Clinic.  We've seen Dr. Alber and Dr. Sunderman and I was just so impressed at how great they were with my animals and with me.  The doctors and the staff are very caring, listen to you, and don't try to push services on you.  I trust them with my four legged kids and would recommend them to anyone.
5	Great experience every time at Prestige Animal Clinic!  I take my dog there regularly and just had to take my 11 year old cat to get his teeth cleaned and get one extracted.  They are always very caring and gentle with my animals.  They did a thorough and accurate job in explaining to me all the possible outcomes before, what our options will be and the costs. Pounce the Cat says Thank You!
5	As far as we are concerned this is the best Animal Clinic in the USEach and every Dr. is fabulous and thorough.  They answer each and every question and truly have the animals best interest at heart.  Their staff is second to none, naturally we have a favorite because she was the first vet tech that we met.  She and the Dr were the reason we came back the second time but each and every staff member there is great and we will never go anywhere else.The office is clean the staff friendly and the Dr."s so knowledgeable and able to explain everything to us in terms we understand.  We can not say enough about Dr Alber, Dr Freeman, Dr Sunderman, and Heather as well as the entire Prestige Family. We recommend them to everyone we know!
