3	if you've been to this location when it was Old Chicago, it hasn't changed much.absolutely same decor, same uber selection of beers on tap and in the bottle - they even play bad 90's rock too loud on the jukebox in the bar still. i don't even think they changed the menu...yep, they still serve up their signature italian nachos...for as college-y sports fan as it kind of seems to be targeted for, it's a pretty normal crowd, like really normal, forgettably normal, and i don't mean that in a crappy way. i used to live right down the way and the roommates and i would head up for a beer or two, reasonably priced bar food (mushroom swiss burgers, pizzas, calzones, appetizers, decent salads). i hate to compare it to an applebee's or friday's, but i guess if i had to, i would- but you don't leave with that corporate whoreing out  feeling.the bar seating area is plentiful, it's a upbeat atmosphere with consistently decent-to-good service. it's the kind of place you could even take your dad or your coworkers, too. and when i finally say fuck it to "if it's too loud you're too old" and ask the server to turn down the juke box, they do.
3	Beer selection great, atmosphere like an out of place ski lodge in the desert, pool tables partial broken....not much else to say.I guess this place is a decent place to go once to check it out, I can't say I would bother going again. I guess between the extremely bright lights, and eclectic ski lodgian decor, it just doesn't tickle my fancy.  (if I even had a fancy) My date and I relived some moments of our past and played a challenging game of pool, similar to when we first met. We had some drinks, and played reindeer games, and chatted and joked. No doubt it was a great time. I guess atmosphere has become even more important for me lately, even if the beer selection is wide ranging and the prices are excellent. This place definitely screams " I make great pizza, I swear!" It seems like you could potential get a good pizza pie here, even if it looks as if Vale Colorado vomited inside this place.  Colorado is not known for it's pizza, so I am not sure if I can trust it. Overall Boulders gets a 3 because of the beer selection, that aside it is a low 2 rating.
4	A ski-lodgey pizzeria. This says it all. Well, almost. While the decor may be a bit "weird" and "puzzling," make no bones about it, the beer selection is great.Let's re-cap 2 of my experiences, shall we?DINNER:Arrived shortly after 6 p.m. on a Saturday and sat in the bar area, which was littered with a few patrons. Live music started at 7 p.m. Since Saturday is considered "All Day Happy Hour," I went with a $5 sandwich - turkey, with smoked provolone. On the side, fresh fruit. They call this their "Half and Half." The sandwich was okay. Nothing I can't make at my own hacienda, though. I really liked the turkey, which like appeared freshly carved. The beverage: Sam Adams Summer ale, which was their seasonal at the time. My family, who dined with me, thought the food was okay. When both my brother and my dad ordered beef, they weren't asked what temperature they wanted it cooked at. They were just given it well done. I would not have stood for that. Overall, the food is average "bar style" food. The menu is large, though. It may take you several minutes to narrow down your choices. From calzones and burgers to sammies, you have options. JUST DRINKS:Now we're talking. If you're looking for a low-key place to hang for a couple hours, play some pool, watch some sports or hear live music, I would suggest checking out this place. They have two pools tables: one downstairs in the bar area; one upstairs. They also have a video game machine at the bar. (Beware that the pool tables were probably bequeathed to this place. After all, balls disappear. Where did the que ball go? Hmm.)As for the beer, well... Let's just say they have quite the selection. You may not find your fancy imports here, but you will find some really great beers from some Oregon and Colorado microbrews. For that, this place goes up in rating for me (hence the 4 stars). After all, there's not may low-key places 'round town - especially close to home - that offer quite the array of beers to satiate my discerning tastes. I recommend you try The Great Divide Raspberry Ale, which is made with real raspberries. It's not overly sweet, but it's unique enough that you may find yourself, like me, craving it from time to time. Or, if you enjoy Rogue beer, they do sell the Dead Guy Ale on tap! Sure, I list out their beers here, but that'll take up my entire character limit. Let's just say that on their drink menu, THREE WHOLE PAGES are devoted to beer - what you'll find both on tap and by the bottle. SO WHY GO? Uhm, that's easy. Go for the great beer. (That's the main reason for the 4-star rating.)If you love good beer, like I do, and want to chill with some friends, while playing pool or listening to some live jams (though the live music stopped at 9 when i went), then check out Boulders on Broadway. You may even find yourself thinking you stumbled through an invisible portal into a 1970's Denver ski lodge. Good times!
4	boulders is great. i will leave it at that. you drive past it everyday .. stop in lots of beer . pizza is great too .rest of the food is ok... hardly ever crowded. juke box is horrible however.
3	Over all, a pretty good place. The night we went, there was a private party that closed off half the place so the bar area was a little crowded, but the bar seating is ample enough to handle it. I was impressed by the food. We shared the ham and pear and swiss quesadillas, which were really tasty, not something I'd usually have but our server reccomended it. Good call. I was also impressed by the steak and bleu cheese salad. The steak was perfectly cooked. Worth a second trip, no doubt.
4	I would give B.O.B. a 3-star rating, but that extra star comes as a direct result of the amazing selection of draft beers this place has. Their lineup features lots of domestic specialty brews and a surprising amount of other stuff available. Plus, since they rotate the selection so much, the bartenders are happily willing to give samples of what's new, which is the way it should be. I got no puzzled faces, groans or stinginess. The service we had was attentive and the food was good. My friend ordered the "interactive" guacamole and the waitress came out and made it right then and there at the table. Overall, I was impressed! Beer lovers beware, untold deliciousness awaits you inside, beneath the ski decor and deers' heads.
5	I love this place! We go here about once a paycheck! We bring our kids sometimes and even the mother-in-law a couple of times. This is a great place to meet your friends and hang out. Everything on the menu that I have tried has been great! The Stromboli and the salads are my favs! I've never had to wait to be seated. And the wait staff has always been more than pleasant.
4	"White chocolate-flavored beer?"  Those were the last words I said before falling in love.  The thing is, I don't even like white chocolate.  But, as a beer, my tastebuds and my stomach were transported to the closest thing on Earth that could be referred to as Heaven.I'm exaggerating, but not very much.  It's like saying, "A gajillion!" when the actual number is 753 quadrillion.Their other beers are great, too.  You can always ask, "Hey, what's new here?" and they'll go through an exhaustive list.  Ask them what their new favorite is and you'll get something amazing.The food is not only nothing special, I don't even recommend going there with food in mind.  It's not terrible but it's really just not that good.  They have a chicken pesto sandwich that's alright, but generally, I would say, come here after you already ate and stick to beer.The service is great.  They're always, always as nice as can be without being Ned Flanders about it.  If I ever saw someone being a dick to one of the help, I'd probably lose my shit and go Tony Soprano on 'em.I saw Barack Obama's acceptance speech here, the vice presidential debate between Biden and Palin and the first half of the Super Bowl.  This is sort of like my second home, only maybe a little bit better because there's more than one toilet.
4	Boulders sits in an old Old Chicago franchise with some reworking done to make it somewhat bike-oriented. It's in a weird area, on Broadway between Priest and Mill, and a little difficult to find because the sign on Broadway is fairly small.We came for the $5 sandwiches and $3 beer that were advertised on their web site for their all-day Saturday happy hour. When we finally stumbled upon the place, the entrance was fairly hard to find. It's in the back. Upon entering, you find a cavernous, two-story, multi-leveled, dimly lit restaurant with tons of big booths and various separated rooms. Kind of strange. Almost completely empty.I got a look at the menu and immediately realized that the special was actually $6 sandwiches and $3.50 beers on tap. Whatever.The draft selection is a little bit better than you'd find at an Old Chicago location, with some Dogfish Heads, a Rogue and a Ska. They also had a Deschutes red on tap, which I had never had, that wasn't on the menu because it was so new. A lot of the beers are not available for the happy hour prices, such as the aforementioned Dogfish Heads and Ska. So I opted for the Rogue Dead Guy Ale and started looking at the menu.They have quite a bottles selection too, leaving off a lot of the American crap (Bud, Coors, etc.), which I really admire in places, and sticking to the more well-known micros, with a few Four Peaks and that Papago orange stuff to round out the locals. They even had a couple of Nimbuses (Tucson). The bottles were not on special, but I prefer draft beer anyway.The sandwiches and burgers list was a bit more than I had expected. Chicken, turkey, a sirloin (not available as the $6 special) and a couple of veggie options. For sides, they had salads, fries (waffle) and their new, housemade potato chips. I had the southwest turkey with the chips.Those chips are basically thick pieces of potato, lightly fried with a bit of seasoning. They were very good, and I was glad that I got them. The sandwich was nice: deli turkey, cheese and a bit of chipotle sauce for a little kick.My girlfriend got the burger, and I was a bit jealous. It was a rectangular patty on what looked like a ciabatta bun. She said it was one of the best burgers she had in a while and actually finished the thing off, which is really rare for her.Service was good. I felt bad that there were so few people in there, but the guy was really, really nice and attentive.Two beers and the sandwich ended up $13 just for me, which is a pretty good deal when you think about it.Downside is that it's a little dingy inside. They should probably work a bit on cleaning the place up. Maybe get some sort of interior design consultant to come in and revamp the place a bit. Also, the location is just so weird. I've stayed at that Motel 6 across the street years ago, and I never thought I'd opt to spend any additional time in that neighborhood.But I would definitely go back, and would recommend it to those who like their beer. Maybe a good alternative to Four Peaks since they're perpetually packed, although some people may be scared off by the atmosphere here. Give it a chance!
4	Remember McDowell's in the movie "Coming to America" with Eddie Murphy?  They had the same menu and practices, but it was McDowell's and not McDonald's.  Same here.  This Old Chicago was converted to Boulders on Broadway, but the menu is virtually a clone menu of the Old C menu with the same options, nearly idenitcal prices, and on some occasions I swear it's the same images.Tap selections good though, and the craft beer enthusiast will be happy here.  It's always great to see Dogfish Head on tap (90 minute).It has a dive feel to it inside, as it is often rather dark and gloomy in feel.  Seems to have a few regular alcoholics too, but what local bar doesn't?
4	Had a great afternoon lunch on a Saturday. The food was great, the beer was bar none the best and the staff knows their beer. We did a tasting and had a lot of fun talking "beer". The place overall is a little down on its heels. The waitress said they do a beer dinner and I can betcha it would be great!
4	I am biased because my friend from high school owns this place. However even if he didn't, I will still say this place rocks. The food is great, the beer is fabulous and the people there are awesome. I need to get back soon to try some of their meads as well as some of their newer selections. Seriously though, it really is a great place, you will not be disappointed.
4	After climbing at AZR last night, Taylor and I were deciding where to get our drink on...  We jetted down to Boulders for wings, good beer (Arrogant Bastard) and pool.  This place is so hip to the outdoor life that they have Climbing mags to read while waiting for the food to arrive!Any bar that has Dogfish Head, Chimay, and Moose Drool is a winner in my book.  Even saw Yelp royalty here, Taylor F. was lounging with Jen and Tim!   I will be back.....  Oh, and it is definitely the place for shorts and flip-flops on a Friday night!  One last note - great jukebox...
5	awesome beers on tap and the service is good.
4	Beer. Bicycles. Food. The three essentials to Boulders on Broadway:Ride a bike and have no worry about it being stolen as you can bring it inside to their spacious bike racks. Most of the employees ride bikes as well, so feel free to strike up conversation about cycling. On that note, all of the employees are friendly and (usually) prompt on drinks/ordering/etc, when it's busy sometimes there is a delay but that's standard for most businesses. Especially neighborhood places.Lots of tap beers (12+) and even more bottles/cans in the cooler. Fans of Stone Brewing, Dogfish Head and other distributed craft brewing brands will be pleased to see their selection. The taps and stock changed semi-frequently but not enough that you won't have something to like week to week.There are a few bland selections on the menu and other things that are very good. I can attest to anything "Southwest" on the menu being delicious, I usually go for the Southwest Quesadilla (which you can get veggie). Their pizzas are above average, we're not talking LGO, Cibo or Bianco quality, but they are worth a shot if that's your craving. My friend likes the Pepperoni Wheels, I find them a bit oily while still being good. One item I found lacking was the "Turkey Sandwich" and the regular nacho plate didn't impress either. They were both below average but not the worst I've ever had.They have good specials throughout the week, with my favorites being Monday (1/2 price pizza), Tuesday (1/2 price apps) and Thursday (1/2 price select bottles, one each, as to get people to drink different beers).
5	I love this place. Been coming here since it was Old Chicago. I miss the 'round the world' beer thing that OC had, but so what... Boulders reminds me of OC but even better. Great food, great staff, a crowd that is a nice mix of students and other folks. A real neighborhood bar with just enough college vibe but not so much that anyone over 30 feels painfully out-of-place. Came in recently with a big group, we sat upstairs and the service was a tad tardy but I completely understood, we didn't realize how big our group would be. They shanghai'd extra wait staff to keep us all happy and I gotta say we WERE happy. Love the big-ass nachos and hell, pretty much everything there.The only complaint I would ever have about their food, is that recently I had some kind of stuffed burger and the meat just was not cooked thoroughly enough, and it took so long to get my order that I really wasn't about to send it back and wait even longer.But, hey, shit happens sometimes. This is by far the exception there. I will keep coming back, love ya Boulder's! If only you could open up one by my area of Phoenix!
4	A couple buddies and I came here for a early lunch, and to have a few beers, we got the Big Nachos with the peppers and olives on the side cause I'm picky like that, and wow it's served on a 16inch pizza pan with some red sause. The sausage was a little light but the nachos were really good, we also got a pesto quesadea that looked really good and then I got a beef sandwitch and fries that I could not finsh that's a lot of beef mmmm. I walked around a little bit and this place is huge they have a upstairs witha pool table and a dart board, I would love to come back here and see what it's like at night. The people there were very friendly and seemed like a fun place to have a beer, food or just to hang with friends.
3	The Boulders is finding its niche and for the bicycle, i'm getting my drink on crowd, they are fitting in well. However, the food has well, fallen in my estimation. Average bar food is what is being served. Gone are the plans for a beer dinner with pairings and quality dining. It has been replaced with quick foods of pizzas, strombolis and nachos. Not particularly sparkling but gets the job done when your main attraction is beer and Boulders does do beer well.  The staff has slipped into an easy, we serve those we know best and well, the rest of you, not so much. The bar has an easy 20 something feel, and its' patronage reflects it.
5	What's not to love about Boulders? Cool, friendly staff. Dozens of craft beers - importantly coupled with some true, in-house expertise on the subject. Great food, especially the pizza. Excellent weekly specials. Prime location with plenty of parking.And, of course, there's...The Big Freakin' Nacho. The BFN is truly the most unusual, potentially frightening and ultimately satisfying nacho-type dish I have ever utterly failed to finish, even with the assistance of multiple friends. It is served on a pizza platter.  A LARGE pizza platter. Enough calories to support a small Eurasian village through a long winter. And, oddly but pleasantly, the chips are made from fried pizza dough, and marinara has been subbed in for salsa.  An experience worth having.
3	Great beer selection but as far as the food and service goes maybe we were there on a bad day. After ordering we waited forever for the food to arrive and once it did it was cold.
4	I can't believe it has taken us 5 months to find this place since we moved here in November.  Given how much we miss our home back in Denver, Colorado, Boulders was like a little taste of home; laid back people, friendly staff, bikes and rock climbing gear scattered about, veggie friendly menu and more.I have a few things that bumped this down from a 5 to a 4:a) They have Fat Tire all over the place; fat tire coasters, fat tire decoration on their specials board, bikes here and there, etc.  But when my partner was so delighted to be able to get her favorite brew, Fat Tire, and tried to order it, they explained that they didn't *actually* have Fat Tire. She wound up getting an Odell's (another CO microbrewery), which was good....but was very disappointed.b) The menu had some intense mis-spellings, things that if they'd ran a spell check, they would have fixed. Like vegitarian. As a marketing person, errors like that always annoy me. Nit-picky? Yes. But that's how I am.c) Our first waiter made this whole deal about how he was going off shift to drink with his friends, and would have someone else take care of us, and bid us farewell. And then came back not, once, but twice. A little odd.d) The bathrooms were a bit gross, and the ads expired in 2008?However, the food was delicious. Our server Lindsay was new, so she had to check on a few things, but was friendly, timely, and made us feel very welcome.  While the people who came with us weren't impressed with their wings, the dip we got was delicious, and our other friend was super happy with their pizza.We felt like we were at home. What a nice feeling.  Yes, I'm a bit picky about little things, but over all, we loved the atmosphere, the food, the microbrews, and the friendliness. I think we've found out local bar until we moved back to CO.
4	Boulders on Broadway is the perfect place to catch the game. It has a lot of space and a great vibe. Not to mention a ton of beers on tap and half-off bottle deals (actually - they have a lot of deals, it's the type of place that has some sort of special every night.)It's also the kind of place where you can get to know the staff if you stop in regularly. The food is fairly good for a bar - still have a lot of the greasy favorites (and they are favorites for a reason) but there are also some decent salads and such. I've never really had a bad time at Boulders and it's becoming a go-to place to hang out with a large group of people.
3	I was visiting Tempe for the first time on business, and jumped at the chance of my work colleague, Vince, going out to lunch (just so that I could try the local hangouts); we kind of looked at him funny when he non-chalantly said something 'bout "boulders" ......and it's no wonder that not all of us knew what he was talkin' bout, cuz it's pretty discreet-looking, and located in a building that came right out of the 80's. You wouldn't know right off-the-bat if this was a restaurant/bar, and with the interesting name and all, that makes it all the more intriguing.Being a cyclist myself, I knew it was a good sign when I noticed the interior bike parking! It looks like a pretty cool, laid-back, and non-pretentious atmosphere with younger-gen worker bees and clientele mixed with wood-trim decor, a bar, and TVs in the background.It wasn't at all deserted, and though not necessarily packed, was fairly full with people, and looked to be a well-known neighborhood hangout, and I thought that this was a good sign. The menu was fairly descriptive, and made me want to order everything on the menu. It consists of your typical bar-food, but all changed-up with their own special twist.They had something called the "Big Freakin' Nacho" (lightly fried chips topped with mozarella, sausage, olives, and peppers) and upon advice from my colleague, went with the half order (at $7.49) since I heard that they mean business when they say, "big." I ordered this with EXTRA cheese.I also went with the Costa Rican Cesar. My colleagues ordered other items such as the wings, pizza nuggets, the burger, etc.The service - Our waitress was pleasant, took our drink and food order, and all-in-all, the service was relatively quick considering the decent size of our party of 8. She was pretty attentive the whole entire time!On to the food - The salad was fairly good, and was a good portion. People can screw up salad, yet what I got was what I'd expect from a place of this genre.I ordered my nachos with extra cheese, yet they were pretty far from cheesy. In fact, I kind of think that it's the cheese that is the GLUE that holds it together in nachos, so with every bite, I either had nothing but "chip", or I had stuff rolling off of it. Note that I didn NOT complain or send it back because even for a "half" portion, it still came out on a pizza tray full of chips, and I pretty much felt like (if I complained), all they were gonna do was just add the cheese and heat up the platter of chips again, which would've made them stale...Other than this one thing though, the taste formula is pretty right-on, the chips tasted like they were fried in-house, and as the menu described, they tasted light. They could've been so much better though with that extra cheese it needed.I tried the Pizza Nuggets, and they were good - tasted like pizza sauce and cheese slathered on soft bread. The wings were just so-so (good, but not quite good enough to give me that wow factor).If I could I'd give this place 3.5 stars; they'd be a 4-star if they somehow stepped up the quality just a tad-bit - ...they seem to have the right formula going, and their food is unique enough; good enough taste-wise, and large enough portion-wise, yet, in my humble opinion, they need to step it up to make that difference between the thought of "food just being thrown together" vs. really going for that wow factor....I'd most-definitely come here agian, though.
4	If you like Trivia nights and a wide beer selection this place is for you.  If you hate Trivia nights and want a fancy drink this place isn't for you.  The food that we get there are usually the burgers and fries which are great.  The pizza isn't too bad and recommend the thin crust over any of the thicker pizzas.  I recommend the SW Chicken Quesadilla and it is somewhat spicy.  The steak sandwhich is literally the best sandwhich I've ever had and my wife agrees. The salads are hit or miss; I've had one good salad and two pretty horrible iceberg lettuce based ones so avoid the salads as they always seemed a little wilted.  Go there if you have a party of about 5 max as its kinda hard to find seating during Trivia nights.  I hosted my birthday there sometime ago and rented out the upstairs.  To sum up: great location; great people and great bar.  It would get a 5th star if their upstairs was more developed and they hosted real, live music instead of the brutal jukebox.
4	Okay, so a group of us go out practically every Friday to the same old places for beer and food, but mostly for beer. So to break out of the norm, I was in search of a place with excellent beer and good food and somewhat close to home. So onto Yelp I go and came upon Boulders, and the reviews were pretty good and definitely worth checking out. So we all pack into the car and head over to Boulders. The parking is great, plenty of spaces to go around. You walk through the patio, not bad with all the misters, felt like I was in a rainforest, but very refreshing. So you walk a little further, watch the steps, and there's your bar. Very open, plenty of hightop tables and lots of TV's. The beer menu was plentiful. It should make everyone from the microbrewer to the coors drinker happy. I was pleased because they had plenty of vegetarian meals, or dishes you can substitute meat for veggies... and for you meat eaters out there, I was told the burgers were delicious and the waffle fries were soooo tasty. The staff was helpful and attentive as well. I would definitely add this into our Friday night rotation. If you're looking for microbrews, this is a place to check out. The atmostphere is kicking and just an all around good place to kick back.
3	This place is great for the beer lovers.  They have tons of beer on tap and even more bottled ones.  They have the small brewery offerings that are missing at so many places.  I am judging it almost entirely on the beer alone.  We ordered some nachos which were some odd twist on nachos.  I was unaware something as classic as nachos needed fixing.  I'll stick with the classic.It seems a lot of bicycle riders patronize this joint which I guess is cool... if you ride a bike.  The building is unique and quite large.  There was a guy playing music when we were there.  I went several months ago and might go again, but I think I would prefer to keep trying new places in search of a gem.
5	I am proud to say that Boulders is my home bar. You can't beat the service anywhere in my opinion. Pizza is great and the rest of the food isn't bad either. But lets talk about beer selection. They have something like 30 beers on tap a wide variety of bottles as well. Daily specials and great prices on drinks already. You have to be insane to not love this place!
5	Staff is great, food is great, beer selection is super great.  They have PBR in a can every day all day for $1.25.  They have great daily beer and food specials.  The California Carver pizza is super unique and amazing.  Also, it is very bike friendly.  You can bring your bike in and hang it up inside, which is super nice for anyone who actually cares about their bike.  Everyone is super nice, they have tons of seating, tons of TVs with the games on, darts, and pool tables.  They also just added a new outdoor seating area where you can drink.  Trivia night is every Tuesday, and they have great live music every Wednesday.  I am a huge fan, and they deserve your business.  If you like good beer, good food, and good times, this is the bar/lounge/restaurant for you.
5	On the night of a show at The Clubhouse, I went to a record store to pick up the tickets. I had researched restaurants close to the venue on Yelp before I left and decided on Boulders. I asked one of the record  store clerks whether he had been there, and he said he had. I asked if he liked it, and he said he didn't. When I asked why, he said "It's just not really my scene." He then followed up with, "Are you into like, craft beers, and like indie rock, mountain biking, that kind of thing?" Umm, yeah, pretty much. "Then you'll like it."This is my new place. Although I feel a bit typecast, I guess they nailed it for a dude like me. Cider for the gf, Bell's Two Hearted Ale draft for me (that alone is worth about 3 or 4 stars in my world), and we split a "build your own" pizza. It was thin crust, which reminded me of Rosati's, although it could have used some more sauce (maybe I'll ask for extra next time). The beer selection is awesome - just about every awesome IPA (I prefer hoppy stuff) that I could think of. If I remember right, there were like 20 or 30 on draft. Such a relief when the fanciest beer I can get at a lot of restaurants I go to is Sam Adams, Fat Tire, or Guinness. We were talked into a skillet cookie to top it off - not something I'd do every time, but well worth it.I love this place, and I will surely be coming back.
2	I have found myself torn regarding Boulders on Broadway. I rarely occasioned the place when it was Old Chicago's so when ownership changed my man and I tried it via to-go food. The order was wrong. Bummer.Ok, it's really convenient so lets give it another go.Once they added the patio and searching for a cozy patio with cheaper booze than Casey Moores, less hipster-poser shit and better food, I figured I'd try it again.A friend and I went in and the joint was hoppin. A man waited on us whose name alludes me now but he was so nice, and eager to please us. We went another time, large group, b-day party, same server and again service was awesome. He is always super kind, jovial, and eager to serve us well. I s'pose he appreciates return customers who tip well.We went back in a smaller group, sat on the patio, and being a slow night, the service (Audia was her name) was great. Since those visits the service has declined dramatically. Take your pick from the cranky dude (shifty eye guy), the brand new waitresses who seem to last a only a week or two, the waitress who I am told is an owner with the personality of um, a bev nap or no service at all. There've been several occasions that I or someone from my party has had to go in search of anyone to wait on us. My friend wandered into the kitchen to find the staff hanging out and chatting. She gave the place 3 tries and says she is NEVER coming back. The first time was bad but she knew I and our friends went there often. The 2nd time was awful. For her 3rd visit she tried desperately to talk me into another patio bar where prices were higher but service was better. I considered it but had others meeting us so stuck with our plan. Her 3rd horrific visit was to be her last. After waiting for 30 mins just to place her order, confident the food was being cooked, and another 15 minutes later the server came to inform us they were out of one of the items my friend had ordered. That in fact, has happened to someone in my party on more than 3 occasions now.As the popularity of this neighborhood bar rises so should the number of people they employ.My sad feelings are that this place will not realize the bounty they have created and will turn so many people off that many will not want to come back.That and the very very drunk patio dudes who like to start fights with dining patrons, paired with slowwwwwww service, unavailable menu items, and unknowledgable staff make for a challenging visit to Boulders on Broadway.I also do not care for their diced meats in some of the menu items but most of their other items are dee-lish!I dont know what the answer will be as the place is so convenient and affordable. But I cant keep giving my money away and leaving unhappy.
5	We love this bar. The beer, servers and food is awesome. The beer selection is spectacular and reasonably priced ($4 for a specialty beer). And they have PBR for $1.25!!The burgers they had this summer were great! Soooo delicious!.
4	Boulders probably has the most extensive collection of draft micro-brews in the area. They're constantly rotating through only the best beers and always have plenty to offer in the high-hopped varieties, which tend to be my favorites -- from Dogfish IPA to Stone to Bell's Two Hearted Ale.The service here is also excellent, both at the bar and at the tables. For a college town, the scene is pretty diverse. There are plenty of early twenties hipsters and hipsterettes but I've never felt like I was the only person over 30 here.The thin crust pizza is also quite excellent. I always order it extra crispy and it's consistently done right. I'm not too sure about the other menu items yet. If you like a relaxed atmosphere, really good beer, and tasty pizza, give Boulders on Broadway a try!
4	Good place. But what 's with the mustaches?
5	everything about this place is great.  staff is top notch.i hear they have regular celebrity sightings as well. last time i was there i saw Mike Panza.  That was pretty excitingAlso, Coheed + Nachos = Perfect
5	This place is phenomenal. They have a huge selection of beers on tap and in bottles I have never seen so much in one place. The odd thing is I have never heard about this place till I started working down in Tempe, but once I tried it I will drive across town on the weekends even when I am not working to go here. I suggest trying the Pizza and the Pizza Nachos, they are my absolute favorites. This place gets PACKED in the evenings and on weekends but it is a casual environment and is highly recommended.
3	Ummmm, I like what they've done with the place!  I still remember this as an Old Chicago, and I think this is better.  Great beer list!  Friendly and helpful staff!  But.......  The bathrooms were not well maintained and stinky (like you could smell them as you approach) and the menu appeared rather uninspired yet pricey.  This place needs to decide whether it's more dive bar or gastro pub, and then maybe I'll jump fully on board.
4	definitely need to get flat screens in the bar area, but thankfully the amazing selection of beers, and Alex and Dave's service, made up for the Analog Bears vs. Vikings game.  Did i mention all-you-can-eat one topping pizzas for only $7 on Sundays??  i was ashamed i could only make it thru 2 1/2... but they are huge!  unbeatable deal.  Rock!
4	It was late Sunday night and not a lot of restaurants are opened in Tempe. Boulders on Broadway showed up on Yelp and has good reviews. They have an impressive selections of beers on tap, friendly and efficient  service. We all shared a Spinach artichoke dip, Big freaking nacho and California carver. The big freaking nacho is very interesting and good. The spinach artichoke dip is delicious. California carver pizza has grill onion ring toppings, very unique! I definitely recommend this place.
4	A good place to grab a drink! I've only been here once, and it was quite a while ago but I had a great time in their upstairs billiards and darts area
4	Great atmosphere and sign up for their loyalty card and not only will you get great happy hour specials but even better specials on top of that. good food and good beers on tap!
3	I think the yuppies may be giving this place a little ratings bump simply because it's an off-mill tempe bar.Went a couple weeks ago.  Atmosphere is good.  Beer selection is good.  I've been to about a hundred bars for pub quiz, and never experienced anything as stupidly easy as the questions at this place.  But hey, pub quiz is more for the social effect than the intellectual challenge, so why not.I was mainly disappointed in the food.  It was luke-warm and luke-flavored.  I'll eat anything, but I found this place from this website, and based on the reviews was expecting a lot more.Will probably go again, but will eat beforehand.
1	I ordered the Nachos which is just a huge try of fried wantons with cheese, pepperoni and some type of meat. That tasted interesting but it was a huge tray for $10.00.My friends ordered a Sausage Pizza which had hot dog meat for sausage. The Chicken Alfredo tasted like the hot dogs which some weird cream. For my waffle fries I was given cocktail sauce instead of ketchup... wtf.i'm never going here again.
2	I happened on Boulders after Four Peaks was mysteriously closed.  I haven't been this underwhelmed in a while.  As far as the interior of Boulders, there was much to like: a bar area, a restaurant area, a second floor with pool table, a Christmas tree with beer can ornaments, and a outside patio.  The menu was normal bar far with an emphasis on their pizzas.  So I went for a pizza.  I chose the California Clutter or something like that.  It had onion rings, avocado, lots of cheese, and was supposed to have turkey.  Instead I got peppers in place of meat.  The deep dish was quite weaksauce in terms of the thickness of its crust.  It was more like a pyramid of crackers.  Though in the end, the pizza was decent.  My friend and I split an order of garlic cheese bread (what I had been craving at Four Peaks) and it was decent though the marinara sauce that came as a side looked like it came from a can.  Then there was the service.  We never got napkins or silverware until I finally asked for a fork towards the end of my meal.  There's no host stand, so you have to seat yourself (a sign would have been nice to indicate that this was the case).  We were supposed to get plates for our garlic bread, but those never materialized.  I guess if you look it as a bar and lower your standards for the food and the service, then you could be content.  However, I have enjoyed delicious food and had great service at bars in the Valley, so I can't.
3	We hosted a small get together for the holidays with about 20 people. I thought the food was pretty good and the beer selection is greeat. The service was okay. When visiting the restroom, I found both ladies stalls to have ZERO TP and they had ZERO hand towels. This was on a Friday at 5:30pm... I then mentioned this our server and she did not apologize. As I started to look more closely at Boulders, it looks like they may be soft on "housekeeping" duties. So for me, I will not be returning here... but if you want to hang out with the guys, knock down a couple of beers and watch a game, this place will work... just not clean enough for me.
4	I have been going to Boulders on Broadway every Thursday night with a group of friends since August. I love it. The atmosphere is really laid-back and on Thursdays many of their bottled beers are half-off. I have only eaten there a few times but each time the food was delicious. I highly recommend the steak and walnut salad as well as their home-made potato chips. Boulders is the perfect place to go if you are looking for some place low-key.
4	Rogue Dead Guy Maibock, Pepperoni Wheels, and Team Trivia. The rest is kinda irrelevant.The beer list is absurdly good, the food is cheap and delicious, and the music is kept at levels that are pleasing to the senses while staying conversation friendly.I expected Boulders to be a college bar but there were plenty of Oldy Olsens like myself hanging out and enjoying the fine spirits and Team Trivia. The wide range of affable, good-looking peeps was really a nice surprise.The only criticism I can offer up here is the state of the men's bathroom, which was a disaster area. Really, really, gross. But I'm a dude, so whatever.Boulders isn't in my 'hood but it's definitely worth the drive.
4	My local bar, Boulders is a four minute walk from my house and I love it. They have a very large and always changing beer selection and a great crowd every night to hang out with. This is not a college bar, you could run into anyone here, young or old. The food is good, but it is bar food, this is not a gourmet spot, but I love their big freaking nachos and fish n chips. My only particular gripe is the jukebox... the music is either really good or it makes you want to leave... but with the best happy hours in town and friendly atmosphere, it's a very minor complaint. I am here at least every Thursday night with some pals and I don't see that changing any time soon.
5	Around 150 beers... team trivia... no nonsense. A cruisers paradise and and eclectic mix of people. Beer snobs and frat kids alike! You always find something you like with the super knowledgable bartenders/staff, and you will never feel out of place. I love love love this bar. There are different happy hours every night and Team Trivia on TuesdaysOh, ps. This is NOT a sports bar... there are handful of older televisions through the place so go to BWW if you're looking for a game.
5	We ended up going here on a whim, we live less than a mile from it and drive by it daily. The menu was huge, the service was great, and the food was WONFERFUL! They put a twist on the usual everyday bar food and make things new and delicious. When we first walked in I was worried if the place was kid friendly, but it totally was, the kids choices were perfectly priced and portioned. We also came here with some beer savvy friends who were blown away by the beer selection. so all in all, we love this place!!
2	I think all reviews of this place should be time stamped! 11:45 a.m. since it was my lunch hour  I tried to get there a little early and avoid the "lunch rush", which, turns out there wasn't one, and now I know why. Service was ridiculously slow and the food was ridiculously mediocre. It's too bad I wasn't there at 11:45 p.m. instead, because they do have a really impressive beer selection, which I am guessing is fueling 100% of the good reviews, because food and service really don't matter as much after a couple good beers. an extra star awarded for color coordinating the menu so all Vegetarian items are Green. I did like that a lot.
4	Solid 3.5 stars rounded up. A mood struck me, it was last minute.  I needed to get out to some place new.  So I sent a text to Anna M and we decided to meet in her neck of the woods.  A quick Yelp search put this place at the top of our list.  Parking was packed.  I had to park in the lot next door.  There were several folks on the patio. As we walked in we were greeted by a large indoor bike rack.  Pretty neat!We claimed 2 empty seats at the bar and the server let us know that they had Happy Hour all day during the weekend, the beers with the * were $1 off and sandwiches were $6.  Ohhh nice deal! As we looked through the menu we also noticed they offer all you can eat 1-topping pizza for $7 on Sundays. We agreed we needed to come back on a Sunday to check this place out. Once we realized they also do Pub Trivia nights we also agreed we needed to come back for that too.  In fact much of the crowd on this night was here for the Pub Trivia so much so that within an hour after it was over this place emptied by more than half. The food and service were quality.  We decided to split the honey chicken sandwich with waffle fries.  A little cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato, onion and pickle. The chicken breast was grilled and was thick and moist. The 2 of us with 2 good beers each and sharing a sandwich came out to about $30 including tip.
5	I can't help but love this place. I've been going here since, quite literally, the day the opened. I move further away and I keep coming back.The staff is friendly, the food is delicious, the beer selection constantly rotates to new and interesting beers... and this is basically the de-facto hangout for climbers and cyclists! Really can't go wrong with this place.
4	Great place to grab a beer! The selection is fabulous. The staff is kind aloof but friendly. The atmosphere is very casual, relaxed and kinda hippie. I've been twice. The first time was on a Saturday night. The place was packed for trivia and emptied out quickly after the game. I shared the honey chicken sandwich with a friend and it was quite good. The waffle fries were delish too. The second time was a Sunday afternoon for the all you can eat one topping pizzas for $7 per person. I got green chilies as my topping and loved it. It the pizza gourmet? No. Is it a great pizza for the price? Yes! I powered my way through 1 1/2 pizzas and took home the leftovers. Make sure you bring your appetite!
5	Boulders is a great place to have excellent beers on tap. There are always new beers to try. There is also really good quality food! My boyfriend and I go at least once a week. The staff is very friendly and always attentive. Also, the parking is WAY better than Four Peaks. I would definitely recommend Boulders to anyone. Five stars, no doubt.
4	Beer-wise, I still prefer Papago Brewing and Topps. But the ambiance was pretty delightful, the service was great (it helps to have a cute kid), and the pizza was shockingly good.That's not hyperbole. I mean, we're not talking Pizzeria Bianco here - deep dish is the focus - but we were stunned at the depth, complexity and deliciousness of the California Carver. It's not often you come across innovation in the world of pizza, but this was really phenomenal.
5	Just had my first taste of breakfast here at Boulders and I was not disappointed. They have about 7 awesome breakfast combinations and I can't wait to try them all. Had the eggs benedict today and it was great. The sweet potatoes that come with it are the bomb. You'd be crazy to not to give it a shot.
4	I'll begin by saying that I used to frequent this pub years back because the beer selction was always top notch. After I relcoated to the other side of town the visits became much less frequent . Now that i'm back on this side of town, oh yes, Its On! Many years back Boulders was an Old Chicago. In my humble opinion they were quite smart to go independent as the craft beer selection immediately improved (leaps and bounds).  This is the place to find those bucket list draft beers.  On my most recent visits I have found Firestone Walker Parabola &  Port Older Viscosity on Draft!The food hasn't changed much since the shift from Old Chicago & thats a good thing.  Highlights include the Pizza, the Italian Nachos (yes Italian) & happy hour 1/2 price appetizers. The happy hour is good value, the ambience is old pub friendly & there are frequent visits from craft brewery reps with swag to give away.  I think everytime I go I leave with a free beer glass!  Last but not least, the staff actually know their beer. You really cant ask for more at this price point. Why not 5 stars?  The web site needs Huge Work, I'd like to see a tap list online & the food somtimes take its time to arrive.  All said, one great place worth checking out!
4	I love Boulders so much. Their food is delicious and their service is wonderful. There are so many different beer choices to choose from, and the happy hour is great. However, sometimes it can take FOREVER to get your food. So, if you're super hungry, I wouldn't recommend Boulders as your first choice. BUT I would most definitely recommend the place.
1	$20 minimum on delivery. Way too high when considering other delivery options in the area. (In a college town. lol)
3	This was my first time after being around 3 years. I had a restriction to this place as it gets crowded with college students. Good for beers from micro-breweries specially when they are 1/2 off!! Still the can and bottle won't beet the draft. Food? we only had the frigging nachos, that are gooooood for their crispiness. More I wouldn't dare.
4	Visited Boulders again this past Monday to partake of a few craft brews & have a bite to eat.  I had a Stone IPA & a Rogue Dead Guy Ale, both on tap.  I'm told it was the hottest day of the year but it was Bloody uncomfortably Hot inside as well.  Thank god for the cold beer!  We had Italian Nachos, Veggie Style, to match our beers and all was good in the world.  My only complaint was the inside tempature, in the Arizona Heat, this is an important detail! Lets hope they fix this little bug!
4	stupendous beer selection and food was awesome as well and open late. what else do you need to know?and umm they have hummus( good hummus) so automatic thumbs up in my book. you will see me  checking in here.over n out.
5	New favorite Tempe bar!I can't believe it has taken me so long to get to Boulders.  Badass beer selection. Badass drink specials!  I love bars that have daily specials. I would say Thursdays at Boulders are the best... 1/2 off almost all bottles of beer!  *But make sure you look at your tab because the bartender forgot to take of the 50% at first*It is quite packed with a college crowd but falls into the lines of a 'Casey Moores' more than Mill Ave etc.  Have really great Trivia there on Tuesdays! Its a big place with ample seating and cheap drinks but the best part is that you can bring dogs on the outside patio.  I don't know any other bar that allows dogs on their patio! Its fantastic! Yay Boulders!!!!
2	Wasn't really my cup of tea.  Dark and dirty and falling apart feeling inside.  Went for happy hour which was only *okay*.  Tried the Mexican style nachos and they were fine... certainly nothing special.  Many of the food items sounded downright disgusting- like the Italian nachos.I can't imagine going back.
4	Walking in I had a big whif of mold.  Staff NICE, food pretty darn good.  We had appetizers.  Drinks we good.  Nice happy hour specials.  We played trivia.  Nice crowd of people.  A mix, not just college kids.  Bar was fun, not too loud and tables were only slightly sticky.  I will definitely go back!
4	I come here often. It's around where my office is. Anyways, they've got a fairly decent beer selection. Their staff is fairly friendly. Prices are higher than what I'd like but happy hour is when I recommend going because prices are reasonable at that point. Food is good, beers are good. I recommend the kiltlifter, strongbow, or hefenweizen.
4	Server was great; very attentive and excellent service.  The food was wonderful and the beer selection made me wish I had not gone for lunch.  Sunday, all you can eat personal pan pizza.  Thursday and, I believe Tuesday, are 1/2-priced bottles.  Great place.  Although the price is above $10, it is not much beyond that price/person.
5	If you're looking for a super chill bar to sit, relax, and enjoy a few beers with friends, Boulders is the place. Started by avid rock climbers who used to be employed at the restaurant that formerly occupied the business space, this place is a Tempe gem. Delicious food, a large drink selection, great happy hour prices, daily specials, and one of my favorite things to do while the night is young on Saturdays--Trivia.Grab a group of friends, pick a horribly offensive team name, and get ready to play TRIVIA with some of Tempe's... smartest? Er-- People with as much useless random knowledge as you.My only gripe is that this place can get HOT during the summertime depending on what area of the bar you're in. But hey, this is Arizona, you should expect this anywhere you go.
4	Great place to chill after work and take back a few amazing beers with your friends. They have a great selection of craft beers on tap and bottled. There's definitely a lot I'll need to try. The staff is friendly and their happy hours are generous. I'd recommend it easily.
5	My boyfriend and I decided to try Boulders out last night because we wanted some good beer and it's within walking distance of my condo. Good choice on our behalf! We arrived around 10:30 pm, so we took advantage of reverse happy hour ($1 off most pints on draft). They were also having half price pizza night, but we had already eaten pizza earlier in the evening, so we did not get a chance to try the pizza. Had we been hungry, it seemed like a great deal.I was VERY impressed by their beer list! They had the biggest beer selection I've seen anywhere. When I was shopping at a specialty store last week, I noticed a "Maui Brewing Co. Coconut Porter" that l was very curious to try - but I passed it up because it was $10 for a 4-pack (ouch). I asked the bartender at Boulders (Rob) if they happened to have that specific beer - and to my utter surprise they did! I was happy I was able to try it out before shelling out ten bucks to buy a four pack at the store. Two thumbs up! Speaking of Rob the bartender, he was great. Very fast to take care of all the customers around us as well as my boyfriend and I. Made sure we had everything we needed without being intrusive. Overall, I had a really good first experience at Boulders on Broadway, and I will definitely be back. I dug the old-school ambiance with the wood paneled bar, we received very good service, and the selection of beer was amazing - truly something for everyone. If you live in the area, I'd recommend checking it out!I plan to get some friends together and go back for one of their "team trivia nights" soon - sounds like a blast.
4	Nice beer selection - lots ot Tap handles including some local breweries - Think Local, Drink Local! This place doesn't mind if you come in after running, biking, playing kickball or just didn't feel like taking a shower!  Thin crust pizza, super thin almost like a lavosh.  I like it - NOT greasy!  Went simple with pepperoni, mushroom & jalapenos. Generous without being over the top - tasty sauce.  Spousal Unit got the cookie thing in a pan with icream and TWO spoons - nice try on the server's part but he wasn't SHARING!  must have been good, I blinked and the pan was empty!
5	Great selection of beer and always a good drink special.  Probably has the best Pizza in the east valley.... definitely worth it for the pizza alone.  Other menu items are good, and portion sizes are generous.Not the best place to watch sports, but has an adequate amount of TVs, including some HD flatscreens.
4	Excellent beer selection for the Tempe area.  Many local and obscure beers on tap and even more in the coolers.  The food has been hit or miss in the three times I've been here so far.  Nothing has really struck me as amazing, but nothing was so horrible that I had to stop eating it or send it back.  The servers can also be a bit absent with such a large place, so you're much better off to sit at the bar, the bartenders are great.Come mainly for the beer in a place with attentive bartenders and relaxed atmosphere that doesn't get too loud for a bar.
4	Amazing selection of beer! Good specials, too. I was able to find my favourite Maui Brewing Company Mana Wheat here which made my day! The food is very good and portions are more than ample so you can easily split something or just have a lunch for yourself the next day. Service is really friendly and the vibe in here is really relaxed and fun. I came in after a race and didn't feel at all out of place in my racing gear and all sweaty and tired. My new favourite post-race place!
3	The food and service are both fine here, but I've experienced better. I love love love that this is so close to my house. My husband and I walk over there a lot, usually later at night to enjoy the late night happy hour. The atmosphere of the place is intriguing to me. I don't know if I love it or hate it. It is dark, and oh Lawdy those bathrooms are atrocious. Worse than any I have ever encountered, not exaggerating. I want to love this place even more since it's so close, but I'm just not feelin it yet. It is fun to go out there, but the place itself is just okay to me. I am not a big fan of beer, but my husband is constantly ordering different beers and it makes him happy so I guess I'm happy too. Except for that one time he bought an $18 bottle of beer and nobody warned him it would cost that much. That was no fun and I feel like somebody should have mentioned that it was so costly since they recommended it. For shame. But yeah, I like it here and I will continue to come back on a fairly regular basis for sure.
5	Cool bar, bike friendly, good draught selection!  Told the bartender I drink everything and that he should pick me a good beer, the result was a great suggestion that I enjoyed thoroughly.  This building's layout is kinda odd with a loft and a couple side rooms set up with dining tables.  This results in a cool ambiance and a take-me-back-to-the-golden-years attitude.  Love it.
1	Went here tonight with friends for trivia. I ordered an ice tea and a personal Vegetable Kaiser Pizza. The pizza was soggy, bland and greasy. The ice tea was horrible even with sweetener. I will continue attending for trivia, but will seek food elsewhere.
3	I've been here a few times, and it is a great dive bar. We have tried going on our lunch break, because our work is right down the street. Everytime we are late, but the food is pretty decent bar food! They have an awesome beer selection, and last time I went I had a great belgium! This is a cool little hipster bar that I am definitely returning to:)
4	Total Dive. Love the beer selection, one of the best around. Great place to hang out. Bike friendly. I feel like I am in Flagstaff or CO when I am here. Great place. Food needs an upgrade but it is a dive. Still a great beer selection and a great place to hang.
3	I was in town for business last week, and stopped in on Thursday night for a beer.  As it turns out, Thursday is half price bottle night - so I skipped the tap and hit the bottles (and cans).The beer selection seemed massive:  I could see the taplist on the wall which was rather extensive, and the bottle menu, while not quite as big as the tap menu, was full of great beers.If I was only in the mood to drink, this place would probably get 5 stars, but I made the mistake of ordering a burger. Maybe it's because I'm a good ol' midwestern boy who knows what red meat is supposed to taste like, or maybe I'm a f*cking burger snob - either way, this burger wasn't impressive.  The fresh bun, and toppings were nice, but the meat lacked any flavor.  My companion, who is a regular to the place told me that If I wanted a medium burger that I should order it rare - I did, and it was still well done...*long sigh*.Two points that I feel are worth mentioning are: 1) there is an indoor bike rack, which is nice-not to protect your bike from the rain (it's the desert ,asshole), but just a little bit of additional security. and 2) There was a NORML meeting going on right in the outdoor seating section, which  everyone has to pass through to get in the door. Now, I'm not against NORML or what they stand for, but I think maybe the management could have provided adequate accommodations within the massive building, which would keep their meeting a little more private.So, I highly recommend Boulders on Broadway for a great beer, but make sure you eat dinner somewhere else.
4	Went to Boulders this afternoon for Happy Hour.The bar is a cool location and atmosphere with a great beer selection. I look forward to going back and trying more of there menu and drinks.
5	Here's the deal.  I'm not even going to review the "food".  No.  This is devoted to the fries.  Listen... the food is pretty good.  I could think of some things to do better, but as it stands I would never shy away from an opportunity to eat here.  I fear the sandwiches are being overshadowed by the fries.  Oh... the fries.  Nuggets from God himself.  Nuggets from Allah.  NUGGETS FROM THE BETTER PART OF THE AFTERLIFE! (And if you don't believe in the afterlife, then... uhhh... nuggets from Dawkins?) Seriously.  I long for those fries.  Oh, I had the pizza one time.  It was good.  Not as good as the fries, but... you know, shadow of the colossus syndrome and all... good.
4	Boulders is great! So many craft beer options on tap and tasty food! :)
4	Great food, good deals, amazing beer. Be sure to come early on trivia nights (Tu, Sa, Su)
5	There are so many things right about this place it should be wrong. The heaters outside for the patio area are even fantastic. I went on Halloween this year, and everyone was dressed up, it was quite amusing. The building appears to be built into the side of a hill, so there aren't any windows, this kinda gives the place a darker- shadier feel. However, their alcohol and beer selection is pretty amazing. The person I was with was pretty impressed, and I've had friends talk about this place often. We had hamburgers stuffed with pepperoni, cheese, mushroom, and other pizza toppings. They were a bit dry, but still delicious, I recommend trying one of the burgers, for sure. The burchetta was by far the best appetizer I've had in a long time. The guy taking our order disappeared a few times, so it took us a long time to get our check and food, but if you're having drinks that won't be noticeable.
1	Shockingly bad food and service. We were with a private paryt upstairs so maybe that was the reason for agonizingly slow service but there's zero chance of me returning.
4	When I left Arizona six years ago, the craft beer scene consisted of Papago Brewery and Four Peaks. I would never complain about either, but there just wasn't much going on. After a recent visit, however, I found that there are not only a ton of new breweries but pretty awesome beer bars as well. Bravo, Arizona.  My visit just happened to coincide with AZ Beer Week (seriously) and Boulders on Broadway had an impressive lineup of drafts for the occasion.The day prior, they had tapped Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA, something that beer bars in San Diego only dream about. They also had a bunch of seasonals and local beers that I would never be able to get back home.After a few beers, I wanted pizza, my significant other did not... but this caused no problem at all due to their "personal" sized pizzas.  Genius!  Why don't more bars do this? Life is great when you're not arguing with friends about topping choices. I only wish this place was around when I was in college. No offense to Devil House (RIP), but chugging penny beers until someone broke the seal (literally, tape covering the bathroom door) just doesn't seem to measure up.
3	The food is fantastic!   Nachos yum, Pizza - YES!  Pizza was Half BBQ/Half Pizza of Sustainability.  I loved the deep dish crust, really well made.  They just need to get their service game up.  We waited for 15 minutes to be served and servers kept passing us.  No bueno.  Large selection of beer which was great for AZ Beer Week, but I don't do beer.  I wish they had some cider!  Love the fact that they have a late Happy Hour!!!!
3	Three Words: Butter Buffalo Wings. Take a look at the photo I posted showing a close-up of the extra side of buffalo sauce I asked for and you'll see very thin red sauce with a heap of congealed butter slowly sinking to the bottom. it's enough to scare even Paula Deen away. I just don't understand, this isn't normal right?!In other news: I only tried the wings and beer so I really can't comment on the rest of the menu. But judging by the the cracked out method they serve wings...let's just say my hopes aren't sky high. They did, however, have a large selection of craft brews on tap and even more in bottles. So they get points for the booze, plus I love trivia and they have games three nights a week! Apparently, come for the beer and trivia but go elsewhere for the food unless you actually like a stick of butter served with each basket of wings.
5	Cute place, not fancy but comfortable.  Huge beer selection and knowledgeable bartender.  I had the bacon wrapped shrimp and penne pasta.  Pasta was cooked perfectly and had a ton of flavor.  My boyfriend had the bacon cheese burger cooked to medium which is to done for me but I had a bite and it was still juicy and delicious.  My lunch also came with choice of soup or salad and I chose the Caesar.  Fresh parmesan plus they added sun dried tomatoes, best Caesar I've ever had. This is a great place to chill after a hike or bike ride.
3	The beer list here is GREAT. Seriously. If you like craft brews, go here.The food is meh. There are a lot of really interesting combinations, but the execution wasnt the best. The service is also meh. All 8 of us had to be wary when our waitress came around to tell her that so and so needed something too. She would take one or two orders at a time. Seriously though, the beer is awesome.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Great bar style food! My husband loves their beer selection and I love that they have Strongbow on tap and Crispin in bottles! At other restaurants I have to settle for a beer that I'm not crazy about....my Strongbow and Crispin I AM CRAZY ABOUT! Thank you for carrying my ciders! Food is good, bar food....lets get this straight....this isn't a luxury restaurant folks.....If you go frequently, get diner reward card. Honestly...awesome. I love supporting local businesses and I'm so glad they support their local breweries. I get intense cravings for this place frequently. Will certainly be back, again and again!
4	Oh Boulders, you have made me proud. handsome Dave turned it all around for me and i come weekly with a group of hungry, thirsty ladies for our official "meetings".  From Addya to Dave to Poopsie to Amy, we just keep gettin it good and keep comin back. Your food runner is top notch and a great idea! The mgr (I think) comes out to show us baby pics as if we were part of the Boulders fam even if we dont climb or ride. The patrons have become less, erm, gangstah and more neighborhood. I am so pleased this neighborhood cove found its way to realizing the fortune this hood can provide, given the right prices, decent food, a chill patio and good service. I could see Boulders expanding that patio and raking it in, should the city be as kind as to let them. One thing- chilly months? Do away with the cool, fancy looking heaters that dont work and do more with the other version. The fire pit is a great touch but it runs out often. Other than that, I hope you appreciate how amazing your core staff is. They are largely why we keep coming back!
4	This place has a great beer selection and good specials like half off bottled beers on Thursdays if u are a club member... Do it, register its easy! The food is your typical bar fare. They have their version of a pizza cookie (half bake topped with ice cream) not nearly as good as the original from Oregano's... Sorry I name dropped. Over all great location, younger college crowd, laid back atmosphere, and really good service!
4	As you can see from my check-ins, I have become a regular @ BOB.  They have greatly improved on their service (much appreciated)!  My friends and I have returned multiple times for their nachos and pizza! I also have ventured out and tried their Tree Huggin' Veg Head and Spinach Artichoke Calzone - all good.  Make sure you catch Happy Hour during the week to take advantage of their drink and appetizer specials! They have Wi-Fi and the music they play is also really good! SOLID! :)
3	I had a pizza. It wasn't cooked fully so I sent it back. Manger/Owner personally apoligized.  I got a new one it was perfect. Very tasty but a bit price. Monday's are half price Pizza.  I din't find the place very social and friendly. Seems you come with someone or your on your own even if you are in the bar.
4	Best part: loved the beer list. Lots of delicious and unique craft brews. Looks like there are some great brewery events here, signed up for the email list and hoping to catch a few. We were here late on a busy Friday night with a group of six. There was one table left that we were able to squeeze around. We ordered some late night food - sandwiches, burgers, nachos, sweet potato tots. We all felt like the food was fine, but just fine. Everything could have been a little better. Our friend's burger was ordered med-rare and wasn't really pink at all. The breakfast menu looks pretty promising. I guess we'll have to try some food here during regular meal hours. Very friendly service.
4	Love this place and the owner offered me up a free lunch since I made a stink about the lousy food last time. Food was much improved and I give the owner 2 thumbs up for making things right. Keep up the good work. Never be lazy on the food.I will be back!!
4	This place might have one of the best beer selections at a reasonable price in all of Tempe. Possibly in the East Valley. Their food is great too, service is decent, and the daily specials they offer are just plain awesome!
3	I have been here a number of times, going back to when it was a Old Chicago's.  On our latest trip I couldn't help but notice a really foul musty moldy aroma that really turned me off.  The food was good as was the beer, just got the feeling that the clenliness may be going downhill.
4	Boulders is one of my favorite lunch spots during the week- it's close enough I can get there during my lunch hour, and not very busy at that time of day so we can get our food quickly.  I get the Honey BBQ Chicken Salad (with no onions! ...no onion?) every time.  My coworkers have ordered a variety of different lunches, and gave two thumbs up to those too.  They have a large beer selection for my beer-drinking friends and really tasty root beer for me!  I haven't been for happy hour or at night for drinks, but I'd like to!
3	This place seems to have a bit of an identity crisis. It is a cross between a dive bar and a gastropub and it just feels a bit off. They have an impressive beer selection and the prices are decent too. We sat on the patio with nobody else around and our dog was allowed to sit with us, so that is a bonus. Our server even brought out some water for the little guy. The downside is that we were approached a couple of times by people asking for money or food. The last thing I want to do is sit and try to enjoy myself as people repeatedly come up and ask me for handouts, so I knocked a star off for that. All of the food we had was good but there wasn't anything that I would go out of my way to get. I will probably be back for a drinking lunch someday since I work nearby or to grab a beer that you can't find anywhere else nearby. Bottom line is that I'm neutral on this place - won't avoid it or go out of the way for it.
3	If I was voting on beer selection this place would be a 5. They have a large selection of reasonably priced drafts and they change weekly brining in new and different beers to try. I can also say most of the servers are very good. I come every week for trivia on tuesdays and the service is always good, nobody has any problem with splitting tabs for the 6 or so people we have every week. I never go long with out a drink or waiting to order. It is a very well run crew.Now for the bad the food is very hit or miss and even the hits aren't that exciting. Since I am here on tuesdays I often get appetizers as they are half off. Some like the southwestern or apple/pear quesadillas are good and a solid amount of food. Others like the pizza wheels are barely edible. I have had some of the regular menu items and they often suffer from being bland or over salted. Some recommendations of mine on stuff to get include the california carver burger or pizza, the hummus appetizer, and the tatonka burger. Also costing them points is bad AC and that the bathroom may be one of the worst I have seen in an otherwise decent place. They have a horrible hand dryer that isn't high flow or hot and they don't have paper towels as an option. The door to the toilet doesn't have any lock and swings open on it's own.If you want a place to have fun drinking and playing trivia you can do worse than here. Just be careful with the food selections and don't get your hopes up.
3	I have been here quite a few times and have mixed feelings about this place.Negetives:1. Sometimes I don't feel like I'm getting good service because it seems like some of the waiters think it's more important to yuck-it-up with the regulars than to give all of their tables the attention they need/deserve. I understand wanting to take care of loyal customers, but giving everyone the same quality of service is how you get people to keep coming back. I have left a couple of times because our entire table felt ignored. Once we were even asked to leave our table before we were done because they needed it for a large party. I was really annoyed that we were asked to leave (not even offered another table), so they lose their first star from me for that. They should really lose two for this, but they gave us a $5 coupon for the rather large inconvenience, I appreciate the coupon but I wasn't ready to leave! A nice gesture though I guess, so they can keep the star for now.2. The food quality isn't consistent and on two (out of five) occasions my order was incorrect. On a couple occasions my friends commented on how their food didn't taste the same. Both times my meal was mixed up, the food was comped and a new plate was brought out to me, but by that time  all of my friends were done eating and ready to leave and so I either had to hoover my food or take it to go and continue to be hungry for a while until I found the time to eat it. I appreciate the management fixing both of those situations, but they lose 1/2 a star for those things as well.3. The bathrooms are sad. I've changed my mind about having to pee once I walked in the bathroom a couple of times. Not COMPLETELY their fault, some of these youngsters that frequent this place don't exactly strike me as the type who are used to cleaning up after themselves, but more regular bathroom maintenance really would be nice. 1/2 a star gone for that too.Now for the positives:1. Fun atmosphere. It's the kind of place you go to with a group of friends. Each time I've been here I was with 2 or more people and we had a good time despite the food debacles.2. Great beer selection. 3. The nachos are really good and are HUGE. If you come in with a group of people I would recommend ordering the large portion of the nachos and sharing.Bottom line I guess is that I will return to this place. They haven't done anything that would warrant me avoiding it, but I'm not anxious to get back too soon.
4	Great beers...Boulder Nachos YUM!  Great place for The Beer for Brains Fundraiser, Thanks !!
4	After reading some other reviews my boyfriend and I decided to try this place. Went on a sunday and it was super chill and laid back. The server was very knowledgeable and super nice. Had the left  hand milk stout which was recommended to me by the server and was delicious! Would definitely recommend. Will go again!
5	I love love love boulders on broadway!!! I'm from out of town and visiting and came twice cuz I loved it so much. Food was pretty good and bartenders were awesome. Came on a tuesday.Trivia night and definitely gonna come during trivia night next time we're in town. Such a great vibe and awesome down to earth people. Love tempe and love boulders on broadway!
4	Met a buddy here for his b-day get-together. They had a decent selection of micro brews, and some good deals for happy hour on beer and some food. Their selections of beer are listed on the wall, so don't try looking for a beer menu. I had a small pizza, which was pretty decent for the price. Ranger IPA was great, and only $2 for their big one (can't remember the exact size) during happy hour. They were pretty busy, but had a lot of servers working so we were being helped every few minutes. The pub itself is a dive, so if you like dives you'll like this joint.
3	Boulders is heavily involved in a lot of community events and for that, they have my appreciation.  Their beer selection is excellent, and their food is reasonably good.  However they perpetually under-staff table servers, making for very slow service.  It is not uncommon to wait for 20 minutes for a simple drink order.  I can't speak to bar service, but eating at a table Boulders is an all-evening affair.It doesn't do a lot of loud music, but it gets crowded at times and the noise level makes it a bit excessive.  Sitting in the upper level is usually quieter.That said, it is not a bad place.  You could certainly do a good deal worse for bars in Tempe.  They have a good community of cyclists and climbers, and you can often meet interesting people.
5	Non-greasy pizza, fan-frigging-tastic beer selection, and laid back atmosphere. It's our go-to place when we don' t know where we want to go.
4	Fun trivia! Food is mediocre. Crowd was cool and there is plenty to do there (video games, darts etc..) When I'm back in Tempe visiting friends I know we'll be back. Bonus for having the misters and a great seating area outside. We met some very nice locals who were up for a good chat.
4	Love this neighborhood spot.  Great place to go to enjoy some good food (bar foods), and drinks.  They have a wide selection of beers to choose from and are very knowledgeable about them.  The staff is super friendly and attentive. My favorite menu item..."The Big Freaking Nachos", a delicious twist on nachos.  Made with fried wonton chips, crumbled Italian sausage, pepperoni slices, peppers, and melted cheese.  YUM!Don't expect anything fancy in terms of ambiance, it's a hipster hang out, very eclectic.
5	One of my favorite bars, the perfect place to drop in for a beer or stay for a couple.  Boulders has a great selection of beers on tap and my favorite part is it seems like they always have something new to try.The food is very good and if you need a big breakfast before heading out for a weekend adventure stop in for their PBR blueberry pancake.
3	We come here all the time for Team Trivia.  It's a great atmosphere for that, as there are often over 30 teams competing.The food isn't bad - it's pretty typical for bar food, for the most part.  Nothing really stands out to me though, that I'd recommend.The best part about this place is definitely their beer selection.  They've got a ton of bottles and beers on draft and are always rotating seasonal selections in.
5	Amazing beer selection, enough food choices (and more than you'd expect at a bar), and a much smaller bill than I was expecting. Thank you all for the recommendations, I'm adding my own.
4	Great place to grab a pint or bottle of beer. Their range and selection is quite impressive and is constantly changing. There are usually craft beer related events going on a couple of times a month that are truly epic. Recently I have been there for a tap takeover and a Beer for Brains event that were top notch.Thursday night is my favorite...1/2 price bottles of beer. You can really do some damage for not a lot of money on some awesome craft beer. If you live in the area, this is a perfect place to ride your bike to for some brews.There is some pretty fierce competition for team trivia on Saturday nights, but I secretly think that there are some cheating teams upstairs. No one is checking them. Maybe I'm just bitter for coming in second place, but still.
3	Great beer selection, barely edible bar food. I've had David as a server several times and he is always sure to provide excellent service. Normal looking guy with tattoos and hat. (so you can find him)The vibe is "athletic-hipster with a mustache" and the extensive micro brew selections are a testament to that. Again, I've only had a few menu items here, but I've found them to be overly greasy. GREAT hangover food, but it ends there.If you want to hang around the hipster elite, or you're an avid climber or "fixy" rider, this is heaven.
5	Great place to hang out and watch Sunday Football.  Good food selection and excellent service.
2	I have come here for football games on Sunday and my problem is that they don't have enough or for that matter any football specials on food. They have what they always have on Sunday which is all you can eat lousy pizza for $8. They need to have a football menu and another beef is that 3/4 of their appetizers are more expensive than some entrees and sandwiches. The pizza bread junk that we ordered was a dollar more than a turkey sandwich with fries. Oh and that forementioned pizza bread was horrible, literally the chef just cut up one of their junky thin crust pizza's and served it on a plate with marinara sauce. Nothing like the menu description - would have returned it, but shift change left the place devoid of servers right after 1pm football games ended. THey do have a good selection of beers, but the only sunday special is flat glasses of lite beer for $2 which was returned. Also, on this day a tree company (on sunday) was cutting trees on property producing a loud buzzing sound for about an hour. Who cuts trees on Sunday? Service is great though, but be creative with your menu because there are like 100 places that show football around here and most have specials that make the joint worth going to at least.
4	World of Beer may challenge the title of best taps in tempe, but Boulders is a great place.  Unique selection, good food and service.
4	UPDATE: I received a very friendly message from the owner of Boulders, who apologized for my previous experiences with the food, and offered a free meal with recommendations. Instead of using the free offer from the kind owner, I went back to the restaurant and ordered BOTH of the suggestions that he had: The Asian Bob burger, and the California Carver pizza.The burger was incredibly juicy and had a nice balance of sweet and savory. Two thumbs up.The pizza was a crazy amalgamation of all that is yummy: Pepperjack cheese, onion strings, pico de gallo, turkey breast. The serving size was more than adequate for a single person and the taste was great! Add these two great menu choices with the endless (and ever changing) beer selection, and Boulders on Broadway is a hit!
4	I was just thinking how long it's been since I've been to trivia on Tuesday nights and it made me sad.  I definitely need to get back into my trivia groove!Other than missing trivia, I'm seriously craving some Jamaican Jerk Wings.  YUM!!  Not to mention the delicious guac that they'll make at your table if it's not too busy.  Great bar, one of my faves.  Great servers/bartenders and fun, come-as-you-are atmosphere.  Not a typical Tempe bar which is quite refreshing.
4	Pub quiz!  This place has a fun, casual atmosphere and the food is quite good.  They have a large assortment of drinks, but tonight, I just came for trivial with some good friends. :]
5	I don't have much bad to say about Boulder's but since there isn't an ability to give a fractional star this place gets 5.  Honestly the beer selection on it's own would be enough to get 5 stars for me.  Between the rotating draft beer selection and the bottle/can list there's pretty much something for every taste.  The bar staff is knowledgeable when it comes to what they have, especially Justin, Dave, and Alex, so if you want a recommendation they won't point you in the wrong direction.The bar is fairly laid back most of the time but can get rowdy during ASU games.  It's more of a neighborhood bar than a sports bar so there aren't a ton of tv's, but they do open early on the weekends (9 or 10am) so people do come in for early morning soccer some times.  They run different specials pretty much every day of the week.I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered from their food menu.  Usually I'll go with a burger and while they are all good, for my preference I usually go for the Asian Bob with a Ceasar Salad instead of the waffle fries.  The Bombay Street Dog was at one point a summer only item which has found a permant place on the menu after appearing in Phoenix New Times article "Our 10 Favorite Spicy Dishes in Metro Phoenix" last year.If you are there for breakfast, everything I've had is good.  My recommendation would be the Chuck Norris Scramble and a Bloody Mary (it has bacon in it).
5	YES!!! and YES and YES!! too bad i don't live closer. I really love this place.They get a huge four stars off the bat because they are supporters of Pedal Craft. I love that!!Boulders has a great tap selection that fluctuates often. The food is good. Not great, but the atmosphere easily makes up for it. It is a dive that you could go to every day and even take a casual date to without feeling like you're slumming it. Dive bars = winBars that love cycling = 5 star win.I prefer this to the big brewery places closer to that community college down the road...BEAR DOWN!!
5	Fantastic beer bar near ASU. If Alex or Justin 'I don't rep him' are working, you're in luck. Great beer/food recommendations there and nearby. A new must stop when I'm in town.
5	LARGE beer selection and a delicious, eclectic menu.  Staff is friendly and knows the menu as well as the tap selection.  One of my favorite spots in the valley.  Great standing daily specials.Great for breakfast, lunch, or dinner, although if you're going for lunch on a weekday, chances are you won't be able to sample any of the beers :(
3	Beer selection was large, but not with a large variety of beer types, I had a the tough time picking, since the beer type was not listed. The calzone was respectable beer fair and a nice distraction as I watched sports.  Stop by if you are rolling on two wheels instead of four and  looking for the game and brewskies, not so worth while  for strictly a beer refill.  Review to be updated after trivia night with some friends.
1	I've been a regular customer of Boulders on Broadway for 4+ years.  Over that time, my friends and I developed relationships with the wonderful servers there, who always remembered our names, our favorite dishes, and who were always willing to recommend a great new beer from the extensive, ever changing list.In the past year or so, however, this place has gone downhill fast.  The online beer list never matches the beers on the chalkboard, so it's hard to order without checking with your server about what's ACTUALLY going to be on tap.  They also no longer have prices posted, so more than once I have been surprised by ordering a "premium" beer when no indication of this was given on the menu.  Unfortunately, in our past 3 visits, we've sat for 15-20 minutes before actually being visited by a server.  On one occasion this summer, I found a fly in my salad.  Their employee turnover has also been unreasonably high as of late...gone are those friendly servers who remembered our names and made us feel welcome.  In the past year, we've had a different server on every visit, and every time they seemed brand new (didn't know the beer list, forgetting our order, etc.).  The final straw was that in our last two visits, the servers have been not only incompetent but downright rude, even insulting people at our table to our faces.Sorry Boulders...based on our history, I've given you too many chances.  No more.
4	Wide selection of beers, many of them are on rotating taps, and delicious menu items. I usually go for Trivia Tuesday nights to compete with and against my coworkers and friends. It gets packed quickly, so make sure that you get there early to grab a seat. In addition to this, this place is really bike friendly.
5	Great beer selection, friendly servers, and the food keeps getting better and better (fancy burgers, freshly made chips, sirloin tacos, yes!). Half off bottles Thursdays and half off pizzas Mondays make this place a great regular hangout. Go here when you want to hang out with friends for a chunk of evening somewhere you can actually hear each other.
4	Have been here way too many times to count. The food is delicious and they add new things to the menu every now and then to keep it interesting. We've tried the majority of the menu and the only thing I'd pass on would be the hummus or the 'Pasta Romanitco' - they're pretty meh. The people are awesome, the servers are great (though there is more turnover lately) and there are a billion regulars that are more than happy to chat it up. The beer list is extensive, as all the other reviews mention. The list isn't always up to date and the app they created to solve this problem usually isn't either or it's not working haha. But c'mon now, finding one you like really isn't that hard. Over all, it's a pretty awesome place with some unique food choices and wide array of beer options served by awesome people.
2	Was there last Sunday with a large group.  Apparently they were phoned ahead to let them know that 50 people would be showing up to eat, drink and spend money.  After getting a beer we never saw the waitress again for 30 minutes.  At that point she took food orders for about 1/2 of the folks at my table, missing me and probably 5 others.  She disappeared again, returning 30 minutes later.  About this time I went to the bar to get another beer and the first bartender (and they weren't busy) basically turned his back on me.  The second one did serve me.  Another 30 minutes later, now tired of this, tracked down the waitress, settled my tab and walked out.Bottom line the servers were overwhelmed.  I don't think I'll be back.
4	I didn't even make it inside... that is just how wonderful the patio is. I grabbed a table near several groups of really friendly locals, artists, musicians, students, all who gathered for great burgers and even greater brews. The beer menu changes often so they even have an app for your phone that updates what's on tap here. The burger I ordered and salad my friend had were both fantastic and the ambiance outside is great if you like the local, artsy feel with friendly staff and customers.
5	Excellent choice of draft beers, IPAs and micro brews! One of my fave places!
5	Beer.....need I say more? Great variety of local and craft beer. The staff is great and fun to be around.
4	Been here two or three times and each time the bar was pretty lively. I think its a good place for college students. I heard they also have trivia there as well.
1	My boyfriend and I just wanted somewhere to eat and we didn't know this was more of a dive bar.  We don't really care for beer, so we didn't have any.  When we first got there our hostess sat us at a dirty table.  The menu was dirty as well and there was no menu for beer (which seemed to be their highlight).  Our waitress was the worst of the night.  She had no personality, was rude and didn't understand humor.  All the workers, excpet one, I believe the owner, had no energy.  They looked unhappy and really uncustomer service friendly.  There was also a gross bathroom smell near where we sat in the booth.  Well, past that our food looked good, but tasted pretty much flavorless.  It wasn't really worth the money we paid for it.  We were ignored mostly and any refill, ketchup request seemed like it was too hard of a task.  Learn the hell to smile!  We were so uncomfortable there!  Terrible terrible times more terrible!
5	Good stuff...typically go here after a Phoenix hike!!  Creative menu items at a good price.  Plenty of sports on the TVs!!
1	Word to the wise, order your burger well done here. You and your toilet will be thankful. P.S. Employees handling food should always wash their hands.That's all I am going to say.
5	Not long ago I noticed I was missing a bracelet from a set.  The set was very pricey and the bracelet itself is quite valuable.  In thinking back I realized I hadn't worn it for 3 or 4 weeks.  I remembered I had been to Boulders for lunch around that time. I knew it was a long shot but I went to Boulders and asked if they had found a bracelet.  Within minutes they brought it out to me.  I was sure I would never see it again.Not only does the place have great food and wonderful service they have honest trustworthy employees.  Now I tip very generously every single time I am in there.
2	Not a big fan of the atmosphere and also not the best place to watch the game. Food was nothing to rave about but my boyfriend did enjoy his wrap.Truthfully I felt the place was a little dirty.The service was slow but the waiters were friendly, at least most of them. I have had better!
4	Good spot for a pint. Not your usual Tempe bar. They usually have an OK selection and I've never been let down by the service. Go here and get a beer. (New motto for you guys... you're welcome)
5	Boulders is my JAM!!! Seriously though, this is our favorite neighborhood bar that happens to have amazing food. The decision to move into our current home was made purely on how close it was to long board to Boulders (longer story behind this), and we have been coming here for years now. One of the best parts about this place is their employees. There are several amazing individuals that work here and provide a wonderful customer service experience. Being a regular has its perks. You can never go wrong with a burger, hungover mans best friend, or one of the phenomenal quesadillas. I love that their menu is diverse and most everything is thoroughly enjoyable. They have great specials every day of the week and trivia night is always a blast. Do yourself a favor and stop in here for an evening beer and burger or even better, a weekend breakfast and a famous Doubleday Bloody Mary.
5	This is a great LOCAL bar! Service is AWESOME, Good food, Cold Beer, Fun times at Tuesday trivia. Go check this place out, you'll become a regular, I did!!!
4	Had lunch with The Lunch Group today. It was my first time there. Great place to eat and the inside was awesome. Go check it out
5	Awesome bar and grill! The beer app, while not always working, is a great touch. Everything I have ordered has always been excellent especially the unique hot dog dishes and the quesadilla.
4	The food here was really good, and you really need to take them seriously when they say "Big Frickin' Nachos". Those things were huge! 4 of us couldn't even put down before we got the entres. The only thing I didn't like about the place was the service time. It took a while to get drink refills and we were waiting for the check for too long.
5	This place is the epitome of your neighborhood bar.  Great place to get drunk at.  I would venture to say that this was one of the highlights of this neighborhood.  I started going here long before they even had the outdoor patio.  Yeah I knew about this place before it was cool.  Suck on that, hipsters.  Their food has improved by leaps and bounds.  I can happily eat their pizza now.  The California carver is especially good.  I wouldn't say its 5 star good but its worthy of bar food.  The 5 stars is for the atmosphere.  If you ever want some sage advice on a brew, ask the resident employee Chris Shinn.  His suggestions will not disappoint.  They are packed every Tuesday for trivia.  Be wary of the cheating redditors that play upstairs.  They don't leave their parents basement that often, therefore they don't understand that looking up the answer on your cell phone is frowned upon.  All in all this is a solid place to get a brew and some food.
4	They have an app for their on tap beer menu, and it is usually correct. This alone is cool. Add to that the bike friendly indoor parking and nice staff service and I like this place.If you are looking for a laid back local school / nieghborhood type bar this should be your spot. Large selection of craft beer and a decent menu, but I was just here for drinks.
5	I really like this place.  When I first went in a year or so ago, I was expecting a huge venue with rock climbing, so I was a bit disappointed.  However, the atmosphere there, the great service, and surprisingly good food make it worth while.  Some cool things we found out recently about this bar: 1. You can download their app to find out what the beers are that day (they have a large tap selection), which is pretty sweet. 2. You can order delivery for them through a local delivery company.Great place you should go for either just a few drinks with some friends, or for some food out on the patio
4	Perfect place to go if you are looking for a laid back, casual place to enjoy a beer and some good bar food. Came here the other day to play some team trivia and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of food. We ordered the boulder nachos as well as a chicken pizza. The boulder nachos were AMAZING, I was a bit scared of the idea of having pepperoni and sausage on my nachos but it was brilliant. The atmosphere is fun and the service was decent. They were out of the cider I wanted but my server was helpful and helping me to choose a new beverage selection. I will come back here often :).
3	Not much to look at from the outside but this place is huge. There is a wrap around eating area and a upstairs. Beer selection on the board is pretty nice. The music was very loud and we couldn't even hear ourselves order. We asked for the music to be turned down and it was...sometimes. It kept rotating from our corner then to the other side. Had a bit of a problem with our waitress. We would order then she would run off without taking all of our orders. We had a large group and most wanted something but she kept running off. Parking is a pain since this place fills up fast.
4	I've been here a few times now for tempe chamber events. They have some yummy sandwiches for lunch, got to try a couple chicken ones and a roast beef. They have an extensive selection of local beers! The upstairs area is good for small groups but a gets a little warm in the summer. downstairs is nice though with plenty of tv's.
4	they have a great beer selection and tuesday trivia rules. also, the waitress stefanie is one of the coolest people ever.having said that, i find the food a little lacking. i ordered buffalo wings and they came out completely dry. there was a little flavor, but no sauce at all on them. also, i had a waitress who wasn't stefanie this past tuesday and i felt like *maybe* she was overwhelmed, but it definitely took more time than i expected to get our food/drinks/bill.go for tuesday trivia. its my favorite trivia in the valley.
4	This place is one of the best Tap rooms in town! If you are looking for a place to go for great craft beer, amazing selection and knowledgeable staff this is the place! If you are looking for a place to watch a game or have a meal that consists of more then bar food.......go somewhere else.
4	Love the beer list. Foods good too. Its a bar folks!
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. I'd been here years ago when it was Old Chicago, and a few times after it had changed to Boulders. I always had a good time due to the company, but it's just your average hang out restaurant. I came here for trivia night on Sat and the host at the door kindly informed us that we could seat ourselves at the bar or be seated somewhere in the GIANT restaurant. There are so many nooks it's crazy. We decided to sit at the bar and quickly found a table. It was busy, lots of people there for late dinners and trivia as we found out. Our server was nice and we indulged mostly in beers, and ended the night with two HH apps as we were starting to get hungry. A funny exchange I had while wanting to order food:Me to bus boy: Hi! What's the difference between the mexican nachos and boulder nachos? (we didn't have a dinner menu)Bus boy: The chips (walks away)Me and my bf just had to laugh. Later when our server came by we found out that there is a lot more different than just the chips. I can't speak to the quality of their entrees, as we only had mozz sticks and mexican nachos, but we'll be back for trivia and beer.
2	First and last time i go into this place...  Let me say first that I have always wanted to come here just to have a sit down with friends and drinks, but it so happens my son and I walked in one day after a busy day of errands.  I did not want to cook and it was on our way home.  I was disappointed right off the bat because we sat down and I don't know what, because it was just me and my son, but no one wanted the table, (I know how it is, i used to wait tables) but we waited patiently and after about 10 minutes server came over and said he did not see us and apologized.  More than likely taking a smoke break due to he smelled like smoke.  We ordered nachos and cheese sticks, (weren't very hungy) and they were fine.  My complaint to this place would be that I went to ask if they had SunBru from Four Peaks and in Tempe you should be carrying FourPeaks anything at all times, in my opinion!  The server I asked said yes they had it and then my server came back to get my drink order. I asked and he said he would check and came back and said infact no they did not have it.  I settled for an FP 8th street Ale.  The server seemed nervous checking on us, not sure was that was about but he rarely came by, my son was never offered a refill on his drink and I was not offered another beer... seemed weird for a bar... anyway we waited about 10 minutes for the check and when we walked out after completing the transaction, no one said a word to us.  Very strange place.  I can see the neighborhood bar attraction and I wish it was different but I will not set foot in this place again.  Will stick with the ol standby, Four Peaks and never stray again!
2	Not really feeling the clientele. People at the bar are quiet and cool but others in the restaurant are dipshits. I also didn't feel much from the server.
5	Lunch is not as busy as dinner and happy hour but I kinda like a mellow lunch time. Food and staff are just as amazing as always. And to top it off they just started a lunch punch card program, buy 5 and get the 6th lunch free.
4	This was our go to bar for a while. Lots of interesting brews on tap including a few "custom" mixed including "Booty Sweat" which has an amazing fruity tang to it. For a bar the food is amazing. There nachos have pepperoni on them which now makes me feel my nachos have been lacking my entire life. Trivia night is too loud to enjoy but a fun concept. Always busy but lots of fun.
5	Rock solid beer selection. Constantly rotating and always something new. Pizzas are awesome. Guacamole made table side to your specs can't be beat. Not many bars do that. (But if its too busy for table side they should knock a couple $ off the price). Waffle fries and homemade potato chips are awesome sides. Trivia nights are crazy if that's not what you're in for. Big crowds and difficult to find parking or a table. The staff are great. Hard to find a place with a better group of people serving. There's sports on tv but no HD so if you care about that its not a great spot to watch the game. You never find an empty bar here. Any night at any hour there will always be a good crowd. And there's indoor bike parking. What else would anybody need?
2	Go for the drinks and the atmosphere, not the food.
1	Went their while my car was being fixed. Asked for what beers were on tap but was told they were on the wall, do descriptions of the beer. TV's are small. Ordered the wings off the appetizer menu and had them with buffalo-tangy sauce. Probably thee worst wings I've ever had. Sauce was awful, the wings sat in its own grease, I had to remove them from the basket to eat them. I didn't even finish them all. I'll give this place another chance for dinner.
2	Liked the ambience. Pretty typical college town pub with enough TVs to catch a game from most tables.Plenty of room and not overly crowded on a Saturday afternoon. Good beer selection, but no listing of brews on tap and too many for our waitress to remember. She recommended a seasonal brew that sounded good, and was, but 10% ABV! Print out a beer list that at least shows alcohol content, brewery, and style of beer! Ordered a pizza. Ugh mistake, $17 for a 12 inch with doughy crust and what looked and tasted like a cut up hot dog as sausage. The happy hour burger deal was excellent however and the burgers were quite good. Just having a listing of their beers would get them another star.
5	This is one of the few establishments where the best thing about the restaurant is the staff! My wifi was having issues and I needed to complete an assignment. My boyfriend came along for the ride and thank god they had Sunday football to enjoy as I worked for hours. As for working for hours they accommodated my need for an outlet and followed with great service. Order the $5 pizza special and it was a bit bland. Follow by wings with yummy sauce and finished with the apple cobbler. (Mmmhhhmm) Even though we were camping at a table and it was a bit busy we receive great service for hours.I've been wanting to stop by this place for a while now and I very much approve of this pub! Great management ! 5 stars, despite the pizza.. But the hospitality won me over.
4	We have been here many times but this was the first time for Sunday football breakfast. We lucked out with the best bar staff ever - friendly and helpful when we couldn't decide. Great selection of beer on tap and the rotating selections are phenomenal. Bloody Mary was a bit on the spicy side - but most people loved it. Breakfast was good - the sweet potato tots were crispy crunchy delicious, bacon was well... bacon. Egg dishes were cooked to perfection. Aside from the rude Bears fan near us, it was a great morning at Boulders on Broadway. Love the bike rack too!
5	Boulders has been my go-to neighborhood bar for a while (BEER LIST), but really exceeded my expectations this week, and merited a review. I recently coordinated a professional development event for the graduate students in my department. We wanted a place with good beer and food, but also that had a private room that was quiet enough that we could talk. This doesn't seem like a tall order, but Boulders was the only place we knew that had a private, quiet room. I've seen a chess club meet in there a few times.We had a large party of 15, and we were seated in the "lounge," a room off the main dining area with a booth, a large table, and a door! The room was perfect, and everyone was able to hear the professor that came to speak to us. Our server Jake took excellent care of our group, and was really respectful and deft at delivering orders, refilling waters, and getting additional rounds of beer without interrupting our speaker. He even closed the door quietly as he came and went. I felt like the staff really went above and beyond to accommodate us, and the meeting went off without a hitch thanks to their help.Thank you, Boulders! I don't think we'll ever meet on campus again. :)
5	I love this place!!!! This is my neighborhood bar! Great beer,  yoummy food, fun atmosphere, awesome staff and trivia! I love it, so much fun!!!!!
2	The food is great, but the service is lousy. Don't go here unless you have a few hours to kill waiting to be seated...or for your order to be taken...or for your check. We are locals, not college students, and this place is within walking distance from our house. We would really love to make this our regular haunt, but after several frustrating attempts to eat & drink here, we've had to find somewhere else to hang out for game night.Boulders is actually a really nice restaurant and bar with a friendly atmosphere and a fantastic craft beer selection, and the food is inexpensive and fresh and delicious, but we have had service problems soooo many times. We have been there to eat and drink and have waited for a half an hour to be greeted, and several times we have been there and our meal from beginning to end has taken 2-3 hours to complete. Twice we have been denied a table altogether because of Trivia night, and we were turned away.The wait staff seem to not use the "section system", and I surmise that the "team effort" system is that everyone is supposed to watch everyone's tables. This may work in some places, but it definitely doesn't work here. Sometimes you seat yourself, sometimes you don't. Sometimes it's marked "Seat Yourself", but sometimes it's not. So, you may find yourself standing there for a while wondering what to do while the servers walk past, especially when it's busy. You have to kinda wander around and hope you find a table somewhere. It's a bit awkward, even if you've been there a few times. On one visit, we stood at the host stand for 30 minutes waiting for someone to acknowledge us. No one did. I left a note that we had waited, but we were hungry so we were going up the street to a competing establishment. I had hoped that might alert the management that there had been a problem. It didn't...On another visit, a hostess greeted us, and we were told that it was trivia night and that we couldn't be given a table because people could pretty much stay there all night if they wanted. Instead of having a non-trivia section for regular diners, we were turned away. This happened once in the fall and again in the spring.On our next visit, the same 30 minute seating wait occurred at the host stand. The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?" until finally one of the bartenders was walking past and asked if we were picking up an take-out order. It was then that we found out we were supposed to just go sit down. It was very busy, and we got lucky that we found one table open. However, once we did, we sat at the table for another 30 minutes while no one greeted us or even took a drink order. There were tables with guests all around us, and servers were actively waiting them, but no one ever came to our table. On our way out, someone asked how everything was. We said we didn't know because we'd been there for an hour and had never even been given a menu. If you DO manage to get a table and get an order placed, make sure that you ask for everything you might need right up front when they bring your food, including anymore drinks. Table check-backs are few and far between, and if you ask for something, chances are your meal will be over before you even get it. We often have to flag someone down to bring us our check, and this is sometimes a half hour to 45 minutes after we've finished eating. This is apparently normal and occurs more often then not. We had some friends meet us there for dinner once. It was somewhat embarrassing to have to ask for a box for his wife just as her meal came because the service had been so slow that she missed her dinner opportunity before she had to leave for work.The wait staff are very friendly, the owners are great people, and the food and atmosphere is very nice, but it's kind of a pain to eat there, especially if you're hungry or have other things you want to do that night. We really wish we could eat there all the time, which is why we keep going back and trying again and again. We would be in there all the time, at least once a week, but the service continues to be too unpredictable to be able to enjoy the evening. The place does, however, have take-out, which is something that we do when we're in the mood for the food and you want to go get it and bring it back before the game starts. If you get take-out, you may not get beer and hang out, but at least you'll get food and service, plus, it's good for your wallet, since you're not spending nearly as much as you would if you dined in.
4	I love coming here for two things: big freaking nachos and beer. I've tried multiple entrees here and really nothing has been good. These include their calzones, pastas, salads, strombolis...ok their moose drool burger is A-OK I'll give them that, but most everything else-- I was left with disappointment. Well, back to the big freakin nachos.. these are the greatest thing invented. Seriously hard to explain, its got chips (that are more like a fried wonton/pizza crust) and all the best pizza toppings like cheese, pepperoni, sausage (and more) with a side of marinara. I swear this order is HUGE (probably on a Large pizza dish) and could potentially feed a large group but I could probably eat the whole thing by myself due to its tastiness. Its always crowded and parking can be a problem on trivia nights but its a cool place for some brews and big freakin nachos.
4	Great food, good service, and an excellent laid back atmosphere. It's a perfect place to get a drink or share a meal whether it be for a night cap or a random Wednesday night outing. You can just go in, seat yourself, and ask the friendly server their beer recommendations.
4	Boulders is what every low-key bar should aim to be. They have an AMAZING beer selection. The beer list changes often to reflect the season, and always includes local beers in addition to the typical staples. The happy hour deals are great (and their bar food is ACTUALLY good). But what I LOVE about Boulders is the trivia! Saturday night, the place is a madhouse, but if you get there early, it's a blast!
3	If you are looking for a standard bar to hang out with friends, you will find what you are looking for here.  Food is regular (I ate their pizza and wings), decor is blah - some areas definitely need to be updated.  In general, nothing about this place stands out to me as great or somewhere that I'd want to revisit.  But again, if you are looking for a bar to hang with friends you could do worse than here....
4	Great craft beer selection!  The staff is very knowledgeable staff on the beer selections and always friendly.Food.. not so good.  Typical soso bar food.Atmosphere ok but pretty tired and dated.Overall a relaxed bar with great beer and reasonable prices.
3	My major gripes: no printed drink menu, so you have to download an app to see the beer selection. Just go to their website though, since it seemed to offer the same options. But what happens when you don't have a smartphone?You can ask your server for their phone, but obviously you would feel bad for taking a long time to decide since they're literally "waiting" on you. They do have their drink list on a TV downstairs, but the print is so small that you have to get into another table's grill just to read it. After circumscribing through the drink menu issue, you then realize that there are no PRICES on the menu. So I hope you know which beers are expensive...since I did get a little bit of a sticker shock when the bill came. It was a busy night, and they honored 'seating yourself' at the bar. I usually don't mind this option, but I'm not sure if they had assigned servers either. We had multiple servers that came to take our orders and it was a lot more confusing than need be. All that said, love their Saturday all-day happy hour & trivia night and we'll probably be back.
5	Amazing beer selection with a great eclectic "bar food" menu.  The pear quesadilla and the hard day pizza were exquisite!  The bartender, Chris, was one of the most knowledgeable beer enthusiasts I've ever met.
2	Service is bogus!Although Boulders has a decent beer selection, they present their drawls in a difficult fashion. Who advertises their selection through a time lapse television screen?!The food was sub par at best. I find this place to be a disgrace to nachos (haha). Add chicken? Ask first. The menu price is less than is charged. I spoke to the manager (who we all thought was a server in training) after they tried to swindle us and were told "We are waiting on new menus. Next time you will be charged the full amount." Wtf? Charge the prices that you have listed on your menu or.... Well, you're a dick. The vibe of the place seems legit. I just wish they ran a good show.
1	The service was terrible. We came so close to just walking out and the food was sub par
5	Out of towner looking for a good bar...WOW! What I found was a great bar, great food, great atmosphere, great beer choices! The bartenders, Justin & Dave made my wife and I feel like we were regulars, very helpful on both food and beer choices. We definitely have found our regular go to bar for spring training...and yes, my wife and I will adopt both of you Justin & Dave again thanks! Also let me not forget to mention Ben the manager, what a great guy to work with...Ben you rock!Brian S.Monrovia CA
2	We came in at 12:30 on a Friday. The bartender, who was our server too, was pretty knowledgeable about her beers and drinks. We ordered a roast beef au jous dip, pear quesadilla and BBQ wings. The food was mediocre. The au jous was thin, the roast beef was pretty bland. The pear quesadilla was good, didn't have the oomph we were looking for. The wings were terrible. An odd flavored BBQ sauce, they weren't crispy. We didn't have a long wait for food or drinks though! That's good. And the waffle fries are great. Overall, I'd probably only come back for drinks.
4	All around great experience, great atmosphere, and great food. I had the Carver burger, solid choice, great amount of spice and a great amount of all around flavor. If you are looking for a place to get some solid bar food then this is the place for you!
4	Great atmosphere overall. One of the best burgers I've ever hard. Great to see the owner out and about talking with customers and caring about his business!
5	What a way to cap off the night! After a couple of cousins and I caught a game at Salt River. We had to pick up wifie and the girls at our daughters house. So all nine of us went searching for a place for dinner. Our first choice, who I am not going to disclosed. Is closed on Sundays, and it wasn't Chick fil A! So we ended up coming here. Now when we first walked in, we where told to sit any where we wanted. I had some doubts at first, the music they had on was some kind of meditation type. And the first item I seen on the menu was the Tree huggin Veg head! I was like, NO! Lets go! But my professional beer drink-en cousin seen the list of beers, so we decided to stay! And I was glad that we did!Food:I had their Ro Diddy Steak Sandwich, it is basically a steak sandwich with red peppers and cheese. I really enjoyed it. Meals comes with a choice of sides, I had their fries. Their fries are actually cross cut fries, just like the ones at Arby's. Meal was very good. The rest of the crew had many different items, seems like everyone enjoyed dinner.Service: As soon we walked in, they were on top of us right away. We sat, they took our drink order, and we got our food very quickly. Our waitress did seem to forget about us at the end. But no big deal, place really got busy during the evening. But throughout our meal, she took very good care of us.Yes I judged this place by their cover, and glad I was proven wrong. Since we live in the west valley, our visits will be limited. But I will make it a point, when we visit the area to come here.
3	Well so far I can't see a 4 star rating  I don't trust you any more yelpers the wait person is a non personality no eye contact drone . The beer selection is much more intriguing  than the menu and the decor is cold. I ordered the basic burger because the menu was basic old 1980s bar food (sorry) but don't feel alone that pretty much most restaurants and bars in Mesa ,Tempe,ect are boring, 3 stars for the beer selection alone
5	Great Taps. Looking for Beer above 7% they have some good double and sometimes the  triple IPA's. But for any beer enthusiast this is the low down Tap room for beer. Nothing fancy just good old college style  tap room bar with some Healthy food choices on the menu.  Real choices folks. It's what its about here. Cheers!
3	In general, I really like Boulders on Broadway.The happy hour is affordable and tasty. The selection of taps is wonderful and ever-changing - in addition they have an iPhone app so you can keep up to date on what's available.Sweet potato tots are a rare and delicious menu item. The food is a few steps above the standard bar grub. Weirdest thing - the ketchup comes out absurdly cold and sometimes chunky. Are they freezing it??DO NOT COME HERE ON TRIVIA NIGHTS. It gets surprisingly packed and the staff becomes overwhelmed. Our waitress was incredibly rude about advising someone in our group to watch out for food runners, disappeared for half the night, my group had to pay its bill with one of the bar keeps though I waited for her so I could tip her -- when she returned she had the gull to try to keep my change and ask about the group's payment. Needless to say, SHE WORKED to receive no tip that night.I'll give the place the benefit of the doubt on this one -- It's too difficult to resist a good reverse happy hour and Boulders sure has a good one.
4	I had the southwest turkey sandwich which had Turkey, sweet roasted red peppers, southwest sauce and pepper jack cheese. Topped with mixed greens and avocado....it was soooooooo good.  I couldn't eat all of it...very filling.  The waffle fries were really good, well seasoned.  Next time I will have to have a beer!
4	Been going here for years and i can still say I'm a fan.the ONE thing I don't love is that they don't have beer lists readily available at tables, because they want you to download their app. it's just an extra step that i'm not into at all. if i didn't already have the investment in boulders, it would honestly make me think twice about going there. I'm just not a fan of making that app replace lists at the tables. other than that, solid atmosphere, decent bar food. I can sincerely say that the quality of service there varies GREATLY from server to server. it seems like some really want their customers to be happy and others just sort of want to make it through the day. the bartender who i think is named Chris takes his job seriously and always has good recommendations. Also, can't say enough nice things about their waitress Stefanie. I typically try to sit in her section if I can look around and see if she's working. Everyone there is nice and pleasant, I just feel like I get better service from these two in particular. Tuesday trivia still as fun as ever. Their hot wings are also delicious, though I wish there were a little bit crispier.
5	I'm mostly a lunch customer, I still need to drink here one of these nights!! Locally owned and operated, a passion for their food and microbrews, great serving staff. I've brought so many different people to this place, from vegetarians to beer connoisseurs and everyone has been equally impressed.
1	Ordered items to go (delivery) and was not happy with what I received or the customer service. The first item - Pine Nut Blue Cheese Salad - mix of organic spinach and green leaf lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, pine nuts, blue cheese crumbles and freshly tossed with pear vinaigrette. This salad included very few vegetables other than the lettuce, the blue cheese was sparse and the vinaigrette was bottled and bland. My main course - Build Your Own 'Zone - Choose three toppings plus melted mozzarella and ricotta cheeses. I ordered a vegetarian (mushroom, artichoke, spinach) Calzone but when I went to take my first bite I got CHICKEN. I called Boulders on Broadway and they apologized and said they would send a new item. I got a call back about 15 minutes later letting me know it would be 2 hours before they could deliver my new order. It was already late so I just asked for a refund to my credit card. I was told this would take at least a month. After asking to talk to a manager I finally got a refund to my credit card the next day. Lots of $$ for an average salad that cost a delivery charge, delivery tip and fees.
5	Super amazing food and extensive beer selection! You can ride your bicycle right on inside. Friendly service. Basically this place feels like home, except better, because it never runs out of beer.
3	Calzone was great!  Service good. Place seriously needs a professional cleaning and a facelift.
3	I have been to Boulders twice, once a few years ago for trivia night (can't really judge the place, just had a beer) and for a party a couple weeks ago. The definite pro of this place was the service. They were very accommodating to our large party, even gave us our own party room without a reservation or anything. Our waiter for the party had an incredible memory and handled about 30 different orders and bills... pretty impressive. The drinks here were fine, nothing to write home about, but not bad. I got to try a few different food items, the artichoke dip, a couple of the quesadillas, and pepperoni wheel. None of the food was anything I would go back for. The best thing was the hot sauce with the southwest quesadilla. As impressed as I was with the service, I wouldn't rush back here any time soon.
4	I like this place but as stated by some previous Yelpers, the service staff is a bit... special.  The last time we were in, our server smelled of Patchouli Oil and cigarette smoke.  Not appetizing at all.  We usually get the pizza nacho things but I am dying to try the Elvis pizza one of these times.  They always have a great selection of beer on tap - a little something for everyone.
4	Half off of pizzas on Monday. They also have an app that tells you what beers they currently have on draught. Justin is an excellent bartender who can recommend a beer...or two.  They also have an excellent salmon burger.
5	Love boulders! Has a very quaint and chill vibe. They also have a TON of beers to choose from! I always try to try something new when I come here. They have great guacamole that they make fresh! Also, I really like the burgers.
4	I've come here a few times and the more I go, the more of a fan I become. They have an awesome beer selection (not that they have a bunch of taps, but the ones they have are awesome!). If you enjoy craft beer, they have something for you. Me and my girlfriend like to come here for happy hour and get an assortment of pizza-related apps and stick around for Trivia Night! This place is surprisingly big so it's great for lunch, happy hour, dinner or big group get-togethers. I'm definitely a fan! :D
5	PINE NUT BLEU CHEESE SALAD was the BEST salad I've ever had in any restaurant on any of the four continents to which I've traveled. The thinly sliced pears were in perfect harmony with the bleu cheese. The vinagrette added just the right notes of tang and sweetness. Highly recommended.
4	Just got take out here so not sure the experience as a restaurant is as a whole but the food is awesome! I got the meatball Stromboli and although the sauce was kind of weak the whole Stromboli  was delicious. And the garlic fries were awesome
2	We ordered several appetizers and I wouldn't recommend any of them - spinach dip greasy with little spinach or artichokes, pizza bites tasteless, bruschetta very odd.  Skip the appetizers I guess - maybe the main dishes were better.
5	Good service while I was here. Came with a small group. We sat in a nice quiet area where we could talk and such. Our waitress took good care of us and our drinks getting them out to us in a quick manner. Good beer, good service. Haven't tried the food, but the atmosphere is nice. The patio is nice to smoke at
5	Been searching high and low for a good meaty wings and found the best here for the value and the amount.
5	All around good bar.  Lot's of bike parking and they have a  huge out door patio. It's not covered so is nice if you want to get some sun when the weather is nice. There are misters out there for when it's hot. They have a great selection of beer and I've liked every food item I've ordered. The staff is also great.  I recently started going to team trivia. It's a lot of fun. They start promptly at 630. Punctuality is not our strong suit so our group ends up trickling in during the first few questions but still a fun time. We do not win. Couple things though I cannot forget to bring up but will not effect my rating. 1) Get that beer menu back on the chalkboard. Like seriously, it was amazingly useful. We all agree that it is a tragedy it is not there. 2) They don't have cherries.This practically made my friend cry. I do not support this.**shout out to our awesome server last week Lauren. Great food recommendations as well!
5	Great experience. Food great. Service greater. Dessert was the greatest!  Stephanie was our server and she orchestrated a wonderful evening.
5	Just had a great date night with my wife, and my brother and sister-in-law. The food was amazing. I had the Kaiser calzone, and my wife had the Moose Drool Burger (jalapeno cream cheese and fried jalapenos). As always, the food was delicious, the restaurant is fun and clean, and the atmosphere was great. Our server Marrissa is the best though, she was our first server and our preferred person ever since. She knows the menu and can help select what to eat, she is always watching for and filling low drinks, and she is kind and helpful. The food and service are outstanding. The best part about Saturday is the special on burgers and sandwiches, $6 including a side (you must sign up for their free loyalty card). We are definitely regulars and always ask for Marrissa whenever possible. We just had another fun and delicious evening!
5	Love this place! It's comfortable, the food is consistently great & the beer selection is always tasty. Jason & Matt are both awesome guys, too!
5	One of the best places to eat. Food was awesome and a reasonable price. Our sever was so sweet and attentive. I think this is our new Saturday spot.
5	Okay, this was recommended by a friend who had their holiday party catered upstairs. I was not expecting BEST WINGS EVER!!!!! It is a hipster place with TONS of seating and great burgers and wings. This is what I know of it so far. They have private room for parties, LOTS of craft brews of every sort.  Bike and car parking (unlike Four Peaks). This is not "upscale" it is very relaxed, calming and the food is the same, nothing hugely complicated but lots to choose from. Wings are standard buffalo, (see pic), we ordered some of differing heat and none were beyond medium for my taste. I like them hotter but the meat was cooked properly and they were crispy. You can also sit outside with the out of control misters.  It's good for your lungs, like a humidifier in the outdoors. I will highly recommend this place for happy hour, which is every hour.
5	One of the best and most attentive bartenders around.  Justin is the effin man.  Great selection and service.  Food is better than average.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by my lunch. The menu item I really wanted offered a whole wheat tortilla with ham, Swiss, and pear. I was just talking out loud and mentioned I was allergic to pork and the waiter suggested I use chicken instead. I did and the meal was so delicious I can't wait to make it at home. Always a great beer selection. Very friendly staff.
2	We headed here on Saturday night.  I like the concept and the food sounded tasty.  I was also excited based on the reviews.  Unfortunately, the food for our large group trickled out  slowly, and it was only mediocre.  The server was kind, but overall not a good experience.
4	We live very close to this place, and have considered it a few times just never committed until the other day. I got the groupon (pay $13, get $25) and the 5 of us went in. It was empty on a Saturday afternoon. LOTS of seating inside. From the look of the outside I was nervous it'd be kind of gross inside, but it's not. Could use some updates, but it's clean. Service was friendly, although our waitress wasn't overly knowledgable about their beer selection. You MUST get the nachos. OMG - so delicious. The chips must be deep fried so they're almost like wantons. SO good!! The pizza wasn't that great, doughy, so I'd try something different next time/wouldn't recommend that. They have waffle fries and tots to choose from! Burgers looked good, same with the sandwiches. LOTS of menu choices so you won't go hungry :-)
4	I usually come here for trivia. The food is actually really good. Typical bar food, but it tastes great. Prices are reasonable. Gluten-free options for the man. Beer selection used to be better. Substantially less cider than they had a year ago. Staff is always friendly. Hipster crowd, but they found it before it was cool so let them stay.
4	Great for small to large parties. You can have the entire upstairs area, back room or sunken dining room. Just call ahead and give them a few days notice. Dog friendly patio at all hours. Burgers and sandwiches are pretty good. Please be respectful of those trying to play bar trivia.
4	Boulders is one of my regular spots in Phoenix.I love the beer list.  There is always a good variety on the tap.  There is an app you can download to check out the selection.  They also have a full bar.The food is typical bar food.  Sandwiches, pizza, calzones, salads, burgers.  It's a-ight.  I usually just stick with their appetizers.  They overdress the hell out of their salads to the point that it's soupy.  The service is generally good in the bar area; but that's what happens when you become a barfly I guess...they're nice to the regulars.  They have a largish outdoor seating area where you can smoke.  They have a great happy hour. There is always an eclectic group of customers.  I've met some good peeps here.The  jukebox is pretty stupendous.  Televisions show the sports.  They are really into biking and have some bike nights.  They have a very popular trivia night.
4	Pleasantly surprised. I had the salmon blt and my husband had the gigantic nachos delivered. Delivery was prompt but most importantly the food was good. The salmon blt had a yummy creamy spicy pesto and the nachos were so light and crispy! We also had the apple cobbler delivered but haven't tried it yet. However it looks yummy. Will order again.3.5 - I did and it wasn't that great. The bbq mahi mani salad had what they called bbq sauce but was more like a too tangy catalina dressing. The salad had water in it probably from not draining the black beans correctly. Pretty tasteless and now I have a stomach ache.
4	I had heard about this bar from friends and decided to try it. Great list if beers on tap, some micro brews you probably won't find many other places. They had trivia going on which packed the place in a Sunday night. I ordered the Salmon BLT which tho sounds like an odd combo, it was excellent!! Would definitely go back for that again.Overall good place, priced right. Friendly bartenders and good food.
1	Been a loyal customer here for over a year, from KBS Chicken and Waffles day to the Abyss '12 they had cellared for a year. Extremely disappointed to find out they do not understand the new ARIZONA state legislature and will not accept my CALIFORNIA vertical ID. Learn the legislature guys, way to sour what was a great customer experience and relationship with you guys. Would not return even if you decided to take my ID again, pretty dumb on your guys's parts.
3	Been here a few times with friends. Most recently, we went in for NFL games and it was nice to see lots of Chicago Bears fans! Even though we lost. Surprise. :( The bar was pretty empty for the first games. Kinda boring, actually. By the time the second set of games came on there were lots more people and lots more rooting for teams. Drinks are ok. I wouldn't say they're great. Had a Malibu & pineapple to start the morning slow. Tasted mostly like pineapple and no coconut, at all. Switched to American Honey on the rocks. Expected to see the rocks glass a little more full than it was. In other words, they are not over-pouring, by any means. By the suggestion of our waiter/bartender, David, we tried the Chicken Pesto Bruschetta. It came with 4 half slices of thick toast (kind of like Texas Toast) with chicken, pesto, basil and diced tomato. The balsamic sauce was mostly on the plate surrounding the toast, instead of on it, and there were no spoons to scoop and add to the toast. We resorted to community dipping bites off the plate. We'll probably give it one more try to see if it's worth the weekly Sunday games. Not convinced quite yet.
2	So to start off, I'd like to speak only about my experience, not the quality of food or service... Wow.. It almost became funny how bad the jukebox selections were..we had 2 females wearing red bandanas and cut offs choosing axial rose and Bon jovi songs for 2 hours.. Jesus help me, then the food came., blah. Wings should be bomb where there is beer. Instead they were just coated in a very strange sweet ketchup sauce they called honey BBQ. I tried this place only because it was 11pm n still serving.. I'll eat cereal next time..
3	The food and atmosphere are great but don't expect to find anything worth eating for less than $10-12. You can get comparable food for much less elsewhere. That said, their draft lineup is impressive and reasonably priced. They also offer hard cider on tap which is a cool plus if you don't like beer or cannot eat gluten. Essentially, come to this place for drinks but eat before you arrive.
5	Okay, okay...so, we went back, and we were convinced. A couple friends and I were looking for a place to watch Sunday football, and we came here for the first games of the season. It was a quiet morning, but probably just because it was the first game. It has definitely picked up since then.Justin, the Manager, was kind enough to lure us back with an offer to try the California Carver pizza. Hooked! ! Comes with a spicy southwest sauce, turkey, pepper jack & mozzarella, then topped with pico, avocado & crisp onion strings. You won't be sorry you tried it. We went back the following week and ordered the same thing!We've gone back a couple times now and it feels like we're visiting with old friends when we come in. Justin, the bartender, is a riot and knows how to keep his customers smiling even when he's got a full bar - plus it helps he's also rooting for DaBears! The service really has been excellent, everyone is on top of things and makes sure we have everything we need. They probably don't remember this, but I also hosted a dinner for my Meetup group in the private room upstairs a few months ago, and we had great service then too. I was just so busy entertaining, that I didn't get a chance to really talk to the staff that night...but we'll probably host another event here soon!Thanks Justin1 for convincing us we needed to come back, and Justin2 for making it fun to stay. See you for the next Bears game! ;)
1	This place doesn't open on time so I can't give it much of a review . I was really excited to try it but got tired of waiting .
4	My hubby and I really love trying new beers here.  The list is always quite extensive and the employees are always really knowledgeable about the draft offerings.  The food is the type of bar food that you would expect.  It's pretty good, but I always feel a tiny bit less satisfied than I should compared to the cost of the meal.
5	Hands down my favorite bar in Arizona. The food is good and the beer selection keeps me coming back as much as possible. If you haven't been here you owe it to yourself to visit.
5	I love coming here for my lunch break they get my food out quickly and the staff is very friendly!!#
4	Their food is good, the people are friendly, the beer list is awesome. Seriously, this place may be Hipster Central but the food is great and the craft beer selection (which explains the hipsters) is out of this world. The atmosphere is somewhere between hip and sports bar, it's weird but it works. The place is a neighborhood staple and a haven for those who are "too cool" for mill (or not a 21 year old, either or). I'd get the wings if I were you.     Bust out the American Spirits, grab some flannel, grow a beard, and order a nice tall craft beer and this place feels like home.
5	Always Sunny on TV several delicious beers on tap and they have a pizza called "The Chuck Norris" and its all the animal toppings!
5	How is it I never have written a review for this bar? I've been frequenting this place for, what, almost 8 years now since it changed over from Old Chicago? Has it really been that long? Well, now I feel old. Anyways, Boulders has one of the best curated beer selections in the state, and it is staffed by some of the best bartenders in the country. The pizza recipes are solid, the California Carver is the go-to pie, but the signature hotdog selection will always hold a special place in my heart. "Hungover Man's Best Friend" lives up to the name. Sweet potato tots...sooo good...Try the bloody mary or mi-monkey if it's still early, or choose a tap at random. You can't go wrong.
3	If you love amazing music, come out to Boulders On Broadway.  They love their music so loud, they'll crank the speakers to ELEVEN!Why I loved Boulders On Broadway before Upstairs Comedy:-Delicious hamburgers-Plenty of different beers on tap-A fine selection of games-Cool atmosphere-Friendly bartendersYou can finish reading if you don't care to read about how Boulders missed out on a big opportunity to be a great place for stand-up comedy.When I was here back in May, this was a cool place to hang out with friends.  We played Jenga, drank, ate food, drank, watched sports, drank, and did some more drinking.  I had a good time.  Later that month, I started doing stand-up comedy on May 28th.  Two months later, comedy consumed me.  I caught the comedy bug and I wanted to get better, but there weren't enough true open-mic nights to work out new material where you can just go sign up and get on stage.  When I first heard Boulders was going to let us riff upstairs, I thought it was a dream come true.  To perform at Boulders, you didn't have to book yourself to get on the show, nor did you have to sacrifice your time to be one of the first ten people to show up or you didn't get to do comedy.  It was an open mic at its purest form.  And it was worth the thirty minute drive to get there too.When we first started this, we were welcomed with arms wide opened.  The staff were very nice to us for providing waters for everyone and were very accommodating.  There are a few degenerates in our social circle, but that goes with any group of people.  That's no reason to treat us with less hospitality...like blaring music to accommodate only three people hanging out downstairs on a Sunday night, when there are more people trying to get better at comedy upstairs.  By drowning us out with your music and making our show less enjoyable, the show in general drew fewer audience members.  It was progressively getting less and less of a credible open mic night and more of a colossal waste of time.  I understand you don't like it when broke comedians are thrifty in withhold from spending money on your food and beverages, but most of us were at least trying to scrape out our piggy bank savings for food and alcohol to keep you fire-breathing dragons happy for us giving back to Boulders.  But that just wasn't enough to keep you from playing music on full-blast with your passive aggression towards our craft.  This is like writing a letter to an unrequited love and it is bringing tears to my eyes writing this.  We really wanted this to work, but this was a failed experiment on both ends.  I hope one day we can do a comedy show here again for old times sake, and I hope I can forget about this so I can return to the good old days at Boulders.Thank you for the good times and I can't recommend this place enough to music lovers.
4	Came here late one night after an event in Phoenix, to have a few drinks and snacks.  The nachos on the won ton chips are delightful and very different then anything I've ever had.  I absolutely loved them!
3	Had to run to store to get tonic water...meh.
4	Pretty solid place that a lot of people frequent. It has a cool vibe to it and it caters to the biking community. There's a bike co-op across the street and even indoor bike racks. I came here with a group for Trivia Night and had a fun time playing with them while enjoying Happy Hour beers and sharing appetizers. I'm a huge fan of stouts, so I was glad to see more than just 1 or 2 stouts on tap; I opted for the Boulders Chocolate Shake stout and was very pleased! We got a plate of nachos, french fries, jalapeno poppers, and something called Italian Nachos. Essentially, they were pita-like chips served with pizza toppings and red sauce. They were interesting and tasted good, but I can't say that I would get them again. To each their own! Overall, it was a nice and laid-back environment for catching up with friends.
4	Great atmosphere and a great beer list.  Friendly and knowledgeable staff.  Definitely worth a visit if you have never been.
5	This place is pretty awesome for lunch. We ordered a pizza, and a few beers. The have over 20+ on tap.  The press was much better than i thought the beer was great, the service is commendable, the actual restaurant/bar is clean and well maintained as well as the dining area.It shows was pleasant, polite, suggested a really good bet, and want over bearing.Overall i plan to come back here again, and would recommend this place any day.
4	Ok, I come to PHX once or twice a year on business.  I LOVE THIS BAR. Pizza (kaiser) burgers (moose drool), and just super nice people. As for the beer, I have found my two new favorites. "I drink Ambers" 90 Shillings and FW DBA.. Stay Classy Phoenix!
4	I love the pizza at this place and the giant salads with blue cheese dressing. This really is one of my favorite lunch spots to go with my co-workers. They are friendly and the service fast.
4	This place is great to grab a bite to eat hang out and relax. The inside is pretty interesting brick floors and interior. The food is good as well. I have been here about 5 times now and they have never did me wrong. It's a great place for a big party or simply going to grab a bite to eat by yourself. You can even order ahead.. :-0
4	Good service, good food, good beer, good sports bar.
5	This place is always so dang good. Such great specials, delicious food and awesome beer!! Here quite often and it always impresses me. The music doesn't really fit but that's okay, the food, people and beer.. Make up for it! Get on down here and get the moose drool burger and spicy hot pickles! Yum
4	Great beer selection and the burgers are tasty.  Very different selection vs your typical bar burgers.Nice work
3	Went there this weekend with my best friend. the waiter we had wasn't the best. He was really friendly towards is and didn't seem like he wanted us there. It was always in a rush and took about 15 minutes to give us our bill. Going to valet people took about 15 minutes again our car and got a car mixed up. So what was supposed to be about an hour took about two hours. Food was great though and this was a rare situation usually this does not happen.
4	Whenever my wife and I are downtown Chicago we always go out to brunch at the Grand Lux. The entire experience is always wonderful. We always enjoy good service and great food. The only down side to Grand Lux Cafe is that it can be extremely busy. You can attempt to have your hotel concierge call ahead but often times they can't do much to help you out. It's always busy on Sundays. If you can get there around 10:30am it seems to help get in before the big rush that comes later.
2	Thoroughly disappointing. First time here. Uninterested and boring staff. Came to watch football playoffs and there was barely any volume so I was able to hear the table behind me chew their food. Seemed like a lot of regulars. Good beers on tap was the only redeeming factor I could find. I ordered the "Tangy Buffalo" style of their "Best Wings" it came out and I had to send them back because I didn't think there was anything on them except for a pool of grease under them. When they came back they were just a little more doused in greased "sauce" than the last but just as flavorless. The waitress did not not seem to care in the least. These were worse than Hooters mild sauce. They need to shape up but because of the good draft lineup I may give them a second chance.
5	Pizza! Hamburgers and other delicious food in a good atmosphere! Just great!
