2	Is your name Onita? No?Do you like wicker chairs?No?Do you like fake ivy?No?Then you really shouldn't go to the Quilted Bear. It smells like old people. Honestly, I can't even remember what I got. Maybe a chicken salad sandwich. I was so overwhelmed by the 70+ average age, the wicker chairs and fake dusty ivy everywhere that I couldn't hardly stand it.
4	It's really not as bad as the other reviewer stated. Granted there is a certain Geritol feel to it, but 70 in fact is not that old. Specially when you're fast approaching 50. There are a lot more exciting places to eat within a few blocks, but I'm old, and I like restaurants that serve good tasting food. Not foo-foo food. You know, Gorgonzola Cheese Quesadillas with Tuna Tartar. Give me a burger or a Pastrami Sandwich (with only pickles and mustard) any day of the week over the foo-foo crap. And Quilted Bear does. Good soups, good sandwiches, and a decent salad bar. A nice quiet place to have a nice lunch.
1	UPDATE: 08/26/2009 - It is now being reported that this restaurant has officially closed, permanently. This used to be a great place fore breakfast or lunch in Scottsdale. They had a manager (Robert) who was omnipresent, looking after everything. When they let him go, the place started to rot - literally. The carpets were worn and dirty, the chairs were grimy and then the County Health Department began writing them up for repeat critical violations like leaving cooked sausage out overnight in food prep areas (be my guest and look it up). Food quality began to suffer as recipes and ingredients were changed. Cheese sauce which used to be made there was coming out of a can. Portions shrank as prices increased. The crowd dwindled. On my most recent visit, the restaurant was closed with a sign by the door saying "Closed for the summer". This place has never closed in the summer. I think it may simply be gone now, never to reopen and that's probably a good idea. With all of the health dept. write-ups for broken and cracked seals on things, refrigerators not working, dangerous food handling techniques, it seems the owners have been riding it out and not it's just over. Probably a good thing.
1	Bears living in the zoo eat fresher and higher quality food than this. I was saddened at how horrific this geriatric hot spot was, and I'm definitely not surprised that this place is now closed. Unfortunately I made the decision to try this place out. I have no idea why. My friend ordered a sandwich. That's pretty much all there is to say about it. He ordered a sandwich, ate it, and he immediately regretted it. I made the poor choice to select the unimpressive and soggy chicken alfredo pasta. It looked as though it had come from a can, a freshly opened can nonetheless, hence the one star. I couldn't eat it without the gag reflex setting in. The interior made me feel strange and awkward with wooden bear figurines, bad seating, fake foliage, doily tablecloths and hanging needlepoint pictures.Well Quilted Bear, if anything, you left a strong impression in my mind as well as some comic relief every now and then when I drive by your outdated sign--still wondering what heck possessed me to walk though those disgusting doors. RIP, Quilted Bear.
