5	Yummy!!!! I used to live down the street from this pizza joint! It is one of the best pizza places I have been to on the west coast! The pizza melts in your mouth!! They use all fresh and quality goods on their pies. The bread sticks are as good as it gets. Whenever I come back to the Phx area I make sure Streets of New York is on my to do list!
1	RUDE! RUDE! RUDE!  I had a poor experience there and called the owner of my experience.  I kindly explained my situation at his restaurant.  I never got an apology, I'm sorry, nothing!!!  I work for a five diamond restaurant and have never been treated so poorly, ever!  Please do not support places that treat their customers like this.
1	Rude, worst experience ever.Similar to another reviewers experience, we ordered and waited 1.5 hours after the promised delivery time before we saw our food.  The manager promised that he wouldn't charge us for our food, but my card was still charged.  Rude, and a liar.When the food arrived, the driver was upset when I decided not to tip him.  The food was cold, and inedible. This location will never get our business again.
3	As a chain pizzeria, the quality you expect at this Streets of New York should be the same as every other location. However, from my experiences, I hope that isn't the case.There's a decent selection of food here - appetizers, pizza, pasta, wings, sandwiches, desserts, and a beer and wine menu. Prices are alright, and there are lunch specials for those wanting to save a little money.Service here is VERY inconsistent. I've only been served bread two out of five times. Of the three, we asked for bread as every other table got it. Our waitress said yes, and she asked us if we still wanted our bread, AFTER our pizza appetizers, OVER AN HOUR later.Another instance, service was great on a busy weekday lunch. Bread was brought without asking, and she constantly came back to for refills (we didn't get any last time!). Interestingly enough, this is the same server.Perhaps the place is understaffed, but it doesn't seem that big to me. Because this place cannot even give me a consistent view of its quality, I haven't come back in almost a year.
3	I have seen several cheesy coupons from this place.  These didn't really atract me , they kind of sent me away.  I live right by this place.  I have now for 6 months.  I have looked at it as I drive past but I always think of the coupons.I had an errand to run during lunch in the shopping center where this place is at.My friend sugested we eat there.  Long story short.  I had 2 slices for lunch that were great.  I dripped the grease and folded it up and ate it like I was on a street in NYCThey gave us garlic knots to much on too that were addictive.I will go back
2	How difficult is it to make a decent pizza? Not too tough. Alas, this joint has gone downhill and we won't be returning. They used to have a deal where you'd get the antipasta salad with a medium pizza for about 20 bucks, drinks not included. They changed their menu, and we went ahead and ordered that same thing... with drinks, 36 bucks total! Not worth the 20 it was before. The pizza was very dry, not enough sauce, and we even ordered it with extra cheeses, and it was pretty lame. Salad was OK, service was great, but, to me, a 36 dollar lunch should be a gourmet experience!
2	My coworkers and I have been at this venue several times but somehow a change of staff has taken place recently.  With this change, we had the worst service ever.  First, the server took forever to take our order.  Finally she took our drink order and after she brought it over, we asked for straws and artificial sweetener.  She never came back and finally one of us got up to get it and she was clueless and didn't care.  Then she took our order, made recommendations but she served this first.  They were wings, and it was cold and not as tasty as expected.  Our food took 45 minutes to arrive, (pizza and green salad), she messed up on the pizza.  Prior to serving, she forgot our orders, had to ask again what we ordered (perhaps if she wrote the orders down??).  She had an attitude and had this "I Don't Care" look.  Needless to say, we have not been back to Streets of New York because the service was awful, server was rude rude rude...
4	Dropped in for a lunch one day and decided to order a #1 Sandwich (Ham, Salami, Provolone, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Onions, Dressing) w/Pasta Salad and a Coors Light.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tpGr6-jVv_dFSnDGcVL3rw?select=gI5V2uJFJoVdCc6CMlojqAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tpGr6-jVv_dFSnDGcVL3rw?select=MyzQ7VsZ8W4vxMXJxyyERwoUB0n2Jl76BxGXDUpj3BgQSince I was dining alone, I sat at the counter.  The food was prepared pretty fast.  I only had a few sips of my Beer before the waitress came out with the Sandwich.  I took one bite and instantly became a fan.  The Bread is soft and crunchy....the crunch comes from the toaster.  The Sandwich is served hot from a toaster....which makes the flavor of the Meats come out.  The only complaint I have about the Sandwich is that the Dressing makes the Bread too soggy....if you don't eat it fast, it will fall apart on you.The Pasta Salad is OK....too much Cheese and Dressing on it...I would have preferred it with a little less.Overall, it was a nice lunch experience.Return Factor - 84%
3	Worst Cobb Salad EVER-Could have made a better one myself.
3	I've never had the pizza from SNY and probably won't, i'm just not that interested. Their spinach salads are pretty good. They did mess my order up by giving me greek salad dressing, instead of warm bacon salad dressing. I ordered the salad primarily for the WARM BACON salad dressing. We ordered pick up and didn't find out about the mistake until it was too late. The salad was still fresh.  Hmm, maybe I should've gotten the pizza. Today the staff was friendly, but I have experienced the rudeness some of the other reviewers mentioned.
5	Noticed no one has reviewed in a while...it you had a bad experience, you should go back. My friends and I had just arrived in Scottsdale and were HUNGRY for something near our condo. This place fit the bill. The sandwich was yummy, the fries hot and crisp, and the margharita pizza delicious (altho they DID forget to add our jalapenos).The BEST THING, tho, was the waitress, Denise! What an absolute doll! She gave us all kind of tips about where to go and what to do during our girls weekend. Thank you, Denise, for taking us "off the beaten" tourist track! This was a great way to start a fantastic weekend.
2	Good food, but don't go there for Happy Hour! All of the prices online are NOT the actual prices.  They have ALL gone up and they didn't honor the price.  We went there for a good deal but left paying almost the same price as a regular meal that wasn't happy hour!
1	This location is really is poor! If you enjoy your car being dinged because of narrow parking spaces, please visit this store, happened twice to me and my family.Very rude staff, always feel they are hung over from the previous night and hate being there and waiting on their customers. I have always loved their pizzas since 1984, but I strongly suggest you visit another location. This one deserves to crash and burn. Bottom line poor management!
3	I have had numerous company lunches from here and finally decided to order delivery for dinner. Their menu online is extensive and there are quite a few different versions (some old and some new). When I called to place my order, I asked if the item I wanted was available and the woman taking my order confirmed it was. Happy, I placed an order for a veggie pesto pizza with mushrooms, artichokes, and tomatoes. I also ordered the beer battered combo - this included some deep fried onion rings, mozzarella sticks, and zucchini sticks. I was told my order would be delivered in 45 minutes. I wasn't keeping track of time, but it did arrive on time or earlier and was piping hot. The pizza itself was delicious. The beer battered items were good but not the best. (They were still crispy but I've had better.) My husband enjoyed both and if the craving strikes, we'll probably order from here again.
1	This may be the worst Pizza I have ever had. The salads look like they are the same quality as Mc Donald's pre packed in plastic in a refrigerator case. Service is SLOW and this is really just another junky pizza place with marketing that is far better than the place it's self. Go to Grimaldi's or Humble Pie instead. Even papa Johns is better.
5	I've been going to this place for years! Very friendly staff, place seems to be managed well as it is very clean and everyone here greats you with a smile. The food is great. Love the #7 Best Of Everything!
5	As usual I ate at the Pima and Frank Lloyd Wright location with my kids. The server was attentive and polite as usual. We got a large pizza and the crust was cooked to perfection. We also enjoyed an order of the baked wings the restaurant seemed to be very clean. We will be back.
4	We loved their artichoke dip, it was creamy and delicious. I didn't try the pizza...which is a bit odd of my since this is a pizza place, but I filled up on garlic bread and spinach dip....my boyfriend liked it though. Their salads are good also. Will definitely come back, or even better, get delivery :)
5	I wrote a review about 6 months ago and wasn't happy with the food. I just went back to give it another try since it's so close to home and WOW I must of been there on a bad night before because the food was great! They must of made some changes or something. I be back for sure!
4	I love the location on Shea and 92nd.  The manager is wonderful and the food consistent. They handle our last minute large groups very well.
3	I stopped in for lunch one day before heading back to work. I have seen this place around but never stopped in to try. I had a lunch special which was just 2 slices of pizza. My server was very friendly and checked up on me every once in awhile. The bread they brought out before the meal was a little stale, but I did enjoy the pizza. I've heard good things so I'd probably give them another try.
4	Great little spot in the Target / Ross shopping plaza area. This location is kinda tucked between several other larger spots, so it can be easy to overlook, but it's worth a stop in if you enjoy Italian eats.Headed here with a co-worker for a lunch time visit. They have a lunch specials menu that offers a little bit smaller portions for a lunch price. We both opted to make our own pasta. I had the spaghetti with meat sauce. Bread was brought out in a basket to snack on while we waited for our food. It was a tasty starter.The spaghetti came out in a smaller lunch sized bowl, but it was more than enough for a lunch time meal. The waitress checked back in on us regularly and kept the drinks filled.Overall: AGreat lunch stop off and tasty food!
4	We went here for lunch during my wife lunch break last week.  She had been before, but it was my first time.  From the outside this place looks pretty small, but when you go in it extends fairly deeply and has mirrored walls, so it's actually quite roomy.  There is a bar up front, and a fair amount of booths and regular tables.  The place is clean, and everything from the decor down to most of the people eating there makes you feel as if you may actually be in NYC.My wife ordered the spaghetti with meat sauce, and I tried the baked ziti since it was on the lunch special.  They brought us out some breadsticks and marinara dipping sauce.  The bread was hot out of the oven, fresh, and soft.  The marinara was warmed as well.  Very good.The ziti is gargantuan.  It comes out heaping on the plate, loaded with sauce, italian sausage, and mushrooms, and is topped with a layer of melted mozzarella cheese.  I'm not generally a fan of mushrooms, but most of them were diced small enough not to matter, and the others were easy enough to pick out or around.  The ziti noodles were prepared well and not hard like you sometimes get with baked pasta dishes.  In all, one of the best ziti dishes I've had.  I would definitely recommend it.  I also tried a bit of my wife's spaghetti and meat sauce.  They use the larger traditional spaghetti rather than the spaghettini most places use.  It was cooked well, and the meat sauce was flavorful.  It was good, but not the best I've had.Overall, it was a good experience and I'd like to go back and try more of their menu items.
3	Good food but SLOW.I come in here semi often to get lunch because it's by my work and sometimes I crave a good slice. Even when there is only one other person it takes about 20-25 mins to get 2 slices and this is a consistent wait. But.. There pizza is good the sauce isn't too rich and just the right amount of cheese. There crust is normal sized and it's great crisp but soft in the middle. The pizza is 8/10! The staff is friendly and pretty attentive.  And the atmosphere is nice it's low light with bold colors. Pretty good food but it's pricey and takes forever.
5	I have been coming to this location for over four years now, and I live way out in the North Valley, it's worth the drive!!! Located between the Albertsons and Target shopping center, it's easy to miss, but definitely worth the visit! I enjoy the phenomenal service from the staff and upbeat energy. The store is always tidy and decorated with eye catching items along the walls.  Since I have been visiting this location for so long, I can happily say that I've had one of everything on the menu. EVERYTHING is always made to perfection, the famous Best of Everything sub is something to stop in and try! Fresh food prepared and ready in no time! At times when the restaurant is quite packed, I can see that the servers do they're absolute best to be attentive to all tables at all times. The complimentary bread that is given before the meals are just one of the many things I look forward to when I dine in and eat! All servers are very sweet and kind and do their best to make sure that their tables are happy! Will be continuing my visits for lunch and dinner!
1	Do NOT eat here! The food is okay, but the customer service and delivery are HORRIBLE! I ordered at 7:00 P.M. and got my dinner at 8:49 P.M. and then was lied to that they "tried" to call me. There was no apology, no service, just excuses! On a Tuesday? seriously! The food went in the trash, as I had already eaten at that point! BUYER BEWARE! These people need customer service training! I hope they read "Knock your socks off service!"
4	People are right when they say Streets of New York is slow, but it is fresh, so what can you expect. I found this gem on a lunch break one day (don't go on an hour lunch, you may run out of time). The wings are delicious. Since I moved to Scottsdale, they have to be the best wings I have had. The pizza is good as well, I haven't found a favorite yet.
5	BEST HOT HONEY BONELESS WINGS AROUND! I moved from Philly to AZ about a year ago and I've tried so many different wings in the valley and it always ended with utter disappointment.  That was until I tried the Streets of New York! Holy Hannah this place knocks it out of the ball park.  If you love hot honey wings you have to go here.  DELICIOUS! Andrew the manager is a stand up guy....very professional and extremely friendly!
1	Visiting Scottsdale, ordered two pizzas that cost $48... Worst friggin pizza my family and I have had. It took them an hour and a half to deliver. My mother in law called and they only took off $8 as an apology, the guy on the phone didn't even know where the delivery guy was. Poor service, poor food. Waste of money.
3	I like this place for lunch, especially to walk away from work for a bit.It's quiet and the waitress is sexy ...
