5	I love buying FAIR TRADE, ORGANIC, and LOCAL. This super cute coffee and tea house has all three! My mom lives only a few blocks from Tuvalu. Lucky!! I have driven by many times and wanted to check it out. So when my brother suggested lunch before my drive back to "the big city", I suggested this spot.Wouldn't you know...I was the hero once again. *proud beaming smile*  We walked into the spacious digs and immediately began roaming the plethora of handmade goods lining the store. Blown glass, brooms, framed and unframed artwork, tons of jewelry, bowls, kids woven sweaters, vases, honey, hot chocolate powder and the list goes on... It's awesome and they are all fair trade and local. Yippee!Oh yeah..and the food was good too. I had a grilled cheese (cheddar)panini (on cracked wheat bread) which came with tomato plus I added turkey and avacado. It was only $7.25 and SO melty good. Really. The best sandwich I have had in a while. I paired my sandwich with their organic blueberry tea which was enticing everyone at my table with its fruity aroma. All of my family members enjoyed their selections. Not a bite left on the plates! The women behind the counter were BUSY, but managed to remain friendly and kind. Love that! PLEASE COME CHECK OUT TUVALU COFFEEHOUSE. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.
4	Tuvalu sells bulk Just Coffee beans and for this fact alone I'm a regular here.  This place has an excellent vibe to it like any great coffeehouse should.  I generally don't have time to get my coffee to stay, so I've not really had the chance to spend some time relaxing at a table or out on the porch - too bad on my part.  My usual routine is to walk in, grab a couple pounds of bulk beans, then fill up my traveler and get my punchcard stamped and pay.  On a good day I'm in and out within ten minutes.  In addition to coffee and bulk beans there's a small pastry case that has pre-wrapped items that can be either prepared there or taken with.  The breakfast burritos are pretty good, but my favorite is the spinach-stuffed croissant.  In addition to the usual coffee card (buy 10 get 1) they offer a bulk card - buy 5 lbs. and get a half pound free.  Parking can sometimes be a bit of a concern - yesterday I ended up circling the block searching for a spot.  It's located just up from Miller's and there aren't a ton of parking stalls in the lot, but during the summer the bike racks seem to be always full so keep that in mind if you're local.  Given the fact there was no parking I shouldn't have been surprised to see a long line of customers upon entering.  I don't generally order special coffee drinks but I do believe the baristas at Tuvalu may not be the quickest at turning around orders.  This doesn't usually concern me, but I did get stuck in line for the better part of fifteen minutes yesterday.Aside from the coffee-related offerings I've found a good number of last-minute gifts at Tuvalu.  They've got a decent assortment of glass and pottery items crafted by local and international artists.  I've gotten a few really great presents just on a whim, including a set of hand-blown glass coasters and a tea set.  There's always FTO chocolate bars as well, just waiting for an impulse buy.  I also get pure Wisconsin maple syrup from Cazenovia, which even comes in a mapleleaf-shaped bottle - it's one of my father's favorite things and tastes especially good on buckwheat pancakes.  I've never gone here for lunch as I'm usually passing through Verona on my way down to my parents' place, but the sandwich specials advertised on the board by the counter have always looked pretty good.  Some day I'm sure I'll find out for certain, but until then I'll keep coming back for the excellent coffee.
4	This is really a very nice coffee shop.  There is a gift shop and some unique coffee selections.   I haven't always had the best cup of joe here though so I have to drop it to 4 stars.Up one star for their support of the protest at the State Capitol.  Thanks Tuvalu!!  You have my business.
5	Awesome coffee shop and cafe. Nicest staff and delicious food. Wow - definitely worth a stop every time you are in Verona.
1	Wow, reading the other reviews here, I can't understand how I had such a horrible experience at Tuvalu. It almost makes me want to give them another shot. Almost, because the place was so obviously mismanaged resulting is such abysmal value and customer service that I can't imagine ever leaving another dollar there. We were really expecting a decent lunch after reading reviews, checking out the menu online, and walking in to see such a nice, welcoming space. It was about 1:30 on a beautiful sunday afternoon. It seemed like everything was in our favor. Right until we started ordering. The first thing I tried to order they couldn't make because they'd run out of tabouleh. Okay, places run out of things, no sweat. While I was re-deciding, I heard the clerk tell another customer they were out of tuna. I settled on the Tuvalu salad, at which point the clerk yelled over her shoulder, "Hey, do we have enough greens to make a salad?" After considering a head of leaf lettuce in a grocery store bag, they decided that yes, they could make me a salad.  We also ordered iced tea, which they were out of, and told us it would be 10 minutes for them to make more. We decided that would be fine. We felt bad for them. So, we took our seats at a table, perused the gift shop area, which seemed to have nice things, and waited. And waited, and waited. There seemed to be an insane amount of activity going on in the kitchen area considering that there were about 5 people in the whole place and zero food coming out. Eventually our drinks came. About 15 minutes after that, we finally got our sandwich and salad, which were quite frankly pathetic. First, I could have prepared these things in about 90 seconds in my home kitchen. The salad wasn't even tossed! It was, for $8, a small plate of green leaf lettuce (not what I think of when I read "organic greens" on a menu), 4 giant unpeeled cucumber slices, a few slices of feta, and a pile of sunflower seeds and dried cranberries. On the side was a plastic cup of some kind of creamy dressing from a bottle that was certainly not the advertised balsamic vinegarette. My husband's sandwich was basically as advertised, besides missing the tomato that was supposed to be on it. Maybe they were out of tomatoes too and didn't feel like admitting that THEY JUST WEREN'T PREPARED TO MAKE FOOD THAT DAY. It came with a pile of lettuce similar to mine with the same silly dressing. We grimly ate and got out of there as fast as we could. What a waste. Whoever runs this place clearly has no idea what they're doing. They were out of everything and it took so long to prepare our food that there can't have been any prep work done ahead of time. I hate to see  small business fail, but I just can't see clear to tell anyone to spend money here. $25 for essentially a side salad, a grilled cheese sandwich, and 2 iced teas. Ugh.
2	Great vibe and atmosphere, locally owned/operated, uses fair trade and (in most cases) organic ingredients - all wins.However... as Julia noted, the service has dropped quite a bit as of late.  I was in this morning to purchase a single cup of coffee to go.  The person behind the counter didn't acknowledge my entry (there were 2 people in the place), and I honestly waited more than 10 minutes for her to complete everything else she was doing before she asked what she could get for me... 10 minutes may not seem like a long time, but when you swing-in while on your way to work, those ten minutes seem like an eternity.  Especially when it's for a $2 cup of to-go coffee... she could've rang-me-up and handed me a cup in a minute or less.  And, the cookies have gone downhill big time - hard and crispy rather than soft and chewy... ick.  Not sure if I'll be back - I can buy a whole pound of Just Coffee from Willy Street for $8, and if I have to wait 10 minutes for a single cup, I can spend that time brewing it at home just as easily...Sorry, Tuvalu - it's "toot-a-loo" for me.  Best wishes.
4	We just stopped in on a cold, but sunny morning, on our bicycles to warm up with a latte and muffin. Hadn't read the previous reviews, but our experience was good. The lattes were good and served promptly, and the pumpkin muffin was excellent. I will go back again.
1	My Wife and I stopped in Sunday around noon for a cup of coffee, The lady working in the kitchen area looked up from her tasks and didn't say anything.  We waited another 5 minutes before the waitress greeted us and referred us to the menu. We waited another 5 minutes for her to finish gabbing with a regular and decided to leave. While we were waiting the 10 minutes I noticed the lady in the Kitchen wearing a tank top was sweating and wipped her brow with her hand, then proceeded to finish that customers order... Gross! This is the second bad visit we've had in a row at Tuvalu and we won't have our time wasted there again.
3	Tuvalu is just ok. The positive: cool vibe, small child's play area, local artwork, live music.The negative: Service is a bit off sometimes, food is good but not excellent.
4	I have stopped in several times in the mornings and for lunch.Last time in we tried their new breakfast burritos which were generously sized, eggs, potatoes and bacon.  Friends had the oatmeal which came with extra toppings.Lunch is always good, excellent sandwiches and soup.  You won't leave feeling hungry.The coffee has never disappointed me.
4	I stopped by recently and had a great experience! Iced mocha with dark chocolate and soy milk was YUMMM. Got the boyfriend an iced coffee which he liked too.Tuvalu has a really nice, chill vibe to it. Service was good, the decor is pleasant, and the place very spacious. I truly enjoyed my afternoon there. Great place to just hang out with friends, do some work, bring the kids or simply get good coffee/tea/even art&crafts.
2	I have stopped by Tuvalu once or twice now after work in Verona.  I want to support local and am a supporter of Just Coffee.  Although I was impressed by the small-town cafe's emphasis on Fair Trade and Local offerings, I was really put-off by the same barista (who I am pretty sure is the owner!) each time.  Didn't acknowledge me walking in the door.  Didn't even look at me while taking my order - wasn't even sure she was talking to me.  Didn't say thank you, didn't smile.  Another woman (older) was also working the 2nd time I stopped by (today) and she was much kinder.  Smiled and took my tea order, making changed.  I tipped because she was nicer.  The first barista was also rude when I asked for more hot water - didn't say ANYTHING!  Barley looked me in the eye and seemed annoyed.From the sounds of it she is nicer with the regular customers- I have heard her interacting with them and she seems nice enough.  Really dislike cafes that aren't friendly to new customers - why shoot yourself in the foot?
5	Adorable coffee house. Love their fall drinks. Pumpkin chai...mmmmmmm!
3	Over all good food. It was a pricy for what I got but I love the feel of the place and the art is beautiful! Great coffee beverages also.
5	Superb Coffee shop. Very nice place, great bakery goods, excellent coffee, and also always has reliable wifi.
5	Love it. Everything is delicious and everyone is friendly. Feels like the kind of coffee shop I would come across in a quaint vacation town and wish we had at home (if that makes sense?). Love the kids play area.
4	Tuvalu is a great little coffee shop that does good food and has good local live entertainment regularly. Love them.
3	Loved the coffee! The food was pretty good. But the owner could use a better attitude. After all I just paid $20 for two small sandwiches.
5	Great coffee in a laid back atmosphere. Nice kids area where little ones can play. Also has a little store in the back with artwork and jewelry from local artists.
2	Decent coffee.  Was upset during one visit when I went to pay for my coffee with my debit card.  They would not accept as the order wasn't big enough.I had them add one of their overpriced cookies (at about 500% markup) and they still wouldn't allow me to use my debit card.  I walked out without making a purchase.  I realize it costs money to process card transactions, but just a few cents on small transactions.  Compare this to coffee House markup and they think credit card companies don't have the right to make a buck?One other time I went in, they acted like I was inconveniencing them because they were setting up for yoga.  Sorry I went in to buy something.
5	Great coffee shop with great service! Always happy with the drink and food. Keep up the good work!!
5	Best coffee shop anywhere.  Fair trade coffee and local arts and crafts.  Check out coffee bar soaps and lip balms while you're there.  Best best best.
5	Stopped in while on road trip. The latte I had was a perfect pickup for my long drive, so delicious!  The staff is also very friendly. They have a  gift shop that I hope to spend more time in when I pass thru again.
4	I stop in to Tuvalu once a week for some hot coffee and a delicious bacon breakfast burrito.  Served with a side of salsa, this little gem is a great way to start the day!I usually enjoy my breakfast and drinking a bottomless cup of joe Friday mornings when I can read the newest addition of the Isthmus.
