5	So, the little woman and I decided that we wanted to start a container garden...you know, be a little more sustainable and such.  One of her teachers told her about this new nursery, so we had to give it a whirl.  And what a great discovery!!  They only sell edible plants but also carry seeds, soil, pots and some fruit trees, too.  They offer classes (they have an indoor and outdoor classroom) and the staff is super helpful.  So far, we've purchased several basil plants, heirloom garlic, pickling cucumbers and a large bag of soil (the soil is from a local purveyor and it's organic AND is very reasonably priced at $9).  The heirloom garlic were $2.99 each and the pickling cukes were somewhere around 3 or 4 bucks for six plants, and the pot I got for the garlic was only two dollars.  Not too shabby.  Right now they have tons of different tomato plants (not huge, but bigger than seedlings), squashes, cucumbers, heirloom onions, several types of garlic, eggplant, and so on. On my last visit there, not only did I grab some plants, but I was also informed of how different plants grow well together and the gal behind the counter came around and helped me pick stuff out and answered all of my many questions.  They are only open on the weekends, so I'll have to wait a bit to get my next fix.  I highly recommend this place!  Their selection is nice and the price is a steal!
5	Great classes offered along with plants you can purchase for your garden or trees for your orchard. Greg offers classes about gardening in the urban environment, I have been on tours of his urban garden home on 13st and Glendale and he has been going green WAY before it was popular.  This location is next to the Tree Line Design nursery & landscape company and since he only deals with edibles there is no apparent conflict.  They are only open on the weekends right now and I purchased (7) 5 gallon grape vines to cover our ugly garden wall that keeps the animals away.  Greg also told me that they are putting in a coffee shop and restaurant in that same little area, WOW!  This will be a cool little area to hang out in soon....cant wait.
5	This place is so neat! Yes, I realize i just said neat. It is an outdoor classroom and nursery offering only edible fruit and vegetable plants. So much potential for growth not only for the space, but for sharing of information and ideas. Looking forward to many years of the Urban Farm Nursery and what it can teach me! Thank you Greg for always moving forward. You have taught us so much. Good people. Good work.
5	Can I just say that this is one of my favorite community places? Because it is. The staff is so knowledgable and extremely helpful; they want nothing more than to see your garden/farm thrive and for you to have fun doing it. My first experience there, I ended up taking two classes and learned more than I ever thought I'd be able to retain about gardening as I am hardly the green thumb. So there I was, frantically writing it down and hoping I remembered. And a few weeks later, I started to plant various things I'd like to grow in different pots and scattered them about my yard, trying to see what grew where. I had insanely tall zucchini sprouts after only a few days!!! And yes, I know most of you think that's nothing, because it. grows. ANYWHERE. But not for me. I don't keep plants alive. And these lived. And I liked it so much I went back to get advice on how to build a raised garden bed. And I'm now starting to install it. They even offered to test my soil for me. Like I said. Best. Place. Ever. Go. Your garden will love it.
2	I worked there when I was high school they, however they are nice selection but you can.
