5	In the summer this is the place to be, sun deck on the roof, clothing optional.  Hot tub downstairs only seats four, water wasn't too hot but it was fun anyway.  Wouldn't mind a better breakfast, cereal and bagels every morning, but the croissants were fresh every morning and they were mmm mmm good.  Rooms were clean and the staff were very friendly.
4	Michael was very helpful and our room was very clean and well maintained. This is a very convenient location, we were able to walk all over Montreal from here. We would stay here again.
3	This place is squeaky clean, the rooms are OK, quiet ambience, nice deck, free WiFi...but beware of the janitor, I am talking about the Latino-looking guy, he's kind of a perv...I was recently staying there with a friend, we put the "do not disturb" sign on the door, yet he had the gall to open the door "by mistake" while my friend and I were playing in bed (not exactly Scrabble). He apologized and shamelessly showed to us his boner sticking out of his shorts. He loves to pass by the shower whenever a guest is using it (it has no doors), casually, sometimes with a broom in his hand as if he were cleaning. I understand this is a gay B&B, and that the sun deck is clothing-optional but even gay guests in a gay B&B need and want privacy, especially when they are in the room. I hope the owner reads  this review and take some actions to stop this from happening, it's really annoying.  In addition, one of the owners is a real jerk, pompous, arrogant ass, especially when taking reservations over the phone. Other than that it's a decent place to stay and it is conveniently located near the Gay Village and Metro Berri-UQAM
4	I stayed here last year for pride and had a great experience.  I believe Michael was the owner who was around mostly while I was there.  He was a sweetheart the whole time we were there and cooks up a wonderful breakfast in the morning and is more than happy to chat.  The rooms were clean and well kept.  The location is far enough away that its quiet and relaxing, but close enough to the major events and bars that we didn't once feel like it was a problem to get where we were going.  My only complaint is the hot tub.  Its pretty small, can fit two people tops, and is downstairs in the very basement of the house. there is a perfect spot up on the roof deck where the table and chairs are that would be outstanding for a nice 6-8 person hot tub.  Get on it boys!  Oh btw, the roof deck is clothing optional and a really nice and relaxing place to lay out.  I reccommend this place.
