5	I love this nail shop!!. I have been in Vegas for 9 months now and I didn't find this place until about a month ago. i am very particular about my nails as you can read in my other review. I like my nails to look all natural- even if they have acrylic on them. I wish I would have taken a picture of the last time i was there because Paul, who did my nails did an amazing job. You couldn't even tell my nails had an overlay on them. The day before I got my last fill people were still commenting on how beautiful my nails were. I got gel nails for the first time today and once again Paul hit a home run!! The pregnant lady- forgot her name- is soooo sweet. I go there like twice a week to get polish changes cause I schizophrenia with my nail color. Love this place and not super expensive either. i dont mind paying a little more if my nails are done fabulously!
5	They also do facial waxing which Theresa(preggo) does. Paul normally does my gel color, which is perfect all the time. I have no complaints, at all.
5	Still five stars. i had to come back because i tried a new shop and they totally screwed up my nails. i came here an Theresa hooked me up. Not only did she fix my nails be she pulled out new nail decals for me and cut them just for me since im a regular. She is super sweet!
2	Came here on a Tuesday with my daughter for a Girls Day Out. The massager on my chair didn't work but my daughters seemed to be supercharged. She said she felt like she was a helicopter. Pedicure itself was meh. They didn't use a blade on my calluses and the foot massage was hurried.  I found out later that it would've been an extra $2 for them to use the blade.  I actually would've paid for it had they let me know!  I also had to remind the girl that I needed to pay before leaving. This place is ok in a pinch but I'm still on the lookout for a good pedi place in Spring Valley
4	I'm so shocked this place does not have any reviews! I got a pedi and polish only on my hands here while on vaca. I really enjoyed that they allowed me and four other friend to come in at the last minute and still received great service at a great price. My favorite part was that it's the first place in a long time that I didn't get pushy girls trying to sale me add-ons. It's clean and my feet felt very pampered. If I'm ever out there again I will definitely have to stop by. The only thing that kept me from giving them five stars is thar they forgot to charge one of my friends and we had to go back and pay. So managing charges can improve.
1	I've been going to this nail salon religiously for three years... their service used to be AMAZING, and that is what has kept me going back.  Unfortunately, they have a completely new staff... and they are awful.  Last week i sat there for 25 minutes without them even acknowledging me, and there wasnt a single person in the salon, so I walked out.  Today when I went, my nail technician decided to be on her cell phone the ENTIRE time, and cut me more than once... she didnt even say sorry!  While the other girls were lounging around with their shoes off and their feet propped up on the nail desks... absolutely unprofessional and distgusting!  As a business owner myself, this service was at best awful.... I'm so sad Theresa and the rest of the old crew are gone... looks like I have to find a new nail salon :(
5	I love this place! I even moved about 15 minutes away and tried out other nail places but was always disappointed. $20 pedicure and it lasts an hour. Never have to wait either.
2	Went here a couple weeks ago and I don't think I'll be back. I went in for a pedicure and worked with Kim. She was really nice and gave an awesome massage! Why the bad review? Well honestly the tub thing where you put your feet in did not look clean. I wouldn't have put my feet in it if I had seen what it looked like when there was no water in it. Secondly, their other equipment did not look clean either. Just a fungus waiting to happen! Lastly the nail polish chipped after a couple of days! I am seriously mad at myself for even letting them touch me knowing their stuff was not sanitized. Ick.
5	Stopped I for a pedicure randomly, Really fast and friendly, the guy who did my pedi was very nice even had a pleasant conversation... He told me I had healthy feet haha. No one was pushy, honestly one of my best pedicure experiences
5	I went in for a pedicure, walked in and was immediately sat down at a chair. The help was fantastic. Everyone was so kind and attentive! I didn't get the name of the tech who did my pedicure, but it was the older oriental women. I have the nastiest dried and cracked heels and the woman who did my pedicure is a miracle worker! After just one pedicure, my heels have never been softer and crack free!!! And for only $20!!!I HIGHLY recommend this salon!!! I will never go anywhere else in town for my pedicures!
5	Very impressed!! Took hubby for a pedi for the first time... Beautiful service!! They even made coffee for us!! Definitely will be back!!
5	Very friendly and attentive from the moment I walked in the door. I didn't have an appointment and was looking for a friendly walk-in welcome, place. This was it! It was Avery short drive from my hotel and open on Sunday. The reviews about this place are spot on and led me to seek them out. When visiting Vegas on future trips I will come back here. I got the full pedi for a deal of a price, $35. Not a fancy place but I wasn't expecting that. I wanted clean, friendly and reasonably priced. And, I got that here.
5	Walked in was helped right away. Jackie very friendly. Has my favorite OPI colors. Very sattisfied.
1	Never coming here again!!! They messed up on my french tip nails and they hurt me twice useing thr mechanical drill!! And i had to tell them it was hurting.. then they tried to upsale me into gettinf a pedicure when i didnt need one and insisting that i needed to get it witch was kinda insulting!!!
4	I finally found a good place to do my pedicure in vegas!They're affordable (only $20) and they do a great job.They're open until 10pm on the weekdays which is great. My friend and I walked in at 4:30p on Sunday and there was no wait. We were sat down immediately. They take a good amount of time cleaning your nails and massaging your foot/legs. They're friendly and won't try to up sell you.It's located in the Fresh and Easy complex so there's tons of parking right in front of the salon.
5	I needed a mani/pedi for my work holiday party...was just driving home saw this place so called and asked prices. Flipped a U turn and went in for a $30 mani/pedi...everyone was really nice and sweet. Amy did a great job on my nails she was very detail oriented. Well I went home that day thinking they were dry and made my bed. Long story short messed up a few of my nails...so called the next day and asked how much to fix them. They told me not worry and just come in and they would take care of it. Would definitely recommend this place!!
