4	Took a few classes during 2003 and 2004.  Compared to some of the professors I had at a community college in IL, I'd say that most of the professors I had the pleasure of working with here were professional and solid educators.  Indeed, many of the professors showed true interest in their students and even guided a few of us into acquiring research grants and courses!  The classrooms are large, clean, well-ventilated, and uncluttered.  Computer labs are massive, staffed with friendly and knowledgeable individuals (many of whom are also students) and there are a few private rooms available (the cc in IL had many more private rooms, which I constantly longed for while at CGCC).  Science labs were nice and cool, and equipped with Macs (my first time working with these, so another somewhat-positive experience associated with this campus!).    Among the courses I had the pleasure of attending while enrolled at CGCC was a very fun martial arts class called Kajukenbo (a mix of karate, jujitsu/judo, kempo, and Chinese boxing), and classes were held at night.  I felt very safe roaming around this campus, day and night.  It's well-lit; stairwells are roomy, clean, and well-maintained; and security staff is always around.  Since I do not like settling into my car after working out for a couple hours, I found it convenient that I was able to use the shower stalls at the locker room.  Don't know if this was allowed, but I was never accosted.  The staff at the weight room was very friendly.The college is easily accessible with the 101 and the 202, and parking is never a problem.  Inexpensive good eats are close-by (check out Venezia's Pizzeria on Pecos; downtown historic Chandler also has great venues!) and there are groceries nearby.  I truly enjoyed my experiences here, and typing this review makes me want to return and take classes again!
3	Chandler Gilbert Community College or CGC as it's referred to by some has grown some the past 10 yrs. I remember a campus that had comprised of one building with a courtyard, and now it has grown to campus with a couple buildings throughout. This community college outfit is the lesser campus compared to Mesa Community on Southern Ave. Nevertheless, it provides the same classes offered, and in my opinion the classes are smaller. I like the fact that parking at CGC is not that tough compared to MCC. I feel the staff at CGC are quite friendly and a little more helpful. I was at CGC recently for a Microsoft certification test. I was happy to hear that their computer lab was open till 10 pm and someone was able to proctor the exam later than the lab at MCC. So kudos to them. So, if I ever need to take other classes at CGC I totally recommend this campus.
1	I would have really liked to go to school somewhere close to home.  I've gone to several community colleges and always loved the education and faculty members.I have a bachelor's degree and am planning to switch industries.  I need a few other courses for pre-reqs to get into my new program, so I met with an adviser.  She criticized me more on switching industries than gave advisement to what classes I would need to transfer to ASU.  She wrote down some arbitrary courses (one which, after consulting ASU, they told me she had advised me incorrectly) and I went on my way. I scheduled the 2 courses I was interested in.  They charged me out-of-county tuition (which is standard for non students.) To get this $2k lowered to my $600 actual costs, I had to fax in a document. ONE DOCUMENT.  Alright! So I sign it, fax it in and my online account never adjusts.  I think, well maybe there's a disconnect between the two, so I call.  After all, I want to pay the $600 so they don't drop my classes!  I call, the woman sounds like she has no idea what "residency paper" or "fix my tuition means."  All the while, she uses the term "prop 300," which I have no idea what that is.  Finally, we get it sorted out that they don't, in fact, need me to fax in a copy of my birth cert (awesome, because I already did) and that the number the adviser told me to fax to was academics and not the clerks.  When i said, "Well, do you need me to fax it to you both?" she responded, "Just to the clerks office. If they need it, we'll walk it over there."  Ok, aside from me having no idea who needs what, I now have no idea WHY both academics and fiscal would need this information and, moreover, why it wouldn't just share in their computer system. I have faxed this document (it's June now) TWICE A DAY for the past 3 WEEKS -- 3 different fax machines, along with calling.  I'm never on hold for less than 20 minutes.  When I contact a clerk, they say, "If it hasn't changed on your website, we don't have it."  This still offers me no information to what I can do to resolve this matter. Unfortunately, they don't want my money, nor do they see me as a valuable customer.  For a community college who essentially operates at a minimal profit, you think they would care.  I have NO respect for a business that conducts itself this way.  They have turned a process that I was very excited about into frustrating and repeated dead-ends with people who are not knowledgeable about how they operate, customer service and most importantly, how much information is necessary for customers for you to successfully have a career at a public-facing entity. Thanks for nothing, CGCC.  You've made it difficult for me to pay you.
1	I was really excited to start classes at CGCC, but the staff completely turned me off to the school. They are beyond unhelpful! They gave me the run around for weeks. Denied me financial aid, even though FAFSA approved me for 2 grants. It's been a complete nightmare trying to get enrolled and set up for school... I will definitely be going elsewhere. They are NOT friendly, or helpful. I can't say enough negative things about CGCC. I'm not a fan.
5	I honestly have no idea what the negative reviewers are talking about. If your account says you have to pay out-of-state tuition, then you need to go in and hand them the required documents. Faxing documents takes longer. As for my review, I love this campus. They have small classroom, friendly staff and faculty, and good food. Food is usually about $10, which is the same everywhere else. They also have a tutoring center for math, science, writing, and other subjects. The tutors are a big help. It's best to go in  early in the morning when they open before it gets too busy. The school also has a bunch of clubs and organizations for those interested in joining. Advisors will only help you out with picking classes and graduation. I love this school overall!
4	I have had a good experience at CGCC. Many improvements have been made in the past two years and I think it is a good community college to earn prerequisites towards a transfer degree. The classes are generally about 25 to 30 students and I think you can get a really great learning experience from a smaller class size. The campus has a nice layout with a lot of open courtyards and a big library with many open computers. The financial aid and advisory office can sometimes be a little unhelpful but it all depends on who you are working with and if you don't like your advisor, request a new one. I have a few more classes to take here before I transfer to NAU for psychology and I look forward to my classes. I would definitely recommended CGCC for a good learning experience at a local college.
4	I really like cgcc, it's a good school and I'm happy I choose to attend.
5	I honestly have no idea what the negative reviewers are talking about. If your account says you have to pay out-of-state tuition, then you need to go in and hand them the required documents. Faxing documents takes longer. As for my review, I love this campus. They have small classroom, friendly staff and faculty, and good food. Food is usually about $10, which is the same everywhere else. They also have a tutoring center for math, science, writing, and other subjects. The tutors are a big help. It's best to go in  early in the morning when they open before it gets too busy. The school also has a bunch of clubs and organizations for those interested in joining. Advisors will only help you out with picking classes and graduation. I love this school overall!
4	I've attended 2 other community colleges is this district, and While they all have good and bad points, I am most overall happy with CGCC. The campus is nicely spread out, not too crowded not too spread out  Parking is a bit cramped at times, but that's not unusual.  I've had many wonderful teachers, and only 1 bad teacher.  I love that the library has lots of places to sit and study quitely.The WiFi is spotty around campus, but that's a first world problem, not life threatening.I'm happy here and will continue to take classes until I have no choice but to transfer to the university.
5	I work here.  I've been here almost 3 years, and I love my job!  I work in Student Life and Leadership, and I am blessed to be able to help students every day.  Our campus is friendly and small enough for students not to feel lost like can happen at larger universities.I know some students don't always have perfect experiences here, it happens, not every instructor is going to be the right fit, but come to Student Life and get involved, have some fun!  My job isn't always perfect, but I do love it here!  I choose to see the best about what I do!
