1	Somehow we had this company come to our house even though we live in the Bay Area, California. The contractor called us from a 707 area code, so I know I have the right company. They've been out to our house TWICE and our refrigerator has not been fixed, even though we have paid them.However, today, we had a dumb *** contractor come to our house to look at our refrigerator. This contractor really should go back to school or something, cause he doesn't know what he is talking about. When my mother basically told him his idea of 'defrosting' a frost free refrigerator (keeping the door open and unplug it for 12 hours- uhhh plus, we'd lose a lot of food if we did that!), he lost his cool and starting being rude.I would really not deal with this company even if its the last applicance company on earth. The contractors are unprofessional and wasted our time, because my mom had to take a day off work for this.
1	This is a shady company and i'm very upset with my dealing with them.  In April, they were referred to me by my home warranty insurance - they called and set an appointment window of 4 hours.  I took time off work to be home.  They never showed up.  I called the office and they rescheduled and told me that when they showed up they would waive the $55 fee.  The technician came and told me he couldn't replicate the issue i was having and they are not allowed to work on things if they can't see the problem off the bat.  He looked at his work order and saw that the fee was supposed to be waived, he then wrote that on the work order and went along his way.  Now I got a bill for the 55 from the insurance company.  I called Avalon - the woman in the office (who is the one who tole me she'd waive the fee) says the technician is not allowed to waive fees (he was going off of his notes) and flatly denies having ok'd the waiver.  Now the insurance company says they can't waive it either.  So basically, I lost a day of work, didn't get my appliance fixed (4th visit scheduled for Saturday), and was lied to by Avalon Appliance.  This is far more about the "point" than the fee.  I would not use this company EVER.
1	Companies that expect hardworking Americans to take the day off from work to wait for them to fix our appliances and then not show up or phone are the type of companies that make Americans look bad.  We scheduled with Avalon because of an extended warranty purchased through Lowe's.  The first appointment was a 4 hour window in the morning.  15 minutes before the end of the window, they called to say they would not be able to make it and rescheduled.  The second appointment was a Saturday 3 hour window in the middle of the day.  They never showed up and didn't call.  How can a company from Las Vegas servicing what they claim to be 500 zip codes not get it right?
1	The 1 star reviews for this company are accurate. Be warned. Be wary. If your Home Warranty Company recommends this place, ask for another company. This company is based out of Las Vegas. This company uses people who are here on work visas from Latvia/Russia/etc. They can be very hard to understand but luckily, I am of Eastern European decent so I can deal with the accents. Be ready to be assertive and be ready to be disappointed. Again, avoid at all costs if you can-unless you can wait and wait for a repair job.We are currently contracted with a Home Warranty Company for anything that can (and seems to) go wrong in our house and when things break down, they seem to happen in 3's. The first thing that happened in our house was our garbage disposal and the company that came out to fix the garbage disposal was prompt, efficient and replaced the whole disposal for the mere cost of the service fee ($55). The second thing that happened was our air conditioner went out and the same thing happened. The contracted company came, charged us $55 and fixed our A/C with one shot. The third thing to go wrong in our house was that my oven decided to die and give an error code. I contacted the Home Warranty company and this is the repair company they have a contract with. To make a very long story short, I was without a working oven for 2 months. Yep, 2 months. The first call seemed to be okay and I was told a tech would be out between 1 and 4pm. The tech showed up at 6:30pm and we were out to dinner ( I had left many phone calls regarding the lateness with no updates). The next day, our appointment was rescheduled for 2 days later and the tech showed up this time but to do nothing but see the actual error code (me relaying the code wasn't good enough), and then they had to order the part to replace. The part took over a week to arrive and to get an appointment scheduled to replace it. The replacement happened, but since I wasn't home (just the husband was), the guys replaced the part and left. They didn't turn on the oven to see if it would work or anything. Sure enough a few days later when I went to use the oven, the minute it reached 350 an error code popped up. I was just relieved I wasn't having company over and that it wasn't on a day like Thanksgiving.I called Avalon and asked the receptionist to speak to a manager. I spoke with someone advised of the situation as I had started documenting everything and called our Home Warranty Company to lodge a complaint. I was advised I would hear back from someone within 24 hours. I heard back from Avalon who advised they ordered the other part for the oven and that it would take a week for the part to come in and once it was in, they would call to set up a time to install it. After a week, I called Avalon (they didn't call me) and was told they had the part and we scheduled an appointment time. I again was given a window and told them explicitly, the window was pushing the far end of when I had to pick up my daughter from school. I was promised they would show at the earlier side of the window and guess what? I was lied to again. They showed up at the far end, made it hard to make sure the work was done properly (luckily my daughter is almost 15 and has a cell phone) and made them wait to see if the oven heated properly to all degrees on all settings. Sure enough, it finally worked and has been working ever since (fingers crossed it stays this way since I am writing this review).AVOID AVOID AVOID...
1	Do. Not. Use. This. Company.Please avoid at any cost, and save yourself a huge headache. If your home warranty company sends you their way, like ours did, tell them you DO NOT want their service, and would greatly appreciate going through someone else. There is a big language barrier, we waited over a month for parts, and they weren't even the right ones, and after headache, after headache, half the problem we had with our oven was STILL not fixed. We didn't even care at that point. I even spoke to the boss, and our issue was never quite resolved. We'd rather have a half working oven, then ever have to call them again. The employees there are nice enough, but it was just problem after problem. Sorry that you had to read such a bummer review, but this is the truth (at least for our experience).
1	To say that I'm pissed off is an understatement, and my wife doesn't really care for this company either.I was right for once.I told my wife not to pay the annual fee ($492).The company seems attractive because the service fees are only $60 (Tam F. says that they're $55, and her review is pretty recent, and so I wonder if the fees vary depending on where you live). Even if an appliance needs new parts or has to be totally replaced, you're only out $60 (of course, if you need the company once during the year, you're really paying $552 total).My main mother-in-law encouraged us to get appliance insurance, and my wife wanted some peace of mind. I was skeptical because we just moved a little over a year ago, and our appliances are new. I really just thought that it was a waste of money.I'm not trying to discourage anyone from buying appliance insurance. As the other reviewers state, just don't go with this company. I agree with Tam F.: "Be wary. If your Home Warranty Company recommends this place, ask for another company."For this review, I would rather use the word technician than repairman or contractor.Anyway, our oven sometimes displays an F2 error message. When this occurs, the oven will beep incessantly for about 2 minutes. It sounds like a fire alarm, and the buttons on the console become disabled (pressing the Cancel button eventually works, and opening and closing the door seems to help too). A few months ago, a technician came by. Although he arrived at the end of the time frame that was given (he was technically on time), I still felt like part of my day was wasted.The guy was only around for a few minutes. He didn't seem to do anything (I got the sense that the company just wanted to be paid), and he told me that a part had to be ordered. Okay.We expected to hear something in a week, but 3 weeks passed. When my wife called, she learned that the technicians are trained to say that a part will take "about 7 business days" to come in. She also received an apology.Other calls didn't go so well. When someone answered, my wife was put on hold for awhile, hung up on, or spoken to rudely. The receptionists really just wanted our address. Almost no customer service skills were displayed (some people she spoke to didn't even say hello or give any kind of greeting). My wife rarely gets worked up about anything, but she hated dealing with the receptionists (she partly called because I'm super impatient on the phone- I've made hanging up on people an art form). On January 6, the same technician came by. He was supposed to arrive by 6, but came close to 8. We were both tired at the time, and I had to race to the door (the guy rang the doorbell 3 times in about as many seconds). Only before he left did he apologize for being late.The part came from Fresno and was mailed to The UPS Store in Hayward (the one on Mission Blvd.). It was ready on 12/20/11, and was probably picked up a good week before January 6 (only 1 employee is reported here, and the President is evidently hard to reach: http://www.manta.com/c/mt11j0m/avalon-appliance-repair-inc). What I'm getting at is that dealing with this company is a slow process (you have to be patient and assertive). There also don't appear to be enough employees. The part was supposed to keep the F2 error message from coming on again (I talk more about this in a bit). The technician had the nerve to tell me that I should have told him more when he first came (as I explained to him, it was hard to convey the situation- still, I made it clear enough). He backed off, though, when I got defensive. I believe the technician is from Russia or Ukraine. As Tam F. mentions, "This company uses people who are here on work visas from Latvia/Russia/etc."The guy has an accent, but is easy enough to understand. Despite being stiff (he reminds me of Keanu Reeves in most of his movies), he's also somewhat friendly (he really just isn't good at greeting people- both times I answered the door, he just stared at me all mute). He even knows what he's talking about for the most part. I was tempted to give the company 2 stars (the technician took his time and made a good effort on the 6th- he also taught me how to deal with the console better), but I can't. The oven works fine overall, but it was never fixed (nothing happened when I made some ribs earlier, but the error message came on once during our baby shower on Saturday- I'm just glad that no guests had really arrived yet).The technician emphasized to me that I could call the company within 30 days if there were any issues.30 days haven't passed yet, but we're not going to call about the F2 error message again. It's not worth the hassle. We're just going to live with the beeping when it occurs and maybe go with another company later (it would be nice to address it before our son is born, but it's not realistic right now). I mainly feel sorry for customers who have bigger repair issues.
1	Let me start off by saying I did not choose to have this company attempt to fix my clothes dryer.....they were contracted by my home warranty. My trouble started last December.  On 12/19/11, my dryer broke.  My warranty company contracted Avalon for the repair.  On the 23rd when I still haven't heard anything from them, I called their office.  I was informed they never received any notification from the warranty company. After going back and forth for a couple of hours, they scheduled a service appointment for the 28th!!!  (Had to take a vacation day because they only will schedule appointments between 10:00am and 1:00pm!)12/28/11 the guy finally shows up.  After tinkering around and randomly clanging metal parts together for about an hour, he tells me in very broken English that the main drive motor is bad, and will have to order the part. Fine, I can understand that. (I work in maintenance too, so I understand not having the right parts on hand at all times).   I reluctantly paid the $45 service fee. I was recently reimbursed for the fee, so that was the only good thing about this horrible experience so far.1/17/12 the motor comes in and I have the service call scheduled for Friday the 20th (I needed a few days to get my short notice vacation day approved).  The same guy shows up....with another guy following him like a shadow.  After another hour of making noise and dropping various dryer parts, I was told the exhaust blower was bad, and would have to be ordered......not in stock, blah, blah, blah!So far, I've been without a clothes dryer for over a month.....with absolutely no sign of it ever being repaired.Bottom line, stay away from the so-called company. They seem to hire nothing buy amateur backyard-mechanics with no noticeable experience or skill.  Their narcissistic customer service is a total joke, when they actually answer the phone, they claim to have no record of your existence, or just don't care that you've had to go to a laundromat for a straight month.  These people piss me of!!!!!!
1	Just as an FYI, this company is now going by the name ABM Appliance Repair, INC. Still the same crappy service just a "new name" to make their profile look better for the Home Warranty Company.
1	As mentioned above, the company seems to be named ABM Appliance Repair now with the same phone number. They were sent to my house in the SF Bay Area by a home warranty company for a washer repair. The technician came in a personal, non marked minivan. He was wearing jeans and a polo shirt, with absolutely no company identification. He pretty much went on to do absolutely nothing.  He had absolutely no tools and didn't even look inside the washer. His verdict... the washer runs fine (despite the fact that the motor hasn't worked on the previous two loads during the wash cycle),  I suggested that we try with actual clothes in the washer.   He refused and said it doesn't matter.  Basically, he did nothing.  I refused to pay him. Unfortunately the way First American Home Warranty works is that they send out a different technician from the same company. How stupid!  I put in a load as he was leaving and sure enough, it doesn't work. The motor runs but it doesn't spin.
2	Company name now ABM Appliance Repair and they are based in Las Vegas Nevada. It appears they sub-contract out to 'independent repair technicians'.Company was sent to my home in Danville, CA by the Home Warranty Co. I called the Home Warranty company and requested they send a local appliance repairman - but they refused. Technician arrived (late) in a personal unmarked vehicle and carried no company identification. We explained that the only problem with the dishwasher was the roller mechanism on the top rack was broken. He said we needed a new rack and it would take a week to get the part. A week later he came back and installed the part (he was about 1 1/2 hrs late) without incident. I can't say I would have had much confidence in his abilities if there had been a serious problem with the dishwasher, there was a significant language barrier problem and his skills seemed minimal.
1	microwave (builtin with oven) broke on 9/17.  came to assess 9/20.  was told on the 18th they would arrive on the 19th between 1 and 5.  waited, and called about no show.  heavily accented women was soooo rude (i am from NY with a pretty thick skin).  told me multiple times I was wrong, appointment is for TOMORROW between 1 and 5.  ok then.  after arrival at 4 pm tech asked what the problem was.  i stated it is not heating.  i tried to further explain the noise it was making was not normal.  i was asked not to speak.  REALLY?  after assessment i was informed it needed 2 parts that were not stocked, would be ordered and i would be contacted on arrival.  i was told to ask no questions and if i had any to call the number on the green card that was left with me. oh, ok then.  9/24 was informed via email that the parts had arrived and were left at the front door.  called to clarify whose door.  no answer.  no return call.  Called american home shield (warantee company).  only 1 part was delivered waiting for part #2.  part 2 arrived on 9/29.  appointment for install 10/2 between 1 and 5.  called on 10/2 at 2pm and told one of the parts arrived broken.  needs to be reordered.  WHAAAT????  called AHS, again,  no joy.  called on 10/6 and was told 10/7 would be my lucky day and lo and behold they did come and it is now fixed a meer 3 weeks later.  this company has the poorest communication skills i have ever encountered.  EVER.  completely unwilling to work with you and i have NEVER been told not to speak in my own home.  OUTRAGEOUS
