5	Just bought a car and couldn't wait to have my windows tinted. Eric came out on a Sunday morning and did a fantastic job. Car looks great, price was great and mobile service convenient. Highly recommend!
5	Awesome job!  Professional, clean, and affordable.  I've had several vehicles tinted with Eclipse, and I keep coming back!.  Thanks again for a great job.
5	Overall Eclipse Window Tinting did an amazing job on my car. Not only did he come on time but he also was priced great! Mobile services is a must and is so convenient. I referred my friend to Eclipse and she absolutely loved her tint as well. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
5	I've had Eric tint 5 or 6 of my vehicles and my office windows. As you might be able to tell I am extremely pleased with his work and will continue to use him for all of my tinting needs. Very professional, timely and friendly. Eric definitely knows his stuff and his work stands out above the rest. Thanks so much!!
5	Eclipse did a full rear tint replacement on my 2000 Honda Accord. Professional, Communicative, Timely and Friendly; all wrapped in a very affordable package! Will always use and recommend Eclipse!
5	Great work and quick service!  Eric was able to get us in quickly and did a great & clean job.  We will be using him again!
5	Perfect job on my auto tint! They came to my work, gave me the options, and were finished in about an hour. Great price and looks amazing.
5	Eric just left my office parking lot and I have to say it's a great job. Just what I wanted, and having him mobile enabled me to get it done.  I already gave him two referrals. :)
5	I previously used Eric to have my car windows tinted. I am a snow bird whose main home is in KY and Eric knew exactly which tint was legal in KY. After several months the film is still perfect.  I know he uses only top of the line window film which makes all the difference. Due to this positive experience, I just had him come out and tint all the windows in my AZ home. He was fast, efficient, and professional - as always  The windows look wonderful and I believe that my cooling bill will be decreased significantly.  Best news is that I can get rid of the ugly sunscreens
5	Eric has been tinting my company cars for years. I will not use anyone else. I get a new vehicle just about every year, and Eric has tinted all of them. He is professional, courteous, and does an amazing job. I have referred him to family and friends as well. You will be happy you chose Eclipse!
5	Professional and helpful! Eric came to my work to tint my windows on my car. He arrived early and was fast at doing the job. I was unsure about which tint to go with and he had no problem explaining the different tints and holding them up to my window to see which one I liked better. He knows the window tinting laws and was very informative. I would recommend Eclipse Window Tinting! I would like to add that the price is affordable and it was a very easy process! Thanks for my awesome tint!
5	Great service! Eric was on time and he finish the job in an hour. My window looks great. I love how their website give the quote right away. Will definitely use him again
5	First, I thank the other 13 yelp*ers for taking the time to speak highly of Eclipse.  Eric has worked window tint, paint protection and clear auto bras for a dozen years.  It shows.  He redid the tint on two vehicles.  People comment how nice the old bomb, formerly with faded, peeling tint, looks now.  It puts pride back into the ride.   We are completely pleased with the work done on the new bomb and look forward to years of cooler running and UV protection.  Mobile, on-time, completed in professional, timely fashion.  A printed mirror-hanger was left with post-install tint preservation instructions and warranty info for vehicle files.  Thank you Eric.You can use my electrical outlet for your steamer  any time.  You know Sweet D will always provide  bandages for your tint-peeling fingers if you need them.
5	Wonderful service. I requested a quote and an appointment to get the windows on my truck tinted and the next day Eclipse was in my garage. I could not have asked for a faster or more convenient service. The tint looks amazing you will not regret working with Eclipse Window Tinting.
5	If Eric decided to quit the tinting world, he'd be a phenomenal coach on how to run a service business.We followed all the rules, but our fresh tint job ran into a jam between Weather tech vent/shades and the vehicle weather stripping.  It began peeling.  This issue was not caused by Eric, it is slight engineering imperfections in two auto products pinching and stripping his excellent work.  He came by, didn't take any shortcuts or trim out the bubbles.  He re-tinted slightly differently after I spent considerable time filing and cutting Weather tech plastic to ease the window pinching.  Thanks Eric.
5	Amazing job well done!!! Scheduled appointment from website, received confirmation same day. The work was better than expected. Almost perfect! Very professional, quick and clean. You won't be disappointed.
5	As good as it gets!Lee Ann called me back, promptly, on Monday after I left a message on the prior Saturday, set up an appointment to have Eric tint the windows on my Evoque Thursday of that week (My first availability). I had to call to adjust the appointment to 30 min earlier, and that proved to be no problem. Eric showed up on time (actually 5 min early) on Thursday and finish very promptly. He is very professional and very skilled, our Evoque looks great! We will have Eric back to tint at least one of our other cars in the near future!
5	Before I got into detail about Eclipse's wonderful job on my 350z, I first want to talk about my previous experience not even 2 weeks ago.I first started this long journey online looking at different tint brands and the best quality I could find. Looking online everyone was saying that the 3M product gave the darkest black that you could get. Because my car is white I decided that I would want a tint film like that. I used to work at a tint shop myself quite a while ago as a car runner and I know how important the tint was, but also the installer. So I started looking.Looking around on Yelp, since it has been a great place to find good shops, I found a dealer that does 3M tinting. I will not name the company since the issue was resolved, but I found them on Yelp and ask them about tinting my car. I was pretty clear about the limo tint around the car, as my lancer has that exact limo tint on it as well. After the install, I confirmed with the lady at the desk that it was infact limo even though it seemed a bit light. After not being able to get over the fact that it didn't seem dark enough, I looked at the receipt and sure enough it said that the front windows were 35% and the back was the limo at 5%. It was very disheartening that 5 star tint shop on Yelp let me down in this way, so I cautiously looked for someone else to tint my car, again.Luckily, this is where I found Eclipse and a couple other high ranking tint shops. All the reviews were fantastic and after sending a message to a couple companies, I really liked the clarity that Eclipse replied with. I did think it was a bit strange that they didn't have a way for me to message them on Yelp but that was okay. So I went to their site to read more about them and I saw there was a option to talk to someone via chat from the site. I know it doesn't seem like a big deal, but I wanted to go over the details that I got via email on what I wanted to do. I talked to Lee Anne Migray who manages the office and she was absolutely outstanding to talk to. She answered all my questions that I had and was able to make an appointment. Not only that but I had a couple set backs that forced me to need to reschedule, I called in and she remembered talking to me and what my car was which is crazy! She happily changed my installation date and also confirmed the day before to make sure I remembered.The install was completely fantastic. After talking to Eclipse I decided to do 5% all the way around like I wanted in the first place with the previous company, and I also decided to get the whole windshield tinted 80% to help with UV rays, as well as a windshield strip at the top mostly for looks. Eric was right in the window that I was told he would be in. Not only that but Eric clarified what tint percentage and what was being done to the car to make sure there were no mistakes. He took my keys and was ready to go. I asked him how long it would take and he told me about two hours and he was right on.The car is a night and day difference with the tint. Me and Eric both talked about how different the car looked and also talked about my previous experience. Believe it or not Eric used to work in the same tint shop as my previous companies owner, but how different both of them are. Not only that but Eric was even able to take cards! I felt bad that I didn't have cash on me but Eric assured me it wasn't a issue.A huge thank you to the Eclipse Window Tinting team, you really came through where the other company couldn't. Also being mobile saved me a huge hassle!
