5	Lola did great!  Stayed true to her other location and made it better with much more space and ambiance.
4	Great ! Server was great and the food runner he was amazing very friendly DIDNT like the wing app so that's why I took a star off everything else was amazing and the dessert!!
2	To be fair we ate there the first day they opened so there was a lot of issues. The A/C was not working properly so it was hot and steamy...maybe they were trying to replicate summer in New Orleans but it did not make for a pleasant dinner. Service was ridiculously slow and they could not get the credit card machine to work so we ended up paying cash after waiting nearly 40 minutes to track down our waitress to find out what the hold up was. Food was ok...crab cakes were really good but the rest was mediocre.So I went back a few weeks later and they still have issues with the A/C. Service was better but not what it should be. We asked for bread and it did not come until nearly the end of our meal. Eek!Had the crab cake again...I really liked it. My husband thought it was so-so. The shrimp and grits were amazing. Our son had the Crawpuppies and they were bad...none of us enjoyed the over cooked, fried mess. The gumbo was yummy and our son also enjoyed the red beans and rice. We tried Bananas Foster for dessert and hubby loved it, son and I thought it was just ok. Their wine selection by the glass is miserable. Overall there were a couple stand outs but not worth going back for.  Maybe they will get their act together as we were hoping to get a really good new restaurant in Summerlin. I'm still over the moon about Jacques in the Trails in Summerlin.
5	Had lunch here today. Food was excellent. Very authentic. Great atmosphere in a stunning location. Lots of herbs and veggies growing around the parking. I'm sure it will smell amazing once they all fill in. I didn't have any today but based on previous trips to the downtown location, the king cake is delicious. Also, I thought prices were pretty reasonable for very high quality food. I didn't look at the drink menu.  I can't wait to go back during crawfish season. I wish this place great success.
1	Very disappointing.   We read from previous reviews that the service was questionable.   Well that was true.  Waitress approached us 10 minutes after being seated.   The beverage menu was presented in a vanilla folder with stains on the pages.   When my wife asked for a glass with her beer, the response was we don't have any clean glasses but I will do what I can to find you one.   A clean glass was delivered several minutes later.  About 30 minutes after sitting, we had not yet received any food, so the waitress asked if we wanted some bread to tide us over.   When dinner was finally served, 5 of the 6 people in our party expressed how salty (I mean way over salted) the food was.  Lola came out to our table to ask how the food was and we told her ... salty, very salty.   Besides having slow service, the wait staff seemed confused as if they were out of sync.   Sorry but I will not be going back, too many things went wrong and the food quality was only OK.
2	The food is par to sub-par in quality. It was sloppy and rushed and in no way memorable. We were excited to have a nicer local restaurant so close by, but this was so blah-I don't know I would be back. However, the banana pudding was pretty good-I'd try that again but nothing else to write home about.
5	First off, our server Lisa was fantastic. She was really kind and patient, as it was our first time in. The bread they brought out (right as we sat down thank goodness because we were starving) was to dieeeeee for. Maybe I was just starving but dang it was good. I got jambalaya, which is one of my favorite things to eat. I hate to sya this but I didnt LOVE it, I liked it. It was just a tad dried and not super flavorful. Whatever. I'll try something else next time. On to dessert where it all ended well, it was GREAT. Love the apple bread pudding, so good. I will return.
2	Visited soon after the place opened on September 19th. Was really excited to have something different near the house.When we got there we noticed that it was really hot inside. We had previously made reservations and requested a round table. Hostess proceeds to take us to a long table that had more chairs than what was needed. We asked the hostess if we could please be seated at a round table as requested. After 5 minutes they took us to a back room that had the round table. This room felt even warmer but we didn't want to leave since we were all hungry. The good thing is that they had fans. Ordered 3 cocktails and 3 waters and it took the waitress 10 + minutes to deliver the water and cocktails. To top it off she had to carry it all because she didn't know how to use a tray. I know they had tray's because I saw other staff using them. As for the food, it was not good. Maybe I should have waited for them to get the kinks out. Might give them one more try just to see if what I experienced was because the place had recently opened.
5	This place is so amazing I'm writing this review while I'm still sitting at the table. Hurricane. Shrimp and Grits. And the Pumpkin Bread Pudding (seasonal). We will definitely be coming back here. Sooner than later.
4	Came today for the first time and really liked it! The decor is cool, the music is great, and the food is fantastic! I had the bronzed shrimp and grits and will definitely order it next time! Creamy, cheesy grits paired with spicy shrimp and andouille sausage - yum! My husband ordered off the brunch menu and got the French toast with a side of praline bacon. He said it was terrific and I can attest to that, at least as far as the bacon is concerned, because I stole a piece! We will definitely be back and would like to try sitting outside in their nice courtyard (too windy today.)
1	Very disappointing Louisiana style food, especially at these prices. I tried the Gouda Grits, which were mouth puckering salty. I tried the gumbo, which was a tiny little cup, and very bland. Seriously, if you need to know where to get some decent andouille sausage, I can show you. The red beans and rice was bland as well, probably due to the flavorless sausage again. I won't be back; I can get better gumbo and red beans and rice out of a box.
4	Was skeptical with bad reviews but we live in the area and wanted Cajun.  Downtown location gets rave reviews so thought we would try it.  Greeting was friendly and seated right away.  Our waitress was all smiles, our beers on tap came right over as well as water.  On the table there is a sign reading "grand opening oct 21" and it is only Oct 15th.   I mentioned this to our waitress and she said they had had a soft opening and are still working out kinks and she acknowledged there were some.  Menu is great and priced right.  I had blackened salmon - cooked perfectly with choice of 2 sides (salad and grits).  My husband had the shrimp creole.  He thought it was a bit salty for his taste but then again he doesn't salt anything and he did eat the whole dish.  Desserts or pumpkin bread pudding to die for and sweet potato pie.  Lola - owner - came over to say hello and then when we were leaving made a point of asking us how everything was.  When an owner is out there walking around with her reputation on the line I am definitely impressed and have faith she will get this restaurant running smoothly.  I think we should all give this restaurant a chance.  We are wishing they make it.  It is a nice addition to this area of las vegas.   Our waitress said they had a nice happy hour as well as brunch on sat and sunday.
5	Went here last night and was extremely pleased. Worked and lived around New Orleans for over 15 years and found Lola's new location to be as good as top eateries in The Big Easy. Atmosphere and service were excellent   Bronzed shrimp with grits was delicious, just the right amount of spice and consistency.
2	Don't order the chicken strips.  Smallest portion ever for 10$.  Menu also needs more diversity
5	I love it here. They allow me to tweak a dish. . Swapping the rice for gouda grits. And the house dressing is wonderful.
3	We love this place and were usually very happy with what we get but beware of the EXTREMELY OVER SALTED items: Collard greens - salt bombGreen beans- salt bomb Our last visit my husband had these two sides with a piece of salmon and poor guy left hungry cuz 2 out of 3 items were inedible :( Poutin fries- barely edibleOn a better note, the fettuccini with blackened salmon is top notchAll of the shrimp dishes I've had are really goodFried artichokes are pretty goodBread pudding is killer
3	Just opened, I will give them them the benefit of the doubt cause there other counterpart on charleston, not as good service could be better, layout is nice, ordered the burger, fries where great burger was burnt on the outside despite ordering med well, either they over used a blow torch or didn't clean the stove.
5	I have visited Lola's at the Summerlin location three times and have not had a bad experience with service or food.  Everyone worked hard to make our dining experience wonderful. Happy hour in the bar is well worth it, the drinks are well executed and martini's are served in large glasses filled to rim.  The happy hour menu is light and tasty.  The Gumbo is excellent and served with a dark rouge. For our dinner experience, everyone at the table was very pleased with their meal.  Cannot go wrong with the shrimp and Gouda grits.  My husband had same dish but with catfish. The menu is similar (or exactly the same) to their Charleston location.  Summerlin, please go and support our local restaurant! This place is a gem and worth a visit!!!
5	I can honestly say never been to Louisiana but since the day went too the original Lola  on Charleston. I feel like jumped on plane right on to bourbon street. Just soaking all the finest things the Big Easy has too offer especially the FOOD! Lola she all about keeping too her creole background and sticking with traditional fare but doing it right way from family secrets passed on from one generation to the next. The original location I have been couple times always end up going with one of the Po-Boys. Too DIE for and the most legit ones find in Vegas hands down!! So hearing that they opened second location one much closer on my side of town. Excited! Second location sometimes have my doubts. I always think about "is bigger always better". You start to lose focus on the things that made you popular in the first place and consistency of the food more locations add. Lola not only small restaurant but great story (one that featured on triple DDD). I love seeing small business owners successful. Right off the top from the moment walked in the vibe, and everything about the interior design screams at you Big Easy. It has the old school colonial look all around, they have area that assume all clams or oysters on ice shuck fresh too order, the bar area think really nice with the brick back splash look to the many widescreen televisions around it, different chairs around the bar area from bar stools to chairs, piano in the bar area (I went for lunch no one playing but assume they do have live music), and NO doubt part of Lola personal taste not miss. She big Saints fan. Dah! You have big Drew Bree artwork. There this shelf near the bar but it feels more like bookshelf at home. Here you have the little things from the mardi gras masks, beads, jars of candy, and all these little almost personnel items. Just the patio area kind of small but had so much personality. They have big oak barrels around, plants, and not just tables outside in open space. Heck you even looking out through window out on the patio area. Just the theme throughout the restaurant got lot of personality but everything that great about the Big Easy. The food was awesome!!!! Like I said had my doubts. The Po-Boy went with the Roast Beef. The last time had the soft shell crab. I wanted to knock another one off the list. The bread with any sandwich make or break point for me. Po-Boy had so many imitations that once have the real thing never take step back. Lola is the only place get my Po-Boy on not place comes remotely close. Not just one thing but the BREAD really stands out for me. She gets it shipped in just for the sandwich. It not only the perfect compliment but could get bread all day long. The Roast Beef talk about lot of food. Messy. But nothing better then having the drippings from the beef, sauce, and some hot sauce icing on the cake. It finger licking good. I started with cup of gumbo. Perfect starter! Loved the fact both restaurant felt like the food was consistent. All the things that loved about the first one still are at the original and now the second location. Lola never meet owner that friendly, upbeat, and this passion for food not only saw on the show but in real life. She just happen be sitting at the bar area when I had lunch. It refreshing see owner go around check up on customers and asked my thoughts on my Po-Boy. No doubt plan on coming back again again..
4	Here's my quick review of Lola's in Summerlin.  Yes, that's right.  Lola's has opened their doors in Summerlin.  If you've been to the location off Charleston near the Smith Center, then you know what to expect here and that's good grubbin' Nawlins' style.  Unlike the original location out here, this one has more space, doesn't seem to be as busy, and is a lot cleaner.  That being said, I'm still a fan of the original.  However, if I have choice, I'd make my way here when I'm craving the authentic stuff from Louisiana.  We dined on a mid-week night and it was far from busy.  Our servers were pretty good too.  But let's discuss what's really important and that's the food.  I got their the crab cake and their Bronzed Shrimp & Grits.  This was my first time trying their crab cake and it's huge, a creamy for a crab cake, and packed with flavorful crab.  As for their, Bronzed Shrimp & Grits, still as good as it get.  You get huge pieces of shrimp on top of their grits, sausage, and mushrooms.  This was seasoned just right and you can't go wrong with this dish.  In fact, this is the only entree that I have ever ordered when I dined at the original location.  I guess I should be try something different like their Po-Boys, the chicken & waffles, their jambalaya, or their oysters the next time I'm in.  But then again, it's too hard for me to pass up their Bronzed Shrimp & Grits.
4	Lunch at Lola's in Summerlin was delicious. Service was laid back and friendly. Our server was doing double duty, tending bar and serving tables which kept her very busy. I liked the wall decorations, a very New Orleans atmosphere.A complementary basket of toasted bread was a nice starter. The Crawfish Etouffee was tasty and kicked up a bit. Lots of Crawfish among the vegetables and a thick gravy. It is a very hardy dish and a good size portion. The fried Chicken platter is served with a choice of 2 sides. Our sides were French Fries and Coleslaw. The large chicken breast was moist and juicy with a nice crispy breading. The Fries and Coleslaw were both great choices for the sides. The use of several types of bell peppers in the Coleslaw was a nice addition.Our next visit is to experience the Happy Hour. It's great to have Lola's on west side as another addition to the increasing number of dining choices. Let the Good Times Roll.
3	I think being featured on TV can be a curse as an establishment has to live up to its reputation that is presented to the masses.I've been meaning to go to Lola's for awhile but the Charleston location just isn't convenient. We drove to the new Summerlin location as the first Friday crowd packed the Charleston location with a 30-45 minute wait as told to us by the hostess. Since Vegas is small the drive wasn't long.This location is really cute. Who ever did the decorating did a good job. It looked very comfortable, random (in a good way), and not tacky. We sat outside even though it was cold and they had heaters on to help.I always like to try a variety of things the first time I visit a new place so that I know what to order next time.. If there is a next time.We got a few appetizers to share: gumbo cup $6, crawpuppies $6, and crab and artichoke dip $10. I'm 99% sure the prices are accurate. I thought these prices were fair for the taste, portions, and quality except the crawpuppies.As in not from the south I am no gumbo expert but theirs is probably the best I've had. My friends dipped the bread that came with the crab dip into it and really loved it. The crab dip had a lot of real lump crab meat in it and onions. It was good with the toasted bread. The crawpuppies were good but only came with four small balls. It's literally fried dough! I guess the craw fish in them is what makes the serving four.I got the platter for $25. It came with fried cat fish, 2 fried oysters, 2 fried shrimp, one crab cake, and 2 sides. I was pretty full after our appetizers so idk if that's why I didn't enjoy my food so much, but I was a little disappointed in what I ordered. I'm not sure if the crab cake was the same as the appetizer one or the dinner one but it wasn't as good of a crab cake as I hoped for. Definitely average. They may have just over mixed it but it was a lot of filler. The one in the picture on the menu had big chunks of lump crab meat in it. The portion of cat fish was generous and it tasted good. The fried oysters were good and so were the shrimp. My friends both got bronzed catfish with Gouda grits and the sausage and mushroom ragout.The last two things I got were the Gouda grits with sausage and mushroom ragout and then the bacon seasoned green beans. I really liked the grits dish. It wasn't life changing but it was good. The ragout really made it as plain Gouda grits would have been lame. The bacon seasoned green beans were over cooked and mushy.My main gripes were the service and experience. The outside seating area sucked as people stood by smoking at times, the service was slow, and the chairs sucked. It took a long time to get our order taken.. The food was good but not good enough for me to want to go back soon. I think our server was alone so it was not good being seated outside. Overall I was a little disappointed and underwhelmed with the food after getting my hopes up seeing it on tv and them doing well enough to get a second location. I would go back but not anytime soon.After looking at other's photos I believe we may have went on an off night as our servings of bronzed catfish were significantly less than the photos I've seen.
5	Went for the first time for brunch. My husband and I sat outside which was beautiful. We could hear the Saints fans cheering at the bar.I had a delicious mimosa and shrimp & grits. That dish may be my new favorite thing anywhere! My husband had the jambalaya - also good - but I preferred mine.The service was excellent, quite a few people out and about to help and our waitress was terrific.
2	Service and food choices in the bar were great.  Last time on the patio the food was not the best.  Service was very slow and server was rude.  If I can't eat at the bar I probably wont eat there again.
5	Sat on the patio which was lovely. We had the bronzed shrimp po'boy and the roast beef D'Brees po'boy. Both were fantastic, but the brown gravy on the roast beef had a slightly peppery heat that was just spectacular. Server Liz was first rate.
3	This is my first visit to Lola's . Both my boyfriend and I had the gumbo. Good size dish with the mound of rice in the middle of it. Comes with a side of bread. It's not quite the gumbo I'm used to but it was tasty nonetheless and had a little kick to it. I will definitely go back and try something different next time maybe jambalaya.  I really enjoyed the New Orleans atmosphere there . Great music I've never been to New Orleans but I definitely want to go now. We ate on the patio is a little cold at night they had heater set out and it was very comfortable. We were definitely catered to and they made sure that we were all comfortable. I will definitely go back hopefully I can get four stars.
3	If it was not for the poor service I would have given them four stars. The food was really good. We ordered the crab cake appetizer which was full of crab meat! (A must try) for our main course we ordered the jambalaya and the shrimp platter. The Jambalaya was good, it had a very rich flavor. The shrimp platter was even better! The deep fried shrimp was amazing, the shrimp size wad very generous and the badder was very tasty. We ordered that with a side of red beans and rice which were great. I'm truly not a fan of beans but these were so rich in flavor that I was very satisfied. For the second side we ordered Louisiana cole slaw which was super good! It had yellow peppers which gave it a good spin from your traditional cole slaw.For dessert we ordered the Lolas bread pudding. Well that one was a disappointment. It was warm in the outside and cold in the inside. There was really nothing special to it.As I mentioned before the food was good but the service was horrible. It took 35 minutes to get our appetizer! At that point they should have brought us bread or something to entertain ourself. Then we asked for cocktail sauce and that arrived 10 minutes later. And to top it off it took about 15 minutes to get a dessert that of-course is already made! Hopefully they work on it because with that service not even good food is worth it.
5	One of the best and reasonably  priced brunches one had in a long time.  Waffle was awesome with a variety  of flavored butters...
5	Went for the first time for brunch. My husband and I sat outside which was beautiful. We could hear the Saints fans cheering at the bar, tons of fun.I had a delicious mimosa and shrimp & grits. That dish may be my new favorite thing anywhere! My husband had the jambalaya - also good - but I preferred mine. Words cannot describe how good, you need to go!The service was excellent, quite a few people out and about to help and our waitress was terrific.
2	My tastebuds are telling me 2 stars, but it could be a 3.I went to Lola's for brunch a couple of weeks ago. The decor is... random. It was if I was walking into my great Aunt Sally's house who had inherited chairs and tables from thrift shops, garage sales and family members. Maybe that's the theme they were going for?I was really underwhelmed by their menu selection, but per the waitresses suggestion, I settled on the catfish and grits. I have never had grits in my life, but cheese and starch didn't sound terrible. The catfish and sausage ragout were amazing. The only thing standing in the way of my appetizing dish were those nasty cheese grits! They tasted like salty baby food, just awful!Service was unmemorable. The portions was pretty small for $16.99, but did I really want more cheese grits? Nope! I hear the bananas foster chicken and waffles is good. I'll try that next time.
4	Went on spur of the moment and was excited to try some Cajun seafood. We had the catfish and soft shell crab. The catfish was great but the soft shell crab was delicious!  We also order a side of the Gouda grits...friggin amazing!  The bread pudding and the chocolate cake are worth a taste as well. I will go back for some more!
4	So glad that Lola has opened a second branch in Summerlin.  Bigger space compare to downtown location. Great service.  Great food.   The BBQ shrimp reminds me of my aunts recipe- she lived in Nawlins for years.
5	Went there for lunch today for the first time and had the gumbo, while my colleague has the jambalaya.  The food and service were both outstanding, and while we were never rushed, we were in and out in less than an hour.  The atmosphere was comfortable and the prices quite reasonable --very nice for a business lunch.  I'm looking forward to going for dinner.
3	I had heard rave review about this place and checked it out for lunch and we both got the Roast Beef from DDD, thinking it would be the best thing on the menu and it was just fair, especially with all the hype.  The place was clean and the service was good and the sides were really good-We got one order of fries and one order of grits ($2.99 extra).  I would give this place a try again, but not my favorite place is summerlin.
1	Wow...... and that is NOT in a good way. We attended a birthday dinner for 8 last night. Walked in to pleasant surroundings that are mildly reminiscent of New Orleans. Sadly, that was the last positive thing I have to say about Lola's. The joint was dead at 6:30 which seemed like a big ol' warning sign. But hey...it's almost Christmas so maybe?Service was friendly but amazingly slowwwwww. I ask the server for suggestions on the menu and he did my big no-no...."EVERYTHING" he says.  Come on dude, there are better items that you can suggest instead of letting a new customer throw out a line hoping they are going to find the big one!  I also wonder if they were trying to emulate their idea of the big easy with this "going in reverse" kind of service. If so, it ain't workin'. Odd that you sit around a dead restaurant twiddling your thumbs with absolutely nothing to nibble on. Oh well....maybe the dinner will make up for this. NOT!Dinners arrived with absolutely no mapping by the server so the expediter is wandering around the table asking where each (different) dish went. The funniest part of this was that some of the dishes had the wrong sides so nobody knew what was really their dinner. That is where the entertainment ended. We had a very eclectic array of dishes and NOT one of them was up to par so let me point out the worst of the bad. Crab cakes....They looked so promising. They arrived looking like a crab cake should but when I/we took a bite they were absolutely mush.....not cooked through and not warm all the way through. EEW!  I NEVER send food back but this was a food poisoning in the making. Sure enough....the crab pinched at my queasy stomach all night. The other guests said their crab cakes were mushy but they ate them anyway....... out of shear desperation for food I suppose. Wonder how they did last night? The shrimp on my grits was tiny and tough. My hubby's catfish was mush. Looking around the table, not one thing looked good. In fact, no one said a word out of politeness but it was apparent this was a huge disappointment for everyone. Jeez...eight bad dishes. Well...I guess Lola's is consistent and NOT in a good way.Almost forgot to mention. We brought a birthday cake and they wanted $1. a slice to cut it. I brought all the equipment, plates etc. so I cut it FOR FREE. God knows a dead restaurant with bad service doesn't want to cut a small cake. To top it off, they served the worst coffee ever. (dessert) I was expecting a lovely blend of chicory and french roast but instead they served a watery substance that they called coffee (thinking swamp water)  in the tiniest cups with no refills. What a joke!!Commander's Palace....you got nothin' to worry 'bout........and my prediction is Lola's Summerlin will not be around long. My predictions have been spot on so far but I will eat my words if they are a resounding success. BTW... my words are tastier.
5	Can somebody say, "Coon ass"? Holy Atchafalaya River Basin! In my travels, I always Google the haunts of Guy Fieri's Triple D, and found the downtown Lola's location. Unfortunately it's Christmas Eve, but some folks hanging out front told us to go to the Summerlin location - and I'm glad they did, because this East Texan who knows Louisiana cooking misses this food. I've been out of my element too long. Char-broiled oysters on the half, low country greens, smokey Gouda grits and an Oyster Po Boy dressed for Fat Tuesday...washed down with a Dixie Blackened Voodoo...can't wait to come again!
5	Get your britches in here, order the shrimp and grits AND the beef po' boy. Shut up, don't argue, just do it. Split both with someone, get a sweet tea too and then commence yummy sounds... No dinner convo required,  although a tums might be.
3	For spur of the moment this was an okay. We had the soft shell crab app and it was underwhelming as was the garlic bread. The fries and chicken basket was the best thing but a bit over priced for being in Summerlin, from my perspective. The caesar salad was a bit over dressed but about average. Overall it was all meh.
5	Lola's shrimp and Gouda grits with ragu is still on my last meal menu.
4	If you only order one thing, order the poutine (gravy fries) - usually only available during happy hour, but oh so good! We ate them so fast, I forgot to take a photo!Other recommendations - the roast beef d'brees (featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, one of my fave Food Network shows). Basically a roast beef sandwich smothered in gravy. Can you tell I'm a fan of gravy? LolAlso the Shrimp Charlotte, which was incredible! The sauce was not too rich or heavy, but still very flavorful.
4	Wow!  This place is busy!  I went here for dinner with my wife last Saturday around 6pm and the parking lot was packed.When we got there, we were promptly seated in the back of the restaurant and our drink orders were taken.  My wife god a Sweat Tea and I got a water.  My wife is a connoisseur of Sweet Tea and she was extremely happy with the taste.  It was perfect, she didn't have to add any additional sweetener to it.As an appetizer, we both got a Bowl of Gumbo and a Crab cake.  Crab cake was good.  I don't really like crab cakes but this one was okay.The Gumbo was delicious!  I liked the melody of meats contained therein.  One thing we both noticed that was it very salty.  Almost instantly our heads started to pound, so we both started drinking more to offset the affects of sodium.I was feeling fine after a few minutes and my wife didn't finish her gumbo.  What did I do?  Yep.  I ate hers too. It was soooo good!  But my head almost instantly started pounding again.  So I finished off my second glass of water.Refills here were super quick, even though we were seated in the back.  These servers have hawk eyes and it's much appreciated!For a main course my wife ordered the Catfish.  I ordered the Salmon Grilled with Fries and the Vegetables.Food took a little while to get out, but we were busy with our appetizers and the free bread that they brought out.  The bread was nicely toasted and had a nice buttery flavor to it.When our main courses arrived, my wife instantly loved her catfish.  I tried some as well and it was pretty good.  My plate was grilled salmon with fries and veggies.  The salmon portion was pretty generous.  It was perfectly grilled. Not too dry.  The fries were OH EM GEE good! I have a secret (not now so) love for potatoes and it did not disappoint.  Nice, hot and crispy with the right amount of seasoning.  I almost felt guilty dipping them in ketchup.   The veggies on my plate were an assortment of onions, peppers and mushrooms in some sort of oil.  It was good. I ate it all it was so good!We were stuffed, we couldn't possibly eat anymore.  So what did we do?  We got dessert! :)My wife got Bananas Fosters and I got the Chocolate cake with ice cream.  Her Bananas Fosters once again impressed her and I got a bite of it as well.  It was very pleasant and sweet.  My chocolate cake consisted of what seemed really more like a brownie with a scoop of ice cream on top.  I'm not complaining, it was very delicious and definitely hit the spot!We paid or check and finally left.  The service was great, the ambiance was awesome.  It felt pretty intimate.  The place was clean and thank goodness there is ample parking on all sides of the building!We will definitely start coming here more often now.  Highly recommended to try this place out if you like Southern food!
