4	The cookies this place bakes are like puppy crack to my 11 week old Chihuahua.
5	Every time I come here I can always rely on great customer service and cookies that my little chihuahua LOVES. I think its great there is a place like this that exists. They have a dog happy hour that I have never been to nor taken my dog but I have heard nothing but great things about it. They pet clothes are kind of tacky sometimes but for the most part the toys and treats are what made this place the best.
4	OK. You know you should have eaten before shopping when you enter a dog bakery and it smells so good you want to graze on the biscuits. Seriously. And had they served milk I probably would have sneaked one of the oatmeal apple treats. This bakery also has couture for all types of our canine comrades. My fave would have to be the hyper pink number that says Daddy's Little Bitch. Arf. Arf. Arf. Arf...that's our Schnauzer Emilie piping in with her version of four stars!
1	Not a fan.  I was in the Biltmore yesterday shopping with my dog and decided to go and buy her a few treats.  As I picked out a bag of about 20 baked treats, my total came to be about $3.00.  I did not have any cash on me so I took out my "plastic money" the debt card and they wouldn't take it telling me that I needed to buy a few more things because they have a $5.00 minimum.  What store has a minimum nowadays???  The customer service was also very lack luster.  The dogs of the store employees were jumping on me which I found a bit annoying. Needless to say a store that I used to like, I will no longer be back.  There are so many other great dog stores...
1	This store has set hideous customer service standards! I was lied to about their return policy by an employee and screwed over! They gave me the run around when I asked to speak to a manager...she was conveniently never present and was the "only one who could help me." When giving me the final verdict on my issue, she cowardly had her employees do it for her on the phone (of course not face to face) and could not even call me herself. I highly recommend taking your business to a different pet boutique where quality service matters!
3	I like the store fine enough, my dogs seems to not. He turned his nose up at all the treats we bought. I wish he could yelp too then we would know why ;-{)
3	Cute place. My boyfriend got my dog a bone shaped birthday cake from here with her name on it. Don't worry this is the first and only time we planned on celebrating her birthday like this just for fun. She also got a stuffed Pawda purse and his dog got a stuffed Ferrari car . Great selection of goodies for the dogs. I know it's a little much, but the dogs loved their cake and their toys.   :)
