1	You have to love tow-n-impound places. I'm not sure if my HOA started hating me but I've had to deal with this place twice now, about 14 days apart.While they seem fairly nice, they aren't so nice to your wallet. Their hours are squarely at times when you are working, meanining that when you call them "after hours" they will charge you extra to bring someone "off-duty" to get your car out. What a racket.When I was there the second time someone else had their car towed by Monster as well, only they said Monster just picked their car up in a legal parking spot and hauled it off and never told anyone. While I can't say whether the car was parked legally or not I can say that taking someone's car and telling nobody (mainly the police in this case) seems wrong. To me, that seems like vehicular ransom. The first time they towed at my place I called the police and the police had no record of it being towed. The police called back and said Monster had informed them they were in posession of the car. The second time I didn't call the police so I don't know if they ever informed the police (I already knew who took it so I called them first). I wouldn't doubt if they were into that type of thing honestly.2-stars for being fairly nice. And 1-star if I could confirm that they were into car-ransom schemes.
1	It would appear Monster Towing is operating outside the boundaries of good standing as imposed by the lovely state of AZ.  They are a Limited Liability Company and their license has been flagged as "not in good standing".  A brief check at www.secstates.com followed by Arizona indicates they are not in compliance.  Hmmm.  Anyone comment on the implications?Additionally, and perhaps because of the 24 plus negative BBB complaints, Monster Towing is now "perhaps" operating as Charity Towing...amazing how you can pay someone to sign on as your agent and "true" company ownership slips under the doormat.
1	We were in Tempe near Mill Ave. on 4-13-2013.  We parked in a lot with other parked cars that had no clearly visible tow away zone or no parking signs.  We came back after 40 minutes and the car was gone.  After searching the lot we found a small sign in the back corner in the dark that said it was a tow away zone.  One would have to hunt for this sign, as we can attest.  We retrieved our car the following Monday for 120.00 from Monster Towing.  I have done research on line and discovered that this is a common practice by Monster Towing.  They tow from unsuspecting people who park in what appears to be a safe place because the signs are not clearly visible.  I also discovered that Monster Towing has an F rating from The BBB.  How unfortunate to go to Tempe, spend money to support their economy and get punished with an expensive and inconvenient tow charge.
1	If I could rate these people 0 stars I would. They are absolutely awful. They towed my friends car from the jack in the box parking lot when jack in the box didn't even call them. They are a bs company and the fact that they only accept cash just concretes the fact that they should be shut down as soon as possible.
5	They do their jobs perfectly. They offer prompt and speedy service. My truck was towed within 10 minutes of parking... they seemed to have it to their yard in record time considering I had to fight traffic all the way back... the guy at the yard is a certifiable nut job... told me if I didn't come back to pay the account would go to collections and my ID would end up in the wrong hands....  What else can I say?  They are good at what they do...
1	These guys are the absolute rudest company I have ever seen.  Left me and my kids stranded and then proceeded to mock and make fun of the situation we were in.  Worst customer service.  DON'T EVER USE THIS COMPANY!
1	I have never experienced a company so corrupt. I mean, honestly. I was parked at the Jack in the box on Mill Ave. & was away from my vehicle for 30 minutes & it is unreal that they towed it in that time! I honestly think they had to have been somewhere around watching & waiting or something. That's not a company that's a scam. They dont care if you are a customer of theJack in the box or not, if you step foot off the property, they will swoop in and tow your car away charging you $155 to get it out of their impound yard! I cant imagine that Jack in the box is ok with this, it is scaring off customers! As another yelper mentioned, it is only natural to walk around Mill after you've visited Jack in the box & youre not going to move your car wherever you go! Ridiculous! Not to mention that the guy was a total jerk and completely condescending and had his kid in the tow truck with him the whole time! Way to role model thievery to your child. Unprofessional, scamming, losers! Their company name is well deserved, they are Monsters!
1	These people are complete and utter scam artists. Was parked at the Jack-in-the-Box on Mill Avenue where I stopped in and got a soda and left my car for there for TEN minutes while I went and got a Christmas present for a friend. Come back to find my car towed. Had to pay $135, which is about the money I had set aside for Christmas presents. Looks like none of my family will be getting xmas presents this year. Turns out they have been caught for being criminals before. Check this out:http://www.azcentral.com/business/call12foraction/articles/20130920tow-firm-conduct-questions-call12.html
