3	DISCLAIMER- I normally hate chains and fast food and don't even spend energy on reviewing them. But this particular Dominos deserves a fair 3 star review based on the following-technology- its pretty damn cool you can order and customize your pizza online and then watch a time line of it getting made. Seeing all the options on a screen in front of you really gives you the chance to play around and personalize your pizza. Then there is a little time line that lets you know when the pizza is getting assembled, baked, then ready for pickup.crust- they actually have a pretty tasty crust. Its buttery and garlicky.value- coupons for 7.99 3 topping pizza? I can find change all over my house for that!Are the ingredients of the best quality? Of course not. Is the service amazing? Hell no.But is it A-OK especially for a super lazy night when you are broke? YES!!
4	Ordered online, and estimated time ready was off.  Waited an extra 20 minutes past estimated time.  Pizza and wings were good, cashier was friendly.  Not bad.
5	Ok Dominos you have come a long way!!!   I am SO happy that you have gourmet and gluten free pizza.  I was scared to try it as most gluten free pizzas are not that great.. I ordered the 5 cheese Wisconsin on a gluten free crust and it was awesome.  You make feeding two boys easy.  Thank you..   Oh and I love your online ordering and I signed up and you can see who makes your pizza and what process in creation it is very cool.   Nice job for a chain...
5	We order from this Domino's all the time. They always do a fantastic job with pizza & wings. Their Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich is also really good. Ordering online is super easy & the Domino's Tracker with Pete the Pizza Maker is so nice. Knowing when it will be delivered is extremely helpful -- especially since we have 4 dogs who bark like crazy when the doorbell rings. :)
5	Always love this Dominoe's!!! They deliver super fast and are always super nice! Their new pan pizza is fastly becoming our favorite. Their stuffed cheesy breads are sooo delicious and their chicken bites are yummy too!!  They have defenitly come a long! Keep up the delicious work Big D!!!
1	I just ordered a pizza from this store.  After an hour and a half of waiting, I called in and was told that my pizza was sitting on the stores counter.  The order was placed for delivery and the store manager confirmed this.  When I asked why it hadnt been delivered yet, she stated that they didnt get an apartment number from the online ordering.  I asked why she didnt call, she said she did.  Mind you, neither my husbands or my phone had any missed calls.  I asked if she left a VM, she stated "Its not my job to track down my customers, we are busy".  I asked for the GM, but she refused, I asked for the corporate information, she also refused.  She said she could send out the cold pizza now, I think Ill pass on Dominos, this girls attitude, and cold pizza.
2	I have never had an issue until today with dominos, I recently moved and have only ordered from here once before... We were delivered the wrong pizza out of an order of multiple things... Yet when I called they knew exactly what was happening... I paid almost 50$ including tip... I had ordered extra sauce and extra toppings and paid for the extra... When I received my right order after waiting for a total of almost 2 hours It was anything but "extra"! And nothing was given for the mistake... The manager didn't even apologize...non the less I will not order from this store again. Very rude.
