1	This store was a major disappointment to shop at. Not only was it filthy, but the salesperson was rude and pushy. He tried to sell me a bed that was clearly used, even though he swore it was new. I will never buy from a dishonest store like this.
1	This is a terrible company and each review i see on here is the TRUTH about the way they do business!! I purchased a mattress at their Glendale location i was told it was in stock at the warehouse and i could have it same day by picking it up in Tempe which was ok with me BUT after they got my money i'm told its not available till Tuesday I requested a refund and was refused and then tried to get me to take another mattresswhich i declined since it was not what i purchased so now I have no mattress and they have my money next call is to all the news stations so they can air on tv the way this company does business.
1	DO NOT GO HERE! "Kurly" and Edward are the quintessential  slimy salesman... Treat you perfectly before the sale and tell you everything you want to hear to get you purchase something, then once it's over you're nothing to them and they treat you like itmy wife and I went to buy a mattress and bed frame... After pushy sales tactics, we made a deal for both but the frame wasn't in stock so they had to order it. They told us it would be at the store in two weeks. Two weeks later, it wasn't there. Kurly then tried to charge me extra because it was back ordered and needed to be paid for. I said no and he proceeded to tell me it would be available in one week. One week goes by, I call and neither salesman will get on the phone with me, they never called me back. They said the bed frame wasn't available. Weeks go by and I call almost every other day and they don't get back to me. Finally I go in to the store again and again they tried to charge me more for it and tell me it's back ordered and won't be available until the end of December (it's beginning of November at this point and it's already been weeks)When the frame finally comes in, Kurly and Edward refuse to do the deal for the original price we agreed on. Screw this place, I wish I read reviews before going there
