1	I had such good luck with Sugar's (across the street), I decided to press my luck.  Did you ever watch that show?  I felt like there was a little voice in my head screaming "no whammies" as I walked through the door, and as soon as I did, this little red devil was jumping up and down laughing, knowing I had gone too far.Where the staff at Sugar's is friendly, the staff at Texas Ranch is surly.  They leave the impression that they would rather punch you than serve you, and given the neighborhood you're in, they just might.Though signs on the outside proclaim breakfast specials for a few bucks ($2.75, if I recall), I don't remember seeing them on the menu, and I think I spent close to $6, just for the food.  After a drink, tax and a tip, I was out closer to $10.To make matters worse, the food wasn't that great, it was served only after waiting for a while, and it wasn't exactly what I ordered (my over-medium eggs were scrambled).  I didn't think the staff would be amenable to giving me an updated set of eggs, and I figured the rest of my food would get cold in the process, so I went with it, and my soft drink went empty in the process.It's definitely possible that I hit them on a bad day, but I'd much rather brave traffic to get across the street to Sugar's - or even across the bridge to McDonald's or Wendy's (if they start serving breakfast) than go through that again.
2	Went there for lunch Friday.  It was a pretty bad experience.  When we walked up to the hostess stand, she immediately told us to wait a minute and walked off...When we were seated we waited at a long time for service (the restaurant was nearly empty).  A waitress asked us if we had been waited on, and when we told her no, she said "I wonder if they assigned me this table" and walked off.  We finally got a waitress.  After we had our orders taken, we saw her putting out ketchup bottles, etc. on the tables before she even put our orders in or brought us drinks!!!   The service didn't get any better, we waited a long time, and my food sucked.  Kinda hard to criticize a cheeseburger and fries but I didn't finish them.  I would have loved another napkin and had to finish my burger with my knife and fork because I couldn't wipe my hands.   I didn't leave a tip for probably the second time in my life.
2	The word "saloon " is pretty misleading as they only had 2 beers on tap.I can't say we experienced any meanness from the staff like previous reviewers- everyone was very nice. It was the rest of the clientele that were sketchy and terrifying.It's not a nice/fancy restaurant but it us within walking distance of the many hotels- be sure to bring your pepper spray or concealed carry!Expansive menu from Italian to Greek, even Mexican! I had the chicken fajitas and I was surprised how much I enjoyed them! Portion large enough for 2 meals. My hubby had a burger and he thought it was fine.For 2 of us to eat and have a few beers it was a ridiculously cheap $34While I can't say we will go back we did not have a bad experience.
3	Although the decor could use some updating, the food and service is good... I was appreciative of their late hours, as I arrived a little late in the evening
5	Service was great. We had the catfish and  1/2 roasted chicken.  Catfish had a light breading and got 2 big filets.  Chicken was tender with great seasoning.  Everything came HOT. Good bread too.  Full bar.Returned for breakfast and you will not believe the great prices.  The portions were very big.  I am a big man and could not finish the plate of Ham eggs Hasbrowns and biscuits.  Service was prompt.  Food hot.
