5	This location is smaller than the S Craig St location in terms of seating area, but it has a similar range of flavors and toppings. I gave a five-star review to the S Craig St location, and it applies here as well:"This is basically like a gourmet frozen yogurt buffet- you pick a cup, choose your own flavors (from soft-serve machines), choose your own toppings, and then weigh your cup at the register to get rung up. The process is very quick and easy, the prices are fair, and the result was delicious. I can't really imagine picking another dessert place over this one. "
5	I've never become so addicted to a place so quickly in my life. Fresh, cheap, delicious, full of flavors, with a frequent buyer card - frozen yogurt perfection.One bit of advice - if you have a taster like mine, the tart flavors are far superior to the non-tart. Also, gotta love that the fat-free tastes as great as the fat-full. Finally, get the mochi or mini gummy bears, they are the perfect toppings for an original/taro/raspberry combo cup!
5	oh. my. god. easily the best thing to hit oakland in my 4 years there. open really late so it was always good for a late night snack slash study break. flavors always changing up so in case you THOUGHT for a second you could possibly get bored of all the millions of toppings, think again. very reasonably priced, and sooo good!!!! don't worry dave and andy's lovers, it's a tooootally different experience! many a hot day i had razzy fresh for a whole flippin meal---and it was awesome.
5	The most tasty frozen yogurt I have ever tried. Also, very cheap and worthy (1 massively filled cup=$7 or so.)A bunch of flavors and millions of toppings to choose.Good for any time in a year.Original with chopped strawberries on top is my favorite.
5	Forget Starbucks and forget Caribou. This is the place you want to be when you need to talk with a friend and grab a quick snack in Oakland.  The yogurt is delicious and healthy (if you choose the right one, and they're all very clearly labeled) and the toppings are varied and delicious.And unlike coffee shops they won't give you an ice coffee with two drops of actual coffee and charge you $5. What you see is what you get and even a budget of $3 will take you decently far here.The place is very clean and whoever is at the cashier is always very friendly. I love this place and will keep coming back.
5	I have been to so many frozen yogurt joints and nothing yet has beat razzy fresh - not even Pink Berry. first of all, pink berry is boring because it only has 5 flavor at the most and they're always these cliche chocolate PMSing flavors.  Likewise with other frozen yogurt places - particularly Kiwi.  Razzy fresh has a good balance, half dessert/candy flavors, and half fruity.  I love their fruit flavors.   They have honeydew, lychee, guava, plum, YUM!   Everytime I go back to Pittsburgh I always go back to Razzy.  I live in Philadelphia now and nothing compares.
4	salted caramel corn froyo is good. and they have lichee and taro! nice atmosphere, full of college students, presumably mostly from Pitt.
4	How can I forget about passion fruit? And now they have almond!  I love getting my yogurts (the fruits flavors, plus the almond) with honey and granola.   Be careful about adding fresh fruit on there.  Sometimes they can be really sour when they're not in season!
4	Most yogurt places don't stick out in my mind.  From the outside, this Razzy Fresh didn't appear to be any different.  However, I was happy to see a more fruit-full flavor selection.  Beyond the selection, quality of those flavors were superior to others as well.  I really enjoyed the Passion Fruit and would recommend getting yourself at least a little bit of it to try for yourself...
3	I hate giving a not-so-great review for this place, but I really can only call this place average. After living in California for so long and being spoiled to all the great yogurt places here, this place doesn't really stand out to me. The yogurt is average, although I must say that the tart flavor was pretty good, and there was not the best selection of toppings. The price is still cheap, so it's good on the wallet, and I still think it's a good place to hang out with friends. If you all from Pittsburgh make it out to California, come check out the awesome yogurt here! I must mention something that really brought my rating down: for every two flavors, there's a middle lever that combines the two flavors together. Usually the flavors that are right next to each other are like cheesecake/vanilla or blueberry tart/regular tart, so it's like pure awesomeness. But, I swear at this place there were combos like taro/cookies and cream, or passion fruit/salted caramel (I'm not exactly sure what the combos were but they were weird anyways)!! Yeah, so watch out for those.
4	Such a cute place! I love going here when I have that craving for sweets and I know I can walk into Razzy Fresh without feeling guilty...because yogurt is good for you right? They have so many exotic flavors and fruity/sweet toppings to top off your yogurt with. My number one favorite is taro and I always load up my cup with cheesecake cubes...yummm!!Don't forget to grab a punch card to get your 10th cup of froyo for free!
4	Self-service frozen yogurt with tons of toppings to choose from. You pay by weight, although there are no prices listed.They change out the flavors and have some seasonal type ones too. The frozen yogurt is really delicious and I would highly recommend coming here. Their toppings include fruit, gummy worms/bears, sprinkles, chocolate, sauces, cereal, etc...
5	FUN FUN FUN!  I love the new wave of "self serve frozen yogurt".  Razzy Fresh had a nice selection of flavors and toppings.  The areas were very clean (yogurt stations, topping stations, surfaces and tables).  Love the decor, super fun and unique.  Their prices were reasonable, staff was friendly and staff was helpful.  I also love that they have a punch card reward program!  Only drawback is that it is tough to find a close parking spot.
4	No lie, I love Razzy Fresh.So I docked a star because sometimes the people behind the counter are sort of lacking in personality, as in, they don't even greet you or say hello. But other than that, this place is awesome.What I love about Razzy Fresh is their diversity in flavors. Fiance and I are big dessert fans and I always feel a little bummed when we hit up a froyo place that is heavy on candy toppings and sweet flavors and light to nonexistent on fruit and tart flavors. Bobby likes the former and I like the latter. Razzy Fresh is awesome because they have both. Not only that, but in addition to carrying the classic flavors, you also see things like green tea and salted caramel pretzel. The fruit usually looks fresh and good (the strawberries and raspberries tonight were really delicious!) If you're awesome, you know Taro is the best flavor.Oh, and maybe the best part about them? They're open late. I can't be the only person that gets a hankering for dessert around 10:30pm, right?
5	I adore this place because not only is it really cheap for frozen yogurt but it's also open till midnight everyday. It may seem unnecessary but sometimes you really just crave frozen yogurt super late at night. The flavors are pretty consistent each time I visit along with their selections of toppings. My favorite is that they always have fresh fruit which I love on top of my frozen yogurt. I probably go there more than I should but I'm just addicted.
