4	This place rocks my chain Mary. I would totally give it five stars but I'm forced to go to Arizona Mills. Forced to navigate the mullet filled, stroller strewn and too many freakin' families, halls of this outlet mall. Some people go for java when they shop here. As seen by the sick ass long lines at Starbucks and that Gloria's place. Me? A cocktail or two at The Rainforest (cuz the food there is SO bad) takes the edge off. NOW...my reason for the review...Dolce and Gabanna pants...so sick...so hot. Marked down from $485 to $179. And they fit! It was a pure Carrie Bradshaw/Milona Blanik moment I had in the fitting room. I've accrued other great deals, including a special edition German Puma t-shirt that was $120 and I nabbed for $15. I mean really. $120 for a t-shirt. Honestly. Underwear maybe. But a t-shirt. Oh, best part. I use my Neiman's card and get a 5% discount. Shop on yelpers. Shop on. See ya at the mall....please, leave the strollers at home!!! Oh and I hear a little finger tip of Crown Royal under a toddler's tongue puts them right out. I'm just sayin....
3	I admit it. Last Call is like Indian food. It sounds good, tastes good, but kind of leaves you empty, with variably severe indigestion, and a probable case of morning diarrhea to come. No, for real, I really like coming here. There's a very nice array of items from all sorts of designers, and once in a blue moon there's a jackpot in the form of a recent Chanel bag shipment or stray pair of Louboutins. The catch? The bag is going to be an unwearable color like chartreuse. The heels are a size 5 1/2. The prices are still prohibitive. Now, if I'm going to pay a crazy price for something, I want it to be brand new, shiny and perfect, this season, and exactly what I want. If last season's Seven jeans are $100 here, and the current version is $200, which do you think I'm going to get? Once you reach a certain level of outrageous, $100 doesn't make a lot of difference.So now I reserve Last Call visits for days when I have time to kill and just feel like trying on heaps of crazy dresses. I never buy anything. Ever. And I kind of can't believe anyone does.
4	The NM Last Call does at times have some great finds.  I have been to other NM Last Call stores outside of Phoenix and they do not have the best merchandise.  This store generally has something I can find and be happy wearing.Many of the good finds (e.g. Brioni shirts, Paul Smith, Prada, etc.) come in either small sizes of colors that only a New York based buyer on crack would purchase.  I was able to find Havainas for $6.00 last time I was there alongside a pair of 7 for All jeans for under $25.00.  Not bad.Do not expect a great find every time, but be patient.
1	I had one of the worst shopping experiences last night at NM Last. Very disappointing considering I WAS a loyal fan. Maybe its my fault but I had a return that was less than 60 days old and the Manager at NM Last Call pretty much told me sorry about you luck we have a 30 day return policy. I was very nice to the gentleman explaining that I was trying to exchange my jeans for another pair but there weren't any that fit. Manager was like too bad we can't give you a refund and you are lucky I'm authorizing an exchange because we're not supposed to do that either.Like I said probably my fault that I didn't read the back of my receipt but since when does a store like NM not make the customer happy: I even had my receipt. BAD customer service soooo disappointed and may never go back to NM Last Call because of this. Hopefully someone high up will see this posting and take action. Bad news travels fast.
2	I am an ex Neiman Marcus employee and a life long fan of the company.Maybe my years working there and in customer service in general have built my standards higher than any outlet can live up to.But seriously, whether its an outlet or the full line store, it still has the Neiman Marcus name attached to it. Is it too much to expect the basics of great customer service? Just the basics...Apparently it is.10:45 AM, on a Thursday... Yeah that won't be the busiest of days, but is it really necessary to have only one cashier? And a slow one at that. There were 3 women in front of me each paying separately for a combined total of 7 items.I was in line for 18 minutes. The cashier didn't have enough money in the register to give the woman immediately in front of me $14 change. She paid $40 cash for something that cost $26 and they couldn't give her change? Really??Come one Neiman Marcus. Step it up.
4	Last Call is da bomb....I luv me a discount and Last Call delivers. Unlike say TJ Maxx or The Rack, Neiman's is discounting the truly outrageous. Designers with a Capital D. You will not find Liz Claiborne or Anne Klein ala Marshall's. No.Think Chanel, think Vera Wang-Green Label, D&G, Burberry, Ralph Lauren-Purple Lable.  Also think crazy expensive, marked down. So, yes if the cashmere sweater by Chanel  was $2500, it is now $1400 - come on its a deal, albiet a deal at the Mills!  I come here for career clothes and typically I can find a good pencil skirt by Elie Tahari and a few silk shirts for under a $100.00. Granted, I'm shopping the 30% rack and only on the days that the whole store is 30% on top of it.  Everything is one of a kind - think only one size. The only eggshell blue St. John's cardigan with jewel buttons was in my size and 85% off - $30 smackers and it is exquisite. I look like a million bucks for $30.00.  I drop by a few times a month to check out the deals and usually there are always a few to pick from.  My career wardrobe is growing with some beautiful pieces thanks to NM.
1	I've been to this store over and over again because a friend keeps dragging me along, but have never found anything that tempted me in the least.  Much of the stuff is obviously worn out, damaged, or passed over for a good reason.  This isn't a necessary feature of a "last call" type of store--I just think this particular store is useless.
3	I have to revise my take on this store to "hit or miss" rather than "completely useless."  Now I know this kind of store is by its nature hit or miss, but this is more miss than most. However, when I had a few hits, they were really big. Thus a 3 star conclusion.
2	The overwhelming since of being in a movie came over me as I wandered into last chance...A horror movie or maybe more like MAD MAX where there is no gasoline left and these crazy blood thirsty savages are driving around cars with peoples heads and body parts mounted to the frames. Except instead of gasoline it was labels and name brands  and instead cars it was shopping carts and instead of blood thirsty savages it was...oh that was the same! Holy Cow! I can appreciate a good deal as much as the next person, but there is an overwhelming since of potential physical violence as you watch the attendants try and hold back the mobs while they reload the clothing racks. It really should be some sort of social experiment about the effects of materialism. Im not normally a two star kind of girl, but this visit left me scarred.
4	This is really the only reason I venture to the Mills mall.  The home furnishings, the handbags, the jewelry, the clothes, oh my!  I came here recently in search of a cocktail dress and although I couldn't find anything I liked, they were having a 35% off sale so I scored some Father's Day loot.  I can always find something great here.  One star off for always looking dirty and disheveled - I know you're a Last Call at the Mills but you're still a Neiman Marcus.
1	How does this place stay in business? Dirty ripped clothes, worn shoes, handbags with old supermarket receipts and gum rappers inside. What in the world? People ship here? I have donated stuff in way better condition. I felt dirty coming out of there. Gross.
1	Ugh!  Disgusting.  Last Call is the pits.  I am a huge fan the Neiman Marcus department store at Scottsdale Fashion, but this Arizona Mills hand-me-down location is wretched.  The merchandise in general is broken or dirty and haphazardly strewn around in each department.To give you an example, you might be delighted to see Manolo Blahnik or Jimmy Choo in the shoe section, but be warned: the shoes are still $500 and obviously used or mission beads on the design of the shoe.  So really, whats the point?I feel like a lot of the merchandise found here is belongs in the garbage, not at a location bearing the name of a high-end department store.As for customer service, the last time I visited this store I hovered over the jewelry counter for a good couple of minutes and the sales associate never once asked if I need help.
