2	I am here visiting from out of town and after a day of shopping we stopped at the Metro Center Mall Food Court.  I think this restaurant must've recently opened because I didn't notice it when I was visiting last year.  I love catfish and so decided to give it a try.  As I walked up to it,  I first noticed that from a distance it looks nice (nice sign is what attracted me) but as I approached I saw it was very barren looking.  It really didn't look appealing at all.  The girl at the cash register had samples and so I had one and it was good so I ordered a 6 piece catfish meal with a side of onion rings and cole slaw.  I asked about the cole slaw and the girl behind the counter said it was "really good".  I placed my order.  I attempted to pay but there was a problem with the cash register so she went in back to get someone to help her and a young man came out.  He looked like he was the cook.  He punched some keys on they register and showed her what was wrong and then went to the back.  First thing I noticed was that he used the register keys and didn't have gloves on.  Anyway, I paid and she said it would be ready in 10 minutes.  After about 5 minutes I walked up and my order was ready.  First of all, the cole slaw is so sweet.  It is not "really good".  It has too much slaw sauce on it.  Much too sweet.  The onion rings tasted good.  The catfish was really and I mean really deep fried.  It didn't taste exactly like the sample I had tasted at the counter.  I couldn't really taste the catfish, just the deep fried batter.  The red dip that came with it was just extremely hot.  I don't know what it was but it didn't help the flavor of the catfish.  But I was hungry so I ate the catfish.  Here's what really made me angry and caused me to write this review though:  When I was down to the last two pieces of fish I noticed the styrofoam underneath it was eaten away.  I realized that they must've set the very hot fish directly in the styrofoam tray and it had melted the styrofoam and I had eaten it!!!  I just thought how could someone be so unaware that this could happen??I don't really want this place to close as I think the catfish idea is a good one.  It wouldn't take much to spruce the place up.  Train the employees and make sure they know how to be friendly to the customers. Teach them customer service.   Get rid of the styrofoam or use paper.  They could have also asked me if I was going to eat there or take it as they could save money on plastic bags by not using them for every order.  People order their food, walk 15 feet away and throw the bag in the garbage.  You need a plastic bag for this?  Lot's of unconscious thinking going on at this place.  If no changes are made, I will really be surprised if they are still in business when I visit Arizona again next year.POSTSCRIPT:  A reviewer reminded me that not everyone's food preferences are the same so as to my stating the coleslaw was too sweet, let me say that even though I might have thought it was too sweet, others might not think so and may actually prefer it this way.  So, disregard my statement about the coleslaw.
4	GOOD FISH-Was actually going to eat at a sandwich from the spot next to Charlie D's when my husband and I got to talking to one another about the fish if we thought it would be good or what not-We have seen this place a couple of times and always frowned our noses up at the place-Well good thing this time we actually decided to give it a try-AMAZINGLY GOOD-We had the catfish with fries and the red beans and rice-Even though I was not impressed with the red beans and rice my husband loved it. The homemade hot sauce was REALLY GOOD-The reason for 4 stars is because we haven't tasted anything else on the menu but I am sure it is going to be GOOD as well.
5	Update.  Closed after only a month.  (sigh)Charlie D, I think that catfish you served me never worked a day in its life.  How else could it be so juicy and melt in your mouth tender?  You coated it with a crispy breaded shell and served it up with the HOT hot sauce, mmmmm.  I don't know what other magic you've got going in the kitchen but I aim to find out real soon with a plate of chicken and waffles.Downtown convention goers, when you get tired of walking around, looking at all the pretty lights and eating at chain restaurants, hop on the light rail going east and hop off at 12th street, the first stop east of downtown.  Cross the street and you are at Charlie D's where you can get yourself some local hospitality and homemade comfort food before going back to your meetings.  Open for lunch and early dinner at present, I noticed they have some lunch specials if you are on a tight schedule.  Just for fun, take a peek at the iconic barbershop in the same building before you depart.
5	AMAZING (fried) CATFISH, WTH???    I don't like fried food much, and I don't really like fried fish, like fish and chips - ugh, not my thing.  This is DIFFERENT, it was light and fluffy, delicious breaded coating that was crispy and had flavor, not greasy.  "Juicy and melt in the mouth tender" as DinerGirl says, and LOVE THE HOT SAUCE, so glad my fellow Yelpers told me to use it!Nice big patio out front with tables to watch the light rail zoom by, nice big parking lot out back.  Wish Charlie and his wife (who are really NICE people, by the way) would relocate to the east side, as we almost never venture to their part of town, darn it!
5	Soooo good you need to try the catfish here! Charlie is nice enough to give you a sample with his secret sauce =d not a lot of people were in side. Next time I will order ahead of time for pick up.
5	Charlie D's has great catfish!  The portions are really big, and everything is perfectly fried.  There are a variety of sides to choose from.  I am used to eating fries and coleslaw with my catfish, and they were both very good.  I also enjoyed an order of hushpuppies.  My only complaint would be that there is no fountain and only cans of soda.  That is pretty minor though.Charlie D was very friendly.  There weren't many people in the restaurant when we went in, so Charlie chatted with us for a few minutes about the food, weather, and Arizona.  I will definitely go back the next time I am in the area.
3	Sad to stay. This location is closed
4	The cat fish taste great, wish you guys weren't out of red beans and rice , and potato salad :( next time:) updated
