2	If you watch any sort of home improvement or remodeling show, you have surely seen Lumber Liquidators.  I think instead of traditional advertising they just go for product placement, offering free stuff for these shows.  It must work, because I remembered to check them out when it came time to look for flooring.Of course, they really only have wood floors (hardwood, laminate) and we needed carpet and vinyl as well, but we did decide to check.  We weren't impressed with much of anything.  The staff is nice enough, and the prices are okay, but everything looked really cheap.  I would rather go to a big box store than check this place again.
1	I walked into this location back in June and made a purchase of nice 3/4" teak flooring for about 2000 square feet of a new residence.  The sales guys and manager were tops,  hard core sales guys working to close the deal.  I'd hire the manager,  he was just that good at closing the deal.These guys told me it would take 90 days to receive the product as it was in high demand (seemed plausible,  it's teak and a bunch of it) and I warned them it might take me up to a month longer to take delivery if things didnt move along on my project.  They had no issue of course and showed me their policies in writing on that topic.  Next we moved to their installation services, where I got the square footage from.. I asked plainly,  what happens if you're over by more than a couple boxes of product.. No problem, at worst if its over 30 days we may have to charge you a 20% restock fee (also in writing).Jump forward 30 days..  I start to receive calls that the order is in... The guy calling is new,  seems the manager has been fired when I ask to talk to the guys I worked with.. I warn them I am at least 45 days out from being able to install. One week later, more calls.. I remind them again.. I'm a ways out.At the end of the month a fellow named Adam rings up and is very terse.  He goes on and on about how they are not a warehouse,  and that if I couldnt take delivery,  he'd have to sell the product on to another customer.. Ok fair.. Right?  Not really, I full prepaid this order to get the best deal out of the sales guy!  (I used my Amex.. so not worried about a refund/risk on the purchase)   This guy STILL insists he's selling the product if I dont take delivery,  until I outright direct him to do so -- and ask when my refund would be forthcoming.  That shuts him down.Delivery occurs shortly after.  And installation is scheduled... But.. Their installer can't install for 4 weeks due to the product needing to aclimate to the delivery environment.. Ok,  that makes sense..Installation goes off without a hitch.  Good install no problems..  But.. Theres 12.. yes,  12.. boxes of product left!  This is nearly 400 square feet of material.  So,  I call the store, and ask for help -- just like the policy and original manager said I could.  It was, afterall their installer so surely things will go well here right?Adam answers.  The same fellow that called me on the delivery.  I give him the details,  he's clearly very rushed and frustrated once I mentioned the word refund (ok, understandable),  he jumps in immediately and tells me about the order.. how long they had it .. and I again ask for help.. I recount the policy in writing,  30 days or 20% on approved refund.  He emphasizes approved.  I ask for some kind of help,  anything you can do..  The guys told me one thing you are telling me another and ask if theres a manager tehre that can help me out..  He is the manager!  He begins to yell,  and goes into how people that sold me the product are no longer there for just this reason, breaking corporate policy,  and that it is my problem or the installers problem!  I reminded him he booked the installer... and its under their brand.  I did place a call to the corporate headquarters on this which, after a few weeks of back and forth,  simply requested return approval back from the same guy that was representing their brand in a less than stellar way. Buyer beware.  What you see in the marketing and sadly, what is represented when you buy from the people at the counter,  is not necessarily the result you may receive.  At least I did receive quality product,  a respectable installation,  but as a result of the overage in product I did pay substantially more than the independant local company I quoted would have charged - for product milled in the US.  So.. To sum up.. I paid more for the total install,  for "Virgina Mills" product that is in fact milled in China,  and am stuck with several hundred pounds of material I have no use for.
1	Don't use their installer excel! They stained my stairs an incorrect color and was not noticed until after installation and they were paid. Their response you can get a kit at lowes for 60 and stain it yourself. I couldn't make that up if I tried.
1	LL would not take back their own product within 30days without a  20%  restocking fee.I purchased the product because their website stated that no underlayment was need for installation; however once I purchased the product (and it was too late to return without restocking fee)  I found out that an underlayment was needed, costing almost 50% more to complete work. What a scam!!!I will find another supplier for future projects due to their poor customer service and misleading website information regarding product installation.It would be nice to have a company work with you and not against you or at least own up to their own mistakes!!!
