5	I used to consult for a Vegas telecom business, and each and every time I went I would beg my clients to go to the Cracked Egg with me.  Situated at the Flynn Gallagher plaza next to Starbucks, this little gem of a place serves up the best Eggs Benedict ever - I usually get mine with Avocado and Tomato because I'm a bleeding-heart vegetarian, and they are so divine.  I actually sit on the plane ride there and daydream the whole time (and salivate, too) about what I'm going to inhale at this charming little nook.  This client of mine hired other consultants, too, who flew in from various places as Denver and New Jersey and Texas, and we all agreed that we would somehow conspire to conjure up a reason to have a business breakfast/lunch at the Cracked Egg.
4	My cousin in Vegas has taken me here a couple times when I was in town and the Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs is da bomb.  Super tasty breakfast dishes here.  Check it out the next time you're in the area.
4	Being a big fan of breakfast, more-so of eggs I drove across town and sat down to a late breakfast. Although there were people waiting I was promptly seated as I was only a party of one. As far as the food is concerned, their hashbrowns are lightly browned, not overcooked. Their eggs were to order and seasoned in the right fashion. A few notable items on their menu is the monte cristo which is a battered sandwich with cheese and ham. The eggs benedict's are a sure heart attack full of flavor waiting to be savored. Egg sandwiches, biscuits and gravy and specialty pancakes are also a must here. If your feeling for something light, the fresh fruit is very fresh and ripe for the asking.This place also does lunch serving breakfast and lunchtime sandwiches.
4	Right down the street from my brothers spot.  Good Breakfast."Synthetic ambiance".It'll be years before flavor meets flavor here.Know what I mean?Just imagine if Pork Store Cafe was serving food in a newly builtoffice with booths.It just wouldn't be the same.3.5 stars, rounded up because the digestibles were crackin.
3	Well being a new resident of North Las Vegas from San Francisco, drove around and stumbled onto the Cracked Egg.Party of 1, sat at the counter, order came right up. Not bad for a Sunday at 11:00am. I had an El Vaquero. Yum. Good portions, well prepared, everybody was nice.I'll be back.Only eye raising moment, noticed the 10+ child booster chairs. (loss of 1 star)Must get LOUD at times. This day, not even a Cell Phone conversation. (Thank You very much!)It was a couple of dollars more than I'd thought. But I'm finding that everywhere here. Not what it was years ago. But what is?
4	This is one of my alltime favorite breakfast joints. I don't know why. The food isn't that spectacular. I think its the creativity of the items and large menu selection that sticks me. There's also two vegetarian items that are really good: The Veggie Benny (vegetarian eggs benedict) and the Veggie Croissant (with garlic mayo so good, make me wanna slap yo momma). They're prices are a little steep, being a breakfast place in Summerlin. And they get totally hammered during prime breakfast hours, so I'd recommend going sub primetime. They have indoor and uncovered outdoor seating. Get the coffee cake. The Kickin' Potatoes (their spunked-up version of potatas bravas) are supposed to be a signature item ... they a'ight. * off the strip, non-casino
4	Solid.  I love breakfast, so I liked this place.  Good coffee cake, excellent skillet breakfast.  Good service and nice atmosphere.  I like the sign that says "Unattended children will be given an espresso and a puppy".:)
3	I've been here twice for breakfast. The portions are nice but the prices are a little high. The first time I went I had the eggs benedict, which would have been wonderful if it weren't for the mysterious piece of gristle in my ham. They serve the eggs on a very thick slice of ham, which had a really smooth smoky flavor.The home fries are delicious! The second time I went was on a Saturday morning, which meant waiting for 45 minutes for a table. That time I ordered the chicken fried steak, which was very satisfying. It was a large piece of steak and had the nice crispy crust that I like. The gravy was rich and smooth, not chalky like some tend to be. My Mother-in-law ordered the french toast and loved it. I really like this place, it's just too long of a wait and a little overpriced.
5	Great breakfast dishes and friendly and helpful servers.What more do you need in an egg restaurant?I highly recommend the Veggie Eggs Benedict. It's delicious!
2	The service here is friendly and the atmosphere is pleasant.  The prices are a little steep for just breakfast foods, even if they have special ingredients that you can't necessarily get at say IHOP.  The portions are good.  There were alot of families eating here when I went on a weekday morning, and there was a steady flow of people in and out.  My boyfriend had blueberry pancakes, and he said they were ok- nothing special.  I had an omelet and they didn't skimp on any of the ingredients.  Would come back, but not anytime soon.
5	This place is awesome.  From the coffee cake to the way everything is cooked really well.  Is the food as good as a place like Bouchon at the Venetian?  No...but for the price it's as good as you'll get in Las Vegas.  The pancakes are nice and fluffy without the pasty feel and floury taste you get at other places.  French toast has a nice crispy outside and fluffy inside.  Omelettes and eggs are cooked really well.  Sausage and bacon are really flavorful...not just salty.If I didn't end up eating so much there I'd go more.  Highly recommended.
5	i love the whole wheat pancakes...they have a delicious cinnamon flavor to them.  they're best with bananas baked in!  i also love that you can order just one if you want; and that you can get a side of straight berries.  there's usually a wait, which is the only bummer, but it's worth it.  and once you sit down, they don't rush you, which is nice.
3	Good breakfast food, and the menu is pretty large.I ordered a scramble (Joe's Scramble I think) and after half the plate I was stuffed. I really enjoyed the diced seasoned potatoes that came along side it. There was a ton of cheese on top of the scramble, and I love cheese so no complaints here...for some people it might be too much though.Alot of the scrambles are pretty similar when you read the menu, nothing that really jumps out at you, but you can build your own if you want. There was a 10 minute wait when we stopped in for breakfast on a holiday and service was a little slow. Pricing is moderate, maybe about 10 a person with a drink if you get a solid breakfast. The interior is as expected for a small breakfast joint, but some of the signs are pretty funny so the place has got a little bit a charm. Will return because it's close to the house, going to try the eggs benedict and update!
5	Found this place through yelp when I wanted a unique breakfast away from the tourists and chain restaurants. Comments were noting the high prices but I found they were generally several dollars cheaper than the IHOP breakfast I had the day before. This was the most unique and best tasting breakfast I've had in a long, long time. I walked away very full and completely satisfied. I will be visiting again on my next trip to Las Vegas.
4	I went here during lunch on a Saturday. I ordered the North Shore Scramble and my friend ordered the Eggs Benedict. I was impressed with both. The North Shore Scramble has bacon, chicken and a topping of swiss cheese. Half an avocado caps it all off. Also, make sure to try the coffee cake. It is very good.
4	My regular breakfast place when I'm visiting. It gets really busy on the weekends, but worth the wait.
5	Great as always. A staple in my Vegas trips.
5	Love this breakfast place, service is good, food is great, servers are really nice, have come to know some of them from my freqent visits.  Also been to the one on rainbow, same thing, very consistent.
4	So, other than the HUGE scrambles that I have consumed, with copious shredded cheese toppings; I have also grown a heart for the Cracked Egg's Eggs Benedict. Maybe I should say grow an additional stomach instead...The eggs were cooked how I like em, which is a little runny. The english muffin wasn't too chewy, and that ham was sliced so thick and so salty. The sauce was good, a little lemony, but I love lemon so no complaints from me. Good stuff!I still wish the prices were a little cheaper, we are all so used to a cheap Denny's breakfast that we think 10 bucks should get us a killer breakfast...and it does...at the Cracked Egg.
2	What is with the residents of Las Vegas? Do they actually LIKE to pay good money for a mediocre Breakfast? On the menu...Joe's Scramble (** $9.75) Three Eggs scrambled with seasoned Ground Beef, Spinach, Cream Cheese, Scallions, and Jack and Cheddar Cheese.Before arriving here, I performed my due diligence and read the many positive reviews on Yelp, and how the Scrambles were described as "HUGE" (not my description...) or "Hearty". I was really disappointed when I saw my "Joe's Scramble" heading towards me... The Scramble part of the meal only took up a third of the eight inch plate... the rest of the space taken up by what the restaurant described as Seasoned Potatoes... and, BTW, the portion of Potatoes were not HUGE, either. I always felt that a restaurant should name an Entree what the primary flavor that the Diner would taste first... and in this particular case... it's the huge amount of Cheese that is layered over the Scramble. A LOT of Jack and Cheddar. This entree is a Cheese Scramble, for sure.It would take a Forensic Scientist to even find the Ground Beef or the Spinach! And in this particular entree... I really felt that the meat was not all Ground Beef... Tasted like Beef and some other kind of meat.The Country Potatoes (*** 1/2) was pretty good, but very small portions. Do you know how a Scrabble (the word game) Tile is shaped? That's the size of each chopped Potato with Seasoned Salt added during frying.Coffee Cake (*** included with meal) Very sweet... But, I have to ask... When did a Coffee Cake have a Jelly Filling?  This really surprised me... never, ever had a Jelly filled Coffee Cake before.Coffee (*** 1/2 $2.00) Unlimited re-fills.And then... I received the Bill... Over $41... My mouth dropped in amazement! I looked at what I ordered... the two people that accompanied me (my youngest son and his future father-in-law) and what they ordered. With the tip included... this is as close to a $50 meal as you can get! And, take my word, this is NOT a $50 buck meal! No way, no how!I asked my youngest, who ordered the Homemade Ground Beef Hash ($10.95) how he liked his Breakfast... He said the Mary Kitchen Hash found at Supermarkets was better than Hash in his meal (and, BTW, he's a Chef!). His comments are not part of the eventual rating...The Future In-Law had The Cracked Croissant ($10.25)... No comments from that side of the family... I stated that the next time he would visit the "Big Valley", that I'd take him to some 5-Star Breakfast places vastly superior to the Cracked Egg... and some that served authentic Joe's Specials. For the rest of you... just search my reviews for Joe's Specials...Apologies to present and future Family Members for dragging them here...To aid this restaurant... here is a recipe for Joe's Special I researched on the Internet... notice how much MORE Beef there is... and the amount of Spinach... hint, hint..Joe's Special2T Olive or Vegetable Oil2lb lean Ground Beef2 medium Onions, finely chopped2 Garlic Cloves, finely minced1/2lb sliced mushrooms1 1/4t Salt1/4t ground Nutmeg1/4t dry Oregano1/4t Pepper1/2lb Spinach, rinsed, stems removed, and leaves chopped (about 4 cups)4-6 lg Eggs, lightly beaten1 Heat oil in a wide frying pan over high heat. Crumble in beef and cook, stirring often, until browned. Drain excess fat.2 Add onions, garlic and mushrooms; reduce heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are softened, about 5 minutes.3 Stir in salt, nutmeg, pepper, oregano and spinach; cook for about 5 more minutes. Add eggs. Reduce heat to low and cook, stirring constantly, just until eggs are softly set. Now... I ask you... doesn't this read good?
4	I love this place for a good sit-down breakfast with my friends, if not for the fresh cupcake-like texture of the frosted coffee cake.   They're kind enough to make it the first course, and by the time you've devoured it down your ample-portioned meal you ordered will be ready.  Seriously, two people could split an omelette or a scramble and get by peachy.  But be sure to order two coffee cakes, don't break up a relationship like that!
5	You walk in this joint and think you are going to have to wait forever as it is not a very big place, but probably because the service is quick and food comes out fast the turn over is not as long as it looks.  The skillet breakfasts are the best.  I had the veggie skillet and got it over tomatoes rather than the potatoes and it was great.  Enjoy!
2	When we walked in we were greeted by a hostess with the personality of a rock. The server was nice but the only time we saw her was when she took our order and gave us our food. If she had returned she would have known that the coffee cake she gave us was heated to the point that both my partner and I burned the tops of our mouths on it. The food was OK, nothing to really write home about. I had their "Homemade Corned Beef Hash". As the stars describe it "Meh, I've experienced better." I have actually had better food at the Cracked Egg up on Ann Rd. I think I'll stick to that one.
4	I love this little gem. The breakfast menu is so good. I love all the choices and imagination here. So many places do a same ole same ole approach to the most important meal of the day, but the folks at the Cracked Egg start the day off right with fresh made coffee cake and Delicious dished that will elate your palate. I love you Cracked egg. Now gimme a little of that sugar.
3	It's sorta like Denny's but the menu was more creative... and they had real orange juice.I wouldn't mind going back again but it will be a while before that happens.
4	2 locations, amazing breakfast choices, what more could you ask for? Oh wait, and they offer lunch options too? Whenever I have friends in town or I can't get a girl to leave the morning after I make sure to take them to the Cracked Egg. I think the employees may be on to me based on the disheveled appearances of my guests during breakfast.Right, I forgot there's actually food here too. The banana walnut pancakes are basically the nuts and their fresh fruit plate is ACTUALLY fresh fruit unlike most breakfast places. I approve of everything the Cracked Egg does including their reasonable prices and friendly wait staff.
4	I am Gluten intolerant, so eating out is very limiting. I was so pleased to see a note on Cracked Egg's dry erase board that said to ask about their gluten free options. I began to squeal and jump up and down when they handed me an ENTIRE gluten fee menu to choose from!!!  I got the garden omelet and it was delicious. They also offer gluten free pancakes!!   The only thing I hope they get in the future is gluten free bread so that I can enjoy some toast or one of their yummy sandwiches.  :)Thank you Cracked Egg!!!
4	One of my all-time fave places for breakfast! Have never been disappointed by anything I have tasted! I had the potato skillet with chili on top. Yummy! I have tried several of the omelets & scrambles but my fave choices are the skillets.  Service is usually pretty good even when they are crowded.
5	This is one of my first and favorite breakfast places to eat in Vegas. I was in the neighborhood so I decided to stop by. I ordered my usual the Northshore Scramble which has tomatoes, grilled onions, bacon, Jack and Cheddar cheese, with sour cream on  top. It came with seasoned potatoes and I ordered avocado on the side. It was good as always especially on top of the buttered sourdough bread. The seasoned potatoes also had a good flavor and they were not salty. My husband ordered a Tuna Salad sandwich with a side of fries. They accidentally gave him fresh fruit but when they found out their mistake they also gave him  his fries. I had a bite of the sandwich and the tuna was really good it had a "zing" to the taste. I like the location of this Cracked Egg because it's inside a little mini food court that has a Starbucks, Subway, Gyro, and Pizza place. It has something for everyone just in case you are with people with different tastes you can all eat together in their outdoor seating area.
3	First, let me say the menu -- wow! Plenty of variety for breakfast. I ordered eggs, turkey sausage, fruit instead of potatoes.  I asked for the homemade coffee cake in a to-go box and toted it to a colleague who loves it.  Healthy options abound and you get a lot of value. But $2.75 for a small side of sliced avocado. Really? Seemed a bit nutty to me when extra veggies for omelettes are far less.
3	Service and food were just alright. Prefer the Original Pancake house for taste. Price is about the same.
5	We've been coming to the Cracked Egg for over two years now.  When my Son was in Middle School, we'd have a weekly Father/Son Breakfast on Monday mornings....eat great food, read the WSJ, and talk about whatever.  Since he had today off of school, we decided to go this morning.  We walked in and noticed a sign that said "Ask About Our Gluten Free Menu"....FYI for those of you that look for that menu.  The restaurant is casual and has indoor and outdoor seating.  There's counter seating too, if you're dining alone and feel more comfortable at a counter.I ordered the Bacon Cheeseburger Skillet (Ground Beef, Cheddar Cheese, Bacon, Seasoned Potatoes, 2 Eggs) $9.25 w/Sourdough Toast.  Kiddo ordered a Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs w/Sourdough Toast.....and Mom ordered the Turkey Sausage, Eggs, and Coffee Cake.....The Better Half (TBH) was the smart one and passed on Breakfast to go to her Pilates & Yoga classes while we consumed enough calories to start a Forest Fire.After a short wait our food was ready and brought out to the table.....it was just as I remembered.....big portions, and cooked just right. (see pics)  I had my Eggs over medium....they laid gently over the Bacon Cheeseburger and Seasoned Potatoes....I dove right in.  I'm a big fan of having the right proportion of food and they get it right here.....there's enough of each ingredient to be able to taste each flavor without overwhelming the taste buds with a single item.  The Eggs were made perfectly with the Yolk still runny but the whites cooked all the way through.  I added some Gringo Bandito Hot Sauce and devoured the entire dish!Mom and Kiddo enjoyed their meal too....but needed a doggy bag to bring some of it home.  I wish I had their appetite....glad I hit the gym early this morning.As usual, the service is great....friendly servers, kept our cup of Joe and glasses of Water full.  Another bonus is that they have a dining rewards club where you earn points for eating there and they send you offers in the mail for discounts off meals....we were redeeming a $8.00 coupon today....score!This is hands down my favorite Breakfast spot in Vegas.Will I return?  You can count on it!
4	No wonder this place was voted Best in Vegas! The breakfast was very yummy! If you do want something other then breakfast, their salads are huge! The place gets pretty busy so expect a little bit of a wait.If you go with the breakfast, here is a good tip get the coffee cake it is very good!
4	Service was friendly but the eggs Benedict is really what will have you coming back for more!
4	You wake up some time between 8am and 10am, ready to get your weekend started. You're a Las Vegas resident. You live off the strip. It's time to get some grub. Where do you go? The Cracked Egg is your only thought. That's right folks, The Cracked Egg presents hearty, diner-style food at reasonable prices. Sure, you might not have unlimited champagne, bloody mary's or mimosas... but the flavor of the food here can't be beat. My party of 4 was thoroughly pleased... I had the special, which was some sort of grilled chicken with spinach and mushrooms and cheese on sourdough bread. The chicken was succulent, not overdone but not underdone. The sourdough was toasty and firm (not soggy from sitting too long). The mushrooms and spinach tasted fresh and coupled with the cheese provided a great flavor/texture contract. My dad had the South Shore omelette... he actually finished everything. That's a good sign for him. Other diners had the Carnitas Omelette and Eggs Benedict. 4 thumbs up from them. Service was great, never had to ask for more coffee or water. Atmosphere isn't sexy or trend-setting, but comfortable and fitting. The bill was reasonable... about what you'd expect from any diner in the country. I'd definitely go there again!
5	Huuge fan of the Cracked Egg!  I've gone on weekend and weekday mornings.  Weekday mornings aren't too bad, but weekend days can have quite the wait sometimes (30-40 mins).  I either get the California omelette or the mexican skillet, depending on my mood.  Both are just too delicious.  I love their seasonsed potatoes!  Their portions are more than enough for me, unless I'm absolutely starving.  This is so much better than your Dennys and IHOPs.  Fresh and a wide variety of food, and the prices aren't bad at all.  The toast always has plenty of butter, and their coffee cake is yummy as well.  I've been here more than I count, and it never gets old.
5	This is THE BEST breakfast restaurant in Las Vegas hands down. The food is wonderful and the service is impeccable. Our favorite servers are Aurelia and Alfredo. They are great! We go there so often that when my husband and I arrive they have two diet cokes at our table before we even order. Can't beat that!
4	If I could give it 4.5 stars, I would. I liked it much better than Egg and I in terms of atmosphere and food quality, but I reserve by 5 stars for the mind-blowing.We did go on a weekend, so I knew there would be a wait -- and there was. It was a bit longer than the 10 minutes the hostess suggested -- almost 20, but we managed to get a seat and it wasn't a big deal.I ordered eggs benedict, as I always do on my first run in a new breakfast spot and I wasn't disappointed. Of the places I've tried so far in Vegas, this was the best eggs benny I'd had... even better the Wynn's buffet.The service was cordial, but not overly fussy. The coffee was good and even though we were seated by the bathroom/kitchen area, it wasn't really a bother. Someone's got to sit there, right?Of the places I've been thus far, this would be my first choice when picking a breakfast spot. Looking forward to going back and trying some of their delicious-sounding omelettes.
4	i been going to this place for almost 3 years.. an i always get the steak an eggs.. soo good... a great place to bring ur family too... it gets pack on weekends but it worth waiting..
5	Took my Mom to breakfast on NYE morning.  It was 10:30 am and the place was packed!  We placed our name on the wait list and were seated after a short 10 minute wait.I was torn between the Short Stack Multi-grain Pancakes or the Raspberry Cream Cheese filled French Toast.  I decided on the Raspberry French Toast ($9.25).  Mom ordered a Hamburger ($7.35).After a short wait our food was ready.  I forgot how large the portions are....my Raspberry French Toast was enough to feed 2 people!  That's coming from a guy who can eat a lot! (see pics)The French Toast was dusted with Powdered Sugar and had fresh Raspberries on top in addition to the Raspberry flavored Cream Cheese in the middle (see pics).  I put a little Syrup on the first bite.....yum!  It tasted sooo good!  As a matter of fact, I didn't need the Syrup because it tasted just fine without it.  I didn't use much Syrup for the rest of the dish.  There was so much food I couldn't finish my plate.Mom enjoyed her Hamburger but thought her Seasoned Fries were too Salty.  I tried a few....they tasted good to me, but I could see how she felt they were too Salty.  I don't mind a lot of Salt.Overall it was another great meal @ the Cracked Egg.Will I return?  You bet!
3	Headed there this Sunday morning...Busy as usual.  We were told 15 min wait but it was more like 1/2 an hour.  This morning my hubby ordered the veggie skillet (seasoned potatoes, shrooms, broccoli, spinach & tomatoes , eggs) & added corned beef.  I had the California Omelette (avocado, bacon & jack cheese) with the skillet potatoes.  My omelette was fine.  The bacon inside was not cut up causing it to be a bit more difficult to bite into without taking half the bacon in a single bite!The potatoes were perfect-no grease what so ever! My hubby was pleased with his skillet but was slightly disappointed that it took forever to get his coffee (which is not worth the $2.00 price). Given how busy the place was, service was good (even with the lag in coffee).  We also had an $8.00 coupon sent to us by that Cracked Egg making it a good deal.  Withoout the coupon I doubt we would make a special trip out there any time too soon.
5	Mom and I stopped in to my favorite breakfast joint on the way to the airport.  I decided to try something I haven't tried before, so I went with the Peanut Butter & Cream Cheese stuffed French Toast w/Bananas.After a short wait, our oder came out.....their portions are enough to feed two people!  I wish they offered a 1/2 order.  Oh well, I did my best to finish this thing, but it proved to be too much for me.  The combination of Peanut Butter and Cream Cheese was awesome!  It was so good I didn't need any Syrup or Butter added to it.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/74pWjFssgqyhaVg-YCUo3A?select=sJ_90yVfA6dYgPpZs5qXQgAnother great breakfast experience!Return Factor - 100%
5	OMG!!!!!!!!! If you give this place anything less then 4 stars then you need your head checked. Unless there was a bug or hair or some other foreign object in your food, or the service was completely rude or terrible, then you've got NOTHING to complain about. Banana walnut pancakes are incredible.
3	The egg-themed breakfast joints in Vegas tend to blend together after a while, and while the Cracked Egg is very good, there's nothing terribly distinctive about it either.We came on a Saturday morning about 10 a.m., so it was prime time, but despite that, we were seated within five minutes. The service was great, with someone taking our drink orders right away and the waitress following up soon thereafter. The menu covers the basics -- omelets, scrambles, skillets and griddle items -- with everything customizable to your liking.Our drinks came out promptly, and so did the coffee cake that came with my girlfriend's scramble. You'll read about this coffee cake in other Yelpers' reviews, and with good reason: It's warm, soft, slightly gooey, and positively designed to make you crave coffee, as good coffee cake should.The rest of our food was made perfectly to order, and while not the greatest food ever, definitely solid. The seasoned potatoes could have been a bit more seasoned, but then again, I compare all to the Egg & I's potatoes, so ... sorry, Cracked Egg. ;) Our water and coffee were kept filled and our check came promptly.Because I live on the opposite side of the valley from the Cracked Egg, I probably wouldn't seek it out again (as other comparable venues such as Eggworks are closer), but if I was in the neighborhood one morning? Sure!
5	Never a bad dinning experience here, like the menu. The staff always prompt and friendly.
4	We drove all the way out here to try Babycakes not knowing they'd have an excruciatingly long line, so we turned to Yelp to find something nearby that would satisfy our breakfast needs.  Up popped Cracked Egg.  We were already in the area anyways, and reading all the great reviews, we decided to head on down.  Much shorter wait ... about 5 minutes.  Still nice and busy.  Kind of a random strip mall to be located in - almost industrial looking ... but then again, considering it seemed most of the restaurants outside the strip seemed to be in this kind of environment, I think that's just how Vegas rolls? Ambiance inside was nice, however, and the servers were super sweet and helpful.  The three of us girls were starving so after a thorough gander through the menu, my friend ordered the Veggie Benny (Vegetarian Benedict since she hates Canadian bacon), I ordered the Country Benny (because my fat arse really wanted some gravy), and my other friend ordered the Croissant French Toast.  Got to choose from either hash browns or seasoned potatoes.  My friend asked the server if they made their own hash browns or if they came from the frozen industrial stuff.  Unfortunately it came from the frozen variety, so we opted for the seasoned potatoes.  Luckily, the seasoned potatoes are delicious - so no sacrifice there!  We also ordered ourselves some orange juice and coffee.  Came with your typical diner - accompaniments (half & half creamers and sugar).  Considering all the crap that's in that weird half & half, we decided to ask her for some milk, instead, and luckily, she was super cool about it :)  My country benny was very good...super fulfilling, too.  Wish the gravy were just a tad more flavorful - it was a bit bland for country-style gravy, but hey..I'm a gravy sucka and as long as it was smothered on my biscuit and sausage, I was still a happy girl.  All in all, I'm not sure if I'd go out of my way to eat here again, but would definitely not be against it if we happened to find ourselves out round these parts.
5	Fast and friendly service mixed with great food. Wait times can be long on weekends, but well worth it.
4	Popped in here for brekky wiv the Missus. She had a omelette and coffee and I had chicken fried steak and eggs and an OJ. Both breakfasts were delicious and the service was great..It was a reasonable price and would recommend this place to anyone..Its where the locals seem to go so you know it will be nice..
5	OHHHH EMMMM GEEEE!!! I had the best breakfast this morning at the Cracked Egg..It was D-Lish! Their skillets are really good and that coffee cake is AMAZING! Not too much food and wasn't too pricey either. A great place for breakfast, its a little small, but you always have the option to eat outside. I must try people!!
4	So babycakes had an hour wait, so we ended up here for breakfast.  Not a bad 2nd option at all!  Service was friendly and food was greasy fantastic!I didn't sample the other peoples food, but what I got was enough to leave a greasy happy grin on my face.  mmmmmm *dreamy food coma- Coffee Cake - This came out warm, fluffy and super sweet.  Good for a hungry girl to scarf almost all of it downThen came....- Cracked Egg Croissant - I had all the components that my texture whore self loves!  Melty cheese, gooey egg yolk, crispy BACON!, flaky AND toasty croissant.  The side of crispy nuggets of seasoned potato cubes rounded it out.Conclusion:  If you can't wait for the red velvet pancakes up the street, Cracked Egg is the place to go!
3	I was not very impressed with this restaurant.  Prices were ok but the menu was not easy to read and highly unimpressive creations.  I may go back, then again I may not.  3 stars as I am undecided.
4	I love breakfast.  My last meal on earth would definitely involve bacon.  I'm also cursed with Celiac Disease, which makes finding breakfast quite a difficult feat.  With this being said, I'm absolutely thrilled to have discovered The Cracked Egg on my yearly birthday trip to Vegas.  Don't be fooled by the cheesy stripmall-esque appearance of this restaurant.  'Tis a fine establishment.  If gluten is not a part of your life, you will love the gluten free pancakes that are served.  Since being diagnosed, I've had some gummy-ass, disgusting pancakes at other restaurants.  The Cracked Egg however serves up two huge gluten free pancakes.  Pair this with a banana topping, eggs and their crisp bacon and you've got a Full House!  Don't worry - you gluten eaters can enjoy a great selection of foody faire as well!
5	The service and food are outstanding.  I ordered an omelet and cooked it to order with the changes that I requested.
3	What I ate: Veggie Benny, coffee cake, bite of chocolate chip pancakeVisit date: September 25, 2011First time? Indeed.Hurray! Finally! Some good food on my Vegas trip. I had the Veggy Benny - the Veggie Eggs Benedict, that is. Um, delicious! A fluffy biscuit, grilled tomato, spinach and poached egg, served with Cajun style potatoes. Their hollandaise is amazing. I started dipping the potatoes in it.My bro-in-law's coffee cake came as an "appetizer". I had a piece. I was so cakey, moist and warm. And it had some kind of fruit it in...cherries? Who knows. It was fabulous. I also tried my niece's chocolate chip pancakes. Yum. She was also a happy camper.All the kids (niece and nephews) enjoyed their bacon. And syrup. And the bacon in the syrup.
5	First time we came here...I ordered the Peanut Butter Stuffed French Toast.  It was DA BOMB! Soooo good! I almost died & went to heaven with this food!  I can still taste it whenever I think about it!  The peanut butter was oozing out of the french toast once you slice it...hot peanut butter...with sliced banana on each bite....YUM!!!!Visit date: Aug 2011
4	Omlets are so yummu and the pumpkin cake
4	Always Very Very good. The Big Bad Wolf or Kicking potatoes are my personal Fav. I can't go 5 stars because they changed thier coffe cake recently (for the worse). It's always a good sign when a places hours are from 7-3, to me it's a sign of a good breakfast place!
4	I probably have dined here a dozen times. Very good food that is consistent. Excellent customer service. I highly recommend their scrambles. Especially Joes scramble.
5	Now this is a breakfast house! Great quality, Great taste, and a creative menu make for a good time. I believe one would be hard pressed to leave here hungry with the portion sizes too. The eggs benedict comes in many creative varieties, all of them delicious. They also have skillet platters that are sure to fill you up. Lastly, a large slice of crumb cake comes with most breakfast platters. The enviroment is noisy, as its usually filled with customers ( Usually a good sign ) but it is clean and well kept. You can find this place on Cheyenne and Buffalo in the food court. Enjoy!
3	BEWARE OF TERRIBLY SLOW SERVICE.I've been to cracked egg twice so far. the first time it was slow and the service was even slower. the 2nd time i went it was busier. and the service was still terribly slow. 1) never took our drink order. 2) went straight to food order cause of long wait. 2) forgot my coffee cake 3) forgot my to go box. 4) forgot my to go box. AGAIN. proceeding long wait.it is a bad sign when your waitress has to apologize to you every time she approaches the table. YOU ARE DOING SOMETHING WRONG. side note: i did get the same waitress both visits. had the PB stuff french toast. SUPER DUPER YUMMY IN MY TUMMY!! if you're looking for something sweet savory and all around goodness. this will hit the spot. its heavy so don't expect to be productive the rest of the bad. pair that with the coffee cake and its game over. nap time. i could only eat half.also had the corn beef hash. quite good as well. i felt like they were filling the giant platter they brought me with potato though to use as a filler to cover up the plate. i didn't like the additional semi mashed potato added to my corned beef plus the additional side of potatoes/hash browns. that's a little potato overload.okay. granted the terrible service might be due to a terrible waitress. it still put a damper on my experience. their lucky the food is good or i wouldn't come back.
5	Peanut Butter French Toast was Superb!
4	Absolutely loved the food here. Super clean kitchen, food is amazingly fresh. Had the Cheyenne Burrito (special). FIRE!
3	Nice place to get away from the strip and the temptation of a pricey breakfast buffet.  Our waiter was very pleasant and quickly brought our food out.  I had the cracked egg croissant, with choice of scrambled eggs over pepper jack and sausage.  Sadly and unexpectedly, it was the most bland thing ever.
5	very good and great price
5	No doubt about it, I love breakfast, and the Cracked Egg is a reliable go-to for me on my side of town (Northwest) and in Henderson.  Because I joined their Roaylty Rewards program last year and am such a regular, I get an $8 gift certificate in the mail every month to spend.  Armed with this month's certificate and famished from a long swim workout, my recovery breakfast this morning was the Garden Patch omelet, hash browns, and the coffee cake--oh yeah!  If you order the coffee cake instead of toast, it will be brought to you first, like an appetizer, but I saved it for dessert--yes, you can have dessert at breakfast!  Customer service has always been top-notch and I've never had a bad meal yet.  And, with my certificate, I only had to pay $5 for my meal, including the tip.  Thank you and keep cracking those eggs!
3	Good Food , Service is slow but we sat at bar and we were in and out . The waitress very nice and helpful, you can see from a far whats going on in the kitchen ,it is pretty messy  the reviews about this place cleanliness is really true . floors are not clean .the were two male waiters playing around and basically not doing anything and they didn't bother to ask what we wanted even though they were in front of us in the bar , the Bold Tall guy was just like he didn't care if he had customers . other than that  is good food and big portion and good prices, kudos to  the female waitress who were the only ones  working there besides the Mexican cook .
2	Went there for lunch with the hubby, and the breakfast was horrible.  The slice of ham was thin & leathery to the point of being unable to cut into it.  The hash browns were dry and tasteless.  Even the toast was badly done, one dot of butter in the middle part of burnt & dry toast.  I'll give them credit for the eggs, and that's it.
4	I am a fan. The fruit was tasty and sweet. The eggs were fluffy and light. The service was wayabove average, loved our server. Prices are fair, around the $10 range for mostBreakfasts on the menu, give or take a few bucks.This location is over in "the linn "... the yuppie watching was excellent, see themuptight even as they try to relax, catch snippets of conversation that will lingerlong after breakfast is done :DMost definitely, will be back for more tasty dishes to be served up.
4	You know I have been here over 25 times, and revisted the other day.  They lost a step somewhere, or I would give them a 5star here, but I do love the food, its super breakfast filler, 4stars is recommended, service is stellar, sometimes a wait on weekends, but not more that 20 min.   I like the benedicts, and the griddle meals and omelets.  Heck the Oatmeal is good.   $10 a head.   4star reliability, simple old time breakfast with spices and fresh oj and coffee.
5	I love breakfast.  I particularly love breakfast when someone else makes it for me - enter diner breakfasts!We've been going to this location of the Cracked Egg sporadically for nearly 10 years now.  I started off always having their solid eggs and turkey sausage plate, but now that my diet is more plant strong these days, this time I opted for the Veggie Skillet - and I'm sooooo glad I did!  Fresh broccoli, mushrooms and spinach sauteed and served over the Cracked Egg's signature seasoned potatoes - topped with two eggs over easy. I requested no cheese - and didn't miss it at all.  So fresh and so good!  One thing I was happy to see was that the wait was much shorter than I remember for a Sunday - about 10 minutes. I have a feeling that's due to more breakfast options opening in the area.   We tried to go to Babycakes but they had an hour and fifteen minute wait!  Bad for fans of Babycakes, good for fans of the Cracked Egg!
3	I know its just breakfast, but the portions are huge. Enjoy
4	I stopped here for breakfast yesterday and it was very good.  I ordered the Tropical French toast, two pieces of bread dipped in egg, coated with some toasted coconut and macadamia nuts, and nicely grilled.  I sat at the counter and the place was quite busy.  Maybe it just seemed that way because no one was eating outside because it was RAINING!  Service was very quick and everyone was pleasant and had a nice smile.  I only had one cup of coffee but I was asked about a refill.  I was giving platelets later and I didn't want to be sitting the hour and a half in the chair when the coffee want to leave me.  Also, thanks to the restaurant for having a half order as an option.  That was just enough!One thing that would really make this breakfast tropical would be to replace the maple syrup with coconut syrup.  Now that's tropical!
5	Great place.  Everyone was friendly, food was great, cute decor. They must be doing something right because they were packed for Sunday breakfast and the pancake chain place just down the road had 2 cars.  Well worth Te short 10 min wait.
5	ummm coffee cake sooooo fresh and delicious!!! WOWZA! this place had some amazing food and great fast service! I loved my breakfast coming into town meeting friends there was a perfect way to start my Vegas trip. The menu is filled with so many selections that the average Joe would have a hard time deciding which to choose! You want a good affordable breakfast, or any other meal this would be the yum spot!
4	Food was a great. Definitely recommend the Cracked Croissant!
4	Yelp helps again!   I was in the area a few weeks ago with a buddy of mine and we needed some breakfast before heading out for a day of adventure.   We scanned yelp and it told us about the Cracked Egg.   We got there a little late, around 9:30 on a Friday morning.   We were promptly seated and received oj and coffee.   I ordered Joe's scramble and my buddy ordered an omelet.   Both were really good with large portions.   One thing they do at the Cracked Egg is to add cream cheese to the eggs to make them a little smoother and richer.  It's a nice touch if you like cream cheese.   The only complaint I have is they forgot our toast.   But the portions were so large, we really didn't miss the toast.   Also, the place was a little noisy due to a party of six celebrating a birthday.   But other than that, it was a nice place to grab some breakfast.   Will I be back?   Sure, I could see myself going back at some point.
4	Great breakfast! North Shore Scramble!
5	This location is closed.  Web site needs updating!  Five stars for experience at other locations!
4	I love the Cracked Egg!  It is a great breakfast/lunch place that you NEED to check out!The menu is fantastic here.  The breakfast side has all of your favorites, along with some more fun options to spice up your breakfast.  I think my favorite breakfast dish is the Cakes & Eggs combo.  Eggs any style, sausage/bacon, hash browns and pancakes.  Everything that makes breakfast wonderful in one serving.  YUM!For brunch, you have got to get the Monte Cristo sandwich.  It is a ham, turkey, and cheese club made with French Toast!!!!  Yep, you heard me right, French Toast.  I absolutely love this sandwich.The lunch menu is great as well.  My husbands dreams about the tuna melts, my daughter demands their chicken fingers, and I usually grab a burger.  So far, everything I have tried has been tasty and have not been disappointed one bit.They also have a membership program that you can sign up for free.  Once you are in the system, they will send you an $8 off coupon every month.  The coupon has no rules except you have to come in, simple as that.  So sign up for the club and start getting coupons.  The club also gives you a $10 off check for every $250 you spend.  Don't you just love coupons?With tons of variety so that everyone in your group can find something to eat, makes the Cracked Egg a great place to visit! The staff is always friendly and makes you feel welcome. Oh and the coffee cake is divine!  That is the trifecta of a great restaurant in my opinion.  Go check it out and be amazed.
4	Living up to try and be the next 'Ahhnold' (an Asian one anyway) or Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson (I am known in many circles as 'The Pebble'), I do enjoy my breakfast.  And I love, love, love eggs!  It's the world's most complete animal protein.  Bodybuilders and Meatheads alike know...if you want more muscle, you must eat more protein!  I'm far from my early 20's when I used to add a raw egg or 2 to my daily whey protein & creatine shake, or eat 6 hard boiled eggs daily to help 'bulk up'...but I still love me some eggs early in the morning!The Cracked Egg if you can't already tell is a breakfast-heavy joint.  They are usually only open daily for breakfast and lunch.  It's been voted 'The Best of Las Vegas' by the LVRJ at least 3 times.  So I figure instead of making my own breakfast we'd go check this place out.  The day we went it was packed!  Of course, it was a Sunday and church was probably just letting out.  There's a big hustle and bustle here, no shortage of orders being called out, waitstaff running around with plates, and the smell of fresh coffee being brewed.  Man, do I love the first meal of the day!  Yes, I am a morning person.  Night owls beware!Menu is a good size and offers a ton of choices.  Now with The Cracked Egg being its namesake, please realize that most of their dishes require EGGS.  If you don't like eggs or egg products STEER CLEAR.  Should be obvious.  Go back to your overpriced lattes and friggin' scones.  Go dunk your donuts somewhere else.  Go back to your toaster to watch those tarts pop.  I feel sad for you folks.The Cracked Egg has different parts to their menu.  There's "Breanne's Basics" which  have your plain eggs & bacon, eggs & sausage, and similar type stuff here.  In "Eggs With Attitude" these dishes are mostly various things scrambled with eggs, which they call a 'scramble'.  I much enjoy the Southwest Scramble which has 3 eggs scrambled with chorizo, green chiles, jalapenos, onion, jack & cheddar cheese, and a side of salsa.  "The Benedicts" is self-explanatory, a list of all their different Eggs Benedict concoctions.  Me?  I like the good ol' regular Eggs Benedict standard, done right.  In the "Fluffy & Folded" section you got your 3 egg omelettes, and my faves are The Denver with ham, bell peppers, onions, and cheese, or The Greek with spinach, tomatoes, and feta.  Yum!  "Sin City Skillets" are for you wannabe cowboys who like your food coming in a cast-iron skillet, build your own or choose one off of their menu.  The last big breakfast section is "From the Griddle" and includes their French toast choices as well as fresh pancakes.  From what I've tried and what I've heard...it's all pretty good stuff.  The Cracked Egg also has non-breakfast stuff for you non-breakfast eaters too.  From sandwiches and salads, to burgers and homemade chili, it's all there.  But why come to a breakfast joint and not have breakfast?  It's like going to El Pollo Loco and asking for fish!  Try the breakfast.Only gripe I have here is that the prices are a bit on the high side.  I could make some of these dishes at home easily for half the cost, and do just as good a job since I love making breakfast anyway.  Two folks eating breakfast with a cup of joe each will probably set you back $25+ after tax and tip depending on what you eat.  Worth it if you go every once in a while or on a special occasion.  Or if you're loaded like Steve Wynn.  Geez, that guy is rich.Stop by The Cracked Egg, have a hearty breakfast, then bench press that little Fiat in the parking lot!
4	Good breakfast place. I will return. Had eggs Benedict and it was good. Had biscuits and gravy and it was ok. I don't hold that against them though, its hard to find really good biscuits and gravy. Service was good, received food quickly.
3	Great breakfast food! I love that you can substitute for egg whites (even if there is an up charge!). I wish their hours were a bit extended since it's Vegas and people work all sorts of strange hours. It's definitely a homey-feel inside the restaurant and the choices for breakfast food is wide and varied. The service is just "ok" in my opinion and they seem happy within themselves, but not all that interested in their customers. I will definitely be back - the omelets are fantastic!
5	Great place for breakfast. I'm a big fan of the enchilada omelette.
4	Best place for some good ol' breakfast.  We made our way here on Saturday morning with the craving of their melt in your mouth crumb cake.  We were seated pretty quickly...the place was full.  I decided to be different and order the corn beef hash.  Usually I go for the boring eggs and potatoes but I was going all out that day.  The portion was massive.  Alot of onions...like more than the corn beef but I just ate around them.  It came with eggs (egg beaters) potatoes on the side and wheat toast.  Whew it was alot and by alot I mean ALOT!  When I was done she asked if I liked it because it didnt look like I ate anything. haha  It was pretty darn good though.   I probably would get it again.  The BF ordered the kickin potatoes and the crumb cake.  Kickin potatoes are always solid...a combo of potatoes, bacon, cheese, salsa and sour cream (I think thats whats in it)   He loves them.  Now the crumb cake....amazing as usual.  Sometimes they come in different flavors but this time it was just plain cinnamon-just the way I like.  It was so hot when it came out that it was steaming.  the cake just fell apart as you tried to cut through it.  Just the little things.Cracked Egg is always a solid local find.  There arent too many breakfast places that are not chain restaurants that I can say live up to the breakfast standards but this one surely does!
5	We come in almost weekly for some good breakfast. And for today's breakfast I have 4 words: Red Velvet Coffee Cake. It was amazing. I could have eaten a second and third piece.
4	Go with my daughter for breakfast at least once a week. Servers are super friendly, and the food is great. If you want a great breakfast with a down home atmosphere, this is the place! I highly recommend!
5	The chicken fried steak is as good as anything I've ever had in Dixie, and the service was likewise. Excellent alternative to Baby Cakes, and destined to be just as famous.  Great place!
5	What can I say other than I love the French toast. It always hits the spot and this place is always packed.
5	I must say if I could eat breakfast here everyday I would.  The ingredients are always fresh and the service is attention and quick.
5	Places like this will put Denny's and ihop out of business. 5 stars is not enough to explain how amazing this place is. Delish.
5	Love the sweet potato skillet!!! So creative & delish I always get mine with egg whites!!!
4	I guess it's all about location, location, location.  I've been to the Centennial location about 3 times and in those times, I thought that the food was just okay with less than average service.  This time and at the location near Summerlin, I had a different experience.  First of all, the service is completely different here.  From start to finish, I thought that the servers and check out was easy as can be.  As for the food, I decided on trying something different since I wasn't a huge fan of their skillets in the past.  This time I decided on their Cracked Croissant.  This is their breakfast sandwich that consist of a huge buttery croissant, eggs your way, choice of cheese, and choice of meat.  I had this with turkey bacon and let me tell you, this meal way to start the day.  My croissant was so big that I ate it with a knife and a fork (my favorite utensil).  The sandwich was buttery, tasty, and even had enough macros to satisfy my daily needs. Trust me...unsure of what to get here?  At $10.95 with hash browns, try their Cracked Croissant.  PS:  Only issue was with their hash browns.  I wanted it cooked extra crispy.  They dropped the ball on this one, but my croissant more than made up for it.
3	I came here on a Monday morning an ordered The Country Benny for $15. - Fast and friendly service. I sat down and ordered right away. - Not a good price to food ratio. - A biscuit split and topped with patty sausage, 2 pooched eggs and smothered in gravy- Choice of seasoned potatoes or hash browns. I got the hash browns. - I guess I was expecting something better than Wicked Spoon's Egg benedict.- Tasted good, but not great. Enjoyed the gravy, but I think it made it all gooey. But I guess that's the country style. - Better with hot sauce! - This place is a good alternative if you don't feel like going to Babystacks or HashHouse.
5	Their build your own skillets are amazing. But the coffee cake is why I go back! It's always a different flavor and delicious!
4	Enchilada omelet is outstanding! Flexible when I asked for a single pancake as well, coffee is good but they have nondairy creamer. The staff was prompt in seating me and the wait staff was friendly and responsive!
4	Great place to have breakfast instead of the usual breakfast spots. The service was friendly, but the food was not so fast coming to the tables. It is a popular restaurant with sometimes a wait. I will be returning soon to try other items on the menu.
5	My family and I love this place because it is fast, convenient, great service and just plain old good breakfast. I highly recommend this restaurant and it is also family friendly.
4	Consistently very good. I wanted to try something different and this time I went for the pesto scramble. I normally get pancakes or French toast . Now I don't think ill ever order anything else. I personally can't eat eggs without tobacco and I was able to eat the pesto scramble plain.  Defiantly wanting to go back soon
4	We just decided to try this place yesterday morning. We were so impressed that we came back again this morning. That says a lot, in my opinion.Most of the food is very, very good, but I want to start things off by mentioning the one dish that caused me to drop this from a 5 to a 4 star review: the coffee cake. I'm not really a big cake fan, but after reading all of the glowing reviews, I decided to give theirs a shot. Any quality it might of had was instantly and unforgivably overridden by that distinct, tell-tale taste and texture of a microwave! What the hell? A microwave? Yeah, sure, that's the kind of taste-deadening, corner-cutting, smoke & mirrors crap people expect from a Taco Bell, but not at a place like this. It was really disappointing and, being the first dish out, a rather disheartening first-impression too. I've read people's reviews, where they talk about how "steamy" and "fresh" it is, but the steam is artificial and the "fresh" appearance is completely false. At least to anyone clever enough to understand that, unless you time things unnaturally well, no cake is likely to ever be served "steaming fresh" at a restaurant, that is. Considering how good and legitimately-fresh the rest of the food is, this approach really, REALLY baffles me. Trust me, guys, your cake would be so much better if you a) cooked several batches a day or b) just left it room temperature and honest. Microwaving your food is flat-out insulting to your business and your customers. I thoroughly enjoyed both of my meals, but I wouldn't step in that cake again. Really disgusting bullshit! Get it together!Beyond that, everything else tasted fantastic (thus the 4 stars)! I simply detest eggs, so I order my meals without. Yesterday, I had the "Mexican skillet" and, boy howdy, it was great! The chorizo and salsa were an awesome compliment to the already phenomenal potatoes. I see myself having this same dish again quite soon. Today, I had the country fried steak and it was, honestly, one of the best I've ever eaten. The steak was tender and juicy and the breading was crisp and well-seasoned. Really, really good stuff. I will also be having it again soon. My wife had the biscuits and gravy, which she said was really good, but not quite the way she likes them. Then again, she apparently had that particular bar set quite high when she was younger. She also had the huevos rancheros, which she said was excellent. Also, both days, the staff was quite friendly and helpful, though I do wish people/servers would understand that "water" doesn't mean "water with lemon". I know this is apparently standard practice at many restaurants, but I personally think that, if someone orders just "water", you should probably ask if they want a strong-flavored fruit wedge submerged in it before just automatically adding it. Maybe that's just us, but much like with every other single aspect of my dining experiences, If I don't specifically ask for something, I DO NOT want it. Simple enough?With all of that being said, there really isn't any question about us being repeat customers here. There are some problems, but the staff is pretty friendly and most of the food is absolutely phenomenal.
4	3.5 Stars!The Cracked Egg is a quality breakfast spot!  The specialty is their homemade Coffee Cake that rotates through a variety of flavors.  Most are great!  The owners are also incredibly nice, and truly put the customer first.With several enjoyable entree options, the Cracked Egg is a place I will gladly go for breakfast.  I usually end up with the Benedict Ole, Southwest Scramble, or Cracked Croissant.  This is a great spot Monday - Friday...but can be crowded on the weekends for obvious reasons.
5	This place was amazing. Had country fried steak with hashbrowns and 2 eggs. Also a side of bacon and hot chocolate. Pretty busy area but did not wait very long. Our server Nicole was very nice and came back to make sure we enjoyed our food. This place is a bit pricey but I did enjoy my experience here and will come back again!
4	It doesn't look like much from the street (if you even see it), but it is a great place to enjoy an old fashion breakfast.  We both were pleased with our choices and the food was great. The service was quick and the noise level wasn't bad at all.  Their Coffee Cake is delicious and I recommend it highly.
3	Bit of mixed feelings on this place, and I will tell you why...My Eggs Benedict was not good, at least not worth it for the price. They were tasteless and the Hollandaise was watery, not thick and creamy. Ended up throwing most of it away.Their prices are a bit much, especially on such simple items.Although, I ate some of my fiancee's S'mores French Toast with Nutella and it was amazing. And huge portions as well. They had some really interesting menu choices that ARE worth the price.Case in point, can be worth it if you end up getting what you pay for.
4	Decided to finally try this place out. It's a cute little place to have breakfast with a great variety of foods to choose from. I got the Country Benny which is biscuits and gravy with poached egg. It was really good but I couldn't finish it. I would have liked a little bit more gravy to compliment the amount of biscuits there is.My beau got the Carnitas omelette. It was pretty good. Only complaint is that the vegetables (onions, bell pepper) needed to be cut in smaller pieces. On beautiful days like today you can actually sit outside to eat.
4	I would even add another half star to this. I didn't give it 5 stars only because I don't think breakfast should cost $12.00.  BUT......Food was so good!  And big sized. Biscuits and gravy are phenomenal, homemade. Meals are served with big slices of coffee cake. And service is so friendly.  There's a wait, but it goes fast.  We ordered biscuits & gravy, southwest scramble, and Benedict ole. Everything was tasty and hit the spot. Leaving here stuffed and happy.
4	First official brunch after relocating to Vegas from NY. Had the cheeseburger skillet. The dish was well prepared and seasoned. Asked for eggs to be over medium but came in over easy, however there'hing wrong with runny eggs over your bacon cheeseburger goodness. The included coffee cake with its sweet notes and creamy center was an excellent compliment to the dishes savory notes. Menu pricing is fair. Service is stellar.  Store opens at 6am..perfect. I would see myself frequenting this place.
4	I'm just gonna start by saying i think they should re-name this place, "the crack-egg" because its probably more addicting than crack. (j/k i wouldn't know). But really. I love breakfast. I love eggs benedict. I love dessert first. I love the Cracked Egg. I came here this past weekend with a friend and we decided to share a RED VELVET COFFEE CAKE to start. Amazeballs. And it was definitely worth sharing, cause that thing was HUGE. Then we tried the peanut butter french toast. A little too sweet and not peanut-buttery enough for my taste, but it was good. I'll try the croissant french toast next time. And then I had an eggs benedict. By myself. It was delish! I know, i eat like hungry hippo.Service was alright, nothing to write yelp about. Atmosphere was pleasant. Price was appropriate. I'll definitely be back to eat my way through the rest of the menu :)The missing star is because of the wait.. Not their fault , but what can i say, i was feelin the HANGER. :/
5	Awesome food and great service. Went here 2x on business trip and loved it!  Generous portions for both meals. Coffee cake is great! Recommend the skillets!
4	This is my first choice for breakfast!! The homemade coffee cake is out of control. The coffee cake is a different flavor every time but it is always good. The service is quick and the servers are always friendly. This restaurant is almost always busy but there is usually an available spot at the bar!
4	This really is a pretty good breakfast spot. Good service, good food.My husband loves their biscuits and gravy, so we come here at least a couple times a month.
4	We have been here twice now. The food is very tasty and the speed and quality of service is phenomenal. We've only been there on week days and while crowded we didn't have to wait to be seated. Everyone raves about the coffee cake. I can't say I was all that impressed. Perhaps it's because they heat it in a microwave before serving. I would have given them five stars if it wasn't for this and the prices being a bit high. All in all a great experience.
2	This place is really delicious. Food is good and comes out relatively quickly. The coffee cake is really great because it's always different and I think it's homemade so always tastes fresh love that. Okay so why 2 stars? Honestly the service is mediocre at best. Our actual server was very nice and friendly but the rest of the staff was very unprofessional. ***EVERYTIME*** we come in the staff is just sitting around eating and acting like it's their break room...I get it, you were busy and now you're hungry but you should keep some sort of professionalism. You're not closed yet so don't act like you are. "Shit where are the bussers" is what one guy said in response to most the booths needing to be bussed. We watched staff eating then handling fresh food without washing their hands. I'm in the industry... That is a basic guideline to not spreading your germs. I'm not looking for 5 star service but just some professionalism. One girl literally was spinning a coin on the counter the entire time and then dropping it on the floor over and over. It was really annoying... I hope that they can tell the staff to act a little more professional so we don't have to feel like we are interrupting their break everytime we dine there. It ruins the experience and it's happened so many times I had to write something.
4	this place is a quaint little place that we met friends at.  Went based on their recommendations a lot but this place is very efficient. the staff was great and helpful, always responding to us quickly.  the food was good and came out exactly how we wanted it.  there are many options on the menu for all taste buds.  I got the fruit side with my eggs and it was a nice change with grapefruit, watermelon and honeydew rather than your typical fruit mix.  It was all nice and fresh too. Per their recommendation we shared a piece of the crumb cake.  Wasn't your typical crumb cake, more like a light fluffy piece of cake with some cream cheese bottom and icing on top but it was well balanced and the cheese wasn't overwhelming. My understanding is the flavors change too, will have to see. They do have a frequent rewards/point card that they tell me gives you good coupons.  Would definitely go back.
4	We met a couple of friends for breakfast here at the Cracked Egg.  This is a place they bring friends for the first time.  So, how could we say "NO"... I'm glad we didn't.  We looked over the menu and everything looked great.  I ended up with a skillet filled with pork.  Can't go wrong.  The bottom was covered with home potatoes then came the eggs and pork.  I decided to get toast as I knew I would finish Michele's coffee cake.I would definitely come back again for breakfast.Can get coffee cake with meal.
2	I had breakfast there with family members. The omelettes were OK but not outstanding. The food was good in general, as in tasty enough, but it just was run-of-the-mill. We expected better from a breakfast place. The server was almost useless and probably colors our opinion of the food. She was more interested in saying "no" than in saying "I will be glad to do that for you". She says management prohibits substitutions. I never heard of a breakfast place not allowing a swap of toast ofr pancakes. I could care less if i pay a little more, they just do not allow it without buying two complete breakfasts. I would have given this place four stars but gave two for the poor service and very slow coffee refills.
3	We came here by default because the ever so popular babystacks was over an 1 hour and 20 minute wait. The wait wasn't too long here, we waited a good 15 minutes on Sunday - Mother's Day to be exact. We ordered:The Cracked Croissant - $10.75 we love buttery croissant breakfast sandwiches, so this was a definite for us. We chose sunny side up eggs and the runny yolk was rich and delicious with the sandwich. We also chose the sausage patty and a side of soggy hash browns - I'm thinking of asking them to make them well done and crispier next time. Overall I really enjoyed this dish. It was simple, but everything combined made for a great (expensive) breakfast sandwich. 4/5Cakes & Eggs Combo - $8.50 I chose sunny side up eggs (comes with 2), bacon (comes with 2), and substituted the regular pancakes (comes with 2) with the Coconut macadamia pancakes (comes with 2) - bad decision.The sunny side eggs were fried to perfection - both eggs had an extremely luscious and runny yolk. The eggs were very sweet and fresh. I wish the bacon was crispy, it was rather soggy. 3/5 Now onto the pancakes, they had an extra cost to substitute them ($1.50 or so) for the coconut macadamia pancakes. So not worth it! Although the pancakes were fluffy, they were also very dry. The pancakes had the faintest coconut flavor (actually, I barely tasted it) the "coconut flavor" was more like a prank. It did have dry coconut flakes, which was not texturally pleasing and only 7 small pieces of macadamia nuts throughout the entire pancake! It sounded better on paper than what was actually brought to the table. I wasn't satisfied or happy with these pancakes - they were a lie. 1/5It was pricey for what we ended up getting. My favorites were their sunny side up eggs and the sausage. You can get that anywhere!
3	You will get a solid breakfast here.  The service is fast and the selection is pretty good.  But it's just ok for us.  Nothing special, just a normal breakfast house.  Doesn't stand out and the environment is very cafeteria like.  It gets VERY loud in here, and you can hear every kid complaining about their meal.  If you are looking for a good meal with decent prices and you just need to fill your belly and go, this place will work fine for you.  If you want to enjoy your breakfast, speak with your significant other and just chill, don't bother.  We felt rushed and there was just way too much noise.There is a patio outside in the strip mall.  I do not know if they will give you table service outdoors though.  We never asked, but if it's not too hot, that could be a good option to avoid the noise.
5	It's open only for breakfast/lunch hours. Is located in a food court setting, with outdoor seating options. Device was friendly as fast. Seats are metal with some cushion. Not the type to stay for hours, but serviceable comfy. For a neighborhood breakfast joint, it delivers better than expected. Will definitely come again.
4	Came here for breakfast today. We live in california and are here for a couple of days. I got the skillet and added ground beef and bell peppers. It was one of the best skillets ive ever had. My boyfriend got the waffle and it was okay. The hostess at the front was a little grumpy which killed the mood a little BUT the skillet is what made me give 4 stars. I might be back tomorrow just to get that skillet one more time ;)
4	Way above average breakfast spot. To be honest...the portions are too big here...the prices are too expensive...the food is excellent and the service is very prompt. you must come here hungry or don't bother. I had the big bad wolf fluffy and folded omelet..loaded with ingredients. Wife had the tropical French toast..topped with coconut..macadamia nuts and bananas. she was thrilled with her selection. My son had the huevos rancheros. we were all happy campers..even the hash browns were delicious. This is a solid place...its a mini chain( 5 locations) in greater vegas. Noisy,crowded and very very good.
4	Great local breakfast place.  Nice selection of pancakes, egg dishes, skillets, fruits and beverages.  Service is friendly and prompt.  Creative menu items and coffee cakes and croissants are delicious.  Prices are reasonable and outdoor seating option is nice.  Too loud for a business meeting but seating is spacious.
5	Great food great service! Nice variety!I love the chicken fried steak and eggs with country sausage gravey!  My wife lives the strawberry cream cheese stuffed French Toast.
3	This place is probably great for a lot of people but I didn't care for it. I had the enchilada omelet and it had nasty American processed cheese on it I guess that's what they use for omelets and that probably doesn't bother most people but It makes me gag.. Ew on the menu it says jack cheese but it should add that it's processed. Anyways enough of the cheese rant. The service was good and the coffee cake was really good.
3	I stopped in while having my car serviced next door.  Clearly a fairly large contingent of regulars!  I didn't have any fancy.. just sausage,eggs and coffee but the service was fast and friendly.
5	The Service is great, the Food is awesome. Coffee cake yummy, pancakes fabulous . I recommend this place whenever u r in Las Vegas!
4	The coffee cake!!My only issue was on Memorial Day/Veterans day they would only give military discount if in uniform... Most of us don't go around in uniform to eat!Overall it was a good experience and the service was quick
5	It's never a disappointment coming here for a good ol breakfast. The thing I like is that they have such a variety of food to choose from. Down side when your really hungry you don't know what to choose because so many options :-) ha great place excellent staff
3	I decided to stop in and I ordered the Monte Cristo which was ok. The hash browns were excellent;  I have heard so many good things about this Restaurant that I will eagerly give them a second chance.  Maybe the Chicken Fried Steak next time.
5	Been here many times. Always had prompt, competent service and the food is very good. A lot of variety. Make sure you try some coffee cake.
4	Had to abandon our attempt for breakfast off the Las Vegas strip- if you go after 9am be prepared for long waits. This restaurant is in North Las Vegas but just a 15 -20 minute ride from the Strip depending which end you coming from.Great decor and extra clean restaurant. Lately I have found restaurants with many decorations and fixtures do not dust appropriately! The menu is unique which I like a lot! My husband had the monte cristo with hashbrowns and it met his expectations- and he has a pretty high bar. I had the bacon cheeseburger scramble with egg whites and it was delicious! The coffee cake was some kind of sinful pumpkin flavor and came out warm. Service was excellent- just enough attention but not annoying. Will go back again!Well deserved Zagat ratings and Best of Las Vegas awards!
5	Small place and busy but definitely worth the wait.  Most waitstaff is very friendly, food is amazing, gluten free options are terrific, and it's right down the street; we come about once a week.
