3	came here to buy some sunglasses about a week ago at Fashion Square...and wow. i walked in wearing heels, a skirt, had a big (fake) LV handbag that i got from a client of mine (lol this lady tries to sell her fake shit and pawn it off as real...for $40 um no! ok thats not the point...) yeah so i walk in all decked out, my hair curled, etc and wow i was treated like a godess! they offered "a drink" (im assuming means a bottle of water lol) and let me try different glasses on...well i found the pair i liked and was ready to buy, but to my dismay, i couldnt find my debit card anywhere! so i went home and found it in my jeans from the night before with my drivers license...ok cool. but by then i didnt want to deal with driving back to the mall on a saturday evening....so i ran back in after work the other day (in khaki pants, a brown shirt, and old flip flops) and i dont know what their trip was, but they were so unattentive and rude! it was crazy...maybe they thought i was some poor high school girl browsing around for fun or something? i dont know...all i know is that they seem to flock to you there if you LOOK like you have money. its so typical. well after having to flag down a sales person, i finally got the stupid (gorgeous lol) sunglasses i wanted. but geeze someone please remind me next time i decide to go to Gucci (or just fashion square in general!) to put on some heels and carry an expensive looking purse (as opposed to the Fox bag i was carrying that day) so that i can get some decent service! geeze. lol
1	I'm never shopping here, I don't wanna shop somewhere where associates think if u can afford it in just goona purchase the bag online then looked at if I could afford it
4	I inherited a purse from my grandmother and the snap closure was not catching snugly.  I called and had a very nice conversation with an associate.  I was able to bring the purse in and have repair ticket written on it.  I went in today (several weeks after phone call), I was warmly greeted and helped.  I was by no means dressed fancy - my outfit came from Walmart and payless shoess but was treated as cordially as they were treating other customers who did look like they were regular Gucci customers.  They had many beautiful purses and shoes to die for.  Very fabulous.  Thanks Grandma for the purse.  :)
5	I now have the purse and am using it.  They fixed the closure and it closes snugly.  I am in love with this purse.  I can see why Gucci is such a luxury item.  Their merchandise is quality and lasts.
1	Gucci store at the Scottsdale Fashion Square. I just wanted to inform those out there that last week on 6/24/13 I walked into the Gucci store a gentleman was standing by the door about 10:30 am to 11:00 am and I didn't get not one Hello, smile or acknowledgement what so ever. Gucci needs to go back to basics "Customer Service" goes a long way
1	Please Please Please Be More Customer Friendly.Unfortunately, this store cannot compare with those in nearby Las Vegas in service or variety. The sale associates (except for a nice, pretty brunette female) do not acknowledge you and they give off a vibe that you are bothering them. Rarely do they have my size shoe (Gucci men's 9) and they have about 1/3 of the typical Gucci inventory. If you ask about something they don't have, the associate doesn't offer alternatives or offers to have it shipped in for inspection. (LV does that without batting an eye). Security guards are stoic. They stare at you (I get it, it's their job) and if you say hello, they ignore you...they just stare. Makes me feel uncomfortable because I really want to be able to shop there. It is a shame because I would rather shop there vs lugging packages back from California or Vegas.
1	Horrible service. I bought a $400 belt for a buddy of mine for his birthday and he went the next day to get a bigger size, never wore it or even really touched it. They told him they couldn't exchange it because it seemed a bit bent like if it was worn.Moreover, the customer "service" salesperson brought the belt into the back room and came back with an obvious new hole in the belt. She said that we did it, even though they gift wrap the box and we didn't even touch it after buying it and it was brought back the same day!Despicable store. GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. Blatant fraudsters won't even give you any service. I will not let this go lightly.
2	Okay, so as a company, I have never really minded Gucci. I have never purchased anything from there for myself, but I have for gifts. The thing is, I just never thought their stuff was made very well. I find other designers' products to be made better. So recently, I purchased my boyfriend a belt for him to wear to work. I had picked one out but was still pretty skeptical on it because I was not sure it was made well enough for him to wear it to work. I had explained this to the sales associate and he assured me that this specific belt would be able to handle it. The belt had their signature symbol on the front and I have asked him if it would get scratched - because that was what I was most afraid of. The sales associate then again assured me that it would be okay and I could bring it back if I had any issues with it or if he did not like it. So, I bring the belt home and give it to him and within his first shift wearing it, it got scratched. I was extremely upset but figure I would bring it to the store the next day. So I bring it to the store and have a different sales associate. This one begins to tell me there is nothing they can do at all, no exchange, no return, they couldn't even try and buffer it out for me. I then asked to speak to the manager and she began to very rudely tell me the same thing. I do not think I was so upset about the belt as much as the customer service. Both the sales associate and manager the day I brought it back were incredibly rude, I do not think I have ever experienced a more ruder staff. I was in shock and could not believe that a company like Gucci tolerated their staff behaving like that. All I can say is that they definitely lost me as a customer.
1	If I could give them zero stars I would. Worst customer service experience of my life. They completely defrauded me. I got the wrong sized belt so I wanted to exchange it with one that was slightly bigger. Keep in mind that the item had been purchased the day before and had never been worn. The lady went to the back for like ten minutes - and when she came out she said she couldn't exchange my item because someone had put a hole in my belt to make it even smaller (which doesn't make sense because the belt was too small to begin with). Clearly, she went in the back and put a hole in it herself. Maybe this is how the corporate Gucci office tries to eliminate exchanges and returns.
2	I typically like to keep the money in our state and if I'm making a big purchase, I will do it in Arizona. However, when it comes to this Gucci, I will most likely only make purchases elsewhere. I've had several disappointing experiences here. Customer service is big for me and when walking into a high-end store such as Gucci, I look for quality customer service. Sadly, I get the opposite here. I purchased a purse and a month into having it, the strap broke. The purse was only a month old. I brought in my new purse with a broken strap into this Gucci and asked them if they could replace it since it was a brand new purse. They immediately said no and said that they would need to send it back to the factory to be fixed. I understand this requirement if the purse has been used and owned for awhile, but this was practically a brand new purse. However, I followed the rules and let them send it into the factory. Six weeks later, I finally got it back. I thought it would be as good as new and not give me any other problems. I took my purse on a work trip to San Francisco a couple months later and in the middle of my trip, the same exact strap broke a second time. This time it left me without a purse on my work trip. Since I was in San Francisco, I immediately went over to the Union Square location and explained the situation. They were horrified that Gucci didn't replace it the first time and without any questions, they exchanged my broken bag for a brand new one and sent me on my way. Now that's customer service and I'm sad that it took the Gucci in San Francisco (and not Scottsdale) to give it to me. I was very disappointed with how Gucci in Scottsdale treated me. During a second experience, I had Gucci sunglasses with scratched lenses. I love my sunglasses and wanted to fix or replace the lenses. I figured that Gucci was my best bet so I took my sunglasses into this location because it was my only Gucci store option. I explained the situation and asked them if they could send my sunglasses to be fixed. Without a second glance, they said no and that there was nothing that could be done and sent me on my way. A couple months later, I discovered another sunglass store in Fashion Square and decided to ask them about fixing my lenses. To my surprise, they did it for a reasonable cost and my sunglasses were like new. Sadly, Gucci was not the store who helped me and I had to resort to another business. I like Gucci products and I typically like Gucci service, but unfortunately this particular Gucci location lacks the customer service and I will therefore shop at other locations and not this one.
3	Really nice store but the Customer service sucks.   I get that I don't look like the typical Gucci shopper, but I at least expect to get treated like a paying customer regardless.  So I went in for a belt and wallet and was ignored for the first 20 mins in the store. Finally a sales guy person came to me and asked me if I needed help, the attitude and the look on this guys face made me feel kinda out of place, but I really needed a new belt and wanted a new wallet so I just ignored his "better than Thou" attitude and just made my purchases and left.   Sadly,  like Lindsay d. I will be making my Gucci purchases else where.. P.s. I was also going to grab a bag for my girl but because of the attitudes I went across the way and bought her a Louie instead.. Hope they fix their costumer service and treat everyone equal regardless of their appearance.   Reason for the three stars is they had the belt I was looking for, otherwise I would drop 1 star.
1	Soo.. Lets start from the very beginning. We had a very good friend pass away who loved Gucci (why I don't know) but he did. So for all of this we wanted to purchase bracelet for his girlfriend and several other people to remember him by. We started our search online and found what we wanted. Great! A cute little silver bracelet with a heart on it, it was a great gift and a great bracelet for each one of us to wear on our wrist to remember him by. We decided to go in to the store to see if they had any in stock. After circling the store several times FINALLY we got someone to help us who treated us like minions. Thanks. Turns out she looked in a few drawers and said she didn't have what we were looking for and to order it online. The next day (Wednesday) we went online and tried ordering - Not Easy - we were not able to add items to our cart - Again Annoying. After all of this we decided to call to order, we wanted to do rush delivery so we could get them on time so we had to get basically everyone they had in random sizes. Not a huge deal but it took about an hour on the phone with them for this process. They had to complete 3 separate orders and although we were paying $35 per order for next day delivery she couldn't guarantee it would arrive by Friday. What? We are paying for next day shipping and you don't know if it will be here 2 days later?  As I mentioned we did rush delivery and had them sent to the office because we knew that we would not be at home when fed ex came and had to sign. After I stressed the importance of this they sent some boxes to the office and some to the billing address, what is their problem! That being said we missed some of them so had to go to fed ex at 6pm on Friday when we needed them by 5pm and then we get them and may I mention they cancelled 4 bracelets last minute and refunded us - Not Ok. Now let's get to the real bad part. Over half of them came TARNISHED with spots all over them. Who goes to a luxury brand and wants defected bracelets - Amateur hour. Again we get back on the phone with customer service who hangs up on is when we tell her what's going on, call back and explains the story to someone else to tells us to chill out. WTF! At this point we don't want the merchandise, they are defective #1 and #2 they have been absolutely awful to us. Game over, don't want to deal with this any more. Next day, go in to store again to see what they can do, maybe clean them or return. They say NO you didn't buy from here so we can't help you with anything. I give Gucci the big FU and will absolutely never do business with you again.
