4	I realized I really like Cost Plus World Market, and I especially like when they have their 40% coupons, including furniture!  We found our nesting tables/benches here and once again, the staff were great here too.  I would say, overall, the whole staff was pretty good.  They help with loading your purchases into your car and are just a nice bunch to assist you with things. They are more than helpful when you're looking at furniture and I had a pleasant experience at this location as well.(I always like the music they play in these stores...it gets me dancing in the aisles!)
4	I could easily spend a paycheck in this place. Gift shopping is a cinch. I'm really bad at picking out gifts for any occasion. Its like an ethnic Pier 1. All of the furniture is fab and reasonably priced. There was a small kitchen island I was eyeing for $100 and a book shelf on sale for $170 (you will be mine. Oh, yes ...). I want to buy everything. I'm on a strict budget. I'm like a kid at Disneyland, told I can't ride anything. A hooker with a crack rock that I can't smoke, if you will. They have a large wine selection and packaged foods. Lots of kitchenwares and cool home furnishings. Some things are cheesy and overpriced, like fake house plants and giclees (gross). But just keep digging, you'll find something, honey. Today, I bought an mbira!!1 Who can say that? But it was $7 and no bigger than my palm. Location is cool. I hit up Cost Plus, Borders, and DSW all in the same intersection. And then its just right down the road from In-n-Out, Chipotle, Golden Spoon, and The Cupcakery. http://www.cakefarts.com/* off the strip, non-casino
5	Eat Pray Love me some Cost Plus World Market!I always come here for the beautiful accessories! I love the unique necklaces, bracelets, earrings which all are from exotic places from all over the world ...it is pricier than others but the quality is great! Vibrant colorful accessories and other products which takes you to Italy, India, Indonesia, Spain, Costa Rica and all over the world...
4	I love browsing through the food area in the back of the store. They always have an interesting selection of unique ethnic food. I like to pick up a random new food item to try whenever I am there. They also have a decent selection of reasonably priced spices.My wife likes to go to Cost Plus because they sell canned Illy coffee. Today they were on sale two for one so we're now stocked up on it.
4	I rarely shop at Cost Plus, it's just too damn expensive.  However, I was in this store recently to look for Orangina.  I was on a mission to find it.  Unfortunately, they didn't have any......Fortunately, they did have something I've been looking for......Ghost Pepper Hot Sauce.  Yes, they carry the 1,000,000+ Scoville Scale Hot Sauce under the Dave's Gourmet brand! (see pics)If you don't already know, I'm a huge fan of Hot Sauce.  I've only had Ghost Pepper Hot Sauce once and it was at the Chicago Brewing Company restaurant.  I was so excited to be able to purchase a bottle for use at home.  I've only tried it once since I bought the bottle.....IT IS REALLY FREAKIN' HOT!!  I put a toothpick sized portion of it on a bite of food the other night and it burned the living hell out of my tongue!Back to Cost Plus.  During my visit they had a ton of Holiday stuff on sale and great prices.  One of the employees told me that I was a little late on finding great deals on the sale....should have come here a few days earlier.  They had Cookies, Chocolates, Candies, and other goodies from the Holidays at really low prices.....good quality imported stuff too.Overall, I was pleased with this visit to CP.  Made a mental note to stop by after any themed holiday.Will I return?  Right after Valentine's Day...you bet!
5	I could spend days in Cost Plus and just as long talking about why I love this place so much, but the bottom line is this place is a wonderland for the home chef/entertainer and anyone trying to furnish/decorate their home on the cheap but want to give it some character.Besides the unique food selection featuring snacks, condiments and goodies from around the world for relatively inexpensive prices they have a wide selection of equally inexpensive home goods such as dinnerware, flatware, mugs, kettles, cast iron cookware and so much more. I especially love their white dinnerware which makes for a clean presentation (everything looks great on white in my opinion) and comes in many shapes and sizes.They have a lot of fun wine selections and from time to time they have great tasting events!The staff is incredibly attentive and so, so friendly. I always have a great experience when I'm here and it's always a treat to shop at Cost Plus!
2	I just don't get all the hoopla surrounding this place.  When I first discovered it, around five years ago, I got some really unusual and useful glass serving bowls and dishes.  That department is now a ghost of its former size.  To me, the store is just a repository of cheap Asian junk and overpriced shoddy furniture, with a few other countries thrown in to justify the "World" tag in its name.  I had a $10 off coupon (requiring $30 purchase), so I figured I'd give it another try, especially since I wanted to go to Ulta nearby.The first item I picked up was a tiny bottle of Prosecco.  It had no price, and the shelf tag was torn off.  A guy was working in the next aisle, and when I asked him to get the price, he told me to take it up front to the register.  Shouldn't he have offered to do that?  When I got to the only open register, the clerk was packing up a customer who was buying many bottles of wine and water, and some wine glasses.  The clerk was searching for a box, and told me to wait for the price until she'd finished with the customer.  That took f****** forever, since each bottle and glass had to be wrapped individually.  I was not a happy camper.But the price was right (assuming use of the coupon), so I went back for a few more bottles.  Then I spied a six-pack of Pear Cider, which I love.  Again, no price anywhere!  This time I had to wait until two clerks were finished helping someone turn a huge piece of furniture on its side.  But that clerk shlepped the cider to the front and got the price, which would have been okay, except...after spending an hour in the store, I suddenly realized that my coupon was useless:  I couldn't use it for alcohol!  Total waste of my time.  I can get the cider cheaper at almost any other place that sells it.  Oh, and a wine stopper I picked up also had no price anywhere.  I was not about to go through the hassle a third time.With Total Wine, Lee's, and Trader Joe's competing for the wine market, that part of Cost Plus isn't worth a second thought.  The rest of the merchandise is not compelling, except for possibly the imported foods, but I wasn't into that today.  That section, though, earned it an extra star.My criterion for a store is how much I'd miss it if it closed up tomorrow.  In this case, not at all.
4	I love this store, it never feels like I'm in Vegas in there.  The items are so reasonable and uncommon.
5	I love this store even though I rarely get to that side of town..but when I find myself over there I MUST stop in. I can wander around for at least an hour checking out all the new things they have.I love the wine selection and I love the candy selection even more.Since its spring they have the Easter candy out and some of it is very cute. I had to stock up on snacks for a road trip coming up.They now have a rewards club so you get coupons via email which help out since it can get pricey for some of the import items.The customer service was on point and the cashier must have taken a happy pill since she was in an uber good mood. Thats always nice to see. Cant wait til Im on that side of town again!
5	Love the selection of English and Canadian foods and candy. Coffee selection VERY much on decaf. If you go on Weds you get double points, to use for a free bag, which is nice. Very preety glassware, upscale pricing. Heh, get it, I said upscale to mean H*** S***.  Lots of cool gifts in a range of $5 to several hundred/
4	I always liked browsing through Cost Plus. They do have cute things for the home, but sometimes certain items prices seem a little inflated. Understandable on the imported items though. They do have great semi annual sales and you can find things at a steal. I also like their selection of gift bags, jewelry. Sometimes we grab international snacks and beverages here when we don't want to trek somewhere like International Market for some goodies. They also have a good number of spices including some I have issues finding elsewhere like garam masala, lemongrass, saffron, etc. and the prices are  reasonable.They have a rewards club now, I havent received coupons yet, but hopefully they're good ones I'll actually use.
3	Walking into this place is like shopping at an international market.  There are some very unique items and its fun to wonder around and check out items like chop sticks set, saimin bowls, and bangles from India.  I like coming in when they have put out their Christmas stuff.  The ornaments are very different and are so cute.  They have every kind of them you good think of and some one of kind items.  I came last year for my secret Santa gift and they loved it!They have a small amount of food items, tea and coffees from around the world.  And they usually have some samples waiting to be tried.  If you are looking for some unique decorative items for the house, some quaint English biscuit, or a nice bar stool, this is your place. Be sure to look into their membership card, for general savings and coupons!
5	I forgot how much I loved this place! I came here once years ago when I first came to Vegas. I was going through ads and noticed that they had a Iron tea kettle that I was going to buy at Teavana. It wasn't pink like the one in Teavana for $100.00 it was black and on sale for $19.99! I can live with that! I wanted to make sure that they didn't have any other designs before I purchased this one. The sales associate really tried his best to find another one for me. I wasn't crazy about the Terra Cotta colored one so I decided to go neutral and go with black. I also had a coupon for 10% off holla! They sell the loose leaf tea leaves here if you can't make it all the way over to Teavana for them. If you sign up on-line for their club you can get additional discounts!
4	This place had just about the right amount of eye candy at every glance! Literally! Imagine being surrounded by a culturally diverse set of items ranging from gift bags, to jewelry, to furniture, to food, to utensils etc. In my determination to find a good (meaning affordable but of decent quality) kite to fly at a picnic next week, I heaved myself up early to check out what cost plus had to offer. The last time one of my galpals and I came here to browse, I caught sight of a few really cute kites and to my contentment, there they were again today, hung together neatly. There were dragon kites, swallows, eagles, silk phoenix, fishies!, balinese boat ($19.99 + tax) , the latter of which I planned to buy at first but settled with the blue dragonfly instead (14.99 + tax = app. $16) Staff was friendly. The cashier needed some assistance with breaking my bill, so while waited to have that done, we talked about chocolates! Food can get a little pricey, mind you. The scarves, battery-powered lanterns & cute ethnic lamps were to die for. Really, I could spend a whole day there.
5	I love this place...right when I walked in I knew this would be one of my favorite stores. I have always pass by this place but never step foot inside. I'm sad that it took me this long to actually check it out. They have the most amazing chocolate selections ever. They also sell Popcorners; I was sold when I saw Popcorners, I have been on the search for this popcorn chips because what can I say they are the best. Not only that they sell chocolates that you can't find in a regular grocery shop. Not only do they sell some food but they also sell some furniture and some beautiful plate sets. Check this place out and I'm sure you will fall in love!
4	Cool stuff at a great price. One day I'll buy something from here! -LOL
4	They always have my favorite soda Ramune in stock. The store is very easy to get around. Prices are just a little high, but hay it's inflation.
5	This store is spectacular.  We have been there several times and the more we go there the more we are impressed with the store.  They have a lot of unique items and food.  When you have a food obsession like I do, this store is like taking a child to a toy store.    You can become a member and receive discounted prices at the store and coupons are sent to you via email all the time.  We picked up unique Christmas gifts for the parties we have attended and they have all been a huge hit.You could easily spend an entire paycheck and come out with more stuff than if you shopped in a grocery store.
5	I love everything about this store and whenever I want something unique to deocrate my home I go here first.
4	Pricey but such a helpful staff. The manager helped us get our new coffee table in the car. I personally feel some things are over priced but they had a sale going on for furniture. I highly doubt I would pay full price for their furniture.
5	I love coming here to look and check out their beer and wine selection.. top nothch prices are reasonable and there is always something you need for a housewarming, birthday..etc
5	I LOVE this place. The staff is always friendly and helpful. I like when I walk in a store and someone greets me and tells me that the wine is on sale. You had me sold at wine! Speaking of wine, they have a nice selection. I like to pick up the recommended wines and the sale stuff to try new stuff. A word of advice: the wines are organized by the country the grapes are from, not necessarily the country where it was produced. So if you're looking high and low for a wine you could've sworn was from California, it might be under the Italy sign. They are good about honoring exchanges & returns, I've never had a problem exchanging anything.They have pretty jewelry and scarves and both go on sale quite often.  I have gotten some beautiful stuff for my home as well as yummy treats for my nephew.Don't forget to sign up for their membership card! You get a coupon for I think it was 20%  I signed me and my husband up.
5	AHHHH! Cornucopia of amazing goodies. Seriously.I adore the furniture, rugs, home pieces BUT, honestly, I go straight to the very back of the store & indulge in their edible delights. My ultimate childhood favorite, Arnotts Original Chocolate Cookies (Tim Tams) from Australia are sold here! I almost didn't want to divulge that info but I'm not that selfish. Please, grab yourself a box & taste how insanely chocolatey good it is.There are other treats from all over the world, hence, World Market. I could spend hours here but I wont. Maybe. Not sure yet. All in all, if you're looking for some rare treats, adorable quality home goods or you just want to browse in a beautiful store, come here. You won't be disappointed. :)
4	Cost Plus is my go-to place for unique, interesting, and/or tasty gifts. If you've never been, it's a store that sells home goods like cups, plates, some furniture, and the like, but also sells wine and beer, international foods, a wide range of unconventional/international candies, and other random knick-knacks, toys, and seasonal items. While I'm not much of a home goods shopper, it's always fun to wander through all the sections and look around. The food section is def. worth a visit as you find all sorts of stuff you want (or want to buy for others). Every Christmas, I end up buying stocking stuffers for friends and family here, and I'm always pleased with what I find.Prices can be a little high - they sell a candy bar I like for $5, when I can now get two for $6 at Walgreens. However, they do have a lot more options than you'll find at places like Walmart or Target. If you like building gift baskets or need ideas for a hard-to-shop-for person, this would be my first recommendation for somewhere you should look. Cost Plus - come for the "Hey, what's this store? Let's go in and check it out," stay for the candy bars and cool seasonal stuff.
5	My future house would be filled with stuff from Cost Plus! This is where I buy my loacker Quadratini too :)
4	Cost Plus will always be one of the first places I go to when I am in search of decorations for my house. It is also one of the first places I drag others to when they want a home makeover.They are smart. There is no relative sales time from what I can gather. Items just appear on ridiculous sales and you have to be a regular to obtain these steals. The last time I went, we got a coffee and end table for a third of the original price. Cost Plus is like the poor man's Restoration Hardware. They blend wood and metal to make rustic pieces that bring warmth and modernization to a home.I just wish I didn't have to blindly wait for goods to come my way.
4	This is one of those places that I can spend an hour in and not even notice it. I like walking in and looking at everything. They have so many unique and delicious things in the store.  I may walk in for one item but will always leave with a ton
5	WOW Just from the word you think it might be a food place like trader joe's or something and not stop in for that reason AVOID THIS .. They have SOOO many cool things reclaimed mirrors,art work in cool window hangers,mortor and pestals, lots of cool hampers, woks, huge drink import section I am drinking my coffee soda thank you. Lost of cool import stuff. They had a really cool lawn stuff. Its such a collection of things. I think I spent 120 in there for about 1 hr they have stuff from all over the world. So its not just a food place !!! must stop
4	I'm glad they call it a market!!!Understanding that one place or one business is a single market was kinda hard to understand, generally your either one thing or the other. But Cost Plus pulls the carpet from under traditional shopping and turns it in it's head. Whatever occasion, whatever you think you want or might need this business has a range of cool stuff you might be looking for. I've never been to any other cost plus but I'm aware they  have them in a lot of different places in California and Nevada. Products ranging from home furniture, art, alcohol and my favorite International foods!! This is where I get all my Australian Tim Tams, Bundaberg Ginger beer and Vegemite from. They have plenty of British food as well, with assort sweets and lollies (candy for the Americans).I was going to give this business 5 stars but they run out of some stuff a little to quickly.OverallService: 4-5Selection: 5-5Coming back: always
4	Cost Plus World Market has long been one of my favorite stores.  If I was to work in retail I would work here becaus eI like it so much.  I love all the funky things they have from furniture, to doshes, to soap and everyhing in between.  Honestly, I don't ever buy much when I come in here and mostly it is the same things each time.  I like their selection of craft and imported beers.  I like that they have a wide variety of wines and even small bottles of some vintages.  I often find myself browsing through the old fashioned and lesser known sodas like Moxy and BubbleUp.  Truthfully though, what I purchase most often is the Chimes Orange Ginger Chews.  I love them so much more than I thought I would.  I originally got them for travel as ginger is good for the upset stomach one might suffer on a mountain road.  I quickly became addicted and chew them on a semi regular basis.  And Cost Plus has them.  They also have a candy that sold like crack in high school.  The French import Bon Bons.  Little marble sized chewy fruit flavored candies that once you start eating you cannot stop.  This is a quirky store that I cannot get enough of even if it is just to go in and look around.
5	Simply put - Love this store. Great selection. Friendly staff. Food I can't find at just any store.
5	Such an awesome store! My daughter and I love going there. I suggest going with time and money because you will not be able to leave without buying stuff and they have so much to look at you just want to see everything!
4	I love checking this store. Overall this a great place to find gifts or treats for yourself when you want something a little different. They are always super helpful anytime of day. The one down fall sometimes is that some things seemed to be priced a little high. But thats maybe just because its different?
4	Well since the closest one to my house closed I was pleased to find this one. From the moment I walked in the employees were very nice and very helpful. The store was clean and organized. I was looking for new decor for my master bathroom and they had just about everything I needed.  And the candles smelled really nice too.
3	Assuming you don't die in the parking lot*, once you make it inside the store, there's a lot of great finds here: good wine selection, plenty of international snack foods, seasonal decor, and artisan jewelry/accessories.Their wines are carefully curated and I love how knowledgeable the staff are about the varieties they carry: the Dreaming Tree cab and Midnight Menagea Trois are among my favorite wines.Snacks: they have several small cheese samplers, various crackers and flatbreads, and some smoked meats for snacking on with or without your wine in hand.In additional to seasonal decor, there are a lot of home furnishing items- style is similar to Pier 1's bohemian chic vibe, love the furniture here.Join their e-club for discounts, sales alerts, and a $10 gift card on your birthday!*Seriously though, the parking lot is a fuster-cluck, drive with caution.
4	This is a great store! It's like Pier One meets Trader Joe's. They have very upscale home decor and a nice wine selection. Very nice selection of imported food items, things you'd only find at the International Market.
5	This place is magical. I ventured in on a whim before Christmas. I made the terrible mistake of not getting a cart/basket. Silly girl. Found myself in the back of the store all sorts of goodies piled in my arms. Thankfully the genius who designed this store was smart enough to put baskets in the back. So I unloaded my treats into a basket and continued on in wander. Japanese candy for my best friend, salmon skin treats for the furballs in my life, flavored coffee syrups for my mother (s'more flavor...exotic, lol) European candy, Thai tea!!! Furniture, toys, bath section, kitchen gadgets, wines! Sensory overload. Exhausted and enthralled I made my way to the cashier. They have a members club! Free! Signed up and now I receive coupons. I have gone back several times now. It's a wonderful place to find unexpected gifts for those you love and hard to find specialty food items. Like I said before and I mean it. This place is magical!
5	I love Cost Plus and I always have. This store in particular had good inventory and staff and I always enjoy my shopping excursions here.I love browsing the shelves and I never feel rushed when I'm here. Bonus points for their candy and beer selections.
