5	When I need a car wash this is where I always go! The pressure is so much better than terribles hand wash. I do go somewhere else when I need a detail and I have never used their smog check before. This is a great car wash in the south end of town and if you live close or passing bye, get you car washed here.
5	Went here for the first time yesterday and was very impressed. Used the drive through and had the interior cleaned and wheels dressed. Luis was amazing!!!! He's very detailed and takes him time to make sure everything is cleaned to perfection. I've never had such a great car wash for $15.
1	Went to get a smog check and failed because my check engine light was on... I had no idea that in the State of Nevada that it was an automatic "No Pass" if your check engine light is on. Not only was the guy unfriendly, he was rude when he demanded the money as if I wasn't going to pay him & immediately told me the test failed after I handed him the cash. The people at Terrible Herbst on Flamingo were very helpful to try and assist me with the issue. I WILL NEVER AGAIN GIVE A DOLLAR OF MY MONEY TO THIS OASIS BUSINESS AGAIN! Not even for a car wash!! I'll go to Terrible Herbst instead!*I know it's "illegal" for a smog tech to say anything to you, but I find it strange that the reasons you can fail are Posted all over the Nevada DMV site, but the smog techs are not allowed to mention what is openly posted on the web. What sense does that make? It's public information. I still refuse to do any business at Oasis since the guy was unfriendly & rude!
5	So I am new here to Las Vegas, yesterday I decided to wash my car at Oasis Auto Spa (their other location). The people there were great and did an awesome job washing my car. I came across a sign for a smog for 15.95, the gentleman there explained where to go for it.Today I found myself here at the smog station. When I got there I was greeted with kindness and directed to the smog parking. The guy there seemed busy due to the four cars in front of me. But he was fast and got us all done quickly. Being my first time registering in Nevada I really didn't know how to go about registering my vehicle and what  documents I needed. The smog guy explained everything to me so I was not lost at the dmv. I want to thank the people there for helping. Now I have to dred the fact the dmv is crazy here. I will be returning to both locations due to great customer service. -Jayson Reynolds
