5	Modern, authentically Scottish styled bar with a very relaxed atmosphere and a large selection of unusual whiskies. Cool.
3	Best part was the Cask Ales on tap. Fresh and crisp Scottish Ales. Otherwise it was a typical place for students or young hipsters. The atmosphere is woody and relaxing, though, so if it drew an artier crowd, it might liven it up a bit.
4	The drink isn't cheap and be careful of stepping on too many tourists' toes, but I like this place.  Careful of grabbing a seat near the door during the colder seasons as the draught can be pretty bad.  Instead head up to the back of the bar, through the little lanes either side of the TV.  There you'll find the tables at the back - nice and quiet, perfect for a chat and a few drinks imbibed from the Albanach's range of abnormally shaped pint glasses!
4	As far as Royal Mile bars go, this one is quite reasonable. It's decor is a little more interesting and out there than the usual pubs in the area, with a modern twist. It stocks a huge range of whiskies, which was our reason for going as my English visitor was determined to try something a little different. The young guy behind the bar spent ages talking over different whiskeys with him (which got very boring for me) and he eventually picked one, and then another and another. The drinks weren't cheap, but being prime tourist area everything is overpriced.
3	The Albanach is situated very conveniently on the walk down Cockburn Street from the Old Town to Princes Street, and it's also on the Royal Mile, so people, very often tourists, pile in from every different direction for some easy access alcohol. It feels pretty warm and welcoming in here, and definitely to the point where it feels inviting enough to stay for more than a couple of beverages. There are whisky options aplenty, plus a menu of Scottish favourites, which I'd probably say are more for the benefit of curious tourists, rather than food offerings I'd be likely to take up on a regular basis. The drinks aren't exactly the cheapest either, but a night out along the Royal Mile is hardly ever going to be a thrifty experience, so it's to be expected. Not somewhere I'd go every weekend for a drink, as I don't feel I can chill in here quite as easily as I can in other bars, but very handy and perfectly pleasant nonetheless.
4	The Albanach stands out from other other traditional pubs in the area because it puts a modern twist on its decor, dining and whisky menu.It's a whisky bar offering a colourful variety of drams. It is priced accordingly, so a stiff shot in here doesn't come cheap. Saying that, it's interesting learning about whiskeys from the well versed bar staff, and the wide variety of tasty Scottish malts will wet a lot of tourist appetites.They have a nice menu, again putting a modern, fresh twist on traditional pub classics. I'm pretty sure they had cullen skink - everywhere on the Royal Mile has cullen bloody skink - but the food looks tasty, so I'll gladly take it. As for drinking in here, it's pretty busy throughout all times of the day. It seems just as popular with locals as it is with passing travellers, so that's a good sign that it's universal. Nae bad, like!
3	Located on what must be the most culturally empty street in Edinburgh, the Albanach sums up everything that is wrong about the way the city is portrayed to the clueless tourists. Twee, tacky, and so far removed from everything about actual Scottish life and culture that it may as well be on the moon.To be fair, by sprucing it up a bit they have tried to move slightly away from the stereotypical Royal Mile pub template, but not far enough.
3	This is one of the better bars on the Royal Mile, but still suffers from the same problems as all the others. It is pricey, atmosphereless and designed for tourists. Split into two, both parts are always absolutely packed, owing to its location right in the centre of the Mile. It is a bit of a pain to drink in there, as you have no space and people are always barging into you.The drinks are massively overpriced, and you can expect to wait a while before being served. The staff, if a little overworked, are pretty friendly and try their best. One of the best parts of the pub is the little outside seating are where you can have a drink and people watch on the Royal Mile. Apart from this though, there are few reasons to come to this pub
3	On a 2 day visit to Edinburgh, this was the first and last place we dined.  On the way in, because of a recommendation at checkin.  On the way out, to sample a few more scotches that sounded tempting.Obviously I liked the well-written scotch menu.  I also liked the appetizer portion of haggis (for when you aren't totally sure you will still like it, when it's been 8 years since your last visit and there was A Lot of pints involved in the prior revelation of "hey!  This haggis stuff is tasty!"). I also was glad to find a place I could bring my 7 year old.  She was totally into the Mac and cheese, which was soupy and considerably sharp, and really tasty...  but not cheap, by a longshot.
4	The food was great; the service really spotty. If you are a tourist visiting Scotland and you have no idea what to eat, coming here would be a great idea. Over 100 whiskeys and all kinds of traditional scottish food, it's a great sample of scotland. We started out with a starter portion of haggis with neep and tatties. Having never had haggis before, i was impressed with how tasty it was. So when we were finally seated, i ordered the balamore chicken stuffed with haggis. Unfortunately, the chicken was a bit dry, but the gravy made up for it. The pesto penne was a bit greasy, but tasty. Sure the place is a bit expensive, and touristy, but if you don't know where you're going and what you're eating, and you have a very short amount of time in Edinburgh, this is definitely a great place to start.
4	Ah the Albanach, so much whiskey.  Went there several times, food is good, whiskey selection is amazing, environment is very nice.  Waitresses are hot.  Had breakfast one morning, full Scottish of course, was perfect.  They have interesting aged whiskey's at a fair price.  Although I recently found out via a friend that Islay is the home to true Scotch whiskey, the other regions produce "cooking whiskey".  Who knew?
3	Lager Cold  Fine
4	Mmm, mmm!Considering The Albanach is located on the Royal Mile, it is a decently priced place serving quality food, with some real scottish flavours on the menu  how about haggis or cullen skink for starters, trout for your main, and cranachan for dessert? The food is delicous, though perhaps lacks a little flair, which makes it a safe-bet for tourists, and an ideal place to take a visitor from out of town. The menu also includes tasty salads, delicious burgers (Aberdeen angus beef of course) and classic sticky toffee pudding/cheese platter options  I definitely recommend the cheese.There is also a fantastic range of whiskies, so when you are done with your meal you can retire to the bar area to continue the scottish taste sensation.The building is separated into two different areas, with a bar area on the Royal Mile (complete with outdoor seating on fine days) and a restaurant out the back, with views out over Cockburn Street. Service is patchy  attentive at times, but slow at others, but the staff are always friendly. Washrooms are down a steep set of stairs, so it may not be the ideal place for someone unsteady on their feet.
5	The secluded restaurant hidden at the back of this little pub is a real gem. It's a warm, cozy, quiet little place overlooking Cockburn street that's seldom busy and has the most magnificent Scottish pub-food imaginable. Don't let the hustle and bustle of the main bar put you off, the restaurant is really quaint and the prices are very reasonable.
5	As you walk inside The Albanch, it's just plain cool. Period. The warm wood walls and the spacious bar and the cozy nooks in the back felt immediately welcoming. Our sever greeted us and took us to a table along the large windows facing Cockburn Street. The old world views of the alleys out the back definitely felt very Edinburgh. At first glance, I was having trouble deciding on what to order. Nothing seemed to pop out at me and I wasn't sure I was even feeling "pub fare". However, as our waitress walked up, I suddenly eyed the "Mull of Kintyre Macaroni". We asked the waitress what her favorite items were and she suggested the Balmoral Chiceken or the Mull of Kintyre Macaroni. So that's what we went with. Boy, we were glad that's what we picked! Everything was fantastic. I scarfed up every bite of the goeey macaroni goodness.The service was fantastic and we really enjoyed our server. She was friendly and conversational. It was a great last meal for our visit to Edinburgh. We definitely wanted to stay longer in Edinburgh and The Albanach only added to our desire to stay in Edinburgh. Loved it!
3	The Albanach is a decent place, but expensive and clearly aimed at tourists on High Street. The food and whisky selection are decent, and the interior is comfortable. The service was not great. It was slow to order, slow to get food, and we literally had to wait almost an hour to pay for our bill and leave. We'd wanted to order dessert and whisky, but since we'd apparently been forgotten about by the staff we finally gave up on that idea.
3	My family came here to eat dinner after visiting the Edinburgh Castle because it was a convenient walk and my sister had noticed their "We serve traditional Scottish food all day!" sign outside. We had just arrived to Scotland not that long ago and were curious about their traditional food. We'd noticed that the outdoor seating was filled with people drinking ales and having a good time chatting, which may be a sign that this is a popular place for beer. However, we weren't planning on drinking and were seated more inside.Our waiter was very friendly, was quick to give us water, and gave us ample time to decide what we wanted to order. We ordered the:Beer-battered Haddock served with tartar sauce, chips and peas (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gqsU03i-WiyYHcBCdwObuQ?select=haaFamY1ZlwsVCi_0ftqiw#haaFamY1ZlwsVCi_0ftqiw) - This dish was very good. There were two giant slabs of fried haddock whose batter was fried to golden and crispy and meat was super tender and flaky. The haddock is no doubt super fresh and had an amazing texture. The chips were like steak fries, thick and fried to a crisp on the outside and chunky and soft on the inside. The peas were cooked perfectly and looked like little emerald gems! Highly recommended!Wee Taste of Haggis (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gqsU03i-WiyYHcBCdwObuQ?select=haaFamY1ZlwsVCi_0ftqiw#uRPJ2wLKBwBYxc9-R5xNDg) - Okay, so we were obviously curious about the infamous Scottish haggis and couldn't leave town without trying it. I'm glad they offered a smaller portion of haggis on their menu, probably knowing that some people only want to try it but not eat a heaping pile. My parents thought they did a good job getting rid of the lamb stench (our family's not big on eating lamb), but I could instantly taste the pungency of lamb with a small scoop and had to wash it down immediately. Even though I was not a fan of this haggis dish (or ANY haggis dish anywhere, now I've learned), my parents weren't completely averse to it. The yam and mashed potatoes lacked seasoning and we could not finish it.Scottish Beef Stew and Dumplings (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gqsU03i-WiyYHcBCdwObuQ?select=haaFamY1ZlwsVCi_0ftqiw#4Sa988-sWLkRkDISc_hTrQ) - This dish was all right, nothing bad but nothing spectacular about it. The beef stew was not as thick as I was expecting it to be, but the restaurant was pretty generous with their meat portions. The dumplings were a little big and doughy, but were not bad once cut up into smaller pieces and dunked in the stew. The stew was served with regular bread and butter, which we couldn't finish.Black Pudding and Goat Cheese Stack (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gqsU03i-WiyYHcBCdwObuQ?select=haaFamY1ZlwsVCi_0ftqiw#ooV3M_kzV-FpAHFUG53ROg) - So, here is the lamb again. Initially, my sister suggested we order it since we were on a roll with trying Scottish food, but I did not know what black pudding was. Apparently, it's congealed lamb blood. I tried a little of the black pudding with goat cheese (which I am also not a big fan of), but the lamb stench was still too much to bear. After this dish, I think it is safe to say that for me, lamb is only for the eyes and not food. In the end, even my parents could not finish this dish. However, they did enjoy the caramelized red onion chutney very much!So, needless to say, I'm quite torn about The Albanach. On one hand, I really liked their haddock, but our family, in a brave attempt to try traditional Scottish food, could not seem to adapt to the pungent taste of the lamb. The prices were reasonable for their portions, though, and the service was also decent.
4	This was a really cool place. The girl behind the bar was extremely nice, which helped since I was on my own and it was early for lunch so the place wasn't overly full. It was the first time I'd ever tried haggis, and it was very good. I loved the whisky cream sauce they gave with it. There is a good selection of scotch whisky (I think it's hard to find a bad selection around Scotland), and the beers are alright, but nothing special on tap. It isn't the cheapest place to eat though, but I think the food has the quality to warrant the increase in price.
3	A Whisky trail stop gastro-pub is quite busy wasn't so friendly
4	Really enjoyed the atmosphere here. Loved the Scottish salmon and the whisky cream sauce. Oh and the sticky toffee pudding. One server was incompetent. The others were wonderful.
4	I occasionally travel to Edinburgh on business. For convenience sake, I stay near the Royal Mile. The Albanach is hands down the best pub within a 10 minute walk of my hotel. Three reasons: First, the food is flavorful and plentiful (try the veggie burger, even if you're not a vegetarian). Second, the whiskey selection is fantastic. Third, the management and wait staff is helpful, low-key, and friendly.
2	We stopped in here for a quick lunch.  The waitress told us we have to sit near the kitchen or a table for two in the back.  Not a warm welcome.  We got the fried cheese appetizer.  It was good and fresh but the fried flavor was strong.  I got the stew with dumplings.  I was surprised at how small the portion was.  The dumplings tasted so strong of rosemary.  This was probably my least favorite meal in Edinburgh.
3	Stopped here for a hearty traditional Scottish breakfast to fill up the ole lunchbox. You do get your monkeys worth in weight, big plate with all the fixings, toast, beans, Haggis, mixed sausage and more. Overall the meal was good but a little bland, maybe due to that's the way Scots eat the traditional breakfast, but a little seasoning could never hurt. Good atmosphere on the Royal Mile, but food was just ok.
4	Every time someone visits me from a foreign country, I bring them here. Although it's on the Royal Mile, this is anything but a tourist trap - the food is traditional, but delicious, and has a cozy atmosphere without too much tartan. I have never eaten anything bad here, but the venison sausages and the cranachan come highly recommended.I'm not a whisky drinker - I hear their selection is extensive, though - but I am an ale fan, and was a bit disappointed in the lack of Scottish ales on tap.
4	We stopped in here post dinner for a drink.  I had a champagne cocktail, sorry Scots, don't hate me, I just can't drink whisky, and certainly not straight with a bit of ice.  People looked happy with their drinks though.  Also the selection was vast.I had a good time, despite not being a whisky drinker!
3	This place is the first pub I ever went to when I came to Scotland and went up on the royal mile. I will never forget you Albanach, you were my first...... haha but seriously its a great pub , has a great menu selection( this was also the place I had my first haggis, god I love haggis), a lot of whiskeys and other beers and drink , and really good staff. They usually have a special on the menu too, which I find is really refreshing (to find a pub with a special I feel like you don't see that that often). But the food is good and the place is clean at least every time I have been in. The restrooms are hidden downstairs and can be a little messy at times but thats only been when its been super super busy I feel like but otherwise they are passable. Staff here for me have always been super nice. They have gotten me a table promptly even when it was packed and cleaned the table for me asap once when I quickly snagged a table from someone leaving. So yea great little place, if you want it to be your first The Albanach will not fail you! The only reason you get a 3 is I don't want you to be perfect and I am leaving room for improvement :)
3	Wasn't a fan of the Fish & Chips. Can't mess up a bottle of Innis & Gunn, so 3 stars for having a nice outside patio and enough room inside to house a crowd. Too many other pubs around to give this a second try.
3	A perfectly serviceable and cozy option on the Royal Mile. It's inoffensive and the tourists will probably love it, as it's stacked with Scottish feeling. One niggle is the seating, which I always feel there isn't enough of. The pub itself has a nice atmosphere, but the long galley style means that seating is stacked up against one side of the room and there's not really all that many spots to pull up a pew. However, it's a friendly little place, and location-wise is well oriented. Nice spot for a catch up with a friend.
4	My first full Scottish breakfast was eaten at this location. Mainly because it seemed to be the likely place to go when I looked around a bit. Full Scottish breakfast complete with haggis and with a Glenmorangie hot toddy was perfect for a cold day. Huge amount of food for a reasonable price considering it's located on the Royal Mile.My wait person/bartender was very knowledgeable about whisky. Seeing as I know less than nothing about whisky, it was nice to get the crash course in whisky.
3	It's a decent pub but doesn't stand out from the crowd in that area. It does have a huge selection of single malt whisky and the bar staff know their stuff about the products and are willing to spend time with customers to make recommendations.
4	The food was really, really delicious. My mom and I got the vegetarian cheese platter which came with a selection of three cheeses, a bunch of green and kalamata olives, a delicious chutney of se kind, bread, butter, and salad. There was lots of cheese, and lots of olives, they didn't skimp. I also got a whiskey on the rocks just to try, and a coke- both were reasonably priced. The one area that wasn't great was the service- I don't like to say this because everyone seemed quite nice but no one was very helpful! We couldn't figure out how the seating worked, and I asked the guy behind the bar if we could sit anywhere. So we did.....and no one came to help us. So we got up and moved to a different area and got service. We didn't understand how it worked, it was obvious, and some direction would've been nice. Also the service was a little clumsy and no one seemed very knowledgable. I'm sure behind the bar they are but the waitresses were just kind of off. Really nice, but a little awkward. Overall, however, I'd go back.
