4	Good quick convienant coffee location. Service is good and friendly
4	On my previous visit to this Starbuck's, they were experimenting with Dutch seating (a large table). Obviously it did not work. The upshot is that this Starbucks got another makeover. There are now four seating arrangements: 1. square tables, 2. a bar facing the shopping center, 3. cushion chairs arranged in a circle, and 4. an outdoor patio. Regardless that this cafe is over six years old, everything appears new.
3	Nice location with tough parking and a great patio. Staff is friendly but this location is pretty packed.
4	This is the only starbucks that I've been to that makes my venti iced quad shot soy white mocha PERFECTLY, and this is the only starbucks that I've been to where the workers actually don't correct me on how I order my drink (I am not a barista, what do you expect?) The only complaint I have about this starbucks is that it is FREEZING inside, and their music is blasted so loud, I can hear it through my headphones (when the volume is on the maximum setting).  Over all, the taste of my coffee matters and it was delicious!
5	This Starbucks is busy in the morning. They are nice at the counter and the barista always makes my drink correct. On nice days, they have a little courtyard where you can hang out and read a book or catch up with friends. I see morning bicyclist meet there before or after their weekend rides together. It's also a good place to people watch. This is where you can see a nice cross-section of what kind of people there are in Henderson.
5	green tea frappe with caramel on the cup!
3	I find this location to have friendly staff, but I am unimpressed with the lack of general cleanliness and maintenance at this location. The front Starbucks light was buzzing and flickering so I moved outside, but overall I observed that the staff and manager are not very attentive to cleanliness detail at this location. THE PARKING CAN BE EXTREMELY DIFFICULT at this location.
4	ItsSo close to the house loves it
4	Tucked in the corner of the Smiths shopping plaza.. this place is a great place to grab coffee. Although the parking in that corner area is a bit congested, I come back for the good service and consistency in the coffee. Baristas here know what they are doing. The pastry selection is not great but this is a smaller location and I love that its adjacent to a large patio area with fountain. I can get my caffeine fix and let my boys play in the area outside without being disruptive.
2	I love Starbucks and I live right by here so I come often but seriously every time I come at night, even if it is a few hours before closing, they mop and sweep right under my feet. They even ask me to move my feet. It may just be me, but that is a huge pet peeve of mine. I don't like dust going everywhere and the smell of a mop bucket as I'm trying to eat or drink. Isn't that what closing is for? I have worked in the food industry and I understand wanting to get out of there as soon as possible, but  wait to mop/sweep during closing!
4	I've been to this Starbucks once before and I find it to be a good option when I'm in the area.  What could have been better than stop here and get my four shot espresso on ice after a 6.5 mile hike?The barista was working as fast as he could and the counter clerk was trying hard, but things got backed up because a member of the cast of the "Real Housewives of Henderson" (if there was such a show) was in front of me ordering 4 drinks and several sandwiches.  Since she didn't listen to what was explained to her, she had to ask again.  That was the one detriment to my visit today.  I wish I could have booted her off the island.  I know, mixed metaphor.
5	Love Love Love. There's not much to be said. If you make my coffee good I will love you forever. end of story.Super fast service, clean quiet environment. They never make a mistake. I got free coffee from their drive through TWICE =-) because they said I waited too long. Thank you!!
5	Always great!!
2	I've been to a lot of Starbucks in town and they are all just about the same. This little store, in the southern part of the valley, I would have thought the service would have been better. With all the bad service in town, Starbucks is usually the exception. The service here was not bad, just non-existent. The girl at the register didn't smile even once and the older gentleman who made my drink never even once made eye contact with me.It may be a little thing, but its one of my pet peeves, when a barista can't even take a second to put a warmer sleeve on the cup. Too bad Starbucks, you're better than this.
1	Was unhappy obviously too busy to handle or just think they are too good. I was upset because after waiting in line and getting only my food item, I stood and waited and waited as all the people from behind me received there orders and were on there way. Me I had to stand in line again and ask for my order again they made me wait again until they were good and ready to get it to me and I was given to me with a very snarky attitude. I think they know they are the only game in town. This location is by far the best at making me feel very unimportant as a customer so I will not be back and will not spend another nickel at this location please avoid, I am sure there is another one up the street.
4	This location is in a great spot!  I love the huge patio area outside!  Couches and tables in a covered area are available for you to meet and relax with friends and family.  There always seem to have a great number of staff on hand to help everyone in line so it goes quickly.  The coffee drinks are consistent and delicious! I called and asked if they had some of their seasonal Christmas Blend coffee in yet.  I was informed of the date and told that they currently have their Thanksgiving Blend.  The barista explained the flavors.  When I got to the front of the line with the Thanksgiving Blend in hand she asked if I was the one who had called.  I told her yes and she offered me a sample of the coffee!  So now I have two favorite coffee for this time of year!There is no drive through at this location and parking near the entrance can be tough at times.  I always park a few rows over and walk a few extra steps to avoid the parking. There are several other restaurants in the area so one stop shopping for coffee, breakfast, lunch & dinner.  I'll be back in the near future!
3	It's a starbucks, They're not at all that different from one another. Sunday mornings are crazy, and this one wasn't anything out of the ordinary from the ones back home. Though I did try a new flavour Cinnamon Dulce latte YUM! Yuppies abound, and while this is a corporate store, there is a franchise one across the parking lot in the grocery store. YAY FREE ENTERPRISE! Color me amused.
4	This Starbucks has always been great. Before you even walk in, there is a nice and open patio where you can relax and drink your coffee. Inside, you are welcomed with warm colors and a friendly atmosphere. The cashier took a while to get my order right since there were other people in line as well, but they ended up getting it right eventually. This place would have gotten five stars if it wasn't for their prices. I bought one venti iced vanilla latte and also a grande coffee for my dad and it ended up being around 11 bucks! A bit pricey, but I will be back because of the convenient location and great coffee.
3	Its located in a good area, and the patio area is right on eastern, which has a small fountain. The quality of food and coffee is same as their other stores, how ever there are a lot of kids handing out at this location, so it could get loud. There was a family eating  little caesars pizza and it seemed like they had been their for a while taking shelter in the store. Overall, its a good location if you want to do a quick stop for a coffee and a snack. If you want to eat at the restaurant than go to Panera Breads. Better quality food and drinks.
4	i think most Starbucks are the same, consistent good customer services and good food. The barista will try to please you as much as your weird taste will allow. Even the customer who chilled here are friendly
3	Easy in, easy out. Friendly staff that got the drinks out quickly. Lounge was clean. Seems a little odd that there is a Starbucks nearly right next door, just across the parking lot, in the grocery store. Plenty of parking.
1	All Starbucks are the same, the only thing that differs is the service of the baristas and at this location they're so SLOW! And this is because they're chatting and on their cell phones. I've experienced this multiple times and it's frustrating when a 5 minute coffee takes 15!
5	This is the best Starbucks I have ever been to! It is the cleanest and they have the most friendly and accommodating partners! I will definitely come back!
5	Today they finally got my coffee spot on with out me ordering it.... That's service that counts in the morning... Was having a bad morning till this point and it really cheered me up. Love this place
