5	I fully agree with Bil Z. --- the food is a little overpriced and not worthy of 5 stars, but the concept of this restaurant / movie theater makes up for it many times over.  It's surprising there aren't more of these places around.  The food is on par with typical 4 star hotel (Hilton, Hyatt, etc.) restaurants both in terms of quality and price.  The decor is reminiscent of art deco style theaters.  Sound and projection quality doesn't compare to a large chain, but the intimate atmosphere makes up for it.  Here's a tip -- go to restaurant.com and you can usually find coupons for $25 off which can be purchased for $5-$10.  Enjoy!
4	Okay, I have to admit... I did not want to go here.  The mere thought of eating dinner while watching a film among other diners... I have enough trouble getting idiots to shut up when I'm at a normal theater...But was I pleasantly surprised.  The menu is varied, and the food is good, but not great.  I've had the teriyaki steak and the shrimp fettucine, and both really hit the spot.  The films are not first run, but are what you would expect from ppv or out on video, but you get to see it on the big screen.  And all in all, it was quieter than when I go Harkins or Loews or any of the other theaters.
4	My brothers friend's family owns this place so of course I think it's great. I have been here with my family and we had a fun time. The concept of Farrelli's is to enjoy a movie while eating dinner. As a person who plans out everything I really like the idea. Farrelli's has a awesome atmosphere that looks like an old fashioned movie theater with a fancy dining room instead of seats. The reason I give Farelli's four stars is because the OK food was a bit over my price range. Still a fun place to go from time to time!
4	I went to see the 5 p.m. showing of "Evan Almighty" recently and had a fun experience. The theatre is unlike any movie theatre I've ever been to and I love that you can order dinner and cocktails during the screening. The menu is large and diverse and there's even a children's menu. This is a good place for families and couples. It's not ideal for a night out with the girls.
5	Farrelli's Cinema Supper Club is exactly what the name would imply... a place to have dinner/drinks while eating dinner. The unspoken part is that it is FUN.Management requests that you make reservations and it helps to secure a good seat. You place your order before the movie starts and receive your food during the previews. The staff is helpful, and operates very quietly throughout the film. The movies are second-run. During a recent newsletter, ownership explained that the market power of the multiplex (Harkin's) prevents them from getting the first run movies. The selection is good. They generally show 4-6 movies and I have seen Casino Royale, Blades of Glory, POTC: Black Pearl and Spiderman III there. The food is good, but a little pricey. I always order the Chicken Farrelli (chicken, artichokes, potatoes) which is phenomenal. The menu includes appewtizers, salads, burgers, sandwiches and entrees.For something a little different and BETTER than the multiplex, try Farrelli's.
5	This place has it all...1) Drinks - A wonderful bar area to relax with a cocktail and chat before dinner.2) Dinner - A great menu from affordable sandwiches, to fish and steak, and even desert. You get cute little buzzers to summon the waiter during the movie.3) Movie - A great view of the screen from wherever you dine, and comfortable tables. Plus, the movies are relatively new releases.Two thumbs up!!!http://www.farrellis.com
4	You can't spell Fun without an F. And in this case, the F stands for Farrelli's. Talk about a great way to spend an evening! I ain't gonna lie. You can easily rack up a pretty lofty bill, especially when you're ordering wine by the glass and $9.50 appetizers that taste too good to be true. My fave has to be the Garlic Shrimp Pizza, though it was a tad too greasy. Also good: Baked Brie L' Orange and the Fruit/Cheese plate. Farrelli's offers a large drink selection, including featured cocktails and seasonal beers. But, for the wine lover, you'll be happily pleased to see their expansive wine list. You can buy by the glass or the bottle. Prices start at 7 and go up to 9.50 for their suggested Earthquake Cab. I had a glass of that (very good), as well as the Round Hill Cab, which I preferred. A movie will cost ya $8.50. But seriously, it's not the price that matters. It's the experience. Picture this: You place a simple phone call into Farrelli's and tell them you want to make a reservation for (insert time here) for (this many people here). They put your name on the list, then advise you to arrive 30 minutes before showing so they can seat you and take your order. You are welcome to arrive even sooner and take a seat in their bar, which boasts pictures of Hollywood stars, including the timeless Marilyn Monroe. The theater itself feels more like a larger lounge area, with a movie screen. You sit in comfortable leather chairs at a round table. Best thing of all? You can simply push a button during the movie and your server will answer. What is it that you needed? No worries. At the end of the movie, you get a bill, much like at a restaurant. You can split it up however you feel like it. My close friend said, "Don't be alarmed by the bill." Thanks for the warning, for between the three of us, it was $125 w/o tip. I guess every once in a while you just need to spoil yourself, right? If you go with someone (or a few someones) and you all can agree on a wine to order, I suggest ordering a bottle. It's the one piece of advice I'd bestow on anyone going here. Also, no need to dress to the 9's. This place will welcome you in jeans and chucks! Farrelli's is a great experience. I recommend it for everyone - friends, family, a date. The movies they offer here aren't new releases, but they manage. (Be forewarned: Their "advertisements" at the start of the film are hideous. We're talking center alignment with ugly font and sentences that never end... Oy vey.)I will definitely be back!
3	I'm really torn about Farrelli's. The concept is fabulous: lunch or dinner at the movies. And their Fall movie festival is fantastic, with classics like Breakfast at Tiffany's (which I had never seen before today), and the upcoming Beetlejuice, The Unforgiven, Forrest Gump, and the Wizard of Oz. I just wish their food was as good as their menu made it sound.We settled on the Baked Brie al'orange, and at first we thought the waitress had brought us out something quite other than what the menu described. Turns out the orange marmalade and candied pecans were a fine sprinkling on top of the cheese, under the layer of so-called puff pastry. The puff pastry was "dead," so to speak, as if it had been out and in the fridge for days. The brie was not very high quality, and the bread was stale. My burger was overcooked, and Hubby's veggie wrap was just ok, but we agree that the fries were really good and super crispy. The iced tea was good and strong, and the waitress kept our glasses filled. I wished we had gotten the popcorn, as we had when we came here before. God, I dream about that popcorn. Like what you would make at home on the stove, with salt and real butter- if you had the energy, that is.The seats were comfy, and the audience full of women kept pretty quiet, except the times when Holly's cat was in danger and nearly abused. We're headed back for "The Unforgiven", another classic I have never seen, but plan to choose other menu items. Maybe just the popcorn....
4	What a fun place in Scottsdale. Dinner and a movie you cant beat that. Plus drinks. On the plus side the food was very good. If you stay with sandwiches you can get away with a dinner for 10 bucks and under for one person plus drink. They have about 8 sandwiches. And don't get me wrong this isn't your moms turkey and wheat toast . Mine was a Fillet Mi non with Blue Cheese crumble sandwich on a roll. It was oh so tasty and the meat was tender and juicy. The service is excellent they leave a little flashing square thingy for the waiter if you need anything during the show. The drinks are about average for Scottsdale I got a 20 oz blue moon for 5.50 and my woman got a glass of wine for about 8 bucks. Both our dinners came with a choice of Salad or Fries. We had salads. They were very good too and fresh! The average price for an entree here that isn't a salad and sandwich is about 18-35 bucks. Desserts range from 4-9 bucks and appetizers 5-15 depending on the specials and such. You can get fresh popcorn as an appetizer and they bring it out fancy style in a black dish. Overall I say this is a very fun place to take a date or try once in a while. Its pretty expensive if you go all out but you can also do well if you pick the lesser items. Total for dinner and movie for us was 77 bucks plus tip. That included an appetizer (burchetta) 2 beers 2 glasses of wine 2 dinner sandwiches with salad and 2 movie tickets Enjoy!
1	If it wasn't for the bad food I would go here more than once or twice a year.  The meat was dry and tough in my first entree and not edible in my second. Now when my wife drags me here to watch a movie, I order a salad only. Because they do catering, I have a suspicion that they serve up left over food from catered events to their restaurant customers.  The service is OK. They have a couple of generic draft beers. Everything is overpriced.  Caveat Emptor if you order an entree.
2	If AMC, the $1 cinema and Denny's were able to birth a baby from a menage a trois, it'd be this. Farrelli's shows not so new yet not too old movies while serving mediocre food. It was very distracting to watch a movie while servers walked throughout the area serving Denny's quality food. I took a few bites of my food and left it. I've managed to repress the memory of what I ate so I'm sorry I can't warn you all about it. The concept of dinner & a movie, at the same time, is awesome, but unfortunately, they failed to deliver.
4	love this place - especially when they are showing older flicks - went for a girls night out to see The Big Chill - we all dressed "disco", ordered drinks, apps, and desserts and just noshed and giggled all thru the film! The service is pretty much spot on - don't find it distracting at all - of course, we heeded the mgmt's recommendation on when to get there and be seated - this way, all ordering, drink delivery and service was pretty much done by the time the movie started.  I've also taken my daughter to see Wizard of  Oz - great experience - seeing it on a big screen, with the opportunity for her to be "grown up" and sit at a table in a comfortable chair and eat during the movie.
4	I love this place. Had a great lunch and watch Sex in the City here. It was a really good experience. I look forward to going back!
3	I had been wanting to try this place for awhile. Last night we finally went to see 2012. A movie where it's best to eat at the beginning, because you probably won't want to later. At least I didn't. Everyone has covered the basics of what and how this place operates so I won't reiterate. I love the concept, and feel like they've done a really good job with one or two exceptions. The place looks great and is very comfortable. Service is largely unobtrusive, but hard to flag without the buzzer. And the ladies room wastebasket was overflowing with paper towels all on the floor - before the movie started.I liked the music videos / live REM concert video before the movie started. I was hoping this meant no ads beforehand but I was wrong. What I found lacking was the food. We ordered the crab dip and grilled chicken bruschetta. The bread served with the dip was dry and stale. Didn't taste particularly real, which I thought given the ($10.95?) price, should have been a given. The bruschetta was ok, but again, the cheese tasted a little bit weird. It wasn't bad, really, just not good. Oh and MHA also asked me to mention that his popcorn (a must have for him) didn't seem like "movie" popcorn and the real butter was cold and congealed. With all this, I also thought the food was overpriced. If it was better, I wouldn't so much mind the $60+ total for 2 tickets, 2 appetizers, 1 popcorn and 2 beers, but ...I am torn, though - I really love the concept and would like to go again. I want to support such establishments because I reallt think they're fun and a good idea. Maybe if it's a movie I missed and really really want to see.
5	I took my daughter here for a special night out and it was so much fun. She wanted to stay and watch the movie another time. I had hesitated about going in the past because I thought the movie sound and quality would not be very good. I was wrong, it was excellent.
4	For families like ours who love watching movies together and eating great food, this place is perfect. The ambience is fantastic, the screen and sound are wonderful and the food is great. From the greeter to the servers to the folks behind the bar (yes, folks, there's a great bar if you want to hang out and discuss the movie afterwards), everyone is eager to say hello and make you feel welcome. Congratulations to Tom & Wendy for making such a great place.
4	For a movie place, the food is pretty good, even for vegetarians! They even mix a decent drink. Now, if I could only remember what I had and liked... Ironically, it's the popcorn that we're always tempted to order but never end up too fond of.
3	I like that the movies are somewhat current (i.e. you can still find them in the "regular" theaters) and the concept is fun for a unique family outing or date-night. I love that I can sip on a cocktail while watching a movie and not have to be home on my couch. Why not more stars? The food does NOT measure up to the prices for me. Think hotel food. :(I totally suggest going but stay away from the entrees to avoid disappointment.
4	I love movies.  I love dinner dates.  Farrelli's combines the two, making it the perfect spot for a fun date night!What an awesome idea!  I've been here a few times, most recently to see Iron Man 2.  (My boyfriend wanted to see it, and we missed it while it was still at the major theaters.  So I decided to take him out on a surprise date!)  The tiered levels of seating are great, the seats are comfy, and everyone always has a good view of the screen.  The sound system is also very good, even for an action movie like Iron Man 2. The staff runs this place like a well-oiled machine.  Seating begins a half hour before the movie, so you have plenty of time to peruse the menu and order drinks, appetizers, and your main course before the show begins.  If you arrive earlier, you can sit in the bar/lounge area and have a drink or two (or head across the parking lot to Sapporo for some happy hour sushi).  The servers quietly and unobtrusively move about the theater, bringing food, taking orders, and clearing plates.  Each table also has a light-up coaster that can be used to summon a server at any time.  Their drinks are tasty (not at all watered down), and the food is good, though not exceptional.  The sandwiches are a great deal at under $10, and they come with a side salad or fries - very filling!  I really like the idea of eating a real meal and having a few drinks while enjoying a movie.  Don't get me wrong, I love the popcorn at Harkins, but there's something different and a little romantic about enjoying a cocktail and sharing some baked brie with someone special.  I highly recommend Farrelli's for anyone looking for a different "date" atmosphere or an evening out with a group of friends.
4	This is the perfect spot for a date night. For about the same price as seeing a movie in regular theaters, you can check out a second-run in a very cozy setting. It kind of feels like you're watching a movie in a very nice theater room at a friend's house (only the movie is still off a film projector, and the sound system is better). The seats are very comfortable and are easy to transition from the table (when you're eating) to facing the screen better when you're not. The staff is also very good about being almost transparent while serving you in the middle of the movie. The food is not spectacular, but it's definitely not bad. They also have a decent beer and wine selection, along with a bar in the lobby. If you've never tried a cinema supper club, Farrelli's is worth checking out just for the experience alone.Or if you're just planning to do dinner and a movie on a random night, why not just do them both together?
5	Against the advice of my 21 year old the family ventured out to see "Killers" at Farrelli's Cinema and Supper Club in Scottsdale. Farrelli's is a place I frequent on a special night for a movie that I wished I would have caught at the theatre. The unique twist with Farrelli's is the dining and drinking you can do while you are watching the show. The movies range throughout the day from great family movies and the heavier stuff at night when the kids should be in bed.The wine list  and other beverages along with the food are above average quality and price. Anywhere I can find a glass of Row 11 Pinot is alright with me.My family usually shy's away from the high dollar menu and stick to the salads appi's and the tenderloin sandwich. My 12 year old decided the pizza has been too mushy in the past so he opted for the tenderloin sandwich as well this time.I had a cold crispy lettuce wedge that was drowned in dressing but oh so good. My fault for not getting the dressing on the side. I do not understand why 99% of the restaurants I go to insist on drowning the lettuce!My daughter had the chicken ceasar and a Blue Moon and actually laughed at the silly movie. Just goes to show how much the environment weighs in on forming an opinion.Farrelli's is a family run business and seems to be hanging in there in this economy. I wish they had a few less expensive options but we always order the same thing.There is a nice bar to wait in until seating time and very comfortable rolling chairs to actually view the movie. Plus great music videos before the show.The bartender is always happy and friendly, but our waiter Kieth seemed a bit put off that we already had drinks when we got to the table and never has as nice  table side manor. Everyone else at Farrelli's has always been very nice and "happy".Make sure you get the popcorn!!!! It is just like Grandma used to make in the popcorn popper. Only the best ingredients.I am getting a group of ladies together next week to go in and catch Sex and the City 2 with a donation of a pair of shoes you get a $2 martini!Farrelli's is a great place for gatherings of all ages and occasions. I tell all my friends to go there when they want to do something different.Farrelli's is a go!
5	Have been seeing movies and having dinner/lunch here for about six years. I have never had a bad meal here. The food and menu are always excellent! The service is great, it's the best way to see a movie ever; from a comfortable leather chair with a friendly waiter/waitress. Great prices to top if off.
4	I love this place ! the service was top notch, merlot was great, prices I was very happy with . I think I'm gonna be a regular .
2	The concept is amazing, and I probably set my hopes too high for this little joint. Watching a movie and enjoying full service food and drink at the push of a button? What's not to love?Turns out, just about everything. The execution was totally off. We were the only people in the theater but somehow the service still sucked. The food was mediocre. The second run movies were mediocre, but plenty entertaining after a couple glasses of wine, which were offered at a decent price.I guess it's the cheap bastard gene in me that has a problem with this place. I nearly bust a nut when I have to pay full price at a regular theater and shell out for their snacks, let alone drop double the amount on a crappier second run version of the same theater fare. I'll stick to catching the drive-in double feature with my own bottle o' wine and snacks, rather than return to this place and shell out obscene amounts of money on freezer-burned puff pastry and vino.
5	I love this little spot in Scottsdale. For the past few years, we've been catching 'It's A Wonderful Life' on Christmas Eve. Service was the same as always - great. Waiters were always on top of things. After the movie, we enjoyed drinks by the lounge. It was nice to enjoy this with a group of new friends and each left amazed at this experience. We'll definitely have to return more often. Cheers!
4	Awesome! who doesn't want to be wated on hand and  foot while watching the big screen. They do play movies that have been out for about a month as opposed to the brand new ones as I saw in another review but Unlike other very expensive cinema dinner club they only charde 8 dollar s for a ticket, cheaper then a noral theater.The food is a little pricey but it really is delicious so I didnt mind the couple dollar overpricing.  Also they certainly make up for it with the alcohol prices which most is where most place rob you blind. Overall great experience its a great " something different" to doReccomend: chipotle chicken pasta! creme brulee
5	I love this place. What a fun night out.
5	This place is one of my absolute favorite places to eat, drink and watch movies in Scottsdale. The owners are incredibly friendly, my drinks always full and the food is delish! It sure beats the smelly, stale experience at traditional movie theaters. Here you can sit down at a table, order a nice bottle of vino and snack on savory treats like fresh hummus, cheese plates, sandwiches, salads and entrees. NOTE: Dessert is a must, so save room! This is a great place for kids, dates and friendly outings. I am waiting for the owners to open a dinner theater in Maryland so I do not have to fly all the way to AZ to go to Farrelli's!
4	Went for the first time with a girlfriend on New Year's Eve.  We had a wonderful time, the food was good, the service was good and I was happy with the sound system of the theater.  (really what can I say about a movie theater?)  I don't go to movies much but I would like to only go here from now on.  It's a movie experience for grown-ups.  No kids running around or crying during the film and I get to drink alcohol during the film!  Prices are fair and my only complaint would be that the movies are not first-run so you have to be patient if there is a film that you are looking forward to seeing.
4	I spent the evening here with friends last Saturday. We waited in the bar until our table for 8 was ready. My first impression after entering the dinner-theater room was that the room was full, stuffy and it smelled like a locker room.  When I told the waiter that it felt stuffy, his first response was that it's normal for a room to heat up with 60 warm bodies in it.... Wrong answer!  The AC kicked in and actually got chilly a few times after that, but you certainly didn't hear me complain about that. I put the black cloth dinner napkin on my bare legs. Hey- It matched my zebra print skirt and black shirt so I was stylin' while watchin'.I had already eaten so I ordered the previously Yelped reviews and highly recommended real buttered popcorn. I paid $5 for a bowl of grease flavored, unbuttered popcorn (I had ordered real butter). It was horrible and I hardly ate any of it. The cheesecake was good and the raspberry topping delicious, but $6 is pretty steep for a small slice of heaven.Regardless of all that, I still rate Farrelli's a 4. I won't let a few negative experiences cloud my overall impression of the place. My friend and I both decided that Farrelli's would be a good double date night out idea. Now all me need are two willing and available men...... Okay, so the line forms here...now.
2	I've been to Farrelli's a handful of times now. I've come to conclude that the concept is fanciful, but the execution is mediocre. 5 Pros: -the art deco doors, gorgeous! -Hollywood glam posters on the wall -you push a button on your coaster, it lights up, then over pops the waiter with your refill -you can have a drink at the lounge while you wait for your film -there's an email listserv and you can get hooked up with deals 5 Cons: -the food isn't great, (IT'S AWFUL) tastes mass produced and bland -too expensive -slow service in the theater, rude service upfront -you get graced with "smoooooth jazz" before the film starts, yeah no really. -if you're not on a date here, you'll feel like you should be
2	Group of girls celebrating a birthday were being way 2 loud and ruined the movie for everyone :(
4	Farrelli's is a family favorite. Birthday and anniversary dinners as well as the occasional Mother's Day brunch. I love the Art Deco environment. The bar is great for small networking events but can be quite difficult to navigate for large events.
4	If iPic were a swanky Scottsdale nightclub, Ferelli's would be Applebees. Affordable, comfortable, and fun.  The place does smell like it's been there forever, but I felt like it was clean and decent quality. Our server was really nice, even when I told him we weren't ordering entrees. We had two appetizers- crab dip and chicken nachos. Both were good. Also ordered dessert but it never came. It was just a miscommunication between servers. No biggie. I would definitely go back with a group of friends or my family.  The movie screen was big, picture quality was good, and the sound LOUD (which was good for the action movie we saw).I bought a coupon off Deal Chicken which made the evening super affordable (less than $50 for 3 people's tickets, sodas, appetizers, and tip).  Side note: There are three levels of seating. It seemed like the front section would've been too close.
4	Tonight was our first night visiting Farrelli's - we had purchased a DealChicken coupon and used it as an opportunity for a "date night".The atmosphere was awesome - chairs were incredibly comfortable and it was truly like watching a movie in the comfort of our home. Thankfully, the place wasn't too busy and it was an older crowd, so no interruptions or rude folks. We had the queso as an appetizer - definitely not the best. The chips were reminiscent of a Costco-type bulk chip, not the most fresh. For some reason the queso tasted like cigarette smoke - a little strange. But not completely horrible.I had the house salad for dinner and it was fresh and quite tasty. My husband had the burger which he said was good, but lacked any type of seasoning or flavoring. We did have the popcorn, which was ok, not great. As far as the prices, we found them appropriate. Service was friendly but definitely not speedy. We hit the light on our table indicator but it took awhile for the waiter to come back. I have a feeling that since it was a slow night there was only a few people working both theaters.If it were for food alone, it would probably be a 2 - 3 star deal, but the environment and the treat of having a glass of wine while being comfortable and watching a movie bumped it up to 4. We would definitely go back again.
4	Though the decor in this place is a bit old school, I love it. I especially love the Phil Collins music that is ALWAYS playing before the movies. The chairs are comfortable and I've never had a bad view of the movie screen. I've been here MANY times and often take out of town guests here for a unique experience. My Husband and I also like to come on weeknight date nights. The food is ok. We've had things we love and things we don't. Time and time again, I love their salads. Something about that cabernet vinaigrette that gets me every time. They also put cranberries and feta cheese in it, which I love. The tenderloin sandwich is another item we get regularly and each time it is made well and tastes good. The piece to resistance however is the popcorn. My god, the popcorn. Something about it being popped fresh and having real butter is just magical. Get it, trust me, I wouldn't steer you wrong. Go to Farrell's! It is a great concept, they play good movies, and it's a cool local spot to hit up. PLEASE keep this place alive, I would be sad to see it go!
4	We loved it. The prices range from average burger prices to about $20. The creme brulee was awesome.
3	I have been going to Farrelli's for years, since they first opened. I love the idea of this place.Remember people, 3 stars isn't bad it means A-OK. I would give the concept 5 stars. The atmosphere is cool. I love the old movie posters in the hallway. Most of the seating is comfortable. I would much rather watch a movie like this instead of being crammed like a sardine in a typical theater. Service is almost always good. 4 stars. On their busier nights the service has been a little rushed and impersonal. However they are always quick when you page them for something during a movie.Now we come to the food... When they first opened their food was 4 stars. Tasty and simple. I also had their catered food at a couple weddings and it was 4 star food as well. I am sad to say that in the last few years the quality of the food has gone down drastically. My husband and I went a few nights ago and it hit rock bottom. My sandwich was dry and tasteless. My husband liked his burger but he was horrified when he bit into a still frozen french fry. Yuck. Drink prices are steep. $7 for a draft beer. Really? The food prices would be fair if the food quality was a little better. I hope the owners take the criticisms to heart. I still love Farrelli's and always have a good time when I go.
5	I was there with my parents to see Larry Crowne.  Movie was fine, food and service were good.  I always enjoy my time at Farrelli's.
4	My friend and I came here per her suggestion (her having been there a few years back and my first time) and we had a blast! We arrived early for the antipasto appetizer and drinks in the bar. The owner was the bartender and was very nice and friendly. We saw Bridesmaid, which was hysterical and the food was not bad at all. You could tell it was all made fresh there. I ordered the steak, although a little overcooked, still perfectly edible. We ordered the popcorn at the end, air popped with REAL butter! It was delicious. A little dated decor (but still great!), but it was clean and comfortable. We had such a wonderful time and will absolutely go back!!!
4	This is a solid four stars. You can sit at a bar with a great view of the movie or you can sit at a table. Either way you can't go wrong. I've never had a bad meal here in approx ten visits. I recommend the lasagna, new york strip, Wine or a cocktail, and of course popcorn. If you haven't been and you like movies you gotta add farrelli's to your rotation. A great place for a date. And if the clock is running on the babysitter this place is a must!
1	So sad to report that Farrelli's has CLOSED.  I received an email indicating it was due to a problem with the property owners.  You can read more on their website, http://www.farrellis.com/.  This is a big loss for the community.  Thanks for the memories, Farrelli's.
