5	if my dogs could talk...they would tell you that they love it here.  actually they do tell us they love it here by their funny smiles when we pull up and they realize they're about to go to a party.
5	I really like this park and so does my dog. People are friendly and the dogs get along pretty well. My dog is really passive and scared but after a few times he got over himself. It helps if I pet the dog that's sniffing him, then he calms down. There's a really big area for dogs to run around, and a smaller area for small dogs or scaredy dogs. There's usually other people around to socialize with which I think is good for them. And it's good for them to be able to run around without a leash.
3	Woof woof woof!  **tail wags hard**  Woof woof!Owners' interpretation: great park, lots of fun for the pets.  Nice sectioned-off area for small dogs is handy.  It's rare for the park to be completely empty, which means regular socializing for your pet.  The space is large but largely bare.  Also, poor drainage leaves lots of ponds for you and your pet to get muddy in in the rain.  While I've seen lots better parks, this is the only one I'm aware of in the Chambana area, so be sure to go there and let your pet socialize!
5	This is the best dog park I can remember visiting. This is based on the size, the other dogs/owners in attendance, and the varied areas. The park features wide open grass areas, a couple areas of high grass, a forested area, and a separate area for little dogs. The park itself is pretty good sized, maybe 1/2 mile in circumference if you walk the fence (as many folks do). It should be noted that there are many more bully breed dogs on Saturday and Sunday afternoons than other times. I dont have anything against these breeds per se, but they do play a little too rough for some dogs. There are very few inconsiderate people at this dog park, which I think is what makes it such a good one, but you'd still be wise to watch your step and keep a close eye on your dog. I know my little gremlin loves to come here, and I'm usually able to strike up a convo w/ somebody interesting.
3	The Big Dog side of the park is really great--one of the nicest dog parks I've been to.  I love how the park is broken into sections (by trees and tall grass) so if your dog wants to get away from all the action for a little while, it can easily do so.  Plenty of shade and some benches scattered around the park also make it a nice place for humans.The Small Dog side of the park, however is ridiculously small.  There was one dog and its owner playing fetch in that area when I went last night, and the area is so small that I felt like my dog and I were constantly in their way.My dog weighs 10 lbs.  If there are big dogs playing in the Big Dog side of the park, I'm not going to feel comfortable letting my tiny dog in there.  But she likes to run and explore the grass and whatnot as much as the big guys--why do the little dogs get gipped?  Fortunately, there were mostly smaller dogs in the Big Dog area, so I took her over there.  She had a blast and made a few new friends.I'd love to support the park by paying and registering my dog, but it only seems worth it to me if you own a medium-large dog.  I'm not sure it would be worthwhile since my dog would only get to use the nice part of the park IF it's not being used by larger dogs.  I plan on visiting a few more times so I can see if my dog would do alright in the Big Dog area, but it would have been nicer if there were a reasonably sized Small Dog area to begin with.
4	My little pup has been here a few times now and I've been able to bring her into the Big Dog area each time.  Only once did that end poorly--she was mobbed by a group of overzealous dogs that refused to give her space and started freaking out.  Aside from that, she's been fine and seems to be warming up to larger dogs.  To my surprise, she actually started getting feisty with a Boxer the other night and tried initiating play.  It's nice to see she's improving, and the opportunity for socialization has definitely been good for her.I'd say, if your dog is already well socialized and gets along with dogs of all sizes, you'll have a 5-star experience here.  If you have a small dog, like mine, that needs more socialization this is a good place--as long as there are only a few other dogs in the park and their owners are nearby.  Socialization in the Small Dog area is pretty unlikely, since you will rarely find anyone in there.  My dog has met one other small playmate in the Small Dog area, however, and they hit it off right away ("oh hey, you're small too!").Overall I think a little more highly of the place now that I've been here a few more times.  Since the park is so large, however, just be wary of dogs wandering without their owners (this was how my dog ended up being mobbed).  People are generally good about keeping an eye on their dogs, but it's easy for them to get out of sight.
5	I recently moved to the Chambana area and my dog is IN LOVE with the Urbana Dog Park.  There is alot of room for the dogs to run around, a large shaded area (which is good when they want to explore or get out of the sun) and a large open grass area (which is great when the dogs want to play fetch or chase eachother around).  There are a few benches around the park for the owners to sit and watch (or read a book).  There are doggie bags and trash cans in a few spots around the dog park (wish there was a few more strategically placed throughout the park), and a doggie-fountain and hose to wash them down at the entrance/exit.  Compared to other dog parks I've been to, Urbana's dog park is much more spacious and scenic, and I look forward to going there almost as much as my pup!
5	I can't say enough good things about this park.  It is HUGE, 10 acres according to the website and even that sounds understated.  My puppy and I have already met all sorts of new and interesting creatures.  There's a pretty good variety of terrain too.  The open fields are broken up by patches of prairie grass and light woods.  Most owners seem to pick up after their dogs too, its rare that I run into any messes.  The park district does a good job of supplying bags and keeping the common areas clean. There's even a community bin for tennis balls and throwers that is usually pretty full. But, previous posters are correct, and they don't seem to enforce membership.  Regardless, this resource is well worth the annual membership costs, and just imagine how amazing it could be if everyone did pay that fee.I have encountered some semi-aggressive dogs, the admittedly my Whippet just runs away from them laughing.  Be on alert with new dogs and be ready to jump in to rescue your pooch if need be.
5	I've been to a lot of dogs parks between Minnesota and Georgia (driving with 2 big dogs means a lot of stops!).  This dog park is the most beautiful dog park I have ever seen!  It is very large (not the biggest i've seen, but it's bigger than 90%) and it is very well maintained.  It has several different open areas for dogs to play and has natural barriers to keep dogs near their owners.  It does says you're supposed to have an Urbana Dog Park permit to use the park but there really isn't any way to enforce it.  If I lived in the area I would gladly pay the annual fee, but I was passing through and stopped for 45 minutes so I guess I'm a rule-breaker.  I picked up some other dogs' poops so I figure I did my due-diligence.I went on a weekday around lunch and there were only about 5 dogs there.
5	What a nice park!  We're recent arrivals, and were so disappointed with the dog park in Champaign -- basically a boring piece of dirt with a bedraggled tree or two  surrounded by an entirely too short 4 ft. fence. Someone suggested checking out the Urbana dog park (they have reciprocity between the two parks) - it's like night and day! The Urbana park has several wide swaths of open, grassed area that is perfect for dashing around, frisbee, tennis balls, or just running for a dog's sheer joy of running.  The grassed areas are punctuated by some meadow-like areas of prairie grass, which was pretty in the late summer with wildflowers, although I was a little nervous about the possibility of snakes.  There's a very welcome wooded area with benches -- some really lovely big trees provide shade.  The park is well-cared for, with lots of mulch in well-traveled areas, lots of doggie bags (but only one trash can, by the gate - still trying to figure that one out), fresh water, a hose for those "roll in the dirt" days, and even a port-o-potty for humans who can't hike a leg by the nearest tree. There's a separate small area for small dogs, too, but it doesn't seem to be used very much -- a lot of people bring their small dogs into the "big dog" section, but it would depend on how comfortable your dog is around other dogs. With our escape artist dog, who considers any fence a challenge to be conquered, we were especially concerned about gaps in the fence, so one of the first things we did was walk the perimeter carefully.  Any areas that look as though a dog might be able to quickly dig under have been blocked with large rocks, and the gates are well-fitted, preventing a dog from nosing out in gaps caused by sagging gates.  And the fence is a good, 6' high chain link--perfect for jumpers like mine. That 4 ft. fence in Champaign would just be a suggestion, if mine saw a squirrel on the other side.  The picture on the Urbana Parks website, http://www.urbanaparks.org/facilities/55.html,  is a horrible one and makes it look like an urban wasteland.  Click on the video on that page, and you'll see just how pretty this dog park is. Yes, there is a fee -- contrary to what the park website says, we were only charged for a half-year when we registered in August.  $38 per year for the first dog, or $5 to visit.
