2	This place is so NOT Celebrity! LOL I think I have heard the other locations might be good, but this is a below average store with nice better than average beds. Their prices are not very good. The packages almost definitely include a "set up/admin." fee But I have to say, they have a good variety of different levels of beds. The big turn off to me is there are no mirrors in the rooms and very little amenities like extra towels, clothes hooks, or extra space for dressing/undressing. The staff will always try and upsell you or get you to buy something but honestly, they aren't that friendly. The standup is the worst I have ever used, which is just that particular manufacturer I'm sure, but it's got gaps/voids on all sides so it's not even distribution of rays at all and it's just a very strange "bed" with nothing in the room whatsoever. Weird. Didn't like it. Very vanilla shop. Nothing special. Good beds if you are willing to pay a high price for them.
5	Location is a bit hidden but the salon itself is wonderful! The staff is knowlegdable and friendly and although the location is relatively small there are plenty of beds and bed types to choose from.  There has also been a dramatic improvement in the overall appearance of the salon over the past few months.  Very clean :). I would recommend this location to anyone looking for a new salon for bed/spray tanning.  Also, if you have never been to any of the 12 valley locations your first tan is FREE!!
2	I tried this tanning salon because each new customer gets a free tan.  It was hidden a little in the shopping center, but the sign was fine.  I was greated upon entry.  I took a look around and was a little shocked that the building could look that old, outdated and in desperate need of repair and upgrade.  The girl behind the counter was very nice and explained everything to me.  She took me into the room and showed me how to use the bed.  I was very impressed with the actual bed equipment.  It was a high grade just like I had seen at other salons.  However  -the good stops there.  The room is about 3 feet by 3 feet larger than the bed.  There was a single chair there for my purse, clothes, jewelry, ect.   No hooks or shelves or anything.  During the tanning - I pushed the "mister" button - and what a surprise - it didnt work.  I tried several times during my 12 minutes of tanning and still didnt work.  When I was done - i went to get dressed and realized that there was no mirror in the room. Neither was there a tissue, deodorant, wipes, or lotion, or anything else that most tanning salons have in the rooms.  I was shocked.  SO after being heated up, wind blown, no misters....there was no mirror to check myself.  So when I went out of the room - I asked for the bathroom.  Down the hall....And surprise - nothing in there either.  Well, there was a mirror.  I did tell the attendant about the mister and she said she would let management know.  I would never pay the $70 a month they want for that package for a place that has no amenities at all.  And it is now the next morning and I have not even a hint of tan from the most amount of minutes they will allow in their highest bed.  Dont even go there for the free tan.  Not worth it!
5	I went in there today and a girl named Megan helped me..she was very nice and very helpful and I got a membership there today.
4	After seeing the billboard for a $19 spray tan, my husband and I checked it out. The girl I spoke with on the phone was very helpful, friendly, and also the same in person. They give your first tan in the bed for free (I don't know of any other places in Phoenix that do that). The girl explained all of the beds and memberships. My husband opted for the spray tan and I went with the free tan. The girl did a nice job explaining the times I might want to tan for given I didn't have a base and the bed settings that I could adjust while in the bed. I liked that each room had a towel and goggles waiting on the bed. The girl also let me use one of the lotions to try out. Very nice. They have a 3 spray tan package for $49 which is very inexpensive. My husband did his 2 days ago and it doesn't seem like it has faded. They also have monthly memberships or for people like me who would use it a couple of times a year, tan packages that last for 2 years. She also let us know that on Friday 3/9, they are having BOGO on packages. I will definitely stop in and purchase a spray tan and tanning bed package in that case. I think the 10 tanning bed packages are $60.
5	loved this place! went during a vacation with my boyfriend .. girl was really sweet . try the p90! freakin' amazing
4	I visited this place once because I was taking a cruise and needed to start a base tan. The office manager was very nice, knowledgeable and quick to answer all of my questions. She gave me a tour of all the beds and explained important tanning facts and information on all the different beds and tanning levels. The quality of the tan was very good. I'm knocking off a star because even though the tanning office was clean, staff was knowledgeable, the highest level tanning bed that was supposed to have misting, and music capabilities did not work. So it gave me a great tan but made the 12 min very boring. Since these features didn't work and the price is higher than most tanning salons, I wouldn't pay for this bed again until these features are fixed to make it the truly luxury experience you pay for. This was the lay down platinum UVA only bed.
5	Been going to this one and another location for almost 2 years. The employees have always been very knowledgeable, very friendly, energetic and helpful. They're very quick I resolve anything and keep customers happy. Great customer service and smiles!
5	Amazing salon with wonderful girls working behind the counter! :) definitely worth giving a try! :)
