5	Try the hangover cure burrito, it will get you through anything, even when you aren't hungover.  This coffee shop is really cool; it's got this arty/nerdy contrast that has helped to berth many amazing conversations.
5	I went to Kiva Han to do my homework *a lot* when I went to cmu... decent coffee and quiet enough to concentrate... nice place to hang out in general in shitburgh...
4	This place is fabulous!  I can't comment on the food since I've never eaten here but my Early Grey with Lavendar Certified Organic Tea is....amazing!    My one annoyance is that they don't put soy milk out on the bar and charge 50 cents for it.  However, the other things out on the bar are amazing....a box to put books to donate to poor people!  or how bout a box to put your cup sleeves in for recycling?!!!  The ambience is quaint hippy cool with xmas lights, lime green and eggplant purple walls, and lots of windows.  I think the prereq for working here is at least one facial piercing and couple of visible tats.  I can get CMU wireless here although I think they might offer free wireless too although I think you have to ask for the password.  Some people seem to have really funky B.O. which I understand is beyond the control of Kiva Han but...unappealing nonetheless.
3	Yes. It's not a Starbucks. I really really appreciate that. I appreciated the decor, the funky staircase that leads to offices, the seating options (outdoor tables, indoor tables, tall bar). And even though I eat dairy with every meal, it was nice to see a lot of different kinds of vegan options.  But it comes down to not having great coffee. It's decent, but not even in my "good" category. Maybe not everyone shares my preference for strong black coffee, but this was under-mild (I'm coining that word) and actually, lukewarm. Granted it was busy around 8am with only one barista. And maybe I was just bothered by the giant fan that kept trying to blow my dollar away. It's the best option for that corner, hands down. I think I even spied some board games so maybe reviewer A.F. wants to come and play Scrabble with me while we sip our waters?
3	Service is lousy, but the sort of lousy I've come to expect of the better coffeehouses. Reminds me of home (Boston). I wish the coffee was better. I wish the mac and cheese was a larger portion. I wish the pastries weren't so damned expensive. But all this I accept because when I get off the bus and I'm on the way to work, Kiva Han has the coffee that will keep me functioning through the morning. If you want the free wi-fi, ask for a password.
4	I've had some decent food here, but it's mostly mediocre, like most of the reviewers have said. I like there coffee just fine, and when I need a sugar jolt, their sugary coffee's are great! It's my favorite place to hang out at when I'm stuck in Oakland, which is often! The atmosphere is laid-back, and the service is fine. Not perfect, by any means, but no attitude either. Just to clarify - their book donation box actually goes to Book 'Em, they send books to Pennsylvania prisoners.
1	Why do people give Kiva Han four stars but their comments say that it deserves far fewer?I'm speculating its because most of us WANT to like Kiva Han. We walk into the store really really wanting to like the place. We appreciate the decor and art on the walls. We like how the funky people behind the counter act and look. And yet....We'll wait 40 minutes for the food to come, and its not even in the works yet (no, its not crowded and the place isn't understaffed). We'll order what we know to be good (Granola, Hangover Cure) and forgive the place for the not so good (California wrap). We wish certain things would improve, but know it wont because Kiva Han doesn't have any competition for what its selling, and its not coffee.I've ordered food here 8 times, and I leave the store having had the food 4 times. I've heard about the slow food movement, it doesn't apply to when the food never actually gets made. Perhaps they're existentialists and are serving up a big helping of "void" which I am unable to appreciate. I don't care what it is, a 50% service rate is inexcusable.Check out the other reviews, I'm not saying anything different, but for some reason, but their ratings are too high for what they're telling you: extremely poor service and hit/miss food.
2	I agree, people just *want* to like this place. The food is ... uh yeah whatever. The coffee is pretty horrible, even the espresso drinks. It's dirty and people want to like this place bec. they want to support independent business, feel cool, and be all boho hipster. The service is beyond bad, except for one girl who is remarkably cheerful and helpful. For her, I give Kiva Han the extra star.
5	grading it 5 stars on the basis of:- hangover cure burito- location- decor- good place to study- freakin' hangover cure! i remember when they introduced it and they only served it on sundays... then they went to 7 days of hangover cure goodness. it is so good i want one right now.the secret is to keep kiva han's number in your phone, and call them when you're walking or busing down there, and then you won't have to wait so long.
4	I am duly impressed with your decent coffee, great vegetarian options and  free internet. I deeply love your hang-over cure wrap and constant parade of young people on a mission.
3	Decent "alternative" to Starbucks, which happens to be right across the street. In fact, I think Kiva Han and Starbucks are owned by the same person...One dish that I have found to be curiously good is the veggie curry.  They give you a bowl of rice with some chickpeas and potatoes in curry sauce.  It's not Indian restaurant quality, but I surprisingly liked it.  The coffee I've had is so-so, nothing spectacular, but there is a decent selection that includes smoothies and whatnot.It seems kinda boho/hipster in here, with all the posters for concerts and all the people outside smoking, and board games (!), but it's kind of a relaxing environment if you want to sit with your computer or read or have an afternoon chat with your friend.
5	My friends and I graduated from Carnegie Mellon in 2005 and STILL rave about the hangover cure burrito.  Between that and the granola with fresh fruit and honey, I lived there my last semester of college.  I love it and I miss it!
2	Didn't care for the Italian Soda I got here. Neither did the wife.  Baristas seemed nice enough. The place seemed a little run down, but the balcony was a nice touch. Probably would not go back just because there are so many other options near by.
4	I really liked Kiva Han as it was my concentration hideout for a couple of years.. the food and drinks quality are way better than what is being offered in the craig street area.. the staff there are friendly..and most importantly it opens till LATE. I'm taking one star off due to the slowness in preparing the food + the tables aren't always clean.
1	friendly but slow service...very dirty furniture, surfaces and fixtures, and food that is just so-so
5	I am new to the Pittsburgh area, and as a coffee aficionado have decided to embark on a coffee journey throughout the city!I happened to be in the Oakland area and had seen Kiva Han before, and decided to try the place.It was a hip, delicious place! Some of the other reviews had commented on things like cleanliness--but honestly the place had a touch of grungy charm (it's not unsanitary by any means from what I could tell.)Also...friendly staff and cool art work! Certainly a place you should check out!
4	For one thing, you gotta give Kiva Han cred for surviving against the evil Starbucks across the road. For two things, Kiva Han was my go-to back when I was little (well, 16) and even now, years later, it still provides that soothing, sunny, gently-murmuring escape from a busy day taxing my irises in the Carnegie Museum (just across the street!). It's cheap, the decor is funky and adorable (I could spend quite a bit of time reading all the cute-pretentious Sharpie scribbles on the girls' bathroom walls - seriously, Yeats?!), and the coffee is strong. Today I got the granola with yogurt (hell, why not?), and it was way fancier than I expected. For ~$5, that's not bad at all. It was a pleasure to peruse the posters (some arty-hipster, some sensitive and important (like an anorexia one)), as well as listen to some (gentle) ragin' on the Law and Disorder radio.
5	This little gem is a wonderful pit stop if you ever find yourself in the Oakland area. Hell it's a great place to stop if you find yourself in the Pittsburgh area...One of the only coffee shops I know of that has two floors as well as very interesting architecture throughout the building. The coffee is really great along with the service. If I may, I would check out this place on the weekend and maybe snag a new book from the nearby book store (Caliban Book Shop) to really bask in the atmosphere this place creates.Hours are open till about 10pm to 11pm depending on who is all there. If you really need a late night coffee, check this great coffee its one of the best.
