2	I wanted so badly to love this place. I went here last night because they were donating 15% of people's bills to the Champaign County Humane Society, which I think is just fantastic. It's also a family owned business - the couple who appeared to own the place were busing tables and running the register, and I'd heard that their kids also man the kitchen. In other words, they have the foundation for a really great pizza shop you can feel good about patronizing. The food seemed promising. The loaded fries with bacon bits didn't have bacon bits but rather were smothered in huge pieces of actual chopped bacon. Sweet. The salad was simple but fresh. Unfortunately, that was where the good stuff ended. The bleu cheese dressing with the salad was oddly sweet, and the salad was loaded with raw onions that hadn't been listed on the menu (a big issue for me since I can't stand raw onions). We ordered a pizza with sausage and onions on half and, while the sausage wasn't on the *entire* pizza, it had been carelessly tossed on at least 3/4 of it and there wasn't a single slice that wasn't at least halfway covered in sausage. The onions, which we were charged for, never made it onto the pizza. Maybe that explains the salad. The sausage & onion thing turned out to be a non-issue though, because the pizza itself was beyond awful. Unbelievably bland, soggy, greasy, limp crust, you name it. Anything that could possibly go wrong with a pizza was present on this one, with the exception that it was not burnt. It was hands down the worst pizza I have ever had and made the stuff served by ChuckECheese and elementary school cafeterias seem delicious by comparison. It was so disgusting that neither of us could force down more than one slice. We took the thing home thinking maybe it would be better cold the next day. It wasn't. The bill was just shy of $32 for a large pizza, salad, fries and a beer, which I found rather high all things considered. On the plus side, they did have a surprisingly decent bottled beer selection. I'm tossing them two stars for the beer selection, support of the Humane Society and because they're family owned. The pizza itself gets zero stars.
5	We ordered the XL Village Inn Special with a side of garlic bread.  This is the best pizza we have had since we moved here in July,2008.  We tried and didn't care for Papa Del's, Monical's, Amano's, Little Caesar's, Domino's, Pizza Hut and Savoy's Old Orchard Lanes pizzas.  None of these can compare to Village Inn's.
2	I went here for a group event and the venue was a great place to get a large group together, there was room for everyone.  However, the food was pretty bad.  We were served buffet style and the pizzas and salad items were refreshed often.  The salad items were fairly good, standard iceberg and other veggies, a couple of dressings, cottage cheese and pudding.  The pizza was horrendous, soggy, SO GREASY, bland cheese.  Your standard pre-breaded mozzarella sticks were also on the buffet and were greasy but that seems normal for something cooked in grease.  Servers were friendly and came around to pick up dirty plates and such.  It would be a great place to eat if, ironically, the food weren't sub-par.  I also like that they allow dogs on the outdoor patio in the summertime but again, I don't really want to eat what they serve.
5	Love the pizza and every entree and appetizer I've had here.  The staff has always been super friendly and accommodating.  I decided to hold our office holiday party there last December, initially because they have games for the kids and an open bar, and we loved the pizza lunches we had previously ordered.  VIP was very flexible in terms of menu options (you can bring your own desserts) and decorations (again, can bring your own).  The night of the party also happened to be the first/only (?) major snowstorm this winter, but the party was so fun and laid-back that we barely noticed the brutal weather outside.  We will definitely be ordering more lunches from VIP.  Happy to say I've gotten another company hooked, too.
2	THIS LOCATION IS CLOSED. When it was in business it was hit-or-miss, more bad than good. Opened new location in Urbana.
