4	Fun store if you're a cowboy/girl.  Big selection of wrangler's,  MissMe,  BootyUp,  and monster selection of boots.  Not many bargains except for the clearance racks.  Helpful friendly staff.
4	Fun store! Lots of shoes, country/western wear, hats, belts, etc. I ended up buying a pair of ATS red boots that I've had for a month now, and I still get compliments on every time I wear them out!
1	First off, there are a few things about me that may make this review more relevant.  While I have lived in Las Vegas for close to fifteen years, I'm an original downhome Texas girl.  I'm an avid fan of country music.  I attend Cowboy Christmas EVERY SINGLE YEAR, which is where my father pointed out a cowboy hat he would be interested in for Christmas.Fast forward a few weeks and he drops the subtle hint (with a coupon) where I can find this particular cowboy hat.  So, I go to the Sheplers at this location.  There, I asked the young man working at the cowboy hat section about the style that I wanted in a size 7.  He pointed out my wrist tattoo, bantered with me about professional and collegiate football teams and several other things before he informed me that the hat I wanted in that size was out of stock.  My sister asked if there was another location and when he confirmed that there was, she requested that he call and inquire about the hat we wanted in a size 7.  A few moments later, he came back and smugly informed us that they had that hat and that he had asked for them to put it on hold.The other location is inconveniently located inside Sam's Town on Boulder Highway.  And...once I made the trip out there, I not only discovered that he gave them the wrong hat style, but requested for them to hold a size 7 1/8.I appreciate that you thought my shopping experience would have been made better by the banter that I didn't need, but I would have preferred to not waste my time traveling across town for nothing rather than you know my favorite football team.  Try listening to the next customer's PURCHASE next time.
2	It's good thing I don't like a lot of sales support when shopping for footwear because no one shopping here got any!Cashier also brusquely informed me that the boots he was ringing up for me "didn't match" without telling me why (I had a left one and a right one in the same size) and stalked away to find some that did. He substituted one of them and clucked loudly when I asked if I could try them on again and stalked back to the register, where I caught up with him to pay for my Ariats, he asked for the "last 4 numbers on the front of" the card he'd just had in his hand, again without telling me why. It's also a good thing I know how to check credit card transactions.This was my second purchase there under less than ideal service circumstances. No charm, no third time.
4	My husband and found a 20 percent off coupon in one of the Vegas at our hotel. We were in need of certain items for a costume I'm putting together for him. The young lady who helped us was so friendly and helpful. I told here what I needed and we ended up with a couple of items. Very nice store and had great service.
