5	HOLY CREPE....Yes, crepes are just what you and all of Metro Phoenix are missing. Our quest to discover the "Hidden Crepe Den" began as we entered a mostly vacant Stagecoach Village. Straight thru to the rear, turn right and park, (next to the barber shop) is where the magic happens at The Village Coffee Shop. One of the ONLY authentic French Crepe machines within state limits is turning out award winning crepe options along with a perfect cup of coffee. We ordered one cinnamon, sugar & walnut and one savory BLT crepe to share and sipped the best Cafe Au Lait as we sat on the patio viewing Tonto National Park vistas. And, then it happened, yes, the crepes arrived and the heaven sent owner left us to enjoy each any every single morsel of crepe. Both sweet & savory crepes were perfect = not drowning in sauce and spice. The Village Coffee Shop is TINY and adorable with only 8 seats inside... BUT, the fabulous patio has Tonto views & heat and seats around 20. YOU must go, seek and taste what you have been missing. The owner Marina Matatov is heaven sent creating delicious miracles.
5	WOW!! I usually never leave reviews, but after eating these savory crepes at what is now my new "place of relaxation" I just had to let everyone know of my amazing experience. First of all, when I would hear the word crepe I would always think of France; now thats all in the past! First thing that comes to mind now is The Village Coffee Shop!! I never knew that one person can make so many delicious meals out crepes... from salads on a crepe to lunch crepes and even desert crepes. Barrie and Jon were absolutely right about "HOLY CREPE," the owner Marina just blows your mind with all her creativity in making sure that you get exactly what you want when you enter through the door!!
5	After sampling these crepes you will feel like you are in the SOUTH OF FRANCE@! Seriously, the batter, and types of crepes are so FRESHand home made that they will make you want more  Prices are reasonable but the atmosphere is fabulous.....!LOCATION IS AMAZING, TOTALLY LOVE IT THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE PLACE....DOGS WELCOME!
5	This is the real "Jewel of the Creek!" Everything about this place is amazing. Its beautiful location, its outdoor patio area, and especially its coffee and crepes! The owner is super friendly and will make you any crepe you want as long as she has the ingredients for it. I love all the crepes but my favorite sweet crepe is a tie between Nuts for Bananas with strawberries or the Teenage Dream. My favorite savory crepe is the Pesto Chicken. For coffee I recommend the almond roca frappuccino to satisfy your sweet tooth. There are tons of options to choose from and the menu changes according to the new fresh ingredients she has in stock!Don't miss out on stopping by this crepe shop! Once you come here you'll know why everyone loves it so much and you'll have to come back again!
5	Half way through my hair service at Salon Mila (across the street from The Village Coffee Shop) my stomach was growling like a angry monster locked in a closet! My stylist recommended having one of the receptionists get me a crepe from The Village and man alive, I am so glad I did!The Yin Yang crepe was honestly PERFECT. The marshmallows were melted and gooey and the banana was just warm enough to make it a comfort food! I had a hot chocolate to top it off... HEAVEN! I went by the shop after my appointment and met Marina the owner. She was friendly and inviting, and I could tell she truly loved running the shop!I will definitely make this a regular occurrence during my hair appointments!
5	This place is absolutely delicious! Marina is so friendly and loves her customers! She mixes the ingrediants fresh in her kitchen, and then makes the crepes right in front of you! I tried the raspberry chicken crepe, and it was amazing! There was so much food I could hardly finish!I would recommend this place to anyone; not only because of the charm, the amazing location, and Marina - but because of the delicious food she creates!I can't wait to go back and try one of her sweet crepes :) Thanks Marina!
5	Love this place!  Brought my daughter here for a crepe treat but she was more interested in the colored pencils.  Delicious crepe.  Wonderful small business here where the owner herself is making the crepes.  Limited seating though, so get there early (or late?).
5	Great find! If you want a great cup of java and a light crepe fix I would you recommend eating here. I had a strawberry and blueberry crepe and a cup of coffee. Don't expect a large restaurant it is a very small cafe. I enjoyed the uniqueness of the restaurant. If you're tired of the same old boring burgers and sandwiches for lunch you should really try this place. it's all so perfect for me after dinner treat.
5	First Split an omelette crepe, then split a peach crepe for desert.  The food was very good, the veranda is very peaceful with a great view.  The owner served and cooked for us.  She was very nice and very interested in making sure we were satisfied.  Definitely worth visiting for breakfast or lunch. Have to go back to try the banana nutella crepe!
5	Excellent crepes, we had a savory and a sweet.  Friendly owner.  Coffee in a really big cup.
5	Had the savory crepes - Chicken Caesar and Ham and Cheese.  They were delicious, even reheated (had left overs).  Friendly owner, cute shop.  Reasonable prices.  A must try when you're in the neighborhood!
5	Stage Coach Village can look pretty empty sometimes. But, don't pass on this one! I had the crepe with chicken and pesto. Since I've only had dessert crepes, I didn't know what to expect. But, I took the chance (I LOVE pesto) and am glad I did. It was SO good. Hubby had one with ham that he said he'd order again. The kids had nutella and strawberry ones. Everyone was happy. Without realizing it, we got there just before closing. But, we weren't rushed at all. Sitting outdoors was cozy. And, there's good music playing, too.
2	My Matcha Tea Latte is in a really BIG cup.  Outstanding customer service.  Wish the location had a scenery or in the inside of the plaze.
5	Crepes and coffee yum!  Service was excellent and the food and drinks were too!
5	Could not be happier with my first visit there with my twins today.  Marina is as nice as can be.  Place charming though small.  But the porch seating is the place to be.  Crepes and coffee are the main attraction.  But my twins thought Marina's scrambled eggs were the best ever, in fact they even put away a 2nd order.  Nice menu of savory crepes and a 2nd menu of sweet ones.  Didn't get to try a savory one but saw many coming out that looked and smelled terrific.  Did try my twin's bananas foster crepes and loved them.  Cafe americano with a bit of skim was so good that I had two.  Zoom zoom :-)
5	I love going here for breakfast! I don't live in Arizona, but when I visit family down there we usually go here at least once. My favorite is definitely the strawberry and banana crepe. Yummmmm!
5	Always love this place. Great Coffee and Crepes! Thank goodness Cave Creek has a place that does not just serve grilled food. Charming and cute. The place is small but has a big heart. There is a barber shop that is connected to the establishment. I believe it is the owners fathers shop. I would highly recommend trying this place out. The owner may have to rent more space if more people find out about this place.
5	Love this place. I have only been here about 2 or 3 times early in the morning and every time I have been here it has been amazing. The Pomegranate Tea is amazing and I definitely recommend it! The strawberries & cream and the nutella crepes are the best ones there!
2	I was looking for a spot for crepes and I came across multiple locations on yelp but this one had 5 stars so I said, "why not?" even though it was quite the drive out. The shop was small but the outdoor seating area was adorable. Now let's get to the important part, the food. Overall, I can't say I was mind blown like everyone was...I've had crepes in numerous locations and I would say this place ranks at the bottom. I ordered the raspberry chicken because it was highly suggested by the waitress and I'd have to say, I wasn't a fan; personally, I thought it was way too sweet to be a savory crepe. I thought I would give them a second chance and try one of their sweet crepes so I ordered the triple threat. The triple threat was pretty standard with strawberries, nutella and bananas, except that day I just had a double threat since they ran out of bananas (how do you run out of bananas??). It was good, not great...you really can't go wrong with such a simple crepe. What I was really disappointed about was the fact that my crepes (BOTH OF THEM) were HARD and I bit into something that almost chipped my tooth! What was it? I have not a clue and I didn't want to make a scene so I went about my meal so that I could just be done and leave. I also ordered a vanilla latte which was a little overloaded with milk...for a second i didn't think that were was in even coffee in it!  A place specializing in coffee and crepes but can't offer good coffee nor crepes? Fail.
5	From someone who knows crepes (just a slight obsession), this place ranks high on my list. Great choices for sweet and savory and a large drink menu to quench your thirst! Love it here.
5	The Village Coffee Shop is AMAZING!! My mom and I have been to this restaurant a few times and every time it was fabulous. We love the Red Rose and the Pesto Crepes. And for my 12th birthday, when I got the Red Rose Crepe, they wrote happy birthday, and the number 12 on the crepe, along with the crepe came a very nice birthday card. Please go and try The Village Coffee Shop and I'm sure you won't be disappointed. :) ~ Shannon's Daughter
5	Found this cozy shop while looking for commercial real estate in the area. We arrived 10 minutes after the  2:00 PM closing time.  As we walked in we were greeted with a warm welcome.  The owner was sweet, open, and a delightful conversationalist offering a very warm and inviting atmosphere.  This place is rather cozy, large parties may wish to occupy the seats available outside.The owner mentioned she would happily serve us and discussed the location with us and her menu options, which were rather vast.  There is a very large drink selection of coffee, teas and other warm and cold frothy treats.  The crepe menu selection was very well, with both savory and sweet options.We selected ice coffee and a mixed iced tea for drinks along with "The Californian;" with chicken, sun dried tomatoes, goat cheese and basil, and the "Pesto Chicken."  As we mentioned we would share the items, she was gracious enough to divide both items evenly on two plates.The portion size was moderate to large and absolutely delicious.  I am excited to try this place again.  I am certain it shall quickly become one of my new favorite places.
2	A group of 6 of us were drawn in to this tiny cafe by a road side sign on our drive through Cave Creek. We had been out the night before partaking in Wild West festivities, so crepes sounded like a glorious remedy for our post-bourbon bellies. While the shop is quaint and welcoming, "tiny" is not to be mistaken for an exaggeration. There are 2 or 3 two-person tables inside, and about 4 tables outside, 2 of which can seat a group of our size. With 1 server and 2 crepe griddles, they were not equipped to handle a full house. The quality of food and beverage was fair. But not enough to forgive the inordinate amount of time spent waiting for it. A simple order for black coffee took more than 20 minutes to arrive, and one of our girls ordered coffee with cream and sugar - it came with the cream and sugar already mixed in. So I guess they have a telepathic barista. As we sipped our coffee, we started feeling more alive. And as we waited for our food...and waited...the coffeee turned our stomachs into grouchy mongers demanding some sort of caloric prey to slience the wrath of a hungry hangover. Yet nothing came. After another half hour, we saw the table next to us who arrived a few mintues prior to our party finally receive out crepes. Super - so with their 2 griddles, about 15-20 minutes later we finally saw and end to the misery. The crepes were tasty, though some were quite burned on the edges. The filling was simple and hit the spot. The wait however was exceptional. Even the most luxurious meal on the laziest Sunday morning should not call for a near 90 minute wait from sitting at your table to eating your food. Despite a smiling apology, mere words didn't really heal the pain. My overall takeaway: don't come hungry.
4	----- This review is for the booth The Village Coffee Shop had at "Taste of Cave Creek"-----After tasting the cakes that this place had to offer at the Taste of Cave Creek event (held 10/16 & 10/17) we cannot wait to give this location a try in full!  The chocolate layer cake was to die for with a cookie like base layer, moist chocolate cake layers, and some light whip cream style filling.  The staff that was handling the booth itself were incredibly friendly and answered all of our questions about what was what on the table.  Overall: ACan't wait to give the coffee a try too!
5	Great cup o joe - want to try the crepes next time...
4	This little hole in the wall place is worth popping into. The coffee shop is tiny with some outdoor seating. They have very good coffee, a very clean bathroom and awesome crepes. The crepes INCLUDE savory....none of this sugar only stuff. Right next door, they actually share the door, is a barbershop. Simply quaint. Excellent service and excellent coffee.
4	My ham and cheese crepe was good, but was a bit liquidy inside. Maybe that was the Dijon sauce, maybe it was the tomatoes. I don't know. It didn't taste bad. It was just a little...swimmy. The ham was nice - I expected lunch meat but got nice cubes of ham. The crepe I got was supposed to be ham and cheese, but I really couldn't taste any cheese or see much for that matter. It was more like ham and mustard with spinach.  Not a huge deal for me since I like mustard. I also had the chai latte. I have found my new favorite place for chai latte. It was great. I had one there and got one more to go!
5	Omg I love this place food greatCoffee my favorite hazelnut the bestOwner and employees are so niceCan't wait till I come back
5	Brilliant. Opens at 7.30 i think and despite being a little tricky to find it was wonderful. I had the best strawberry crepe of my life this morning and the service was great. There are a few tables outside and we had a lovely quiet breakfast. Definitely back tomorrow.
5	We had a lunch crepe and two dessert crepes. All were very good!  Coffees also great and served in those big oversized cups. Only a few tables inside so we sat outside which was fine. A nice place for a Sunday brunch.
5	Coffee here is so good. Not bitter or over roasted. Have now had both a savory and sweet crepe, both are wonderful! The wait can be long but in July they are moving 2 suites down to a much bigger space and will have 6 crepe griddles. If you have an hour, they are worth the wait. Free wifi or friends will make the time fly.
5	Wow!! Excellent!! Highly recommended!!We were in carefree for a weekend wedding at the Boulders and we stumbled upon this place. It was fantastic! Had the ham&cheese crepes and the breakfast crepes. Russian black tea (iced) and coffee. Also both amazing. Coming back for more on our last day in town (b/c the sweet crepes look too enticing to miss). Oh, and the owner and staff were cheery, helpful and phenomenal as well!
5	Found this little spot on Yelp, drove up on a Sunday morning for breakfast and wow.. We loved it! Tried out 3 different crepes, all were amazing. Will be back many more times. Well worth the drive up from Scottsdale.
5	Quaint and relaxing.  Very small!!!! Outdoor seating with nice views.  Please don't go there for a quick bite to eat.  Go there for great food and delicious coffee.  We had to wait awhile for our food but what a great place to relax and have conversation.  Friendly staff!  A Carefree gem!
5	Great find. The breakfast crepe was delicious. They serve a very large portion for a great price.  We also tried the sweet cinnamon swirl and lemon zest after... So delicious. My husband and I have tried many crepe places throughout the years and this is definitely one of the top. Fantastic coffee and great breakfast/sweet crepes. We will head back soon to try the savory ones.
3	Gone down a star since my last review. I've been here three times now. The first time was my first review. I sat outside. I was given a menu. The service was slow but friendly and my crepe was a little watery but good. The second time I went, I got the same drink (chai latte), and a sweet crepe (lemon zest). The chai and the crepe tasted great, though the crepe seemed a bit too crispy. Again, I sat outside, was given a menu and my order was taken. Again slow service (chai was out quickly, but the crepe took forever). But I kind of expected it this time. Third time - ... Why it went down a star. I had decided to only go when I get my hair done right across the way, but really wanted that lemon zest crepe that day. So I made the drive. It's really not close to me. Got there, was greeted, said I was going to eat inside (a change from my last two times). She asked if I wanted a drink in the meantime, so I ordered a chai. She went to go make that, so I sat myself down in the little corner table. I had a stroller with me so sitting here pretty much blocked me in. Chai was delivered, no question about weather I was ready to order. 10min later, and after my baby started fussing and more people had arrived, she looks out over the counter and asks "we're you going to order something?" ... Well, yes. But not anymore since my baby is fussing now. What's the protocol at this place? Are you supposed to order at the counter? Because I was told to find a seat and they'd bring me a menu the first two times. I assumed it was the same inside. My bad. If it were easier for me to get up I'd have gone to the counter but I was blocked in by my stroller and then trying to soothe a fussy baby. Really though, for the majority of that time I was the only person there. I didn't want to shout over to the counter to grab her attention and wake my baby. Would it have been so inconvenient to ask if I needed anything? It's not like there were other customers needing orders.
4	What a little Cave Creek Gem. Great food! I love the crapes both sweet and savory. I took one star away because the person serving you is also the cook which makes service really slow. Other than that I have nothing but great things to say.
5	The best food in town this is the only breakfast joint that I go out to . Everything is so fresh and tastes awesome,
2	Food and coffee - 4 starsService - 0 starsWe got our coffee and then the crepes came .... ONE HOUR LATER! They told us that they had only two griddles and it would be 10 more minutes. When I told her to cancel it cause we're going elsewhere the crepes starting coming out one after another after another. Obviously they forgot our order Tip: make sure you check on your order every ten minutes cause the service sucks and their order tracking system needs some work
2	Service was slow! Crepes over priced! Two stars cause I really really really love creeps--all Crepes not just here..
5	Love this place! They just expanded to a new shop and it's absolutely beautiful! Nice people. Only negative is it is a bit slow but for a lazy Sunday morning the slow is actually great! Gives it a nice cozy feeling in a family atmosphere.
3	This place is a little hard to find. The shopping complex itself is easy enough, but once you get in and parked and consult the directory- either they moved or that thing needs to be revised to be a little more clear. We walked around the entire building before finding our way in through the back door. The facilities are clean, the place is spacious, bright, and airy. There are ten tables inside and appeared to be three or four out front. The person at the counter was friendly enough. We ordered two 16 oz black coffees and it was under $7. The coffee was just okay. I was definitely expecting better. Next time we're in the area we'll check out someplace else.
4	Took a drive out of the city to find a unique Christmas gift for my mom. First thing on the agenda was a cup of coffee. After a quick yelp check we came across this little gem of a shop. They clearly take pride in presentation as their crafted lattes looked as yummy as they tasted. There is a good variety of crepes on their menu. I chose savory over sweet, and I'm glad I did. Ordered the special which had ham, cheese, onions. It was delicious. They are located in a new shopping plaza, it's still under constitution so we weren't sure they were open. Glad we drove down, around, to the back. Friendly staff, quiet atmosphere, and posts to hitch your pony.
