4	Every time I try to compare this with other car rental places, I always end up putting in a reservation here because they have the cheapest price, hence the name Thrifty. Since getting Blue Chip membership, it's always been a breeze picking up the car. I can bypass the dreaded long line from the regular counter inside the rental car center and just head up to the Blue Chip member window. I simply show my reservation number, sign the necessary paperwork, pick my car (love that they let you choose which one you want rather than assign one to you), and I'm on my way. My last visit brought me the quickest/friendliest service so far. For a free service, being a BC member does have its perks. I'm more than likely to book my next rental with them.
2	Was there to pick up a car on 9/27/2010.  There was three people ahead of me and I waited about one hour for my turn.  It was a horrible experience and will never use them again.  I noticed other car rental agencies in that hub had only a few customers waiting, but maybe I got what I paid for this time.
1	We rented a car for 3 days in Vegas a few weeks ago and I left a $500 camera lens in the center console. As soon as our flight took off for JFK I realized that it was missing. As soon as we landed I called up Thrifty and selected the menu option for lost & found... It just rang out. I then called back and selected the option to speak to a manager... it said 'Your call cannot be connected at this time'. So, over the course of the next 5 days i kept trying to call and get through to someone. I left several messages with the lost and found at Thrifty Las Vegas after being transferred by customer service. I also had customer service email the Las Vegas outlet a couple of times. By the time I actually got on the phone to a real person at the location and they were able to search the car the lens was no longer there... well of course it wasnt!!!!! Their response was that because I had chosen not to purchase the extra insurance there was nothing they could do. So basically... unless you pay extra, their employees can keep anything they find in your rental car. GREAT!!!
1	My friend and I reserved a car for our Grand Canyon-Bryce Canyon-Zion National Park trip.  My friend is under 25 and spoke to someone about her corporate discount code which would cancel out the fee for being under 25.She spoke to a rep on two occasions before the trip to confirm the code would work and that it was the right code.When we went to pick up our car, the code didn't work.I hate surprises, especially when it about doubles the cost we were expecting.  Maybe there was a misunderstanding on my friend's part when she called but I can't imagine how.  She called twice and she's not stupid.
1	Very pushy upselling the extra insurance!  The counter agent actually demanded to know if I had called my insurance company and began to interrogate me about what they covered.  He insisted I give him the name of my insurance company.  Then he commenced to detail all the different ways I would have to pay more money by not buying extra insurance.  When I got to the car (not the model listed online, or even close) there was a big ding in the door.  I was so freaked out about extra charges I tried to report it to the agents on the lot but they said they don't take those reports anymore.  Hmm. Very unpleasant way to begin my trip.  Never again, Thrifty!
1	Awful! Not only was the process excruciatingly slow, the staff didn't seem to care that people were in line at least 30 minutes before being served. Some people got so frustrated with the wait, they left to go to another rental company. I would have too but was next in line and already waited for close to 45 minutes.The most disturbing aspect of Thrifty is all the required add on costs.  Just because the quote you received online was the cheapest, it certainly doesn't mean it will remain the cheapest once you get to the counter.Initial quote, $78 for 4 days. Now lets add all the extra hidden costs...+Customer facility charge, $15+Vehicle license fee, $6.40+Add spouse as driver, $10 (typically free at other companies)+Basic coverage for road side assistance, $24 (typically free st other companies). If the car dies due to mechanical issues, you are responsible fir getting it back to Thrifty if you dont get the coverage. What a bullsh* t cost. How do I know how well they maintain their cars!On top of all this, they require a gas receipt as proof that you filled the tank at a gas station at least 10 miles away. If the meter says full, its full.  I shouldn't have to provide proof.
4	Rene and Mavis are amazing at costumer service. Be careful to return on time tho. They are super strict on time of return.
4	I realized I've never reviewed these folks.   My experiences with them have always been excellent in Sin City.  Two tips.1) Join their "Blue Chip" program.  It gets you past the lines and right to where the cars are.  It's definitely worth it in a vacation city like Vegas.2) Try their "Wild Card" promotion.  You pay the price of a compact car and are guaranteed at least that class or better.  I've never driven a compact when I've rented that.  I've driven a Charger, Avenger, and Crown Vic when I've done this deal.The negative is that once you get on their email list, it sticks around like a "social disease."
1	Reserved through Orbitz with a debit card and picked up with a credit card because of their debit card policies. Their system was down so they did everything manually, approved it and I was on my way. I returned the car three days later and their computers are STILL down. They receive the car and hand write me a bill saying the card that I gave them would be charged. The next day I look at my statements and the card I gave them has been charged. I look at my bank statement and they've also charged me a deposit for a rental on my debit card, the day after I returned the car! I called them to get it straightened out because i figure it's simple human error because of their systems being down and that they can just drop the charge on my visa.  I call them and they insist that i'm mistaken and I must have given them a visa. They look at the imprint of the card and go figure; it's the AMEX I paid for the rental with. Too bad though, they charged my debit card for it and they claim they can't do anything about it now (even though it's still pending). They also have a charge on my AMEX, so I don't have access to those funds either. The thing is; I never presented them my visa and they don't have a swipe, imprint or record of it other than via Orbitz.  The people at the counter both times were great, but the manager Albert was rude and seemed put out that I wanted him to look into this. He had someone else call me back, presumably because he didn't want to admit his mistake, and essentially tell me to call their billing department on Monday to have them charge the Amex for the final bill and they'll refund  the other card in 5-7 days.PS: the convertible I rented was beaten into the ground. Big dents all over it. Sort of took away from the feeling of renting a flashy car when it was so beat up.
1	They lost my reservation in the computer system Made me go to the end of the line 3 times when I got the companies customer service on the line they wanted to speak to the manage 20 minutes later he came out of his hole and told them he decided my attitude was bad and won't rent the car Manager is Mark 60 year old fat bald guy Stay away from ThriftyAfter he turned me away I walked over to Hurtz same car $50 less then my reservation price I didn't have to pay the orbitz or Priceline feeBest bet call hertz direct and reserve your car What ever you do stays way from dollar and Thrifty Manager Mark is in charge of both companies let me tel you he is a lazy fat butt who does nothing to satisfy customers.
4	I booked the smallest possible car in tandem with my flight through Southwest for a weekend here, because I needed the car for one day to drive out to Red Rocks for some bouldering. Thoughts:1. Oddly enough, I tried finding prices to do just a day rental for the Sunday I'd be climbing, and it came out only five bucks cheaper than the price to rent it the entire weekend. I figured it'd be less of a hassle to just rent it at the three-day price ($75) and save cost on cabbing (~$20 each way) back and forth to the hotel (Encore). 2. Omg the rental process was sooo less painful than I was expecting, thank the lord. Here's why: the McCarran Rent-a-car Center is awesome http://www.yelp.com/biz/mccarran-rent-a-car-center-las-vegas#hrid:IegKUwCfx3XMQC2kXptAjw/src:self3. The guy at the desk tried to get me to upgrade the car for $50, insisting that the economy sized one I got would be waaay too small and would barely fit four people. I was only really planning on driving myself and a friend and some bouldering pads, so I didn't care too much, but when I got to the car, it was huge! Granted, I am a smallish Filipino lady and most of my cousins/friends who I transported around Vegas were equally sized, but seriously it was a spacious Ford Fusion. Definitely never upgrading. 4. All of the customer service points of contact were brusque and efficient, but none very personable (though the girl who gave me the car was pretty cute). Minus a few points for the robotic feel. 5. The car had no issues although I couldn't figure out the stereo system and didn't find the trunk button til the last day. Just a note, you can easily return it with a full tank instead of paying their $9/gallon or whatever to have them do it. Within five miles of the airport, gas was $3.50 at the time of this post: no problemo!P.S. Driving around Vegas was a piece of cake. Roads are super wide and lights kinda suck, but it's all manageable. It was maybe 15 minutes from Encore to LAS and vice versa, and best of all almost every casino has free parking & free valet (with tip)!
5	I had an excellent experience with Thrifty! I booked my car about a month in advance through Southwest (they're a Rapid Rewards partner, so you get points for the rental) and got a pretty great deal.After a very quick check-in process, I was sent upstairs to pick my car. This was the first time I've rented from an agency that doesn't assign a specific vehicle to you. I chose a bright blue Dodge Avenger and was on my way! At the end of my trip, I was a couple of hours late in returning the car. This wasn't an issue at all! We called Thrifty to see what their policy with late returns is and were told that, as long as we returned the car on the day it was due, we wouldn't be charged. If we had taken the car back the next morning, we would have been charged for another day, which is fair. Every staff member I interacted with was polite and friendly; the whole process was a breeze!Tips: Know the gas prices in the area where you will be returning the car; filling up on your own may be cheaper than their gas rate. If your credit card offers rental car insurance, book the rental with that card; that way, you can refuse the rental company's insurance and save $, but still have coverage. Do some research on the cars they offer so that you can pick the most fuel-efficient one.
2	4 Stars for efficient and polite staff at Blue Chip counter, but the car they gave us was in desperate need of mechanical work.  Needed a wheel alignment and tire balancing.  Drivers mirror glass was broken, and interior could have been a little cleaner.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. I will NEVER rent from thrifty again or let anyone I know rent from then. I have rented dozens of cars from other car rental places and never had an issue. I made a reservation weeks in advance, got to the place and had all sorts of complications. The employees were VERY rude and not accommodating.  DO NOT RENT FROM THRIFTY!!!!
1	(corrected Thrifty location - original review 3/7/13)OH HELLO, VOMIT ON THE INSIDE PASSENGER DOORAsking myself where this review should begin, I decided to back way up in the trip planning. We went back and forth on whether or not it was necessary to rent a vehicle. There were two of us travelers. We didn't plan on drinking much while in Vegas so not worried about DUI, but did plan on going to Fremont Street, so lots of cab fare. Had a convention with a $10 parking lot and our hotel had a monorail station for $5. Lots of back and forth. When we finally concluded that it would be slightly more convenient to rent a car, we started searching for deals online. Found a discount code for Thrifty Auto Rental from Orbitz (I think) that stated an additional 6% savings. Husband did all the work online while on the phone with me, setting up our reservation. But he couldn't find a place to enter the discount code. Please be user friendly when making a webpage. So we figured we'd reserve the car with his credit card and bring the discount code along with us when we picked up the car. Jerome was working the counter in Las Vegas and must have been having a really bad day. He was unfriendly and unhelpful. I'm a big believer in coupons and discounts and saving of the money. So naturally we brought up the code and pulled up the page on my husband's phone, with the discount confirmation number. We explained we couldn't apply this when paying and he snapped that "if we couldn't do it, he wouldn't be able to either." It was rude and unhelpful.We went upstairs to the garage and picked up a Kia Soul. For just over $100 for five days of minimal driving it was an okay deal. Nothing special. The tank was full and I walked the vehicle, taking pictures of all dings and scrapes. I didn't think to look inside before we left. It wasn't until the next day that I saw the passenger door. What the &#$^%!! Is that vomit? A half-hearted attempt to clean the sticky, disgusting mess had been made and I made another go at it. We immediately pulled over but it didn't come off very nicely. So for five days I sat in the seat consciously reminding myself not to let my right knee touch the door. Upon returning the vehicle I pointed out the filthy door to the nice woman who checked us in. She said we should have called and we could have returned and had the car replaced. Cuz that's how I want to spend my vacation. Driving around because some employee didn't do their job? Perhaps if she'd said my call would have brought another car to me to trade... but I wasn't about to waste gas and time anyhow. Instead, I'll double check for gross interiors before leaving the parking lot.
1	One person to help a huge line, where are the employees... Been waiting forever, 17 windows but one employees... Thanks for nothing Thrifty
1	The worst car rental experience I have ever had, I usually only rent from enterprise because ive never had an issue in 10 years of renting but went here because it was Sunday and I had limited options since enterprise at the airport had no minivans. I would never rent here again and would recommend you use another company too. The cars are nice but 2 of the people  I dealt with should work for the dmv or some place where customer service is not needed.
1	Yelp needs to make a zero star review possible because Thrifty totally deserves it! I went against my own instincts and booked with them because they were the cheapest and didn't charge a one way rental fee. NEVER again. Huge line and when we started there were 4 employees working which quickly dwindled to only 2. 45 minutes later we finally got outside to actually get our car. The lady tells us to "take any of those 3 cars over there". One was being cleaned by quite possibly the slowest person ever so we went to the next one,loaded all of our luggage, and then saw writing on the windshield. I asked another employee about this and he told us the car was broken. At this point the other 2 options are gone. They did upgrade us to a Mustang, but it really was too little too late. Also after driving about 20 miles, the oil change needed light came on! Please avoid this disorganized mess.
1	Would not recommend these people at all. Took forever to get our car and there was only 2 people in line. Plus we didn't  even the car we had reserved. Why pick out a model if there not going to give you that one ? Plus the biggest thing of all they added insurance to the car even though I waived it and signed I didn't need it. Couldn't get a refund ended up costing me another $160 very underhanded be careful of this  shady business. Couldn't even talk to a person to get a refund called and called beware of thrifty unless you have Money to waste. Will never rent from them ever again and will warn all my friends and family not to either.
1	If you want slow service?this is the place, only two people working on the day before thanksgiving really??? What is wrong with you people? You have people waiting in line for over one hour! Not cool, at all.
2	I read the reviews, and I thought that by enrolling in the Blue Chip program - where you provide all your information ahead of time and they have a special line for you in order to expedite the agonizing rental process - things would be better.Not really.First of all, good luck trying to find a listing of the hours this Thrifty is open: It's not listed on any Thrifty website. On Expedia.com, it is listed as being open to 1:00 a.m.So imagine my surprise when I approached the counter around Midnight only to be told by a brusque woman at the Thrifty counter that I would have to wait over at the Dollar counter.Sigh.When I went to the Dollar counter, there was NO line for Blue Chip members. Fortunately, when I reached the front, the guy had all the information, and kindly handed me my contract and I was out the door. Points to the guys working at the Dollar counter.But in general...Why is it so hard for rental car companies to get their act together? It seems that even when you take the time to enroll in their "Frequent Rental/Painless Rental" programs that are designed to expedite the process, they still manage to somehow make life for the renter difficult.
1	Warning: rent at your own risk, unless you have alot of time to waste & don't care for poor & rude service. The poor reviews I can truly believe. I flew into Vegas to unfortunately attend a funeral. I think my flight was shorter than the total time to wait in line to wait to pick up the car & leave the rental area! I was even 40 min late attending the service since there were so many issues with the rental company. I arrived 2 hrs early into the airport prior to the service & got to the rental place in 15 min. With 2 people in front of me & a long line behind me, I finally get to the counter about 45min later. People were getting very upset & taking their business elsewhere which I should've done to spare me the headache. Only 1 representative available & the old man that helped me had poor people skills & couldn't even get into his computer because he couldn't remember his password. Time to retire, that includes his attitude! Mind you, I only asked 1 question "is there a 1 hour grace period?" Imagine, I was patient the entire time & I get attitude? He answered repeatedly "the time you check in is the time you bring it back"...he must have had Dementia or something because I could've been good with a a "yes" or "no" answer, instead of his annoying parroting. After I finally get done with him, I go downstairs to get my car. If you have the Wild car, keep in mind prices are good because they choose your car. The attendant said to me I got the Mustang convertible. I'm sure most folks would be thrilled, but NOT IF YOU HAVE A SMALL CHILD! I brought it to their attention in the booth & the lady, Cindy, didn't care & said she would have to charge me to "upgrade". I just requested a hardtop for safety reasons. Didn't realize she went ahead & charged me WITHOUT MY AUTHORIZATION.  That is totally stealing! Another rep said it was OK to go with an alternate car, I got one in a lower category with a hardtop, but still within the request I booked online. Sure enough, when I return the vehicle, there's an extra charge for my "downgrade". I made a complaint by phone since no manager was readily available & I was pushed for time to return to the airport. I speak with the Thrifty phone representative, Kevin, And he says the complaint will go to the General Manager at the rental location for training purposes, but I will not be refunded. He too was not friendly on the phone the minute I said I had a complaint. Wow, how is it that Thrifty hires poorly trained & uneducated staff? You stand in a forever line, get attitude for it & pay extra for a downgrade without my authorization after being told no charges will be filed? Really? My one star is for the initial rate I got & for that one Asian staff who was trying to be helpful after seeing my grief...
1	If i could have given zero stars I would have.  not because the people wernt nice, they were.  the cars simply were not there.  It took nearly 2 hours from start to finish to get my vehicle.  If thrifty reads these and cares, they will invest in the people and systems to not make the process so horrible.
1	Just plain awful! After having a very bad experience with a Hertz in Waikiki I decided to try thrifty for my next rental for a Las Vegas trip. I booked the car on 1/18 (yes a month ago) and when I went to collect it, aside from the horrendous slow line...they had no cars!!! They even sent me a reminder in the morning...WTF! I went crawling back to Hertz and got my mustang with no issues. I'd give them ZERO stars if I could!
1	Wait for my car was longer than my flight. Thrifty charges less than many of the others, but just know that you'll pay for it in wait time.
4	Thrifty is located in the convenient car rental center served by airport buses running every few minutes. Watch out for some of the cheaper agencies that are off-off site and require transferring to a second bus. As a Blue Chip member I was able to bypass the long lines at the rental counter and go straight to the kiosk in the garage, where my total wait to get into a car was about 5 minutes.
1	You guessed it ... another Rent-a-Car centre one-star from this yelp.com user.This is not isolated stuff here. Every one of these companies at McCarran bait and switch, accept reservations (even pre-paid), and then do not honour. The following is my firsthand experience with Thrifty:It was late Thursday night. I guess it was during Spring Break (how this is germane is beyond me, but it was brought up by an employee). I had already been turned away by several McCarran companies, like E-Z, Firefly (rentals, not the restaurant with horrific health code violations), and maybe another. I quickly make a reservation on my fancy phone via carrentals.com. Just 15$/day, which seemed like a steal at the time, especially with my 12$/day pre-paid reservation at E-Z not being honoured, and enormous queues at Hertz and Payless, but when I reach the counter I am informed they have no cars. I can wait until 0400 -- I am told (it is 0030 at this point) -- or, I can accept a hook-up to an unnamed company (different from Thrifty) for fifty (50) dollars ($) a day. Fifty! You see ... it was either agree to fifty a day or wait for four or more hours for a car. And this was some other company -- one that was never named -- that this Thrifty employee was referring me to. Paraphrasing here: "If you walk up right now, it would be eighty a day. I can get your fifty because this is my friend and I will be sending you to them." Later, she repeated this line, but mistakenly estimated the walk-up rate now to be ninety (90), because of "Spring Break." You can't make this shit up. After I say no, politely, I sit for about five minutes or less -- no bullshit -- and, the same employee tells me to head back to the counter because they had my car. The 15$/day car. My untested hypothesis is that it was there all along. It had Colorado plates and was filthy, inside and out. I turned it in cleaner after the weekend than it was when dispatched to me.
1	I've rented here 3 times now. Never again. Huge 30 minute plus line each time, with only 2 workers at the 7 available registers.  Then they hard, hard upsell you on unnecessary insurance.  All the other agencies have no lines, likely because they charge more.  I'll pay a bit more next time.
1	Worst rental car agency by far at Las Vegas. Expect huge line to get your car. Minimum one hour wait. Staff is oblivious to long lines and regularly takes breaks leaving one or two people to service 15 person line. Worst is a guy named Jeremy Blair who insists on getting your hotel info. Real creepy. I will never be back.
1	Same story as everybody else. Waiting in a really long line, and only 2 attendants. They must not care too much about customer service around here.
1	The car rental itself was fine.  It was the car return that turned into a disaster in that I left a sweater in the car.  The sweater happened to be a friend's sweater that I wanted to retrieve that day to no avail.  I called from the main airport before my flight left for Dallas - no answer.  I returned to Dallas - called them again the exact day - April 22, 2014 - and could get no answer from the locals at that location.  The national customer service line answered but could not help.  So I completed the online lost and found application.  Continued to call the local number - even the manager's number - left messages.  No return call.  My sister even visited the location on Friday for me and the sweater was never found.  Therefore, thieves work at this location.  So beware everyone.  Never accidentally leave anything in a car at this location that could be worn or used by another - because it WILL BE STOLEN.  And they will NEVER EVEN HAVE THE RESPECT OR DIGINITY TO RETURN YOUR CALLS.  These are very bad people who have no respect for their customers or their customer's belongings.  I will never rent a car from Thrifty Car Rental again in my life!!!!!  The saddest part of this entire fiasco is I was never supposed to rent from them in the first place.  My original agreement was with another car rental that had a computer problem and sent me to Thrifty!
1	No, the blue chip program doesn't help. My wife makes the reservations, I drive. After being ignored at the blue chip window for 20 minutes we were  rudely informed we had to go wait in the other, longer, line. Turns out only the driver can be the blue chip member. Thanks for telling us up front.Went back inside waited 40 minutes for two folks working the line to find my reservation. At least the guy inside was friendly, despite being super busy.
1	I've made the mistake of renting here twice. Each time the line was over an hour long. Life is too short. Go elsewhere.
1	They advertise the cheapest price then can't handle the rush. 11:10 pm in Vegas on 7/3/2014 in 100 degree weather and we're in line so far for 25 minutes. If I would have spent $10 more, I could be at my hotel by now.Never again!! This is the last time I use them!  Their not thrifty - they are just plain lousy!
1	This must be a joke.  An hour in line and an hour for the car! !  The big boys line's moving and mt.   Never Again!!
1	Never had a problem before with any rent a car places in Vegas but this trip with thrifty was real bad. 1 hr wait as 1 agent try's to help a line 50 deep.  Then we all have to listen to this one agent try and sell insurance Causing the line to back up more. Never again Thrifty. Please avoid these people readers. Do not say I did not warn you.As we left vegas I see they had the same problem.    Shame on you thrifty.
1	Thieves. I had to make a quick stop into Vegas to see my sick mom and I rented this car as part of a package deal with my flight. The gal at the counter didn't seem like she even wanted to be there. She didn't fully explain a damn thing to me and I was in such a rush. I said yes to pre-paid gas and even though the receipt said ESTIMATED CHARGES don't buy that BS. I brought the car back FULL and I was still charged $70. I did call their customer service and got my money back but think about the folks who don't. She said you should have told the person who checked the car back in. Umm i did and he said there was nothing he could do. And did I mention what a hunk of junk the car was? It was a new Chrysler  200 and it was so dirty inside. Dusty, funk on all over the carpet and the dings and scratches on the outside. OMG. I understand the name of the car rental company is thrifty but damn have a little pride. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY! You have been warned!
1	BAIT and SWITCH!!! Do NOT USE.  They give out reservations left and right with the cheapest prices, but then dont have cars available.  They do nothing to accomodate you.  They even hired a security guard to control the unruly customers.  You end up spending way more by having to rent elsewhere.DO NOT USE
1	ZERO STARS. Do not rent from dollar/thrifty at the Las Vegas airport.  I wish I had paid a dollar a day more to rent from someone else. Every customer takes 14 -21 minutes to do their paperwork (you have plenty of time to time them). I waited about 80 minutes with my young children to get a dirty car. This has to be the least efficient system I have seen in a long time.
1	While they may list lower prices than other agencies, this comes at a cost. In our case, a line that took one hour to pass through just to get to the checkout counter. Do yourself a favor and rent from *any* other agency at the airport.
1	And to make matters worse, on the return they charge the wrong card - which is no biggie except that as I wait in line for 20 minutes to get that changed, an older couple literally cut in line and get served before us. Their excuse, "we have a flight!"  Well, so do I. But they are WHITE and I guess the Indian guy in front of me and my own "Mexicanness" is not good enough to be helped first.
1	Oh how I hate the lines and the service. Especially the service. It seems like all employees, especially the ones behind the counters of rental car companies came straight from hell. Because we book via an European agent we seldom know which rental car company we're renting from. But we know after over 30 car rentals that Dollar and Thrifty have the worst staff. Their even rude and verbally aggressive if you don't take the suggested extra's.And it happens not sometimes, but all the times. Not taking the insurance and road side assistance made the man behind the counter lecturing me like I was retarded. Telling me hell would break loose if something would happen and I would go bankrupt and would not be able to leave The United States. They had my creditcard and knew were I lived. I'm thinking of filing a complaint.Both with Thrifty for the rude way I was treated as with my agent. The sell you 'a complete package' so you don't have to worry about insurance. They even tell you not to take extra's because it's all in the package. Well, I'm at least in doubt. And knowing the culture of sueing people doesn't really help.And to make things worse, he just added it without asking. Because I asked why I had to pay $90 extra (besides the fuell) I've notice. But on the bright side, and that is the one star, the lady pointing out the cars was very helpfull and friendly. Even got us an upgrade because she was out of cars in our range. In the past we've also experienced that we've just had to wait untill a car came in, or we had to pay extra.And excuse any grammar or spelling mistakes. English is not my fist language. And if that isn't bad enough, my Apple device keeps changing the words into 'proper Dutch'. Yes, you've guessed right, my first language.And excuse any grammar or spelling mistakes. English is not my fist language. And if that isn't bad enough, my Apple device keeps changing the words into 'proper Dutch'. Yes, you've guessed right, my first language.
1	Will never rent from this place again. Rented car in Las Vegas to drive to Flagstaff AZ in my spouses name. Get to Flagstaff and my husband has a medical emergency and has to have heart surgery. When calling Thrifty to put my name on car so that I can drive it back they refuse. Tell me my only option is to have car towed back!!! I ask to speak to a manager and they say he will call me back and no call returned. THIS IS AN EMERGENCY AND I AM A LICENSED DRIVER. There has to be better options than this!!!
1	Horrible service well at least Michael. ( bald gentlemen )  I have never seen such a horrible rude customer service representative.  I have always said I will only leave positive yelps but I can not help myself. As a consumer I have never been treated and talked down to like that before. So sorry we didn't understand what you asked. If you hate your job so much move on !
1	Unpleasant experience: Waiting line 1.5 hours with half of staff going on break and not treated friendly.
5	Rule # 1 if you dont have money dont go to vegas.  They do put  up to a 350$ HOLD on your cc.  Luckily for us it was 59$  they were pleasant renting and returning.   I lost a bag with 18 $ worth of valuables. And they searched for it and found it.   Excellent  people and they try to make you happy.   There is 1 con. Midsize sometimes seems compact.
1	Don't rent a car from this group. Waited 45 minutes (35 people behind me in line) and was finally waited on by a rude, condescending employee (substitute other word here ). I cancelled my reservation on the spot and went to Alamo. No problems there.
1	Ridiculously slow!!!!!!! 20 terminals but only staffed with 5 ppl...on a Saturday night!
1	Absolute joke. 1hr check in. 40 people in line 3 agents on the busiest travel day!!!!
1	Awful.  Crappy car with 41,000 miles didn't have a working heater or windshield washer fluid.Even when you decline coverage they charge you anyway, hoping that you won't notice or dispute it.  The dispute process is an enormous hassle and even when they say they'll credit you back, they don't, forcing you to dispute it with your credit card company.STAY AWAY FROM THRIFTY!
1	I'd leave 0 stars if possible. HORRIBLE service. Nobody working. Huge line and a general attitude of "I don't give a crap" from the supervisor. Avoid at all costs.
1	I went with Thrifty because they were slightly less expensive than the competition. Unfortunately, that cost savings was at the price of guest service and service quality. First, I was directed by the manager on duty to go to another location to expedite my rental as the main counter was busy. When I got to the new location, I was treated like I had leprosy, apparently because didn't I know they had a main counter? Second, I was charged for the optional insurance twice, despite declining coverage. When I tried to change it, I was told I had already clicked the button (accept on the screen) and would have to speak with the manager to have it reversed. I went back to the main counter, which still had a line, only to be told the manager had left and I would have to call later. When I called later, I was told, you guessed it, I already clicked the button so there was nothing they could do. Well, there is something I can do. First, take my business elsewhere. Second, recommend others avoid them so they don't have to go through the miserable, time consuming, money wasting process I did.
3	Update: Shortly after posting my review I received an email from Thrifty Customer Service. I was asked to respond and provide the rental number via private response. I did so and just a few minutes ago received an email of response from Thrifty. So, kudos to Thrifty for taking ownership for an unsatisfied customer. Even though I would have rather the experience had been more positive overall, I do appreciate that Thrifty was willing to resolve my complaint. Thank you.
3	We had booked a Vegas package through Travelocity and our rental was from Thrifty.  They share their counter with Dollar and you can use either one to get help.We had a wild card to pick any of the compact in the lot.  B. was the driver so he got to pick what he wanted.  He liked the silver Toyota Corolla and seemed to like it fine.Car was dirty on the inside - sticky seatbelt and I found 2 empty soda bottles under the passenger front seat!  Dirty on the outside with sticky stuff - but we noted it on the paper before leaving.Don't do the prepay for gas, she was going to charge us $45, but we found gas way cheaper only $24 at Rebel Gas near the return lot.  You can find cheaper gas within 10miles and it's easy to get to before returning the car.  Save your Receipt.
2	We decided at the last moment that we'd rent a car, so by the time we reached the McCarran Center there was a long line. We checked different rental offices but the price seemed to be too high and we were left with thrifty. Pros:1.We were not planning to drive along the Strip much, the car was just to travel to and from the airport and maybe just in case we got time to visit any nearby attractions. So this was the cheapest option and well, it served the purpose.2.the car was clean3. the gentleman at the counter was nice to us and quick to process the request.cons:1. while driving the car, it wasn't all that good and smooth. Had to get used to it though.2.there wasn't enough staff at the counter and we had to wait for a long time. Finally when we reached the front of the line, the lady at the counter left and asked us to wait for the next staff to be free.3.after we got the paperwork done, we proceeded to the parking lot. There was a man to check our papers and he had a very cold attitude. He said "You can take any of the cars over there that you see" and he pointed to the back row of cars. There were around 8 cars in that row. So my husband tried to ask him which cars in specific he meant. The man said again "any of the cars that you can see"  Well.. we are not blind, we do see all the cars over there. We went over and tried to switch on two cars which looked fine. But they wouldn't start. So we went over to yet another car, it started but we were not able to adjust the seat. Finally we got a Beat, looked ok and we drove away. I wish the man just mentioned the cars which were working instead of having to make us try every cars out there at 4.00am!When we returned, we had just filled gas from the gas station next to McCarren and the fuel indicator read full. The staff at the drop off demanded that he see the receipt and he was adamant. We said it was full and he could check the indicator. He said it doesn't work that way. My husband had misplaced the receipt but luckily he could find it after a thorough search of his pockets. PLEASE DO SAVE YOUR RECEIPTS else they'd charge you even if the its full tank!
