3	the date above the entry to this venerable studenty pub reads 1749. not only is that 260 years ago, it's also 27 years before the united states of america became a country. i imagined the countless generations of edinburgh university students blowing off the stresses of college life one pint a time at this timeless institution. the open air seating area is a simple yet perfect environment to meet and mingle over a pint or three. and that's exactly what was happening there. students and even some faculty showed up here during final exams week. stressed out students slowly but surely turned to smiling buzzing faces as the pints and worries were downed one after another.
4	it gets a four star cause it has the largest out door drinking area, full sun, in the city.i was going to add another star because ive been informed they are going to have free live music EVERY night of August.but then i take away a star for no table service and a bar which you will inevitably wait for several minutes at to get your drink.now that most of the undergrads are out of here, its just stressy msc and phd students, which is kind of  a gain a point situation, since they are not as visibly annoying as the young ins but also a lose a point situation since they (we) have two weeks left til dissertation submission deadline and are likely to be stressy shits.anyway, if you are here and it stops raining, not a bad place to check out- and close to the festival beer gardens (at least the uni one)
3	The Pear tree is a main target for student crowds as it is right next door to the central campus. Plus add an amazing outdoor area (smokers rejoice!) with picnic tables which is buzzing when the sun is out or if there is an outdoor sports screening. The atmosphere is set in the charming old building its in, and the warmness of the interior- a warmness which the bar staff sadly seem to lack but I would still come here with friends on a clear evening or for one of those lazy sunny afternoon pints!3 stars? well I've had several experiences where the staff were particularly unfriendly. Also, the bar although its position at first seems great(right in the centre of the room) on a busy night it makes it confusing as to where to order from. Last of all, until recently there was no food served here, and I have yet to sample it but friends comments have been a bit of a disappointed- something I will have to see for myself when the opportunity arises!
4	Officially my favourite beer garden in Edinburgh... if only there were more days sunny enough to sit in it!This place is right by the University, so it does attract a student-aged crowd, but the slightly higher prices than a lot of other pubs in the area also means The Peartree also draws in a range of young professionals and also University staff.It's easy to see why. The building is hundreds of years old and the interior, with the big open fireplace and cosy leather sofas still retains a lot of that character - great for relaxing on on cold days, especially with one of their amazing Bloody Marys!The staff are really friendly and know their stuff, I can't remember the name of the guy who made my Bloody Marys but that guy is my new favourite person in the world! They also have a good range of draught ales (I'm not a real ale drinker but I have it on very good authority that they pull a good pint!) and the house wine's not bad either - that much I can vouch for.But back to the beer garden... There must be at least a dozen big long tables outside in the original courtyard, and as it's walled you very quickly forget about the traffic outside, making it very easy to spend an entire summer's evening sipping Bulmers in the sun without even noticing.The only drawback is that they don't do food. They have a deal with the pub next door (The Blind Poet) and eat in in the Peartree, but that just seems like a lot of hassle to me.If you want a pub that's traditional, without being a stereotypical "old man's pub", for a few laid back drinks then this is where you should go.
4	When I first moved to Edinburgh, the word around the first year students was that The Peartree House was the best bar in the city.It wasnt until I was lucky enough to live opposite it a few years later that I really began to understand how true this statement was. Firstly, the beer garden is amazing - its huge, and being so close to the university, on the rare days where the sun comes out, you will be gauranteed to find the garden full of people enjoying the sun and just generally having a great time. In fact, that pretty much describes any day at The Peartree House. The pub itself is small, cosy and warm - the bar is in the centre, with squishy seats around it and tables and chairs in odd little nooks and crannies. The Peartree House really is one of the best places in Edinburgh, but truthfully its really expensive, and would cost a hell of a lot to drink there as a regular.
3	A student friendly outdoor drinking courtyard ensures the Peartree is often busy. Congregating around its outdoor wooden benches one sunny Saturday afternoon with chums, I took full advantage of the new BBQ food offered by the owner of 'Good to Go' (a deli I recently reviewed directly across the road).  Beer after beer, many a burger and sausage later I stumbled onto the cobbled streets of West Nicolson Street a content man and vowed to opt for the Peartree on another sunny weekend day.
3	I know a load of people massively rate The Peartree, and as soon as the sun comes out even slightly, the Facebook statuses and the texts start rolling in every five seconds with something along the lines of "Beers - Peartree??" Undoubtedly, this is a very good call, because in terms of a big outdoor beer garden party, The Peartree is pretty hard to beat. It wouldn't be my first port of call for indoor drinking, although I know the bar is very traditional and historic and all that, it's just a bit too much on that side of things for me.The crowd here is studenty, considering the proximity to Edinburgh University and the basic fact this is somewhere you can obtain alcohol, and it also gets super busy during festival time in August because of the nearby Spiegel Tent, Gilded Balloon and Udderbelly venues. Huge courtyard for drinking in the sunshine is all you really need to know, and good social banter all round.
5	The sun shines rarely in Edinburgh, but when it does, you should be drinking a pint at the Peartree.  Snakebite, ketchup crisps, and a flirtation with the bloke down the end of the bench = happiness.I miss you so, faire city.
4	A traditional, classic pub, which unfortunately due to the beer garden is wasted on pissed up students, The Peartree is nonetheless somewhat of an institiution in Edinburgh, especiall during the summer months and at the festival, where it's proximity to several venues ensures that arty wankers with stupid haircuts replace the freshers as the main bone of contention.Very good, but given that daytime drinking just puts me to sleep or leaves me with a headache later that night, not a frequent venue for me these days.
3	The Peartree House is a bar you will hear about endlessly. Near to George Sq Campus it is popular amongst students. As others have mentioned however it is also popular with local denizens, which is definitely a good sign.The exterior of the Peartree greets you with its old stone walls, in what I assume was some sort of stable or workshop. Inside the pub isn't quite as interesting, it's a traditional feel but nothing too remarkable. It's the outside courtyard that people seem to really enjoy about the Peartree. I agree its really nice to sit outside here on a (rare) sunny day. In the courtyard there is also a big screen which plays Sky sports. On big games it can really fill up (it was crazy during the world cup). Live bands also play on Sundays.A reasonable pub with the added novelty of a well used outside seating area that remains very popular (sometimes too popular) with students.
4	The Peartree is a magnet for students due to its cheaply cheerful booze and big beer garden outside. During the summer, it's popular with everyone for those reasons. Serving up some food, allowing you to eat food from certain cafe's within the confines and having a massive amount of space at their disposal, it's unlikely that you'll not be able to get a seat here.Inside the bar is as homely as tavern-type pubs can be, but with modern twists to appeal to the younger crowd. There has actually been a fair mix of people anytime I've had a drink in here with mates but that is usually in the middle of summer. It's popular with the students when September rolls around.I was in the other day and a small stage had appeared in the corner. I know that some Fringe events have taken place in here in the past but what's coming this year? Who knows!
4	I forget this place exists until a sunny day appears and it's always my first stop. It is more expensive than a lot of other pubs which means that day to day it isn't really an option for someone on a budget but in the sunshine this pub becomes the place to be. With a huge beer garden with loads of tables and the option to bring your own food it is kind of like having a fancy picnic!The Pear Tree is also the only place I know that serves my favourite cider (elderflower and lime) and my favourite crisps (Brannigans). So for the few occasions the sun comes out in Edinburgh this is my top choice of where to spend a boozy afternoon.
4	The Pear Tree is one of my favourite pubs in the summer. Its bear garden is always buzzing with activity, be it students or workers enjoying a pint in the evening sun! For the past couple of years, I have come here for end of term celebrations and to chill out in the blazing sun! Students, especially a lot of post graduates come to this place. Indeed, many younger students are put off by the staggering prices (some pints are priced at over four pounds!!!) The bar sells snacks but does not have a food menu. Inside the bar is quite cosy with group seating and arm chairs, so if it rains you don't have to get wet in the beer garden! If you're on a budget I would advise you to head somewhere else, however if you just want a few, go ahead, and enjoy it in Edinburgh's best bear garden!
4	Surprisingly expensive for a pub next to Edinburgh Uni campus, the Pear Tree nonetheless is a really good bar to go to. Inside it is quite traditional, with big comfy seats and sofas. It is great during the winter, when you can look out on the snow whilst supping one of their great hot toddies. In the summer though, it's best asset is revealed and that is the beer garden. With the exception of the Cumberland, it is the best beer garden in Edinburgh. It seems to attract the sunlight and there are always loads of people out there, giving it a good atmosphere. They also have  big screen TV showing most of the major sporting eventsThey have a good selection of beers and ciders too, including Crabbies and a good Elderflower cider. The bar staff are all friendly, but the pub is let down slightly by the fact it is quite a bit more expensive than others around, but you pay for the privilege of the garden, which is brilliant.
3	This is the go-to-place for pubbiness for loads of meetup-y sorts of things in & around Edinburgh University. It's fine-- quite a nice place to drink, actually.It lost a star, though, as it's got gassy only OK ales. Deuchar's and Caledonian 80/-It can't really be that hard to have cellared ales. Loads of people do it. It's just... disappointing.A bit on the spendy side, too. On the up side, it's got a nice big bar and you won't wait long to get served.
3	Is there something in the Scottish gene that makes us fry ourselves at the merest sign of the sun. If you're looking for a bench and a pint then this place is pretty good.  Better still if you keep a relatively low profile you can take in something to eat from the red noodle box across the way. Sadly, the options for eating in are limited to BBQ burgers with meat of questionable origin. If you play your cards right you can burn all day long here for the cost of a pint. Draft beers are pretty good with the usual suspects and Arran Blonde on draft to perk things up a bit.  Don't forget the aftersun!!
4	My friends drink here. Not in this universe, my friends actually think this place is too expensive, and kind of boring... but in an awesome parallel universe my real friends love it here. My ideal friend that will share in a love of pub quizzes microbrews and crossword puzzles with me hangs out here. My friend who finds beauty in the leather couches and big screen tv hangs out here. My friend who appreciates the Man-Caviness of it all hangs out here - all the time actually. My friend who doesn't like waiting 30 minutes to get a drink and needn't show the suppleness of her breasts to "get some f**king service around here" is a big fan of this place. My friend who knows about my freaky unnatural love of outdoor drinking arenas and either entertains it, or shares in it doesn't hang out anywhere but here. My friends who know that a night out should mean you get to dress down, not dress up hangs here. He mostly wears flannels and has a beard, or at least some stubble.My friend who appreciates the fine art of conversation that gets a little racy but because no one is taking shots never ends in an embarrassingly scandalous evening is there. My friend who goes to beer festivals because her boyfriend is a home brewer - yea, she hangs out here too. She even brought me a six-pack of Aidan's (that's his name) prizewinning home brew. It's a little bitter, but good. When I go into Pear Tree I see all of these potential friends. And I love them like they were actually my own.
3	Short review this one because the bar itself is quite small.1) AWESOME beer garden if its sunny - not too windy and you're able to get there before about 5-6 pm when the sun goes behind appleton tower. Then it can get VERY cold2) Outdoor heaters mean that some of the outdoor tables are nice all the time!3) Bar is small - square - old style. It's been around for a few hundred years and I imagine used to have a couple rooms but now there is just one - it usually has sport on. This is unacceptable in my book so loses marks here.4) Worst pub quiz ever - the guy was using like a kiddy toy microphone and was completely unintelligible even when he was stood next to you. This was a while ago and it might be different now!5) Beer - overpriced - not much choiceOverall - GREAT place to go hang on a sunny day - unfortunately the rest of the time I'd give it a miss.
3	I have mixed feelings about peartree. The huge beer garden is great, spacious and has a good atmosphere. It's well kept and the impressive ivy up the wall of the pub is a nice sight while knocking the froth off an ale. Anyone who ever has the privilege/shock of basking in some edinburgh sun must sample it. You'll have until about 6pm to top up your burn before the sun slips behind the tall uni building.On the flip side, it's expensive. An orange and soda will sting you over 3 quid and the guiness tastes like water. And on the 364 non-sunny days of the year you will be drinking inside, which is so so. Don't get me wrong, it's quite pleasant, but nothing special with no great draw. Often what i do is trick my body and mind into believing it's warm and sit outside shivering to get 'my money's worth'. Shivering is good.. Shivering is good..why has my head gone numb??? It's also a decent place to watch football, with adequate tvs, and very popular (often too popular) for big matches. However not my first choice due to the price and layout.So, for sun, outdoor jibber jabber, and nice surroundings this place is hard to top. For everything else, there is yelp!
3	The Peartree, fairly central standard old-style pub but with a difference; it has a huge beer garden!  Well, not so much garden, just rows and rows of picnic benches with a (Ivy?) bush growing up the building wall.  To tell you the truth, I wouldn't visit this pub unless it had said garden.  It's good for the summer time weekend lazing, sipping on a cider and watching some festival gigs on their mini stage in the corner.  Inside there is a big bar in the middle which means there is a nowhere for the bar tender to hide!  I had a red wine last time I was here, it was very warm (which is how I like my red wine, although maybe not everyones preferred temperature?) They keep their wine stock near the bar lights and it absorbs the heat, which is a nice touch, whether it was intentional or not! They have a big screen for games and a few comfy leather couches dotted around.  Toilets are basic and dated, but they serve their function.  Pretty small bar inside really but it's friendly and welcoming enough.
3	Student focused pub...Beer garden for the summer...Lots of drink specials.
3	times have been had hereOk, so I held off on my review here because I have mixed feelings, on one hand I think this is a good pub, with plenty to offer, including a warm welcome on a cold winter night, a good beer and whisky rang, and most importantly the best beer garden for miles. On the other hand, I feel like it's really just an average stinky carpet pub with disinterested staff and some dodgy clientele.To make my mind up I basically trawled through the numerous memories I have of visiting here, season to season, and realised I quite like it. It's not a 4 or 3 star, but a solid 3 star gaff. Let me share some of my best memories with you....Last January I gave up booze for a month, it was fine and I lost some weight and gained a wee six pack (didn't last long) and the first pint I had was a pint of Edinburgh Gold by our local beer masters Stewart Brewing. It was arguably the best pint of beer I have ever tasted, and it made me the happiest man on earth. That pint wasn't consumed here, but the following pints were and it was cold and wet outside, and I was happy to be drinking beer in the warmth of this cosy howf.About two years ago we had some really bad snow, I hadn't been in Edinburgh for long and had limited drinking partners, one of which never said 'no' to an after work beer. On this particular occasion we ended up at the ear tree, as I was trying to go home and he was like a lost dog following me so we stopped here for one last beer (it wasn't the last one). We went outside for a cigarette, and he was so drunk he started making snow angels on all of the garden benches, it was ridiculous. Summer before last we had sun, we didn't have much last summer, but the one before was good.  I always find the meadows a bit boring after a few hours, so the choice was home or Pear Tree, we went to the pear tree, and got a bench, we shared with some random Oz-balls who were drunk and funny, then I realised another friend was at the table next to me, so we ended up getting sunburnt in the sun listening to live music....Those are my stories
3	Great go to place for a beer garden in the summer but take my advice, the minute the sun goes get the hell out of there and go somewhere cleaner, nicer and where the bar staff actually welcome your custom!!!
3	There doesn't seem to be many beer gardens around Edinburgh and The Peartree has to be one of the biggest of them. It's good for this reason (and that's why I give it an extra star) but it's absolutely mobbed when it's actually sunny. I also think it's a bit expensive considering I think of it as a student bar. The inside is very dark and more resembles an old man pub which I normally like but not so much in this bar. I only go to this bar really if I'm meeting others here. It wouldn't be my first choice of bar as I don't think it holds any kind of great atmosphere.
2	The rare Scottish sun comes out and the Peartree is suddenly flooded with willing customers, who really don't mind the price gauge for the opportunity to sit outside...To be fair I get it, the problem is when it isn't sunny there are better and cheaper pubs in the area and when it is sunny the Peartree is so busy that the service tends to go down hill. Was it not for the lack of decent beer gardens in edinburgh (Three Sisters Blackbird and Beehive as some other examples decent or not) I doubt Peartree would get much repeat custom.I haven't every had a particularly bad night here, but on the other hand I have had many better nights elsewhere. In short accept it for what it is and it is ok but they make you pay for the use of that lovely courtyard...
1	I got chased away by a very rude manager as they don't allow dogs, or children anywhere in the beer garden or inside the place.Unfortunately we were silly enough to miss the sign at the entrance and proceeded to buy drinks - as one does in a pub.The manager rushed out and told us that we should leave immediately, we couldn't finish our drinks. We were called stupid for missing the sign at the entrance and were told that like most pubs in Edinburgh they don't allow dogs. Asking for the reason, he said that dogs are unhygienic and a health risk should they cut their feet on the ground. He also refused to give me his name but did mention that he was the manager.Whilst I have absolutely no issues with pubs that don't allow dogs, what I do have an issue with is an over zealous manager enforcing those rules draconianly.There are better pubs in Edinburgh which have a beer garden that would appreciate your custom, so I suggest you make your way around the corner to 56 North.
4	Free wifi is a theme of all my reviews, and they have it here. There is also a fire going, a coal fire. The bartender let me have a piece of coal yesterday because it was the first time I had ever seen coal. He was amused. I was told it might be radioactive, and I left it in a cafe I was in. In hind sight, I think at was not very nice. Anyway. You can also put on any music you want, and their music is pretty terrible. So I always hook up an iPod. They are chill about my writing group meeting here even if people only get soda water, though I have taken on an afternoon scotch habit. They can't do manhattans or old fashions, which is why I dock a star, because that's lame. Is this a bar or an alcohol stand at a fair?
3	Students love it here. Inside it is an 'old-mans pub' kinda feel and outside they have their strength - the massive beer garden. The pub itself is a little tired, flaky and the bar area is in need of sprucing up. But then again.. students love it here.They have nice little alcoves to sit at and especially in the summer months (i.e. any day over 15C and sunny in Scotland) their beer garden is packed. Do I recommend going here? Nah.. not when you have a little more disposable income. If however you like being jagerbombed by students then this is the place for you.
4	On a warm day in Edinburgh, there may be no better spot to be.The Parttree is two parts. The first, a giant outdoor beer garden (which is really more of a stone patio but still, massive). Picnic tables, people cooking meats, a stage for live music and sometimes a giant screen for things like giant games. Grab a cheap drink, sit out there with friends, have the best time ever. Inside, it's a different story. It's clearly an old man's pub and not with any of the fun or liveliness of outside. I'm not sure I'd stop in here if it was raining or cold as there are other bars in the area I think I'd prefer.Still, for that outdoor space alone, what a win.
4	Popped in the pub last night with a couple of friends. Thought it would be more a young person pub since it's close to the university but there was no distinct age group in the pub. Got a Scottish light beer and it was good considering I'm not much of a beer person. Overall, it was a good experience and if I'm back in Edinburgh, I would visit again.
