1	A generous 1.5 stars unfortunately.  The service was good.  The atmosphere was very basic but I don't mind that.The food was just ok and the place had an odd smell that really impacted everything.  If I may depart from plainspoken English for a moment;  olfaction is such an integral part of a gustatory experience that any meal can be significantly negatively impacted by the presence of unpleasant aromas in the environment.As I was eating my eggs, bacon, potatoes and toast and being negatively impacted by the smells around me it occured to me that they are next to an animal hospital and I ate at another restaurant once that was similarly situated and I encountered a similar problem.Hence, note to self:  in the future, take a pass on any restaurant in proximity to an animal hospital.
5	Visit #1: I ate here for breakfast and immediately felt welcomed and at home by the staff. I ordered the french toast and a scrambled egg on the side. At first I was alarmed by what I considered to be "small" portions. I was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was! Everything was just right and I left satisfied and not stuffed.Visit #2: I ate here on a Friday night when they offer 2 specials - Prime Rib and Fried Catfish. I had the prime rib and my fiance had the catfish. You get prime rib, a baked potato, veggies, and a slice of bread for $12.99. Just like my breakfast experience everything was excellent! The waitress was very nice and took good care of us. Chef Willie even came out to check on us and say hello. I got a slice of white chocolate strawberry swirl cheesecake - YUM. It made me think of the Cheesecake Factory but better. Again the portions were the right size so I didn't feel stuffed when I left.Go down to the B & G Cafe for some wonderful food and great hospitality. Important lesson learned is you don't need a large quantity of food when Chef Willie prepares QUALITY food.
5	Do yourself a favor and stop in for prime rib and catfish fridays all made fresh and off the charts on flavor.
3	Pretty good food somewhat smaller portions (probably what we should be eating). My son & I both ordered the bacon & cheddar omlette with hash browns extra crispy, his hb's were slightly burned but the omlette was pretty tasty. Luckily they were on special that day 5.99 cause the bill was still 17 plus 3 for a tip. I just hate paying $20 bucks for breakfast unless it just knocks my socks off!! I might go back cause the service was so good!
1	This place is ridiculous!!!Service is extremely slow and unprofessional. I was with 2 friends, when their food came out (already very late), the waitress looked at me and realized that my food wasn't even prepared yet... 20 minutes later i get most of my meal, but the eggs were so undercooked i couldn't eat them... I also never got my toast... we ordered chocolate milk, but instead we received milk with a few drops of Hershey syrup, it was not good... I will NEVER go back here again... EVER!!!!Avoid this place by all means!!!!!
1	This place is a JOKE!  $33 for breakfast?? WHAT? Ok, I went with my two kids, I had chicken fried steak and my son had 1/2 sandwich and soup, we all had hot chocolate (which she charged me $2 extra for on my bill) and my younger son had a side of mash potatoes.  $33 for that?  The side of mashed potatoes was so small and my sons sandwich looked like something I'd pack for his lunch at school, actually it was smaller than what I'd pack, it was tiny.  The homemade soup was nasty and the hot chocolate was hot water and package mix, we saw her making it.  The service was just ok but here's the kicker....ready?  This place charged me .90 extra to SCRAMBLE my eggs!!!!!!!!  Yes, that is right, I was charged extra for the cook (and believe me, my taste buds are telling me there is no chef back there) to mix up the eggs.  Did the waitress tell me that I'd be charged extra for that?  Nooooo.  Did I ever imagine that I could be charged extra for that?  Nooooo.  When I paid I said to the girl "$33 is way to expensive for what we had guys, way too much money.  I'll pay it but I won't be back."  And the waitress said "it's the hot chocolate."  She was smug about it.  I wished I wouldn't have left 20% on the table for her after that but I imagine they probably only get first timers in there so she would need the money.  The owner didn't seem to care.  No, "I'm sorry we disappointed you" nothing.  I wanted to give my business to the little guy instead of the Ihop I was on my way to but it was a mistake.  I don't know how this place survives.  I didn't even want to give it the one star I'm required to give.Do yourself a favor and stay away from this place!
5	Stopped in for breakfast on a Tuesday. Regina the owner greeted us with a smile. I ordered chicken and waffles and my buddy had biscuits and gravy. They were both awesome. Regina's partner chatted with us about college football for a while. I would def go back. Food was great and the atmosphere was excellent.
5	My wife and I just had breakfast / lunch there and it was awesome. I had the fried chicken and waffles and she the the soul food lunch. The chicken was done perfectly and I added a touch of their homemade hot sauce which is great. Will definitely be going back.
4	A very friendly waitress greeted us immediately and was attentive throughout our meal. I had one of the best chicken and waffle dishes I've had in Arizona here. The biscuits and gravy also come recommended as a second best dish. Sure, it's not the fanciest place in town but anyone that has breakfast in Gilbert knows how terrible the waits can get on Saturday mornings. I was amazed to walk right in and have our choice on tables without a line. Bottom line: great soul/comfort food and friendly people.
4	Exactly what you would expect. Soul food, biscuits & gravy, and chicken & waffles plastered on the front windows. My biscuits and gravy were good. I also had the pleasure of tasting the fried chicken that came with the chicken and waffles. Damn good fried chicken made to order. The waitress was extremely friendly and attentive. I would come back for sure.
1	7/22/12I always have to try little hole in the wall places. Most times it works out. Not this time!!!Very unappealing. Bacon was cheap and very small portion. Eggs over medium average. And biscuits and gravy poor. They did not have any flavor and gravy was watered down.Pricey for the poor quality. They also did not offer Egg Beaters which is what my companion was looking for.  So she had to settle for a burger that was average at best. Oh well, off to the next hole in the wall.
1	My recommendation is to avoid this place. Here is my experience. The Good: I really enjoyed the atmosphere in this place. Old movie posters, natural wood etc. Small town joint feel. The fried Chicken. Ok, that's the good. The Not So Good: After placing our order I took a good look around and saw there was 2 other groups (1 family of 3 and 2 guys) besides us. The dad of the family had his coffee cup on his head trying to get the waitress' attention and shortly after finishing my coffee i understood his method. Very slow service, and a lack of attention by the staff. This was the experience the entire time. I ordered Scrambled Eggs, Bacon, Hash Browns, and Wheat toast. My friend ordered a biscuit and Chicken and Waffles. The Eggs were runny, the bacon and hash browns were room temperature when they got to me. The toast had been sitting out so long it tasted stale with the butter soaked completely through the bread. There was no evidence of toasting on the bread at all. Very dissatisfying, and completely disappointing. My Friend said the chicken was great, but when i asked about the waffles he had me take a closer look. The Waffles are EGGO waffles. Not cooked fresh. Eggo waffles. Its baffling to me why you would list this as a special when its chicken wings thrown on eggo waffles. Eggo. Seriously. Don't plaster CHICKEN AND WAFFLES on the front of the window when you can't make any of it from scratch.
1	Call Restaurant Impossible now! Ordered chicken and waffles. I received eggos and chicken wings.
5	Chicken and Waffles to die for. The food takes a while to come out but it's cooked to order and well worth the wait.
5	Great hole in the wall place! Best chicken & waffles I've ever had...better than LoLo's in Phx! If you like breakfast soul food, gotta give this place a try.
