5	I used to frequent Skyvue years ago but it fell on hard times and closed. So I was pleased to see it reopen. A group of 8 visited on a Friday might. Service was excellent and the menu was diverse enough that everyone found something of interest. It is nice to see a local restaurant come back from the dead.
5	Great food and good friendly service. Reasonable prices. Good eats!
3	This place ok. Good food at a good price. Nothing special. The one thing that did always bug me about this place it won a best of reads award from the local paper when it was reopened like one week. Huh??? Looks like that award was bought and paid for.  For those of you unfamiliar the place was open a long time ago but closed and sat empty for yrs. Someone bought it fixed it up and reopened.
5	We were spending the week in West Mifflin and Skyvue was recommended by our hotel. We ended up eating there every night. The food,service,drinks and price were all fantastic. It was very clean and they treated you like family. Loved the fish sandwich, salmon and the GB margaritas!
5	Wow! I have not been here in years! What a fabulous place!  The new ownership really does a great job. The food was delicious!  The chef and staff are great. Love the updated atmospher. What a step up! Bravo!  If you are anywhere near West Miffln you need to be here. Star was a delightful waitress. Everyone was professional, well informed and friendly! We will be back with friends!  Yum!
2	The food is decent but the bar service sucks. I've been here for 20 minutes and still appetizer. It was the same way last time I stopped.
2	Darren had been dying to come here for some reason. It's near the Wal-Mart we go to, so I said why not? lol. The decor inside is neat and centered around airplanes since it's near an airport. The service was off, though, and the food wasn't that great. The Parmesan Crusted Artichoke Hearts were really good, but things went downhill from there. The Chicken Cordon Bleu was bland and rubbery. Dessert was a flavorless chocolate cake. Some people walked out while we were dining since the hostess wasn't around to seat them. Heh.
5	Stopped in for lunch after a soccer game. Not being from the area, we checked the yelp ap and this great little place popped up. We were seated in the bar because of a private party, and ended up having a great time. The staff was warm and friendly. The food was incredible. The owner came over several times and chatted up our son, she even gave him a Halloween swag bag.The french onion soup was really good. A good slab of bread covered in lots of gooey cheese with a rich beef broth. The wedding soup had plenty of meatballs, that were really really good. Our son had a bacon cheeseburger, perfectly cooked with crisp bacon. The chicken quesadilla is large enough to share and filled edge to edge with well seasoned chicken and peppers. The crab stuffed mushroom had a lot of lump crab and very little filler.Our drinks were always full, and plates cleared promptly. The food was reasonably priced, and not over salted. The restaurant is spotless. The other patrons were really friendly, and everyone chatted back and forth. It was a nice place to hang out for a while. Wish we lived closer, but we usually have 4 or 5 games a year in the area, so we'll definitely be back
4	Total surprise... Was staying in the area and was recommended by the hotel staff. Really nice wait staff, and had a really good meal (pasta angel hair diablo chicken) with a Caesar salad.. Fair prices as well. Good stuff
5	Pleasantly surprised to say the least. Looked dismal from the outside but the food is excellent. Sword fish is grilled perfectly. I firmly recommend.
4	This place is really good. First, the atmosphere inside is very nice. It's right across from the Allegheny County Airport, so of course the place has model airplanes, airplane pictures, and  other neat stuff like that tactfully place throughout.The food is worth the visit. I had a steak, garlic potatoes, and veggies...cooked to perfection. My wife had chicken parm which she liked a lot (it wasn't Jioio's, but very tasty).Try this place. Yinz will love it!
1	From the beginning dealing with this place was a disaster however, being as though we had booked it for a bridal shower, sent out invites & the whole 9 yards we decided to stick it out. Before I knock the customer service & the "planner" (hardly) Debbi  morrow I will say the food was excellent & the place is updated & clean. The food & the atmosphere will not be enough to make me come back. Debbi had repeatedly not returned phone calls, everyone working there gave different information regarding questions about seating, how food would be served, linens, You name it. I won't even begin to say what a disaster the shower was & the how the "planner" sat at the bar the whole time with her husband or whoever the other owner is. Debbi, you ruined our experience & made a joke of your restaurant when they heard you screaming from the bar area. Needless to say I will never, ever come back & I'm sure I can speak for the other shower guests when I say they won't either. Maybe this place needs to rethink there "planning" staff.
5	Five stars because for what this place is it's perfect. No, the steak isn't like Ruth's Cris, but it's priced fairly and the beer taps are cold. Nice people and clean too. Come here get a big pasta dish or a steak and a beer and be happy. Neighborhood restaurant and bar with warm and welcoming staff. Sit at the bar and be a local if only for a night. Our hotel recommended Skyvue and glad they did. Not pretentious or stuffy. Just good and reliable. Perfect place to take refuge from the cold winds and rain.
4	Quiet semi-formal place for a good meal.
