2	KFC. What I thought was always a dependable source of decent, quick and tasty fried chicken has lost some of its pull when they decided to offer the grilled chicken alternative. I can understand in a business stand-point on why they started to offer the grilled selection. I don't see how they are actually cooking the chicken itself and if it is truly grilled as they claim. When I bit into one of these "grilled" chickens, it was almost the texture of a rubber tire and as greasy as their fried counter-parts. The portion was quite small and the taste was far from anything grilled that I have tasted before. It did have some fake grill lines as to promote that they are actually grilled. I beg to differ.I remember when they used to serve a roasted chicken selection which was a huge favorite for myself and some of my friends, however, they discontinued it a long time ago and never brought it back. I really miss it. So what is KFC doing exactly? I have no clue. The executive team probably thought it was a brilliant idea to bring grilled chicken to compete with El Pollo Loco or some other similar grilled chicken joint. They need to stick to what they know best and continue to make a good product. KFC also seemed to have modernized their stores a bit. I find it a little odd, but ok I will take it. As for a fried chicken fast food joint, KFC still takes the cake as far as taste goes. I just hope they don't make stupid blunders like this whole marketing campaign to try their rubbery, tasteless, heaping pile of crap they decided was their "hot" new product.
1	As I pulled in, I see two employees smoking out back. I walked into the restaurant, there are two more employees eating at a table. One of the smokers ran in to take my order. After my order was taken, the other smoker came in to help fix my order. Neither washed their hands. The two employees in the dining room just sat and stuffed their face while making a complete mess. All of this happened at 11:45. You would think thy lunch time would be the time to see employees at their best. If this is their best, I would hate to see what happens when they're not taking their job seriously. I will not return to this location, EVER!The down side to this review; the food was good and fresh.
4	OK so its a KFC, fast food should be judged and compared to its peers. That being said no it is not Popeye's bit to quote Oscar Madison, played by the late great Jack Klugman. "I like that man I trust his face." There is something very American about a cat working in a gas station and saying, hey let's sell the hell out of some fried chicken. And sell they did. Yes they need to work on the sides, would french fries kill you, and what the devil happened to the the Colonels Greens? Still it doesn't matter if you like Original Recipe or Extra Crispy we can all agree that KFC is a classic. Now I want some chicken, curse you KFC for being so close to my house! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	Food was mediocre as was expected, however after eating and getting a refill of my drink I found that my cup was full of ants. Never eating here again.
2	Now I love KFC in general, their original recipe & their crispy strips. Every time I go to this particular location close to my house, it's filthy, all the tables are dirty, the employees don't seem to care about anything. My biggest complaint is, now this is the second time this has happened to me at this location, I order a 12 piece crispy strip meal. I get home and there are 8 crispy strips and 4 boneless chicken with some breading that's spicy & my kids won't touch. Did they run out of crispy strips & just threw those in there knowing I wouldn't find out until I got home? If I wanted boneless chicken then  would have ordered it. From now on I will be going to the KFC on Silverado Ranch & Maryland Pkwy. The place is immaculate & the employees are efficient.
3	Basic KFC with a basic drive thru. Service was standard and food was standard as well. Nothing particularly notable about this location and I have no problem stopping by when I'm in the neighborhood next time I'm in the mood for a quick bite.
2	Be very careful since there seem to be a few aggressive people by the doors outside, asking for your food as you are leaving. The management should be aware this is a major problem when the begger is large and assertive.
1	I went to this location today.    I spotted 2 major problems with this location.     I ordered an 8 piece family meal, with 2 sides.    I paid for my order,  when I looked over the bill,  I saw a .39 charge.  When inquired about it,  I was told by the lady behind the counter that is a SERVICE CHARGE for using a DEBT CARD.   I told her my card was a VISA / DEBT card.   she continues and say's when the card is swiped the machine automatically takes these types of cards as DEBT cards.  I told her that is because you didn't press the correct button on the POS system to take the charge as as CREDIT charge.    She said NO she CANNOT CHANGE IT BECAUSE THE CARD SCANNER READS IT AUTOMATICALLY, and she cannot change it.      I never in my life heard of this.   After writing this review I will be writing to the KFC franchise and address this issue.      My 2nd problem MY ORDER WAS WRONG.     No manager on duty.     Go to a different KFC,  and watch your wallet with this rip off location.
