4	I have never set foot in this particulcar location but at work we order over the phone and someone picks it up (it was never me) . First off the girl that I always talk to over the phone has always been very helpful!!! She even told me about items that are not online that they sell , here are a few of the items: Mochiko Chicken, Spicy Beef, Spicy Chicken, Lumpia (Spring Rolls),Malasadas, Malasadas cream filled,Bento Box -a little of everything and if I remember more I'll just add it. The food is always good and satisfying. The Barbecue Beef and Garlic Shrimp are winners, I just wish there was an veggie (Salad?) option other than just Mac salad!!!  I really like the spring rolls- Ground pork, carrots, cabbage, & clear noodles-YUM!! We will continue to order food from here...
4	It's simple, it's quick. It's rice .and I'm Asian...and uh, I kinda need rice everyday.  I would say it can be 3 stars-ok or 4 stars-good depending on what you order. I would say my favorite item would be the katsu, but to mix it up I think their BBQ plates are decent. Classic dishes like Loco Moco, Lau Lau, Kalua-  I've gotten and it's okay, but other spots I think do it better and are my go-to spots. If anyone is looking for homemade butter mochi or malasadas (plain or custard) , they offer them at this location and I haven't noticed them at the other locations about town. I havent gotten the malasadas, but the butter mochi was pretty decent.
4	Although they were closing up, they were nice enough to let us stay and eat.  They have the best macaroni salad in Las Vegas.  Big portions and great service.
4	Great little stop for Hawaiian food. I love how fast everything is, despite it not being as local as other local eateries.  It still has that flavor, but it's changed since my first time there.  Still, good food.
4	***I must say again that the lady on the phone is so nice and accommodating.***I enjoy the Mochico chicken here more than at other places I've tried it at. They now have fried wontons which is basically the filling in the eggroll (clear noodles,little bits of ground pork,minced veggies and lots of black pepper) filled into wontons and then fried. Yummers!!!!My friend tried the siopao (stuffed steamed bun) and she liked it. I asked if they could put egg into my portuguese sausage musubi and they did and it was so freakin good dipped into sriracha sauce-Yeah Baby....The last time we ordered for pick-up they forgot to put our butter mochi in our order but when we ordered again she remembered on her own that she forgot to put it in the last time and gave it to us. The butter mochi is a yummy sweet snack. Like my friend said it tastes like a cross between mochi and poundcake. They now have smoothies- the lady said it's juice,ice cream & crushed ice. So I got the Papaya smoothie and honestly I didn't like it too much. It was a bit tangy and I normally like tangy but I prefer my smoothies to be more on the sweet side but I'll try Mango next time.We will never stop ordering from here....
4	If you're hungry for Hawaiian this is your place. The BBQ plates are always hot, fresh and flavorful. The chicken Katsu is bountiful, with such a large amount of chicken it can feed two people easily. The egg rolls are usually fresh and crispy as well as the wontons. I like to call ahead and order and the food is usually ready in 15 minutes or less. The staff are super friendly too!
5	I love the food they serve. The staff were very good and helpful. I love the chicken Katsu and I always get it.
3	L and L Hawaiian Barbecue brought from Hawaii to Las Vegas still maintains it's large menu selection, and genuine Hawaiian tastes.  They definitely did a favor to local Hawaiians living in Vegas, by adding malasadas, butter mochi and other special items.  L and L, also has a great health conscious menu. Service is quick, food is fresh and the price comparable to other Hawaiian take-out restaurants--the only setback is the measured two scoops of rice, for the amount of meat portons.  It was a pleasant surprise to, observe and listen to the live Hawaiian entertainment at the Centennial, L and L.  Kudo's to L and L, just don't measure the rice portions, pour it on!
4	Okay, I'm from Hawaii & I know you want my opinion on L & L.... This location L & L's is my favorite in Vegas. Yes, they have almost the same menu as in Hawaii. Now for a not so good news... I don't think any L & L's has Kanaka's or even Kama 'Aina's working for them, here in Vegas. While the staff is very friendly & the food is hot, for the most part, none of the staff has ever had a real plate lunch from Rainbow Drive-In, in Honolulu.The main menu is very good. My favorites being the Laulau & BBQ Beef or Chicken plates. I love the Butter Mochi. Everything else is pretty good also. I will say some of the Asian items, you would be better off getting from a real Asian restaurant, like the egg rolls. The Madasada's are frozen, not made from scratch, but not bad. Another thing, the Ahi Poke, isn't even close to being Hawaiian, but I guess it would be too much to expect it to be made with Kukui nut oil & Hawaiian Limu. Still, overall a very good place for me to eat & day dream about being back home in Hawaii. This is as close as it gets to a real Hawaiian Fast Food Restaurant, without driving into Downtown to go to Aloha Specialties, in the California Hotel.
3	Ate at this location recently and a handful of times last year. This place is just okay for me.  I actually prefer Hawaiian BBQ by my house.  But when in this area and in the mood for Hawaiian, then this hits the spot. I give this place 4 stars because the food is what I expect each time and the service is always good.-Katsu:  Actually had a bad experience with their Katsu last year, but don't think it was their fault. Hiked Mt. Charleston in the middle of summer.  Ate here immediately after and got sick. But think it was more from dehydration.-Spam Masubi:  Fresh, tightly wrapped, and pretty good.  -Loco Moco w/Brown Rice:  My go to order.  Tons of protein and fills me up for at least 2 hours. TIP:  If ordering brown rice, it can take a little extra time.
3	The kalua pork is good but I think the Hawaiian ministry at my church can make better food. My aunt his Hawaiian too so I know what good Hawaiian food is... But then again family cookin' is always better!  So its hard to tell if its good when I'm comparing it to the cooking of my Hawaiian fam. However, the place also has a weird smell.... Which definitely takes away much of the enjoyment
3	L & L Hawaiian BBQ gave me a great opportunity to try some new dishes in one inexpensive combination box. I had no clue what I wanted and the cashier offered up a combination of Chicken Katsu, BBQ Beef, BBQ Chicken, and Fried Mahi Mahi which peaked my interest. Not everything was amazing but there were enough high points to lead to a three star rating. Unfortunately the Mahi was a miss as something seemed off about it. The katsu was up there with my Las Vegas favorites and the other dishes were tasty. Can't wait to go back and try other menu items and hopefully raise my rating.
2	- "The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results". How this relates to me is that I keep looking for good Hawaiian food here on the mainland only to endure disappointment after disappointment. My visit to this L&L was no exception. The staff, while really nice, probably has never stepped foot on the islands. She didn't know what a malasadas was nor heard of fried saimin. I had asked if the cooks knew how to make it. I guess they didn't know how to prepare the BBQ beef as well because it was a little too well done. The lau lau needed more salt too. The highlight for me was the macaroni salad. However, I tend to love most things that try to kill me from the inside out. Maybe it was a bad day for the cooks as I've had better. At even other L&L locations.
4	I'm from O'ahu, Hawaii. I'll just say its nothing like Hawaii food but it does the job . They give military personnel free drinks so that's a plus! The service is awesome prompt, courteous and very short wait times.
3	I love Hawaiian food. I like the food from L&L. But I always have such varied experiences. Sometimes the food is excellent. Top notch 5 star worthy 100%. Other times, like tonight, it was just average. I ordered a chicken katsu curry bowl. It was a first for me and it combines two of my favorite foods, curry and katsu. I had high hopes for it. But the katsu was over saturated from the curry sauce and no longer brilliantly crispy.  That same curry sauce was more like a gravy with a hint of curry spice. I would have prefered something listed as  curry to taste as such. If it was to be just a sauce it would have been good. The vegetables in the bowl were soggy and over steamed. The rice was not bad but some more of the so-called curry sauce would have been a nice touch to the otherwise plain grains. The other part of my meal, my typical order of Spam musubi, was superb. The nori was tender. The Spam was just the right thickness. There was a perfect amount of teriyaki sauce. And the rice held together as it was the perfect stickiness. I will continue eating here. I will continue to order Spam musubi from here but I shall not order the katsu curry bowl again.
2	Ordered to-go with my family. We were going to eat here but it was hot inside. AC must have been broken or something. Anyways, haven't eaten here in awhile since my family likes Aloha Kitchen better but L&L was closer today. I ordered a simple breakfast plate: Portuguese sausage with eggs & rice. Simple. Didnt taste bad & didnt taste super good. My boyfriend got the Loco moco. He said it tasted good but how can you mess up a pattie with gravy & egg? My mom ordered the short ribs which were BURNT. Ew. It was mostly fat with no meat anyways. So that was a waste of a meal that my mom didnt eat. Won't be back. I'd rather drive the extra 15 mins for some good Hawiian food.
1	We've been eating here since they opened and sometimes it's hit or miss. Mostly pretty good...but...Today it was a real miss - don't know who they have cooking but the Chix Katsu was way over done, the Teri Beef and Teri Chix was sooo dry and chewy...unreal kine dry...The Mac Salad is usually pretty ono, but today for some reason pretty shittty.There's a new one on Buffalo and West Lake Mead, same owner as the one up on West Charleston by Costco. Ate there twice and it seems they know how to prepare the food a little better.
3	Ok, I was in the mood for some hawaiian food and this was a place close to where I live. The lau lau was what I was craving and at least they do this right. Customer service sucks, the female cashier has an attitude and at the end of our meal my friend and I wanted some bags to takehome our leftovers so the oil wouldn't dirty the car. Waited a couple minutes and nobody came, the chef saw me and didn't say anything, finally, I just got the bags myself. Seriously, where's the aloha spirit?
3	Really yummy macaroni salad, but very heart clogging. But who cares? It's awesome!Before being a veggie I would get the BBQ here, which changed into the breaded fish, and now I just devour the mac.The prices are awesome for the amount of food you get, and you get a lot! The mac the rice and the meat/fish with a drink for under 10$! Whootness.
4	This is definitely my one out of two go-to L&L places after I'm done shopping around the area. They're not always consistent, so that's why I had to deduct one point from them.Anyway, FOOD! I always order their regular chicken katsu. It comes with two scoops of rice, A LOT of chicken katsu, two cups of sauce, and a scoop of macaroni salad. Portion of rice is a little small, but I don't eat much rice anyway -- It may be a problem to some people, but not to me. They put a bunch of chicken katsu in the box. I swear, I never ever finish it. I wish they would add more sauce in those cups cos sometimes they're only filled 1/3 of the way :( Macaroni salad is always so good for the tummy and bad for the heart, haha.Their service is okay. Some days I get a cashier person who is nice and actually SMILES and some days they're just grumpy and frowny. I'm actually BIG on people who smile. I love it when people SMILE. If your'e friendly and at least pretend to love your job, I will tip. If not, then well.. you get the hint. I would come back. There's this push & pull relationship that I have with L&L, so I'll definitely be back here for more of my favorite chicken katsu!
4	Stopped in to grab a bite after Christmas shopping. We got it to go and it was all still hot and/or fresh when we go it home. The portion sizes are generous too. I got the Katsu Chicken with all mac and no rice. I was given a good helping of mac in addition to the good helping of chicken. It was a quick in and out. The chicken was flavorful and tender. The sauce was tasty and plentiful. L and L was as good as any other Hawaiian BBQ I've had in the area. I will definitely be back. The only drawback here is that they don't have Crab Rangoon. Three and a half stars for the missing Rangoon. No half star ratings, but good enough to round up.
3	First time there. Will be last. Kailua pork was boring, no flavor at all just a mound of dry pork on top of rice.  The rice was great! The macaroni salad was good. Katsu had been sitting a while. The chicken was brown and dry. The bbq beef was very good. Not good enough to go back though.
5	I am absolutely addicted to this place, the Spicy chicken and the spicy beef are so good I find myself craving it frequently!  Ahhh! Yum!
4	This place is the bomb!  Food portions are huge and the quality is consistent... Recommend the mixed plate or Katsu/Teri beef combo with Mac salad!  I wonder sometimes if the owner is a local or just bought the franchise... But so far food is good representation of what you get in Hawaii.
5	The place is easy to get to and has great prices, you won't leave here hungry. The bento is the way to go I you are hungry, they offer lunch specials (free drinks) for workers in the area, the malasada is the bomb for a dessert. The staff is friendly and prices are ok for the amount of food you get
2	Saimin is one of the basics on a Hawaiian menu...you'd think it'd be easy to hit the mark but, alas, no. No moa flavor. Hell no moa even fish cake and den! They don't have veggies 'cause "vegetables are expensive." For how much they charge I'd expect it to at least have taste! Oh how I miss Zippy's saimin. I'll have to stick with California Hotel for my saimin fixes. Honestly I usually come here for a quick kalbi fix...I never have issues with my kalbi or katsu...THANK GOD! On a side note, when you can tell someone is from Hawaii, talking small kine pidgin...small kine talk back, lol.
3	I was driving around with my friend Andy looking for a quick bite to eat. Andy told me he never ate Hawaiian food and pointed out L&L. I like Hawaiian food so I decided to give it a try. We both had Loco Mocco and Chicken Katsu. The service was fast the cashier was on top of her game. The food only took about 10 minutes to get to my table. The Loco Mocco was cooked great the eggs were done perfect and the mac salad was great. The rice was disappointing. It tasted a little old. It was forsure not fresh. The gravy was bold and had a nice smokey flavor. The Chicken Katsu was good. Nothing real special. Tasted at times a little over cooked. The dining area was clean and very cold. The air conditioner must have been on high. I really enjoyed that. Overall the experience was good.
4	Feeling a little home sick for Hawaii, I decided to dine with my hubby at L & L located at the centennial shopping center. As we walked in, the smells of teri chicken took me back.  They had music in the background , which was Keahiwai singing Push.Then, the Hawaii themed counter hits ya with all the local fav combos on the menu.  The Korean lady cashier was very friendly and quickly took our order.  Before we knew it we had our plate dinners.  I ordered the Kalua pork with cabbage and teri beef and my hubby ordered the curry chicken katsu.  For dine-in guests, there is refill drinks.  The combos came with, one scoop rice and mac salad.  The mac salad was in a small plastic container, not like in Hawaii, which is placed next to the rice.My combo was tasty, but the strips of meat were too big, and the cabbage was not sliced thin enough.  My hubby's combo was tasty too. The curry chicken katsu had a good tang and too spicy.  The portions of food were plenty in both combo plates.  I tried their  and it was kimchee good but the cabbage slices were too big. It was nice having familiar food like on the islands.  Overall all, I liked the food and the prices.  I would definitely return to this location for a quick bite.
1	I went to eat here today for my one hour lunch and the cashier guy was SO RUDE. First he got our order incorrect and instead of egg rolls he gave me some coconut pudding. I asked him if he could refund us the money and he said "what am i gonna give you for 0.98 cents?" I then said can I substitute it for anything he then said again "for 0.98 cents really?, He then gave it to me. I told him that he needed to reevaluate his customer  service skills because he was not courteous. He then told me " Its not my fault that you guys don't speak up and I didn't give you forks because you took the tray before so that's your fault!" I WILL NEVER GO BACK AND I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE ! HE DID NOT WANT TO GIVE ME HIS NAME THEREFOR HE HAS BEEN RUDE TO OTHER PEOPLE BEFORE!
3	Your island cravings available for a pretty penny.L&L Hawaiian BBQ is a signature name here in Las Vegas, Hawaii and the west coast. I was first introduced to it after a day of shopping with some friends when I first arrived here and my initial experience was great! I've come to realize that it was my excitement at the idea that I could order Spam Musubi, Saimen, and Poki anytime I felt like it.Over the years, however, I've come to realize that you pay a pretty penny for a lot of average food. Again, this franchise is well know (and widely available) across Las Vegas with some pretty aggressive competition from other smaller, family owned Hawaiian BBQ location. The food is acceptable at most locations but sometimes you'll pay for a hearty alan of fat and not enough rice to accommodate it.In all honesty, I enjoy the occasional visit to this rather "homey" location. The service is quick and the food is made to order (with the exception of the cold dishes and rice). Plates and single orders are available as well as party platters and "to-go" orders. Call to order is available but don't be upset if the operator taking your order is slightly rude... He or she is also manning the orders and payments at the location. So, overall, I gave three stars based on the price and the not-so-consistent outcome of some of their menu items.Still an amazing taste of home for those Local Boys and Girls missing the islands. And if you're looking for something new, Hawaiian BBQ has a little of everything for everyone!
2	Meh. I was craving Hawaiian food and came here for dinner tonight to satisfy my craving. Immediately upon entering the store the woman working the cash register said "to go?" She didn't say hi or anything and when we told her for here she said "we close at 9" Ok great it's 8:23 that means I have 37 minutes to eat. Now I would understand if it was 853 but come on. I've been to other restaurants that have served customers up until the last minutes of closing. I understand you want to go home but your business is open until 9 so that means I should be able to get food until then. I'm not that person who goes into a restaurant 5 minutes before close anyway and I thought 823 was a reasonable time to eat considering I just got off work at 7.Anyways I ordered the loco moco plate which I've never had, and the bf ordered the bbq chicken plate. The loco moco was disappointing. The burger meat was not seasoned and the gravy was bland. The only thing I enjoyed was the mac salad I could just order that and be happy. The bbq chicken was just ok it's teriyaki chicken basically. I probably would go back because I love the curry chicken katsu and the bbq chicken saimin, but I'll get my order to go next time.
3	You get lots of food and they are always friendly so you can't go wrong with either of those things! However the food is just okay. I have had better and I much prefer Aloha Hawaiian BBQ, and of course that is a matter of opinion. However the macaroni salad here is always great!
4	Had the Katsu Chicken Curry and got a Musbi... that is a LOT of food!  With the tea it was a little over $10 and believe me I was stuffed. It came with rice and the macaroni salad. The curry was awesome flavor and smothered the Katsu Chicken just right. This is definitely casual, sandal-wearing comfort food.  Lots of peepz going in and out with take out Musubi orders... they have several different kinds here.
4	Soon as you walk in you are hit with the lovely island music and a smiling face!  I ordered the Chicken Katsu. Super yummy. Chicken was nice and crunchy but not dry. I am in love with their macaroni salad.You definitely get your money's worth when it comes to their portions. Whenever I eat here it usually takes two days to finish a plate of food. I'm a foodie and usually order to mac salads so I can eat the other one the following day. When I went in today they had free 2015 calendars. Pretty sweet!
5	Friendly and delicious. I'm a mad I didn't come here before !!!!!  I found my new fat boy spot. :)
