5	Absolutely the best!!!  Not from Pittsburgh.  Was there on vacation with my kids.  They absolutely LOVED IT.  Even my youngest, who is hard to entertain, left the place praising it.  If you have kids and are in Pittsburgh, this is a great place to take them.  We have been to other city's children's museums and this is one of the best.There are tons of stuff for them to do.  There is also a nice variety.  Something for everyone.  Even my wife and I were entertained.  The price of admission was well worth it considering movies are about $10 for only 1-2 hours.  We were there for at least 5 hrs and it didn't even feel like it.  The best was there were activities that left you with free "souvenirs".  We left with various art creations that the kids made that were really cool.
5	As of 12/23/07, admission is $8 for kids and $9 for adults, which was a great deal.  $3 for parking.The first major area you find is Mr Rogers Neighborhood, where you explore all the stuff from his "home" as well as the land of make believe, trolley and all.  There's a cool climbing thing that goes up two stories - not the typical Chuckee Cheese tube maze.  There are several interactive items that include taking your image and showing on the wall with other digital elements that you interact with.  Then you hit the garage.  We could easily have spent all day there.  For older kids, there is a workshop with a drillpress and other tools to build stuff with.  For everyone else, you can build cardboard stuff, then mess around with the innards of a Mini, climb up to a platform to launch parachutes, and much much more.  From there, go to the music room, then the circus room (I CAN walk with stilts - cool)  then upstairs to the water room (they WILL get wet) where raincoats and boots are provided.  Then go to the art room and make your own paper, silkscreens, paintings, printing, much more.  This is all we saw, and I know there is more.  There were several times when I was surprised at how much the kids were able to do, in the sense that everything in kids' lives are sanitized and over protected.  Not this place.  They've left in enough potential hazards to make it very interesting.
5	Oh my God. They're playing the chicken dance song on their website! Bahaha!So what is so great about this place? Mister Rogers of course! For those not in the know, Fred Rogers was from Pittsburgh, so of course there will be a great display of his world somewhere in the city. And here it is. Beyond that there are always cool displays up in the rest of the museem. Bottom line: Great for adults and kids alike, another of the must see Pittsburgh sites.
5	really great place to bring kids. brought my 2 year old here on vacation and she had a blast. Her favorite parts were the painting room and the water room. a must visit if you have kids.
4	I wish we'd had more time here - this place was a blast.  I speak from experience when I say you can keep an almost-two year old happy for AS LONG AS YOU WANT here.  There is even a little cafe so you don't have to leave if you get hungry.  I also witnessed a birthday party at which the kids were encouraged to yell and scream and be happy.Some of the exhibits could have used a little bit of maintenence.  The coolest thing we did was play in the water area, but a couple of the features were broken and the (young) museum employees didn't know how they were supposed to work.We found street parking, but you can park on site for $5.
5	Wonderful Wonderful Wonderful place!!! Perfect for my 3 year old.We bought a year membership to the Children's Museum and have gone several times. I thought it would get borning but everytime we visit they have something new in each area or things moved around. The first floor is all about Mr. Rogers, Air and other gadgets. Their little cafe is nice but a little pricey.There is this cool wall of steps that the kids can go into a climb pretty high if they want to. They have an art/craft area where you can do ink screen prints, make paper, paint and do other crafts. There are stations with everything you and your little ones need to make something cool. The second floor is perfect for babies and young toddlers or kids with disabilitites. It is basic with colors. blocks, books, soft play areas for babies, a box to play in filled with bird seed instead of sand. There are restrooms on every floor. The third floor is the most fun for my little man because it is all about water. They provide rain coats and little crocs. I just bring swim trunks and water shoes for my little one. They will definately get wet so bring an extra set of clothes unless you plan to strip them down to their diaper and put a raincoat on them. We will visit so many more times. The staff is all very nice and helpful.
5	Why would I be writing a review of a Children's museum when I don't have any children?!  Because it's an awesome museum, that's why!But in all seriousness, they throw the best parties, mostly because they have thee coolest space to do it in!  When you go to a party at the museum you're allowed to "play" just like a kid would during regular business hours.  Have I gone down the twisted slide connected to the treehouse in a cocktail dress?  Yes I have!  Have I walked across the mini Pittsburgh bridge in the mini-Pittsburgh playroom?  Yes I have!  Like any good museum, they constantly have changing exhibits, so things I saw are probably not there anymore.  But the interactive exhibits are all about participation.  If it peeked my interest, I'm sure it would peek a child's! I have no doubt people of any age would have a great time here!
5	Affordable and fun. Our children (ages 4 and 2) absolutely love it! Although three hours away, we make the trip at least once a year.
3	This would probably be a 4-star review if I'd brought a younger kid. My 7 year-old DD had fun for about an hour and then was done - just not as much for her age group. The thing she loved the most (by FAR) was the gravity room - she ran through it about 30 times, trying to not "fall" down the floor. I liked the projector kaleidoscope where you used different fabric swatches to change the picture. Other than that, it felt like any other children's museum - fun enough for the kids, tiresome for the adults. Oh - but as a child of the 70s, I did find it very cool to see Mr. Rogers' puppets in the cases - never thought I'd see King Friday in person.
5	Awesome. Nuff sed
5	This place is amazing from top to bottom. 2 hours down we are still here.
4	Good times for kiddies of all ages and grown up too. I especially love the art studio on the first floor, there is always 2 or 3  different art activities that are happening. My niece had her birthday party here, in January, I felt a little rushed, because a few of our guests were late.  The Children's Museum supplied a craft and two party assistants, along with a large space for the guests. I don't know how much my sister in law paid for the party, but I get the feeling it was expensive. My family and I get to enjoy this museum fairly often because it's across the street from my mom's house. It's a treat to have such a fabulous museum near by. Be sure to visit the water floor on the fourth floor, the kids never want to leave the museum after they've played in the water tables. It stretches from one way to the next. I have so many happy memories from this place, it totally rocks!
5	A favorite museum! Art studio and other inquiry-based children's exhibits are a must-see!
5	We had a fantastic time at the Children's Museum!  All of us had a great time - adults, a 5 year old and a 9 year old. So many great things to get our creativity moving!!  My kids really enjoyed making their own paper, screen printing and painting. They played for a long time in the climbing zone as well as the water zone. This is a really great place for kids of all ages as there is something there for everyone. The workers were very thoughtful and kid focused. The Big Red Room cafe was convenient for snacks and drinks. Loved the hand washing station in the cafe. We would recommend this attraction to anyone visiting the Pittsburgh area with kids.
5	This is a fantastic children's museum, that my kids have loved from the first time we we've gone.  They have many hands on activities for the kids and different rooms.  Some of our favorites:1) The Art Room where they can make paper, draw, paint and model with clay among other things.2) A Giant Climbing Sculpture3) The Maker room, which takes from the maker movement and allows the kids to sew or create electronics or build other things.4) The Garage, where they can play on a real car, construct out of woods and nuts and bolts, climb a net, slide down a slide and launch parachutes.5) The Water Room, where they can build damns and connect pipes and generally have fun with water and boats.6) The Exhibit room, which brings in local and national artists to create new things for the kids to play on and with.They also have puppet shows and it is an excellent place to have a children's birthday party.
5	I absolutely love this place! So do my kids! Great crafts. The art room is our absolute favorite. I avoid the water room on the third floor. the cafe is yummy. Wish it was ok to carry coffee w/ me. Have to keep it in cafeteria area. Miss the ball room w/ the music and disco ball. Please bring that back!!!
5	This place is a blast for kids of all ages! All floors are packed full of great fun for kids, and make this place a nice way to spend a lazy Saturday with your turbo-charged little one - just be sure you are well-rested before you go!The only place that was a bit much was the water zone, but that's to be expected whenever you join a young child and lots of splashy water fun. Our little one looked like she worked on "The Deadliest Catch" after she was done terrorizing the place, but it was well worth it to see her having such a good time; it's similar to the "other" kids' museum nearby. They are renovating this exhibit, and it will be interesting to see how it evolves.Loved the art studio, the garage, and the nursery, where our little one really had a blast running around and playing with all of the activities. Obviously, the section on Mr. Rogers brought back all sorts of warm, fuzzy memories! Admission was completely reasonable, and a membership is totally worth it if you will visit with two adults and one child 3x in one year; you even get reciprocal admission to many science and childrens' museums nationwide!
5	Wow, what an awesome place! My little sister & I took her daughter (my niece) to the children's museum this last Saturday and we all had a blast. My sister & I kept asking eachother why we never came here as kids, haha.Everything has pretty much been mentioned in the reviews, but there is a new exhibit in the area that changes that has a ton of inflated balls to kick, throw or run through! The lights are dimmed, theres a disco ball and just kids running everywhere having fun. It opened 9/13 i believe.Parking wasn't a hassle or costly at all. The cool guy walking around playing the banjo was very entertaining. Actually, all of the staff here are nice. We really enjoyed the art room as well as the water room. My niece loved the garage and that avalache sand spinning wheel. Oh, and that slide / tilted room.  We'll be back very very soon! We already planned her 3rd birthday that's coming up, but this would be a great place for birthday parties after I read their birthday brochure.
5	I moved from Columbus, OH to Pittsburgh and was elated to find out that my COSI membership in Columbus was still usable at the Children's Museum. While C-bus's children's museum is mainly about science, Pittsburgh's has art and what not going on. My son loves this place and has finally discovered the art room. He's not super creative but he likes the fact that he can pop on an apron and paint. He even threw a clay cup and silk screened some paper cut outs.They have other workshop space where you can sew or build lil motors. The changing tough art exhibits are neat too. On the downside, if an exhibit opens try to see it early. Simply because kids tear shit up. We went on the opening day of Clifford and by the final week props were missing and there were kid bite marks on Clifford's bones o.0 .
5	I love this museum! I've gone several times with friends and their children. There are so many fun things for kids to go, and so much to explore, even if you are an adult.Kids seem to love the art stations where there are always a variety of crafts and items to create/construct. I love how they are always changing exhibits to stay current and keep things fun and creative for the regulars. My favorite thing about this museum is the "funhouse" slide area. My nephew loves this slide and loves the anti-gravity feel when he is inside. It's too fun!
5	Play time!! Brought the little man here for a day of fun and adventure. Walking in you are greeted with bright and inviting colors. We went over to the ticket area with a big sign that says HI (can't miss that) and got our tickets and of course did what most parents with young children do we headed to the bathroom. Next we went into the art room. My son headed right to the paint area. There are little aprons so children don't get paint all over there cloths. After clipping on a piece of paper my son proceeded to make his master piece. Once done we placed his artwork one of the drying racks. Then continued to a room that had sowing machines woodworking and several other stuff. This area my son (4) wasn't as into so we continued on but not before his dad connected on the electrical stuff together to turn on on the little lights and all the trinkets work. Next there was a little area with a slide and some other interesting stuff. It reminded me of the its a small world ride at Disneyland. Just a little creepy with all the dolls and such. The next room was my sons favorite!! There was a huge slide a parachute thing, car tracks that the kids could make and lots of other stuff. We spent about an hour in this room. It was quite fun. Next was a room that had lots of little sized play stuff. I want to say houses but it wasn't just houses. It was fun. We continued upstairs to the nursery area. This was fun. There were lots of tables with different things to play with like trains or colored sand. Next was the water room. Some of the things in the room weren't working right however it was still fun. I wish there was more dryers for the children but now I know to bring a towel and change of cloths. This is such a great place for kids. I don't think it'll be a place we will frequent often but if you haven't been with a little one you should.
5	Buy a membership!  Your kids will love this place.  We still haven't visited every section yet, and we've been four times.  Yep, it's that good.
5	I have been to the Cleveland children's museum and feel qualified enough based on my visits there to rate the Pittsburgh children's museum. This place was absolutely awesome. The boys had a great time silkscreening art, making shapes and different things out of clay, and painting. If you are a member of the Cleveland natural history Museum you will receive full reciprocity at the Pittsburgh children's museum which is nice, for us it saved $54. The third floor is the place to be so remember to take your swimsuits along because the entire room is a water feature for the kids to play. The staff here were very friendly and considerate and helpful.
5	Simply outstanding children's museum.  Kids loved the craft area (recommend starting there so paintings can dry).  Tilted room and temporary exhibit on love were favorites as well.  Pleasantly not overcrowded on a Sunday.  Also, lunch prices were reasonable for a museum.
5	We spent an afternoon here when my son was 14 months.  He had a blast, but 14 months is probably on the young end in terms of getting the biggest bang for your many bucks.  Don't get me wrong, there was tons for him to do (light boxes with sand for pictures, psychedelic gummy bear light boxes, a giant lite-brite, things to bang and throw), and if you have a toddler this age with an older sibling, you're golden.  I can say, they have done an excellent job of offering fun things for a wide range of ages.  Of course, my son's fave was the water floor.  Just a word of advice, you may want to bring bathing suits, or at least extra shoes/socks.  They do provide smocks, but my son was so short that it dragged the ground.  Besides, they're going to do their best to defy the smock.  Everyone working there was helpful.  They would get on my son's level and show him how everything worked, but encouraged him to do it himself.There were a lot of people there, but it never felt crowded.
4	Unfortunately we only got to spend a couple of hours on Black Friday here but we had a blast.  The art room on the first floor is so cool  It was my daughter's first art project and we got to take it home.  We rushed past some of the other exhibits/displays/activities but we got to play with lights and sand before going to the bunce zone.  My daughter had a blast throwing the ball around and playing with the magnetic track next door.  We will definitely schedule in for a longer day next time.
