3	I thought maybe the LV in this mall would be a little more "wow", but it isn't. I'd have to give big props to the Wynn which has the coolest LV boutique in Vegas.
5	WHERE:  Located inside the Fashion Show Mall.WHEN: 10am-9pm, Monday through Saturday. 10am-8pm, Sunday.WHY: To get your Louis V fix on.WHAT:  Firstly, I would like to state that this is one of the smaller Louis Vuitton stores in Las Vegas.  There isn't a huge selection like there is inside the Wynn and the Forum shops, but it'll do.  The advice I'd give is, if you know what you're looking for, call them in advance to check if the item you have is there.That's what I did, and when I showed up to pick it up, I was completely satisfied.  As my mom and I walked inside the store, the doorman greeted us so kindly.  One of the employees immediately asked us if we needed any help.  I knew what I wanted, and he gladly helped me make my decision.  He gave such wonderful choices and knew about each of the pieces I asked about.  I love someone who knows their product!So, to end this in a good way... CUSTOMER SERVICE WAS GRADE A, FIVE STARS, AND A THUMBS UP!! =D
2	I'm only giving this store two stars because the sales associate that WE had to approach was helpful and very patient. First off my girlfriend and I along with her two sisters walk into the empty store, not one out of the 4 associates, greeter/guard, and bald douche bag manager even bothered to acknowledge us. We then stood in the middle of the store for about 2 to 3 minutes trying to find the list of bags we wanted to purchase, everyone there continued to bullshit around (two sales associates were standing and talking not even 4 feet away from us). WE had to finally approach a lady behind a counter for help, god knows how long it would have taken if we waited for someone to approach us. After we finished paying we were waiting for our purchase to get boxed and bagged up, the bald douche bag felt the need to make rounds around us thinking we were going to steal something. If that was the manager seriously shame on him and that sorry excuse for customer service, I've seriously had better service at fast food joints. Then the cherry on top was after we were about to leave we briefly looked at a wallet case near the entrance and one of the two associates that were having the conversation earlier finally asked if we needed help after she notice the large box/bag we had. I don't normally bitch about customer service, but this store stereotyped the shit out of us. If you want a pleasant shopping experience I suggest you skip the fashion show location and go to the Wynn or Forum Shops. I've never had a problem with either of those locations. End Rant
1	To all Louis Vuitton stuff lovers, DO NOT BUY AT FASHION SHOW MALL STORE on the 2nd floor... Their staff is pretentious and rude. Especially the "manager' Jacob and the korean lady. They both have an attitude and look down on you. I came in and 2 people at the door, including the "manager", didn't even acknowledged me with hello or Welcome. They should learn TO SMILE and say hello or welcome before the rude "can I help you?". I get better service an attention at Starbucks buying a coffee or at Walgreens buying toothpaste. If you want to buy LV products go to City Center. The store is much better anyway and they have a little class. Don't give the no-class peasants at the Fashion Show Mall store any opportunity to make a buck...
1	Terrible, my comments in the tip section tells it all.
4	One of what must be 700 LV boutiques in Vegas, the Fashion Show Mall location is decent sized, carries a good range of most LV products.  They've got a much bigger selection of women's accessories - as is the case with most LV boutiques - but options for men's are still plenty. Service wise, I've had fairly good luck here over the course of a few shopping trips, with one especially great experience with Danna Cruz.  On the hunt for a few small gifts for friends and family, she took the time to listen to my needs, then suggested appropriate items, wrapped them up, and even called a couple of the other other local LV boutiques when they didn't have the style I wanted. Not all LVs deliver an excellent experience - and to be honest, very few do it consistently - but this one is at the top of my list.
1	Absolutely horrible service! I went into exchange a pair of sunglasses I got as a gift. I wanted to exchange for a wallet because my parents have gotten me sunglasses for the last 5 years. I gave her the glasses she pulled them out to check them and do the return and said the glasses had a scratch but wouldn't show me where. She then proceeded to bag the sunglasses up, and tell me that they were eligible for a return. I am totally unsure how they have a scratch when I literally only opened them and boxed them straight back up. On top of thAt they have a sunglasses bag, case and a box. How do you even manage to get them scratched horrible service will not go back!
4	My husband suggested we visit this store so that we can scout out some purses for my potential birthday gift. I had a vague idea of what I wanted since I have kept up with the models, and have purchased from them before. (YOU'RE WELCOME MOM!). The store is relatively compact, yet has most of the popular models, sizes and patterns. We were greeted at the entrance and did not experience any snobbery from the staff. I do suffer from what the kids call RBF (resting b*tch face) so people do tend to think I am aloof. I was immediately approached and offered help. The lady helping me was very accommodating and patient. I had her showcase three different purses I was torn between, and even had her bring them out in different patterns and sizes. Pro tip: damier azur pattern tends to transfer color from dark outfits, especially denim. The stains/darkened patches cannot be removed or cleaned. It is something to consider if you're thinking of opting for that pattern. There was no pressure from the sales team to purchase anything on the spot, and I was glad I did scout out the bags in person because what I thought I wanted, I ended up not liking. I left the store with some enlightenment and a few new tips I was not aware of before. I would go back here to complete my purchase.
1	This is one of the worst place I been too - I can't believe a manager at Fashion Show Mall - Karen Mesa - she was not willing to give any solution on a wallet that I spent over 400.00 dollars... When the thread is coming out! She was the worst manager for a high end retail company.
1	I'm officially done purchasing LV products after today! I went in for a repair on a purse and was told that because it had a crack that they could not repair the strap, rendering my purse unusable. It also took several times to even get a semi-logical explanation from the manager. Neither she nor the clerk was capable of explaining why it could not be repaired. The only logical response though would have been that they can try to repair it, but cannot guarantee the repair. Instead, I was told to take it to a local shoe repair shop. Done! I encourage my friends, sorority sisters, family, etc., to be aware that LV does not stand behind their products. Select a different "luxury" bag.
