2	Yikes... How do they stay in business? Must be due to all the families driving gas guzzling SUV's that don't want to drive 8 miles to Sports Chalet or to Bass Pro....1.  Service - Nearly non existent. I think the staff have to wear ties. Must limit creativity or even basic courtesy.  I have been there about 8 times and never have been greeted once.2.  Selection - Continually unimpressed. 3.  Sales Prices - See alot of advertised pricing, but rarely find something to buy.4.  Knowledge - Couldn't tell, since none of the staff every greeted me. Based on the ones I had to ask questions, I would say NO real demonstrated knowledge.I will continue to drive the extra miles to get to a proper place with proper selection, pricing and knowledge.
4	It's no frills.  You won't be wowed by impressive displays.  But if you're a serious athlete, you will appreciate their prices.  I don't buy my shoes there, but I do buy most of my swim stuff there (if not online) and some gear for my runs.  To put it in perspective, my $70 MSRP TYR swim suit retails for $70 at Sports Authority, about $60 at Sports Chalet, around $50 at Dicks, and $30 at Big 5.  The exact same suit.  So if you want to save money, try Big 5 first.
2	I walked in and was not acknowledged with a greeting until I was getting ready to leave the store.  I really came in to just walk around while I was waiting for a friend but if I was really looking for something a simple hello or may I point you in the right direction would have been great and made the experience much better.  I'm not rushing back here anytime soon.
4	I really like this place for my workout necessities. The prices are very reasonable. They often have great sales, especially on shoes. My friend got a pair of hiking boots for $20 (average looking, good style) and I got the cutest pair of new pink and black running shoes for about $35. I've had them for a few weeks now and I still love them. Great quality. I also get my weight lifting gloves here (necessity), and my knee support bands. Pretty good selection on both.Lately they have been out of weights. I just hope they get some in before I am ready to move up a level. Recently, I had to return something and it was very easy. Great prices!.
2	Not too impressed with this place. Their selection is underwhelming, their prices are above average and the store is cramped and congested. The employees were helpful and friendly, but couldn't help me because they didn't have what I needed in store.Because I am often around this area, I have stopped by on numerous occasions for a product or two. One time I purchased a tent that did not contain poles and another time I bought an air pump that broke upon first using it. I had no problems returning the items, but will forever be skeptical of Big 5 products.Save yourself the time and shop at Dick's or Bass Pro Shops for a better selection, better quality and an overall better experience.
3	This store has a little bit of everything.   We've stopped in for a few little things because we were in the area.  When you walk in you will immediately notice the small size of the store.  Don't get me wrong,... you can usually find what you need.  They just have a large variety of items but few options of that item to choose from.  I guess you could call their store 'cozy'.  Everything is very tightly packed in. We also checked out their ammo section.  They never seem to have one of the types we need.   The other type is priced more than other places we've bought at.  I do realize the supply and demand has caused the price to jump... but not that much.  On the plus side the employees are always friendly and help us find what we need.  I guess that is the silver lining!
1	I have been to this store twice, the second time was this evening. Both times were to purchase equipment for my kids sports. I am not impressed at all. When shopping for cleats I noticed nothing seemed to be in it's correct place. When I asked questions at both visits, the person working the shoe department responded with "I don't know" or " I'm not sure." I had to ask if they could find someone who does know, and apparently, no one in the store did have the answers. Seriously, when the employees cannot answer questions to help, why would I want to shop there??
2	I'm not in love with this store's merchandising. It's really crowded and overwhelming. And the selection feels like.... well.... like going to Radio Shack versus Fry's. I have been here several times when I need something in a pinch. You need a softball glove? It's here. You need a big knife? A bicycle? A sled? A pair of cheap athletic shoes? It's all here.You'll find budget gear here. So if you're not willing to comb Craig's list for used sporting goods, this is the next cheapest place to come.
5	I love Big 5...this location is my favorite! I went on on Veteran's Day hoping for some deals and deals are exactly want I got! The Manager Mark is awesome there-he seriously made the transaction go smoothly with his knowledge of the product and the discount he made available. So happy! Thanks Mark.
4	We had a pretty good experience here.  Got to use some of our coupons and get some things to keep our faces and necks warm, as well as thermals and sleds.  Good prices on everything and so glad we didn't have to fight the mob at Costco for sleds.  The sleds at Big 5 turned out much better and user friendly for our group.The only drawback to this experience is that the debit/credit card system was intermittent and down when we were there, so it made getting in and out of the store a challenge quickly.  But, the store personnel were very apologetic and nice about the whole thing.They had a large selection of things we wanted and needed, so I'm glad I thought about going here first before going to Costco.
