3	I'm in Edinburgh.UK for a little under 2 weeks for work.  I've been here before, and I know that Scottish food is pretty bland, so I came here with pretty low expectations.However, for a restaurant in the UK, I would say that this is a pretty decent restaurant.  For starters, I had some smoked salmon wrapped in cream cheese and a minestrone soup.  The smoked salmon was pretty good, it came in 3 pieces.  There was a bit too much cream cheese for each piece, so I only had one and shared the rest with my co workers.  The minestrone soup was very good and refreshing, considering the weather is currently in the 50's - 60's and I came from Houston 80's - 90's degree weather.For the main entree, I had a shrimp dish, served on rice, in a creamy mustard sauce.  It was alright.  The sauce felt overwhelming, and it was poured all over, drenching the rice, so it was hard to take any bite without a spoonful of the mustard sauce.  Mustard is a strong flavor and it felt like they used a bit too much mustard.  The shrimp were small pieces cut up into smaller pieces, which was not what I was expecting either.  Just a note, "lemonade" means sprite to them.  Not fresh lemonade.Overall, still a better meal than anything I expected.
5	First... this is ITALIAN restaurant, not Scottish, not British.  And you shouldn't have smoked salmon--even if it's wrapped in cream cheese--if you don't like bland food.The restaurant is somewhat small and since it's not in the city center, I imagine most tourists don't even know it exists.  Yet, we got the last table when we were there as the restaurant was fully occupied with people who seem to be regular visitors.  There were only three servers visible, yet they were friendly and accessible (though you may have to raise your hands to get them to notice).I had the calamari fritti for starter, and it's done right: lightly battered, not greasy, and crispy.  For main I had the pollo milanese, and it's also done right.  The chicken fillet is juicy with just right layer of breadcrumb.  The mini potatoes are roasted to crisp... nicely done.  No sauce, no cheese!  And that maybe the special part of my dinner.   And finally, a light dessert of Italian coconut ice cream in a coconut shell.  I'm a fan of Fabio--the restaurant.
4	Been going for years, I lovvvve the food, never had any complaints regarding that.  They get very very busy, booking essential. Only critisim is that servers when busy have forgotten small details, like checking to refill glasses, or doing so in a timely manner and sometimes feels like an age to get food.  I stress this is when really busy but small price to pay for fabulous food. This is only reason I marked down.
5	My favourite Italian restaurant in Edinburgh. My family have eaten regularly here for the last 15 years and the food and service has consistently been very good. The fact that this is an out-of-city-centre restaurant in a low density neighborhood yet was packed on a Monday evening when we last ate here speaks volumes for the place.  The locals love it!
4	I LOVE LASAGNA! There, I said it, I love lasagna alright (just like Garfield) and its what I always have when I come here. With this being a few short minutes away from my work in Corstorphine Fabio's is the favourite haunt of my office for working lunches. Whenever my boss proposes getting out of the office to discuss something over lunch I always always suggest here. (She loves lasagna too.) The place is nice and welcoming and the staff are always happy to see us (you can imagine they know most of my office pretty well by now.)But back to the lasagna. I went to Rome last year and of course I had lasagna there, but I actually like the lasagna here more than the 'authentic' kind served Rome. I cant think of higher praise than that...it's better than the stuff they serve in Italy. It literally comes straight out of the oven, many times I've burnt the roof of my mouth in my impatience to eat the delicious creamy goodness. The place always seems to be busy which is really heartening for a restaurant so far out of the city centre. It's proof of how nice a place it is to eat, everyone keeps coming back again and again.
4	In would say the four star rating at the time of this review is about right, perhaps a 3.7 or so to be more precise... I've had a bit better, but I've certainly had far worse. I went for the Filet with Haggis and a Whiskey Cream Sauce... I don't know what it is about me, but anything paired with haggis is a must try! I must admit it actually worked well.  The steak was probably cooked a bit more than I expected for medium rare, but it was quite nice in the middle and to be honest is closer to how I tend to like it... it just seems in the UK medium rare usually equates to what I would consider medium... I'm not sure if this is a US thing or a southern thing, but over the years it seems a pretty consistent observation. (Side note, two of my coworkers said the steaks were cooked a bit better on their last visit, attributing it to being slower that particular evening versus quite busy this visit.) The roast potatoes were also good, nice and crisp, with the vegetables being a bit of a let down... not terrible, just your standard sprinkle of mixed vedge. (Having a decent flavour in their defence, if vegetables could actually have a defence.) As a starter the group had garlic bread (one with cheese and one without)... they were the flat almost pizza type, but again... pretty good. Having willpower for once I only sampled a dessert, vanilla ice cream with a shot of espresso, but I was impressed with the sample and the number of offerings.  The same can be said for the main menu, there was a lot on offer which can sometimes be a warning sign and luckily didn't seem to be this time... everyone was happy enough with what they ordered. The service was perfectly adequate and just friendly enough, and the place itself is also fine. I think the big thing with this place was that perhaps my expectations were raised a bit high based on some of the reviews, so tread carefully if you're expecting fireworks... that said, if you're looking for a decent Italian meal and are in the area it's certainly worth a try... I wouldn't say no if invited back.
