3	Even sitting in the booth next to Sheriff Joe didn't make this place get past the "uh" stage.   Everything was average. Food was very basic and standard fare. Steaks were tender but not as good as they should have been for the price, $20.99 for a 8oz tenderloin, $18.99 for a 6oz. Service was fine. Would I go back? Probably not, unless there were few other options available.
4	I admit that I came here with a coupon.  Without, it would be way out of my price range.The food was great and I have no complaints.  When my wife salted her food and the cap came off the shaker the management replaced the entire plate and threw in a free bowl of soup while she waited for the replacement.For going for my Birthday I got a giant fresh cookie with a scoop of ice cream on top.
2	The most important thing I can tell you is to read these reviews!  Everything said is accurate.  The last time I had dinner at a Black Angus was in the late 70's--didn't like it then and nothing much has changed in 30 years.Dark, dingy and outdated interior.  Service was slow. My nephew loves this place and we had a coupon for the Campfire Feast for Two, so I tried it once again.I don't eat red meat much so I had the chicken--dry, flavorless and overcooked.  Broccoli was great, steamed to perfection.  The appetizer dish was a sampler of all appetizers--everything fried, over cooked, dried out  like jerky--not good.We also were given a choice of dessert, chocolate layer cake is what we selected--it was okay, but nothing special.Sad to say but Black Angus has left a big black hole in my memory---no shining star here........
3	Not a bad place to go but not my first choice. The food is good but nothing unique or special.
4	Went here with a large party for a celebration dinner. Servers accomodated everyone with ease and promptness. I ordered the New York Strip medium with mashed potatoes and broccoli. I loved all of it. Normally steak is just steak, however this steak was juicy and nicely grilled on the outside. I loved the fried zucchni as an appetizer and the dessert was good as well. Nice time.
3	I am a little mixed on this review, as i have had mediocre steak there, and just recently, one of the best ribeyes I have ever had.  The campfire feast is a great value, and has really good entrees included.  Service has always been good, from the bar, down to the wait staff.  I will definitely be back.
1	The 3 pieces of shrimp cocktail that came with the sampler platter were good & the twice baked potatoes were mostly dry but the rest of the ingredients on them  were good. My son's blackberry ginger ale was good it was 25oz for 2.99 where as regular sodas are 2.59 after tax she told me but I guess she forgot to tell me it does not come with refills like the regular soft drinks do. My son is 13 years & 11mths He gets a soda 2 times a month so yea it kinda pissed me off that I paid almost the same price for 1. The steak had ZERO seasoning, The artichoke appetizer was kinda bland the green sauce that came with it was nasty but the white one was ok, It must be noted my son loved the green sauce. We asked for extra butter & sour cream for both of our baked potatoes & as she turned around half way through our request she didnt hear the for both part & only brought 1 side each. At that point we were pretty pissed & just asked for to go boxes. They had a radio special going for the campfire combo which eliminated our ability to use our coupon for a free app. The waitress told us the blue cheese wedge salad was life-changing.... um no, not even a little bit. It was just  drowned in sauce. Over all Im so much happier to go to Outback Steakhouse.
4	We had the luncheon steak, it was cooked as we asked, service was excellent,
1	I'm not surprised by the reviews and wished I would have read them before going.  What I am surprised about is how many negative reviews there are going back several years and the same problems remain...hello?This was our first and last visit.  There's no "Steak House" apeal at all.  It more resembles a nursing home.  Not only the cliental but the decor as well.  Even when the phone rings, it seems to be amplified so everyone has an opportunity to hear it.  Management seemed very out of touch not only with the guests but the employees as well.  The portions on the sides were very small and the 16 oz Ribeye I had ordered medium rare...half, yes half of the steak they praise was medium well and the other half was RARE, very very rare.  They forgot to bring out my mashed potatoes and once they did after I said something they were very dry.  Everything I had lacked flavor and care.  I could go on about the other 3 dishes my family had and didn't care for, however I really want to put this behind us. Once a week my family and I try something new...we will not be back!
5	What started out as a disappointment was turned into a great evening with the help of the bartender and another waitress.  We had coupons and decided to go to this location for our family after tax season party (wife is a CPA) for possible dinner/Happy Hour.  Unlike the Metro location, where we have gone in the past, the bar here is small and all the tables were taken.  The hostess said we couldn't get the Happy Hour specials unless we were in the bar and other than at the bar itself, there was no place to sit, despite the fact that there were tables only a few feet away.   We went to the bar to order a drink and decide what to do when the bartender and another waitress said "don't worry about it" and sat us in a nearby booth and said they would take care of us.  We had a great meal with Happy Hour drink prices and appetizers.  We had excellent service and very good food.  Only one star for the hostess for poor customer service, but I'll give the other four to the bartender and staff who were so helpful and served us well and the cooks who prepared us a great meal.
5	I have been to this location many times over the last several years. I have always been pleased with the service that I have received by the staff. Friday and Saturday evening are pretty busy, I would recommend making a reservation or sitting in the bar area. The food has always been prepared as requested, my favorite the filet mignon with blue cheese and mushroom... Yum! I would definitely recommend this place to friends and family and will go back. Thanks for the great food!
2	I have no problem with the service but the restaurant policy doesn't allow you to exchange the potato for a side salad for low carb diet as many others do. The steak and crab legs were sub par ie steak not tender even though medium done and crab legs seemed dry like they had been cooked  several hours before and reheated. While the prices are steak house prices, the food is not.
3	Good food and I like that they participate in rewards network. My only issue is the pour for their drinks. Very small and must be metered or the bartenders are told to pour small drinks. No worth the visit for the bar.
5	The great thing about this particular black Angus is that the bar is normally empty and you can't get better customer Service then If you're sitting at the bar All you need to do is order a drink ask for a full Menu and of course ask what their specials are for that day recommendations are prime rib full cut be careful when you're ordering off the specials menu especially if you're ordering lobster tail if your lady likes lobster tail Have her order the tenderloin and lobster tail but not off the special day just strictly because it's only two dollars more and the lobster tail on the specials menu is a 4 ounce and on the regular menu it's a 8+ So you know you may be able to get a couple of bites great service great menu what more can you ask for you go UC set the bar
1	Wife and I went on our Anniversary.  Reservations for 7pm.  Salad was dismal.  Took forever to get non alcoholic drinks.  Prime rib was dry and not a good cut.  Garlic mashed potatoes were a joke.  More like dry wall paste.  Never, ever again.  For the money we spent there are a LOT better options just right up the road.
1	Used to be my favorite restaurant until today I found a hair in my steak I paid big bucks for low hygiene.
5	We ordered the Campfire combo with the shrimp cocktail and salads with the Prime Rib. The salad was very good with fresh greens and chilled well. The shrimp was pretty large and the sauce was very good. The prime rib was very good cooked just right and juicy with the right seasoning. We had the cheesecake for dessert and it was pretty large and very creamy. Management came by to check at our table as well as others. Service was good and there was a crowd waiting, suggest you make reservations just in case.
3	My first visit was decent, but didn't quite live up to my expectations.I food just wasn't that good for a steakhouse. Neither my wife and I cared for our appetizer. We got the Fire-Grilled Fresh Artichoke. They say it is a popular choice, but I didn't like it at all. My burger was very plain and lacked good taste. It made me wish I had gone to Five Guys instead. My wife got the steak and thought it was OK, but later she ended up getting sick. She ordered off the gluten-free menu as she has sensitivities, so this place may have issues with cross-contamination.One positive was our friendly server. Cassie was excellent and we were very pleased because we rarely get good service when we go out. She kept up with refills and offered to replace anything we didn't like. I also wrote about my visit and explained how I didn't like the food. The manager said he would send us a coupon, so I can appreciate that they are reaching out to their customers.I got good vibes from sitting at the restaurant. I like their tables and seats. I think I will give it a second chance, but the food has to be better if they want to win me over as a customer.
3	This used to be #1 dining option for our family but it has gotten too expensive.  Food is good, something for everyone and huge portions.  A hang out for Sun City residents so arrive early for dinner.
5	We frequent this particular restaurant quite often and find that we always receive both excellent service and food.  Last week I forgot my receipt that I needed for reimbursement.  I called the restaurant and spoke with Nicole who helped identify my server and was able to retrieve my receipt, she then went above and beyond her job description and mailed the receipt to me.  That speaks highly for the service there.
5	They have the BEST mountain fudge cake!!
4	Great food, wonderful service.  Much less noisy than roadhouse that's down the road. If you get the coupons in the money mailer packs, you get a huge meal for 2 for only $40
5	Without getting drafty, all was A1.  Had campfire feast for two.  Wife had a perfect filet and I had prime rib.  All was great.  And that Chocolate cake is to die for.
5	My wife & I celebrated our anniversary here the other day. We came in with a two-meal coupon that got us two entrees, an appetizer and a dessert for $41.  Quite the deal considering we got enough food to each take home enough for lunch the next day and dessert for a couple days.We picked out the Wagon Wheel sampler that has Crispy Fried Garlic-Pepper Zucchini (loved it), Chipotle-Buffalo Chicken Tenders (saved for next day), Loaded Potato Skins and Shrimp Cocktail. Everything was good but nothing was exceptional.  We wished the shrimp cocktail came with 4 shrimp instead of 3 (I got black eye going for the third shrimp). My wife got the New York strip steak, baked potato soup and a salad.  She got her steak medium well, just like she wanted.  I blinked and her soup was gone.  She loved it!I got the filet (which was a $3 upgrade), a loaded baked potato (no sour cream) and the potatoes au gratin.  I was very pleased with my medium filet and my baked potato.  The potatoes au gratin went home and were delicious the next day too.For dessert we got the chocolate fudge cake that could have fed 4 or 5 people.  It had a little ice cream on it that we shared and then we took at least half of it home.Bottomline - the food was good.  The price was good.  I have nothing to complain about and look forward to going back next time I get a coupon in the mail.
3	I usually get the filet which is excellent!  However, I made the mistake of ordering the crispy shrimp, which I would have sent back except that I was with 5 others and it was my sisters birthday so I did not want to make a fuss. I ate the overdone, small shrimp while I watched the others eat their excellent steaks. I will go back for the steak but will never order anything else. The rest of the food was very good and the service was excellent.
