3	Connected to the Bauer Lofts and part of the Charcoal Group (that brought Waterloo Martini's, Wildcraft, del Dante, and the Charcoal Steakhouse), you get the dining-for-the-nouveau-waterloo that you'd expect. I don't mean it derisively; the atmosphere is modern and fresh, the menu albeit meat-heavy is interesting (complete with wine pairings), the service is mature, and the food doesn't disappoint. If you've been to Wildcraft, the vibe is the same. My wife and I dropped in on a Friday night. We didn't have a reservation, they were fully booked, but they were happy to seat us in the bar area with the rest of the ill-planned 30-something-professional couples. I had the sirloin burger (at the recommendation of the bartender) and it's probably one of the top 3 I've had in Waterloo. My wife had a halibut steak on top of mixed veggies -- it was presented well, and she enjoyed it. The beer selection was good -- they made the right trade off decisions. I actually had a laugh when I noticed 10 taps: 5 typical main-stream selects (I think canadian, blue, blue light coors), and 5 "micro brew" selections (tank house, creemore, waterloo dark, and a couple of others). In general, the BK is a safe date, work, or parent restaurant -- recommended above others in the same category in waterloo (sole, wildcraft, rude native).
5	A bunch of classmates came back for homecoming on Saturday and we chose this place as sort of home base as they have wi-fi.  We had a pretty good brunch here, went for the football game then returned afterwards with our laptops to get a bit of work done and grab a few light bites to eat before the receptions in the evening.  Service was excellent, food was great as was the presentation.  It feels like a cozier loft environment.  Everything is made on premises. They seem to be enthusiastic about pointing out that they have their own little bakery on site.  For breakfast, at the recommendation of the server, I had the Salmon Benedict (picture uploaded) which was two eggs benedict with smoked salmon plus sides for $13/14 pre-tax and tip.  It was very good.  There weren't actually too many people around at around 11 am but this was probably because it was cold raining and generally miserable outside.When we came back, one of my somewhat adventurous friends ordered the bone marrow appetizer which he quite enjoyed, I had a carrot + sweet potato soup and another friend ordered the calamari (all pictured).  I was happy with my soup which was $6 pre-tax and tip.  To their credit, they let us plug in and work for a few hours before 6 pm but this was before their dinner rush which gets very busy (reservations definitely recommended).Prices were definitely on the higher end for the area but I'd also say it was well worth it.  I was debating whether or not to give them a 4 because of this but in thinking about it, their pricing created high expectations which they more than met.  I agree with another reviewer that the vibe is very similar to Wildcraft though it's more of a loft/romanticized factory-type feel to it.  The one thing about this place is that the parking is a bit wonky.  It's on the first floor of the Bauer Lofts and to get to the restaurant, I think there's only one entrance in and from street level it might be a little confusing as it's physically inset.  There is as well underground parking which is a bit easier as the signage from inside/under the building is a lot clearer than outside.
5	I absolutely love this place. I've been quite a few times, mostly for special occasions, and have never been disappointed.  It has such a cool vibe, great large tables, exposed 2x6 wood ceilings and of course, fantastic food and service.As you MAY have noticed, I'm not the most adventurous eater, but I have seen others fawn all over unique menu items such as the roasted bone marrow, charcuterie board (prosciutto, sopressata, pate)  and pan-fried calamari! Myself, I always go for the short-rib gnocchi. Yum yum yum, so many tasty flavours, and so different, it's a real treat. Their brie-stuffed chicken supreme has also been a fan favourite! One of the best parts is their delicious wine. If you're a pinot fan, they have a pinot grigio from Friuli (Forchir), that you can't get at the LCBO, and is really a treat! I know you can order it from a place called Stem Wine Group online, but that's only by the case.This place is really a dining treat, one of the best places in the KW region for sure!
4	I have been to the Bauer Kitchen several times. We enjoy visiting on Wednesday night for the duck wing special - which the wing fans say is quite tasty. I really enjoy the romaine salad which is quite garlicky with nice crisp Romaine. I have always had great service and the servers are very friendly. The space is interesting and very open. I like the fact that I don't feel crowded. Love the touch of leaving a full bottle of water on the table!
5	I had a lovely lunch at the Bauer Kitchen recently. I love the ambiance and everything was delicious! We had a daily sandwich and the Bauer Butcher Burger, which was simply to die for. I also you don't have to pay extra to get sweet potato fries as a side. The shortrib gnocchi was also good, but I'm not a fan of the overly chewy gnocchi itself. The flavours are great, but the pasta could be better.
5	Had another great lunch recently at the Bauer Kitchen. I really want to try the sandwiches on their lunch menu, but I'm never able to because the daily feature sandwich always wins me over. This time, I had a slow-roasted pulled pork sandwich with bbq sauce, coleslaw on a house-made cheddar ciabatta. It was extremely filling and delicious! The meat was tender and succulent, perfectly complemented by crunchy coleslaw. I'd eat this sandwich everyday!My mother had another lunch daily special- the fish and chips. I'm so happy that they let us substitute regular fries for sweet potato frites with no surcharge! The accompanying lemon tartar sauce was rather lackluster, but all in all, it was still really tasty and satisfying.What a great place for lunch! I'm really curious to try their brunch menu as well.
3	Went here for a leisurely dinner with my sister on a Friday night.  It was quite busy, had a great atmosphere, and since it was full, we sat at the bar to eat.  It ended up being a great decision because we had a great view of the place.  We ordered a charcuterie and cheese plate to start, bouillabasse for her and duck confit for me.  Hits on the app and bouillabasse, pass on the duck confit.  The duck should have been fall of the bone, but instead it was so tough I had to spit it out as no amount of chewing would break that ducky down.  Maybe it was really a goose from Columbia lake and not a young duck. Hehehe.  Dessert options=yawn.  Cheesecake and brownies are not ground breaking.  But then again, my sister is a pastry chef so it takes quite a lot to impress us.  When we asked if the gelatos/sorbets were house made we were told no.  So we passed on dessert which is really saying a lot for a pastry chef.Great service, great wine, just pass on the duck and hope for better desserts in the future.
5	Visited this fine establishment twice in the last few months. Once for dinner with the parents and once for brunch with my girlfriend.The atmosphere is very open and light, yet holds well both for a formal dinner, and a casual brunch. Impressive work.The menu is quite unique, and a lot of the more traditional items on the menu have their own twist. The smoked salmon eggs benedict are served on a house made biscuit (yum) and the Cioppino had unique flavours to it and was less soupy than traditional. In both cases, the departures from the usual were a very welcome thing.Another great fact about this place is that each item has a bin-numbered wine paired with it. Great for dishes and wines you may be unsure of or curious about. I decided to pick a wine I wanted to try, and choose a corresponding dish, with great success.If you're looking for an easy going place to go, where you can impress without completely breaking the bank, this is your place!
5	Love this place, food service atmosphere, all is good... Waterloo definitely needed a place like this
4	The Bauer Kitchen is a good restaurant. No doubt about it. The atmosphere is really nice considering the prices your paying (not that pricey) and so is the staff and the food. My husband and I went to this place in Kitchener on a Friday night. It was busy, like you hope a good restaurant to be. We started with the Grilled Brie which was delicious. No complaints all around. The menu was really cool...each meal has a number next to it, corresponding with the wine pairing they've chosen. Pretty nifty. For dinner, I had the short rib gnocchi which had a good solid flavor. The portion size was perfect. My husband had the burger (he always does on Friday) and said that it was good, albeit a bit salty but worth the money. We both had the wine pairing for our meal and they were really really well-paired. Over all. Nice experience and would definitely go back. Happy with the cash spent.
5	Christian and his team at The Bauer Kitchen consistently deliver a wonderful customer experience and delicious food. I regularly bring out-of-town business colleagues to TBK for lunch and dinner, and they have shared rave reviews from the service, atmosphere, selection of spirits, beers and wine, and of course the food.Personally, I love the following items on the menu:- Onion Rings (best in town)- Oysters on Tuesday night- Duck wings on wednesdays- Amazing daily sandwich specials (try the pulled pork)- Pork chop (2nd best in town)Keep up the great work!Christopher
2	Hm. I just don't get it. I fit the demographic for this place - young professional, blah, blah, but the Bauer Kitchen hasn't won me over. After visiting several times - twice for brunch, once for lunch, and once for drinks - I don't quite see what all the fuss is about. Cocktails were serviceable. The bartender knew her stuff. I enjoy the decor and the warehouse-y feel. I like the menu offerings. But the food. Really? And the service. Really? At brunch, I had to get up and grab the coffee and pour myself another cup 'cause the waitress had vanished for the entirety of our meal (not busy at the time). Not the only time I've experienced poor service, but the most egregious example. And I find the food underwhelming. I haven't been wowed. At all. I'll give it another chance, maybe dinner this time, but I don't really have high hopes.
3	Went to Bauer Kitchen for a large group dinner (about a dozen ppl).  Service was excellent and they wisely assigned several 'helpers' in addition the main waiter.  I also appreciated that they didn't force an automatic tip.... this actually resulted in them getting a higher tip than they might have otherwise. Food was delicious, and in the Kitchener-Waterloo area it's one of the nicer places.  But it is fairly 'standard'.  Steaks, Pizzas, Chicken, etc... nothing particularly unique/exotic.  Think "Keg"... but a touch better. I'm from Toronto so I'm spoiled a bit and expect all sorts of creative twists... but for a really good basic meal it was fine. I personally found the prices a bit high for what we got... but again, that might be a bit of a Waterloo supply/demand thing. The one thing however that I should give a nod to is the wine program.  I was REALLY impressed with what their somelier team has put together.  The wine list includes a good variety (not just ontario/italy) of unique (not just cab, shiraz, merlot, chard) options. Many are offered in 3oz, 6oz, options (this seemed a bit weird to me... I like the more standard 5/6oz, and a 9oz upgrade).  I found some of the prices, again, a touch high (many 3oz were what I might pay for a full glass in TO). Interestingly for by-the-bottle wines, they offer to "open any bottle and serve it by the glass if you buy min. of 2 glasses"... that I found was kind of neat and much appreciated.  2 glasses is nothing to sweat, but a full bottle can be over the top (for 1 person on a random weekday).  This program makes some of the reserve wines much more accessible...and, I imagine, results in lots of "bin ends" for other customers making it even more accessible and interesting.   I love this idea and wish more resto's would follow suit.
3	I've been coming to Bauer since it opened and my last visit on Friday evening compelled me to finally review it. As many have mentioned, they have a great wine list and a decent cocktail menu. But, also mentioned by many others, the noise level is an issue at times. I'd never found it loud in the past, but on Friday they had a DJ spinning crummy beats, at 9:00 p.m. Many people were eating dinner and it made our table a bit too loud to enjoy conversation. I feel like it would be advisable to save the DJ and loud music until 11:00 or so, when most people are just having drinks and want a more bar-y atmosphere.As for the food, Bauer has several great dishes and has even recently updated the menu. My only complaint about the food is that the menu leans towards being a bit heavy, and lacks a good dinner salad, something that similar places in town generally cover well. The short rib gnocchi is always a favourite, as is the seafood appetizer plate (though that may be off the menu now). Desserts are pretty good, though they don't have much in the way of gelato selection.It's ideal for dinner, but service can be a bit slow around brunch and lunch. We went there for brunch a couple years ago and our friend ordered the freshly squeezed OJ. The waitress informed him that it was not fresh but bottled, and it still ran $5. Ouch.
5	Had a steak here and it was excellent. A full course meal is pricey for students - but its worthwhile if you get a chance.
4	My wife and I made a reservation for a Friday night to check out Bauer Kitchen for the first time.  We showed up early to have a beer at the bar and to take in the atmosphere a little bit.  We both really loved the feel of the place, dimly lit, dark woods, little rustic yet with a slight polish.  Bartender was very nice and friendly, quick to serve us and was able to suggest a beer that was really good.We were seated right on time.  We had trouble deciding on our meals, though the menu is small everything seemed very appealing.  While at the bar we had eaves dropped the special for the night however when it came time for us to order the special had run out.  Our waitress said she had never seen a special go so quickly.  We were given 2 rolls/buns while we made our way through the menus.  We decided on the poutine to start which was VERY good.  Not your typical poutine at all.  Reminded me of a mix between sausage and biscuits and poutine...again, very good.For mains my wife had the beef tenderloin with mashed potatoes and I had the braised short rib which was recommended by our very nice and patient waitress.  My wife was really impressed with the tenderloin, extremely tender and cooked to her liking.  The mashed potatoes could have had a little more pizazz in them though.  My short rib was good, very tender.  There was a sauce or reduction or something on top of it that put me off at the beginning, could just be my taste buds.  As I ate more and more the odd taste dissipated.  We would both recommend what we ate to others.Way too full for dessert so can't comment on that.  We will certainly be going back.  Total bill was $120 before tip, which got us the above plus a bottle of wine.  Happy with what we spent.
5	Delicious! Good atmosphere and great food!
3	I'm giving this restaurant 3 out of 5 almost exclusively for the design and service. For a place in Waterloo, this place exudes class and urbanity that is severely lacking in other restaurants. The service we received was great, good at confirming vegetarian options with the kitchen, and the wine list was well above average. The food was good, but it wasn't great. I ordered the funghi pizza and the vegetarian gnocchi, with a salad (all split with someone) and french onion dip to start for the table. The pizza tasted good, but the crust was very hard around the edge and the center was floppy. I normally compare pizza to Libretto or Terroni in Toronto as a baseline, and this didn't come even remotely close. As I said, it tasted good, but it wasn't outstanding. It was cheesy and salty and the caramelized onions were very flavourful, but it was more along the lines of something you'd order at Milestones. The gnocchi was also quite good, but the cooked celery kinda threw me off. It didn't taste bad, and the gnocchi (from vincenzo's down the street) was done nicely, however the dish didn't justify the $17 price tag. The salad (with roasted vegetables, can't remember the name of it) was actually really good. We mentioned that we would be splitting it and they brought out 2 half portions, which is always a nice touch. The French onion cheese dip was nothing more than a bunch of melted cheese mixed with caramelized onions. Again, the salty cheesy taste was good, but not original or outstanding. The dish relied on it's ability to satiate your pallet with sodium and fat and read more like a standard spinach artichoke dip than "French onion". The Charcoal Group seems to be locking down the KW fine restaurant scene. The proliferation of their restaurant brand is evident in the feeling of The Bauer Kitchen resembling a somewhat nicer Milestones. It's not chainy feeling in the same way East Side's is, it's chainy feeling like O&B (Oliver and Bonacini) or Milestones is - original decoration, but produced by the huge success of their other restaurants. There's nothing wrong with this, but it feels "produced" rather than a reflection of the owner or chef. I'm honestly excited about the new restaurant scene in KW. I visit family here a number of times per year, so having dinner options is always welcome. I think these places will mature, but some competition is needed to force the Charcoal Group to up the ante with their food offerings.
5	The food and service was amazing! Service:It was a semi-busy night and our waitress was attentive and came by multiple times to re-fill our drinks and ask us how the food was. When our food was taking slightly long, without us even complaining, the waitress and the manager came by at separate times to lets us know the status of our food and apologized. When our group finished the bread in the basket, they didn't hesitate to refill it.Food:I ordered the duck confit. Deliciously juicy, crunchy on the outside, sweet,and tangy.It was also my birthday dinner so the waitress brought me a free gingerbread cake with caramelized pears. Oh my goodness that cake was like eating in heaven! So yummy! I've also had their steak, roasted chicken, and chocolate cake in the past. All absolutely delicious.This is one of my favorite places to eat in Kitchener/Waterloo when I'm willing to spend a bit more for good quality food and service.
5	What a fantastic experience! From the great food to the service. The server even brought us champagne and dessert to celebrate my cousin's birthday. A++!!
4	This place is a great addition to Waterloo.I went there to have a wonderful 3 course meal. The appetizer was a bit on the large side, even to share. I would have made it half the size for half the price and more satisfied. The mains was good. Not particularly creative but good. And the Cocktails were fantastic. Watermelon mojito is just what the doctor ordered in this hot weather!
4	Very good looking restaurant with a classy vibe to it. A little more expensive so you should be willing to spend a decent amount on a meal. They have duck wings made with mill St. Coffee porter bbq Sauce. They are really saucy but are super delicious, and on Wednesdays they are cheaper. Overall great place I would definitely recommend it!
5	I've been to this restaurant many times now and it never ceases to please no matter the season. Most recently I was there for my university grad celebration dinner and I had what I would consider the best steak I've ever had in my life. The menu is great with an excellent assortment of items without being too large. Quality of food is AMAZING and I have yet to have anything there that hasn't been a delight for the taste buds. Service is consistantly good with no complaints from me. The restaurant features a lovely stone patio although it can be a bit windy at time due to its location. The venue has a beautiful and trendy interior with the atmosphere and crowd to match. Whether your here for dinner or one of the business mixers that is hosted here you're bound to have a great time with great food, drinks and company. If I were to have any complaint at all it would be that the price point is a little bit higher than I'd like but given the quality of food and the environment it is most definitely worth it!Oh and make sure you check out duck wing night on a Wednesday, the sauce is to die for!
5	The waitresses were friendly and we were well taken care of. They were able to work around dietary restrictions, and the bartender did an exceptional job on our drinks. It is slightly pricy but worth it. I had the trout special with maple glaze and everything was cooked to perfection. It is a nice place to take the parents, or to visit with friends to catch up.
3	This restaurant has an industrial decor, yet still maintains a cozy feeling with quite a good crowd for a Wednesday night. There is a extensive wine list and good beer selection, but I was driving back to Toronto right after dinner...so those tempting beverages will have to wait til next time. Three of us decided to share the pulled pork nachos, hoisin braised and glazed chicken tacos and baja tacos. Before the food food though, there came the bread. The warm delicous crusty rolls with herb butter. I'm drooling just thinking about it now. This would be the kind of place you want to fill up on the bread. The pulled pork nachos looked like nachos from any pub. I understand that nachos are nachos and there's no way of fancifying melted cheese on tortilla chips. But I expected more pulled pork, more chipotle sauce and cheese melted on each layer of chips...not just the top. The baja tacos were delicious but run of the mill crispy fish taco. The winner was the chicken taco. This taco tasted as if a banh mi sandwich and a taco had a delectable love child. The pickled veggies and non-pickled veggies added freshness and acidity to the sticky glazed chicken, balanced off by the lightly charred tortilla. I would definitely go back, but maybe gear more towards the pizzas. From what I tasted of the bread...these guys know their dough.
4	Beautiful, chique and cosy place. Has a great patio. Good to bring your date. But, the menu doesn't contain many foods and it's expensive!!
4	My boss took my co-worker and I there for lunch to celebrate our 2 year anniversary with the company.  It was a very nice looking place.  The waitress was very nice but soft spoken.    I could not hear the specials nor was I asked if I wanted a glass of wine.  Yeck, I could have but could not hear her.   The background music was a little too loud.   That is really all the negative things that I have to say.  I got steak frites for lunch and it was out of this world!!  My friend had gnocchi and my boss had the baja tacos.  The plates were very beautiful.  The extra money you spend was worth the experience.
5	I've never reviewed a restaurant before, but I really wanted to share my appreciation for this place. It is my favourite restaurant in Waterloo and the food is normally fantastic. On my most recent visit, one item was slightly less superlative than usual, and when I commented on this to the server the manager not only came to apologize but also gave me a voucher worth significantly more than I paid for my meal in the first place. This is the best service I have ever experienced, and in combination with the pleasant, sophisticated atmosphere and wonderful food I would have no hesitation in unreservedly recommending the Bauer kitchen.
4	I've been to Bauer Kitchen many times and have never been disappointed.  We take out of town guests here all the time, and more recently we've been going with our toddler.  They are incredibly kid friendly with a great (healthy!) kids menu, and as the restaurant is quite loud, this is to our advantage if our son gets at all rambunctious.   I have heard some say that the restaurant is "too loud", especially on evening weekends, but for us it's the perfect amount of loudness.  Great food, good wine, very cool atmosphere.
4	Amazing food! Very. Very delicious. Although the menu contained a lot of beef, I still managed to pick something very tasty, filling and non-beefy. Their house salad is perhaps one of the best I've ever had! Service was great, however I would have liked the booth to be more intimate.
4	We had a brunch stop you there today. Between the six if us, we ended up with a wide selection of dishes to try. Done ordered burgers, other nachos and even soup but I want to talk about the more traditional breakfast fare. The eggs Benedict were quite good. They were cooked to the appropriate degree of softness and the bread had a nice crutch to it. The home fries were a bit pedestrian though. The French toast, however, were very very good. The bread was soft with just the right body. They were not too sweet and my only complain is that I could have eaten a third slice. The industrial decor is very effective and the Caesar bar looks intriguing. Perhaps next time.
4	Of the many times I've visited TBK I have to say I have only had one less then perfect experience. The staff is always welcoming and gracious while the good creates a sophisticated twist on many classic local favorites. As much as I could go on all day about the food, it is only made that much better by the vintage distillery decor and amazing overly generous cocktails.
4	Dined here with colleagues while visiting the area. The food was excellent, great ambience, and the service was fantastic.
3	There is a lot to like about Bauer Kitchen. The beautiful industrial interior with touches of a barn/country motif. Menu items with slight twists like banh mi burgers and duck wings. But when it comes down to it, the food is good, but not great. It's missing the wow factor that brings me back to a place.We started with the hoison glazed chicken tacos with carrot, cilantro, daikon, etc. Pretty much all the things you would find on a banh mi. It had the tastes of a banh mi, but maybe could have packed more punch. It was solid, but not a must try.I tried to order the lamb special, but they were already soldout at 8pm. Too bad. So I opted to try the short rib instead. This was definitely a big piece of meat. It was very tender. I enjoyed the play on steak frites. The short rib was prepared like a roast beef with jus, horseradish and mushrooms. Problem with the dish is that it lacks balance. Not much sweetness or acidity in that piece of meat. Could have used a wine or more wine in the braising to bring that. Or perhaps a beet or fruit element. Maybe even the side could be sweet, but the fries were just salty as well like the meat. I loved that the piece of meat was big, but there wasn't enough sauce to accompany such a big piece.Had the white chocolate brulee for dessert. Definitely no complaints. I liked it, but I don't think I'll be talking about it after this review.I think the issue with the restaurant is they are more worried with appearing trendy than actually being trendy. They spent a lot of time on the modern space and they really pump the music up. Though if the food is great, you really don't need that. If I went back, I would probably try at lunch when it might be quieter. The evening is defintely for a younger crowd, like mid twenties.
5	Came here on a whim and was not disappointed. They make a mean martini and the appetizers were outstanding (only qualm was there were not enough of the calamari!) The Thai mussels were rich and infused with the curry/coconut milk flavors. I almost drank the remaining juices at the bottom of the bowl - they were THAT good.Had the Cochon burger as my main - this thing is not messing around: bacon jam, aged cheddar, pork patty, fresh made bun (in house). Everything worked off of each other and culminated in a porkgasmic experience that all burgers should strive to parallel. Finished off the meal with the Pear Cheesecake. Incredibly rich and thick with the subtle essence of pear pouring out of every mouthful. Not overpowering, definitely well balanced and perfectly executed. 10/10 would definitely inhale this dessert again. Also wanted to mention the ambiance. Not pretentious in the slightest, but not so casual that you see people in Hawaiian shirts and flip flops wearing a bib and wiping their greasy fingers with wet naps. Just a super cool industrial aesthetic with open kitchen and lounge design. Also pretty dope selection of beers on tap for those so inclined.If it is any indication of the quality of the other Charcoal Group establishments, these are definitely places to make a note of and check out if you are a foodie/culinary enthusiast.
3	I've been wanting to come here for a while and I finally found a reason to. They were very accommodating in fitting our large group and we were seated promptly. Drinks came fast for most of the table but a few were left out. During the course of the meal, the servers pretty much disappeared and could not see them in sight for 10-15 minutes at a time however when they did take our orders they came back quickly. I ordered an Old Fashioned to start off with and you could definitely taste the bitters, which was not necessarily a bad thing. For apps, I ordered the fondue, which was very heavy and definitely needed to be shared but probably wouldn't get it again as I'm not a fan of completely greasy and thick fondue. My main meal was the pork chops which had a ton of fat but the potatoes and marinade was good. Of note, other party members ordered the Penne Vodka, which had smoked chicken but all three said it looked and tasted like ham. Overall, it was a slightly underwhelming experience (maybe that's in part due to how long I've been wanting to come here) but the restaurant itself is really nice with a great patio.
3	A run of the mill western restaurant with decent food and drinks. Some of their items are unique, but most of them are just decent. I really like their duck wings... The items in my opinion are a bit over priced, and some of the staff are a bit pretentious.
5	The food is very good and the service is great.Recommend Appetizers: French onion fondue, Steak tartare, and the DumplingsMains: Braised short rib, All burgers, Duck confitWe will definitely go back again to try everything else on the menu
4	Enjoyed a really good meal here last night. Love the look of the restaurant.. Service was friendly and prompt.. The BTK salad is excellent.. Penne a la vodka was tasty also.. Was recommended a really good Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand that paired nicely with the salad. My friend enjoyed the Moroccan chicken.. Look forward to coming back here soon!
