1	Look...up in the sky...it's a bird...it's a plane...it's...it's...Deli Man!!!Who?Yeah exactly...Deli Man is the superhero that welcomes you to this mess of a fast food joint in Montreal's Deli Planet restaurant.Picture Applebees minus the bad food. Yes it is that bad!Now granted, the location I visited was directly below my hotel. In Montreal they have an Underground City, which comes in handy when the weather is bad outside. Oh and it was bad. On a -30 degree day in this beautiful city I went underground and came across this happy looking place.I was in the mood for bad food. By "bad", I mean "greasy,cheese filled and fun" food...not "wtf is this?" food.Anyways here is what I ordered:Appetizer: Nachos Macho. Yes that is what it is called. No I did not call it that to the waiter. I hate places that give their food items stupid names, I am not saying "fruity tooty fresh and fruity" at IHOP and I will not say "Moons over My Hammy" at Denny's! Just say pancaked or scrambled eggs dammit!Oh yeah back to my review...now while I love my nachos...but this big bowl of chips with melted cheese, salsa, sour cream and jalapeno was just a big bowl of yuck. It came out cold and the chips tasted stale. I told them that the chips were cold, they offered to "warm" them up. Really? Are you going to nuke this mess and bring back a Nachos Macho Soup? I said I was not happy with this and they just stood there with a blank stare. I said I would not pay for this and the guy just walked away. Ha!?Main Course: Ordered the BBQ chicken. Meh...not going to say it was the worse chicken ever...but it surely was not tasty. Maybe because they gave me a side of mashed potatoes and the genius in the back poured mounds  and mounds of gravy all over my plate. I mean I love gravy, but this was ridiculous. Besides my gravy pool being everywhere, it was not even that good.I skipped dessert (shocked?)...and paid my bill, minus the nacho chips. Told the woman at the front counter on my way out that I was not happy with them and to look at my table (which was in view) and said that they were still there untouched. She agreed...I paid...and left this joint.Au Revoir.
1	Drunk at 6PM, dancing midle-aged Women on Dance music!?WTF!I had munchies with friends and we were waiting for the next train so we ate there. Ok meal. Just average let's be frank. I took time to have somebody serve us. Just beside, people finishing work, people drunk at 6pm. Felt wrong. Funny thing is that they look like they have usuals. Which really struck me like a Loser's Paradise. Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against Loser,s Paradise, they're allowed to have their place too. Confort food, cheap price, waiting for the train and tired of Shish Taouk or General Tao? Could be a good tryout-once-in-a-lifetime-place. I wouldn't want to have to eat there again!  At least I know what this place's food I pass by everyday taste like!
3	Wandered in here the other day though I'd passed by it many times before. Had a spaghetti with soda. Decent though I wish they wouldn't drown the pasta in sauce. Service was very slow, only two wait staff people- not really acceptable when the place was so incredibly empty. Anyways, not bad but not anything to write home about.
4	I'm giving it four stars to counter the ridiculous ratings given below. The place is not fine dining. It's not meant to be. It's good food with good attentive service. I ate there with my wife three times before I even looked up the place on Yelp. True, the smoked meat is not corned beef or pastrami, both of which are not smoked but cured. The smoked meat sandwich I ate was plentiful and the meat was tender. Breakfast was comparable to any "diner" breakfast that I have had, and I am from New Jersey, the land of diners. The cole slaw, which I had twice was very good with flavor. The only thing I was unhappy with was that they didn't have ice cream for dessert. I was offered rice pudding or maple cake. I had the cake and it was so so.
