5	The Magic Wok is hidden in a strip mall with Bashas at the corner of Warner and McClintock.  It's facade may not be the most appealing, and the same goes for the interior of the establishment as well.That being said, they have the best Chinese Food in the Valley, and this is coming from someone on the East Coast.  If you're from back East, you know how hard it is to find good Chinese.  After 10 years of living in Arizona, I was resigned to the fact that I would have to settle on mediocre Chinese Food.  Words do not do this place justice.  We've since moved out of their delivery range, and it's now roughly a 30 minutes drive to their restaurant.  We tried three of the local Chinese Food take outs by our new house, and not one has come close to replacing the Magic Wok.  If you love Chinese Food it is worth the drive, even if they do not deliver in your area.  Taste:  ExceptionalValue:  FantasticPortions:  HUGEService:  Very Friendly (Family Owned & they always smile and ask how you are doing)Highly Recommended
3	I am a little surprised this place has so many stars. I thought the food was pretty average. It was a good value for takeout but nothing special. I like the fact that they have such a large delivery area. Overall, I think Chopstick Express is better for the same style of food.
5	I was pleasantly surprised!! The restaurant is very simple, and a bit antiquated, but the food was wonderful. I had General Tsos chicken, and we also purchased Sweet and sour chicken.  We got an abundance of food for the price. I am impressed and will be visiting again soon!
2	Right off the bat I want to admit that when it comes to Chinese food I'm spoiled. I've traveled to Asia number of times, eaten a lot in San Francisco, and explored the Chinese restaurants in Phoenix for a lot of years. I have learned to expect a more "authentic" type of Chinese food--the type of place that is frequented by actual Chinese people.Still, I love these little family run places so we checked this place out, hoping for the best. I wanted to like it, but I just did not like the food. The crispy chicken chow mien noodles were the type you get out of a can or bag, not the real thing. The other items were pretty standard Chinese-American fare. Honestly, I like Panda better, and it is cheaper. My stepson loved the shrimp though--said it was the best he has had since living in the US, so your mileage may vary. Others have enjoyed this place. The service is friendly and they deliver if you live in the general area. Portions are very large. If you are not expecting a lot you might like it better.
