4	I do like their shoes for my child. It is pretty pricey though so expect to shell out some money easily. The quality of their shoe lasts and I like that the soles for the originals and step and gos are leather. I've tried to buy other shoes for my daughter but they are either really heavy (really who wants to walk with bricks on their feet) or they just don't fit right. Her feet are very narrow and this was the best fit that I have found so far. Customer service has been on and off. They get really busy so you may have to wait for someone to help you out. There are only about 1-3 employees at a time so the best time to go is during the weekday if possible. They do get extremely busy when there's a BOGO 1/2 sale too. Overall, I like a pediped for my child but for the price sometimes I think that there's other options.
4	I believe we have been spoiled by Pediped.  When my daughter was an infant, I was reading a parenting magazine and found an advertisement for them.  I made my first purchase online, but then went searching for them in stores.  All the way into Anthem and I got talked into a different shoe.We responded to a craigslist add to be a tester.  So, my daughter, at 18 months, wore their shoes for one month straight.  When it was over, she got a couple free pairs of shoes.  They are such a good quality, it's hard to get other shoes.I was so excited when they opened their Henderson store attached to their business.  I was in different when they opened the Town Square location, but I should have known that was the beginning of the end for the Henderson location.  Now, it is my only option to walk in and try on the shoes.We really have tried to go the cheaper shoe route, but my daughter has been spoiled by the Pediped shoes.  She just doesn't like shoes without the appropriate support.  Now, she is 6 and coming close to the end of their shoe sizes.  I hear that they are getting bigger sizes in the fall.  Fingers crossed!The store itself is tiny without a register, which is kind of off putting.  They have a decent selection.  The couple of times I have been there, the staff were friendly and helpful.  Yes, they are more expensive shoes, but they last and are good for your kids feet development.  Love the memory form in the sandals.  The water shoes are so light weight and durable that they were my daughter's favorite shoe a couple of summers ago.
