5	My picks:Chateau Ste. Michelle Indian Wells, MerlotGrilled Steak & Cremini Mushroom FlatbreadGrilled Boneless Rainbow TroutMini Indulgences (you may need to try all of them)I am so glad to have another new restaurant choice at the Biltmore.  This restaurant is absolutely gorgeous inside and the staff is amazing!  This is sure to be an instant hit when they open to public on 10/25. I was stoked to get a sneak peak of this place and try a few thing before they opened.  Did I mention that everything on the menu is 475 calories or less?
4	Thank you, Seasons 52, for having me in for a special preview lunch last weekend... it was such a treat!I'd been to the Seasons 52 in Atlanta and had a great experience, so when I heard the news that they were opening a Biltmore location, I was really excited!  During my recent visit, I took a tour of the gorgeous new restaurant, which reminds me a lot of their Atlanta location.  It offers private dining rooms and even a room with A/V for business meetings... I also met some of the key partners of this Darden concept.  I actually sat next to Stephen Judge, their President, and learned a ton about the (100 wine selections / 65 available by the glass) on the menu from George Miliotes, Master Sommelier.  My favorite wine, from the eight I sampled, was the Aveleda Vinho Verde, Portugal 2009.  And as for the food, I didn't have anything I didn't like... it was all pretty spectacular.  Standouts were the Organic Green Salad with Oak-Grilled Mushrooms, Toasted Pistachios and Truffle Dressing (which I must mention arrives with a very unique presentation), and the Sonoma Goat Cheese Ravioli.  I'm not a huge lamb fan, but theirs was perfectly paired with mashed sweet potatoes... mmmm!As for dessert, Seasons 52 supposedly originated the "mini indulgence," which is a small portion (shot glass size) of "the real thing," dessert... in all of its decadence!  I sampled the Old Fashioned Carrot Cake and the fresh fruit, which were both delicious!  The other ones looked amazing too, but I couldn't justify eating anymore in one sitting.  I did see the custom "Mini Indulgence Cake," which features 18 of these mini desserts; perfect for a celebration!As Sarah S mentioned in her review, everything on the menu at Seasons 52 is under 475 calories, so you can dine guilt free...**Fun fact: You can find out which "Mini Indulgence" matches your personality on their facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/seasons52?v=app_125847674120672(I was fresh fruit the first time and key lime pie the second time!)****Seasons 52 will be open to the public on 10/25, and I look forward to returning again real soon!
5	OUTSTANDING!!!!!!!!!!! This place doesn't open up yet until 10/25 however my mother-in-law received an invitation from Seasons 52 via her Amex card. The waitress told us that depending on the type of card holder you are you either got invited to lunch or to dinner. We went to dinner, go MIL charging it up with the AMEX! The restaurant itself is very beautiful, dimly let and romantic. Think Houston's. We sat in a booth in the bar area. The bar is HUGE and had a mini grand piano in it with a girl singing her heart out. She was actually singing the song the hubs and I had our first dance to as we were being seated, its like they freaken were trying to romance us! Our waitress Megan was great! She was extremely knowledgeable and helped guide us through everything, explaining the wines, telling us about the concept of the restaurant, describing the dishes perfectly. We didn't get to see her too much as they had a full house, but she was by just enough that she never was annoying and we never were in need. Great service! THE FOOD! Oh man! It was all free with the invite from Amex so we really lived it up! Seasons 52's concept is really awesome. They only serve what is actually IN season and they try to use organic and local whenever possible, so their menu changes quarterly. Also they have a special side menu that changes weekly. For starters we got one of their flat breads, we chose one off the special side menu, it was artichoke and goats cheese with roasted red peppers. It was totally WOW! The flat bread was sooo thin, yet it held up to the ingredients and stayed crisp. We also ordered their caramelized crab and shrimp stuffed mushrooms, I don't really like mushrooms or shrimp or crab for that matter and I ate TWO of these suckers, they were wonderful. Next up were the entrees! I ordered the wood roasted pork tenderloin, it came on a bed of polenta and wilted spinach along with some cremini mushrooms. The pork was cooked perfectly and the polenta was to die for. Hubs ordered the roasted rack of New Zealand lamb, he said it was fantastic, I don't do lamb, they are to cute so I have no idea how it tasted. He ate the whole thing so it must have been good. My MIL ordered the mesquite grilled filet mingnon, it was accompanied with baby carrots, asparagus and mashed potato's, I had a taste of all of it and it may be what I order when we go back, it was all over the top delicious! We also ordered a side of the roasted golden beets with wasabi dipping sauce off the special side menu, I could have eaten these all night long and was kind of sad I had to share. I hope these make it on the special menu more often, they were so simple yet so amazing! Finally desserts and coffee! I had a regular decaf as it was well passed 8 and I am an old lady and cant have caffeine passed noon. Hubs ordered and espresso and MIL got a latte. All came out piping hot and very good. Then out came the tray of desserts, Seasons 52 has cornered the "mini indulgence" They serve little desserts that are about 3 or 4 bites big. We ordered SIX different ones and had fun trying them all. We had the Mocha Macciato, Chocolate peanut butter mouse, Pumpkin pie and ginger snap crust, old fashion carrot cake and finally pecan pie with vanilla mouse! They were all ridiculously amazing. My top two if I HAD to only pick two would be the pumpkin and gingersnap crust and the Pecan pie, HEAVENLY! The pricing here is very fair. Apps are under $8, Entrees are about $11-$26-ish and the desserts are all $2.50!!!! I can't wait for Seasons 52 to officially open so we can go back!
5	Thank you AMEX!  Was lucky enough to enjoy a complementary preview dinner here on AMEX.  I was thoroughly impressed by nearly every aspect of this place.The atmosphere is dimly lit, and very comfortable...as Kirstin E. said, think Houstons.  As stated, the bar is huge and unique in that they have the entertainer sitting behind the bar, with the bartenders.  The guy singing the night I was there was very good, and was not too loud that you couldn't converse (pet peeve).The whole staff seemed extremely attentive and courteous.  Seeing as dinner was free, our kind and attentive waitress Christi , encouraged us to try as much as we'd like, and we did.  They change their menu seasonally, and naturally they were on Autumn.  In addition to their seasonal menu changes, they have a side menu which changes every week, using the freshest ingredients available that week.  (Hence the name Seasons 52...)Started with:-Caramelized Crab & Shrimp Stuffed Mushrooms = Covered in toasted garlic and Parmesan cheese, amazingly tasty.-Artichoke and Goat Cheese Flatbread = Was the flatbread special of the week, and was delicious.  The flatbreads are extremely thin and light, yet packed with flavor.  Perfect appetizer for the table to share, for those that don't like to get stuffed prior to their entrees.-Chicken Tortilla Soup = Was the special soup of the week.  Delicious, southwest cumin flavor.  Not brothy, yet not thick.  I hate when tortilla soups are thick and cream based...this thankfully was not.Salads:-Two people at the table had salads (I did not), one Greek and one Arugula.  Both were from the "Small Salads" section of the menu...which coincidentally were not small at all.  Both said they tasted good though.Entrees:-Grilled Mahi-Mahi with ponzu glaze and rice & vegetables = Was the weekly fish special.  Perfectly grilled with a flavorful ponzu sauce, served over fresh snap peas and bok choy, along with steamed rice.-Cedar plank Salmon = Served on its own individual cedar plank along with fresh steamed veggis.  The cedar plank made the salmon taste amazing as expected...full of that delicious cedar smokey flavor.-Grilled Boneless Rainbow Trout = The tastiest entree at the table.  It was a huge piece of trout, grilled perfectly and simply seasoned.  They also grill a piece of lemon for you to squeeze over it, which adds a wonderful zesty flavor.Desserts:-Sampled a bunch of their "mini indulgences," the Meyer Lemon Pound Cake and Key Lime Pie were the favorites...but all were wonderful.  Love the size of these things.  I've never been one to eat much dessert, simply because I'm too darn full after a good meal to indulge on dessert.  But these are perfectly sized...and a great way to end your meal.-Even the coffee was very good too!All in all...I can't wait to come back and try more of the things on the menu when they officially open, going to have to pay for that meal though unfortunately!  Which by the way, pricing is fair and reasonable given the outstanding quality or food.  As the others have said....everything on the menu has 475 calories or less!  Proof that you do not need food to be unhealthy for it to be tasty and satisfying!Highly recommend you try Seaons 52 when they open on Monday!
4	I didn't want to write a review until I finished my special tasting.  It was very good, I only had a few problems...but we'll get there later.  This will be my first review since I have to go as a regular patron soon. This place has a very nice atmosphere and I love how they present their meny. Under 475 calories, but let's remember that's PER ITEM lol. that doesn't mean your whole meal will be reasonable.  You actually can go over your daily alotted calories ha! The tasting menu wasn't bad, I of course had to be the bad 'vegetarian' apple and ask for no chicken since a meatless dish wasn't provided. But they do have options for us veggies!Definitely give this place a try!
5	This place is wonderful! I was able to enjoy a sneak peek and loved every second of it. The menu was sensational and the wines were to die for. I especially enjoyed the staff! They were extremely knowledgeable and friendly. Our server was so sweet and charming. I will definitely be back when it opens (tonight!) regularly!
5	I was lucky enough to have a well-connected friend invite me to a preview lunch at Seasons 52.  I was very impressed by the service, the quality of the food and the decor in the restaurant.  What really makes Seasons stand out though were the desserts.  Each dessert was so small, just a shot glass, but what a shot they were.  I had the Rocky Road and it was creamy, chocolately, and did not leave me clutching my stomach 10 minutes later from sugar overdose.
5	My networking group has just started meeting at Seasons 52 on a weekly basis in one of their private rooms. The menu was great, the food delicious and the wait staff very attentive. I am so glad to have this new restaurant the Biltmore area. I will become a regular patron outside of my networking events. As an interior designer, I find the decor to be elegant and very pleasing without being over the top. Well done!
5	This place deserves a rare 5-star rating from me.  The food is great, and so is the service.  Price is about what you would expect at the Biltmore.Great service points:  1. The hostess asked for my friend's last name upon entering, and referred to him as "Mr. _______ " and to me as "Ms. Hughes" for the entire time we were there.  2.  Upon seating us, the hostess looked at my black slacks and replaced the white linen napkin in front of me with a black one (SO AWESOME).  3.  The first thing the server asked us is if we were under any time constraints to get back to work, etc.  NICE TOUCH for a business day luncheon.Things that have been said so far about Seasons 52 but deserve repeating:  1.  It definitely looks like Huston's inside, but it's a great vibe.  2.  Every item is under 475 calories!  There is no butter or deep fryer in the joint.  Therefore, the little dessert "shots" are a clever way of keeping dessert also under 475 calories. ;)Additional items:  1.  They take reservations.  2.  There are multiple rooms for private parties and/or large groups.If I had to change only one thing, it would be with the goat cheese ravioli that I ordered.  For me, the dough-to-goat cheese ratio was a little out of whack.  Meaning, far more goat cheese than dough.  I know that this execution of the dish is in keeping with the theme of decreasing carb intake, but it was A LOT of goat cheese.  The flavor was amazing, though, so I do need to state that this part of my review is based more on personal preference than on the chefs' skills.I do need to mention that they have a great-- and surprisingly varied-- soup menu.  Especially now that the weather is getting colder, I am definitely going back.
4	This beautiful restaurant just around the corner from us is a welcome addition to the Biltmore dining opportunities. It was PACKED the second night it was open and we were impressed at the decor and the LIVE piano bar with entertainment 7 nights/week. Our server,Megan, (happens to be my oldest daughter's name...) recommended a Flatbread appetizer that was just fantastic. "Seasonally inspired cooking with every item under 475 calories..." a quote from their menu. Because we are light evening meal people, instead of ordering the Fillet we ordered the twin tournedos and shared. Our "wine by the glass" was actually served by Megan from the bottle at table-side. It was a very pleasant "first time" dining experience and will become a regular for us. I have to give 4 stars for our first time there but I feel I will increase my rating after a few more visits.
5	After it's first couple weeks under their belts I came to try them out. And yes I'm one of those that prefer to sit at the bar and to observe how the operation runs, and I was very impressed. I will be putting this on my regular rotational stops for Dinner and/or Drinks. **** four stars. I'm adding one more for the friendly staff and the 'better that most' wine list. Not extensive (yet) but a good cross-section of world wines (except for New York State wineries, where there are over 300 now and do a huge leap above the rest in white wines in the country). I sampled four varietals and the Tempranillo Rioja was first class. At first the bartender hadn't seen us sit down, but after a few minutes he was friendly & attentive, who suggested an app of flat bread Pineapple & Chipotle Shrimp. Yes Delicious. Reasonable prices... a great 'date' destination. Loved how they had the piano bar, unique
5	Um.HOLY CRAP WAS MY BUFFALO BURGER GOOD!And for under 475 calories?!LOVE IT.Will return.  Wish I could return everyday for every meal.Service was a bit over the top/cheesy.  But whatever.The food was delicious!
5	Probably the best 500 calorie salad I have ever had... The BBQ Chicken Salad is an illusion how they make this salad for only 440 calories is insane.. I will be eating this salad four times a week, My wifes Quail was so rich with the whipped sweet potatoes at only 375... RIDICULOUS! The food and service are 5 stars, but the atmosphere feels quite corporate and forced, The live piano Bar in the Lounge is kind of creepy.. Just my two cents.. But if you are looking to shed a few pounds.. Seasons 52 would have to be on you rotation list with True Food, Blue Burrito, China Lite, and The Chili at Wendy's:)
4	I need to preface this by saying that this review was taken from 3 to 4 stars by way of dessert, but I'll get into that later.  I was invited to check out Seasons 52 last Thursday evening with a friend that I haven't seen in way too long and after checking out the menu online, it was a date! Seriously, google it, if your mouth doesn't water your a corpse.Everyone's really excited about the 'everything under 475 calories' thing and I get it...I suppose that is a pretty statement move on Seasons part. I will say that everything we had also tasted like it had less than 475 calories, and while that's not necessarily a bad thing, I wouldn't come to Seasons for a steak if you know what I'm saying.....(i.e. filet mignon deserves a butter bath in my humble opinion) That said, I decided on the Caramelized  Sea Scallops with asparagus and sundried tomato pearl pasta (errrrr, Israeli Couscous) and my dining companion decided on.......wait for it........The Mesquite-Grilled Filet Mignon with garlic mashed potatoes, vegetables and roasted mushrooms! Yep! I did actually get to try it and like I said, I wouldn't come here for a steak. I, however, am the snobbiest of steak snobs so take that for what it's worth. It also didn't look like a Filet to me, more of a well pounded out top sirloin. I'm not claiming any deception, it just looked odd. My scallops were quite tasty and even though I missed the flavor that butter searing produces I would definitely order them again. The asparagus and pasta were good though surely difficult to really 'mess up'. The wine list was decent and I'm impressed that Seasons offers alternative menus for those that are vegetarian/vegan or have certain allergies or intolerance. This is when secksi time comes into play and the reason for the fourth star. DESSERT!Chocolate Peanut Butter Mousse and Pumpkin Pie with Ginger Snap Crust. Holy mother these little guys were divine. Served in what appear to be shot glasses, this was the perfect amount of sweet and delicious for two people that just consumed probably the healthiest thing they've eaten all week. Very rich and heavy, clearly hitting the 'under 475 calorie' mark by size alone. The restaurant itself has a pretty standard chain look/feel to it, reminiscent of a slightly upscale Cheesecake Factory. The service was great. Our server, Samantha was adorable and bubbly and was armed with enough familiarity of the menu to answer our questions knowledgeably. All in all a good experience. I'd go back for a dessert and wine happy hour (or four) in a second.
5	This place is great!  I went a few months ago for the grand opening and decided to venture back to see if my first impression was still validated.... Absolutely!!! I love this place. Especially the fact that everything is under 475 calories. IMO, I don't think that anything tastes like it has been trimmed back for calorie content. I got a greek salad to start, my main course was the Fliet Mingion with mashed potatoes and rosted veggies. and the Rocky Road mini dessert. Delicious!!  For a Tuesday night the place was packed! We grabbed the last two bar stools and waited for 30 mins until a booth in the bar opened up. Next time I will definitely make reservations.
5	I wasn't sure what to expect since Seasons 52 has only been open a month or two and was thinking the decor would be more urban loft. But we were very pleasantly surprised. The decor is gorgeous - wood and stone and the tables were placed far enough apart so that you weren't competing with your neighbor's conversation. The service was also excellent.I had the wood roasted pork loin w/cremini mushrooms and it was cooked perfectly and delicious - the best pork loin I've ever had! My friend had the cedar plank salmon and she also said it was the best salmon she's ever had - and she orders salmon almost religiously whenever she goes out to eat. The mini desserts were amazing - so much taste and flavor in such a little package! I had the pecan pie and my friend had the carrot cake - both excellent.Seasons 52 also has a very nice wine list with plenty of single glass choices - something that is hard to find in some restaurants. I had the St. Hallett's Gamekeeper's Reserve '08 and it was excellent!I plan on going back in the very near future with additional friends in order to celebrate Christmas.I am thrilled with Seasons 52!
4	My wife and I enjoyed or experience here. The Buffalo Chili and Buffalo Burger were both very good. My wife had the veggie sandwich wgich she enjoyed as well. They focus on lower calorie menu items but that doesn't mean lack of taste with like most places... Service was good. Will definitely be back. Note: If you don't want to valet or pay for parking, park in back of the mall it's free.
3	I really really wanted to like this place.  The menu looks delicious, it promises to be healthy (nothing over 500 calories) and it looks beautiful.  I'll start with the positives.  The place is packed, (which is generally a good sign for me, that means the food will be turning over quickly), it has a lovely bar and a very nice piano player reminiscient of the Old Eddie V's heydays.  Then you order.  I like the quail breasts, the salads are quite good.  The flat bread is only okay.  It's not the lack of butter or cream, it's the lack of passion for the food.  It's as if you had a culinary student who was cooking becuase it was his final exam, and you didn't let him do what he wanted to do.  Once I learned that it was owned by the same chain that owns Olive Garden, I understood.
4	It was a toss up for me on whether I would give this place a 3 or 4 star rating and I think the only reason I hesitated on the 4 star rating was because this place feels like a chain and I am not a fan of chains. I prefer local, small business owner type of places but I decided to give Seasons 52 a 4 star rating because they really do a wonderful job with their food, their service and their concept.All menu items are 475 calories or less which is tough to do in big food America but Seasons 52 does a stellar job with their menu options and flavors - thank you spices instead of butter! I am a veggie/celiac which means finding food is always tough but Seasons 52 had both a gluten-free menu and a vegetarian menu. I opted for the Farmer's Market Veggies but switched out the tabbouleh for some corn cakes. The corn cakes were out of this world good. Kind of like polenta with herbs and then baked like a cake. The veggies were roasted or steamed and dressed with herbs, spices and a little salt. Yum.The rest of the table enjoyed their meals and the fish tacos received Rave reviews from two of the folks at the table and they loved the wavy plate that nestled each taco. So - Seasons 52 gets 4 stars because they do their food right!
4	The chef is to be commended. Considering there are no meal items over 475 calories, the food is delicious. I had the chile relleno appetizer with goat cheese and pico de gallo. It was perfect! I followed with the pork tenderloin entree and Wow!!!! Another home run. The service was a bit slow, but they were really busy so I guess it was worth the wait. I will definitely be back and I do recommend you try Seasons 52 for a special dining experience.
2	I've been twice and admit that several of my friends said their seafood dishes here have been great.  The wait staff has been eager, but somewhat unskilled.  They lack substantive knowledge of their wine and food.  The food itself has been mediocre.  I had the tofu platter once, figuring that a place billing itself as a healthful restaurant would pay particular attention to this darling of vegetarians.  It was painfully tasteless.  I had a turkey kebab on my second visit that was better but certainly didn't bowl me over.
4	Nice atmosphere. Extremely courteous staff. I had the Farmer's Market Vegetable Plate which was excellent, if not a little on the cold side. Not enough to complain about but enough to keep from giving them a five-star rating.
3	To be or not to be healthy, that is the question in this review.  The food I had was very good.  The place was packed for lunch and our service was descent.  The ambiance was ok.  I had the fish tacos for under 475 calories and an ice tea.  Now, do I want to spend $20 for a lunch that I could probably do at home.  I don't think so.  All the dishes use your typical flavor enhancers like some kind of hot or garlic when you can't add the "good" stuff like butter, cream, and cheese!  I think if I am going to go healthier when eating out I would prefer to go to True Foods or just go to a place I love and order better.  This place will make it b/c its location is perfect for the person lunching several times a week and trying to be healthy.  I would not mind going back, it just would not be at the top of my list.
4	While strolling through the Biltmore, we came across this restaurant.  I liked how the menu revolved around dishes that are lower in calories then most restaurants.  This didn't come with a compromise in taste either.  The service was very good both at the hostess stand (friendly) and with our waiter.  They were a little busier than I think they expected so the get the check took a bit, but you could see everyone running around being busy so no worries.I ordered the veggie sandwich.  It was quite messy and falling apart, but so worth it.  It was very tasty.  I didn't like how it came with a plain jane salad though with a little too much dressing on it.  I wish there were other options.  My hubby had the buffalo chili and after trying a taste we both agreeded that was one of the best chilis we've ever had.  We aren't in the area that often, but I haven't forgotten the restaurant and would like to return to try other items.
4	What a great concept, They successfully managed to make a calorie friendly menu without forsaking taste.  The menu changes with the season and they also have a weekly menu.I do think the deco is a little circa 1992, however my counter part rather enjoyed it.  Bar is huge and cozy, great happy hour I would think.  I had enjoyed the following less 475 calories dishesMussels - nice red sauce and cooked perfectlyFlat bread:  I had both the Reuben and Chipolte shrimp with crushed pineapple, WOWCab Chicken - nice healthy, great flavor, came with golden beets which I have not had before, very pleasant surprisePeanut butter and Chocolate mini dessert and Red Velvet Cake miniThe FlatBread I have to say is hands down the best alternative to pizza, I will never fill guilty again! Not to mention blows  fast pizza out of the water.There is a great assortment of salads, sandwiches and entrees.  The wine and cocktail list is on point.  I was happy to see the place was packed on a Saturday at 2.  Most places have started to die down.  I had been there when they first opened and they were sparse.Service was a bit too friendly, I know are server was just trying to do his job to I got respect, Ask for Cole, he will pay attention to you and seems to know the menu.  I think the restaurant is a new start to a food trend I can't wait to see.  Having focused on my loosing weight and being a foodie, the two don't really go hand and hand - This is a great way to enjoy a night out, without feeling like you wasted the time you spent at the gym.The flavors are all there and with a changing menu it offers an opportunity not to have the same thing twice.  I would really like to try dinner as I have only been there during lunch.  This will become an easy default place to go to in the area.Bonus:  They offer black napkins, I think a lot of places over look thisFactoid:  Great place for big parties and they have oddly perfectly set tables.  There wine glasses are the correct ones and there seems to be an attention to detail.
4	I'm enthusiastic about any place that manages to both be conscious of the caloric values of what they put on the plate AND the variety and tates of foods offered. And that's what Seasons 52 does.Nothing on the menu goes above 450 calories or so, and the server will guide you on real values.The menu changes through the year, focusing on what is truly in season (thus the Seasons 52). I had the flatbread for lunch and found it delicious and filling at only 400 calories or so. The service was quick and the surroundings were nice. Back in 1992 I was a starving student, so I don't recall how "nice" restaurants looked back then. Maybe they looked like this?I think we need more of this. It's a health-conscious restaurant that doesn't seem like penance. I plan to go back.
4	My boyfriend and I recently started a very strict, low-calorie diet so we were really excited when we heard about this place!! I had previewed the menu online so we had an idea beforehand of what to expect and the food did end up being very good!!  We only got to try the salads with grilled chicken but it was still very good.  Everything else on the menu sounded delicious!! The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because they didn't list the calories on the menu or have a list available.......I would have loved to see this.  Honestly with all the hype for the 475 calories & under I expected to be able to ACTUALLY see the calories somewhere on the menu.   The only other thing that was slightly annoying was the server didn't seem to be toatally up to speed on the menu but again this would have been solved by simply just listing the calories....she was VERY polite and attentive otherwise. :)    I do have to mention that the interior of this restaurant is very elegant and comfortable.  It's a very large place but still manages to feel cozy from your table.  We sat in the dining room but we could see through to the bar and it looked beautiful!! Plus they have a piano player BEHIND the bar--very cool!!  We were also pleasantly surprised at how fairly everything was priced....I mean in a world where you can go next door and get a (nearly) $20 plate of  squash (no thank you True Food) it's so great to find a place that doesn't rake you over the coals.  We will definitely be going back here soon to try some of the other things on the menu!! I can't wait!!
3	The atmosphere was great, except for the hour and a half wait (but I guess what else should I expect on a Saturday night?).  The food was very forgettable.  It wasn't terrible and if you are looking for the right atmosphere (such as a power lunch), this is a great place.  As for the food, lower your expectations.
5	OUTSTANDING. I went to lunch with girlfriends. We split 2 appetizers and boy was I hooked. The chipolate glazed shrimp were so good I called after lunch and got the recipe. I ordered blackened fish tacos for lunch they were not only delicious but I couldn't beieve that the whole plate was less than 475 calories. A must do.
4	Great flatbreads and atmosphere
5	I had my first Seasons 52 experience while visiting Florida. I loved it then and told the folks as we were leaving, please open a place in AZ. To my surprise they did!  Mr C took me here as a birthday surprise. From the moment we walked in everything was perfect. We sat at the bar, and enjoyed lovely wine that was very well priced. The pianist behind the bar was great. We then took our table, and James, our server, was just great. The food was amazing. The bottle of wine we ordered was great and reasonably priced! The desert delish! One of the best dining experiences in a very long time. I just wish they had one on the west side, near arrowhead or in Surprise.  Seasons 52 does it right! I highly suggest giving this place a try!
5	It is so rare to find a place where you can sit down, eat a delicious meal, and leave,  feeling both healthy and happy.  Seasons 52 fits this bill.  Every single item on their menu has under 475 calories!  I actually had to ask the server to ensure that any plate I ordered would have less than 500 calories on it (as opposed to ordering a plate that is actually two servings and has 1,000 calories... restaurants are sneaky!).I came here for lunch with a friend of mine and ordered the Green Chile Relleno and found it extremely tasty.  The Chile was fresh and not too spicy, the chicken (in the relleno) was well-marinated, and the chile had just the right amount of cheese, enough for good flavor, but not enough to make you sick.  My friend ordered the blackened fish tacos which also looked delicious.  A nice thing about eating here for lunch is that they ask you if you are in a hurry.  So many places don't care that you are taking time out of your work day to visit their establishment.  The server was fast and the food came out quickly. This is a great place for a power lunch, and I will be bringing my husband here for dinner.
4	Just like my favorites in Fort Lauderdale & Tampa this Seasons 52 serves up the BEST FLATBREADS I have ever had!!!.....those plus the signature shot glass desserts, ( peanut butter/choc.mousse), are standouts worth the trip!!......the 475 max.calories per entree is appealing, the bar scene quite cool, but the rest of the menu could use a little pop...........
3	The ambiance, service, and wine list here are amazing! But sadly, that is where the amazing stops. If I were rating on service alone this place would easily be 5 stars. I also love that the appetizers are all under 475 calories - that's pretty fantastic. What I didn't love, is how they tasted. We ordered their steak and crimini flatbread, it came out kind of burned on the edges and the meat was super dry. Tasted a bit like fancy cardboard. Then there was the cioppino (an Italian tomato based seafood stew), usually one of my favorites. It's supposed to have hints of white wine and garlic, but that was nowhere to be found. In fact I think I detected an undertone of canned stewed tomatoes. This may or may not be the actual truth, but it sure tasted like it had a case of the Cambell's. My friend had the duck salad. She said it was equally lackluster. Culinary highlights included the crab-stuffed, bubbly-cheese covered baked mushrooms. YES they are as good as they sound. Oh, and the shot-glass desserts. Sinful but just a shot of sinful, and that makes it okay! Super low-light - the piano player/singer in the lounge. Let's just say, you do not want to be there when she covers the Beatles, and if she tries to bust out any Blondie... run.
4	Came here again for a Saturday lunch with husband and the baby.  The staff did a great job getting us a table away from the hustle and bustle where baby could eat his Cheerios in peace, and I didn't have to worry about the waitstaff spilling anything on him.  The food, again, did not disappoint.  We started with the tomato, rosemary, and parmesan flatbread which was light, crispy and tasty.  Husband and I both ordered the Vinho Verde from the chef's picks.  The wine was light, crispy and just a tad sparkling.  It was the perfect complement to a warm, sunny, Saturday afternoon.I ordered the blackened fish tacos and husband ordered the chicken shwarma kebobs.  The fish tacos were fresh and spicy.  I really liked them, but felt they kind of went overboard on the lettuce (which I just picked out, and then enjoyed them just fine). My husband really enjoyed the kebobs, which came with a spicy mango chutney and side salad.  The mango chutney was a nice compliment to the chicken.  The side salad came with pumpkin seeds which added a nice texture to the salad.We ordered the chocolate and peanut butter mini indulgence which was tasty and just the right size.  We left feeling satisfied, but not overstuffed - I LOVE that!  This place will definitely be added to my regular rotation of restaurants.
4	They had me at "Hello." Seriously, I love a Host Staff that actually looks happy to see me. :) We're off to a great start. The decor is rich and comfortable. We dined al fresco. The thick foliage and large stone water-feature provide a private, quasi-resort feel, but the large office buildings in the background remind you that you're Uptown.Our Server presented their concept. They are a seasonal restaurant and their Menu changes 4 times each year. Currently in their Winter Season, the Spring Menu debuts March 15, 2011. In addition, they have 52 specials each year, and thus the name Seasons 52. She said all the meals are under 450 calories. I'm sure that doesn't include dessert. ;)Winter Menu Favorites: Spicy Chipotle Shrimp Flatbread with grilled pineapple, Feta cheese and roasted poblano peppers.= AHmazing! The Boyfriend enjoyed the Buffalo Chili. And the One Shot Dessert display for the sweet tooth. Lots of rich decadence in smaller, not too much guilt sized portions for $2.50. Posted pics of lunch.
3	Yes, everyone loves this place...right? Well, I liked it and will be back. In a community where Seasons seems well embraced, I think I'll leave my only know. The service was a bit below genuine "good service" standard. In a town loaded with top chef's and foodies to follow, I like the places where the staff shows genuine passion for the product they serve. These folks seem to have a job and do it as told. Maybe Season's needs to offer their team more to get excited about.
5	Wait, a restaurant with a seasonally changing menu and your entire plate comes in under 475 calories and it's not some weird little hippy place in a strip mall? Yep, that Seasons 52.I'd heard great things about this place and so when I was in Phoenix for a few days and had the chance for date night with my wife, I jumped at the opportunity to check it out.We got there about 6:00 on Friday night and the hostess told us that it would be a 45-minute wait for a table, but that if we wanted to eat in the piano bar, we could grab a booth or barstool right away and still order from the full menu. Well say piano bar, and you don't have to ask me twice! We took a booth and settled in to enjoy the sounds of the piano player and check out the menu.Our server was extremely helpful and told us about the concept and that they would be switching to the Spring Menu in another week or so.We started with an appetizer of Chipotle Shrimp which had four large grilled shrimp in a very tasty sauce.I ordered the Salmon which was grilled on a wood plank and came with asparagus and carrots. My wife had the grilled Mahi-Mahi with vegetables. Both meals were incredible!The final part of the meal is dessert. Wait, dessert at a place that's supposed to be healthy? Yes, it's true! The desserts are not large, in fact the entire serving comes in a shot glass. My wife had the key lime pie and I tried the Rocky Road. The taste was amazing, and the small size just made you savor it more and gave you enough of the flavor to satisfy any craving you might have without feeling overstuffed.Now as to the restaurant itself, the place is beautiful! First of all, its at Biltmore Fashion Park so that tells you right away that this is a place you want to be. There is a large dining room and a back room. Everything is done in nice light wood and it has a modern, yet traditional feel. The bar area sort of reminded me of the way the old Houston's used to be set up across the street at the Esplanade and I love the fact that they had a live piano player.Overall I can't say enough good things about Seasons 52. If I was in Phoenix full-time I would make this a regular hangout!
5	FRESH (in season ingredients), FLAVORFUL,  healthier alternative without sacrifice!!!!! YES!!!! CheckFood (overall) GREAT!  CheckGood: Garlic Chicken Flatbread.Tasty, awesome price and perfectly satisfied me:  Spicy Tandoori Chicken Skewers w/ fresh mango chutney & cucumber herb raita (normally I don't like chutney but the mango was so fresh and flavorful I DEVOURED it) and normally with organic mixed greens salad (but I was hankering for the Kalymnos Greek Salad and they were fabulous to switch it for me).Perfectly cooked, tender, mouth-watering w/ a kick-y drizzle of the chipotle sour cream:Grilled Buffalo Steak w/green veg trio, fresh corn, roasted mushrooms and chipotle sour cream.Drinks good.  Check Ambience FAB!  CheckNicole (our server) attentive and great!  CheckHostess friendly!  CheckOther restaurant staff who delivered and made our food perfectly to our specifications!  CheckDefinitely will go back, thanks!!!
1	Like other chains, Seasons 52 is impersonal and cookie cutter. Prepare for a long wait that isn't worth it... 50 mins waiting and that was with a reservation (first told they were 15 min behind on reservations, at 35 mins we were told they didn't know how much longer the wait would be even though guests arriving without a reservation were being told it was a 45 min wait). So first tip would be to just not bother with setting a reservation here.  Though a nice menu selection and good flavor, the low cal gimmick is the hype and draw. Overall there are local chefs that are doing amazing seasonal and organic dishes with a more personal and attentive approach. They are far more deserving of our business than Season 52.
4	I'm usually skeptical when a restaurant claims to have very healthy food that's under a certain amount of calories because the food is either, A. Served in kiddies sized portions so you end up snacking later on in the evening anyway, or B. Dull and flavorless.And I'm happy to report that Season's 52 was surprisingly good! Very well sized, flavorful portions! Here are some highlights of my experience at Season's 52:- VERY reasonably-priced- fresh, seasonal ingredients- crisp and well-seasoned veggies (the asparagus was omg good)- excellent menu variety (highlights were the trout and the sea scallops - both were HUUUUGE - they didn't skimp on the scallops at all)- healthy- yummy appetizers (get the stuffed mushrooms)- too tasty to be under 425 calories!!- wonderful, attentive service- great wine selection- scrumptious mini-dessertsThe best part is that you can reserve your table online at opentable.com, to avoid the wait. We had ZERO problem with our reservation as we were promptly seated upon arrival on a Saturday night. Yes, it is a chain, and yes, the interior resembles a dressed-up Olive Garden. However, despite those two qualities, Seasons 52 decently delivers as a middle-of-the-road, quality restaurant that will fit quite nicely into my go-to dining out rotation.As far as healthy eating in the Biltmore area goes, this place is 10 times better than it's overly trendy (and overly awful) healthy food restaurant neighbor True Food Kitchen.  At Season's 52 you get excellent service, and a MUCH tastier menu with a variety of choices that put True Food Kitchen's menu to shame. Plus, you won't walk out spending as much!
3	First, let's put something to rest shall we and agree on one thing - Phoenix has seasons. It may not be known to the rest of America, but it's not all dry heat. At Seasons 52, their menu changes with the season of what's fresh in the market.WHY GO THERE? 475 calories for your main course - and pretty much all on their menu. It's dining without the guilt of fattening yourself up. The serving portion is just enough, with no room for leftover.WHATCHAGOT? We were there for lunch. The garlic chicken flatbread was seasoned well but left much to be desired with the little morsels of white meat. The buffalo burger was satisfying, and the grilled chicken skewer tasty. Though food was shared, I bet I exceeded my 475-calorie intake.YOU GOT SERVED. The waiter was friendly and prompt. What I don't get is the maitre d' who told us 15 minutes wait unless we opt for bar seating? Five minutes we were seated on a booth, and noticed there were several tables that were empty.  Really now? Creating the illusion of waiting does not make a restaurant hot in any season.
5	I loved this restaurant. My grandma wanted to go here because she is trying to lose weight and her weight loss doctor suggested our family come here for dinner. It is such a great concept for everything to be under 475 calories. Most restaurants should be serving food the way they do, only certain amount of calories, seasonal fresh and local foods at affordable prices. We sat in the bar area that was seat yourself and also has large booth seating and there was live music by a piano player which was a nice touch.We had two flatbreads for appetizers which were great.I had the seared sea scallops for an entree, which were cooked to perfection with the perfect amount of pearl pasta and asparagus.We shared a bottle of wine as well and had mini desserts.My mother, sister and grandmothers food was excellent as well.I cannot wait to go back and try more of the menu!
3	I really, really, really want to give this restaurant five stars, however, at the end of the evening, I became sick...you know...contaminated food type sick.I did love the experience in the restaurant, however.  (Not to be confused with the bar, which was lacking in attentiveness.)  Sean, however, made up for the poor experience we received in the bar when we got to the restaurant.  He was very attentive, very conscientious, and very friendly.I really love the concept.  And my meal (scallops) was so delicious!  And the dessert...OMG...the dessert!  I had three!  YUMMY!Even though I became sick, I will try it again.  There were enough good experiences to entice me to return once more and give it another try.
4	Love the idea of sensible restaurant food/portions. Went for lunch and had the blackened fish tacos and for 475 calories, I had 3 decent sized tacos that were good and spicy. The portion was like you would expect at any restaurant, but I didn't have to feel guilty after cleaning my plate. At the end, they come by with shot glasses of different desserts - I had the Meyer Lemon shot glass or whatever they are. Good and tart, and just the right amount. We went at lunch and the place was full. The waiter was attentive - he never let a drink go empty and constantly refilled our sodas. Enjoyed my meal and would definitely go back.
5	My husband and I recently went to Phoenix for the weekend, and we ate at Seasons 52 since I had heard about it and we don't have one in CO, although we should!! I loved this place! The idea of having a menu where items are under 475 calories was awesome, because we like to go out to eat where the menu items are healthy, and so we didn't really have to worry about the nutritional content of what we were eating. The food was the best I have ever had from a restaurant, and the service was excellent!! They had live music, which was definitely unique. The only thing I would suggest, is err on the side of more dressy, because we looked it up here before and saw that it said casual and showed up a little under-dressed. The ambiance was awesome though. They have this cool fire pit thing when you walk in that looks neat. Overall, an excellent experience. If I lived closer, or there was one in CO, I'd go a lot!!
3	I applaud this restaurant for keeping the calorie count down, but I thought the food was kind of boring for the price. I was hoping for a more innovative approach to healthy cuisine - I had fillet which was well cooked, but the side of steamed vegetables were boring and made me feel like I was trying to diet.  Some of the other fillets on the table were overcooked. Also, I think it's lame that this restaurant boasts a sommelier at all - the wine list is weak. Don't even bring up that you have a sommelier working for the chain - it matters that you have knowledgeable staff at the actual restaurants who understand what's on the menu. Also, the few "recommendations" I've tried have been fruit bombs. I'd eat here again if someone really wanted to try it, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here when there are so many other options out there.
2	i don't get it.our service was no bueno. our waiter rarely came around and kept forgetting things. also, they tried dusting our booth in the middle of our meal. i thought that was extremely tacky, it wasn't even close to closing or anything. they just felt like dusting over our dinner? they claim to be super healthy and fresh, but start to ask questions about the ingredients and freshness and you'll find out everything is rubbed in sugar and everything is frozen or pre-made. i went with the pork with haricot verts. i ordered it medium but it was well done and very dry. he sat my plate down and immediately said 'they over cooked it, would you like me to take it back?' 1. why would he bring it out if it was wrong?2. obviously, he didn't want to fix it or he wouldn't have even brought it to me....so i didn't send it back and i just added some salt to help it out. and i didn't want to wait another 30 minutes.so the price, combined with the food, and the bad service- i won't be going back.
4	Every two weeks I meet with a group of friends at Seasons 52. We get to dine in Biltmore Fashion Park and we enjoy a tasty menu of beautiful healthy food for around $10 bucks a plate (some for less).The service is consistently outstanding and that's not easy to do with a large group. The food is served on time, it's always hot, and it never disapoints.
3	I love the idea. Local food when possible, portion control, no butter on anything, and the food is actually pretty good. Their food changes with the Seasons so their menu is ever evolving. The few times I've been there I've had the Tiger Shrimp Pasta which was really good, the Scallops, which were also very good, and some kind of chicken dish that was average. I think what I enjoyed the most was the Flat Bread Appetizers, they were delicious. Be careful though, just because the meals are supposed to be healthy doesn't mean you can over indulge. I would rate this place higher, but they don't serve local wines which they really should. Arizona surprisingly has some wonderful wines. I also learned they were owned by the same company that owns Olive Garden, Outback, and Red Lobster. Automatic discount for that.
5	Food is delicious AND healthy. Also, the bartender made great drinks and was super friendly and attentive.
3	The Family and I went back here on Saturday night. The food is just as spectacular as it was the first time we went! The service however was just not good. Our waiter seemed dazed and confused the whole time we were there. And slllllow. He also forgot stuff, I ordered a second glass of wine mid dinner and it never came, and I was never given the option to remind him because he did not come back until it was time to clear the plates! We sat at our table, all of us with empty plates for a good 10-15 minutes with out anyone coming by to clear them. We just sat there. Not cool, and its not like he was in another section, there was a table he was at 3 separate times that was directly behind ours, he just chose to ignore ours. We will go back as we do like the food and atmosphere and hopefully the service will improve.
4	A beautiful Friday afternoon at the Biltmore Fashion Park . . . we're hungry! Do we go for decadence at the Cheesecake Factory or healthy food at True Foods . . . aah, we spot Seasons 52, and I look it up on Yelp! Great reviews so we decided to give it a whirl! The patio, although small, was just perfect . . . intimate and comfortable. It is set away from the parking lot, so you don't feel like you are at a big shopping center patio with cars and fumes passing by. I love that every menu item is under 475 calories, and they all sound interesting. My dining companion ordered the Farmer's Market Vegetable Plate with spring snap peas, grilled ponzu tofu and toasted almond tabbouleh. The tofu was yum! Even more yum was the tabbouleh with its mildly sweet taste. I could have eaten that just as my meal. I ordered the day's special flatbread -- Smoked Scottish Salmon with creme fresch. It was delicious and huge. I don't know how it came in under 475 calories, but if they say so, who am I to question it. The flatbread is about 5 x 13, plenty to share, so I ended up just eating the smoked salmon and leaving a good portion of the flatbread. The service we received was outstanding! Our waiter was very patient with me as it takes me a long time to make up my mind, especially when I haven't had a chance to peruse a menu in advance of going somewhere. I'm always the one who says, "take everyone else's order first and come back to me" and often, I still haven't made up my mind . . . As much as it pains my wallet to have to go to Biltmore Fashion Park to shop (hee hee hee), I think I can now find another reason to head in that direction. More importantly, I will have to find someone to go with me who will share one or two of their Mini Indulgences for dessert, but again, I'll have a hard time making up my mind which flavor. Aah, if life's problems were only that simple! Bon Appetit!
3	Craving a power lunch in the Biltmore area that falls under the 475 calorie mark? Seasons 52 is your place. The interior looks like a Craftsman-era architect went on a bit of a rampage. (I imagine the ghosts of all of Frank Lloyd Wright's architects walk the place at night, Night at the Museum style.) Expect a bit of a wait, I've never been seated immediately. They (unfortunately) have been known to lose reservations, so call the day of just to make sure you're all set. I ordered the Spicy Chicken Chile Rellano, which came stuffed with tangy goat cheese and was served with a side of corn cakes. It was tasty and filling. My coworkers ordered the spicy fish tacos (three tacos to an order, two dipping sauces, no sides) and a grilled salmon salad (the greens are kept within a tube of plexiglass, which is dramatically pulled away at the last minute to keep them crisp). But, don't get too attached to those menu items: they change every season. Their "specials" also change weekly, 52 weeks in a year=Seasons 52.
4	Great concept for dining out - every dish under 475 calories all made with seasonal ingredients! I had reservations but was told it would be a few minutes or choose open seating at the bar. We opted for the bar and turns out the live piano player and her beautiful voice were a perfect complement to our meal. The food was fresh, tasty, and beautifully presented. I had the lemongrass salmon salad. The lettuce is placed in a glass cylinder which is removed once the dish is placed in front of you. The moist and flaky salmon filet was cooked with a piece of lemongrass through it. The ahi tuna salad also received good reviews. The wine list was so-so. Anytime you put that a wine is from California but doesn't state where in California, I'm a bit suspicious. But the BEST part of the meal had to be the dessert portion of the menu. All seven mini-indulgences are actually presented to you at the table and you can choose directly from the selection. Each mini dessert comes in what looks like a double shot glass so it's only a few bites but since I lack a real sweet tooth, it's just the right amount. And if you can spare the calories, you can order a few different selections as I saw other diners doing. Our choices: the chocolate peanut butter mousse (FANTASTIC!!) and the carrot cake. Our server, Hillary B., was friendly and knowledgeable and even has her own business cards! Overall, a great place to for a pleasant, healthy meal (as long as you don' t order multiple courses and glasses of wine). Would love it if this chain comes to the Bay Area sometime soon.
5	My wife and I live in Chandler, but Friday night we were near the Biltmore strolling around and came across this business.It is truly a special place . The atmosphere was warm and inviting, and you just couldn't help but to feel the rich (in more than one sense of the word) culture and surroundings.We sat at the bar for a drink and the first thing I noticed was a pianist and her piano on the middle of the bar on the side where the employees work. She did a mixture of tunes and was quite talented.Our bartender was more than pleasant and even asked us a couple of personal questions, none that were too invasive.I ordered a midori sour and asked me to make it fairly strong. He sure listened! Was nice to get a drink that wasn't watered down for only $8.He also refilled my wife's water glass about 3 times.Although we didn't have the whole experience of a formal server and meal, I still have no hesitation in branding my 5-star mark on Seasons 52
4	Not going to try and act like a food critic here! If you are looking to try this place, then you already know about Seasons 52. Wife, daughter, and myself came here on a Saturday for our wedding anniversary! I had their chili, and buffalo burger. I was amazed how moist and good the burger was. Wife and daughter had flat breads! Over all place was very good and if you are looking into eating healthier. Place is a good choice!
4	For me Seasons 52 is like getting a cheat code for your favorite video game.  Sure it allows you to save the princess but it doesn't quite feel like you earned it.  My meal, the Salmon, tasted so good that I needed quite a bit of prodding to be convinced that the entire thing was under 400 calories.  I mean 400 calories should taste like cardboard and thistle.  This was downright pleasant.  Eating good just got a lot easier.Don't let the steakhouse decor fool you.  There's no creamed spinach or fatty porterhouse here, just a festival of flavor that is untainted by unnecessary grease, butter, or excessive meddling.
5	The concept of a seasonal menu is great, especially at Seasons 52 where they have a weekly seasonal specials menu that changes each week, hence the 52 in the name. Also each menu item is suppose to be portion-size appropriate and 475 cal or less. Sure butter and olive oil make food taste good, but it's nice to eat this and know that healthy meals can be made incredible tasty without the added cooking fat. We started by sharing the goat cheese ravioli appetizer and a salad with arugula, roasted beets and almonds.  Their drink menu is pretty impressive too with many wine and beer options and mixed cocktails. For our main entrees I got the scallops and my man got the trout. Both were delicious. We finished the meal with a sampling of their mini indulgences desserts, which are served in a shot glass. P.F. Chang's does this too and it's a nice idea. You get a little something sweet but it's not this huge heavy dessert at the end. Our server Stephanie was very nice. She also took the white bean soup off our bill without any problems when we realized upon arrival to our table that it was cooked with ham (which we don't eat and it wasn't mentioned on the menu). Nice decor inside too, slightly rustic-contemporary and a nice open floor plan. Oh, and they validate parking too, since you have to pay in the lot out front.  Thanks!
5	under 475 calories for each dish....that is amazing! it just proves that you can have phenomenal, simple, yet healthy food and still feel full. we shared the yellow beet salad (delicious) and the ravioli app (again, delicious). then for my entree, i had the trout. it was so smooth and tender, i can't believe they didn't use an ounce of butter to cook it. the asparagus and carrots were expertly al-dente (i think that's how you spell it). my girls scallop dish was just as delicious. seared and tender just perfectly. we absolutely couldn't leave without trying a mini-desert dish. the pecan pie was heavenly in every scoop as was a (shared) key lime pie. a great restaurant. it's too bad it's a little on the pricey side. what would be great is to have a place like this so more people could see what good, healthy food can be. overall......best restaurant food i've had in a long time!
3	Seasons 52, as the star rating indicates, is A-OK. Our hilariously sarcastic server was the surprise highlight of an otherwise unmemorable dining experience. The interior is darkish and attractive, if a litlle ho-hum. A piano sits in the center of the bar area and there is live music nightly, though our dining companions who had been there before described the setup as "loud and awkward".Tucked away in the main dining room, our little group of four decided to order a number of items for the table to share: Thyme & Parm Crispbread, Garlic Chicken Flatbread, Artichoke Stuffed Artichoke Leaves, Crab Stuffed Mushrooms, and the dinner-sized portion of Goat Cheese Ravioli. Everything was palatable, though I couldn't really recall any particular dish without taking another peek at the menu. I appreciate the 'under 475 calorie' approach, but unless you limit yourself to one item it's really not much of a dietary coup.We each ended our way-over-475-calorie meal with a mini indulgence: Key Lime Pie, Pecan Pie, Peanut Butter Mousse, and Bananas Foster. I have to admit the shooter sized portions are ingenious and all were absolutely scrumptious (with the exception of the Bananas Foster, which was sugar-free and had that unpleasant sweetener aftertaste).All in all, we had a pleasant dinner, but I most likely wouldn't initiate a return visit. With so many other standout options in the Biltmore area, for me, A-OK just doesn't cut it.
5	I dined here last night for my 33rd birthday and I was impressed!!  Everything was outstanding and healthy to boot!  I had the Wild Copper River salmon and it was delicious.  My Mom and Dad both had the lamb chops and they were so good they wanted to order more!!  The individual portioned desserts were just right and a great ending to our meal.  Service was great and I'm so glad I picked this place for my birthday dinner!! We will be back!
5	Wow, i came here with my friend for lunch on Saturday. I can hardly wait to go back. All dishes are under 475 calories. I wish i could eat here everyday. The Decor is very nice,dark wood and smells wonderful in there. We had  pizza on flat bread with Roma tomatoes for appetizer. It was so fresh and smelled incredible. We both had fish. I the White Sea Bass and my friend got the Salmon. Both were incredible !  What a wonderful find!!   Our waiter Frank was also wonderful and knew everything about the menu and was very attentive. What more could you ask for. This is my new number one choice.     LOVE LOVE LOVE it!
5	Not a bad thing to say about Seasons 52. We sat in a booth next to the kitchen, noise level was moderate @ 6:30 and we enjoyed the piano player. We started with a smoked salmon flatbread - gorgeous, light and delicious. [Mirrasou '09 Pinot Noir and '08[I think] Greg Norman Chard on the table]. For dinner, the Lovely had beef tenderloin served with mashed potatoes and asparagus and and a amazing sauce. He was swooning. I had a Wild Caught Copper River Salmon served on a corn risotto with asparagus, roasted red pepper and a dill sauce on the side that was both perfectly cooked and perfectly delish. We both agreed that the portion size was perfect and were both extremely happy with our entrees. Dessert - the mini mocha macchiato [vanilla bean mouse/chocolate cake/coffee mouse topped with caramel] and coffee was cherry on the top. Nice wine list, sweet waiter - thanks Alan - wonderful food portioned perfectly. Really a very fine A+ experience.
5	Factasticly consistent with always something new and fresh to look forward to.
5	My dear friend treated me to a Retirement Celebration yesterday and our experience at Seasons 52 was extraordinary!  We had the ultimate server- Ken- who was informative about menu choices, intuitive about dietary restrictions (my pal is a Vegan), an absolute delight and catered to our every need.  We toasted with a lovely bottle of Cava and paired it with a Tomato Flatbread that was crisp and light- perfect for a hot summer day.  My friend ordered the delectable Vegetable platter and I selected the special- a Copper River Salmon with corn risotto and asparagus- both recommended by Ken.  All I can say is mmmmmm.....delish!  We couldn't say no to dessert and indulged in the individual Chocolate Peanut Butter Parfait.  No matter the "season"- whether a 115 degree summer day or a crisp fall day- I am sold on Seasons 52.  Ask for Ken- he will make sure your dining experience is truly a treat!
5	My dear friend and I went to Season's 52 for lunch.  Ken was our server and he made the whole experience especially wonderful.  Great food, comfy booth and very pretty surroundings.  If you go, ask for Ken.  He is personality plus and he will make sure you enjoy every minute of your dining experience.  I love the menu and its variety of choices to suit various dietary preferences.
2	Food was not good... and we were hungry ! Deco is outdated. Service was good. But really the food was tasteless and not appealing .
3	So I finally got to Seasons.  It's weird, I was waiting for it to open because I loved the concept, then I wait this long.  I can't explain why.  Anyway, I made reservations for early, like elderly early, on a weekend night due to my dining companion's plans.  So we got there, the place was probably about half full, and they go to seat us at a table in the dead center of the room.  WTF?  We asked to be moved to one of the 3 open booths we saw in the dining area, and were told that they couldn't move us because they were "reserved".  Annoying, but we moved into a booth at the bar.  The decor was kind of dark generic chain steakhouse style, and there was a piano with a piano player in the bar.  This or the 6pm seating time may explain why it was full of olds.  I mean, nobody but us under 45.  The server came very promptly to talk to us, and immediately I sensed some sort of nervousness or maybe just weirdness, because he seemed discombobulated and giggled a lot.  It took prodding several times for him to take our order, because he had a penchant for walking up to the table, inserting himself in our conversation, and then forgetting that he was our waiter and that he's there for a reason.  But he was nice enough for the casual type of place it is- definitely not fine dining.The concept of this place is really cool- I like to eat healthy, seasonally, and knowing the calorie counts of my food is pretty important to me.  This is why I'd go back if I felt like a dinner out but not accidental consumption of 2000 calories because the restaurant injects their food with butter.  The food I had was so-so.  We started out with the tomato basil flatbread because we were told it was a specialty.  It was meh.  It gets a pass for being under 475 calories, but if I'd ordered it at a full-cal restaurant, I would have been disappointed by its blandness.  I also ordered the vegetable plate, which I did like.  I think it changes seasonally, but it had a mini corn on the cob, some baby carrots, a couple of broccoli florets, some turnips (may have been parsnips), some quinoa, a couple of baked tomatoes, and a small piece of glazed tofu.  What surprised me about this was the lack of flavor.  I cook low-cal all the time but it has flavor.  This was literally like a bare steamed broccoli floret, bare steamed carrots, etc. BUT when I got home and looked online, the sodium was off the charts.  I don't know how that happens.Again, I'll go back but only because I'm always on the lookout for healthy, calorie conscious food.  Definitely not a "destination" for me.
5	EVERYTHING ON THE MENU IS UNDER 475 CALORIES!  That itself is a feat let alone making the food taste good and Seasons 52 succeeded on  all counts.  I am use to going out for dinner and realizing that I can only afford to do it Friday or Sat (once a week) because chances are I'm about to eat 3000 + calories on delicious food at a fine restaurant and I don't want to get so fat I would require wheel chair access (no offence people who are actually handicapped or fat due to genetics, I'm sorry its not your fault).  So finding a place like this that actually has amazing food that's healthy is AMAZING.  I had the buffalo burger which was delicious and full of so many flavors as well as the Basil and Parmesan cheese flat bread, my dining mate I was with had the Farmers Market Vegetable Plate which can be described the following ways, adorable, ambrosial, appetizing, choice, dainty, darling, delectable, delightful, delish, distinctive, divine, enjoyable, enticing, exquisite, fit for king, good, gratifying, heavenly, luscious, lush, mellow, mouthwatering, nectarous, nice, palatable, piquant, pleasant, rare, rich, sapid, savory, scrumptious, spicy, sweet, tasteful, tasty, tempting, titillating, toothsome, well-prepared, well-seasoned, yummy. (yes those are synonyms for delicious).  The servers were also GREAT and full of valuable and helpful information, our server was Madison M. I remember because the servers have business cards which is cool as well as unnecessary (although now I feel i have to ask for them next time I go in, which is fine because they were great).  Super excited to try the many other menu options as soon as possible!
4	This place was great! Everything 475 calories or less?!?!?! That means I can have 4 things and still eat healthier than I would by getting a value meal at fast food. (I wouldn't though). There is a different special menu every week, hence the 52, to showcase foods that are in currently in season. I love this restaurant concept. The decor is very dark, yet comfy. Reminds me a bit of a supper club without the large round booths. There's also a few private rooms which would come in handy for a lovely bridal shower, work meeting, birthday party, etc. I'm always on the look out for great restaurants with private rooms. My coworkers and I had lunch here. They both had a cup of buffalo chili to start. I kind of wish I had too because it smelled awesome. They both said it was great. It's made with black beans rather than the usual kidney. I love black beans and hate kidney. It really looked like it was just meat in there. I'm glad I didn't get it though because then I'd be too full to work the rest of the day. I ordered the chicken chile relleno with spinach, goat cheese, and corn cakes. Yum!!! I have no idea how this deliciousness is less than 475 calories!! Soooooo good and sooooo filling.  Not too spicy either for those who like food on the tame side.  My friend got the pork taco flat bread and said it was amazing. My other coworker got the mahi tuna salad and it looked awesome. He said it was great. We were slightly tempted to try one of the mini desserts. The cocktail menu was tempting as well. I look forward to coming back here not during my workday to indulge.
4	This restaurant was excellent.  I attended last night with a few friends and was very pleased with the wine list, and food selection. The service was great and the atmosphere was friendly and busy.   Having a restaurant that is conscious of serving healthy food (within a calorie range) is definitely appealing to the guest and the food selection was outstanding.  I appreciated the change of the menu and wide variety of options. I was a little disappointed they didn't have a happy hour menu, but there were some very good wines that were priced reasonable.
2	Boring.  Uninspired.  Generally sauce-less, which means the meat courses are plain and dry.  The salmon tastes like styrofoam.  The filet is flavorful but they use low quality cuts.  The veggies are simply steamed.  No doubt the options are healthy, but at the sacrifice of flavor.  When I pay this much to eat out, I want to taste it and enjoy it.
3	I love the concept of Seasons 52. Healthy food, a menu that changes seasonally, and weekly specials based on what the restaurant can buy fresh. But the beauty of the concept's theory leads to its big downfall. The food is not bad, but it's also not very memorable. Everything on the menu is under 475 calories. That's great considering most restaurant entrees usually are closer to the thousands, but it also leaves you yearning for more flavor. We started with the garlic chicken flatbread. It was pretty good. Very garlicky. But Seasons 52 is supposed to be "known" for its flatbread. If this is one of the chain's signature dishes, I really would've hoped for more. We had the Salmon and Halibut as entrees. Both were cooked perfectly and had a decent taste. But both plates consisted of fish surrounded by vegetables. It just looked and felt like a bunch of stuff thrown on a plate. I could've done this at home with very little effort. Maybe if the vegetables were pureed and made into a sauce, then this would've have felt like it was worth paying to go out. I'll give Seasons 52 one thing; dessert was awesome. We had the chocolate peanut butter moose and key lime pie. Desserts are put in generous sized shot glasses and only cost $2.50. Hard to say no to that! The decor is a little out of place to me. It feels like the ambiance is trying too hard to tell you that this place is high class. The brick and fireplace look screams steakhouse, and doesn't really fit with a theme that you are eating lighter, healthier meals. I don't know how Seasons 52's other locations are decorated, but unless this is a consistent look, it's almost as if the place is trying to justify that it's in the Biltmore. The waiter was pretty good. Brett was honest about dishes he liked and didn't like. He also had a lot of energy and was always around to promptly clear plates and refill drinks. Sometimes it actually felt like he was sticking too close to our table. I didn't hate Seasons 52. I like the idea behind it, but there's lots of room for improvement. If you're looking to stick to your diet, but not in the mood to cook, then its worth a try. But there's too many good restaurants in and around the Biltmore for me to want to rush right back.
5	Love this place!  I have eaten here about 4 times now and each time I leave with a positive experience.  Servers are always polite and attentive.  I love that they are a calorie conscious restaurant.  Every dish I have ordered has been delicous and in my opinion, the prices are very reasonable.  One of my favorite places to entertain clients.
2	Our server was great! He was on the ball and friendly, and he did not judge us when we didn't order drinks!The shrimp & clam soup was very good. The small deserts were pretty good - definitely a great size. I wish though that they offered other options besides the small individual servings.Our entrees were bland. In order to stay under the 475 calorie rule, they have skimped on many spices/additions that make meals so tasty! Also, the filet was very large - I would have rather had a smaller cut with more taste!We will not be going back on our own, however, if someone we are meeting would like to go there, then we will not complain.
5	Mr C and I came in for lunch since we were out shopping at the Biltmore. Sat at the bar, and had great service and great food. I love this place and think its just awesome.  The food, wine, and desserts are delish.  We had the Goat Cheese Ravioli and the Chicken Chile Relleno and both were amazing.  This is a place worth the time to get here if you live in a far off land as I do (Surprise)
2	So... I like the idea of a restaurant that is calorie conscious, without sacrificing taste. Initially, I though Season's did a reasonable job executing on this - particularly with the crab/shrimp stuff mushrooms and key lime pie. During a separate visit, however, I had a less than desirable meal - bland sandwich paired with an equally bland salad. I'm only letting this fiasco moderately impact my star review as I was there for a group lunch event (preplanned menu). I think the sales staff / management could have done a better job planning the menu to tempt the 30 non-regulars to come back for more. They failed. If you do go when the weather cools down, check out the patio for sure.  The inside is a bit too large and dark for my taste.
5	My husband and I loved this place. It keeps things simple by telling you that all the items on the menu are 475 calories or less. This way you can just order and relax and noot sound like " could you pls just put my dressing on the side, grilled instead of fried pls, ect."  Our waiter james was awesome-  prompt and funny. Last thier piano bar singer was phenomenal. Will be back as soon as we can convince a family member to watch our kids again.
2	I will not return to this place.  I went here for a business lunch and I guess I didn't understand the restaurant's concept.  I appreciate all of the items being under 520 calories, but I want my food to taste good and fill me up at the same time.  Because of this, I asked the waitress what the most filling item on the menu was.  This was the grilled chicken caesar sandwich.  Not very good and kind of smelled like rubber.Anyway, maybe this place is better for dinner, but I wont return.I do like their idea of having a seasonal menu though.  They switch the menu out for fall, winter, spring, and summer.  Good idea.
5	I eat here three or four times a month and it is always excellent. Service is quick and friendly. The food is always excellent.
4	Just visited Seasons 52 for dinner tonight during restaurant week. The salmon was amazing, tasted a bit of the filet mignon which was very well cooked, and the quail too. Yum! Had the corn soup and it was a perfect compliment to the tomato flatbread. Tasted the chocolate and peanut butter desert...couldn't have asked for anything better.
3	Seasons 52 is enjoyable, but still mainstream enough to bring your cracker in-laws to without freaking them out. Plus, every dish is under 475 calories, and both plates I've ordered have completely filled me up.Rewind back to "every dish is under 475 calories" for a second, though...Let's do some basic math:You order an appetizer to share (300 calories, split), an entree (400 calories), and an individual dessert (300 calories).Congratulations, you just consumed 850 calories in a meal.Bottom line: This place is definitely healthier than pretty much every other chain restaurant on earth, but that doesn't mean you can truly indulge without undoing your diet. Basically, if you order an entree, and nothing else, you'll consume less than 475 calories. It's a good concept, but it's easy to forget that the calorie limit is per dish, not per meal.
4	Goat cheese stuffed ravioli with less than 475 calories??? Yes please!  Seasons 52 is a refreshing change from the typical Giant corporation restaurant.  It still stands out as having a big chain vibe with the large busy restaurant, standard booths and tables , giant portions and fancy host seating machines.  I'm not against big chains, but for the most part I avoid them because they are relatively uninventive and rarely have new menu options.   This is not the case at Seasons 52. The menu changes with the season and the food is portioned appropriately, allowing you to enjoy multiple courses without a guilty conscience. Our meal started off with tomato flat bread. It was simply an extremely thin crust pizza in the shape of a rectangle. It was okay, but lacked salt.  Next I ordered the soup of the day which was a creamed corn without any cream.  It was incredibly tasty, and I was impressed that they managed to obtain a creamy texture and consistency without cream or milk! For the main course I ordered the goat cheese ravioli served with veggies and a tomato stock.  It was excellent.  It is served as two fist sized raviolis stuffed with herbed goat cheese.  It seemed like a lot of cheese, but when combining it with the vegetables and broth, it was divine! For dessert we tried 3 different mini indulgences: Key Lime pie, Pecan pie, and peanut butter mouse.  Between the two of us we could not agree on a favorite, but they were all fantastic!
2	If you like salt...you'll like Seasons 52.   After my wife and I dined on the flatbread, scallops and trout, we were convinced that in order to add flavor to their reduced calories, they poor on the salt.I read a few reviews here that mentioned bland taste.  Possibly the management read the same reviews and asked their kitchen staff to open the salt shakers?   It really spoiled what could have been a nice experience.And skip the salads.   Very over priced for what amounts to a plate of mixed greens and little else.  IMO, True Foods does a much better job.On the pro side, the restaurant is very nicely designed with a pleasant atmosphere and good lighting.  And the wait staff was attentive and polite.
3	The food isn't bad. I'm not sure how many places you can get quail, and, you know, it was tasty.But this whole "we only use seasonal ingredients" is kind of a load. It's not like Seasons 52 is using local produce or organic meat. "Seasonal ingredients" simply means the produce they buy is in season, which also means it's cheap. That would be fine if the savings were passed on to you, but they're not. I'd be curious what their markup is. This place is pretty damn expensive for what you get.The whole low less-than-850 calories thing was nice. Portion control is a good thing, and my meal was filling. Just wish I didn't have to pay that much.
4	Great food, upscale so be prepared to dress the part. Portions are a nice size especially for the calories, always have dessert--must have! My fave is the lemon flavor dessert
3	I always past by this place but this is my first time trying it.  I had the Tuna Crunch Salad.  It was good but nothing special.  It was for lunch and I was in a hurry so I didn't have anything else.  But the flavors and textures weren't that special for the price.
5	I would eat dinner here every night if I could. On each of my last two trips to Phoenix I enjoyed a 475 calorie dinner that was tasty and filling. Some folks seem to think that a meal must be covered in "Country Gravy" in order to be filling and worth the price. I disagree. Just the right amount of high quality good tasting food - works for me!
3	mmm hmmm. Been four more times. Four. That was because we liked it so much the first time. I hesitated giving it three stars since the last three visits have been less than stellar.For our most recent visit, I forgive them the kitchen staff coming out and serving during restaurant week. Well, kind of.  But it was the lovely's birthday. Service was ridic - our server asked twice - once taking the order then coming back out of the kitchen and asking again -  how he wanted his steak cooked, presumably because the kitchen doesn't like cooking it med/well. Which I get but too bad - he's the customer, and thats what he wants. Sheesh and then by all means give him the stink eye because we love that! My usually perfect Maui Crunch salad arrived drenched in dressing. Couldn't finish it. Server brought over the mini desserts and went into her schpiel without asking if we actually wanted dessert. When we informed her that we didn't, you'd have thought we just abducted her cat. Seriously? And the cherry on topa that little sundae?? Four times at least while we're drinking coffee she asks if we want anything else. By try number four, she doesn't have to ask us to leave, we want to.Unfortunately, we've had similarly poor service mostly. The food, wine, atmostphere and overall experience are, as a general rule really good. But as we went for a birthday and an anniversary, we wanted a consistently good experience all around and we just haven't gotten it. We'd be going this weekend but we're just not interested in being disappointed.
5	This place is my NEW FAVORITE place to dine in Phoenix. The food is delicious and guilt-free. The staff at Seasons 52 guarantee that every meal is under 500 Calories... I'm sold!The whole menu changes four times per year... with the seasons... ;) and there is a side menu that changes every week.... hence the "52." I had scallops with asparagus. They were perfectly cooked and I knew I could eat the whole meal without reservation because it was within my daily caloric intake :) But then again we had to get an appetizer (their cheese breads are like flat pizzas) and dessert!This is now THE place I recommend to out of town guests and to the boyfriend for date night.
4	Ate at the bar...place was hopping.  Good food.  No beer on tap but carried a lot of local selections.  Thoroughly enjoyed it, had a couple of appetizers for dinner.  Ahi tuna roll and black bean soup.  Both were excellently done and well plated.The live piano entertainment behind the bar was very good as well, I'd definitely go back.
5	Awesome Healthy menu! The staff is awesome making sure you have a great dining experience. I would definitely recommend Seasons 52 to anyone looking for great food and a great atmosphere!
5	I went here for lunch today and was really surprised at the reasonable prices $8-12 and the exceptional HEALTHY food.  I had the fish tacos which were really tasty and a small dessert.  Everything on the menu is under 475 calories.  They had hamburgers, ravioli, tacos, etc.  A lot of variety really.  They also had cute tasty desserts for under 250 calories i think?  Bottom line reasonably priced food that is healthy, cant go wrong.  A very swanky atmosphere too, made me feel important and all grown up :) he he.  They get a lot of old women and lawyers by the looks of the place.
3	Nice place, really nice.  Kind of old school, but I can dig.  I heard great things about this place.  Needless to say I really like their concept.  The menus are based on the Seasons.  I attended with the Winter Menu.Overall, food was okay.  There wasn't any flavor wise that busted out and punched me in the face.  Very simple, but I enjoyed it regardless.  I ordered a burger and a side salad.  Our appetizers were mushroom stuffed crab and shrimp - very salty, but was good.  Can I say their plating is phenomenal.  I rather enjoyed looking at my food more than eating it!  Service was another phenomenal experience.  They take your name from the beginning and the waitress will refer to you by you name from there on -- Thank you Jillian! - Enjoy!
5	After I had made reservations at Seasons 52 i did a little research and found out what they were about.  their menu consists of meals that are under 450 calories i believe, which is a neat concept.  When we arrived for our reservation we were early so we waited at the bar and had wine.  they had a woman playing a piano and singing which provided a nice atmosphere.  The lighting is kind of dim making the menu a little hard to read but not to bad.  I started to get a little upset as it was past our reservation time and we hadnt been seated.  I got fed up and was about to go ask them what was going on when the host finally buzzed us. He sincerely apologized for the wait and gave us our first appetizer on the house!! I thought that was great cause it showed they care about their customers.  As a free appetizer we had the stuffed mushrooms which were amazing!! they had such great flavor and was an explosion in my mouth!! For an entree i ordered a special that they had which was a surf and turf that wasnt on the menu and was not under 450 calories but was so worth getting!! they gave me a six ounce filet over garlic mashed potatoes with three stuffed jumbo shrimp and asparagus!! Needless to say i was in heaven.  We didnt have dessert but we were so stuffed after our meal we couldnt make room.  ONe of the best dining experiences I have had.  Will definitely go back again!!!!
3	The food was phenomenal! The Seasonal Gyro Flatbread was huge and tasty! I never would have believed 450 calories could be so yummy and filling. Crispy tuna salad included a heaping of perfectly seared tuna, grilled pineapple chunks, fresh local greens, and nuts and veggies masquerading as salad crispies. The tiny dessert was just decadent enough to help me feel like the cat that ate the lo-cal canary.      However, the pacing of the meal and the professionalism of the staff left much to be desired. We arrived @ 7:25 for our 7:30 reservation. 'We don't typically seat when one arrives this early.' Early...are you kidding? 'Our reservations are running about 20 minutes behind because of overbooking by online services.' Like the OpenTable that we used to make our reservation.' We don't like those.' So now we're getting yelled at for forcing Seasons 52 to accept reservations from OpenTable. As a frequent diner, I didn't realize so much responsibility was involved. We were seated just before 8. We received our entrees after 9pm which felt late to my belly for a 7:30 reservation. We were thanked over and over again for our patience. Evidently our decision to remain seated was mistaken as feeling patient. As a dining party we felt hungry, disrespected, and taken for granted.
4	Very healthy menu, had the stuffed mushroom app- salmon salad and medallion prime rib.  Everything was super Fantastic and super filling!!!
5	This place is great. A nice restaurant in the Biltmore area where everything is under 500 calories - but doesn't taste like it? What's not to like?I've only been here two times, but each experience has been great! I ate at the bar about a year ago and had delicious salmon during a dinner date. I went back last week with a girlfriend for a lunch and had the blackened fish tacos - amazing!Considering I live and work down the street from here, I need to come here more often! Great place for business lunches and dinner dates.
5	Wonderful. Well executed on all courses, appetizer, salad, entree and dessert.  I had the sea scallops and they were great.
5	Love Love Love! All you need to do is order dessert here. It comes in small shot glasses & the flavors explode in your mouth..
5	Excellent overall experience. The service is awesome. The value when considering the food quality, portion sizes, ambiance,  and service is tremendous. The wine list is huge and the glasses are generous. The menu is diverse and healthy, without being overwhelming or pretentious. Our wait staff was a little unorganized getting us seated, but took care of us in the end. Great selection of deserts, small and inexpensive the way they should be. Word of caution about reservations - they seem to run late. Highly recommended for just about any occasion be it causal, romantic, business, or even formal.
5	Wow
5	Delicious food and all low calories. We had the artichoke stuffed artichoke, goat cheese raviolis, scallops w/ pearl pasta, and penne shrimp pasta, it was all amazing!  The menu changes seasonally so you have to find new favorites but it's definitely delicious.
5	Love love love this place. It's a very healthy place to eat and always has awesome food and awesome service!
5	A  very nice find. Great menu with food to match. They boast that every meal is under 475 calories which usually means there is some sacrifice when it comes to flavor, not the case at Seasons 52. I had an Arugula salad and Ahi Tuna main course and the Rocky Road for dessert. The desserts are pretty darn neat I must say I wanted to try a couple of tem! Everything was very tasty and our waitress Natasha was on top of everything. Very refreshing. The atmosphere is very classy yet modern. You'll be very satisfied choosing Seasons 52.
4	I had been wanting to try this restaurant for about a year and finally got to go there to celebrate my birthday!  This is a beautiful restaurant!  The atmosphere is very warm.  I made a reservation for four of us and were seated about 5 minutes after we got in.  Our server was extremely polite and professional.  I asked her for a suggestion for a drink.  She suggested the strawberry basil martini.  It was not strong at all and I prefer a stronger drink (please don't judge me)!  Next I tried the pineapple hawaiian martini.  Loved it!  It was extremely refreshing and not too weak or too strong.We ordered the steak and cremini mushroom flatbread.  I would order that again!  Next I ordered the Tiger Shrimp pasta as my entree.  The shrimp was well seasoned and the pasta and veggies were very lightly dressed.  I prefer and heavy unhealthy sauce, but this is not the place for that.  Entrees are under 475 calories I think.  So if you want a great place to have a healthy meal, this is the place.  I did get a free dessert since it was my birthday.  The desserts are tiny individual sized portions that are beautifully displayed.  I chose the one that was most like tiramisu.  I was delicious!Afterward, I had a drink at the bar with a friend and once again, we received excellent service.  Its nice to go to a restaurant that still values their customers!
4	Seasons 52 has a secret vegan menu! It's not particularly extensive, but at least they're aware that vegans are, in fact, not just the stuff of legend. They offer choices like ponzu-glazed tofu, cranberry almond tabouli, and farmer's market-esque vegetable penne. Go you, Seasons 52, go you. On an unrelated-but-equally-positive note, Michael was the best waiter known to man (honestly, i usually don't even notice restaurant staff), and I'd like to thank him for helping my boyfriend ask me to prom via a shot glass of rocky road cake. High fives all around.
4	It is really good. Love the fresh local ingredients and changing menu. I also love the that you know how many calories (more or less) that you are eating. The food is delicious. You won't be disappointed. It has good ambiance. I would recommend their great  tasting flatbreads. Staff is great and they take reservations!
4	Wonderful.  This is a cozy atmosphere with dark wood and booths.  Like a casual version of Capital Grille.  I love that they have a piano playing at night.  It is so hard to believe how healthy the food is as it is delicious and filling.  I have been here a couple of times and enjoyed everything.  One time I got the tiger shrimp and pasta which was fabulous!  The snow peas and broccoli were crisp and fresh, the tiger shrimp were huge and the flavor was phenomenal.  All of it was in the most delicious light sauce.  Another time, I split a flatbread and got the spicy tuna sushi - and that was excellent as well.   I especially love those little desserts - mmmm!  So far I have tried the peanut butter, rocky road and key lime pie and they are all exquisite.  The service is mediocre but, everything else is wonderful.
5	I wish there were a branch of this fabulous chain in Cleveland!  Seek them out wherever you are!  The under 475 calorie deal on everything brings you in and the food keeps you coming back!  Salads - entrees - the four-bite desserts - sigh wonderful.  We sat on the patio and it was like a little vacation in itself.
3	Love the concept. Each item on the menu (the entirety of the plate) is under 475 calories. New, healthy me, wanted to absolutely love this place. Reasonable me ended up liking it, but found it was too expensive for what you get.We ordered chicken skewers as an appetizer, each had an entree and each got a dessert shooter. We wanted to try the full effect of Seasons 52.I had the lamb t-bone entree with truffle mashed potatoes and asparagus. I liked the lamb, the potatoes were good, and the portions were surprisingly not tiny given how the dish is under 475 calories. My wife had a salmon dish which she liked, but didn't love. We finished off the meal with a dessert shooter, which is a fun concept, and was pretty tasty. Service throughout the meal was good and attentive, if not a tad over the top towards the end.My issue with this place is the price. We ordered one soda (I had water), one appetizer, two entrees and the two mini desserts, and after tax and tip our bill was $85. I'm 100% OK with spending $85 on a great dinner, but the food was neither good enough nor filling enough to justify that price. The dessert shooters were only $2.50, so it's the entrees that kill you. I suppose if we'd avoided the appetizer and gotten slightly less expensive entrees (my lamb was $26 and my wife's fish was $23), it would have been more reasonable...Still, $85 gets two people a great meal at a lot of places, including an appetizer and dessert. Considering that we weren't drinking that night, the bill just seemed too high for what we got.Again, I love the concept, and the food is pretty good, but I'm hard pressed  to spend that kind of money on food that's neither exceptional nor completely filling, in an atmosphere that doesn't warrant their price points. I could see trying this place for lunch, but I don't think I'll be back for dinner anytime soon.
5	Hubby and I went for his birthday. He had the Veal porterhouse and loved it. I had the Citron chicken. I loved mine. Once again, everything was just perfect. Service great, food fabulous and the pecan pie dessert, heavenly!! Really, you  have to try this place.
2	WOW.  I am impressed by the other ratings of this restaurant.  Maybe I just had a bad experience?  The extra star is for the sweet girl that served our table.  She wasn't spectacular but gets brownie points for kindness and effort.    Originally, we were going to dine at Sting Ray (Biltmore Fashion Square) for sushi but I couldn't hold the 45 minute wait.  Seasons 52 was wide open for availability.  We decided on the bar/lounge since there was live entertainment.  Not even five minutes after being seated we decided the environment in the bar was just WEIRD and inevitably added to the bad experience.  The speakers need a serious fix.  My boyfriend described it best as sounding like someone was singing karaoke out of a kazoo.  Not to mention, the song selections were fit for a rehearsal at a hospice facility. I don't mean to sound snotty, but who the heck did they hire for interior decorating?  This place looked like someone got confused and designed a 1990's three-meal restaurant concept in a Vegas hotel/casino.  The booths were covered in a fabric that reminded me of a Bill Cosby modern ugly sweater and the bar stools were jungle fever zebra or something.  There is an exhibition kitchen in the main dining room which is always a nice touch to the atmosphere.  I think the best part of this restaurant is the view of the wine cellar in the bar.  And by the way, the wine list is claimed to be "award winning" but I was NOT impressed at all.  It is listed by varietal and price rather than being progressive by the taste profile.  So, my fiance and I split a bottle of Gascon Malbec ($34 and sells for $12 at the grocery store) , the small spinach salad, asparagus side dish, and the lamb t-bone chops.  The food was tasty but something I could easily make at home.  The server recommended the lamb EVEN though I expressed I am not a lamb lover.  Well, I am still not a lamb lover.  I took one bite and passed the plate over to the mister.   My only complaint on the service is that she did not ask me if I enjoyed it or wished to order something else.  Anyway, we spent $100 and I left hungry.  Needless to say, I won't be going back unless someone drags me here. And I could only imagine it would be my grandmother if she were still alive.
2	i think my lunch salad was made last night, it had no dressing and i waited 25 minutes to be seated. i'm all set. the only neat thing is every dish is under 475 calories. good concept, but it falls short. really, really short.
5	Absolutely amazing!!!!  No cork fee just bring your own bottle!!
4	Food was great as usual! Need to go once every season to try the menu. Excellent portions and combinations. Love the healthy choices and the atmosphere.
5	What a wonderful restaurant. I can't believe each dish is 475 calories or less and the portions are still a good size. No sauces, no bread, no fries. The fish tacos were delicious, succulent, with just the right amount of spiciness. The grilled, boneless rainbow trout was fantastic. The pane seared, sushi-grade Ahi Tuna salad was to die for. And leave room for dessert....yes dessert. Only $2.50 but arrives in a shot glass size bowl. just enough to stave off the sugar craving.The decor is elegant and sophisticated. Great for an executive power lunch or a date to impress. menu changes 4 times a year and features local, fresh, in 'season' food. Very inventive menu starting mainly around $9 (flatbreads and sandwiches) to $16 for lunch. Wait staff is knowledgeable and attentive.Great food, great atmosphere, great for your waist line. But even if you're not a calorie counter this still ranks right up there for the food quality, taste and presentation.
4	I went here during the holiday and had an excellent meal. I can agree that the booth fabric is quite terrible but the food is great. I expected to be let down for some reason as when I usually try something that looks like it should be a great place it usually isn't (Nobuo, god you're terrible!). We had the shrimp,mushroom,crab lump then I had the filet mignon and she had the cedar plank salmon. I had a tea and she had two of the orange martinis. Here are a couple points:The appetizer was very good I was surprised how tasty it was, perfect mixture of the ingredients.It was lunch but they allowed me to order from the dinner menu which was great cause I really wanted a steak. The steak itself was on par with Phoenix City Grillewhich is good but I have yet to find one that compares to Circa 1900's but it is better than anything in current memory.My girlfriend loved the martinis, she is usually underwhelmed but this place and Switch seem to be her new faves.The salmon was cooked exactly the way she wanted and she really liked it.The staff we encountered were super accommodating the waitress was prompt and ready for a refill at all times and I go through 6 glasses of tea easily. One of the cooks(kitchen staff?) who brought the meals out also was helpful in that regard as well as the person whom I believe was the manager who came over and delivered the second martini.So great food for what we tried, great drinks, killer service, and some odd fabric choices(should you even care?)
4	The best Chicken Salad ever! I have had many in my time but this one was over the top!Their little tiny dessert samplers are divine.Service was excellent!We had the lamb flat bread, it was good but not the best I've ever hadOverall all it was a very nice experience and I can't wait to go back and try other items on their menu.
2	WARNING - You are going to leave hungry. I have never been filled  from a  475 calorie meal in my life and you won't either. They do have a great business plan, which is, serve half the food at twice the price and sell it as healthy. I would not go again, and i would not recommend the restaurant to friends.
4	Oh what a night! Took my date here back on June 13. It was a very special time for me, as I remember what a night.The lady and I came in on a Wednesday evening and were promptly greeted by the hostess. She asked if we'd like to be seated at a table or in their piano bar; it was open seating. Delighted to hear that we could enjoy our dinner with a little live piano, I opted to check out the bar. Oh I, got a funny feeling when we walked in the room. And I, as I recall it ended much too soon. Miffed at having to wait 15 minutes now with no waiter stopping by, we went back to the hostess and asked if we could sit somewhere that had actual wait staff to take our orders. After a quick and sincere apology from the hostess and who I believe to have been the manager, they said they would seat us with their best waitress! They too seemed; or at least acted, genuinely concerned that we had to wait so long. Hypnotizing, mesmerizing me. She was everything I dreamed she'd be. Within moments of being seated; for real this time, our waitress had our drink orders and was describing the specials of the day.  We ordered up a bowl of (so-so) chicken tortilla soup.Then went on to a (super fantastic) artichoke / goat cheese flat bread!The Summer Vegetarian Tasting Salad was out-a-sight, it came with one an awesome tasting taco and it was all veggie! The wife loved the chili relleno, and I found the cedar roasted tofu with mango chutney to be top notch. The "grains of life" as they are listed on the menu was one of the better versions of quinoa I've been served in the valley; light refreshing and one of the best protein sources you can find in the veggie kingdom.Along with our vegetarian sampler, we shared an order of Wood-Roasted Pork Tenderloin; and oh was it tender. Served up with an amazing creamy herb polenta and one or two other vegetables, this meal was 100% delish.Oh what a night, this meal was turning out to be. Sweet Surrender, what a night! They served me up a few of those Mini Indulgence Desserts. "Yes, I'll have two desserts." Why not, they're only a couple bucks!Thanks seasons 52 for turning around an unimpressive start and taking care of what could have been an ugly experience, you guys certainly saved the evening!I felt a rush like a rolling bolt of thunder, Straining my head around and taking my body under. O what a night! After a meal like this I'll be singing that famous Four Seasons song for a days to come. OH what a night! Doo dit doo dit dit, doo dit doo dit dit. Oh what a night!...
5	Awesome!!  Fresh, Healthy with fine dining ambience and service.
3	I believe that the initial nostalgia of Seasons 52 has finally worn off for me.  There are many things that I like and still appreciate about this place but I am no longer wowed by it.What I still appreciate:- The fact that while they have some staple items, they still have a large seasonal menu that is always full of interesting and fresh selections- The service is always spot on when I go and the AZ location didn't let me down either.  From the initial greeting at the door, to the ongoing service to the final goodbyes called from the bar when you are leaving the door, we appreciated it all.- I can still respect the fact that the food is calorie-managed for you.  If I could afford it, I'd eat here for dinner every night just so that I didn't have to count my calories- Their alcoholic beverages are still my favorite part of the menu and I love the fact that you end up with a drink and a half in your martini mixer. =)- Their desserts (while small) are delicious!)What has worn thin:- While I understand that the calories are managed tightly here, in some ways, so is the flavor.  We had the ahi tuna sashimi, lamb chops and filet Mignon and while all had decent flavors, none of them really popped in my mouth.  When we placed our lamb and steak dishes together they looked almost identical (see picture).  We did however love the Hawaiian martini and dessert shooters. - For what you get, their prices can still be a little questionable and are all over the place.- They have a larger drink menu than they do food.  While I don't mind liquid lunches, you sometimes wish they got a little more creative with their overall menu selections.Seasons 52 is a wonderful concept and I love the fact that their food is healthy and proportioned the way us chubby Americans needs to eat.  With a little menu updating, I think this can still continue to be a place that I prefer to dine at.Oh, the piano bar singer is always a riot.  I've been to locations here in Phoenix, Chicago and Atlanta and I always love the swanky crooning of updated hits softly breezing through the restaurant.
5	I'm surprised at some of the negative reviews I saw. I have always had exceptional service here. I like that you can be fairly casual or dressed up and still be very comfortable here. I also like the decor and smell of rich wood as you enter. I appreciate that the menu is healthy but you don't feel like you're missing out on anything. They offer some fantastic wine selections as well. Sorry to see some others didn't enjoy it. Hopefully they'll try it out again with a better experience.
5	I love this place!  It's heaven for healthy eaters and for everyone alike!  I've always enjoyed meals there, I find them filling, tasty and very satisfying.  I love that they bring in local foods and wines too - one of my favorite Arizona wines (Tazi - white blend!) is always in stock here.    The ambiance is lovely too - I am so in love with the piano behind the bar and the wonderful musicians they have!!  The thing that's best about this place is that the food is always so flavorful and there is no guilt or remorse for eating too much or eating food that makes you feel overly full later.    Often I leave here with leftovers too, so portions are still filling.  My favorite meal is the Scallops by far, always so good!   The filet won't lead you astray either. I was doing HCG and hadn't eaten out in months.  I called ahead and asked if the chef could prepare a meal with no oil, no sugar, no dairy and lo and behold they happily agreed.  This was the first restaurant that said 'no problem!'   I ordered jumbo shrimp and it came well seasoned and with assurance that it was prepared to order.  The meal was simply delicious and I had no guilt for being off-track on my eating plan.  I've been back a few times in the past 6 months and visited other Seasons 52 restaurants in DC and Chicago and have always had no issues getting meals prepared as requested.  I even asked for a smaller portion of steak during dinner and they served me a smaller portion here at the restaurant at the Biltmore.  For anyone that has been trying to eat healthy and find a great place to go - Seasons 52 is definitely the magical place!
5	Went here for the first time on a first date.  Great ambiance.   Low lighting, the customers were not loud, almost to a murmur allowing us to actually hear each others conversations.  Parking is validated for 2 hours.  There are 2 lots just south of the restaurant at the Biltmore.She ordered the Wood-Roasted Pork Tenderloin off of the gluten free menu.  She liked it a lot.  I ordered the seasonal rock fish snapper with curry sauce.   I asked for the curry to be on the side thinking it was spicy.  The fish was tender, not a lot of seasoning, which is the way fish is supposed to be enjoyed.  The sauce was not at all spicy so I used it for some added flavor.  String beans, yellow squash, carrots, onions, and basmati (brown rice).  It was delicious.The service was great. Linda was her name, older lady who always stopped by to ask how we were doing.  She didn't treat me like a total newbie because I've never been there.  Even though we skipped appetizers, any of the wines, she didn't treat us any different.  She brought a tray of desserts, I got the seasonal Pumpkin Pie with Ginger Snap Crust.  Small portion, but very tasteful not too sweet.  She ordered the Raspberry Chocolate Chip Cannoli.  She discarded the gluten Cannoli part.Overall, it was a great atmosphere.  It was a casual dining experience without the pressure to order things.  Of course more importantly, the not too skimpy but not too overbearing dishes were delicious.Dinner - 2 entrees, 2 desserts plus taxes: ticket $48.  Not too bad.
4	Our second experience here was much better. We knew to stay away from the traditional fattier foods and stuck with healthier options. We had: - Mussels appetizer - Stuffed mushrooms appetizer - Chicken flatbread - Salmon - ScallopsEverything had quite a bit of flavor and was prepared well. We would return again!
2	I like the decor of this place.  Sort of looks like Crate and Barrel.  I stopped in for happy hour and it quickly turned to sad hour.  They don't actually have a happy hour.  "But we do have live music".  The bar is nice enough, several "older folks" enjoying themselves.  They have a lot of wine here but nothing outstanding.    I could see they had infused drinks.  Nice!  Nice until the waiter said that it wouldn't be ready for two more days.  Great planning.  "What's on tap?"  "There aren't any beers on tap."It was right about then that the live music started.  Some cute girl standing behind the bar playing and singing.  Poor thing - you could barely see her through the bottles.   Nice older crowd music.Onto the food.  Every item less than 475 calories.  I suspect they are more than 475 calories but you will barely eat any of it - ta da - low in calories.   I had a lobster crab spring roll concoction with it's flavor totally replaced by bland.  The rest of the dishes where marginally better.
4	I really like this place.  The service and food is consistently good and the atmosphere is nice when I'm looking for a little quieter spot for lunch or drinks/dinner.  The young woman who plays piano is awesome!
4	I would give it 5 stars except for the attitude of the greeter. I called and made reservations for a booth and did not receive one. Food was outstanding we had the lamb chops and the fillet. Everything on the menu is cook healthy and the service was great. We will definitely return.
2	Stopped by for lunch for the first time at this attractive restaurant in the Biltmore Fashion Park with high expectations. The interiors are beautiful, inviting and classy and the menu looked interesting. The disinterested server did not make a good first impression. We ordered a couple of entree salads, one was good and the other was not good at all. The food was fresh but not well presented and the service was way below what it should have been for the price. We will not be returning to Seasons 52.
4	I met up with a friend for cocktails and appetizers. We sat at the bar and service was great. The staff was very pleasant and attentive. It's a nice sophisticated atmosphere and not too loud. I will definitely be back.
5	Astonishingly delicious.Every time I'm here, I make sure to get the chipotle shrimp.  I normally never enjoy shrimp that much, but this may be the best appetizer I've ever had.  People at the table fight over who gets how much.I've never gotten anything other than the Oak-grilled filet mignon: it's the best I've had in Phoenix.  My girlfriend thoroughly enjoys the Pork Tenderloin, and I've loved every bite I've had from her dish too.Maybe the coolest thing is the desert shots, too.  They're like $4 and individual-sized, so it's reasonable for everyone to get something that they like.  My personal favorite is the Key lime pie, and I can't see how you could make a case for anything else.
5	Live Piano Music at the bar and delicious food. They have booth seating in the bar or you can sit around the bar. The dining area is gorgeous with an open kitchen and dim lighting. They have a small corner for group dinners as well. I loved it here, the food and the atmosphere both classy and home-y.
4	This place is great! The food is all low calorie which is a great start to the day.I was here for lunch.The staff was awesome and great. Their tomatos were really fresh and had flavor. The place is decorated in dark wood which I like, and the restrooms are cleaned and well mantained.Parking is abundant, it is at the Biltmore.The only thing is the prices are high so you can't dine here all the time, at least I can't. But, it is worth it once and awhile.
5	Simply AMAZING!! AWESOME FOOD - WONDERFUL STAFFTheir menu changes every season and they have different specials every week - hence the name Seasons 52.  Each item is also less than 475 calories so it helps those of us who want to watch what we eat.  We had a fabulous evening!  We were welcomed by a friendly hostess in the lobby who promptly seated us.  As a side note highly recommend reservations.  The staff is well trained, informative and extremely friendly. We felt very comfortable throughout the evening, and fully enjoyed the live piano music.When seated at our table, our server was Brett, who guided us through our dining experience with knowledge, friendliness and humor. The food was most excellent indeed: we had the Seared Ahi Tuna and the Spicy Chipotle Shrimp Flatbread, followed by the Caesar salad followed by filet with scallops.  (Scallops recommended by Brett and a great recommendation at that).   We further loved the Mini Indulgences, a choice of different desserts in shot-glass size, brought to your table for you to choose from. Everything we ate was tasteful and well-seasoned. The food was beautifully plated, fresh and well prepared. We appreciate being able to eat local, seasonal food, and will be back very soon.
4	The atmosphere, the service and the food were are all fantastic!! We were there last Tuesday and the weather was still cool outside. You walk inside and there is a cozy, inviting fireplace. We took the recommendation of our waiter and started with the goat cheese & artichoke flat bread. It was so thin & crispy with the right amount of toppings that did not weigh it down. I had the mesquite grilled garlic shrimp that came with polenta and asparagus. The shrimp were topped with some sort of diced, cured meat and green olives. I don't eat meat so I picked it out. The olives added a nice saltiness. If you are on a low sodium diet I would not recommend this dish. My husband had the steak & scallops, it wasn't on the menu but our fabulous waiter told us about it. We finished off the meal with a pecan pie mousse and a key lime pie, both were delicious and very, very sweet.I love that Seasons does not have fried food on the menu, all dishes are less than 250 calories and they offer a wide variety of seasonal and vegetarian dishes. I look forward to the spring menu.
5	Wow, came here again with a friend for lunch on Friday.Excellent service as always!! Lou was our waiter, he was very helpful in all depts.My friend Kris is very particular about what she eats, so this is a great place for her. They explain everything and can answer every question.Everything on the menu is low calorie. I got the mushrooms stuffed with shrimp and she got the Ahi tuna salad. Both were awesome.We also got the artichoke Pizza that was fantastic. They refill your drinks continuously and even their water is filtered. You can drink glasses of it without feeling you just poisoned yourself.The decor is dark wood and I think it is beautiful. They have an awesome little fire place in the front that I just love looking at.Restrooms are nice and clean, but the water never really got too warm to wash your hands.Lots of Parking, located in the Biltmore shopping Center/Also my friend got one of the desserts and she did not like it at all, she thought it was far too sweet, she said she could taste artificial sweetener in it.Lou was kind enough to take it off the bill.Awesome place and very healthy!
5	Seasons 52 is my absolute favorite restaurant in town.  I know it's not local but where else can you enjoy your dinner and not stress about the calories.  The first time I visited Seasons my boyfriend asked that they hold the butter on the salmon.  The server giggled and proudly informed us that the kitchen did not have butter.  The salmon and filet are divine.  They currently have a great special where you get a flatbread and flight of wine for $15.  You have to get there early though because the special ends at six.  I love the desserts, just large enough to feel satisfied.  You can take them to go if you pay an extra dollar for the glass.
5	Great concept! Awesome Atmosphere! Excellent Service! AND, oh yeah, a pianist in the middle of their bar! My friend and I came in when they were busy. The hostess said that it would be about 15-20 mins. It only took about 3. We ended up sitting in the lounge area. Very nice lighting. We were greeted by our server, Trey. He was very knowledgeable about the menu. He asked if we had been there before. Trey broke down the meaning of the restaurant's name and told us about how all of the food was seasonally inspired and less than 475 calories. We ordered our Iced teas and took a look at the menu.I was instantly drawn to the Mountain Chicken. My friend decided on the Garlic Shrimp with Saffron Risotto. We didn't know what to start with so we let Trey surprise us with one of the Flat Breads. Upon arrival of the Goat Cheese and Artichoke FB I was impressed by the presentation. It looks big, at first. But when I had my first bite it was very light and flavorful. GOOD CHOICE TREY! After leaving not a crumb of the FB we moved on to the main Course. My Chicken dish was very well prepared. The Glaze lit up my taste buds. That was definitely the highlight. It almost had a BBQ sauce overtone but was much more enlightening. My friend's Shrimp and Risotto was quite the dish. I tried a bit of each and I loved how the risotto wasn't too creamy. The Shrimp was done just right. I would highly suggest Seasons 52. Service is great and the presentation is on point. KUDOS TREY!
5	Been here a few times now, and have never really had any complaints.  The food always tastes fresh and flavorful, and I've never left feeling overly stuffed (like on the verge of passing out!) - which is a very good thing!  I've particularly liked the fish entrees (salmon and rainbow trout).  And the desserts are great - the perfect size to polish off a tasty meal.  We'll be back!
5	Fabulous. Terrific food, atmosphere, service, and prices. If that isn't enough, all meals are under 475 calories + free WiFi. One open in Dallas!
3	Food was pretty good, service was poor. Server didn't bring what was asked for and tried to charge us for an appetizer we didn't order. He didn't seem to care about our dining experience which is unfortunate when spending $50 for lunch (without any alcohol). Don't think we'll go back. True Food is so close and SO much better!
5	Had out of town guests and was planing a pizza; however, at the last minute, thought of Seasons 52 and glad we did!It was 6ish; however, we were seated quickly and greeted by Alexandra, our server, promptly! She was wonderful!  great smile and helpful attitude throughout the dining event!Our guests were rookies, so Alexandra explained the Seasons 52 program and carefully assisted a wine choice.Dinner was amazing, served fast and it was hard top believe that each entree was only 475 calories... Great presentation, flavorful and "healthy"!Drinks, appetizer, dinner and dessert were perfect!THX!
5	Fantastic place. We need more places like this - aspiring to be healthy while not sacrificing delicious food, offering a high end restaurant experience, all at very reasonable prices. What's not to love?!The concept here is that everything on the menu is under 475 calories, and delicious. However, it doesn't mean that you can just have just one item and be satisfied. For example, our group shared several apps, I had an entree, and we each had desserts. You can easily break 1000 calories in a meal, but that's better than breaking 3000 calories for a similar experience elsewhere.We tried several of the flat breads for appetizers and they were all delicious, but not very filling as they were on a paper thin crust.I had the the special which was a wild caught salmon filet. It was absolutely superb, probably the best cut of salmon I've ever had. It had a depth of flavor only found in wild salmon, and though it was leaner than farmed salmon, it was cooked to absolute perfection: moist and flakey all the way through. We had several VERY nice bottles of red wine during dinner - though I wasn't ordering, so I can't name any of them. I think we had a pinot noir and a cab, and perhaps something more exotic. For dessert, we ordered nearly all of the single serving dessert cups, and folks just picked whatever looked best. I'm not sure what mine was called, but it had several layers of chocolate cake, chocolate mousse, and whipped cream. It was fantastic, and saved me from my usual dessert time behavior of gorging after a full meal. Kudos for Seasons 52 turning the high end restaurant experience on it's head. I look forward to more restaurants moving in this direction.
3	The place is fine.  The mixed greens salad with seared ahi was very good.  Service was very good.  I am in more disagreement with the under 500 calorie deal.  I do not want limitations in my food.  Whatever I am in the mood for, I should have choice.  No limitations.
4	Seasons 52 was our choice for a birthday dinner and we had a lovely evening. The food was delicious and the service very good. For the appetiser we tried the flatbread, chicken skewers and stuffed mushroom. All were very good but the flatbread was my favorite. For the main course we ordered the lamb chops, filet mignon, the fish, shrimp pasta. Everyone loved their entrees and the portion size was just right. For desert, you get to choose from an array of mini samplers. Since i was so full, i settled for fruit . Hopefully will try something next time. Yes, there will be a next time also because I want to know what the menu in the other seasons looks like ( and also my way to pretend that we actually have 4 seasons in phoenix!)
4	Another great meal at Seasons 52 without the guilt of other restaurants!  I started with the goat cheese ravioli and they were delicious.  Next I moved on to the pork tenderloin with mushrooms and broccoli over polenta...flavorful and filling.  I ended with the raspberry white chocolate cannoli mini dessert...just enough to fulfill my sweet tooth.  It seems you can't go wrong at this place and that is why I will keep coming back for more!
5	Wow. I have a new very most favorite restaurant in Phoenix. And I have a lot of favorite restaurants in Phoenix.  We went to dinner on a Tuesday night for a friend's birthday and it was really wonderful. Yes they are pricey, but when I spend $50 for dinner and two drinks, this is what I expect. We started with roasted eggplant flatbread, which was so tasty and so light - a perfect complement to the great Pinot noir that was recommended by our adorable and very knowledgeable waiter. I had the swordfish ponzu special on a bed of basmati rice and bokchoy and it was a little too much food for me, which was unexpected since all their dishes are low calorie. If I hadn't drank two glasses of wine i would have stayed under 500 calories and was STUFFED. My friends had (friend one) lamb chops (she loved it) and (friend two) scallops (really loved it).  The birthday garnered my friend a free dessert, which was a shot glass sized little yumminess of a pecan pie type thingie.  Just enough for a dessert and didn't leave her feeling ill like a big piece of pie would have. I drank my dessert.  :-). I will be going back very soon. I was already addicted to True Food, which is also in the fashion mall on Camelback. The parking is free for two hours with validation so it is convenient, as well.  Now I have to decide which of these two amazingly good restaurants to pick. Decisions decisions!
5	Just had an amazing dinner here tonight w good friends! This place is Yummy!! All dishes are prepared with less than 475 calories but you'd never know it by the flavors. They don't use any oils in their preparation. We enjoyed the house specialty of cedar planked salmon, kale ceasar salad, and our friends had Arctic char w salads. Very nice inside, rich woods, patio seating as well.  Extensive wine list with at least 40 wines by the glass. Piano music at the large bar area added to our enjoyment! Our waiter, who was excellent asked if we wherever"first timers" and brought out desserts on the house for us. The name "seasons 52" represents that they change the menu every week..this was an excellent choice for us tonight and we are looking forward to our next visit!
5	WOW is all I have to say the food the atmosphere is outstanding, the service excellent, wait staff first rate, the food there is something for everybody... We will be going back.. The ceder plank salmon melted in my mouth, by far the best salmon I have ever had.
5	This place was fantastic.  We were a little early for our res, so we went to grab a drink at the bar.  The bartender was great, both before and after dinner (we just had to stop back).  The menu was delicious and the mini desserts were amazing.  Make sure to try their homemade strawberry vodka and prosecco!  Delish!!
4	Tried the arugula flatbread and the margherita (?) flatbread.  Both were delicious, very thin and crusty base.  The salad was spinach, raspberries, bleu cheese and pine nuts which was also very good.  The fillet was very tender but the sauce smelled very similar to chinese herbal medicine that I didn't like.  The taste however was pretty decent.  The asparagus that came with the fillet was not cleaned very well at all and had lots of grit.  Also had several spears that were overdone and stringy.  All in all, I am intrigued by this place and would like to return for more samples of the menu.  However, slightly thrown off by the gritty asparagus..
4	The service was excellent. The food was incredible considering it was only 475 calories. Portions were even good.
3	Really appreciate the concept here.  The roasted pork with mushrooms was incredibly tender.  The grilled salmon salad lived up to its reputation.  Was underwhelmed by the featured appetizer for that night, a crab & lobster spring roll.  By the end of the meal, the little desserts were the perfect size.As a choice between this restaurant and True Food Kitchen (marketed with the same concept of good but healthy), I'd choose Seasons 52.
2	Food was good, service horrible. The waiter ignored us all evening!
5	I represented East-West Global Travel, attending a business meeting with MSC Cruises.The meeting room was well suited for such, and while the menu was abbreviated, the choices were most adequate for all diets. I enjoyed cedar planked salmon. An excellent Choice.While my experience here was limited to a business meeting, the service was good, the venue's meeting room functioned well, and its certainly on my top list for future meetings in the Biltmore/Scottsdale area.
5	An entire menu under 475 calories? Sign me up! There were four of us that ate here on Saturday and each one of us was completely satisfied with the quality of the food. My husband was still hungry after eating an appetizer and his entree, but he has a huge appetite. The rest of us were perfectly full. I got the sea scallops and want to go back every week to get them again. They were that good. We had the chicken pesto flatbread and it was delicious and perfect for sharing. My husband had the shrimp & risotto dish. It had the perfect amount of spice. There's a large wine menu and for non-alcohol drinkers, the ginger-agave soda is fantastic and another healthy alternative.
5	This place is great! My mom and I tried it a few months ago and it was delicious. I ordered the trout and for being under 475 calories (I think it is?) I got a huge piece of fish plus the veggies on the side. There desserts are unbelievable! While they are small they have a large selection and with them being so rich it's a perfect end to a meal.
5	Just realized I never did a review for our wedding reception. So to begin, it was in the spring. I have to say everything was wonderful, the wine was flowing, the mixed drinks were mixing, the appetizers (flatbreads), meals (salmon, filet mignon, and chicken) and desserts (chocolate peanut butter mousse, key lime pie, pecan pie, cheesecake, rocky road and fruit mini indulgences) were top notch! We wanted to have everything in central Phoenix (wedding at Desert Botanical Garden, dinner reception somewhere in midtown, hotels in Biltmore area for out-of-towners) and since the plan was to put it all together in 3 weeks, I was looking for simplicity.  I set up an appointment to meet with Adrienne, the sales manager, and was so impressed I signed the contract on the spot. She was totally on the ball and it felt as though she was in tune with my vision from the moment we started talking! They have private dining rooms for events and the atmosphere was absolutely perfect.
4	Had a gift card for Dardens. Don't care for Red Lobster so tried something new and was very surprised. Food was very good as well as service and ambiance. Really enjoyed the mini-indulgence which are small portioned deserts that are only $2.50. I was going to skip desert because I was full but decided to try it and glad I did! Will definitely come back.
5	The food is always great and the service exceptional, the Piano man came by asking for requests and was a Gentelman.The Seasonal menus never disapoint and the Lamb was perfect.
4	This is a great alternative to the typical butter bomb upscale restaurants around here; because they don't use ANY butter! Every dish they serve is under 475 calories.The food is fresh and tasty. Their salmon salad is delicious. So is their Ahi Tuna salad, and I love the seasonal organic greens and that they only use wild fish. The mini indulgence desserts are so so so yummy! They are perfect because they are just big enough to fill that sweet tooth but not make you feel sick or guilty. My FAVORITE is the Pecan Pie with the White Chocolate Mouse. I LOVE that they have a live pianist/singer every night at the bar. The bartenders are very friendly and the atmosphere is classy but not stuffy. They have a good and reasonably priced wine selection.I would recommend this place to people who like a classy atmosphere and tasty healthy good quality food.
4	Always tasty and seemingly healthy. Prompt service, creative menu.
4	The food was pretty good, which is the most important thing to me. The whole "experience" ended up being kind of gimmicky, I wish the staff didn't insist on explaining the "low calorie" thing. I already knew about it and it was a really long speech, especially w/ the appetizers, wines, etc. Plus the dessert thing was kind of silly. I feel like people who choose Seasons 52 already know about it and don't need a long explanation, or could do with a shorter spiel. Anyway, the flatbread margherita appetizer was great. The steak I ordered was just okay. My mom said the fish she ordered was great. It looked like there were a lot of business dinners going on, but we were there really early because I was with my (older) parents.
5	Went here for my birthday ! everything was wonderful my waiter was amazing the food was wonderful no regrets this is now my go to !
4	It's hard to believe that some of these choices are under 475 calories, but I prefer to believe it so I will enjoy eating them.  I just had the Summer Salad (tomato & mozzarella) for the 3rd time this week.  (I tend to fixate on one thing, I admit.)  Seating in the bar area is open, and there's one pianist or another there to entertain.  I tend to like the quieter ones.  A fun place to eat!
4	Excellent meal. Cedar plank salmon and filet mignon both delicious. Great wine selection and flights. Seasonal, fresh, real food. Run of the mill atmosphere, but overall lovely dining experience.
4	This place is pretty damned good and I'm disappointed that I didn't try it sooner. I didn't understand the concept of fresh, healthy upscale eating so I was surprised that everything was so delicious while minimally impacting my ever-expanding waistline. It just goes to show you that in this world of poisonous, processed foods it is still possible to enjoy your food and be healthy so well done to these guys.I started off with a beer in the bar and started with the Blackened Steak and Bleu Cheese flatbread. The bread was thin and crispy and topped with two of my favorite things. Really delicious.For my main I had the grilled scallops with asparagus and tomato mushroom pearl pasta. The scallops were AMAZING and so tasty without being bathed in butter. My plate was served up so beautifully arrange with the asparagus spears arranged in a grid over the pasta, it was almost a shame to eat it...almost.Healthy then went out the window when we went through more than one of their Mini-Indulgence desserts. I had the key lime but my favorite was the raspberry with chocolate chip cannoli. Still fewer calories than a slice of cheesecake.The atmosphere is very nice, the service is great and like I said, you really can enjoy some delicious food with out so much butter, fat and additives.A good solid choice for a nice dinner or lunch.
5	Great food great atmosphere and great service from Sally had the ahi burger it was amazing
5	This is just an awesome place. My boyfriend and I went there and had a bottle wine. Some artichoke and lamb flatbread for appetizer. I had sea scallops and he had some wood fired pork. All o them were very well prepared and tasted delicious. Our waiter was really professional and nice  There was also a lady playing piano and that was defiantly my favorite part. Somehow she played all my favorite music and I was in love with her voice!Bill comes out around 100 and we had a $25 off American express discount card. It's a little pricy but I think it totally worth it. I will definitely come back to this place for their dessert and wine and music again!! I do love Season 52.
5	Had a fabulous meal at reasonable price.  Great atmosphere.    Our server Chris was awesome.
5	Seasons 52 has become our go-to place for great ambience, easy free parking, and a varied menu that never disappoints.  Noise level so we can talk to our dining guests. Service is consistently outstanding.  What more can we want.
4	Love thise place! Great healthy choices and awesome desert. I visit it all the time. Love th change in the menu too! Way to go in healthy choices!!!!
4	Very good food, wine, service and ambience.  Everyone enjoyed what they had and the prices were reasonable for the quality and portion size.  The Price Fix menu was a great value with the included salad and dessert.  They also have a fantastic selection of wines by the glass.  I particularly like how the pour your glass from the bottle at the table and allow you to taste it before the full glass.
5	We can begin with the great service which always adds to the dining experience, and Seasons 52's servers are top notch - friendly , knowledgeable and attentive. But of course, the food is the centerpiece and it never disappoints me here. I go once a month with a professional group and then with family sometimes too, and there's always great new menu items. Being a fish lover, a good selection and preparation of fish is very important to me and they always come through with something fresh, delicious and accompanied by great vegetables. THe mini-deserts are just right in terms of size, and sweetness - just enough to polish off the meal without bogging you down (or feeling guilty).
2	I attended this restaurant to celebrate a friend's birthday.  It was a party of 20 so I hope that accounts for the lackluster service.  Asked for a gluten free menu, I was impressed they had one, but disappointed on how long it took the waiter to come back with it.  The GF menu had no prices on it, which always makes me suspect.  When I ordered I was told that dish was only available for lunch (why give me a lunch menu at 8pm?).  I asked the server to point out the items that were available and was given 2 options.  The chef came out and said he would make the dish, slightly modified.  My water was not refilled throughout the meal and the servers were snipping at each other behind me.  It was a bit pricey for what I ordered.  Probably not a place I will return to.
5	Was very impressed that the bar tender remembered us. It has been months since the last time we ate here. The dining area is always crowded, so as usual we ate at the bar. Very attentive service, fabulous cocktails, nice wine list, and great food. I ordered from the Restaurant Week menu. My friend always orders from their extensive gluten-free menu. Love their little desserts - makes you feel less guilty.
4	After my initial review, I was contacted by the Director of Operations regarding my experience.  I am super impressed with their customer service, Kudos for working to make this right.  I was given a gift card and asked to give them another chancem which I did.  The service was much improved, a gluten free menu was brought immediately when requested, I was allowed to order all the items on the menu, not just a couple selections,  the server (and everyone who helped tend to us) - all very friendly and upbeat.  The food was tasty and overall this was a much better experience.
4	This place is great, they cook without butter and the food still tastes good!  I had the scallops and my husband got the grilled trout.  We also had a bowl of chili and manhattan clam chowder.  The chili was delicious!  The clam chowder was average.  My son and daughter loved their food.  My son had a burger with a side of green beans! The burger and beans were cooked perfectly.  My daughter had grilled chicken with broccolini and potatoes. Dessert was good and the size was just perfect.
5	This restaurant was awesome! The service was above and beyond and everything we tried was delicious! Plus, only 475 calories or less per serving...I'll take it! Sure didn't taste "light" by any means! Can't wait to go back!!!
5	Always had great experiences and great service.  Even one time for lunch thing ran a tad slow, the manager handled in an exceptional way.  A place I try and visit at least once a month.  Great food and service and healthier than most by far.
5	Happy Happy :)Great service and food! I am a vegetarian and they had a really beautiful platter . Presentaion and taste were exceptional. I will go back again . I highly recommend trying it out.
5	I have never had a bad meal or service at Seasons 52.  Added Bonus:  They have a dairy free menu upon request, eating here is easy!  We like the Grilled Chicken Flatbread, Organic Field Greens Salad and the Oak Grilled Filet Mignon.  The desserts come in the cutest shot glasses, so if you wanted to try 2, don't feel bad about it!I would recommend sitting in the bar area to really enjoy the live piano music and you get the same level of service as if you sat in the main dining room.
5	Seasons 52 is always our "go to" spot for dinner when we can't decide what to eat because there is always something we will both enjoy here. Service is always excellent and I love the fact everything on the menu is less than 500 calories. The shrimp flatbread is an excellent started. With the ever changing menu, i always try to find one of the shrimp dishes and have yet to be disappointed. Good quality food and good service makes this one of my favorite places in Phoenix.
3	Hostess was MIA, a tad flakey. Waiter, very friendly, exuberant. Returned for a lunch and was disappointed, as were my guests. The buffalo burger was bland and as an a al carte, not impressed. The grilled shrimp (to pricey)  had too much cajun spice and overwhelmed the noodles, spinach and mushroom dish. The apple coleslaw was too vinegary, I brought the left over home and added a small spoon of organic mayo and it balanced the flavors greatly. The only thing we enjoyed was the seasonal beer.  Don't think we will return, the portions were meager and bland. I know how to cook healthy and more flavorfully at a fraction of their cost. Ambience - so-so.
1	Went here tonight for Thanksgiving, had a 3:45pm reservation, was given a standard pager instead. Very crowded poeple standing all over the place waiting to be seated. Almost an hour later i am complaining to my Father, the check-in staff hears me and asks for my pager number. Turns out their reservation system moved up to 6:00pm and did not notify. So we finally get seated after they fix the error.The table service was good, the food was excellent. But Management here leaves much to be desired.While I was getting our table straight, my GF was talking to a clueless Manager that had no idea they had seating issues.We were not the only party seated almost an hour late. We talked with several other parties that also found out that a reservation just means you are invited to hold a pager and wait. The couple in line before us at check in, however, Had eaten and were leaving just as we were seated. Again my only complaint is that Management has no clue how to run a restraunt. Won't be going back, as service is part of the overall package.
5	We came here spontaneously as it was recommended by a friend. It was quite classy inside, and they treat you classy as well. It's dim setting makes it a nice calm vibe and there's a live piano player in there.When ordering, they have a menu that's changed every quarter or season, and the other menu is changed every week, thus seasons / 52 weeks. The server greeted us and thoroughly explained the menu. She stated that all menu items are 475 calories or less, which is great. I ordered the seared scallops. It was delicious. The server recommended a Chardonnay that best compliments the dish, which I was also pleased with. My friend who had a particular wine taste didn't like the first selected wine so the server recommended another and she was really pleased with the second recommendation. What's nice is they let you sample the wine before pouring a full glass.Later there were these desserts in shot glasses and it was a nice sweet treat to end the meal. Great and classy service!
5	The Lobster soup is amazing!!!!  The scallops were also perfect. Great place for a work lunch!!!!!
4	This restaurant was very good, stopped in for a quick bite in Phoenix before a concert and had GREAT chili and a delicious salad.  I would eat there again and order the same thing.
5	After reading many reviews of Seasons 52, I was skeptical about coming here but I'm so glad we gave it a try! We had a vegetarian in our party and when I asked about vegetarian options, the hostess pulled out a binder with vegetarian,vegan, gluten-free and lactose-free options. Wow, impressive! The ambiance is wonderfully warm and inviting. Our waitress, Kim, was very knowledgeable, friendly and provided fantastic service. Many reviewers commented that the portions were small, thus the under 475 calorie concept, but our portions were more than adequate...no complaints whatsoever (and we did not order appetizers or sides to fill up). All of our dishes were flavorful and tasty. The small desserts were a great treat, and just the right size, at the end of a nice meal.Seasons 52 is a great addition to the Biltmore area and we will definitely be back!
3	The husband and I went here because we had a couple coupons for a free wine flight, glass of wine, and flatbread...who can say no to that? The concept is good, healthy food that is fresh and low cal. The service was also very good. The wine flight had generous tastes of each wine (with the mini glasses taken over in a glass holding device...pretty cool stuff) and each glass had the name and description of the wine. That part of the experience was good. The flatbreads, however, just were nothing too special. The husband got the pesto chicken and I got the goat cheese and artichoke. Both were just kind of bland....they were much better with red chili flakes. It isn't something that I would come back for. Now, I know it's hard to judge a restaurant on a couple of flat breads, so if I were invited here by a friend or something, I would give it another shot, as I do like the concept, but I don't think I would return on my own.
2	Really bland food. That's the summary for this place. I should have known when they made a point of saying every menu item was 475 calories. The food wasn't bad but it was tasteless and pricy. This is not a two $ restaurant. Much more like a $$$. Not recommended.
5	Love this place. Joy decided on Seasons 52 for our last Happy Hour get together of 2013. We arrived at 3:45pm (Dec. 31st) -- Hostess was a bit bitchy and rude. Once we were seated we no longer had to worry about her. We were served our drinks and appetizers by an awesome server (I wish I could remember her name). She then informed us that Danielle G. would take over as our server. She was incredible as well. Food was amazing. Desserts were tasty and just the right amount as to not affect my Size 4 figure.This is another fave Happy Hour & Dinner place for 2014! Cheers***
4	Great food and very tasty, plus you don't feel guilty or lazy after.
4	I love this place.  One of the best places in town.  Which is absolutely amazing due to the fact it is owned by the same company who owns Olive Garden.  Service has always been amazing.  Food is usually above average.  Ambience is nice. I have never had a bad meal.  Due to the meals only having 475 calories, it makes the experience so much better for those who like to eat, and not feel guilty.
4	Always appreciate the good food and service at Seasons 52.  They do an excellent job with local, seasonal foods.
4	Stopped here for an early lunch with a friend.We were seated promptly and the ladies by the door were very nice and friendly.Food was good, I think very original options.We were seated at the bar and service was... OK. 3 starts to service. Our server was OK but didn't look happy to be there, maybe he was just having a bad day.We had a few items to share:Flatbread - Spicy chipotle shrimp. I thought it was OK, I know it was a flatbread but it almost felt like saltines... : ( a little 'too flat' for my taste.Blackened Mahi  Mahi Tacos - This were really good. Each taco had a big piece of fish. Good cilantro sour cream.Quinoa grain and citrus salad (side salad) - This one was very good, but it seemed to me it had other main ingredient and less quinoa, seemed like wheat, ferro or something like that. Other than that it was delicious.  We had some of the specialty drinks, the mint lemonade (that does not come with refills, even though I was initially told it did) it was way too sweet an I do not recommend it.Aaaand, they have the small desserts in shot glasses...  I had the lemon one and my friend had the fresh fruit. The menu said key lime pie but our server corrected me saying it was 'lemon'... so I do not know if the one I got was not on the menu, but it was good.I like these small desserts, and now that PF Chang's does not have them anymore, I may stop by at this place just for the desserts.
4	Given that it is a Darden restaurant (and our proclivities lean AWAY from chains), we tried Seasons 52- mostly because we had accumulated a bunch of gift cards, and we knew we didn't want to waste them at Red Lobster.Wow were we surprised.  Beautiful, dark interior with nice mood lighting; MUCH bigger than we anticipated.  The place was packed on a Saturday night- there was a great big bar with lots of people hanging around.  The waitstaff was impeccable- the restaurant cares enough about their staff to give them business cards to hand out.  The food was amazing. They change it seasonally, so don't expect your favorite dish every time you go.  All the food is under 475 calories. Seriously, no need to worry about "what" you are eating because it is good for you AND tastes amazing. Wine is cheap! Ours was only $36 for a great bottle of Malbec.  And they make these little personal deserts that are the perfect size- for $2.50.Only negative? LOTS of snowbirds :) Not that they bothered us, but it wasn't  a young, hip crowd (unless you were by the bar).
4	I've been trying GF (gluten free) places lately and this one has a whole menu dedicated for that purpose. The food was actually very good and the service was outstanding. Fernando was the waiter and he did a great job! Lobster spring rolls and filet, can't go wrong, huh?My only complaint is that I had a reservation and showed up on time, however I had to wait about 20 min to be seated. On top of that, they gave me a buzzer like the ones you get in more casual restaurants. If they appeal to the up-scale crowd I think they should get rid of that waiting buzzer and have the tables ready. Cheers
5	Came here for my 19th birthday and i loved it everyone was welcoming the food was amazing need i say more !
5	Loved this place. And our server Alexandra!  Warm yellow beet salad followed by two simple grilled lobster tails. Perfect flavors and SO nice to find a restaurant that doesn't feel like it has to feed you enough for a family of four one one plate.  Great concept and totally surprised this is a Darden restaurant.
5	Great atmosphere, great service and food was just as good. Everything was above and beyond. Absolutely would be a place of recommendation. I personally can't wait to go back. From crab flat bread to mussels to sea bas and lamb chops...got to love this place. Not mention dessert on the end...
4	Had a really good meal. The waitstaff was great, took the time to explain the concept and choices and made sure my GF needs were met.The food was really good and all under 475 cals each. I had the BBQ Chicken Salad that came out in a neat presentation, with a nice portion of chicken, lettuce, blue cheese, and a flavorful light dressing. My guests were very happy with their dishes. One had the fish tacos the other had a crab and shrimp stuffed in a mushroom cap.We sat outside and loved the meal. Good place to go for lunch when at the mall or working close.
4	Came here for dinner with some colleagues.The wait for the dining area was an hour and a half and up.  We were told if there was space in the piano/bar area, we didn't have to wait.  If anything, you should sit here.  There is a pianist that plays classics, oldies and even top 40.  Pretty neat and relaxing while having a drink and/or dinner!Since we are first timers, our very attentive server explained the reasoning behind the menu and the name of the restaurant.  The specialty menu changes weekly, hence why the place is called "52 Seasons".  The best part?  The food is under 480 calories?  Don't be deceived by that, the portions will fill you up!Started off with a local and seasonal beer.  Ordered the Kona Crusted T-Bone Lamb Chops.  Three little lamb chop t-bones cooked to your liking with some asparagus and Yukon mashed potatoes.Asked for it medium since lamb can be a bit chewy when cooked medium-rare, which is how I usually order my meat at a restaurant.The T-Bone lamb chops was really good and flavorful.  Asparagus added green to your plate and the mashed potatoes was nice and fluffy and flavorful.Would definitely come here.  Go sit in the bar area and request a song or two from the extensive list!
5	Always enjoy my meal at Seasons 52!  There are always innovative, unique dishes to choose from, and they never disappoint.  I especially love the flatbreads, the salmon dishes, the mushroom appetizer, and the scallops!  The menu is always changing with the season and in this case, change is never a bad thing. The wine selection is great but I tend to order cocktails here. I'm never disappointed!  On my last visit I had the grapefruit martini.. One of my favorite martinis ever! Great place for delicious food and drinks with a intimate, classy atmosphere without feeling stuffy or being ridiculously overpriced
5	Delicious! My husband and I are in town for Dodger spring training and decided to come here for dinner because it was across the street from our hotel. The ambiance was perfect, I enjoyed the piano player. We started with a mozzarella and lobster flatbread, so good! For my main course I had a perfectly seasoned branzino. Best fish ever; with potatoes and veggies. Yum. My husband had grilled shrimp and risotto. The shrimp tasted like Cajun without the hot spice. I enjoy myself some spice but it was still wonderful. Then for dessert we sampled the chocolate and peanut mousse cup and a lemon cup. Perfect end. On top of that we had some great glasses of wine and a pomegranate martini. The night was made even better by our great waiter Tony B.  We'd highly recommend this place!
4	I really do love it here. Especially because they have live music most nights. Can't really go wrong with dishes with 52 calories in them either, can you? I mean, like ever? Definitely worth the trip. Was fun to share a lot of things with the man. Try at least one flatbread and their coconut salad is to die for!
4	Liked the meal and atmosphere at Seasons 52, though I would describe both as good, not great.  Menu had appealing diversity of  items, and I was impressed with the concept of all dishes being under a specific calorie threshold.  The food was pretty tasty (Our group tried the filet mignon, pork tenderloin, shrimp with cavatappi, and several salads.).  I found the cavatappi and the sauce for the steak a bit salty but still edible.  We enjoyed the look of the restaurant.  The noise level was very loud, which could be a problem if you are holding a business meeting or trying to catch up with friends.  We had several fairly minor service issues.  The ice water we requested did not arrive after 30 minutes and multiple requests.  Nor did the starter ordered by one of our group members.  The server corrected these items graciously.  It seemed that the restaurant was short-staffed for the number of guests (This was a Sat evening in late March.).  It appeared that the server was constantly in motion but perhaps had either more tables than usual or less help than usual from food runners or other staff.  Given Season52's commitment to healthy fine dining, I encourage them  to continue expanding the range of menu options for guests eating low carb foods.  Many dishes on the menu featured carbs such as pasta, rice, or potatoes that people on low glycemic diets can't eat.  I would love to see more options that don't involve grains, starches, or other "high carb" carbs.
3	Food and menu were good but not great. I loved the concept of being under 475 calories however most of the group felt they didn't get enough food with their entrees, especially for price. Service was also just okay. Doubt I will return.
4	Split artichoke flatbread & BBQ chicken salad with my mom.  Delish & so fresh. Ask for side of aged balsamic to dip flat bread in.  Heaven Mom had a glass of wine $30 bucks-not bad! Will be back!  Wish we had a restaurant like this In the Gilbert/chandler area So yum & healthy so u don't feel guilty or weighed down after
5	Pricey? YES. The food is AMAZING though. You will most def leave very satisfied. Took my boyfriend here for his birthday & he loved it (: very elegant set up as well!
5	Excellent is all I can say.  Visiting Phoenix an was wandering by and decided to stop in for a bite and some wine.  Sat on the patio and had one of the best afternoon lunches. Emily H.  was a shining star with excellent service, suggestions and personality.  Will make this a stop next time we are in Phoenix and will visit the Costa Mesa location when we return home.
5	All menu items are fresh and most are local. All items are under 500 calories and taste delicious. The portions are perfect and the price is just right. The ambience is very posh and casual all in the same place.
2	I'm disappointed to say my experience wasn't as great as the other reviewers. The manager quickly called me when I submitted the online evaluation, which was nice.Table was dirty, guacamole on Tacos was brown & I had a white short hair on my raspberry lemonade.  Bill was $70 for 4 people during lunch (no desert or alcohol), which seemed expensive for what was ordered.Positive: wait staff very nice & decor is pleasant.  Still give it a try since others had a better experience.
3	I come to the Biltmore for lunch frequently with friends. We finally decided to try this restaurant. First impression is that it has a nice atmosphere inside. Greeted and seated right away. The waiter was ok. He went on so long about the menu that we had to cut him off. He explained the 52 represents the chef changing up some menu items every week (below a patron said it was because of the 52 bottle wine selection - so now I'm confused). We ordered the lamb kabobs and shrimp mushroom appetizers. The stuffed mushrooms were excellent. The lamb kabobs however were pretty bad. They tasted like ground hamburger on a stick with some feta. I cook lamb a lot this just didn't taste good at all. One of my friends ordered the turkey burger, she said that was good and a side of frys. All the sides are ala cart - just a forewarning. I ordered the scallops. They were alright, nothing too rave about. Our waiter never asked us how things were or if we enjoyed our dishes. He scurried the plates away without asking - both the appetizers and the main courses. I wanted to say something about the lamb but thought maybe he was in a hurry. We had to flag him down for the dessert menu. Normally a waiter asks if you want to order dessert - but we asked. He brought an assortment of little glasses filled with a wide variety of desserts. I had a chocolate cake/mousse indulgence as they are called. It was good and you didn't feel too guilty because it was small. I like the idea of this restaurant, everything is 475 calories or less, smaller portions, changing menu but honestly it wasn't memorable. On the way out even the hostess didn't say "have a nice day" or "thank you for coming". Wasn't a real "wow" type of experience. There are a lot of options in the Biltmore area, I don't think I'd go back.
5	From the time we walked in the door until we left, we couldn't have had better service! Our waiter, Lou, was extremely helpful, as it was our first visit to Seasons 52. We decided to order 3 appetizers, as it was early in the evening and a full meal didn't appeal to either myself or my husband. Good choice! We loved all three things that we ordered: lamb skewers, flatbread with lamb and feta cheese and finally, stuffed mushrooms with crabmeat and spinach. Delish!!Loved the outdoor dining option. A lovely courtyard with flowers and privacy from the parking lot....something you don't find too often in a "mall" restaurant.We will be returning to Seasons 52 in the future...
5	Excellent food, excellent service. Lovely patio, a great place to relax and enjoy a fantastic meal.
1	I usually like seasons 52 and recommend it to all my friends and family. However, I was disappointed in being told that there is a 20-minute wait when there were 11 empty tables. Apparently, there was 17 reservations. Well that's very elitist of them to provide service to people who hadn't shown up before people who are here and waiting to have lunch. Let's see how long we actually have to wait before getting a table and let's see as well just how many tables remain empty when we are finally seated. Lunch had better be really good.
3	It took 20 minutes before we were offered a table.  When we sat down, 7 of the tables were still empty.  When we left, 4 tables remained empty.  So, we were forced to wait 20 minutes for no reason.  Seasons 52 really should do a better job at prioritizing its service.  Customers who arrive without a reservation should be seated just as soon as other customers don't show up on-time for their reservations.Service was great, food was great, as expected.  Priority seating arrangements need to be reconsidered.
5	What a place! The staff are all so pleasant. Especially Nate, the bartender. And the food! ...Forget about it!!! It's foodie week, so I get to try things I wouldn't ordinarily try. The chicken flatbread was on point. Caprese salad was tasty. And the pork tenderloin was out of pocket!The pianists (I've heard two different ladies sing here) voices are soothing to the ear. And my requests are always granted! :-D
5	Very pleasant dining experience. I came here for Arizona week and what a treat! The servings were scrumptious and filling. Just the scallop entree filled me up! I will come back again, worth the drive from Gilbert!!
5	This is an awesome dining experience. Food and service were beyond expectations. I recommend the lobster pizza and fillet minon steak. My wife had the scallops. She love them too.
4	My husband surprised me with a visit to Seasons 52 during Arizona Restaurant Week while we were unpacking into our new condo, and we had a great experience.  Service was on-the-ball, the pianist was fun, and the food was great.  We shared a few drinks and ate off the $30 four course meal restaurant week menu.Roasted Roma Tomato Flatbread: This was large and very filling, but that's about all I can say about it.  The tomatoes tasted fresh, but I honestly couldn't tell the difference between this flatbread and cheaper flatbread sold at less-fancy restaurants.Sonoma Goat Cheese Ravioli: Each bite is creamy goodness.  My husband and I were arguing over whose dish was better (my ravioli versus his caprese) and it ended up being a super close call.  I could have eaten multiple of these dishes as my main course (as every course, in fact) and been satisfied.Warm Roasted Tomato Caprese: The tomatoes tasted incredibly fresh and literally melted in your mouth, and the vinegar dressing tasted like those $40 fancy vinegars that you sample in the Napa Valley stores.  This was probably the best dish we had.Oak-Grilled Fillet Mignon: Exquisitely tender - another dish that just seemed to melt in your mouth.Wood-Roasted Pork Tenderloin: I think meats must be some chef's specialty, since this was the best pork I've had.Dessert: the tray of "Mini Indulgences" was brought around, and we selected the coffee-flavored one (to die for) and a tangy lemon one that contrasted well with our chocolatey coffee selection.  I'd choose the coffee one again but would try a different flavor for the second.Drinks:  We tried the recommended Strawberry Martini, which was surprisingly large (they leave the shaker with you so you can keep the remaining drink iced) and incredibly fresh. Apparently the liquor had been soaking in fresh strawberries all day.  My husband tried the Ginger Mule, which was as odd as it sounds but was served in a tin cup, which was fun.  We were a little disappointed in the Chocolate Martini, which was a little too syrupy for my tastes.  It tasted a little like that chocolate wine you can buy in a bottle at the grocery store.Overall, we had a fantastic time.  A couple of dishes weren't worth the high price in my mind (the flatbread and chocolate martini, namely), but if you select wisely, the majority of the dishes were spectacular.
4	SCOTTSDALE: Seasons 52 is a terrific chain with healthy items and local fare.  It mostly packs a lot of flavor within those right restrictions.The ambience is modern, geometric and a little on the formal side.  It was perfect for a lunch with business associates.FOODCaramelized Scallops (5 stars): These were a very generous serving of scallops; they have quite a few.  Well prepared and served atop asparagus and risotto. Lobster Flatbread (4 stars): Flatbread is more like a cracker than a "bread" and the taste is good, but toppings are a little less plentiful than you might hope.Fish Tacos (3 stars): These were good, but a little dry and could use more flavor.The burger looked a little on the weak side as well, but I didn't try it.
2	I have eaten at another Seasons 52 it was okay.   Waiter was nice efficient.   The food very disappointing.  I had some good soup the chili. But my Caesar salad was beyond boring.   The greens seemed like they had been sitting on a counter for 2 days.   The chicken I had them add was void of taste.  The dressing out of a bad jar of boring dressing.   Ugh.
3	We had reservations for 10 at 8:30pm on a saturday and were seated promptly. Drink orders were taken but didn't arrive for about 20 minutes. It was another 30 mins for our food to arrive after that. Everyone had a hard time reading the menus due to the low lighting, and were all in our 30's. I think everyone was happy with their meal but not overly excited about it.  Prices were reasonable though. We were never offered a second round of drinks and only saw our server briefly after our food arrived.  Everyone's glasses were empty half way through the meal which was pretty disappointing. We tried to get her attention but to no avail. I don't think we'll be back.
5	The food was delicious and healthy.  Every item is less than 475 calories, but my wife and I were both still content after dining. Atmosphere is upscale; prices are high but not unreasonable ($15/person/lunch). Overall, it was a wonderful experience that we'll be enjoying again.
5	The entire experience was nothing but TEN stars.  The menu was spot on for Arizona summers ... cool and lite. The food was excellent. The quinoa salad was superb. I can't wait to go back again and again trying something new off the menu each time.
4	Wow.  Everything here was delectable,Healthy eating, seasonal items, and melded so well together.  Wonderfully Paired with a glass of dry or sweet wine. Indulge yourself in the mini desserts,  SO WORTH IT!!! Stick to one at a time to savor every lick from your dessert spoon and not to cross flavors that aren't paired well together. Nice & clean interior.  Relaxed ambiance. Live female singer with easy on the ears voice. Good service.Had to wait to be seated even with a reservation, although the kind hostess did make us aware as to the reason for this.  Communication is key.Definitely going back.
1	I was so pleased with my first experience at Seasons 52 (Sacramento), I wrote the company and made it a point to visit the Biltmore location when I returned home.  Each of 3 visits there have been less than the previous; so much so, I won't return.The staff is waaaay too consumed with entertaining themselves.  Eating at the bar, I was ignored repeatedly.  But what really pissed me off was, over the holidays, I visited for dinner, and I ordered two steak and mushroom soups to go.  When I got home, what they had given me was completely different, wrong.I returned the next day at 11:01am.  I didn't want to go during the lunch rush but since I was early, I had to wait for the manager in a staff meeting (apparently he does not have staff), he came out 22 minutes after I had arrived, NO APOLOGY WHATSOEVER, not for the messed-up order, not for having me wait, nothing.   Wait.  Isn't this the "SERVICE" industry?  Why, yes.  Yes it is.  But just not here.Then, instead of ASKING if I still wanted the soup, he simply stated, "You want a refund, right?", so I answered yes,  He gave me a refund and a business card for a $25 off next visit.Fuck him. I'd rather have the $25 than his apology.  But get this: 45 days later, when I presented $25-off card with my check, the bartender, also my waiter, informed me that this was a seasonal promotion and wasn't valid any longer.YOU KNOW THESE PEOPLE OWN(ED) OLIVE GARDEN?  RED LOBSTER?  WHAT WOULD THEY KNOW ABOUT FINE DINING?  nothing.NEVER AGAIN.  Not even for free.  for nothing else than he kept waiting a past customer with  a problem.  Clearly he was perfect for Darden Restaurants.
4	Absolutely love the concept of getting to go out, eat good food, and it still be good for you! Typically it feels like healthy eating is an at-home activity only. Seasons 52 has an upscale atmosphere so it's good for work lunches. I had the Vegetarian Tasting Plate, which was quite good. The tofu was my favorite - great savory flavor and a good consistency. The prices are a little high so unfortunately I won't eat here as often as I would if entrees were in the $10 range. Service was prompt and I was in & out in an hour at lunch (another reason it's good for a work lunch).
5	My husband took me to Seasons 52 for my birthday. We had a great time! Really romantic atmosphere at night and enjoyed the live music.To start we got a few flat breads to share which were great! I got the scallops over a lemon risotto with asparagus for dinner and it was fantastic! I keep thinking about it and can't wait to go back! It's a little pricey when you are having wine as well but worth it! Also everything on the menu is under 475 calories which made it guilt free! Although they bring around individual desserts at the end to choose from in mini shot glasses! Could not pass that up! Love this place!
5	Excellent food, and great service from Matt. We had to wait a moment, less than 5 minutes, before being seated for lunch at approximately 11:30. The lobster flatbread was well-cooked and balanced in flavors, and my guest's duck looked quite good. The wine selection is excellent.
5	We reserved a private room for a 50th wedding anniversary. From start to finish the process and service were amazing. The menu was awesome, food was awesome, service was awesome. Our guests had an amazing time. Our server, Sally, was amazing. She was attentive and knowledgeable. Everything was handled smoothly and professionally. Sally made sure everyone had whatever they needed. I can not praise her enough. From the get go Adrienne made everything as easy as possible. From selecting the menu to the wines it was smooth sailing. My hat goes off to the entire staff of Seasons 52. If we need to do another event this will be on my top 10 list. Thank you again to Adrienne, Sally and Trey for making this a memorable evening for our family.
5	We had soft tacos for lunch! Duck and Mahi Mahi with quino salad. This is a great place for lunch and I recommend it. The summer menu is lite and fun.
5	I use to eat at the South Coast Plaza in OC California a lot, every time we had a birthday, baby shower, or promotion we would seem to gravitate toward seasons 52.  The Phoenix location has the usual nice atmosphere and waiters.  All their dishes are under 500 calories, nicely portioned.  Menu changes every season so all the ingredients are always super fresh.  Can't go wrong here if you want a healthy and nice meal out.  I honestly haven't gotten anything here I don't like I am always left wanting more.. is it their small portions or amazing taste? I have yet to find out.
3	To start off - our server could not have been more friendly. She was awesome!For food I ordered the lump crab wedge salad (half size) and the duck flatbread.  The duck flatbread was modeled after peking duck you would order at a Chinese restaurant with the Peking sauce and the green onions.  I would have enjoyed the dish more if the chunks of duck had been more noticeable (didn't really taste them) and if the flatbread had been a little less crispy (burnt at the edges).The crab salad was tasty.  I felt the dressing was a bit too sour and would have actually enjoyed like a creamy blue cheese dressing, but of course, that probably would not have fit in with the restaurant's goal of having every dish under 400 calories.I think I've come to realize that I'm one of those people that enjoys (when I eat out) big chunks of fatty meat, stuff cooked in butter, cream sauces, so for that reason this restaurant isn't my #1 favorite. but for others who are more health-concious I can see this as being an excellent choice!FYI: they have a separate vegetarian menu, so make sure you ask for that if you are a vegetarian.also, I must be getting old bc the lighting in here was SO DIM it was difficult to read the menu. I had to put my face super up close to the menu to read it and it was straining my eyes. we eventually had to pull out our phones to use as lights.
5	Not too shabby!! Food was excellent. Service was superb!! I had the spinach salad and the chicken chili!! It was so good. My hubby had the corn soup and salmon salad. He said it was great. He's not a huge salmon fan and the waiter recommend it. And he did not disappoint.
5	Great service and delicious food. Usually get the trout but other items are great as well. You can get dessert without feeling guilty with low calorie dinners and a shot glass sized dessert. Mmmm.
1	When I cook and fail it's still better than Seasons 52. Looking for great food in upscale settings within a walking distance? Go to Hillstone just East of 26th st.
5	After reading some of the more recent reviews we were a little concerned about what might happen if we ate here. Whatever the previous customers experienced was atypical. As it was a Monday evening we didn't make a reservation and we were seated at a booth immediately. There were a number of tables already occupied and a steady flow of customers kept the place busy. Our waiter, Trey, greeted us, explained everything, took our drink order, and our food order with a smile and served everything correctly and efficiently. We had the Karluk River salmon and the sea bass with a wine flight and a cocktail. The food was superb. At the end of the meal the dessert tray was presented and deciding which one to have was a real challenge. We wanted key lime pie, which was not on the menu, but Trey went to the kitchen for us and found that they actually had some so we got what we wanted. This extra service made the meal a resounding success. A great dining experience that we highly recommend.
4	Took my daughters MIL here for a belated birthday lunch.  Both of us are healthy eaters and Seasons did not let us down.  Our server offered to switch out the lavish for fresh veggies with the hummus dip.  When the veggies arrived they smelled amazing.  You could smell the fresh cucumbers as soon as it was set on the table.  We both opted for the salad with goat cheese and had asked for our dressing to be on the side but when the salads arrived, they were both dressed.  Our server offered to take them both back but we declined.  Salads were excellent, perfect size for lunch.  Server could have been a little more friendly but was very attentive.  Will definitely go back.
5	The food was great and my experience was amazing. My servers were so kind and helpful and they really assisted me for my order. The appetizers were so tasty and also it just melted in my mouth, so good so perfect I had a great time and I highly recommend coming its perfect for family and for a date.
2	I usually like this place, but the last 2 times we have had terrible service. Do not sit in the bar if you plan on having a nice time. We had a reservation and were seated in a booth in the bar. The absolute worst service - doubt I will be back. If you plan to dine here and make a reservation, make sure and request a booth that is NOT in the bar if you don't want to be disappointed. Decent food but below satisfactory service on two prior occasions.
5	Great menu, drinks food appetizers, everything. Great variety, nice healthy options. They made a small mistake on my take out order, a simple modification that was made by the kitchen, and not caught by the host. She repeated my order back three times with the modification but didn't check my order before handing it over.  When I informed them I was back at work and couldn't come back they offered me a gift certificate. It was a small mistake no big deal and they treated it as if there was a bug in my food haha. I appreciated that. They are very polite and Proffesional. This is elite customer service.
4	This is the second time dining at Seasons 52. The first time was in Florida. I'm happy to say that the experience was just as good. You can't go wrong with their flatbreads. The menu changes depending on what's in season. We ordered several entrees and each one was cooked well, with great flavor.The restaurant is located by the biltmore where there are several different dining options. It's worth coming here if you're in the area (or if you're looking for a dinner spot).
4	So delish!! Had a great experience here with some girlfriends for Phoenix restaurant week! They have a pianist that playing relaxing music in the middle of the bar. If you are looking for a nice dinner, with reasonable $$, and great service then check out Seasons 52!!
4	Excellent food and service with a full bar and wine list. I attended a special event here so was limited on my menu choice but will return to sample some of the other menu items. The flatbread pizza was excellent.
5	I love the food here!  Service is great and consistent.  Great for business lunches.   All meals under 600 calories,  but you'd never know it.   I could eat lunch here every day and never get tired of it.
5	Seasons 52 serves seasonally inspired ingredients with nothing on the menu more than 475 calories. I think the waiter told us that the main menu changes seasonally while the side menu (specials) are weekly.  The whole menu looked amazing and made it difficult to decide.  I wanted everything, but opted to try a few smaller items to get more flavors/tastes to my meal.We all started with drinks, some choosing from the extensive wine list and I chose a locally brewed hefeweizen from Oak Creek Brewery.  I decided to start with the Piedmontese Beef and Black Bean Chili.  It had a great flavor, the right amount of heat, but was way too salty for my liking.  I followed up with the Sonoma Goat Cheese Ravioli and the Cider Glazed Grilled Chicken Skewers.  The Ravioli were delicious, light and accompanied by a roasted onion jus, not a heavy creamy sauce.   The chicken skewers also had a perfect char grilled outside, moist inside and came with sun dried cranberries, apple slaw and pumpkin seeds.  I took notice of my dining companions dishes as well and the rack of lamb was making my mouth water.  Perfectly cooked to medium rare with a pomegranate sauce, potatoes and vegetables.  Same goes for the filet mignon which had broccollini as the accompaniment.Desserts are presented table side in these little shot glass looking containers.  There just enough to satisfy your craving for something sweet without pushing you over the edge with a huge dessert.  I had something with chocolate, chocolate and more chocolate...yum.  There were 7 or 9 to choose from and all $2.95 I think.Service was impeccable.  He recognized our friends who live in the area and welcomed them back.  Patient with the two "newbies" and took time to explain everything to us since it was our first visit.  There is a piano in the middle of the bar and perfect background music to enjoy a great dinner.
3	I had a good experience here. Nice selection of food for either vegetarian or the meat eater. The shrimp app was my fav of all the dishes I tried.  All of my food was very good and I really don't have any complaints expect it was just missing that little" somethin' somethin'" that will make me want to go back again...know what I mean?? Prices are all around pretty fair. I left full and slightly more buzzed than intended..thanks to the heavy handed bartender :)
4	Went to happy hour.  The waiter at the bar was great!   Food was good.  Appetizer Sonoma goat cheese torta.  Entree  scallops with broccolini and asparagus.   Plus a glass of red wine.
5	I loved the restaurant and the waiter we had was above and beyond good. The place is a little hard to find it didn't make any sense to me that the address was adjacent to the street it was actually on. I went with a friend so there was only two of us, but the shrimp appetizer was fantastic and my tuna crunch salad was absolutely perfect. My friend got the lamb chop dinner and he really enjoyed that. The food was fresh and wonderful. I love the indoor setting but we sat outside because it was so beautiful, next time I think I'll go enjoy a different area of the restaurant. I loved that it looked very fancy but many people were dressed very casual including the waiters. So I was very at ease and comfortable in my shorts and top.Most of my friends would say I have a very high standard to meet with my food, I would agree.  I like good fresh food that I can taste flavors in and this place did it for me.
5	This place was REALLY good. The grill at Stingray was broken so we went over to Seasons 52. A very pleasant experience.
3	My mother-n-law has been wanting my wife and I to go with her to this restaurant for some time, so with other family members in town we all had dinner here.  The wait wasn't too bad and the food was really good.  The coffee is a tad bit too strong for me, which kept me up most of the night.  It was too dark to even see the menu so we all had our cell phone flashlights on.  Over all it was okay.  It came to about $27.00 per person, which is more about location than anything else.  Its a good place for a once a year meal.
1	The low rating is not for service. Our Waiter Michael was fantastic.  The major problem is the Gluten Free menu.  Ordered salad and menu stated Gorgonzola and it came with Blue Cheese.  Chef is not relating to service staff any changes to dishes.  If you have Celiac Disease don't eat here.  My wife's gut states the chef doesn't care about us.  Thank you for making my wedding anniversary worrying over my wife's pain.
5	Lou was in an understatement AMAZING recommended all of our food and we were more then satisfied he really knows his job and how to please thanks for making our day more than expected we will definitely be back there when in the area thanks Lou !!!!!!!
5	We had an unexpectedly great night, last night. The meal was excellent and our server, Fernando, was by far the best server any of us had ever had anywhere. He made the night exceptional!!!The menu has a huge assortment of dishes and wines and everything we ate and drank was delicious!! And we especially loved the mini desserts. So decadent without overindulging, if you can stop after one!Thanks Fernando.... you rock!
4	Great choice for Thanksgiving dinner! Food was great, including mini pumpkin pie and our server Mike was awsome! Even had leftovers to take home.  Can't wait to come back!
3	We finally went to lunch here and everything was great.  Here's what we don't get every time we walk in here.  We walk into an empty restaurant.   The hostess asks if we have a reservation.  We tell them "no" then they take our name, and say it will be a few minutes to be seated in said empty restaurant.  We stand to the side with other couples scratching our heads thinking "why can't you seat us in an empty restaurant?"   We watch as other couples walk in and got through the same drill.  We don't know if this is part of the haughty pretentiousness of this place, but it's odd.  The food?  It's great.  Scallops were great.  Salad was great.  Lobster pizza was delish.  But we just leave this place scratching our heads at the hostess stand.
5	Excellent Value for Money paid.  The food was well prepared, served in a timely fashion, and overall a highly recommended place for clean and healthy food that won't break the bank.  Service was great, ambiance and location in the Biltmore add a nice touch of class.
4	Been to the California location years ago and just thought it was okay. Gave it another shot when this Biltmore location opened for dinner with a group of friends and I really enjoyed it! We had the fish and chicken snd it was delicious.  I like how there is a lot of veggies and everything isn't drenched in butter and salt. My husband was not as enthusiastic about the lack of carbs and the amount of vegetables :) Desserts are cute little 3 bite servings that don't make you feel like you have to roll yourself out of the place.  The service was top notch. They even have a private room that would be perfect for a nice dinner party! We will be back off sure :)
4	Different than before, but still yummy and light.We hadn't been since last fall, but popped in a Friday night for a nice dinner out.  The restaurant has moved down-market a bit (not a bad thing).   Gone are the high-end steakhouse touches (white table cloths, combing the table for crumbs, etc.), and the menu prices are a bit lower (not too many items over $30 on what is a pretty sophisticated/upscale-sounding menu).  They've also gone to pre-fab desserts in a glass (again, not necessarily a bad thing).As before, all their items are less than like 500 calories - but their portions are not small by any means.   Very cool.My wife had a filet (quite good), and I had the sesame encrusted swordfish - also quite awesome.The highlight though, had to be the seasonal cocktail - cranberry & sage.  It's gin, white cranberry juice, soda, cranberries, and candied sage.  It's conceptually reminiscent of a mojito, and is crazy good (not too sweet, very refreshing).  It's also incredibly visually appealing.  It's a must-have.Maybe it's the whole Olive-Garden association in my head, but I always forget how good this place is, and now that it's become a bit less upscale, I think we'll be visiting more often.
4	So much better this time around! Thank you seasons 52 for showing us how delicious you really are! We will be back.
5	The food and the service here is exceptional. Especially if you are lucky enough to get Ryan as your server. I can't rave about the food enough. I have eaten here countless times and can't recall a single bad dish or experience.
4	Hubby and I went for some wine and dessert! We sat at the wine bar and it happened to be live piano bar night. Such a fun time! Great wine, delicious little desserts! Food looked to be very small portions for a high price, that's not my kind of place but we did have fun at the wine bar!
5	Wonderful bartenders, great food, good atmosphere. And u can't beat food that has flavor AND is calorie conscience!! Mom and I love it here! Also, $5.00 happy hour plates Monday thru F
