4	This Fuddruckers location is just down the street from where I live... so I've been here on quite a few occasions. However, the whole "exotic" burgers they've been promoting the past month or so have gotten me more excited to visit them. I was really looking forward to trying an ostrich burger... but alas, ostrich isn't in season until November. I ordered a wild boar burger instead.It was quite tasty. I got it with pepper jack cheese and bacon (because topping of wild pig with more pig just made sense)... and it was quite filling. :) I've never been disappointed with service at this location. So yay for Fuddruckers!
5	Almost always stop here when I am passing through. Burgers are always delicious and cooked to order. I ordered my burger "as rare as possible" and got it that way.
4	Service is good, the burgers are fresh, you can get any toppings you want, I do wish that they had a side that wasn't fried, like a small salad or veggies.  Great lunch place!
4	I have ate here about 8 times and they always have great bugers here. I have never had a real bad experence here only thing I can point to was my wife found a long grey hair in her food from an older lady who worked there but other than that great palce to eat. They need to find a way to clean some of the tables in the back room your fingers stick to them a little bit just make sure to keep your food on your plate.They also offer other type of bugers such as Buffalo, Turkey, Elk, Fish...etc so there is a lot to type and come back to test out. I have never been brave enough to try one of the other burgers even though I hear they are really good, look for a review in the future. I also love the milk shakes they serve here, strawberry is the best. Not only do they fill up your glass but they give you the rest in what they use to blend it.
5	I had a great burger experience here and intend to return the next time I am craving a Fuddburger. I also got to introduce a friend to Fuddrucker's for the first time, so it was a cherry-poppin' adventure. Not only are the burgers here tasty, but I love the fact that you get to pick and choose the toppings from their self-serve produce and condiment bars. One of my favorite things on french fries is Heinz 57 sauce and Fuddrucker's is truly awesome for including that amongst its vast condiment selection.As a professed condiment whore, I was thrilled to discover a new flavor of Tabasco I have never encountered before... and I like to think I really know my Tabasco products, having lived in Louisiana for years. This Fuddruckers special-orders the Sweet & Spicy variety of Tabasco which is not only great on a burger, but would work as an egg-roll dipping sauce. Knowing that I must have it for home use, my dining partner graciously approached the manager who arranged to allow him to purchase a bottle. This was just one example of how efficient, helpful, and friendly the staff here are. Next visit, I will demand to meet the one who refers to himself only as "Mr. Crusty Baker" (see photos).The restaurant also has a lot of shiny fun decor evoking shameless Americana and Route 66 roadside culture. The bright colors and the overindulgence in fast food goodness contributes to a heightened state of arousal that can only be described as a "Burger Party Contact High". You can just feel the burger love... the afterglow punctuated by the difficult click of the seat belt as you strap in for a ride back to a somber, less-gluttonous reality.
5	They make their own bread!! Nothing is pre packaged, everything here is fresh.  You can choose your meat size!  I recommend this place to anyone who is a burger lover!! I can no longer go to a drive through for a burger
5	deserving of 5 stars for the following reasons...1)Custom make your own burger 2) They make their own bread daily3) Fresh ingredients you can choose and put on yourself 5)The variety in their " sauce bar"6)The onion rings 7) The order and seat yourself thing- i likeyFuddruckers fudding rocks!
5	Excellent! I love this place!
4	Awesome burgers!! Add some grilled jalepenos for an awesome treat.
3	I enjoy stopping by this joint once in a while since they have such a variety of burgers to try from elk, beef, turkey, buffalo, chicken, and more. This time I got the turkey burger on a whole wheat bun with potato wedges. One of the best turkey burgers I have had since it once a ground turkey patty with no grease. I would recommend for those that enjoy a good turkey burger!
5	Completely remodeled! So bright and open! Love it! The burger was great as usual. The condiment bar was clean with lots of fresh veggies and peppers and other fun things to top your burger. The new soda machines are so much better than the dirty fountain ones they used to have with the yucky drains. The fries are the best part. They have an amazing seasoning on them that I just can't seem to get enough of. The price... Under $10! for a burger/fries/and drink!!!! Just can't beat that. I had strayed from Fudd's for a while and now I will return all the time. What a drastic improvement. I am going back for nachos soon. They really have the best nachos, despite being an appetizer, they are  whole meal they are so huge and have so much yummy goodness on them! I also love the buffalo chicken sandwich. It is a little more money than the burgers but worth it and you can pick either fried chicken or grilled. Ok, enough ranting about how amazing this location is now with the remodel. But really, it does not look like the same place!!!!
5	My husband and I went to Fudd's after a long hiatus and I have to tell you, we're going back again within the week!  I am trying to eat healthy but he was craving a burger, so we went anyway.  They have a turkey burger that is to DIE for!  I am craving it as we speak, and just announced that we should be going there tomorrow night for dinner.  I got the burger plain for the most part; added shredded lettuce, tomatoes, jalapenos, a small amount of mayo and some ketchup.  Voila!  That was one of the greatest burgers (beef included) I have ever had in my life.Had both the steak fries and some of the sweet potato fries.  Each excellent.  Love this place!!
2	Fuddruckers is a burger place. Unfortunately you pay $30 for two people to have a combo and the burgers are flavorless. I don't understand why most burger places don't create their won meat mix of different cuts, mix their beef with ingredients or at least season their meat. The toppings on top are great but they don't add flavor to the actual hamburger patty. My wife got the Kobe burger..of course a $9 Kobe burger isn't really Kobe beef but it was flavorless as well.
5	I don't go here often but when I do you'll find me sucking on the cheese pump.  'MERICA!
5	OMG, If you want a GREAT BURGER there is nothing in comparison...I'm sorry but I have been to so many places to try something different and I am always let down because I expect it to be better than Fudruckers and it never is...Awesome fresh baked  buns and cheese sauce for the fries...Its a must try..get the burgers medium to medium-well, Never well done....LATE
5	Wow! Had this for lunch and it was SO good. Came around 10:45 so right after it opened. There was no wait and I ordered immediatley. I ordered a 1/2 lb medium rare burger with american cheese, with wedge fries and a drink. Total was around $11.50 so a little pricey. It came out pretty fast, around 10 minutes. I took this time to use their AWESOME condiment bar and filled up on a ton of drinks and CHEESE. The burger was AMAZING. Best I've had in Arizona. It was cooked to perfection, (Actually it was a little closer to medium than medium rare) and seasoned AMAZINGLY. The fries were fluffy on the inside and crisp on the outside. Everything was great! I will definitely be back and I would love to try some of the other items here.
4	Well I want to start off by saying that fudds really does make a great burger. With that being said I found out that they also do a footlong chili cheese dog that is awesome too. Can't forget that they serve that awesome cheese in the pump! Where else would anyone find that? Add as much condiments as you want and make the burger yours! This location is always busy but the employees ( from the times I've been here ) always seem to be very pleasant to deal with.
4	A great burger place. It could use some more consistency with the temperature and size of the fries though. I am not a fan of the new coke machines because they get really crowded when the place is busy.
2	had not been to this Fuddruckers for a few years even though it is less than a mile from my house. It was ok...nothing special, not anything that would bring me back for another three years. Used to really like their onion rings, but those have changed and were a little too greasy for my taste. I had Turkeyburger. Not a whole lot you can do to make this outstanding. Place had been remodeled since last time we were in. Not sure what they are going for as a theme, but again, nothing special or memorable.Do like the soda machine that give you a hundred choices...
3	This is the plainest Fuddruckers I have been to. The decor is simple, the condiment section is the smallest I have seen. The staff was inattentive and looked like they were ready to call it a night at 8:30 pm on a Saturday. The prices at this location seemed higher than what I have paid for at other fuddruckers. Burgers were ok but not great like I have had other times. The fries were cold and looked old.
3	The burgers are good enough but way over-priced for a counter service type restaurant. It's a neat place to take the kids though.
5	Been here three times total and so far I have not been let down. It is absolutely the best burger in Arizona. Amazingly seasoned and cooked burgers, and not to mention... A cheese pump! Also service is never bad here the staff always greets us with smiles
3	It's a burger joint nothing more sadly I don't go there much. Reason is I find there burgers very very greasy and unimpressive. For the cost I would likely go some were else sadly.
3	Not the best burger by any means, but passale   Horrendous setup by the drink machine almost impossible to get by because it is so crowded and tiny aisle to go past
4	Great burger! Had the hangover burger... Simply glorious! The restaurant has a great interior. The only reason I didn't give this place a 5 star rating is because the outside of the restaurant appearance sucks! I have worked right by this restaurant for almost 2 years and drive by it on my way in to work every single day...it just looks like a run down restaurant that is about to be shut down so I never had any interest. The ONLY reason I decided to try it was because my husband ate at a Phoenix location and said it was amazing. He said the outside of their restaurant is even worse... Something to look into because the food and service was awesome...
3	As a restaurant that specializes in a certain food item (burgers) I am surprised that they have not come up with something more creative for vegetarians.  Given, it IS a burger joint, I get that, but in today's world, vegetarianism isn't so uncommon and many other restaurants have found ways to prepare vegetarian food that has flavor.  Why can't Fuddrucker's?I visited this location with my family a couple of days ago.  I asked about the veggie burger and an employee said, "I'm not going to lie.  It's a frozen patty and is flavorless."  Since I had no other option, I ordered it anyway knowing that I wouldn't enjoy it.  I was more than perturbed to discover that my burger did not even include cheese.  Seriously?  Why do people assume that vegetarians do not enjoy flavor?  At an added cost, I opted to have my frozen patty topped with Swiss cheese.  Why did I have to pay extra for this?  Certainly it is costing Fuddrucker's less money to serve a meatless burger...  After building my burger at the salad bar, it was okay, I guess but certainly not worth the price.  The staff was nice, but in order to return, I also need my food to be worth what I pay.  Sorry, Fuddrucker's.  On the bright side, my husband claims he enjoyed his non-vegetarian burger.
5	Good God, I love this place! The burgers are delicious here! The staff are friendly, the restaurant is always clean and the food is ready very quickly. I always order the Hangover burger with the fried egg on it. So good. I highly recommend Fuddruckers as a go-to burger joint.
3	The food was good and came out fairly quick, the only issues was the service and beverage station. My burger was done and sitting on their service table for a few minutes before I went and asked if my number was ready and it was just wasn't ever called.  When I went to get my beverage, the brewed tea was completely empty and when I asked to have it filled, the staff took 10 minutes before they came out. After I finally got my drink, my food, and table, the meal was enjoyable. Some rough edges but still a decent eatery.
3	The food was good and came out fairly quick, the only issues was the service and beverage station. My burger was done and sitting on their service table for a few minutes before I went and asked if my number was ready and it was just wasn't ever called.  When I went to get my beverage, the brewed tea was completely empty and when I asked to have it filled, the staff took 10 minutes before they came out. After I finally got my drink, my food, and table, the meal was enjoyable. Some rough edges but still a decent eatery.
4	Fuddruckers is an amazing restaurant. Food was excellent. Totally worth it. Highly recommended.
