3	My wife and I used this U-Haul company to facilitate our move from North Phoenix down to Scottsdale. We made our reservations online, so our first time seeing the establishment was on moving day. The actual facility is very nice. It's only a few years old at the most, and it's in a prime location right off of the Cave Creek exit on the 101.  Not only does this location have a  large fleet of trucks, but it also has on-site storage!Upon reaching the location (which opened at 7:00 am), I walked in to pick up my truck. I was out of the building and into the rental truck by 7:05. Now, I understand that speed and efficiency are an integral part of any business...but so is customer service. The whole transaction was very impersonal...much like I imagine getting a check-up from an ex-lover physician might be. There was no attempt at any type of connection between myself and the employee. No, "where are you moving?...oh, that sounds nice...best of luck...blah, blah, blah." It might not sound like much, but a little interest goes a long way in my book.The truck itself was an older model, but it was relatively well maintained. The steering was loose, but all in all, the truck got our belongings from point A to point B with relative ease.The whole move ended up costing less than $100, give or take a case of water (moving in Phoenix during the summer is NOT recommended).Upon returning the truck, it was back business as usual. I walked into the lobby, and there were three employees lounging by the desk (one of them with his feet up). As soon as I came through the door, all three employees just sat there, and I felt like they had just been telling jokes at my expense...very awkward. I don't think there were more than 5 words exchanged between the cashier and myself upon closing my order. So, if you don't mind being ignored by customer service attendants in exchange for a decent price, this might be the place for you.
1	I have used this U-Haul Storage for nearly a year. If one was to ask me if this was a good place to store their property? I would have responded with an empathetic yes! That is, until two Saturdays ago and my dealings with the acting manager, Dave.Now, I'm typically a month behind on my storage fees. But I always pay up, late, but it gets done. Late money spends the exact same as timely money. I'm paying nearly $300 for a locked space I barely enter for a near year! A rate they actually raised on me halfway through my rental! I should have been grandfathered in rather than victimized by a rental hike 4-5 months into the rental but they knew I had no choice and had to pay the increased rate!A new employee said he couldn't help me because he did not have keys to the locks. He just walked away from us. We had to wait for Dave to finish with an elderly couple that walked in when we did. Dave could have easily helped us briefly or refused to help us (as he already had decided to refuse me help). Instead, we were forced to witness the most uncomfortable & unethical 10 minutes of our lives! U-Haul associates make financial commissions when they sell optional insurances. Of course, there are guidelines and a basic code of ethics  regarding the salesmanship of such optional services for obvious reasons. Reasons that were made clear this horrid day.The optional insurance is optional. But when the elderly couple asked Dave why their total was much higher than expected, with a straight face, Dave informed them that it was higher because of the "mandatory" insurance for the rental vehicle. He simply added it to their bill. He never asked them if they wanted it or explained to them their options!After a bunch of lies and double talk, Dave bullied the couple into paying for optional insurance that they may very well have never needed. They certainly made it clear that they had not wanted it but finally took it after Dave made it clear it wasn't an option. Dave got his extra money!Without pulling me up on his computer screen he told me rudely that if he opened my unit, with such a high balance (nothing new for the past year) he would get fired. He had never seen such a high balance! He refused to allow me access. He ridiculed me and made me feel like I was the scum of the planet.At least when I sold optional services, I sold them ethically and never bullied people into taking it against their wills. What a disgusting and greedy person. And he had to make a scene over me having a balance albeit one I've paid for nearly 12 consecutive months.Even when I demanded to make a payment towards my balance he refused to accept it unless it was paid in full.If one is looking for a storage unit I would strenuously suggest looking elsewhere!
1	The products, tools are all the same. I have been using Uhaul my whole life. Will continue to. But no doubt this place has a serious customer service problem. I would strongly suggest you find a different uhaul to spend your money at.
5	Great customer service! I have used this location several times and continue to be happy with their service overall!
