5	I found this store at a downtown San Diego mall a couple years back and immediately became a fan. More so because they are almost always involved in some kind of  charity or organization that  gives back. I actually had no idea they had this store here until we walked by it. They also have one at Fashion Show Mall which just recently opened about a week ago. Cotton On is a chic and inexpensive place to buy clothes, bags, accessories,and shoes! I bought a bag here for less than 20 bucks, cute shoes for 10, a hat, and a belt for 9.99. I also donated a buck and got a cute charm bracelet. Those proceeds go to needy and hungry kids! Just love a store thats involved with helping others and also sell cute and inexpensive things! Yay this place!
4	Ever since we went to the outlet store in Milpitas, I am a fan of the brand. So imagine my excitement when I knew that this brand was coming to Las Vegas (according to the "coming soon" sign at Fashion Show mall we saw a few weeks ago). A mix of classic & trendy, this is the go-to for cotton basics at reasonable prices- an excellent way to update your closet when you're on a budget. Sizing is spot on for me- I usually wear mediums across the board for tops (small if the label fits big, and large in child sizes).  We went here yesterday (we're not at the Meadows that much so we notice the changes right away). I picked up a striped lightweight cardigan for $10! Other colors available are: black, navy, white, and grey. I love cardigans and it's an important staple in my wardrobe. I usually wear them with my dresses, and sometimes even in the summer time (the AC makes it cold in the office). The lowest price rack was 2/$15. I didn't see any signs posted higher than $25. There were two people working on the floor. I made my purchase and rounded up; made a donation for a group in Africa (neat idea). The cashier was very nice. He told us that there were CO stores in all the malls except the Galleria (Henderson). Will definitely stop at all the store locations because the inventory could be slightly different.
4	Good prices.  It's like a cheaper H&M but the quality is good for its price point.  They have amazing deals on tank tops (I love tank tops) and short shorts for men(also love me some short shorts lol).
4	This is a very nice store with affordable but cute clothing. I found a couple of very nice dresses there and will be back regularly to look for more. Be warned though, not everything in the store is 100% cotton ;-)
