1	STAY AWAY. Overpriced and horrible. WORST EXPERIENCE EVER. They tried to charge me $83 for a certificate of health. Thats fourty dollars for an exam and forty dollars so the stupid vet could sign his name on a piece of paper. I threw a fit and finally they took off the office visit. DON'T GO. Staff was so stupid.
3	I recently brought my seven year-old kitty cat here when she started bleeding.  They treated her quickly and with great care and tenderness.  I was made to feel somewhat guilty for her "behavior" (i.e. growling and hissing) in the afternoon, when she had been there since the morning.  I think it's normal for a cat to react with nervous anger when it can hear dogs barking and whining all around, not to mention the smells.  Before this Nitro (my kitty) had been going to a first class vet in Gilbert, so she's quite spoiled.  :)  The Banfield Wellness plan really saved us a lot of money, since we knew she'd need urinalysis and other tests.  The veterinarian is sweet and kind, and she also really knows her stuff.  She provided great feedback and a handshake.  Very nice woman!  My rating is less than stellar, because I do have a few complaints, as a person who considers her pet to be a family member.  First, I think the exam rooms could be better insulated to reduce outside noise.  It's very scary for me to be in there, hearing the commotion and barking and scratching outside the door.  I can only imagine how scary that might be for a little animal.  Second, I feel that the "nurses" (aka vet techs) were a little rude, especially compared to the wonderful, warm veterinarian.  The wait time, despite having an appointment for both visits, was really on the verge of unacceptable.  The first time, the wait was almost an hour!  Today my wait time was only about 20 minutes, but that's still a long time when you have a nervous animal in your arms...  Finally, the receptionists, who are very busy, are also pretty rude.  No eye contact, no "can I help you?", no smiles.  Maybe I'm spoiled too by our previous vet, but I would like to see a smile or maybe a moment of eye contact when I'm handing over money.  Despite the negatives, this place is still okay in my book.  It's a great way to save money while giving your pet the care he/she deserves!  And the vet is truly a compassionate, knowledgeable doctor.  :)
2	When I noticed my kitty starting to constantly, vigorously scratch her head, especially around her eye, I made an appointment for here.  Went to the appointment and waited for almost 3 hours before seeing anyone. Hearing all the dogs barking for that long terrified her that much more.  Then I finally got in waited some more, saw the vet assistant for only a couple minutes and again waited almost another hour before finally seeing the actual vet.No apologies for waiting all afternoon, no sympathy or compassion shown for a sick kitty.  Felt like I just took my car in to the repair shop.  She was examined, had tests run and the vet comes back and says Chloe (my cat) has ear mites.  I asked how thats possible.  She lives in a clean house, never goes outside, my other cat is fine.  The response was "I dont know, but she has mites".   3 different meds were prescribed and follow up was scheduled.   At the follow up, we saw a different vet who treated her better.  He explained everything to me, including pricing. I again asked about the ear mites.  He looked at her file and said she never had ear mites!  She just had a deep ear infection.Here's the kicker.  The first time she was brought in, she was so scared she had a little "accident" in her kennel.  I grabbed some tissues and immediately cleaned it up.  I asked the assistant where a garbage can was, she took the tissues from me and threw it out and then charged me a "medical waste disposal fee" of $4!  Overall, I would only recommend taking your pet there for something simple like getting shots updated or something very minor.  I want a vet who is going to get to know my pets and treat them more like a patient.  I won't be going back there.
5	I have been bringing my pet here for 10 years.They know me and my dog by name. They have always taken time to answer even the silliest questions I have. I cannot even begin to calculate the amount of money the wellness plan saves me for healthcare for my dog. They have a caring staff and provide great quality care. I wouldn't take my dog anywhere else
1	I took both of my dogs (koah, and baya) here to get their rabies shot, and everyone seemed nice and helpful. I figured this would be our normal vet from here on out trusting them with the care of my babies. Baya, who is a 4 month old puppy had a seizure. At the time I didn't know it was a seizure because she wasn't having the Grand Mal type. I called this vet to make an appointment and they were very helpful with getting me in that same day. When I took her in I explained everything that was happening. She was clapping her jaw, foam/slobber was coming out from her mouth, she had runny poops, her paws/nose were peeling, and her eyes were goopy. We saw Dr. Jennings and he first thought was that she had gotten bite by something or it was rabies. He was not clear AT ALL as to what else he thought it was. He asked us to complete a parvo test to make sure it wasn't that, so of course we did and the test came back negative. He talked with us letting us know that puppies are more prone to get respiratory infections and that he would put Baya on anti-vomiting medicine and an antibiotic, even thought she was not vomiting. Since I'm not a vet I thought this was fine and we would try out the medication and see how this worked out for our pup. This was not a quick process, he was very vague, and not of any assistant as to what was wrong with Baya. He just kept telling us that her eyes, the poops, and the foaming was not normal...well DUH it's not normal. We were there for over an hour figuring out nothing pretty much.Once we got home, Baya seemed okay, she wasn't her perky normal self but I figured she was just sick and things would get better the next couple days. Well I was completely wrong. Baya started having her clamping of the mouth seizures and they lasted for about 20 seconds. As the night went on she continued to have them. By 11:30pm she had about 10 of them. I was SO worried and in tears. She continued to have them through the night and early morning and they progressively had gotten worse. By 4:30am I was completely fed up with waiting it out and seeing if the medication would help and took her into the emergency vet (First Regional Animal Hospital). We walked in and not even 1 minute had past and the vet tech looked at her and said oh my gosh she has distemper. I was clueless as to what that was. She told me she has all of the symptoms; goopy eyes, rough nose and paws, runny poop, and seizures. I was shocked that the vet at Banfield, Dr. Jennings, did not pick up on this yesterday. It was an extremely sad visit because we learned there was really nothing left to do for our Baya and we chose to put her to sleep so she wouldn't have to suffer. I was beyond upset at Dr. Jennings for not seeing these signs when we took her to the vet just 10 hours before. Baya would NOT have had to suffer and went through what she did. We learned at the first regional hospital once they start having seizures, as she did yesterday when we took her to the vet at 2:30 just 10 hours prior to this, it's too far and there's not much else we can do. We could of put her down at that visit with Dr. Jennings and she would not have had to suffer those 10 hours.My recommendation is not to go to this vet, it was a terrible experience that poor Baya DID NOT have to go through.
5	Im confused why others gave mixed reviews.  I've been coming to this location for years for my three dogs. I have the Banfield plan so a lot of routine care is covered what's great with the plan is I something comes up unexpected, they will squeeze you in same day, and the visit is free unless u need meds or something extra! They also make multiple courtesy calls to remind you that your pet is due for a check up which busy people that forget appreciate. Love te docs and nurses here too. They treat your poochies like family!!
1	My hamster was sick and hadn't moved for 3 days so I schedule an euthanasia.  On the phone, I asked the receptionist how much it would be and she told me $35.  I asked there if there were any other fees, such as disposal of the hamster or anything else, and she told me no, it would only be $32.So I went and in the exam room, the lady told me it would be $70+.  I was surprised, as I told the lady that I was quoted $32.  She told me that it didn't include the consultation fee.  "What consultation?  I never got a consultation.  You just took my hamster and euthanized it."  I told her.She kept saying that I had to pay the consultation fee, until finally, in an annoyed tone, she told me she will go ask to waive the consultation fee.  In the end, I ended up only paying $32 for them to euthanize my hamster, which in my opinion, is a little high.  They told me they gave the hamster gas, and stabbed it in the heart.  All that for $35?  Well just last week, I called and asked about giving my 9 week old puppy shots, and the lady on the phone told me it would be around $80, but every Tuesday they give free vaccinations from 2:00 - 2:30.  Wary about this "free" shot, I asked her, "do you guys charge a consultation fee for this?"  She assured me no, that it was completely free.Well, what do you know.  I was about to bring my puppy in so  I called to schedule an appointment today (Tuesday).  This time, a different lady answered, and sounded very impatient and surly.  She told me that there were no such thing as a free vaccination.  They charged around $30 for the vaccination.  I asked her that someone told me they did free vaccinations every Tuesday, which she informed me that this "free vaccination" is not free.  They just waive the consultation fee.  Extremely annoyed, I thanked her for her time and hung up..  I called another Banfield in Gilbert asking about their vaccinations, and the lady who answered the phone there was very cheerful and polite.  Maybe it's just this location with horrendous customer service, clueless assistants, and rude receptionists.  However I will never come here again, and will advise my family and friends the same as well.
5	They took excellent care of my 10 year old Chihuahua and that means a lot, she's my baby. she was really sick when I brought her to them and after visiting them and getting the medication she needed she was back to herself.  Dr. Jennings was GREAT.
1	Been coming here for almost 10 years (I have three cats on the insurance plan). Tried to get an appointment for my cat who is limping badly and was told no one could see him. Even when scheduling a regular check-up now, we have to schedule for over two weeks out. Highly disappointed with the customer service I have been receiving. Not only do I have a problem with the customer service, but I also have an issue with the doctors here improperly diagnosing illnesses and/or not diagnosing illnesses altogether. My other cat has a blood disorder that went undiagnosed for nearly 5 months and he almost died from it not being diagonsed soon enough. Thankfully, a specialist was able to diagnose the issue but unfortuately my cat has suffered permanent blindness because of the disorder not being diagnoised sooner. I should have been done with Banfield after this situation. This is absolutely the last straw for us though. The insensitivity I experinced today was horrible. I will be canceling Banfield pet insurance and seeking a private Vet. Completely disgusted and appallled by Chandler Banfield, do not take your animals here they cannot help you beyond a normal routine visit scheudled two weeks out.
5	This Banfield is a great place. Nurses and doctors are all very knowledgeable, and they love animlas. My dog had a comp and teeth cleaned and they were very nice, they called me to let me know how she did and yes, receptionist did smile :). I give them 5 stars!
