5	Open, Open, Open. Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf in the Palazzo just opened last nite at the ungodly Vegas hour of like 11pm. Of course, after walking by it for days staring at the unopened storefront, we HAD to stop in when we saw their beautiful lit sign and actual people inside.Cream Cheese Cinnamon Roll is the CLEAR winner at the CB's and this one is no different. GET IT. If not, the massive slab of coffee cake looked like a good runner up for fat-package-on-assage and artery cloggage.Try the Moroccan Mint Tea Latte, MUST HAVE. Could use a bit more caffeine for sure though....not sure it's an AM thing, I need more leaded in my mornings.Bonus for being green conscious, their bags and cups are made from 100% recycled products.
4	If you keep kosher, finding kosher food in Vegas without going out of your way can be a challenge. Lucky us we found Coffee Bean right in our hotel, the Palazzo. They have great croissants, scones and refrigerated sandwiches, and most of them actually taste delicious! The weird thing was that the bread used for the tuna sandwiches was stale and falling apart yet the egg sandwiches were perfect.We had Coffee Bean for breakfast every single day of our vacation in Vegas.
5	Hungover mornings just aren't the same without my Coffee Bean and Tea in my palace (aka The Palazzo). Staggering from my room (or was it even my room?) I somehow find my way down to the main casino floor level where right there, in the corner, across from my convenience store selling all I need (cigarettes, alcohol, sunscreen and water) is my one stop shop for caffeine. Open 24 hours a day, it's got my lattes with wicked strong shots, and a nice selection of tea. What I love too is when you ask for honey with your tea you don't get those ghetto little honey packets, you get the honey sticks which I stock up on and suck on throughout the day for extra energy while playing at the tables and chillin' at the pool.One night, after not sleeping for more than 45 minutes and playing the tables for probably 18 hours straight, I waltz over to the Coffee Bean as my girl is playing the slots (or as she calls them, then schlotz) and Kanye West is kickin' it behind me with his entourage backup goons makin' sure the scenes all cool. He tells me he likes my fly ass Dior stunnas' that I'm rocking. It seemed really bright in there to me at the time so I even forgot that I'm wearing my sunglasses at night. Not a bad line to be in, Kanye, lattes, honey.......all three together sound pretty good to me. Except when I get to the paying part....my SEVEN DOLLAR LATTE!!!!!! WTF!!!!! But then again, it is fabulous Las Vegas....whatever....
1	Ugh, I hate this chain- they have the spot opposite the court house in san diego.   this is the palazzo coffee bean & tea leaf. I drink their coffee, with disdain.  What's amazing about this place is coffee costs the same as it does in the fancy restaurants: $3.50 for a cup.  Whatever- I don't care.  Also this is the only occasion and is inevitably packed with hotel guests.
5	Open 24 hours, no non-sense service, clean and the best ice cubes around
3	Yay for being open whenever I needed you to be.Yay for seeing Jeremy Piven right outside!Yay for caffeine!Boo to higher prices, but that's Vegas.
2	I love that there is a Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf in the Palazzo and right near the suite elevators for when you need it. However, their prices are SO ridiculous. For example:Cup of coffee: $3.45Mocha "frappuccino" with 2 extra shots of espresso: $9.70 (no exaggeration!)I'd rather play some money at the Craps table (and hopefully win too!) and order a free coffee... I might even add some Kahlua in it if I'm feeling crazy...
1	WOW. This was probably one of the worst experiences with coffee EVER.First off, the "supervisor" needs to check his attitude at the door.  He looks so unpleasant and was just plain RUDE.Secondly, their drinks aren't even that good and are overpriced!! Their caramel ice blended was basically water with coffee/caramel flavoring. YUCK. I also paid $4 for a bag of chex mix.Save your money, go to am/pm
5	Ok the people who work the night shift in this coffee bean deserves the 5 stars. They're dealing with drunkards everynight! And for 3 nights one week in April, it was me...They were friendly, and had good humor about me being drunk and trying to find "a soda that wasn't sprite" for a friend upstairs. And their coffee was delish! I love that they're conveniently located in the Palazzo near all the elevators so you never "forget" to have your coffee fix for the day.
4	Gotta be honest about this place...after partying it up all night...its nice to simply take that "time machine" downstairs to the lobby and drag my heavy and aching feet to The Coffee Bean. Yeah...the lines were long...and ...its so bright with all the lights....(ugh) but..its truly a convenience to be able to order some banana bread/muffins and coffee to start my morning off right. Not to mention...that the cashier thought I was pretty...boy...he has no idea that I slept for about 4 hours and I hadnt showered yet...ugh...talk about great customer service :)
4	I love Coffee Bean! Yes, prices are more expensive, but it's Vegas! BUT it's Coffee Bean!!! This location is a bit hidden, so there is not a huge line. I recommend anything over ice on a hot day!
4	Lines tend to be long and service can be slow at times, but their coffee is delish.  I used to walk over to Espressamente to get my coffee in the morning just to forgo the line, but I learned the hard way that the wait is worth it!
2	Whomever charges $7 for a bottle of water should be beat.Whomever pays for it should too... which is me!I can't believe my bill was $13 for a cup of coffee and a water. Even for Vegas that's insane.
5	I had never heard of The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf before. Being from South Texas the only trendy coffee shop we have is Starbucks. Wow, have I been missing out. During my stay at the Palazzo I visited the Coffee bean for my caffeine fixings. The staff was helpful and friendly and the Lattes and Cappuccino were amazing. I will never look at Starbucks the same.. I miss this place and I've only been home for a day. :(
2	Blech, not good coffee.  I got a sugar free vanilla latte and they put a powder at the bottom that was grainy and gummy and disgusting, making the last 1/3 of the coffee undrinkable.  It's so freaking expensive!  Regular drip coffee was better.
2	It could be the only place in the Palazzo I can get a drink for under a mortgage payment.  Ha ha, just kidding!  Bring gold ingots for your cherry tea.
1	Rancid Egg White/Feta burrito! No refund because I threw it away and wasn't willing to trash dive for it. BAD NEWS!
2	EXPENSIVE BEYOND THE LIMIT OF EXPENSIVE, but when you're dying for some type of coffee drink....or breakfast or water or anything....this'll do.
4	Like other Yelpers have mentioned, this is the coffee shop right outside of the elevators going up to your room if you're staying at the Palazzo. Let me state some other obviouses - since there are no coffee makers in the average Palazoo suite, and this is the first glimpse of caffeine we get once we get off the elevator, this place is going to be packed in the morning! Also, since it's Vegas, and I guess people are more willing to dish out the $$$, we're gonna get charged an arm and a leg.With that said, the drinks themselves are quite good. The cappuccino was crafted well. The caramel macciato was a bit sweet for my taste, but hubby loved it. My boys loved the red velvet hot chocolate, and wanted it every morning of our stay. I don't know how the pastries are, but the drinks are descent...
3	It's hard for me to knock off a star for this place being expensive, considering how expensive everything else is in the Venetian.  The prices are pretty much on par.The staff was very friendly and apologized profusely when I got the wrong coffee beverage.If you are looking to save money, this is certainly not your stop, but the closest Starbucks is across the street, and I doubt they are any cheaper.
5	I just thank Heavenly Father for this coffee shop, so near the elevators of our hotel room, where there is NO coffee maker. And I thank Him that plain coffee costs four bucks, humbly reminding us that we are in a very swank hotel. Anyway, the coffee is fine, the servers are pleasant (swank hotel) and they're pretty speedy. Just thank you God for coffee.
4	After trying to survive a night sleeping in a room with a dude named Garfield that snores so loud it feels like a moderate 4.5 earthquake I woke up quite groggy. You see I spent the night in a dank, sweaty BO infused club Rain trying to see Ludacris play a set. It was 2:00am and I after the DJ played Hey Baby Baby by Pitbull and T-Pain for the 8th time I had enough and bounced back to my room at the Palazzo. After a night of shivering because Garfield loves to turn the AC to 50 degrees I woke up and could barely see because of grogginess. So I head downstairs to the Coffee Bean. I got some White Chocolate Frap shit. Man it was good, so good it kept me from pushing Garfield off the top of the Eiffel tower at the Paris.
1	Worst Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf's I've ever been to!The service was horrible by the cashier who never greets or smiles,Barristas were all very rude and treat the customer (who pays double what we usually pay since it's inside the Palazzo!) like they are in 3 year olds! (If you ordered 3 drinks should they all come out together? Not 5 customers later? Isn't it obvious you will ask?)Not only that, I ALWAYs add 2 to 3 extra shots of espresso in ALL my drinks. What I got that day was coffee milk, the kind you get in a bathhouse in Korea! Only this one tasted worse that that packaged milk. Needless to say it ended up in the trash can of the South Valet Entrance of Wynn, where I went to pick-up my relatives.I will never go back!
5	This is the ONLY coffee shop in this hotel. My gf and I are Starbucks people and at other casinos there's a bunch of Starbucks around. Well one morning my gf wanted coffee but said just get plain coffee with cream and sugar. Because the day before she ordered  some kind of expresso thinking it was the same as what she gets from Starbucks. But I've been to a Coffee Bean before and knew there was something similar. As I was scanning the menu for what looked familiar I heard a voice saying welcome and how can I help you. Nooooooo I'm not ready yet! Well that's what I was thinking but on the outside I just had a blank stare! The guy was like what's the problem? Then I confessed I usually order Starbucks, expecting him to say, "oh yeah GTFO!" But to my surprise he was really nice and said tell me what you usually get and I'll tell you what's close to it. I say caramel machiatto, he says caramel latte. BINGO! That's it!So I get one for my gf and one for me. He's like I hope you enjoy it and let us know what you think. I put a dollar in the tip jar and waited for my order.He later asked if I wanted whole milk or non fat.He calls me for my order and I give him an extra $5 tip because I appreciated the customer service. I'm now a COFFEE BEAN AND TEA convert!I'm sorry I didn't get his name but he was the only African American guy there in the morning.
3	Yep, it's crowded. Yep, it's expensive. But it's so much cheaper than Palazzo room service ($15 pot of coffee, anyone?) . For about $9.00, you'll get two coffees. If you want fancy coffees, you're starting to look in the $12-$15 range.Next time I stay at the Palazzo, I am totally bringing an electric kettle and coffee.
4	I really love the convenience of this Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf.  It is located just off The casino floor adjacent to the guest elevators at the Palazzo.Service is good, but prices are higher than in the real world. It does get busy at checkin and checkout times.  But if you are an afternoon riser after a late night of gambling and partying, service is usually pretty quick.Four stars overall, they lose a star, due to their prices, but it's Vegas....
1	Service is bad. Waited for the past 10 minutes to get my coffee. Bad work technique. It was a hot mess in there. People asking for their drinks. I walked out of there without my drink. It was so messy & annoying.
3	LOVE that they have a Coffee Bean here. Super convenient when staying at the Palazzo! But seems more expensive than other Coffee Beans? $5+ for a regular iced latte. Oh well, like I said, it's convenient.
2	They need to train their staff on what they have on their menu and how to actually make the drinks.  I asked what was in their Matcha blended tea and the girl said.. mocha... I said no the matcha tea drink.. she again said mocha.  WTF?
5	Great crew! Fast, friendly, and always gets my order just right. Just be prepared to pay a little extra since it's in the resort.
3	I don't understand it. My stay here at The Palazzo was Wednesday through Saturday. I've gotten a regular-sizes ice blended beverage every morning. Wednesday through Friday the employees were wonderful, my drink came out perfect and tasted consistent, well deserving of 5 stars. For ~$6.50 a beverage, it better be damn perfect! Today is Saturday, and had i written a review for just today they would have received 1 star. I'm giving them 3 stars for half ass consistency. So what went wrong? I ordered a regular-sized ice blended... They called my name and when I received my order, it was smaller in size than the previous 3 days I had ordered it and it tasted like watered down sugar water. I had also heard other customers mentioning "I ordered a regular and they gave me this small drink." I mentioned it to the workers but they were too busy to care and I was too rushed to complain further. I don't know if the rules change once the weekend begins or if it's just the employees deciding that their busy weekend means making smaller, horrible-tasting beverages. Whatever it is, it's annoying and horrible customer service. To the weekday employees, I commend you for your great work!
