4	Big space, tons of live music, tasty eats and solid music - yes, please!Formerly Black Bear Saloon, The Saloon is under new ownership (and concept) and churning out some good times. Whether you are looking for some live rockband karaoke, great live music or you just want to grab a bite and catch the game, it's a solid choice. The Saloon is mighty spacious, with plenty of booths, table and standing room. You'll spy a stage off to the left and tons of patio space that will most certainly be prize seating come spring & summer. The staff here are pretty friendly and our server checked on us plenty of times during our outing. Make sure you check out their website for daily food & drink specials - I scored a half price Kobe beef burger (all burgers half off on Wednesday) and a pint of OMB Copper for $8 total. Schweet! I'm sure I'll be back to enjoy a show or catch a pint on that gorgeous patio very soon!
4	Cool place! Live music (on a stage), huge rectangular bar. We hung out here after hitting up Wet Willies. Will definitely go back to hear some bands. I was surprised at how big this space was--and the bar was HUGE. Would also be a great place to catch "the game" as there were close to 20 TVs hanging from the ceiling. Didn't try any food, just had some beers and listened to some tunes!
4	We came here on a Wednesday night for some rockband karaoke.  If you haven't already, you have to try rockband karaoke because it will make all of your wildest dreams come true.  Who doesn't want to sing lead vocals for an awesome real-life rock band?!  There was a list of around 50 rock songs to choose from and you could hop on stage and wail on the mic.  So I might've been a little more timid, but at least I made it through Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers American Girl.The space in the Saloon is very large and comfy.  Everything is new and clean and even the bathrooms aren't too shabby.  The place was pretty dead late into the night but the lack of patrons just gave me more courage to sing on stage.Even without rockband karaoke I would come here to hang out and have a few beers.  This place also has one of my favorite video games, Big Buck Safari.I'd love to come back for one more round of karaoke since they only plan to do it through the end of March.
5	Came in here after our dinner at Bask and thank God because Mike was great!! He wasnt very busy but he let us vent about what a D-bag the owner over at Bask was and he just listened to us and probably thought we were crazy but he was super nice and because of him we ended our night off way better!! I will be back and hopefully take advantage of the very large patio!!
4	Great food, great drinks, great bartenders, great bar.
3	This place is ok - I came with a large group and luckily did not have to shell out a cover.Drinks were a bit pricy - three "girly" shots ran about $26 ...and we were definitely not ordering anything top shelf....I came once before when it was Black Bear saloon - and I did not realize the name had changed or perhaps the owners? The place is pretty much as before. Crowd was decidedly less uppity than Butter so I enjoyed that aspect. I would come back to try bar food or perhaps a beer- after-all it is a saloon
4	The Saloon is an interesting space that seems to be trying to figure out an identity.  It used to be the Black Bear Saloon - so it did not quite shake the first incarnation, and quite frankly it was not all that old in the first place.Regardless, as others have mentioned, it is pretty large on the inside.  You get a bar - which itself is fairly large, as far as bars go, you get booths around the outside, you get a stage, and you get plenty of space to boot - or perhaps dance, mingle or what have you.There is not a real problem here, as each individual component is just fine.  You can even order food at the bar or from a booth.  Maybe you can even order from the stage.  But the mix of all of the pieces just comes off a bit odd.  You really would not want to sit down and enjoy a nice meal since it can get loud.  It is not exactly a club since there are all these booths with people eating.  And it is not precisely a live music venue either.None of this makes it bad - just odd.
2	I've been here for lunch several times because it's convenient to where I work. It's never busy, but the service is always slow. I've even been the only person there and lunch still took over an hour. The menu is constantly changing which I guess could be a positive thing, but the food is inconsistent in quality. Sometimes it's good, most of the time it's just okay. The interior is nice, it's always clean but in the end, if the service is crappy and the food is just okay it leaves me feeling pretty underwhelmed.
1	Well first off, we arrived and it took the server around 10 minutes to even acknowledge us.  Then I ordered the sirloin steak, medium, it arrived to our table not medium well but a hair under  well done, of course I sent it back, only for the server to bring the exact same steak back to me saying that it was an aged steak, well for someone that eats steak at logans or longhorn, I believe they age their steaks too. Guess what they are still pink at medium.  Not to mention that I am a culinary grad and owned my own business and know how to cook.  The server very nice and nervous not really wanting to deal with it, asked if it was ok, my reply was sure.  I ate my unseasoned loaded mashed potatoes that was loaded with unmelted cheese so obviously they wasn't hot and my over cooked limp asparagus.  I ended not eating my steak, and the server obviously not doing the right thing, she covered it with my dinner napkin and brought the check!  Wow terrible food and terrible service!! Will never eat there again!!!
5	The Comedy Zone rocked with Steve O. tonight! Always a good time @ NCMF!!!
3	I can pretty much echo Chad E.'s comments...About 6 of us girls gathered here last night for Katie S.'s "pre gaming" for her bachelorette party.  When we first got there, there was hardly no one there. However, about 10:30, the place was packed & a band got on stage to perform. The sound was REALLY, REALLY loud, so much so you could hardly make out the singer's lyrics.The place is a pretty good size & the bar staff was really quick & efficient with our drink orders & food.  I had the grilled steak tacos (3) & while they were tasty, it makes me laugh, because that same steak meat quite possibly is the same meat they use in their philly cheesesteak sandwiches. :DThe thing that struck me odd was the crowd.  It was a mixture of older folks, 30-somethings & then there were early 20-somethings. Nothing bad about it, just interesting.I'm not a huge drinker, so don't necessarily see myself coming back here to hang out.
3	came here to check out a band and was not disappointed!  The bartender was super cool and attentive even though it was a really full bar.  She made sure to fill up my water and ask if I needed another drink before I was done the one in my hand, also totally generous on the ice! I would advise against the $3 yengling drafts, mine was flat, but the $10 bucket of coors light worked out just fine! The place was really loud and I wish I had brought earplugs once the band started.  It think it would be a great joint to watch a game, they had tons of tvs EVERY where, even in the booths and the bartenders were all wearing team jerseys or shirts.  There is also a great out door area with couches, tables with umbrellas, and bag-o boards.
2	What I like: The rustic appearance inside with a loud alive atmosphere. Great place to hit for some drinks before and after seeing a show at any of the venues located at the NC Music Factory. The selection of beers is pretty good. I like that you can catch a live bands there. What I dislike: Food and the service. One of my favorite dishes to order is the seared ahi tuna. Up until August 2011, when I would order this, the portion size was excellent. The last time I visited The Saloon the portion size had been reduced SIGNIFICANTLY. A person sitting next to me at the bar looked at my plate and said, "Really??" Service is not premium by any means. I've sat at the bar for ten minutes or longer and not approached by a bartender. I've sat at a table this year and have the server not even come check on the table to make sure we had what we needed and so forth.Chad E. is correct. This place is still trying to figure out their identity. My hope is this place will improve. It's in a great location.
2	Went there for the 1st time last week for the 1st COUNTRY THURSDAY show some friends were playing. Pros & Cons:PROS: great beer selection/not bad prices on booze/if you're a guy, hot bartendress's/nice spacious bathroom w/plenty of pissers/great little sitting area/patio w/comfy furniture and fire pit type heaters for the cold/GREAT live stage area and killer sound systemCONS:admittedly if u read any of my previous posts, I appreciate an authentic, divey neighborhood type bar w/some REAL history/personality, & this has NONE of those. Its too big & cavernous, and defintelty not "rustic" as the last poster noted (if he thinks this is rustic, he woudl think the Thirsty Beaver or E.B.'s is downright medieval).Its you typical "big hat"country bar that pops up in every big city, catering to those who think Colt Ford & Jason Aldean are "hardcore country", and think WSOC plays great "ahem" COUNTRY...??!? If this is you, then you'll like it here, if you prefer the opposite of this, then you can read my past reviews and get an idea (THIRSTY BEAVER)of where (THIRSTY BEAVER)I'd recommend (THIRSTY BEAVER) u go (THIRSTY BEAVER). :)If someone was playing there I liked or who are friends, sure I"d go back; other wise, nah.....
3	It's A-OK and I'm a fan so somewhere in between 3-4 stars.  Squeezed between what seems to be another venue, the girlfriend and I stopped in here on Saturday night prior to a show at the Comedy Zone.  Seemed like a holding area for the show at the time but I'd say that's not a bad thing for the Owner of the place.  There was a cool band there at the time and that was a bonus so I was a happy camper.  Good service and overall a casual neighborhood bar feel.
3	The Saloon feels very corporate and a bit overpriced.  However, the service is also good, and the beers are always cold.I do not like the set up of the Saloon and the Comedy Zone.  I don't like how you have to go through the Saloon to get to the Comedy Zone.  Poor design lay-out.  I have been here on more than one Saturday night and had my night somewhat interrupted by huge crowds waiting in line to get into the Comedy Zone.  It sucks for everyone that is in the Saloon chillin, having a good time.  The bathrooms are packed and there is literally a human traffic jam towards the rear of the Saloon.I usually go to the Saloon when looking to pregame before a show at the Fillmore, or before heading to another location within the Music Factory on Friday and Saturday nights.   It is what  it is.  The live music and DJ there on Saturday nights are a huge plus.  Its still your standard, corporate, expensive bar in Charlotte.  With that being said, I would definitely go back again.
3	The Saloon at the NC Music Factory is a decent place to have some drinks and hear live music, but I have not had any food here.  I have seen a couple of bands perform here, most recently Charlotte rock stars Simplified.  It's a modern yet rustic looking place with a decent size stage to the left of the entrance.  The large bar takes up a big chunk of the inside of it, but there are still plenty of tables and booths throughout and a small patio area outside.  The sound for the most recent show was very good.  The only issue we had was with the bouncer.  He was outside when one of our friends came in and didn't see him,, but charged a few of us $10.  Then a few minutes later when the rest of our party strolled, he charged them only $5.  Odd, but it is what it is.  It's worth a stop in here if you're at the Factory.
3	Well Hello friend!I came here for a few drinks before the show @ the Comedy Zone (see review).Only came for drinks and to kill time. It was more workers than customers. YIKES!!! But a few ppl came in and turned the place into somewhat of a happening spot. I found it kinda odd that she said,  something about NOT having GLASSES and would i mind my BEER (OMB COPPER) in a plastic cup? HUH? WHAT? WAIT? you say what again? Its 6:30pm @ a bar w/ NO GLASS!! okay cool. Made me wonder what would happend if I'd said NO.The bartender was pretty spot on (it wasn't her fault)The bar is pretty big.  The bar seemed to be stocked with everything under the drunken moon. They have tv's in your booth if you wanted to sit in one of those.It looks as if they are making another patio on the side. The one out front is pretty nice, good spot for ppl watching. (one of my fav. past times.. ppl are so funny to me)It was a group of about 15-20 ppl set up (I kinda thought it may have been a UYE) making all kinds of cheers and hand claps. They gave the place the life that it lacked when I 1st walked in. This is a nice place for groups b/c its so big and doesn't seem like you would have to fight for space. (@ least thats the way it seemed last night)Go enjoyCheers
1	The food is bland and the beer is to warm. Go to VBGBs instead!
3	Now I would've given this a lower score, but we did go in the afternoon on a weekday...not the best way to experience this place. I'm sure if I came at night, it'd be totally different.I was pretty impressed with their menu selection. There was a lot to choose from for it being a bar type place like ahi tuna sliders, burgers, salads and such. I got their portabella mushroom burger with sweet potato fries. We ended up waiting a really long time for our food....and it was pretty empty there. The food was decent, I really like the fries.I'd go again, but only at night and if I wanted that kind of scene.
2	Not my favorite place to go, but I've only been a couple of times to see our friends performing.  The food is so-so, as is the service.  This time we sat at the bar on the back side facing the stage, since there was no one else on this side and we could talk before the show.  However, we were immediately told that if we wanted a drink, we'd have to walk around to the other side of the bar as they weren't serving on this side.  Okay.  We did all get to gather at an empty booth to hang out as a group, so that was nice and made for a fun night, not to mention the great music by Drivin' n Cryin'.
3	It's a nice bar with a wide beer selection. Kind of pricey.  They have live music from time to time that is hit or miss.  The food is okay for bar food.
3	Very fun bar right in the middle of the NC Music Factory.  You can park at one of the many lots or if you are lucky you will get a spot right in the circle or on the street. The bar is huge and they have a stage for live bands.  Every time i have been here the waitstaff is very nice and quick.  There are tables and booths as well as seats at the bar.I have never tried the food here - since I usually just pop in before a show.  This bar is also the entrance for the Comedy Zone.  If they are taking cover at the door then make sure you tell them you are there for the show so you won't get charged.Definitely a fun night especially if there is a live band.  Thanks guys!
2	Ordered food at 6:45. Got food at 8:05, cold....
2	Venue is an A-, Live music is B+, service is a C-, food is a D. How can you mess up basic bar food??? This place is in a great location and has lots of potential. Where's their application for "Restaurant Impossible? " :)
3	This is a fun local bar.  If they would get a bigger crowd here it would be really fun
2	This place is entirely too loud... I realize I run the risk of sounding like a crotchety old woman, but when you have to repeatedly scream at your server and she still doesn't understand you, it does not make for a fantastic experience... "How is the sangria?" "Do you want sangria?" "No. How IS the sangria?" "We have red and white." "No, how IS it? Have you had it?" "Well, it's like wine, but it's sweeter." "Never mind. I'll have a Jack and Coke."They don't have drink menus, but they have a full bar... Unless you order something they're out of, I guess... And I would review the food, but the server walked away after putting our drinks on the table and didn't ask if we wanted to order... So I guess I'll be eating somewhere else...Not to worry though! She came back after about 20 minutes... Still didn't ask us if we wanted to order... And now there's a bug in a drink of one of the members of our party... Yeeeeah, I guess I will take the eating part on the road... lol
1	Do not waste your time at this place.  When we arrived the bouncer was telling people if they wanted to eat food they should go elsewhere - this should have been our first sign.We went to the host who proceeded to wander around - and then tell us to just go seat ourselves outside.We found a seat inside at the bar - the bartenders were less than attentive - they said a handful of words and didn't ask if we wanted additional drinks/etc.  We also witnessed one trying to be 'cool' and flipping glasses behind the bar - only to have it shatter all over the floor- he just kicked the large pieces away and acted like it didn't happen.We ordered food - it was average - after we received it we were never asked how it was - the bartender simply came back at the end and took our plates away.We waited quite a while with zero service before we finally were able to flag someone down for our check...When we got our check it wasn't itemized - just a total - when we asked for an itemized receipt - we discovered we had been overcharged from the menu prices for the meals - this took at least 10 additional minutes to resolve .....Again - don't waste your time.
1	Horrible service!!!!  Left after 20 min...no drink...no order taken.  Lazy staff.  This was on an afternoon when Earth Wind & Fire were playing the Amphitheater.  1 Bartender, 1 Waitress and 1 Hostess.
1	I went here in a Saturday afternoon and I have to say it was a mistake. The beer was stale, soapy, and flat. The food was bad and our waitress was just slow. I have nothing positive to say about The Comedy Club.
