5	Absolutely the best place with AWESOME PRICES AND SERVICE!!! I won't go ANYWHERE else!!! Amy is the owner and is FANTASTIC!!!!! They even offer waxing and eyelash extentions!!! 10% off all services!!!
5	I would recommend Amy at 3D nails and spa! I drive across town to see her, she is very thorough and does a terrific job removing cuticles and dead skin!
4	After having some issues with my normal salon I decided it was time to start my search for a new one. I choose 3D Nails based solely on it's location. Arrived about 1:00 on a Saturday afternoon to find the place sold out. I was told it would probably be about 15 minutes so I opted to wait. It's very small with 4 techs working. While waiting I browsed the polish selection, which is extensive, they even have the new magnetic polishs and a large selection of gel polishes. After about 5 minutes they had a pedicure chair open so I started my soak. And I soaked, and soaked. Finally 20 minutes or so later my tech started my classic pedi.She filed them just as I like square. I have had issues with several places not knowing what square means. Even though they were very busy I didn't feel she rushed and actually did a really good job for $18. I loved the fact that their basic pedicure comes with a sugar scrub. My normal place of 2 years charged extra for it. Not here it's included. After polishing she asked if I wanted a flower and I said "no" but could she do zebra stripes on just my big toes. She didn't understand and had to ask another tech. I didn't really get what I had in mind but it has started to grow on me and I love the colors.3D Nails might just be my new go to nail salon. Next time I will upgrade to the deluxe pedicure. If the cheap $18 one includes the sugar scrub I am curious what the $25 one includes. Based on my 1 experience I would recommend 3D Nails.
5	I have been going to 3D Nails now for about 2 months, going faithfully every 2 weeks. I love, love, love this place. I received a punch card on my 2nd visit that will give me $10 off any service on my 7th visit. And right now they have 10% of all services for their Grand Opening. I recently found out that they took over ownership in April. On my last visit I had a deluxe pedicure (regular pedi with callus removal, sugar scrub, cucumber heel therapy lotion, & hot stone massage) and a gel manicure for only $53..and I had french tip on both, that alone at my "old" salon would have set me back $10 bucks. It's usually busy so either make an appointment or be prepared to wait. Bihn is just wonderful. He knows exactly want after I tell him.
5	I continue to love this place and the service just keeps getting better. Now if you pay cash they give you an additional 10% off. And they rock with the nail art. My toes have never looked better.
5	Lily is the best. After much disappointment from other nail shops, I will continue to frequent this shop. Every other shop I have entered recently had no idea what stiletto nails were even though they are the trend. Lily not only perfected my nails, she works hard to fulfill every request I make...and trust me...I am picky when it comes to my claws. On top of Lily's great work, her custom work is very, very affordable.  The location is in a sketchy part of phoenix but I'll deal with it in exchange for the quality of work I receive in return. I HIGHLY suggest Lily.
4	Moved to this side of town so I decided to try a new place out that's closer to my new place. Smaller than I expected but was pleasantly surprised to be sat down immediately. It was a Wednesday around 1 o'clock so I wouldn't expect this during busier times. They have 6 pedicure chairs and 8 manicure stations. The gentleman who did my nails was friendly and efficient. I went in for a backfill and was in and out in less than and hour. Was charged $35 not including tip.  My only complaint is that their TV wasn't on and I got a little bored just staring at a wall for almost an hour.  I would have just used my phone to occupy my time but for some reason he kept having me put the hand he wasn't working on under the blacklight on the station. Not just at the end... the whole time which I found odd.I did notice that a woman receiving a pedicure was treated to a hot paraffin wax which I found out is included in the pedicure package. Will be going back to try that out for sure!
5	This place is the best nail salon when it comes to nail art.  Lilly is extremely talented and I highly recommend her. I drive from the other side of town to this place. I also had a great pedicure that came with paraffin wax.
4	Love it!!!! Prices are a little high for designs but u get what u pay for :)
5	Was a little skeptical about this place based on the location...but looks are most definitely deceiving! When I first walked in I was greeted by one of the techs, very polite and nice. I wanted a new set and a pedicure. They sat me down right away after I got my color choice.The chairs are very comfortable, great massage for a chair. I've been in a few and this one was one of the most comfortable ones I've sat in. I had a man doing my nails, and I don't know why but I always have good luck with male manicurist. He did a wonderful job at taking my previous set off, hardly felt it at all! And my new set looks very natural he didn't make them too thick. Hopefully they last a long time, we shall see. :)My pedicure was top notch. The last pedicure I had at a previous salon was less than pleasant so was looking forward to a nice relaxing one. My toes look fabulous and they don't hurt at all! I have problem toes and feet so it's really nice when you find a good manicurist AND pedicurist...Will definitely be coming back here and will definitely recommend to all my friends. If you don't mind coming down to metro center mall and paying slightly more for quality work.Oh did I mention they all were able to hold a nice conversation too? Priceless!
5	Love this place!!! After searching through numerous reviews I decided to try this place out... and I must say it was worth it. The people were very friendly and talkative... the nail tech told me they could do ANY design I find on pintrest or else where. Wish I took a pic of how awesome lily did on my pedicure.. maybe next time. Give this place a try, I promise you won't be disappointed!
5	I did my research before heading out for a pedicure. I take quite a few Yelp reviews with a grain of salt but this location had 9 reviews and a spotless record, so this location was obviously where I should be. I came in and was greeted promptly and courteously. I went into the shop around 2pm on a weekday so it wasn't busy. I immediately picked my color and was seated in the massaging pedi chair. The lady that was working with me was awesome. She had a great outgoing personality and was quite funny. I can't remember her name for the life of me (I notoriously do not pay attention to the details) but anyway she was awesome. I bought the deluxe pedicure which came with the bells and some of the whistles; sugar scrub, callus remover, cucumber oil, and stone massage were part of the deluxe pedi for $28 bucks. They have one below this which is $18 and that comes with a sugar scrub and normal pedi. The one above it is the "happy feet" package and that comes with everything under the sun for feet and that package is $40. I am a HUGE football fan and wanted my tootsies to reflect this. The "specialist" who did the design was amazing. She took one look at the picture I had on my phone and voila! I have never been able to get my team's logo on my toes because NO ONE was every able to do it. I'm pretty sure she can do just about anything. All in all, this was a wonderful experience and I would recommend this place to anyone. I will definitely be going back with my 7 year old daughter to see how well they work with kids. :) **One thing to also note is their grasp of the English language is great. Their accents are not bad at all and I was able to clearly understand every person in there.***
5	Based on reviews here decided to check it out..I was by myself early morning &Jimmy did my nails.I had a gel manicure he took his time&they came out perfect!shaped them perfectly &gave me some education on "moon shaped"base.I will def be back.ohh &price wasnt so bad considering he took off my previous gel&did a new gel manicure$30
5	Not open at 9Tues - sat 930-7pmThey did gel toes for my 9 yr old w my little pony design and a monkey on gel fingernails for my 11 year old and they fixed mine were messed up from a prior salon very happy so far. Looking forward to going back
1	This was honestly the worst manicure and pedicure of my life. They made my feet bleed in 4 different spots, didn't give me any toe spacers (so my toes were basically ruined the minute I started walking), and the entire time I was getting the manicure, the woman badgered me about getting gel polish - which I hate. In return, my nails look like a grade schooler did them. As the gal was putting the makeshift flip flops on, she smudged my big toe. She offered to fix it, but by then, I just wanted to get out of there. The gal who did my nails didn't use any cuticle cream/oil (or whatever it's called) so the skin around my fingers are as dry as the desert. I don't recommend this place at all.
5	Love me nails :) reasonable prices. Had myEyebrows waxed as well. Friendly people. My daughter had her nails and feet painted as well. Discount if you use cash! :)
3	Three stars only because my nails came out great- lily (I think was her name) did the design. She was super nice. A rude guy who sits in front did my fill filing and such. He was rough with my nails (knicked my skin) and rude. He didn't care for his job. If I go back I will definitely not let him do my nails. Been at this location a few times and usually ok prices. Just had to write this in hopes that you watch out for this guy's attitude.
2	I had a gel manicure and the nail tech didn't even clean the little bit of dirt out from under my nails at all. My manicure lasted literally 6 minutes and cost me 30 dollars. Then the gel didn't even last a full week. Won't be back.
5	I am so impressed with this place!! I went on a Saturday at 12 so given it was busy. I had a short wait for a full set. Ben did my nails I asked for stiletto style shaped nails. I came in with a picture and got exactly what I wanted. Very happy!
1	By far the worse place I have ever gotten my nails done at!!!!!! I went here with my sister in law, and sister my manicure was horrible I asked for purple nails with white tips it looked as if a 8 year old had done my tips very crooked and my sister in laws nails never dried we got home and they were still wet 5 hours later as if the nail polish they used was sticky and not any good. Beyond disappointed with the job they did. They rush through the whole process and don't even check your nails to make sure they are dry. I'M WARNING YOU DONT GO TO THIS PLACE!!!!!!!
5	I love this nail salon!!! I have been going here for about six months and I have never been unsatisfied with my nails they always look amazing and the service is spectacular!!! They always spend extra time on the pedicure and make sure everything is perfect before you leave best place I've found in Phoenix so far!!
4	This place is a hidden gem. It's in the hood but I go because I go to school right by here. I have been here a few times now and every time they do a good job. its never crazy busy and they have plenty if staff. A basic pedicure is $18 and the best thing about here is the masssage your legs forever! I have a gel mani there and they do a really good job. I have had a french there which ben did and its the best I have ever had. It lasted basically until it was so grown out that I couldn't bare it anymore.  They are good at doing designs and if you have a picture they will try anything. They do tend get gel on your skin but nothing a little filing doesn't fix and when a gel with design is only $30 I don't complain when just a regular gel mani in scottsdale is $30 withous designs and never lasts as long.
4	I went in to get a manicure. They were really pushy about me getting a pedicure as well. They asked me at least 4-5 times if I wanted a pedicure too, or tried to convince me to do additional things (obviously to up their money). It was quite annoying because I don't like to be hassled like that. The manicurist even asked me when my last pedicure was, then disappointingly shook his head when I said it was a month ago. The quality was great, but the amount of time I had to take to argue with them out of services was irritating.
3	Came here after seeing all the positive reviews but I'm afraid I didn't love it.  The nail shape wasn't what I asked for and my fingers were sore for a couple of days from all the work they did.  I could tell he was trying though. They were also very pushy about extra services: gel, designs, pedicures.  I had already said no and they kept asking repeatedly.  Then he started talking in a different language to his co-workers.   It was rude.
