3	Good.  Same as every other BWW.
1	I went to this place yesterday evening with my two kids. It was a Sunday night and a football game was just beginning so it was pretty loud but not like crazy loud. One side was for families and the other was walled off with a bar on that side. No wait to be seated which was nice. Lots of tv's. I brought my daughter to the family restroom and there was no soap on the soap dispenser. It wasn't all out. It was EMPTY. I told the manager about this when he came around at the end of our meal so hopefully he did something about it. I also told the hostess. I ordered the boneless wings and they were just barely lukewarm. I sent them back and they brought me another order which showed up on my bill. Luckily I looked it over closely before I paid and the waitress apologized and took it off. The wings were VERY crispy, like hurt your mouth when you chew crispy and dry too.  I had a cherry limeade to drink. it was very sweet. i switched to water after that. The wait staff was friendly but I was not impressed with the food. The wings weren't special and everything came in paper bowls. Just way too casual and uninspired. I wouldn't return. I could get better wings from a pizza place. Ones that wont leave my mouth bleeding.
2	I have been on a wing crazy for several weeks now. We have been talking about trying BWW. We went for a late lunch Saturday. They were busy, but no wait for seating in the bar. We ordered our drinks and had to look over the menu. We ordered the Parmesan garlic wings and the Triple Threat Nachos. When our food finally arived, the wings and nachos were barely lukewarm. The wings were average, different choice of sauces was a plus, but nothing spectacular. The do not have regular plates I guess, since we were given little paper trays.We were not impressed with the food or the service. We will not be returning. The food was way over priced for the quality.Better off going to your favorite pizza place or dive bar for some good wings.
