5	i must be the last person on earth to know that FCUK is FRENCH CONNECTION (UNITED KINGDOM)...and i learned that from an old asian grandpa who asked the cute, young white sales girl what it stood for...we both went "ohhhhh..." as we simultaneously nodded our heads and thought "that makes sense." sometimes, i really amaze myself. this was my first FCUK shopping experience ever at the grand central outlet in devastatingly hot las vegas, although i've window-shopped the French Connection at the 3rd Street Promenade (that was prior to the realization that FCUK is French Connection). note to self: do NOT come here alone and do NOT come here friends who love to shop, only leads to feelings of guilty self-loathing and self-disgust, but with such unbeatable deals, how can one walk out empty handed after stepping foot into this discounted fashionable items galore? i passed up the demure navy peacoat, as cute, perfectly lengthed and cheap as it was after all the discounting (under $100)...but a friend's going back the next weekend, do i get her to go there (again)? the jacket fit perfectly, hit right past the knees and offered a nice slimming effect, but the main button was loose, and i took that as a sign to put it back on the rack, after wearing it around the store for thirty minutes straight (the loose button was detected prior to the thirty minute indoor parade). three of us tried on the same jacket in our respective sizes and circled the store and fitting rooms, while phoning friends and family to come check us out and give a yay or nay...well, i walked out with three sweaters for under $100 (feeling very satisfied) and left behind that navy coat...and i'm okay with that. the button was a sign...a clear sign (but it was so cute! one of the three of us did purchase it in the end...and the same friend purchased the same colored FCUK labeled sweater as well, said we'd be FCUK buddies for life).go to the info booth and present a AAA card to get a discount pamphlet, which entitles you to a 10% discount at FCUK, as well as other store discounts(unfortunately, i learned this too late). the staff was super friendly and very helpful and extremely patient/cool about our indoor peacoats parade. forget the casinos, bellagio water works show and cirque du soleil's, i'm coming back here for vegas (and the buffets). oh, and give yourself at least a good hour at this place (that is, at FCUK)
4	F.C.U.K.yup FCUK & i like you....that doesn't mean i love you, but i like you.Because you fit me well,you make me look good & you are unique it's hard to find you here in O.C.why don't you come here & open a shop ..... are you afraid of Zara =)
3	*sigh*2 Items I really liked... the sizes for one were XS and S. Out of 30 peices.The other were XXL and XL ....I settled on a different color. A great deal, but sheesh.
5	I have to admit that i've purposefully never been in the French Connection in SF because I wasn't interested in a touristy looking FCUK shirt that I might have worn when I was 12. However, walking about the mall in Vegas I saw a store window full of mannequins dressed in hot dresses and ended up wandering in FCUK and wanting EVERYTHING! My 2 girlfriends & I had previously decided that we were just going to look, but with some encouragement from sales guys to try some things on 'just for fun,' we each ended up trying on dresses that were too fabulous not to get. Obviously the sales guy want commission, but they were really great about bringing us styles, accessorizing our looks, and basically letting us give them a fashion show. I walked out of french connection with a hot V neck long sleeve, sparkly black knit dress that I can't wait to wear out in SF. My 2 friends got equally cute dresses that didn't  break the bank. I will definitely be back to FCUK SF! for my next party dress and/or adorable angora sweaters that they seemed to have plenty of!
4	I have been wanting to check out this store at the Vegas outlet for awhile and finally got the chance to shop there on my recent trip to Vegas.  I was not disappointed!  First let me say, I have shopped at FCUK before at the Planet  Hollywood Casino once.  The store was over priced and a shirt was $60 to $100 dollars.  I'm all for paying top dollar for a good looking piece of clothing but seemed too expensive.  However, when I went to the outlet I could not get over the good deals they had.  Everything was pretty much affordable and nothing seemed over priced.  The staff were SUPER friendly!  So friendly,  they followed me around, helped me pick out a couple of shirts and had a dressing room ready for me.  I wasn't sure if they were hard up for a sale or just doing there job giving great customer service.  Needless to say I left with a tee-shirt, dress shirt and a sweater for wifey.  I think all for under $80 bucks.  Whenever my next trip to Vegas will be, this will be one of my stops.  I love wearing clothes that not everyone has, and whenever I wear my sweater with FCUK across my chest, I get all kinds of stares. LOL
5	You are TOTALLY going to LOVE this store: FCUK clothes with cheap cheaper cheapest $$You are TOTALLY going to LOVE their service: friendly & helpfulMe? personally I like Jeffery or Jeff. He is so honest and patient with my picky family :)
2	Store is closing soon... (sign on window)I have purchased some FCUK shirts here, but this time there were barely any selection left.
