3	First off, this Smashburger (SB) is one of the only in the valley where the ten percent (10%) Yelp check-in offer is not available. (Thanks for nothing, Tom Ryan!) Maybe the rent is too damn high. (Doubt it.) Secondly, it is cute to see so many students checking this restaurant out. Not sure where were they when it was a small, local Mexican restaurant (recently shuttered), but now it is a popular international chain so they can be found stumbling over themselves to get over here from CSN (no, not Crosby, Stills & Nash).Now that I have stated those two points ... SmashburgerIt is nice there is a place for a burger right near campus. I cannot think of another option before SB. In any case, here we have one now. There is not much to say about the food. It is a chain for fucks sake! The burger is the same here as it is at Maryland Parkway, as it is in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, or in Kuwait City, Kuwait. It is alright. The fries are alright. The shakes are alright. The ketchup packaging is brilliant. Five (5) stars for the ketchup packaging!  The wait here seems to be interminably longer when compared to other SB locations I have been to for take-out. Maybe they need to work some kinks out -- I would hate for this location to be the training facility or to appear to function as a training facility for the chain -- but, there was no queue when I have come here, and, yet I still have to wait a bit too long for my food. I would take to the stopwatch to document precisely how long they are taking to get the food out, but I would hate to be accused of being overly pedantic. It is taking long; take my word for it. Or don't. But you are the one that is going to be late to your class or back to work after lunch. (You're fired!)
3	Smashburger!I had been out here about a month ago for a Yelp event, and we received a couple free entree coupons.This weekend, I was craving sweet potato fries like CRAZY, so I convinced my fella that we should go to Smashburger.We both ordered the Sin City burger (fried egg, bacon, grilled and haystack onions on an egg bun, with cheese and smash sauce.)The girl who assisted us (Emily? I think?) was very nice, and did a couple substitutions for us with no problem.  (BF subbed goat's cheese instead of the cheddar, and no smash sauce.)  When the food came out, it was pretty good.  I'd say a step or two above McD's and BK.  The meat wasn't really seasoned at all...but it was cooked well, and the flavors from all the toppings were good.The sweet potato fries were exactly what I wanted, and were delicious.We finished off with a salted caramel shake...this alone was worth the trip!  So delicious. As far as burger places go, I probably wouldn't drive completely out of my way for it, but prices are good for the quality of the burger, and I would definitely be glad to come back.
4	It's clean and workers are very friendly. Also their spinach, goat cheese salad is amazing. Their swiss and mushroom burger with truffle sauce is also delicious, but my favorite item on their menu is their nutter butter milk shake. Its 1000 calorie deliciousness, that can be enjoyed on a heavy workout day. Just JK, but try out this milk shake. Its delicious.
3	I'm usually a huge fan of this chain but my last few visits to this particular location have been underwhelming- their smashed-to-perfection patties have been dismally overcooked to beyond medium both times I've chosen them over competitors recently.Favorite burgers here include the stellar truffle mushroom swiss and a distant second-choice in the spinach and goat cheese. Love that all burgers can be made into a salad, which gives a surprisingly healthy option at a burger chain- the salads here are fresh and huge instead of an obligatory afterthought as at other burger places.Staff is friendly, location seems to do well being positioned across from a college.
1	Went in to eat and employees were in the back, never came to the front to check we left after about 6 minutes of waitin, love smashburger but the employees in this location were not really into it
5	I have only visited here once, but that is enough to keep me coming back - I'll be a regular for sure. The burger was delicious; cooked perfectly with just the right spices. The tomatoes, lettuce and avocado were very fresh and with good flavor. I had the best fries I have ever had! Served immediately, they were very hot and fresh with wonderful flavors from the rosemary and other spices. I can't wait to try the sweet potato fries next time.
5	So today was the first time I had a smash burger.  I ordered a spicy jalapeno Baja burger with french fries and fried pickles, the burger was fresh all the fixings were fresh tomato, onions, Jalapenos and lettuce, it was delicious!  The fried pickles are lightly battered and deep-fried they're really good in the french fries are really thinly cut cook very crispy and they were delicious to the seasoning was not too salty.  I really enjoyed my visit today and I'm looking forward to going back!
3	Let's see this is the first time getting food from here. If we like it we will be be back.The shake is kinda small for $4.00 let's see the taste. I am gonna try the jalepanio chichen I like spicey.
3	I've went to a couple Smash Burger, but this one by far is the worst. The customer service was as good as it was going to get the food was somewhat similar to other locations I've visited. Its smaller then most witch is bad because its packed most of the time. Over all its still a good place to grab a quick bite to eat.
4	My daughter wanted to eat here again she loves the chicken sandwich classic last time and the BBQ this round. I ordered only the fried pickles. They were OK they could have been better. They were over salted and the breading in my opinion should have been crispy. So if u like salty and soft fried pickles these r for u.I ordered on line and took my time to get there picking it up and my order was still not ready but I did not mind waiting it was maybe 5mins. I would go back for the burgers, fries and shakes.
5	I haven't been to Smashburger in years but today a friend offered to buy lunch and wanted to go there so I gave it another shot! I was surprised at how reasonably priced everything was on the menu (for some reason, I had thought it was going to be more on the expensive side).  I ordered the avocado club, with beef and smash fries and it was the perfect lunch! All toppings on the burger were fresh, the fries were a tad greasy for my usual preference but overall quite delicious and I'll definitely be going again!
4	Clean, friendly and tasty.  Every location I attend is the same consistent experience. Get the deep fried pickle!!!
3	First time at this particular Smashburger location. The service was friendly and attentive. Chatty staff, but not overly so. I came here with my mom and our food came out quickly after we ordered. My chicken was cooked well and was moist, but overly salty. Everything else was great and we were in and out for dinner in less than 30 minutes.
