3	I have been to some really nice Hampton Inns before, but this is not one of them.  The rooms are okay-- not super spacious but not cramped.  The counter staff that I spoke with were all very friendly and helpful, but the manager sounds like kind of a dick.   I shall explain:There is a bar/club/restaurant next to the hotel.  During my stay, the bar sponsored a Jordan Sparks concert (I had to ask who she is, but apparently, she has something to do with some season of american idol) and a P Diddy concert.  When I got back from a looong work day, the walls of the hotel were vibrating with bass from the concert.  I went to down to the front desk:  Could they move my room to one less noisy?Unfortunately, they had 10 calls in 10 minutes for guests wanting to know the same thing.  The gals at the front desk were overwhelmed and called on the manager for help.  Now, I understand that the hotel has nothing to do with the noise level-- they are not responsible for the bar next door.  *However,* a good manager would have told the front desk folks to apologize profusely, offer to walk over to the bar to have a chat with the event person, and hand out earplugs by the bucketful.  This manager's response?  "Let the guests call the cops."  Wow.So, not the utmost concern for the guests' well-being.  Also, the hotel lobby and elevators smell strongly like a sewer.  Rooms did not, thank goodness.Still, there is free internet access and continental breakfast in the morning-- the happy reasons to stay in Hampton's.
4	Found the Hampton Inn when a medical emergency brought us to town.  The hotel staff were extremely pleasant in helping us book a room.  The room is lovely, one of the nicest Hamptons we have stayed in.  Do wish the pool opened before 8am.  But other than that, would highly recommend.
4	Stay here on my regular trips to Peoria to visit family. I have enjoyed every stay.  My recent stay 9/6 - 9/8 (2013) wasn't looking promising when I returned to my room and discovered and outright party going on next door. Loud music, screaming... Thought I was next to a frat house. Oh and it was 11 pm...I immediately went to the desk and asked to be moved. The night person, whose name escapes me, was more then accommodating. She knew about the noise already and was dealing with that. But immediately moved us to another room, far away from the party boys. Her demeanor, coupled with a nice continental breakfast, complimentary  wireless a comfortable room made this another good stay.
4	Great place.  Friendly and HELPFUL staff.  Ask for a great place to eat or get copies or anything about the area and you won't be disappointed.Clean comfortable rooms (standard fair for Hampton Inn).  Modest decor, quiet.  All the expected amenities.  Convenient to my business locations.
