1	The experience we had with Brothers Plumbing and Air Conditioning was horrible. Our a/c went out and we called to have a technician come out and figure out what the problem was. They sent someone, he fixed "something", they charged us $468.73 and they left...our a/c went out with the same exact problem exactly 1 week later. They came back out, looked at our unit, turned it on (since we had it off for hours to cool it down and keep it from causing other issues) and said, "Ok, seems good." and left again. Twenty minutes later....guess what??? Same problem, we called someone else to come out and fix the problem and they said not only should the first service cost no more than $230 but they also did not fix the problem. Now, they won't refund any money even though they did not fix the problem and over charged us!
1	Awful company. Highest prices in the valley and bad follow up skills.
5	Our hot water heater had passed it's age! It was approximately 20-25 years old.  I live in a historic district where the homes are old. Called Brother's Plumbing to get an estimate on Solar. Mark C. their technician arrived promptly and discussed that my home was too small and was very honest with me when explaining that we would not recoup our dollars back. So we upgraded the water heater and he had it done within hours, even though he had to do some re-piping! The experience was good and they did the job and came in right at the bid price! You may call other companies but Brother's did something that I have yet to see with others. They gave me good service, all the discounts that  apply along with warranty on the work and they were competitive. I will recommend them to anyone who needs Plumbing or work within their scope!
5	Kevin M replaced my kitchen faucet and connection joints this morning.  He was very friendly, polite and knowledgeable.  He pointed out two connectors below the sink that were very corroded and all-but leaking.  I agreed that they needed to be replaced with appropriate devices.  There was no hard-sell; just honesty and options.  Kevin cleaned the floor of the cabinet under the sink, and used lots of his towels to ensure no water was left behind.  I will definitely ask for Kevin for future plumbing issues.  Brothers called twice beforehand to confirm the appointment, and she was very polite as well.
1	I had an underground  leak in a transition between copper and PVC near where the water line comes into the home.  I had dug out the leak area and cleaned all of  associated piping for repair. The technician came out to look at the problem and gave me a quote of $604. For an experienced tech this should have only taken 1 hour to fix and the hardware cost less than $20. I paid the $30 quote fee and sent him on his way. The technician was very courteous and I am sure very capable. But no trades company is worth $600 an hour. I ended up spending $14 for tools and parts and fixed it myself. Unless you have money to throw away try a different company. Buyer beware!!!!
4	These guys came in sized up the job and got to it.  Probably saved me money in the long run with there recommendations.  They were very courteous and professional.  I would recommend this company and Daniel and Justin.
5	Great people with great service.
5	I had a water leak inside a wall. I called Brothers Plumbing in an emergency to get the water stopped. It turned out the water leak was in a fitting right at the concrete floor inside the wall and very hard to get to. Kevin came out and analyzed the problem and determined a way to fix it with minimal damage to the surrounding area. Kevin was very knowledgable and explained all my options regarding the repair prior to doing the work. I appreciated his technical ability.
5	I used Brothers plumbing a few years ago and recently had them come out again for a kitchen sink clog. Kevin the technician was here for 25 minutes and charged $328 for running a snake down a clean out located right next to the sink. In other words, it was a fairly simple job, so I couldn't believe I was charged $328. I called the company 3 times the next day to discuss the charge and finally got a call back from. MONT, one of the owners, I explained the situation to him. LISTEN TO THIS ONE!! He actually agreed with me, and ASKED ME WHAT I THOUGHT WOULD BE FAIR TO CHARGE!!! Have you ever, ever, ever heard of that before? Amazing! I had contacted two other plumbing companies and one told me it would be $100 to snake the drain and the other said it would be $130. I told Mont I thought $130 was fair and he agreed. THEY REFUNDED MY CHARGE CARD with the $198 difference!! Mont also said he would like to come out and do a COMPLIMENTARY "jetting" of the sink line (clean it by jetting water through the line), since my house is 30 years old and the snake probably didn't get everything. IMAGINE THAT!! It was a good thing he did too, because the sink started clogging up again two days after Kevin was there. Kevin came out again and did the jetting at no cost. Mont also gave me a two year warranty on the work, which is UNHEARD OF. Needless to say, I would highly recommend Brothers but make sure when dealing with them that you get the price BEFORE they begin the work, and TALK TO MANAGEMENT if you have a problem. THEY LISTEN.
