5	New name - new owners.  We have been here when it was Pete's Thai, and e-San Sab-Sab, and I think that the food is good, if not a lot better, now that there are new owners.There is a lot of attention to detail, and during the lunch buffet, she comes around to let us know what is cooking, and what entree will be replenished in the buffet.  Waters are filled up, and she (new owner) seems interested in what entree(s) we are enjoying. Two kinds of soups are always ready, something that seemed to be lacking in the old days..(Personally, I would love to see more fish or seafood in the lunch buffet)The food is delicious, keep up the good work!!  It is a BOYB, which is nice if you have a wine or a beer you'd like to enjoy with your meal.
5	Great Thai restaurant! My wife and I like it so much we try to make it at least once a week. The buffet is very good, the tasty meals from the menu will have your taste buds dancing and they can make the menu meals to meet your desired level of spiciness. The Thai Tea and Thai Coffee are amazing as well. This one is worth checking out.
2	The service is better but the food is ok, Does not hold a candle to Pete's e-San Sab. I have eaten there every week since to new owners took over, ever week the food loses something. It's not bad food just not great.When new owners took over , I was excited, great service with great food. Unfortantuely it they changed the recipes and the food is just avg, have not ventured back in Feb. (I have not want to the buffet since no owners)
4	My friends and I go to this "secret" restaurant for "Friday Thaiday".  The owners are always friendly, laughing, and welcoming.  The entire family helps out.  The food is delicious...you choose your spice levels for any dish.  The Rad Na (spelling?) noodles, the red or yellow curry, and the coconut soup are outstanding.  5 stars!  You can skip the wontons and the Thai toast appetizers.  We now laugh with the servers about it, but the only negative is that the food takes FOREVER to be served.  It comes out one dish at a time, so if you are with a big group, it is a wonderfully slow dinner.  The soup may be the last dish to appear or the first...you never know.  The inside of this restaurant is unexpected.  Cute and clean.  Bring your own wine or beer and there is no corkage fee.  They will bring you a big ice bucket, corkscrew, whatever you need.  Come when you are not in a hurry.  Come and enjoy this delicious, authentic Thai food!
5	What a gem of a place! Family owned & operated.Take your favorite bottle of wine with you as it's a terrific BYOB spot. We ordered one entree & the ingredients were so fresh & vibrant. The broccoli & broccoli rabe was perfectly cooked & crunchy.  The bean sprouts were large, white & burst with flavor in your mouth.  The chicken plump & perfectly cooked.  They err on the side of hot in their recipes as we had a level 2 & it was a fairly hot flavor. We have both traveled to Thailand & thought we were tough but I caution to get 2 or lower.  We enjoyed our bottle of Chardonnay while we ate.  We enjoyed it so much that we ordered the same recipe to go!As a lighter dessert we got the coconut ice cream with fried bananas.Perfectly delightfully light & sized to share. The ambience is delicately decorated with Thai artifacts & impeccably clean. The bathroom was super clean, painted a cool silver & smelled of orchids. The door to the kitchen was open & I peeked inside & it was clean & everything was in its proper place. I was very happy to see that.   My only question was the audio ambience. There were not many tables occupied & it felt a little desolate that music would fill the vacant space. I remember hearing a little but then it was off.   The only other concern was the clarity of the menu. My date did all the ordering so I did not browse the menu but he said it was really confusing to the new customer.  We stayed a few hours & by that time there were a few more tables occupied. I was happy to see that. I highly highly recommend this place. How we learned about it was on a recommendations from a stranger on a Piestwa  Peak mountain hike. Thank you kind stranger.
4	Good fresh food in either ala carte of buffet format that is available for lunch most days. This was formerly known as Pete's Thai, which was excellent but which used a high spice level not all my friends enjoyed. Now you can use a seasoning bar with a dozen plus items to season to taste. They are friendly, trying hard and using all fresh ingredients they purchase daily or close to it. Definitely worth a try if you like traditional Thai food and really being able to taste all the many fresh herbs and spices in each dish.
5	This has got to be the best Thai food in Arizona!!! My favorite is the Ginger Pork. My husband loves the Cashew Chicken. Make sure to save room for the FBI (Fried banana ice cream). The owners are friendly and come out and talk to you if they can. Great family business!!!
5	One of the best kept secrets in Phoenix - hands down! I don't think I have ever had Pad Thai that good before. Even better, they have plenty of vegetarian and gluten-free options. If you are anywhere near North Phoenix, check this place out!
5	The best Thai food I've had in Phoenix... Well really the best I've ever had anywhere ever. Pad thai- amazing, panang curry- holy sh*t, fried tofu -yes please! This place is formally Pete's Thai. The new staff here is really friendly and seem really happy to have you dining at their restaurant.  The food presentation is perfect... The vegetables still are colorful and not over cooked. The waitress knew what was gluten free - which was basically everything on the menu. Oh and the plates they use are adorable. Hand painted white and blue china. Pretty much every aspect was perfection.
4	Great Thai food. I have been here several times since it changed owners. The food is good. A little less spicy with the new chef.  Service is great!! Great for vegans
4	I'm use to eating at other Thai restaurants in Scottsdale and Tempe, this is a true hidden treasure.  Outstanding food and service.  This is one of my top five in the world now
5	Have driven by it several times and commented to myself "you should try it one day." Well today was that day and boy am I kicking myself that it didn't try it sooner. The place was clean, quite and our server was fantastic. I had the chicken pad-see-yew and it was great. The chicken had a nice sear to it and the vegetables were cooked perfectly. The dish had some spicy at a level 2 but it wasn't too spicy and it is great that you get to choose how spicy you want your food. My wife had the Mas-Sa-Mum curry which was the hit of the night. I ate more of her curry than I did of my noodles.Our server, who I believe is one of the owners, encouraged us to come for one of the buffets to try an assortment of different dishes. She explained that the buffet consists of a large portion of the normal menu not a buffet menu. All in all a great dinning experience and will go back
5	Best Thai food in Arizona. Everything that my husband and I have tried have been excellent. The new owners are very friendly.
5	This place is a true gem, even though it's in the middle of nowhere Phoenix.  Great family owned service, tasty spices in every dish, very cute/quaint setting and affordable menus.  Definitely one of the best Thai restaurants we've tried in Phoenix.
5	If you love Thai food, you gotta check this place out on Sunday for the buffet! Great value & the food is sooo good! I hate to post this because I don't want to have to wait for a table when all of you try it..haha...but this place deserves a lot of business! The staff is friendly & so welcoming!
3	Sufficient for your Thai fix but it's no Sala Thai (32nd St.  just north of Shea Blvd.)Went there for dinner, so I have not yet tried the lunch buffet. I do plan on giving it a try some time.They charge for refills after the 1st soda refill, and after the 2nd tea refill. What? That shit costs them almost nothing, you're really going to charge for refills? Seems rather nitpicky and customer-unfriendly.Decent decor, the food is OK. Spiciness is from 1 to 5 and 3 was a decent amount of heat. I could not have done 4 and 5 must be suicidal. They will bring out a tray of four hot spices if you want to add a dab.All in all it's... A-OK but I live closer to Sala Thai and I would not drive the extra distance to go here.
5	Hands down some if the best Thai food I've ever had. Pad see yew was amazing. Will be back
5	This place has changed names twice in the last 2 years and i was curious about the new arrangement. I must say the decor is improved over the past, and the food, service and thai iced tea are all still excellent! Its still byob as well. Only bummer is no buffet on saturdays!
3	Review on the buffet. Food is decent. Spicy dishes not overly spicy but oily. Dishes are flavorful. About 6 different curries to try. Not much stuff inside the curry. They had some steamed veggies that I just added to my curry. Also, they didn't refill their stuff often. So there was supposed to be a fish dish, but they refilled the eggs rolls and the fried wonton like twice instead. So you can see what they want you to stuff yourself up with first.  The flavor of the pad see ew was good, but I just didn't like the overly oilyness. Also, the fried rice was not good. Just hard. The pad thai is okay. No sweet desserts...
5	= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Enjoyed a really fun UYE up here today with Monica O., Norm R. and Scott W!  The Buffet consisted of 20 main items and everything I tried was delicious, starting with Coconut Soup with Chicken, Vegetable Soup with Egg and Tofu, and then on to such treats as crispy fried Chicken Won Tons, Fish with Spicy Green Beans, and plenty of other tasty treats.They opened on time, the service was friendly and attentive, the dining room comfortable and nice, and with only two other Thai Buffets currently open in the Valley it's special to now have this one to enjoy too!     :-))Lunch Buffet:Tuesday thru Friday $9.99 from 11:30 AM.Sunday:  $10.99 from 12 noon.
5	I've always enjoyed dining in this location in its previous incarnations and it seems that the dining pleasure will continue with this reboot. The new owners have done a good job with new decorative touches and with maintaining the bright spacious ambiance of the place. My yelp friends Rand, Scott, Monica, and I tried the Sunday lunch buffet and I thoroughly enjoyed pretty much everything I had. I started with mussels in a gingery herbal broth and proceeded to sample each of the main offerings - the flavorful pad thai, the delicious eggplant and tofu dish, the spicy curries, and other meat and vegetable dishes - all very good. The lively young hostess made sure that our water glasses were always filled and the dishes taken away as we went back to the serving area for more helpings. I'm looking forward to literally many happy returns to this restaurant.
4	It was a spur of the moment thing and happy that it happened! I met up with Rand H, Norm R & Scott W to try the Reign of Thai buffet on a Sunday afternoon.Every item in the buffet looked delish and fresh,  I tried a variety of things and enjoyed them all, egg rolls, chicken won tons, pad thai, beef massaman curry, chicken pangang curry just to name a few.   Massaman curry is my favorite curry, and normally I chose chicken but the beef was good too!Service was friendly and learned from the server that it was her aunt and uncle who cooked all the dishes.Sundays buffet was 10.99 and it is very much worth the price! If I am ever in the area again you bet I will be back!
4	So I get this notice across Facebook that some of my friends want to go to the Sunday buffet here in about 2-1/2 hours. I really like Thai.   I had to call my help and tell her not to come in and went off to meet Monica, Rand and Norm.  What a lovely place to have lunch, or probably dinner too.  My favorite Thai dish is red curry with chicken and theirs is very good, with the heat level at medium which I like.  I tried several other dishes and liked every one.  The owners are super nice.  Keeping in mind this is a buffet, I know at least three of us tipped in the 18-25% range because of the quality of food and service and the value of the meal.
5	Omg! This food was so delicious. They rate there spiciness on a scale of 1-10. 3 is like a five at any other restaurant.anything that has spice you can adjust to your taste. It was amazing! Best tai food yet.
5	This place has great Thai food with really good, friendly service. A family operation, they really pay attention to their clients and make their clients feel as if they are guests enjoying a family meal. Food quantity is large. Definitely watch the spice level. Level 5 is Thai hot, hot, hot and really for the very serious spice lover. A word to the wise....The fish cakes are some of the best around. This is definitely one of my regular places!
5	My wife and I love the Tom Kha soup here. They use real thai peppers and Chili's for their spice which makes it authentically flavorful. The pad thai is also made properly with generous portions! And it's BYOB!
5	Super clean, extremely friendly staff, and amazing food. Had the coconut soup, pad Thai, and panang curry and even my two toddlers were licking their plates! Definitely going to try the lunch buffet sometime and next time will bring some wine along bc it's byob.
5	Don't be put off by the fact that it's next to a car repair shop. The food is really good, the servings are generous, and the staff are really friendly and have a sense of humor. Their curries are excellent, as is their pad thai. It's also very vegetarian friendly. This is my go-to place for Thai food. I highly recommend it.
5	The lunch buffet is amazing they have about 15 selections of Thai food specialties that are all amazing. The price is $9.95 per person its a steal. The owner is great and remembers us.  This has to be the best buffet in Arizona.  The food is always hot and fresh.
5	I went here for the first time 2 weeks ago.  Service was great! The owner was taking care of the front bc his server called out sick.  He was so nice and friendly and really cared about making his customers happy.    For that they get an extra star.      It was clean, bright, and decor was nice.  Food was delicious, everything was fresh and nice.
4	Came back here for dinner with the wife and I have to say I was a little disappointed with the service. The food took a very long time and when it came out it was wrong and wasn't really as good as it was the last time.  I think I'm going to stick to the amazing lunch buffet instead of dinner here.
5	Love this place. The family is cute and friendly. The good is fantastic and tastes authentic. Highly recommend. Yummy! Now if they could just be open a little longer in the afternoon it would be perfect.
3	I have been passing this place for quite some time and finally decided to stop for lunch as I have never been to a Thai Buffet before. I'm usually the guy that orders off the menu and asks for "Thai Hot" which is usually followed by "Thai Hot?" then my reply is "Yes, just as you would eat it" with disbelief on the servers part as my order heads back to the kitchen.However, this being a lunch buffet, it's obvious to say the spice needs to be palatable for most diners in the establishment. The atmosphere was nice and staff very attentive, just maybe a bit lacking in clearing the plates from the table, but otherwise no issues. I tried a few different items from the buffet, Pad Thai, Yellow Curry Chicken, Spicy Chicken and Green beans, Spring Roll, and Coconut Chicken Soup. All the dishes were flavorful and had a slight kick to them. I'm sure you could as for extra spice on the side if you needed more, but everything was satisfactory.I'd recommend it for a good lunch and I will be back to order off the menu at a later date.
5	Great Lunch Buffet! Must come for dinner also! I'm adding all sorts of words so yelp will make it a review and not a tip. How stupid! My cherrie has been broken!
5	Hands down, the best Thai food in Phoenix. Very friendly and clean. I have been here many times with friends & family. The flavors in the seasonings seem to blend together with a burst of great taste. I am working my way through the menu and have had no disapointments.
5	So impressed. I have been wanting to try a Thai buffet to sample different curries. This place did not disappoint. Clean and open seating with a great buffet. Really enjoyed the variety of food. Fresh, great veggies, fantastic spice. The curries were delicious, I My favorites were the green and yellow curry . I was less excited about the Pad Thai but also think that a buffet isn't the best for that. . Will be back again. Service was wonderful as well.
4	We went with friends. None of the four of us were very knowledgeable on Thai cuisine. Our server was wonderful offered excellent choices and none of us were sorry with our choices. Good food and good service very enjoyable for our first time here.Not much from the outside next to an Aamco parking lot but worth the trip here.Will return
5	We have friends from San Tan Valley who wanted to meet us for lunch. I suggested the buffet here. It is from 11:30 - 3:00. Everything tasted so wonderful and fresh. They are both vegetarians and they loved all the options, but we all agreed on one thing. The Coconut soup was OFF THE HOOK !
5	Love this place too much. Great authentic food. Mango sticky rice is to die for. I love that you can bring your own beer. This is my favorite place to take my family!!!
5	Some of the best authentic Thai food, even on their buffet. I would know since I lived there for 30 years.
2	This place is right around the corner from my house. Thought I'd give it a shot. Restaurant was not that busy and there were three wait staff. Wait staff was very friendly, BUT service was very poor. Prices were also over priced for the portion sizes. Not a terrible place, but I've definitely had better.
4	Great Thai food! The Panang Curry was great. Things run on the spicy side so keep that in mind! Great place!
5	This place is AMAZING. Whether you do the lunch buffet or order by plate, you'll love what you get. No matter what though, you must try the mango with sticky rice. It's perfect!
5	We were there for the lunch buffet and would recommend it to anyone that loves Thai. There was a great variety of dishes and the flavors were incredible. There were several dishes we tried and enjoyed them all. The spicy basil chicken was excellent as well as the coconut soup and all of the curries, panang, mussaman, red, yellow and green. It was a great meal and we will be back.
1	I have never seen such a worst buffet restaurant in my life. Very few variety of food with just 2 starters and no dessert.10.99 for this buffet restaurant is just waste of money.
5	Fantastic Thai food for a very reasonable price. I especially recommend their noodle dishes. They encourage BYOB, which makes this warm little restaurant even more appealing!
1	Stay away! The food from the buffet is not worth ten dollars...I wouldn't eat it if it was free.As I write this I have a stomach ache after one medium size plate of food.
3	= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Monica O. spearheaded a UYE up here today and 15 of us came out to enjoy some tasty Thai food and great Yelpie fellowship!  (Thanks Monica!)  The Buffet featured 15 items including two soups, Vegetable with Egg & Tofu, and Coconut with Chicken.  There was plain and fancy rice offered, and a good number of hot dishes including chicken, beef and fish, as well as several vegetable combos, 19 items all together.Everything was good here, and with only 3 Thai Buffets currently being offered in the Valley it's a plus to have these guys here.     :-)The dining room here is comfortable and the table service was fine, but for me there were three drawbacks this time:*  Nearly all of the meat dishes were chicken.*  There were no dessert items included.*  They only allow one credit or debit card payment per table.  In our case that meant that 14 of us were expected to have cash for our meal!  WHAT???     :-OBy some miracle I guess that all but one of us did have enough cash, but I think that policy is unsatisfactory.  Why not put the customer first?                                                                                          `Lunch Buffet:Tuesday thru Friday $9.99 from 11:30 AM.Sunday:  $10.99 from 12 noon.
5	We live near by and feel very fortunate as this has been the best and most consistent thai restaurant we've tried in several years living in Phoenix.    Our favorites are green curry with chicken,  they actually use thai eggplant a nice authentic touch.   Pad see ew beef, smokey and sweet; eggplant w tofu- just to die for.   Service has been great. Best of all you can byob as they don't have their alcohol license.Buffet has been as described,  Delicious and a great value.
5	This was my first time eating here. There was a bit of a wait for the food, but well worth it. I got the eggplant entree with tofu. The vegetables were bright, crisp and crunchy. The meal had a perfect amount of spice - I picked 3 out of 5 on the spice gauge. Very tasty with large portions.
4	I had the pleasure of attending the ISC UYE here a couple weekends back and was pleasantly surprised by the Thai buffet offerings. This place has a legit buffet with dish after dish of fresh Thai foods (and the employees continuously brought out fresh food). They had a tasty lemongrass soup, a delicious spicy chicken dish, and several tasty curries. Additionally, their eggplant was tender and perfect. They had all types of meat, noodles, tofu, soups, curries, and even vegetarian spring rolls... huge range. This place is fairly far from my house, but If I were craving a Thai buffet, I would certainly return!
5	My wife & I just got back from The Reign of Thai buffet. OMG ! It tastes better than the last time we went there. Everything from the Coconut Soup, to the veggies, Won Tons, Egg Rolls, & Curries, all tasted really fresh and full of flavor. You can really taste the time and care that goes in to making each dish. We have been here many times because of one reason, "WE LOVE THIS PLACE"
5	This place is great! They have an excellent lunch buffet and the staff is awesome. One of the owners who is also one of the chefs even came out to talk to us when I had a question about one of their dishes. Highly recommend this place!
5	We all had such a great time last night. Everyone was so impressed with the flavor and spices of each dish. They all loved it, grabbed a menu, and are starting to plan what each person wants on their next visit
5	I went here for the lunch buffet and was blown away! Not the greatest location, I was a little weary at first.  But, I was proven wrong because the food was out of this world.  I have been to numerous thai places around the valley and this is by FAR the best!
5	We came to watch some Thai dancing at our favorite Thai restaurant. Of course the food was KRAZY GOOD ~ but the Thai dancing was AWESOME !
5	This is authentic Thai food and by far the best I have ever had. The best way to describe the food that I can think of is that the flavors are having a party and dancing on your taste buds. We have become regulars, I have tried almost everything on the menu and it is all amazing.The Thai tea and Thai coffee are incredible too!
5	Great food, check your spice level at the door. They can make it hot if you like. Fast friendly service. Not over bearing, yet very attentive. Ott is a very pleasant and will take time to chat with you. He always makes us feel welcome. Thanks Ott.
