4	A really good local coffee shop in Surprise.  Amoungst all of our corporate coffee shops this place is a hidden gem.  They have live music, local artwork on display, and great coffee.Do yourself a favor and try it!
5	I've been here a handful of times now.  The atmosphere is one that invites you to stay a while and hang out with friends or enjoy a solitary time out from the world "over coffee".  There are local groups that organize meetings onsite and a host of activities designed to bring people together.  I've hosted a few meetings there and appreciate that Over Coffee is using their business to foster a sense of community in the rapidly growing west side.Other positives:-FREE WIFI!!!!-Wall outlets I could plug my laptop battery into-Clean, open space with lots of tables/seating (including outdoor seating)-4 Oversized comfy chairs, with board games on the coffee table-Friendly staff-Smoothie menu-Prices comparable to the national/chain coffee shops-They promote other small businessesNegatives-Food not so great.  I had an apple pastry once that was somewhat stale.  The other minimal selections in the pastry case didn't seem so appetizing (e.g., cake donuts, cold danishes, plastic wrapped bagels).Overall, I'd definitely recommend checking this place, when you need a break from the Starbucks & CBTLs.
5	My absolute favorite coffee shop - I'm a regular!Friendly atmosphere & staff, buttery fluffy muffins, ooey gooey danishes, tasty coffee, and support for local businesses and entrepreneurs.  The only negative for me is the mysterious disappearance of the corn tortilla bagel (much yummier than it sounds)!
3	A small coffee shop in the middle of nowhere that offers basic beverages at trendy corporate chain prices. There's really nothing that excites me about this place: ordinary coffee and easy-bake-oven inspired pastries. I took a risk at the enormous sized eclair and it was disgusting. Overall, it's really just the free WiFi that'll bring me back to the cafe at the edge of the universe.
