5	My family is from New York City and we were DYING for some rice. (We asians love our rice) We were driving around Chinatown and just over looking some of the menus and the Chinatown Plaza caught our eye, so we parked our car and checked out some of the restaurants. Nothing on the ground floor interested us so we went up and saw Spicy City. It was pretty empty inside, only about 2 tables filled but the owner of the restaurant, a very friendly and jolly man, popped his head out and says "please! come try out the food! it's amazing, my wife cooks it!" This man did not lie. We had 4 dishes to share with a big pot of rice and soup. Everything was delicious, and this family owned business really hit the spot for my rice craving family. However, the food is very well seasoned with pepper so anyone who isn't very good at eating spicy foods, tell them to slow it down on the pepper cause this restaurants lives up to its name. I recommend asking the owner or his son for recommendations on the best foods for the night!
1	really bad and disappointed experience at Vegas. The time we were exploring the manu. The owner told us any guest in the restaurant without ordering their spicy chicken should be our the restaurant. At their door advertisement, it writes the shanghai little buns are special offers in order to thanks guests support in the past 8 years. We ordered the second plate of that buns, the owner told us only the first is served with the special offer. The food their is small portion but expensive. The 15% service fee is added automaticly when we wanna check out. How can this service deserve that much service fees. DO NOT GO THERE ANYMORE. Totally disappointed.
1	rice noodle is really bad. Staffs are not friendly.15% service fee added automatically.
1	so bad. worst service ive ever had. wont try this ever! the pork dumpling is not bad though
1	totally shit, shit service. The waiter told us to move the dishes ourselves when we needed to move to another table. I never write a review before but this restaurant is terrible
1	Went in for the noodle poster on their wall, but the real noodle was sooo bad that made me lose my apperti! The noodle soup smells turning bad already. Also, they charged 15% tips automatically for such bad serves-- we waiting at front door about 5 mins to get the first waiter came to talk to us; they serve the dishes without rice so we ask for rice(charged) THREE TIMES until we finally got it. Never going there again.
