5	The Team at this physical Therapy office helped restore my leg after my ACL Surgery December 27th 2012.  The entire staff make you feel like family not like a patient.  They cared about me as an individual and what treatment I needed to regain use of my leg.  I would not be where I am today physically without the care of this physical Therapy office.  I would highly recommend them to any and everyone I know that needs Physical Therapy.
5	I have been going here for 6 weeks. They defiantly make you feel like part of there family. They truly care about your wellbeing.  Would send anybody i knew there.
5	I highly recommend Restore Physical Therapy to everyone.  Mike and his team are more than awesome!  This is a place of true healing.  The staff really care about you as an individual and customize the therapies to suit you and your needs.  The atmosphere is light and friendly - always a pleasant place to be.  I cannot thank everyone enough.  Love you guys!
1	I just canceled my husband's evaluation at Restore when I noticed the lobby floor was covered in filth which included a number of mouse droppings.  If they don't even bother to remove mouse droppings, how are they maintaining the equipment and facility? Their patients are already compromised, some have open, deep wounds and mice are known to cause all sorts of diseases.  Go there at your own risk.  When I complained the front office girl offered to sweep the droppings up with a broom and dust pan.  I can't imagine anyone going there after looking at that filthy floor which obviously had not been cleaned in many weeks.  It makes me sick thinking about the patients that were there using their equipment.  They may have the nicest, family oriented P/T's but if no one even breaks out a mop and the Lysol, what kind of service are you going to get???.
1	I thought they did a good job until I went to Foothills Sports Medicine.  I started getting a weird feeling when I kept getting calls to make visits when I didn't even need treatment anymore.  I went there again for a non injury but a soreness and somewhat trauma I've had for a while.  When I stopped going, I got calls again to come in.  My insurance isn't great and they knew that.  The worst part is the their billing, it's confusing and they don't even understand it.
