3	I'm having a really hard time writing this review. I mean, I want to love this place so bad. It's Peruvian (as am I), it's close to my house, and it's close to my mom's house, too. So why, if I'm so predisposed to loving this place, is it only three stars? Read on, friend.First of all, this place is tucked away in the Marketon shopping center. It's near the Dotty's, in the back corner of the shopping center. The location isn't really an issue, except that parking in this shopping center is a pain. Again, it's in the Marketon shopping center, so there are tons of families and kids and stuff. I park near the burnt-down Jack in the Box because there are less cars there. Plus egress onto Decatur is easier. The food servings are generous, but they're also expensive. the Ceviche Don Beto, which is a regular fish ceviche plus fried seafood stuffs, was delicious and a large portion, but $18 for that dish still seemed too high. I also ordered a lomo saltado (stir fried steak plus fries and rice) for my brother, and that was $12. That price seemed to more accurately match the meal: the food was good and the portion was good, and it wasn't too expensive!The service at this place isn't the best, and I take issue with that. See, I expect that most low-budget restaurants are going to have poor decor and such, but providing good service is free. It costs nothing to ask me how my food is, refill my drink, or to more carefully wipe down the tables. Seriously. Again, the prices aren't cheap. For two ceviches like mine, plus an appetizer and drinks, you're looking at like a $65 dinner for two. I would expect more for that price.Ultimately, I can recommend this place based on the food. It's good and the portions are hearty, too. But the lack of service and high prices really bring this place down. I'll come here again, but now I know what to expect. So do you.
3	The food in this restaurant  is excellent. The only thing that bothered me was the prices. A little on the high side of things, and (when i went) Pollo a la brasa wasn't available at all!. I went there with my family the other day and ordered "bistec a lo pobre", some "Arroz chaufa" and some inca kola.  I loved the way the steak tasted, almost as it had been marinated for days. The arroz chaufa was pretty good as well. if it hadn't been for the bill i would have returned. Both entrees were about 15$ plus the drink. so we ended up paying more than 35-40$. Again food is exellent, but if you got a light wallet you might want to try the other peruvian alternatives.
5	Good
1	This was not a good experience. It was very hard to locate as it is hidden in the corner of an obscure shopping center. Then, there was only one girl in the restaurant, so she served as hostess/waitress/cook/cashier. Needless to say, everything was slow as molasses! When we eventually got our food, It had very little taste and did not come as we ordered it. My wife and I asked for the tomatoes and onions be left out and it came with more vegetables than beef (we both had lomo saltado). If we asked for anything ( soy, salt, etc...) it took 5 minutes because there were 2 additional tables by now. When we finished, we gave the girl a Yelp coupon for $20 for $10 we purchased through Yelp. She had no idea what it was. She made a call (to the owner, I guess) and said it would NOT be honored as they had no idea what it was. Needless to say, we will not be returning to this place!
4	I really enjoyed my experience here. I would recommend it to anyone.The location is pretty awful, located in a corner shop of a ghetto shopping center. But once you get inside you don't care. The staff is nice and the food is absolutely amazing.If you want Peruvian food and are in vegas, check this place out.
