5	Maaaan. I think Yogurtland is where I want to go when I die. It is like heaven to me. This location just opened, but I have been here twice in the past week already. I hate that they do not have royalty cards. I could really cash in on all my visits if they did! That is the only bad thing about it. This place was full on a Sunday evening and I'm so happy they are open late, until (at least) 11 PM everyday. The taro flavored frozen yogurt never disappoints. Their pistachio and toasted coconut mixed together is also very delicious. Their liquid toppings consists of only about 5 flavors. They do not have Fruity Pebbles, but their crushed graham crackers are a decent substitute. Unlike other places --- the frozen yogurt is great all on its own. You actually do not need toppings, but I would deem you clinically insane if you didn't try any. Go here NOW and don't forget to pick me before you do.
5	I feel so bad that I have always judged Yogurtland by their Town Square location.  Now that I've been to this fabulous one in Centennial, I realize that Yogurtland is actually good when you don't have to stand in a ginormous, slow-moving line, cramped into a tiny little semi-clean store like you're part of a cattle herd!This Centennial location opened only a few weeks ago and I'm too embarrassed to admit how many times I've been there already.  The staff here is extremely friendly -- always offering samples and quick to ring you up -- and always keeping the place clean.But the star, really, is the yogurt.  They have TONS of great flavors (my favs right now being the pistachio, double cookies and cream and red velvet), and I agree with the last poster that the yogurt here really is good enough to stand on it's own.  I rarely get any toppings and that's just fine with me.I also agree with her, though, that they need to have a loyalty card.  That's the only thing that bums me out about them... cuz believe me... I would have earned a couple free yogurts by now!!
4	Love this place. Went there 2 days in a row. So many flavors to choose from and even more toppings to make u stand there for 10 minutes wondering what the heck you want on it. It would have gotten 5 stars but there is no sign that has prices. It is around 35 cents an ounce. I found that out when another customer asked one of the guys that was doing some fix-it work in there and after i had already paid for my stuff. But all in all you gotta go try it. Now I want some. Well i guess I know where I'm going today. lol
5	the best yogurt in las vegas!!!   this yogurt is no joke! the madagascar vanilla has real vanilla beans in it. they use real fruit in the yogurt. this place blows every yogurt place in vegas away. menchies, u-swirl, golden spoon, and the rest of them cant touch them. every flavor is truly amazing. the yogurt is never icy, but always smooth and creamy. they rotate around 12 flavors everyday. they have great toppings and the place is the bomb!!! 30 cents an  ounce. you can get out of there for around 3.50 and have the best fro yo in vegas!
5	Discovered this place last week!!! It's over the top. Lines will be out the door when the heat arrives.  Right now the best yogurt stop in town. Lots of different flavors. Have the standards Choclate,Vanilla,strawberry, which are your base flavors...then you can mix/match so many other cool flavors, mango, tart blueberry, red velvet dough, pralines/cream, etc. Then you get to add all the other "good" stuff, strawberries, bluebarries, pineapple,bananas, all fresh..then choc chips,butterscotch, on and on.You pay by the ounce in the cups. Price is reasonable...My only suggestion is they consider a value card, where after so many purchases you get a feebie.   Staff is friendly...enjoy...
5	This is my new favorite frozen yogurt place!!! I've been there 4 times in the last week. shhhhh. My kids love it. It's very clean. The frozen yogurt is delicious. I have yet to try a flavor I didn't like. The Taro flavor struck me as odd so I tried it and am now hooked. My second fave would have to be the red velvet cake batter. I love the nutritional info given on the tags above each flavor. I also like the fact that they carry a nice sugar free selection. The sugar free flavors are actually available and in stock (*cough -golden spoon-cough*). The selection of toppings are astounding. They have lychee!!! They also carry not so common toppings like captain crunch cereal and fruity pebbles. The price isn't bad either. For my 2 daughters and I, our 3 bowls usually come up to around $7. They also have complimentary water.
4	It's official, I'm a spoon collector. *sigh*
5	This place is AMAZING in other words I LOVED IT :) Get a cup, chose your favorite frozen yogurt and your favorite topping from fresh fruit, nuts, chocolate chips and other goodies. They weigh it in and tell you the price. It tastes like heaven on earth.
4	Really sad to say I have to downgrade this Yogurtland by one star because it has become what I hated about the Town Square location --- WAY TOO FREAKIN CROWDED.  The seating area is actually fairly large, but the clientele seems to be enormous families with parents who don't care about the behavior of their children... or giant groups of really loud teenagers.I'm a mom so trust me I'm not anti-kid.  I just hate seeing them running out of control, screaming, basically acting like monkeys while their parents don't seem to notice/care.I know that's not Yogurtland's fault, but it is what it is.  I think when the weather gets warmer and the crowd can spill into the outdoor seating, this place will be a lot more enjoyable.
5	I used to go to the Town Square location, but since I'm not down there very often any more (and they off'd most of my favorite flavors) this is now my yogurt place of choice. If you've never been to one, Yogurtland pretty much has this customizable frozen yogurt thing down cold. It's simple, clean, and you pay for whatever you get based on weight. While I do think it's a tad pricier than I'd like (just a tad), I can overlook that considering it's quite tasty and the options are all there.Above all else, and this is a personal note, I deeply thank this location for hanging on to a variety of tart flavors. I'm a tart fanatic, and though we aren't the majority, it's always special to us when we're permitted to get our fix without someone forcing chocolate, vanilla or strawberry down our throats and telling us to like it. I like sherbet. I shouldn't be punished for it. It's hard enough to find in regular old ice cream. I went in here one time and managed to fill my cup with FIVE different tart flavors. For me, this is heaven.Hey manager-owner person, when you whittle down these flavors, and I know you will, please at least hold on to blueberry tart and plain tart. I will love you forever.If you're normal, they have all that other stuff too, plus some more unorthodox flavors that change every so often. And they have a lot of nice toppings. My personal favorite is the mochi bits. Num num!
5	I'm so glad they are opening Yogurtlands around my side of Vegas! U-Swirl and Fresco don't compare. More flavors and at only 33 cents and ounce you can't beat the price! Definitely my one of only beloved frozen yogurt place!
4	The BF and I came to try the newest addition to our hood. The flavors of the yogurt were good. I particularly enjoyed the key lime, green tea, pistachio. Only flavor I wasn't into was the french vanilla, but I think it just didn't go with the toppings/other flavors somehow. I appreciate they keep the toppings bar clean and stocked. My one complaint is the way the layout is. The line is formed against the wall of yogurt and when it's a long line, my flavors have to be picked out and put into my cup and I have to wait for people to do up their toppings. I kinda wanted to try a little taste to decide on a flavor but there was no little taster cups for those (it says you have to ask- and who wants to go to the register and disrupt the line for that?). My yogurt was still okay by paying, but it already started to melt because it was out. It also made me feel like rushing my toppings....I didn't want to be that asshole holding up everyone. I like the layout of Menchie's way more where you feel free to go to the machines and toppings bars yourself and the line was at the cash registers only. It ensures getting people out faster and that people who like to take their time or try samples of the yogurts can.This is the closest yogurt place by my house and is pretty good. However, I think the layout is gonna be a problem on a busy summer day and I will end up at Menchies.
5	The best fro yo yet! I love the Madagascar vanilla yogurt! It is really good! Yup!
5	I LOVE this Yougurtland location! I love Yogurtland period, but this one is AWEsome! I use to go to the one at Town Square when it was the only one around being the first location in Nevada, but that one got popular and too excessively busy. This one out here in Centennial Gateway is perfect though. Right next to Fresh & Easy, and all our awesome food places, I love that on a warm summer nigth you can easily walk across the street to cool of with one of their many different ever-changing flavors and sit on one of the streetside benches and just enjoy the night after a long day and big meal. The location helps push this Yougurtland to 5 stars, though the staff is super incredible too, always friendly and willing to help. More toppings then any other fro-yo place around this side of the desert, and like I said before, they always have new, awesome flavors coming in. On top of all that, the price is always really afforable, usually under $8 for two. So glad the Centennial Hills Yougurtland opened, couldn't have been in a better location or at a better time. Yougurtland, You Rule lol, seriously! Go check it out, NOW! As if it could get any better, they're open til midnight weekends, 11pm weekdays. Awesome again. Oh Yeah. How I love thee Yougurtland, and you make my wife happy too ;-)
4	Frozen yogurt is awesome! Gives you the opportunity to make it a healthy snack or get the sugary toppings and have dessert and it's cheap.This yogurtland is very good. It is always kept pretty clean even when it is slammed busy (which is quite often) Would be 5 stars but its so damn trendy that the lines are unbearable for me and I just keep driving.
5	You can't go wrong with great tasting frozen yogurt.  I visit as often as I can.  A++ for the new Oatmeal Cookie flavor.  It's delish!!!
4	Love the location of this place to grab a snack around 10-11pm otw home. Good easy parking, not too busy but not dead either. I stick to the chocolate and add either peanut butter or oatmeal cookie. In another cup, i get the fruity stuff which they always seem to have something new and delicious. What's not to like about froyo right??
5	What's not to love about yogurtland? This location is the closest to me... 9 miles away, but worth the drive.I'm not that ninja so I won't come here alone... so I wait for my bf to make a trip. My bf and I have been coming here when he's home from tour. We like coming here late at night right before closing to get our fix. For the most part, it's clean and the staff is really nice.My favorite flavors are blueberry tart, coconut, oatmeal and peach. I usually top it off with mango, cheesecake and mochi balls. random huh? My bf likes rainbow sprinkles on his :)) Tons to choose from... if you love frozen yogurt go to any yogurtland and go crazy... tons of flavors and topping for everyone.-Miss Yelp 2011
5	They have 4 tart flavors right now. I love tart froyo. There are a lot of flavors to choose from. Plus you can put on whatever toppings you want. It's all weighed so I have seen some kids go crazy with the toppings! Ask for some sample cups at the register before you get to the flavors. The cheesecake bits are great and the strawberries too.
5	I love the new pumpkin pie flavor. Everytime I go I ask for sample cups. This allows me to try a flavor without committing to it. My favorite is the tart. I love that you put on the toppings. When I went to pinkberry it was over $6 for one small cup. Yogurtland costs me $3-4. Love it!
4	I'm so glad to see a Yogurtland on my side of Vegas! U-Swirl use to be my favorite yogurt crave until I decided to checkout Yogurtland. A huge amount of flavors to choose from with a countless amount of toppings from kiwis and mangos to oreos and graham crackers.My favorite place to visit for dessert! ;)
5	quick,easy,huge variety and very affordable!
5	My husband and I LOVE this place.  It is part of every one of our date nights.  We used to drive downtown - until we found Yogurtland.  It's closer, cheaper, and gives us more flavor options.  We have tried U-Swirl and Golden Spoon too, but nothing comes close to Yogurland!!  My favorite flavor is oatmeal cookie; my husband likes any of the tart flavors.
5	Great place for yogurt ice cream. Don't expect it to be healthy, just expect deliciousness. I only have the originals, which is the only flavor that tastes like actual yogurt. Bottom line - better than ice cream
5	Probably one of the best froyo places I've been to. Always have great flavors to try and fresh fruit to put on it as well as other toppings. The staff here is always friendly and the place is always clean. I come here whenever I have the chance.
4	best yogurt / ice cream place I've been to in LV.  Clean is the big one.  I spilled my yogurt in the bathroom and scooped it off the floor.  I had no qualms eating it- everything was so clean.Nice staff as well.  Try the mint creme flavor. Delishh.
5	THE BEST! Always cool inside, great flavor choices, delicious toppings, and reasonably priced! Our family of six can get cool treats well within budget unless it's just too tempting and the kids put a little more in their cup which happens once in a while. Hmmm... Maybe we will have to go for a visit today:) Sorry Golden Spoon... Yogurtland is worth the farther drive!
5	Best Yogurt in town!!! Awesome!1
5	Love, love, love Yogurtland!
5	Had a BOGO coupon from the mail!So I'm usually a patron of U-swirl because it's close, and yogurt land-not so close, but I really wanted to use this coupon...glad I did!The selection of yogurts was really fun and a-typical. I loved the midnight mocha truffle and the almond rocha was great. My daughter loved the passion fruit sorbet and their toppings are great too.
4	Great customer service! I used my USAA debit card and the man behind the counter asked me if I was in the military because they have military discounts. I wasn't, but the point is that I appreciated the offer for a discount if it was the case. Some places seem to be pretty stingy with their discounts or don't offer them at all. Very clean, great topping selection, and welcoming. Since it is now October, I tried the pumpkin flavored frozen yogurt. Yummmy I love the taste of fall!
4	Love love love Yogurtland. Great rotation of flavors. Always hits the spot. Only drawback is that it can get reallybusy and the seating area isn't that big. In warmer weather you can sit outside though.
5	Military discount given!! Al hands down this place is awesome.
4	I always love going to Yogurtland because they always have an Awesome selection of goodies to put on top!I love the Mango Tapioca balls that Burst with goodness! I like self Serve with good prices!It's an Awesome treat for the baby cause it's Yogurt!
5	Sample a little or sample it all.  Hands down this place is a favorite amongst the fam.  They have a ton of flavors to choose from so pick one, pick em all.  Its all good.  The toppings is where its at though.  Can I just scream CHEESECAKE BITES!!!  I love them along with some chocolate chips and thier granola is pretty fantastic too.  Since it is self serve you would expect toppings everywhere but no - they keep on top of that.  Its affordable based on how much you have-by weight.  You can sit inside or outside.  The place is clean and always a nice guy behind the counter......and always busy with happy people. =)
3	This place is pretty basic in the yogurt ways- toppings and all, pretty much the same, as is the price. You have to go to the opposite end of the room to start- and sometimes that gets annoying since you have to wade through thirty people and their little brats just to find a cup. Not good planning there.Anyways, they do have some new flavors it seems every now and then. It would be nice to try them. I can't, since everytime I go, no matter what, whatever flavor I choose is always, always, EMPTY. Then my second flavor is almost empty. It takes a long, long time to get your cup filled here, since every fricken machine is EMPTY. Seriously!? It also doesn't help that there never fails to be a person behind you, glaring at you because they want that one too. Uh, it's empty. It's slow. Think you're going to get it to work? I don't think so.
4	I really like it here, really good yogurt and the employees are always nice. I'm the person that has to try every new flavor possible when I come into the place, cause I can never make up my mind.The only thing that ever irritates me here is when there's a machine empty. Goddamn it I want my dutch chocolate quit standing around and fill that sucker up so I can continue being a fatass please and thank you. Usually doesn't happen very often to me, but I notice a lot of the popular flavors are reallllllyyy sloowww coming out of the machine. Better hop to it smiley cashier!
4	This yogurtland is a little too small for the amount of people who come here..... But it's always delicious! Military discount as well... I hope they build one closer!
4	Best Frozen Yogurt to ever exist. Best Price, Topping and Flavor Options. I used to visit the one in Anaheim all the time when I worked for Disneyland and now that I'm back home in Vegas and it is here, I still can't help myself.
5	Never been into yogurt until I went here.  The place is very clean and the customer service was great. And the prices there are pretty reasonable. My usual is the French vanilla topped with fruity pebbles n sour worms lol I know it sounds gross Don't judge me.
1	First time at this location and I was highly disappointed. I am a frequent uSwirl go-er, so my expectations were pretty high. This place doesn't even compare! It was dirty, toppings were on the floor and counters. The guy who worked there was clearly more interested in talking with his female co-worker in the rear of the store. Never coming back!
5	They have great flavors and add-ons, but what makes this location the best is their CUSTOMER SERVICE! They hire people with great customer service skills and people like that make you feel good so I also add to the tip jar!
3	After acclimating to all natural tart yogurts, it is difficult to have a taste for the powder and processed yogurt at Yogurtland. They are still one of the better options when it comes to toppings and convenience. Without my favorite place close by, they do hit the spot. The coconut pistachio is a great combination. I just had that little tingling along my tongue from too much sugar though.
5	If you like frozen yogurt, you'll love this place.  The yogurt is great and they're pretty busy during the summer but it's worth the wait!
2	Something about the yogurt here really upset my stomach. The milk content is much higher than other froyo places and the prices are higher than other self serve places as well. They have great unique flavors but i'm going to stay away.
2	I'm a Yogurtland fan but this location just seems to be slipping in quality. We've been here a handful of times since it's so close to our house. The yogurt itself is great, I love trying the new flavors and I like the fact that they venture out with unusual flavors and toppings. Most of the time, I'm faced with the "I can't decide what flavor I want" dilemma and end up having way too much stuff in my cup that I never finish. On the plus side of that, the prices are excellent for what you get and we almost never spend over $10 for the 3 of us. My problem with this location is the management, or lack thereof really. This location gets craaaazy busy and many times you're stuck waiting in line. That doesn't bother me much as getting through that line only to find out there's stuff out at the topping bar. Stuff that the employees apparently have no interest in refilling. We were in just the other night and the whipped cream was out. Which, if you haven't tried that, I highly suggest you do... it's really good. So, I looked the girl straight in the face THREE times and said there's no whipped cream and she looked at me like I was stupid. She made no effort to get more or even tell someone else that it was out. I have to assume the lazy employees and the apparent lack of management is why the store always seems to be dirty too. There's usually melted yogurt all over the tables, chairs and trash cans. Not to mention the yogurt machines themselves being dirty and the topping bar looking like a sweets tornado just rolled through. How they manage that with 3 employees standing behind that counter blows my mind. The product and price deserves an easy 4 stars but the service and cleanliness is 1 star and generally why we go visit other businesses to satisfy our sweet tooth!
2	flavors are great but every time i come this location it is disgusting! machines are dirty, the floors are dirty, topping area seems to never be fresh... disappointing since this is the closest location to our house.. i dont understand stand why they have a tip jar for a SELF serve place? if you're going to except tips i expect the counters to be at least wiped and greet me when i walk it...
5	This location is always packed and with good reason. The staff has always been consistently upbeat and helpful. The energy is great and the yogurt is satisfying
3	The flavors are always tasty but the location can be a little more clean. Ive got to other yogurtlands and everything always nice and clean. Sometimes this location can be cleaner but still good yogurt.
3	This yogurt place was pretty good. Great toppings and more. I am giving it a three for more selfish reasons here. Their options in flavors were not very good. When a yogurt place like this has two different versions of chocolate, when they could through in a blueberry or something better, I tend to cringe.
5	Always flavorful and delicious! Tons of flavors to choose from, and they're always adding seasonal tastes as well!Perfect family dessert or treat stop! Always a lot of people no matter what time of year. It really gives a great energy to the place, and it makes you excited to go there for your treat! My personal favorite flavors would be anything tropical or fruit flavored. I like to mix vanilla or plain flavor, then I'll add mochi and white chocolate chips for extra fun flavor. My mouth is watering now!
3	Great tasting yogurt. The fruity flavors are wonderful. However, the staff was very rude. I stood at the counter for five minutes while I had to wait for two staff members to finish their conversation right in front of me.
5	For frozen yogurt this is the best place I have been. They have plenty of flavor choices and you can sample them which I do every time there is a new flavor. The toppings that I have had are good quality.
3	Left here in tears last night. It wasn't totally Yogurtland's fault. The frozen yogurt was really good, and I like the decor! The only thing is it's really hard to get around in there when it's busy and you're in a wheelchair. They packed the place with tables and places to sit, but they probably didn't account for all the extra space all those tables need when there are people sitting at them. I could hardly get in and out of the store. It happens all the time at businesses, but this time it just made me so sad that my family had to sit out in the car and eat our ice cream because of my dumb wheelchair. My daughter is little and was excited to eat ice cream there. It was hard to explain to her we just didn't fit. Ah well, there are worse things to complain about I guess. We might go back, but during times when it's not so busy.
5	You know this place is good when you go here two nights in a row. I love the flavors that are there. It does make it tough to choose what to have. Then have to pick what toppings you will add. The staff is friendly and very welcoming.
4	This is a very inexpensive treat! Get the app to get discounts. Ever since I have joined the rewards program I have always received a discount each visit. The toppings are fresh and unique. I tried a golden kiwi for the first time here.
5	I have never been here so on my break I took my coupon down to see them.  I am glad I found this place!  Very clean and Leah is GREAT!  She explained everything and gave me some sample thingys.  Yogurt is great and the toppings are super fresh!She even let me sample the candy boba.... Better than regular boba ;)  Definitely be back!
1	Rude customer service , the girl I think was the manager looked really annoyed seeing kids running around, when a customer asked her for a sample cups( she was supposed to offer them samples at the first place) she told the customers that she was out of sample cups...Purposely ...showing them the regular cups as she didn't understand what they were talking about...they felt confused and went to fill the cups without getting any samples of the new flavors....worst yogurland ever, won't go back!!
