5	I'll get right to it. Their fried chicken is the best. It blows Lolo's out of the water!  It has a light, crisp coating, the chicken itself was juicy and well-seasoned. Per usual, I got the hot sauce bottle at the ready. But after tasting that chicken, I set it right back into the rack. It didn't need a thing.Honestly, the chicken was better the first time I went, rather than the second time. I think the second time, they cut back on the salt. There was great praise for the fried catfish and the red beans. My dining companion is from New Orleans, and she raved about the red beans. She claimed they are the closest thing to the real deal that she has tasted, outside of N.O. I thought they had a slight earthy, smoky flavor to them, that I couldn't quite pinpoint (maybe sage or file?), but was quite tasty.The cornbread was mighty fine too (IIRC, it was sweetened). Next time, I'll pass on the mac and cheese. I thought it was pretty bland -- tasted mostly of the starchy sauce, little of the cheese. The noodles were cooked to oblivion. But mac and cheese is such a subjective matter. I am sure there are many others who will love it.The greens were really delicious. Salt, fat, sweet, and spice were all represented in just the right ratio. I have not tried the desserts, so I cannot comment on them. I did note that they have red velvet cake, and several soda cakes. Yum!Atmosphere-wise, it is a comfortable little place that has live music and comedy on the weekends and evenings. The staff is super-friendly and even a little chatty.So stop by Lil Mama's and have some chicken!
4	There's just something funny about a white guy and his latin boyfriend noshing on soul food in the desert. But what's not funny is how dee lish the food is here at Lil Mama's. And how fun just to say lil. Perhaps the two t's and the e at the end put them over on their sign budget. But I like it. Lil Thomas likes it. The enormous serving of fried chicken was crisp and succulent. Yes, I said succulent. How many of you have used that word today? Side of red beans and rice were faboo. Five stars to the mac and cheese and collard greens. The smothered chops were not my fave and I would try another main dish. Perhaps the catfish? Huge tumblers of sweet tea to chase down this caloric feast hit the spot. The space is sparce with vintage looking African American art. I noticed a performace space near the front window. The ham in me wanted to jump up there and do the Steve Martin front porch dance from The Jerk.
2	I'm from the south.I found the menu choices to be limited.  The food is only okay.  The food is definitely overpriced.The Friday live music is nice though.
3	Just finished my lunch from Li'l Mama's- chicken and waffles. Stacy's and Lo-Lo's have nothing to fear. I liked the waffle, but Lo-Lo's is crispier and has a little something extra- cinnamon, maybe? I also liked the chicken- at first. It quickly became super heavy and greasy in a way that neither of the aforementioned restaurants prepares it, especially Stacy's. The restaurant is fairly small, with a stage at the back for live music on Fridays. I got quick and friendly service. The credit machine was down, so good thing I had some cash. I will probably be back once more to try the catfish and sides. There wasn't really an option for chicken and sides for their lunch specials. The sides usually make or break a soul food place for me, if their protein isn't stellar.
3	I went with a group of people whom had been here before and loved it I thought it was ok. We waited to be sat for a few minutes and the place was pretty empty so it started off just ok fro me. The server/owner sat us while she was talking on the phone which anywhere else would have been so not right, here it actually seemed ok! That being said the atmosphere was very laid back, like there was not a care in the world, and judging by the decore, and clutter in this place I have a feeling i am right on the money. The menu was ok, no greens? I like greens with my southern cookin. I must say the fried chicken was some of the best I have ever had. It was so crispy on the outside and moist and delicious on the inside. The waffle was good but had nothin on lolo's. The corn bread was a bit dry and the mac and cheese had good flavor but it was over cooked and mushy! I don't like the dirty taste of catfish but this was not bad, and the okra was okra. I would go back if someone else wanted to go! O the coke was flat!
4	my husband, our friend and myself ate at Lil Mama's yesterday and had a real pleasant experience. My husband and I both ordered the chicken and waffles and our friend got the rib plate. We all split an ordered of fried okra. The breading on the okra was great. Not too much breading, it was just right and seasoned well. The chicken and waffles plate really hit the spot. The chicken was yummy! The seasoning was so good. The waffle was decent. Not real crisp, but not too soggy. I found it to be just right.The sweet tea was great! It was prepared just how I like it. It wasn't overly sweet at all. I enjoyed the hot sauce that was on the table. I'm not sure if it's a home made sauce, but it had a good taste. The smell and taste weren't pungent like most hot sauces. It wasn't loaded with vinegar. The service was friendly and quick. I'll be living closer to the old 'hood soon, so I'll be able to enjoy the food at Lil Mama's more often.
1	Closed
