5	Very nice facility..... Erik is wonderful and really explains how Atlas can help me.  Very Happy!!
5	Great people great location and great product.  I highly recommend this place and these guys.  They are very knowledgable and willing to take the time to sit down with you and make sure that you understand everything.
5	Atlas Mens Health Institute is a wonderful place to fell energized and get that boost of health you need.
5	First time getting b12 shot . Super nice welcome from employees . It took no time to get the shot and was told about other things going on that I could look at over all just awsome
5	Highly recommend this place.  The staff is friendly, they take very good care to get you in and out, and their new location is easy to get to.  I have been going to Atlas (before they were Atlas) for several months, and I feel better than have in years.  Energy is way up, my gym recovery is best it had been in years....overall quality of life has improved greatly.
5	I've been getting B12 shots here for quite some time! From the first day, I was treated with such excellent customer service! Friendly staff! No waiting! Always accommodating! Office is so comfortable and relaxing. Highly recommend this place!  Best ever!
5	Very friendly staff.  I was in and out quickly which I greatly appreciate.  I like the B12 shots and will continue to get them.  I would recommend this place for sure!
5	I've been getting a b12 shots here for the last 2 months and I feel better than ever. The service is great shamika and elantra know be my name and whenever I get there its in and out. If you haven't done b12 shot before you'll feel amazing and this place is a great place to get them at!
5	Always greeted with a smile and prompt service!!  The ladies there are friendly and thorough with each and every visit. Best part, can walk-in whenever I can. Down part, limited days open...
5	I've been going there for about a year, mostly for b-12 shots.  The people are great, and very accommodating.   Never have to wait.   The new location is not as convenient, but I plan on continuing to go there.
