4	If you're looking for a hole in the wall where you can catch the game and grab some wings this is the place for you! The wings are great! The onion rings are amazing and some of the best I've ever had. They have a big screen tv where you can catch the game. I think this is one of Matthews hidden treasures. It's located right off 74 near butler high school in the little strip of shops across from bojangles. It's family owned so of course that always makes ya feel good.  Great place if you're looking for a quick bite, or looking to hang out for a while.
4	Picadeli's has been around as long as I can remember, and probably longer than I've been alive, but I've never visited until recently.  Since I grew up in the area, I guess my eyes have just always glossed over it.  However, last week I drop in for a take-out lunch, acting on a whim.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I can't comment on the service, since I carried out, but the food was delicious!  My BLT was perfect, with a generous portion of crisp bacon, fresh lettuce and tomato, and good bread.  The pasta salad was tasty as well: it's made with some sort of basil dressing, rather than the more common mayo.  Picadeli's was a delicious lunch at a reasonable price.  I will return, and soon.
2	It's ok. That's about it. Ok. Had fish & chips - think Groton's fish filet with pretty good fries. Hush puppies were way over doneI like my onion rings with a light batter - these were encased in a hard flour + corn meal batter. Decent beer selection, but I wouldn't go there for just the beer, need to have good food too.The sandwiches looked good and guys at the end of the bar had wings that looked decent. Probably won't go back
4	Given the suburban sprawl that has consumed Matthews as of late, I was surprised to discover a true "hole in the wall" establishment that has been around for decades and, aptly, residing in a strip mall off the highway, complete with adjoining sketchy alley.  You can tell Picadeli's has been around a while: the atmosphere is warm and dark with rich wood stained bars and has an unassuming welcoming like a family friend's kitchen. The staff are casual and kind and there is even a late 80s, early 90s arcade game tucked in the corner.The menu is an interesting mix of things, ranging from burgers and grilled cheese to fish and chips. The star here, though, are the deli sandwiches, where the meat and cheese are sliced when you order and are generously piled on. And we're talking traditional Chicago and New York sandwiches with an amazing potato salad as a side item option. You can also order meats and cheeses by the pound to take home, too.Killer food, cheap prices, and a local landmark of sorts make this a great lunch spot that I plan to visit again and often!
1	I ordered a to go order for lunch: a sandwich and salad. When I got there, my sandwich was being still being made/cooked. There is a little window where you can see the kitchen and the cooks preparing food. I witnessed the cook eating while he was cooking my food, this was hand to mouth, not washing hands in between eating. Then he takes that SAME HAND and touches my sandwich to move it to the to-go container. I couldn't believe I had just seen this happen. The manager (I assume) came over with my to-go order and asked if I was OK. I then let him know what I had seen. He first tried to give me some excuse that they're hungry in the morning and they're just opening up...LAME. I don't care if they're hungry, they need to eat BEFORE they come in for their shift. Mind you, I put my order in when they opened which was at 10:30AM. He then asked what he could do for me. I asked him if my sandwich could be remade, he said yes. He personally remade the sandwich himself. I then paid while he was finishing up my sandwich. No discount no nothing offered. He brought the newly made sandwich. He then said he understood my concern with the hand to mouth issue. He tried to assure me that they were clean, they had a clean kitchen...ect. I DON'T CARE, you just don't do that plus that's how diseases and illnesses are passed around. While he was telling me this I looked up and had seen the cook glaring at me through that little window.  Believe me, I will NOT be going back. Unfortunately, It looks like it might be a common practice because the cooked looked all too comfortable doing this, almost like he does it all the time.
4	Great Sandwiches and pub style food . This place reminds me of Cheers cause the staf is so friendly and they make you feel at home.
4	Great French dips and burgers. The calamari is also good. It is a little pricey for the family but worth it. The owner remembers us even though we only come every 6 months or so. This is definitely a favorite for my family.
4	Beer selection doesn't change much if at all here. They do keep Old Meck on tap though. The food is good and if you like a good corned beef sandwich then they have a really good one here. I order one with double meat and close my eye's and try really hard to remember that feeling I had when sitting and eating at Katz Deli in NYC.
4	As has been mentioned recently, there are not a lot of places around Charlotte that are not chains of some sort or another. Picadeli's is one such location that is most definitely not a chain. In fact, it is rather difficult to describe just what it is.Up front, it's a bit of a deli (you might have figured that part out). But I don't think I've ever seen anyone actually order meat to go, like you might at an actual deli - though they do have meat in cases, like you may see in a grocery store deli. I suppose you could, I've just never seen it done.Instead, you are generally seated along a somewhat narrow space and order from a menu. There are certainly a number of dishes made from that meat (or some meat, it could be that meat is just for show), and most of it is done fairly well.There isn't anything purely outstanding here, but you do have some excellent service - they may not know your name (or maybe I haven't been enough yet), but it is certainly a great place to pop in for a sandwich, catch a game and get a bite to eat that is most definitely not a chain.
1	Four stars??? Seriously???  This place deserves two stars AT BEST.  Someone from church recommended this place to us so we figured we couldn't go wrong.  Sorry to say we will not be back.  Food was greasy, tasteless and the joint was filthy (Menus and table not wiped down, area around the table on the floor not cleaned up), and what the heck are they thinking using a carpet in an establishment that serves fried food?   Do yourself a favor and invest in some tiles so you can really get the place looking decent and clean it up good at the end of the night.  Carpet was worn, dirty and should be replaced by something.  Sorry folks  definitely a thumbs down.
4	Good food, good people and good prices.Hey, this is a pub not Delmonico's . That said the sandwiches are very good, the beer is cold and the service is fast and friendly.For a good meal with the buddies this place is great.
1	I usually only write good reviews but this place doesn't deserve one at all. My husband and I went there for wings. Wish we hadn't. They are known for their "wings", I won't be eating them again anywhere for awhile because of how absolutely gross they were. When we got the wings, they were cold! We told our waitress who then said she would have the cook "drop them again", not remake them fresh! We got the new order which were dry and hot, full of dropping grease and absolutely disgusting.  Our bill was 25.00 without tip. We got wings, side salads, a water and a Pepsi! The waitress was pleasant but that's the only thing about the restaurant that was pleasant. I don't know how this place received any compliments or stars at all. It's sad you pay your hard earned money for nasty food. That's why I unfortunately don't try new places most of the time and this one is misleading by all of it's reviews.
2	This is not a deli.  I have been here twice.  The first time I got a pastrami or corn beef sandwich (I forget), it was alright.  This time I got chicken parm.  It was not chicken parm.  The chicken was not breaded.  Cardinal sin!  It also had some seasoning on it that made me think it was meant for another dish and they throw this same chicken on the parm  sandwiches.  The marinara was BLAND.  It is supposed to have mozzarella, the quantity of cheese was so small it was hard to tell if the cheese was mozz or not.  I don't think it was.  I ate half the sandwich, and then ate some left over italian sausage instead, that's how terrible and bland this sandwich was.  I won't be back.
3	My parents live near Picadeli's Pub and are always talking about it. I have finally made my way there. The rents love the wings here, but I went for the chicken salad sandwich- which took me forever, because all of the sandwiches on the menu sounded great. The sandwich was good, and I would go there again for it. I got the food to-go so I am not sure what the real service or atmosphere is like. But if you are looking for a good deli sandwich, it is worth checking out.
4	Several months ago my wife was transferred to Royal Park Nursing Home in Matthews. Right around the corner from us is a treasure named Picadeli's Pub. It is a family owned business run by George,  the ever present host and ambassador of good will. He is great with his customers and staff. Over the seven months that my wife and I have been getting take out from Picadeli's we have developed a great relationship. The food at Picadeli's is always fresh, made with love and care and makes us feel very good when we dine on their sumptuous delights. I cannot recommend the establishment enough and would encourage groups, couples and families to come and dine in or use carry-out at Picadeli's Pub. You will not be sorry and save time to chat with George he will always leave you with a smile and welcome you back in the near future!
3	This place is close to the CPCC campus in Matthews which makes it a convenient place to stop after class with friends. The food is good, typical bar food. They have fried pickles which are always a hit with me. I have had the veggie burger a few times which is also pretty good, slightly greasy but good. They have a local beer selection on draft which is nice, not many options but any is a big plus for me. The wait staff is great and very friendly. I always see a lot of people ordering take out from here as well which I would probably do every once in a while if I lived in the area but not something I would go out of my way for.
