4	I just tried this place at the behest of a young lady who was craving hot wings of all things (No, we're not expecting) and low and behold the wings were actually pretty damn good.If I recall correctly they have Mild, Medium, Hot, and Suicide. She chose the Mild while I chose the Suicide (No, we're not expecting, dammit!), yet here I am Yelping about this place, so obviously they weren't that hot...or "suicidal" I mean. But then again I was raised on spicy food, so keep that in mind. At any rate, the taste of the glaze was good...very good.They also had burgers, hot dogs, and other all-American greats on the menu. The price was cheap and the appearance and cleanliness of this establishment was on point.I will be going back; I suggest you give this joint a try. No, I don't mean it that way.
2	My husband and I were craving wings a few weeks ago and decided that this Long Wongs was the place to go.  Or, more likely that this was the only Long Wongs nearby and we were banking on the name of the establishment since other Long Wongs have some great food.  We walked in and immediately felt a bit icky by the dirty feel of the whole place.  We were so hungry that we went ahead and orderd two dozen wings from the girl at  the counter.  She appeared bored and unenthusiastic.  We found seats at a table and waited a LONG time for our order.  During this time of waiting, my eyes wandered around the dirty floor...the sticky table.....the drab furnishings.  We began to wonder if our order had been forgotten.  When we inquired about our food we were told that it would be ready soon and it was.  I think they made it when we asked.  The wings were just okay.  The whole experience was a let down and we will make sure to keep driving when we pass by this Long Wongs.
2	I used to live fairly close to this long wongs and frequently ordered food from there. I would always take the food to go as the inside of the restaurant left alot to be desired. My biggest concern was if the cleanliest of the seating area of the place, extended into the kitchen as well. The food was always good and was always what I expected but I never wanted to stay for long as the inside of the restaurant was always dirty.I would give the food a 4 and the restaurant a 1 if I could separate the rating system.
2	The wings are eh.... sometimes they taste good and sometimes they can be a bit of a let down. But its cheap. That is pretty much the only positive thing I can say about this place..yet I keep going back... The customer service sucks. One night, when it wasn't very busy at all they took a very long time to make the orders, I was with a few friends and we each did not order many wings yet for some reason the order took almost over 30 minutes. And the man, or should I say boy behind the counter was very unapologetic, even had the nerve to say I had to pay for an extra side of ranch when I asked for one. I work at a pizza place and if I know a customer has been waiting a long time for their order I would not charge them for extra ranch and I even offer them a free drink while they're waiting. I know Yelp frowns upon reviews about others experiences besides the yelp users but my friend also had a bad experience at this restaurant. She called about an hour before closing, which is enough time for them to make wings and her to come pick it up is it not? So she called, and the phone rang..and rang.....and rang until someone answered. The man answered very rudely and when she asked if they were still taking orders he responded "I answered the phone didn't I?" HORRIBLE customer service. I think management really needs to work on their employees customer service skills. Matter of fact the entire place needs a reboot because it looks very rundown and uninviting. Yet... upon occasion, I still eat there. Probably not worth it. But at least it will give me plenty more reviews to put on Yelp ;)
4	love the one that use to be on mill, such memories.
3	Best wings ever!! Love to order the family pack which is very affordable.NOT the most attractive place. it could definitely use a remodel or something . The only annoying thing is they dont accept credit/debit cards.GREAT food . They just need to keep up on the times.
2	The food was pretty good, but the service is horrible, and VERY VERY VERY VERY SLOW!!!!!!!
2	This place has changed ownership MANY times, been going thee for years until today.  Last two meals were bad, cold, soggy.  wings are small and sauces are not as hot as other places (suicide is franks red hot with cayenne in it...whoopeeee!).today I had to get a refund on the Hot Dog after 22 minutes, they said "the cheese takes extra time"  made me late for work.  the pita was cold and soggy and when I got home wife threw it in trash.  Too Bad, thsi used to be a great place for cheap, good food...maybe the next owner will mop the floor and improve food
3	I wish the wings were a little cheaper and they would have 5 stars. I got the hot and man I can handle my heat but I think since there was so much sauce I just had to take some off with a napkin. I did like the taste so next time I may go medium or light sauce. I wont go back anytime soon though, for 12 hotwings I can go to Fat Willys and pay less for same if not better taste.
2	Came in an hour before closing. Was told out of the burgers, sandwiches, hot dogs and wings the only thing they were serving is the wings cuz it was too close to closing. Also made it clear that they closed in an hour so we knew to be done by then! When the waitress brought our wings, since it was all we could order, she couldn't tell us which wings were which. Ridiculous!
2	Had the honey hot wings, it wasn't bad, just mediocre. My search for a mom and pop great hot wings. So far no one has come close to Buffalo Wild Wings, but they're a franchise :( anyone knows of great hot wings, please let me know?
3	As life has literally taken me in a different direction, I completely forgot about Long Wongs.  Forgotten until mentioned by my son. I called, ordered the Hot Bucket, and he made the "run."  Our wings were fresh and piping hot!  My son said they've remodeled - good for them!  The old place was dark and dingy - used to give me the "creeps."  Still cash only.
5	This is for the take out... It's always our go to place at least once when we come into town to visit grandma. Thinking that our palates had changed as we grew older .. Wrong! Either that or we were extremely hungry. Either way, the hot spice which we might guess might be Red's hot sauce smothered all over chicken wings still is delicious. Must have their ranch dressing to dip and fried zucchini to accompany the deliciousness. It's a quick go to meal. We always get one of each "heat". Can't go wrong!
5	Best wings in Arizona!! I always bring out of town family members and they LOVE it!!! We come straight from the airport to get these wings. Now that they accept credit cards it makes it so much better!!
2	Sorry guys, I just wasn't impressed with Long Wongs.Dude and I were feeling like wings one evening after bowling, so we decided to stop in here and get some to go and see what the big whoop was. We tried the Hot and Suicide flavors. The wing sauces were way too salty, vinegary, and the wings were pretty bare meat wise.  Meh, I've experienced better indeed sums it up.
4	Good Wings and Pretty Good Building too.
