5	Open Range offers some damn-good home cooking. My family eats here often and has never had a bad meal. Not to mention that the portions are huge. I usually order the cobb salad. From a typical deli, I'd normally expect iceberg lettuce, a handful of shaved carrots, some egg, and a little bit of bacon. But if that were the case, I wouldn't be ordering the salad again and again. The field greens and romaine lettuce are served with avocado (I'm pretty sure they use at least 1/2 an avocado for each salad), artichoke hearts, tomatoes, bacon (no bacon bits here!), radishes, blue cheese, egg, cucumbers  and I'm sure i'm forgetting something else, but it is GOOD. Sometimes, if I'm really hungry, I order it with a side of their twice baked casserole (twice baked potato in a cup, basically. It's unbelievable.) I'd also recommend the Arizona caviar (black bean salad) or southwest coleslaw.My dad loves their BBQ sandwiches (with choice of homemade barbecue sauce - each one better than the last), my mom usually orders one of their other great salads with a side of potato pancakes (better than grandma's), and grandpa loves whatever is on special. Even my picky-eater brother loves food at Open Range - and that's saying something!Bethany and Tom are the owners; Bethany does most of the kitchen cooking and Tom says that he's in charge of most of the barbecuein'. (He once gave my family a taste of some of their freshly smoked pecans and WHOA, they were GOOD.) The restaurant (as the name suggests) has a full service deli too, in case you need a pound of freshly sliced ham as well as a meal.In the past, the service has been slow, but it has improved dramatically over the past year. The restaurant has a killer view of the Superstition Mountains, and is within 10 - 20 minutes of countless hiking trails. To make this long review short: if you're looking for a tastes-like-home (or tastes-better-than-home) cooked meal and you're in the far east valley, make sure to stop in for lunch or dinner. You'll probably see my family and me chowing down too.
2	I really wanted to like this place. Becky had me so ready for a good experience.....Hubs is from Houston, and loves a good casual BBQ joint, and we'd been on the road for 2+ hours, so just getting out of the car to stretch our legs was a treat.We arrived at a fun looking place, with cow hides all over, and lone stars everywhere. The smell from the smoker told me it was a solid choice, and I was already patting myself on the back for leading my family here. Greeted by a man (Bruce) whom I assume is a relative of the owners....most likely the dad who was grumpy to have to work that day, and completely unfamiliar with the workings of this deli/restaurant.He greeted me brashly and told me that we could sit anywhere we want. We chose a quiet table in a room just off to the side of the main dining room, but in plain sight of the server. This evidently pissed him off to no end, because he said in a gruff voice "NO one ever sits HERE" and every other glass/cup/plate he brought out from them on was slammed on the table. He would then tend to another table, and he was as pleasant as pie, so I assume he just had it in for us because we didn't sit in the main dining room.There were only a few tables when we got there just before 1pm, and they were already out of the cowboy caviar....it was a busy Friday afternoon, and I could hear from the server's other conversations that they were gearing up for a big medieval festival, so I didn't understand how they could be out of their specialty side so quickly.....but, no matter.I really thought Bruce was going to have an aneurysm  when he took our order... I'm thinking Bruce should be out back tending to the smoker.... But,  I really wasn't offended, as much as amused by his "soup nazi" mentality.I ordered beer. Took 15 minutes to get it, but it WAS good....served in a tall jelly jar, and only $1 :) Made me happy.One ear of corn, which I ordered for my daughter was $3.... made me sad....especially since it was over cooked and soggy :(( Corn should never be soggy, unless it comes from the state fair, or from a can....If I had to order from there again, I would get the chopped instead of the sliced brisket....the veins of fat in the brisket were thick and had to be cut off before I could eat it. The chopped brisket, on the other hand, was cheaper in price, and yielded way more edible beef. The smoke flavor was not very strong, and the BBQ sauces seemed to be watered down.A family of four ate a lunch there and the meal with tip was over $60...that was with NO dessert, and only $4 worth of beer. It is in a remote area by a destination golf course, so it probably does well with the locals, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there again.
1	BAD. AWFUL. THE WORST.One of the worst dining experiences of my life that I keep trying to forget, but I just can't. And I have to share my experience so that some other well-meaning tourist does NOT give this place a try. In February, my man and I were visiting his family in the area. We drove to hike at the mountains, but ended up stopping for lunch instead. Our party of 5 arrived at 12:30 on a Sunday. When we asked if they were still open, the waiter replied, "I guess you'll be the last table". Umm, your hours say that you are open until 2pm on Sundays. In this economy, I don't think it's smart to turn business away, but maybe that's just me. This was the first sign of a problem and we should have walked out, but I try to be agreeable and go with the group. It was one awful thing after another: the waiter argued with our drink orders after we told him he brought the wrong thing, it took over 30 minutes to bring our chips & salsa for appetizers and the portions were insanely small. If chips and salsa cost money, you can at least give me more than 25 chips! An hour (yes, 1 hour) after ordering, the food came out 1 dish at a time. The veggie burger was just as ordered and bowl of soup was fine. The sandwich my boyfriend's nephew ordered was with the wrong meat and cheese. We heard a whole bunch of yelling with curse words and couldn't tell where it was coming from, but quickly realized that it was the cook in the kitchen. The cook seemed to be pissed off at what we ordered and didn't want to make it. My chicken sandwich came out next.  I cut it in half to discover that the CHICKEN WAS NOT FULLY COOKED. Seriously disgusting. My boyfriend's trio of "sliders" came out on 3 plates with the beef, pork and other meats partially charred (not in a good way) and the bread haphazardly thrown on top. I don't think it was supposed to be "build it yourself". We heard more yelling from the cook and then heard, "I'm f***ing done with this place" as the cook threw off their apron and stormed out. The waiter was clearly ashamed  and apologized for the cook. After some convincing, he reluctantly removed the chicken sandwich and sliders from our bill and we tried to leave as quickly as possible.Once again, I would like to say that I hate writing bad reviews.... But if I had read a review similar to mine, we would have never come to this horrible place to "piss off" the cook so much. Lesson learned!Note to the staff: It would be better to turn business away than give your patrons horrible service and be pissed off yourselves as well.
