4	My daughter described her food as "the taste of happiness."  I would mostly agree.  We haven't had the chance to try everything on the menu yet.
5	I was very surprised by the amount of good food you can get for that prize. Outside it may only look like a regular cafe, but inside I loved the classical background music. The staff was really nice and for about a bit less than 8 pounds I got chicken teriyaki. It came in a lovely box with rice, a very small salad of lettuce and tomato, and various random things like seaweed and soup. Everything tasted really good and I'm definitely coming back for more :)
2	I wasn't sure what to expect from Cafe Andamiro and after reading some of the reviews on yelp we decided to pop in. Previously my only expereinces of korean food were in a BBQ places where the menus were very different, so I was well up for something new. The decor is nice, but the place is a little crampt due to the space betwwen tables. The staff were great very attentive - showed us to our seat, explained the dishes and were always helpful / polite. We order a smothie, a chai and 2 bibimbap - one veggie and one beef. This is what didnt work for me. Neither of us liked the bibimbap, I am not sure what I was expecting but the dish tasted like tomatoe puree, raw veg and rice nothing else. The chilli paste condiment really didnt have any effecto the palette other than tomatoe. The other condiments were excellent which included Kimchi, miso and omlette. I finished my meal due to hunger from a massive walk around the festival, but was increasingly aware my missus wasnt enjoying her veggie option. Once we were outside it would seem that she got the beef one and I had the veggie. Although after not eating meat for so long all she could describe it as tasting like iron and that she felt a little unwell. She left most of it. This wasnt a bad meal persay, its just that my previous experiences of Korean food were so much better and were a similiar price. I will return to give them a second chance as some of the other options looked great going out and the reviews here point to somthing a little more special. I think  next time I wont be coming along with a veggie in tow.
