5	A business you can depend upon especially if you are out of state and you have a vacation home in Vegas.  Jimmy is the owner and he was very professional and true to his word in how he would paint the home and in a timely manner .  His was one of four that I had out to give me an estimate on the house.  He wasn't the most inexpensive but he was competitive and the one I felt most comfortable with he how he presented his company and their work. We selected the color and discussed how he would proceed with the work.  He arranged to scan and email me the contract and when the job was done sent me multiple pictures of the job completed.  I called him a couple of times and within a short period of time he returned my call.  Exactly what I needed to feel that he was responsible before the job was done.
5	After a year of living with contractor flat paint, it was time to get the house painted.  We weren't sure who to call about this type of job for our home but we wanted to get a few estimates and a feel for the various companies. Jimmy was the one who visited our home for the initial estimate.  He was so great and professional! He brought in color samples, business license, reviews and more!  There was a huge binder filled with all of the information we needed about CertaPro.  We obviously set up a date to have this done with them. I asked ahead of time how long it would take to paint.  They said 1 day maybe 2.  Fortunately it only took 1 to do our whole home! This included the walls and baseboards. Three painters arrived around 7:30am and were cleaned up and finished by 4:30.  Fantastic!  Another great thing about the company is they use Sherwin Williams Paint.  Their paint has no VOC.  What is that? ( I had to ask too)  There aren't any harmful and toxic chemicals in their paint.  This is great not only for our health but since we have a dog, he was safe too.  Even during the paint process, we didn't have that strong paint smell the entire time. For Vegas homes, the textured walls are always a pain to get every crevice. Luckily they use a sprayer vs. rollers.  Using the sprayer probably made it go much quicker and I think a more even coat.  I played a joke on one of the painters...  When he asked me how it looked, I answered 'OH MY... it's the wrong color!'   Luckily he had a great sense of humor and we both got a good laugh about it.  :-)  I'd highly recommend them to anyone.  They did a fantastic job and I'm happy!
5	Painted our 3K sqft house in 2.5 days with a professional crew. Could t be happier! I will be using them again to paint my exterior. These guys are the best!
