5	My wife and I had lunch here today and we were very impressed. The food was amazing and the staff was excellent. Prices were great, not overpriced at all. Would have ended up paying more for the same amount of food at one of the chain restaurants, and they quality wouldn't have come close to 271. We will definitely be returning soon. We enjoyed talking with Zeljko, the owner. He was very friendly and you could tell that he wanted to make sure we were having a great lunch in ever aspect. Can't wait to go back!
4	We went for dinner here and were pretty pleased with everything.  The place is very plain, not elaborate, and didn't look that great when we walked in, but we decided to give it a shot anyway.I had a chicken, shrimp & pasta dish and my s.o. had a pasta with sausage.  The pasta was the best either of us had ever had and we were told it was all hand made on site that day.  It came with garlic bread that was also made on site.....everything was delicious.I thought the prices were more than reasonable and felt that we got very good value.The white wine selections by the glass left a bit to be desired.....Pelee Island only, no Italian, no Californian.Service was friendly but a bit stretched, but overall no complaints.  We'll go back.
5	I went for dinner with a friend, and was extremely pleased with the restaurant! It is fairly small with a nice intimate feel though the decor is relatively normal, and the service is very friendly. I ordered the gnocchi - the waiter described to us that all pastas were made in house, and I found that the sauce was creamy but surprisingly light. I also ordered a flourless chocolate cake for dessert, and would highly recommend it! It melted in my mouth. Overall, I didn't find any negatives about the experience and would go again!
5	Went for lunch with a coworker. Very friendly owner who took the extra step. Gnocchi was very good. Food is made fresh and from local sources. Good food, friendly atmosphere, tea menu, what more could you ask for?
5	The single best Italian meal I have ever had. We were planning on going to a different restaurant up the street but we stopped to check out the menu in the window when the owner came out to talk to us. After a short conversation we were convinced. Everything is homemade and it shows in the quality. The atmosphere was cozy rather than trendy. My date and I both had the gnocchi the way it comes but the owner informed us that any item on the menu could be modified in almost anyway. An all around fantastic experience and A definite go to in Downtown Kitchener.
5	My boyfriend & I went here for dinner (based on the reviews) & we were not disappointed.  In fact it was more than we expected.  We are from the GTA & never been to Kitchener but we were in town for a concert.  It was winter time - snowing- & we took the cab.When we entered the place, there were no customers & I thought "oh man". The  place itself is intimate. I think i read it somewhere saying to change the interior but i like it the way it is.  The owner greeted us & showed us our table. He was very friendly & nice. He told us the chef's daily special (pasta - I forgot the name though). I decided to get it, my bf got steak.  While waiting, customers started coming.  The owner brought our orders & it was delicious.the only thing I have to complain about is the size. It was too much... I couldn't finish it.  I eat a lot & I mean A LOT - more than my bf + I'm Asian.  I think it's because it's pasta, that's why it's filling?Anyways we left & waited for the bus. We were talking about how we will come back here when we're in town again. We're waiting & waiting but no bus showed up! So we went back to the restaurant & asked the owner if he could give us the cab number.  He was too nice&called a cab for us.  10 mins passed & no sign of our cab. So he called again.  He's really awesome! He made our visit in Kitchener a good one & the fact that the concert was epic as well.  We'll definitely come back!!! Hopefully it's still the same owner!
5	Absolutely fantastic meals.  Everything was made and cooked to perfection.  Hope to see more places with this kind of quality in dt Kitchener.  In a league of its own. Great service,  customized orders to suite our preferences, looking forward to having another great meal.
