5	I'm a big fan of Sports Authority. I love getting the 20% off coupons through the mail and email! In addition to the coupons, there seems to always be sales on workout clothes. My husband and I love stocking up on Under Armour and Nike dry shirts. I like this location because it's new and even though it's stocked with the same stuff as other locations, this location looks brighter and cleaner than the rest. Employees here are also really nice and helpful.
5	This location is pretty new to North Phoenix.I love it..simply because it has the cleanest bathroom I've ever laid eyes upon.Seriously, super clean, and the nicest changing table ever. Did I say ever? EVER!!!
4	The staff here are friendly and readily available, they'll even stop what they're in the middle of doing to assist you. The selection is wide and varied. Youll find all the popular brands you're used it. A lot of items on discount.The thing that really pisses me off is how expensive the clothes are. Even with a discount you can spend up to $40 on a sports bra. That's just crazy to me. If you're savvy you can get out of that store in under $100, but it's tough. I spent almost $20 on one pair of socks!
5	Nice store great selection to choose from. Highly recommend coming here for shoes.
4	It's nice when you walk into a store and tell them what kind of shoe you are looking for based on your particulare needs.  This is what we did on this visit and the employee took us right to the shoes that would benifit us.  There was no trying to upsell us to a more exspensive style or brand of shoe.  The worst part was they didn't have the size and color my wife wanted.  The did check thier inventory, found they were listed at another store, called and had them put on hold.
5	Clean store. Pretty big, could have more dressing rooms though and they're hidden in the corner which is weird. Employees are always nice and helpful. Wish it had a bigger sale area.
3	never had a problem here before. Typical retail experience, sales floor employees to help you out, an acknowledgement as you enter the store, however this time was far from that. I was going in to return an item and was met with a 5 person long line for one cashier. the cashier was trying too keep up but just couldn't. so after about five to seven minutes of waiting he calls someone up. Another employee was stocking a shelf about 20 feet away and had been looking at the growing line multiple times before the call for backup and still didn't come up the call for an additional cashier. A few more minutes pass and he finally comes up. I was next in line at this time so I went to his register. he begins to process my return. I see him repeating the same process over and over again, when I am only returning one item. a few minutes have passed and he finally says something to me just a mumbled "just wait, its not working" no sorry for the hold up or anything. the other cashier tries to help, leaving his guest alone at the register, and tries to help to no avail. neither one of them appeared to know what they were doing. so they call the supervisor who takes his time coming up as well and he tells me next time this happens I have to "call the 800 number" and he would  "let it slide this time". with no explanation to the error when I asked what had happened. I understand problems happen, but the experience really disappointed in the way it was handled.
