4	My dog is very difficult and they do a very good job handling her.  It did take a few times before she got comfortable with them.  I am glad I found The Doggie Door.
5	I had a great experience.  Nice people.   My minnie poodle mix looked great and was happy when he came out!   Total bill: $43 + tip including cut, blow dry, ears,  toenails, anal glands and teeth.  Located in the Goodwill parking lot. This is my first dog, and my first experience with a groomer.  I called on a Saturday and had to make an appointment for the next Saturday, so they are busy.I asked the front desk guy where the price/package list was.  He said they didn't really have a 'list' so I told him what I needed and I wanted to know how much it would be.  He went in back and the groomer came out to take a look at him and talk to me.  She quoted me $38 and I asked how much for teeth, she added on $5.  They gave me a guide to determine how short I wanted him cut and asked me specifics on what type of cut (I said shave him, it's summer).  they asked about ears, tail, etc.I brought him in at 9 and they had me pick him up at 1.  I don't know a lot about grooming yet but they said depending on how he was under the blower he might need to be kennel dried.  When I came back at 1 they were finishing up his head.  I can imagine he might have been a tough client, given that he is still puppy-hyper and not yet accustomed to the spa treatment.  He was blow dried for sure; His former curly hair was completely straight and soft.  The shop is no frills.  No pretty sign out front and no decorating inside.  I think they could make more money with some product around or maybe charge more if there was a little more spa feeling when you walk in, but I will go back again for sure.  My poodle mix is 6 months old and this was his second cut.  (The first was done by a family member).  My poor puppy went in looking like a mess and I didn't recognize him when he came out!  He was soft, had a nice cut and smelled great, even his breath!
1	Took my dog here. It was the only place that doesn't require proof of shots. Pretty decent for my poor side. I can't cut my dogs nails cause they are black and I clip them too close and make him bleed every time I try. They gave him back to me and all seemed okay. Got him in the truck and he starts bleeding everywhere. Really I could have done that myself and save the gas and the cost of it. I won't be going back here. They get 1 star just because you don't need proof of shots to bring your animal there
2	When I first started taking my beautiful there, I loved it. Now not at all. I've had several negative encounters and tried to tackel them as best as possible. Although after countless occasions of them taking responsibility I am Done! They have no reguard for the pets safety and can't control a 'fidgety' pet after being in the business for years.
5	We moved to AZ from WA a few years ago, and were looking for a good groomer.  Our dog is somewhat timid so we had to find a groomer that was not only good at grooming, but also kind with her and gentle.  Doggie Door has been great and everyone that we have encountered has been wonderful.  The store itself is not fancy, but who needs fancy?  We need a good groomer that is kind and caring.  Their prices are fantastic and they truly listen to how you want your dog groomed.  Our dog actually LIKES going to Doggie Door!
5	the people are really friendly and prices are reasonable. My dog had a fox tail stuck in her paw, and they help me on the things i can try to fix it. this is a great place.
2	Have been going here for over a year or so but then things went wrong! Took my two small dogs in and when I picked them up they said one had gotten a cut on leg! Well it was deep and took a long time to heal! I decided to try again since could have been a fluke but no the othe dog came home with huge scab on her neck! Don't know if they got new groomers or what but never going back, my dogs are to small and too special to be put through this! Found a new groomer so hoping this one works out!
