4	I love the atmosphere of the outdoor dining patio. All summer long I have driven by this place which is literally down the street from me and though how nice it would be to eat on the patio, but summers in Vegas are hot and thought I would wait. Now it is too cold, but luckily earlier this month the weather was perfect and I had the chance to eat hear. I ordered a burrito and taco combination plate which came with rice and beans. My friends ordered tacos. The food is a little pricey for the quality although it is yummy food, but I have had just as yummy or better for a slightly lesser price. There is an indoor dining area, but this place is best for outdoor. All the food is cooked at the outdoor patio and there is a nice salsa bar. If you ever find your self in North Las Vegas, make this one of your stops.
5	Awesome breakfast place the best Mexican breakfast in twn
3	This place gets 3 stars and let me tell you why. The carnitas are bomb. com super delicous. You could go with carnita tacos, burritos, and just carnitas by them selves.The handmade tortillas are $2.50 each but they are def. worth it. The only thing that was bad about this place was the bathroom, and the fact that they dont keep mexican bolio in stock for their tortas. I was kind of dissapointed when the waiter came up and said "Can we make a torta with a regular piece of bread?" Well then It wouldn't be a torta. Right? Other than that the food is really good, I mean I almost inhaled it.My daughter also ate with me which is very suprising because she is hard to please.p.s they serve the burritos with homemade french fries. (so good)
3	I ready about this place and had great reviews. The items I wanted were sold out. It was hot and dirty inside. Food was so so but nothing to go crazy about.
4	If you are looking for authentic Mexican food, make the trip.  This place is not in the best part of town and is not showy in anyway (hence the four stars), but the food is AMAZING!
3	This place was great until they simplified their menu. Still authentic and pretty good, but I miss the platas.
