4	They do such a good job here.  I LOVE the pedicure.  Manicure is not bad either.  However, they are a little overpriced for gel/shellac.  But the regular pedicure is amazing....I love the sugar scrub and hot stones!   Most of the girls are friendly, sometimes when they speak Vietnamese between each other it can be a little rude.
5	It is still the BEST pedi in the East Valley. I  LOVE the hot stone part the best.   Also, AMAZING eye brow waxing here too.  Fast and shaped perfectly and it is only $10.
1	This place is ridiculous. "Signature" Nails & Spa? HA! What a joke. . The edges of my nails were not done, she only put one layer of polish on, and just painted my nails on "in general." The lady took no care whatsoever in my manicure. She left me to air dry my nails, when my sister called her back to make her re-do it. You would think that she would carefully fix her mistake, but she hurriedly painted my nails  so she could move on to her next customer. The edges were STILL missing polish. The male painting my sister's nails later told us that the lady was the owner. OWNER. You would think that the owner would put some pride in her work! And that's not all. After this whole fiasco, the male painting my sister's nails made the SAME EXACT mistake... And we were sitting right next to each other!!! Are you kidding me?  My sister told him and he didn't even notice. He informed us that the salon has been in business for 5 years now.... Pretty surprising to me. No tip for them. We will never go back to this place. One star? I give them zero stars.
2	I've been going for pedicures for several years and have enjoyed the experience. Yesterday I made an appointment for myself and two friends. Unfortunately this was not a good experience. One of my friends has very ticklish feet and does not like them tickled. She explained to the technician she was there because her two friends talked her into it. The technician found it funny and tickled her feet. It was not a relaxing experience for any of us since we knew our friend was suffering.
5	Got a pedicure and it was still really good.  The older women did not rush, she took her time.  I still love the hot stone leg massage!   I still think this is one of the best asian owned nail salons in South Chandler.
4	This is my second time here and everyone is very efficient and pleasant. It's not too busy during the week and they offer $20 pedicures Monday - Thursday. Perfect place to stop in for a quick mani-pedi. Chris did my pink/white acrylics and it's probably the best job I've ever had. He's very funny to talk with too. The prices are a few bucks less than other places around here. A steady flow of people came and went as I was here and they all seemed happy with their services. The girls aren't too but sometimes that's nice. Will definitely be coming back!
2	I cannot come here anymore as much as I would love to have a nail salon so close to my house, I will drive 10-15 min now for better quality and attention to detail. Also lacking cleanliness in some areas.
1	One star is still too many for this place. It was the worst gel manicure I have ever had. I went with a friend and they sat us at opposite sides of the room so we could not speak to each other and there was only one other customer in there getting a pedicure. First off she buffed my nails with the electric one like I was getting acrylics. She was in a rush the entire time like she was busy and she wasn't. It took a total of 15 minutes for a gel manicure which is not right at all. She filed my nails all different and not straight. Just terrible all around. It's been one week and it's already starting to come off. It's suppose to last 3 weeks if not longer. I will never go back and do not recommend to anyone
