5	Best kept secret around - Thursday nite - bar food - City Tavern SouthPark - 1/2 priced appetizers - also $10 petite filet - it was melt in your mouth delicious.  Very surprised with that price you also get yummy mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus.  Service was impeccable and ambiance was great - bartender even changed music to jazz to accommodate the "older folks" at the bar.  Same menu as Stonecrest location I think.  Interior is very classy - would imagine after the sun goes down it would be a very romantic place for dinner.  Will definitely make this a go-to place for the great service and delicious food.
3	We went here for brunch and it was...good - the service and food was satisfactory.    Eating/drinking on the outdoor patio is....odd..because you're kind of sitting in a parking lot - I think that's why so many restaurants that tried to open up there have failed - weird location; however, their giant  bar is great and would be great for drinks after work.  I hope they survive because we had a good experience very shortly after they opened.
2	Lunch here was horribly disappointing, but in no way inexpensive. The salad I ordered claimed apple and avocado, but the slivers were pathetic, very few and in no way fresh. I added scallops for an extra $6 and they gave me two about as big around as quarters. The taco strips were so stale they were chewy. To make matters worse, gnats were all over us the entire time. For this pathetic salad, two measly scallops and iced tea, my bill was over $19 before tip! We agreed this was our last visit there.
3	My daughter and I had dinner here this evening. I'm giving it 3 stars only because our server was so sweet and attentive. The food was definitely a 2, she had chicken fingers and fries, hot and crispy but nothing special. I had a house salad, completely ordinary, and the blackened seafood. The sea bass was really odd, like a big blob of fat. There were then 3 or 4 each small shrimp and scallops, very tasty with mashed potatoes but it really could have used some vegetables or something, for $23. It was a breeze to get in at 6:45 on a Saturday so that is a plus, I'd try it again in a pinch but that's about it.
5	Great place to go in SouthPark. Best restaurant at the mall. Excellent service, good food, fair prices, and good looking clientele.
3	This place is definitely hidden, even though it is directly next to South Park Mall. The ambiance is close to a finer restaurant even though the prices do not reflect the atmosphere. The BBQ nachos are exactly what a person is looking for; cheese, sour cream, BBQ sauce and chicken on each individual nacho. How much does it suck when you get a plate of nachos at your table only to realize that half of them are covered with the goodies. This place takes the extra effort to ensure full coverage. On Tuesdays, City Tavern offers half price martinis with their full list of about 12-14 different options. This is the perfect opportunity for afternoon shoppers to get a delicious alcoholic beverage without breaking their wallet. Furthermore, our waitress was both friendly and attentive. She even shared in a few laughs about the topic of conversation.The only negatives to our visit was the pricey New City Salad (extra $ for grilled chicken), which was crisp, delicious and had a unique dressing flavor, but was not big enough to cover the $14 charge.Overall I would recommend this restaurant for a well-priced drink and an appetizer for those South Park Shoppers.
1	If I could give this so called "restaurant" 0 stars. Tonight's the first time I have ever had to wait an hour and a half for food and our waiter had horrible service on top of that. I do NOT suggest anyone eat at this establishment.
3	Came here with colleagues for dinner.  Half of the party ordered martinis while the other half shared a bottle of pinot noir from the relatively simple wine list. Ordered a few appetizers which included lobster nachos, barbecue chicken chips, and calamari.  Perfect for sharing.Service:  overall friendly, but our server needed a little more polish.  One of our party had a special request inquiry and rather than continuing to finish taking the rest of the table's drink orders, stopped to answer the question.  This resulted in a nearly 10 minute delay in getting everyone served at the table.  Food Quality:  very good.  The salads as entrees topped with item of your choice were a hit.  They looked great, tasted fabulous, and were nice portion sizes.  A number of us ordered from the Steaks, Chops and More section.  I ordered the mixed grill with more than a little al dente asparagus, filet (grilled perfectly), grilled pork loin (really done well), and  lamb chops (which were far too underdone for medium rare). I sent back the lamb chops because they were too rare, and the resulting chops were perfect.Ambiance: good for groups or small tables.  Clean look with raised tables along the far wall.  On the back wall was a long bench on a raised platform.  The diners on the other side of the table sat in bar stools.  So if you're not paying attention, it is easy to forget to step down.
4	(my third visit) Food is good....a bit pricey, none is under $12 - FEW under $15, most are over $15. Even sandwiches ranges from $9 to $14 (I'll opt Red Robin over this). I've ordered seafood stuffed eggplant with lobster sauce on risotto. It's GOOD, but lacks a bit of "kick" - need spices. Overall, it's yum! Special nights - on drinks, appetizers - they're killers. You cannot beat their prices on those special nights. Have PLENTY of private space for private parties.
4	nice Thursday night crowd..acoustic set was AWESOME. not sure why the big radio station bus had to be parked right next to where we were sitting but aside from that the food was consistent (lobster nachos) compared to the location at StoneCrest and the waiter was on point.
3	I've drove past City Tavern many times on my way to the Container Store & the South Park mall, but finally made a point to stop and eat.  Oh, and I had a groupon to use.Nothing on the menu really jumped out at me.  It was a tough decision for what to get, and I ended up going all crazy and getting the wedge salad with buffalo chicken tenders with a side of mac and cheese (and I just realized I left my leftover mac and cheese sitting on the table in a box...ugh).  My boyfriend went with the lobster ravioli and because we had to spend $40, we also started with the Sea Bake appetizer.The appetizer was delicious, little pieces of scallop, lobster and shrimp all melty and delicious.  My salad was very heavy on the dressing, I actually think it was held in place by dressing so it wouldn't fall off the plate by accident. The mac and cheese was sold to me by the waitress, but little does she know, I'm a mac and cheese snob.  It was okay, it still doesn't measure up to the creamy gooeyness of the mac and cheese of the Black Sheep in Center City Philly... anyways... I'm a tad bit sad that I did leave most of the mac and cheese in a take out box on the table. My boyfriend's food looked good, they had a good amount of lobster raviolis but he commented that they weren't amazing.  He also had a side of sweet potato fries that came with an "interesting" sauce.We sat outside, but our table was wobbly and there was a good amount of broken glass on the ground. Not really what I was expecting from City Tavern.
1	The food was ok....not as good as it should've been for the price. The wait staff was horrible!! Took forever to get a drink and menu. They disappeared when it was time to place my order. I WILL NOT be back. It was not worth the price
2	I like the ambiance since it feels classy, but that's it. The food was.... just flat-out not good. I got their seafood cappellini and sadly it was cold. Definitely not fresh.My mom got their Filet mignon sandwich and that was just disastrous. The meat was tasteless and it was cold. Basically it was awful.The waiter was nice and professional but I think they need to hire a new cook or something since the business seems pretty good and it would be a waste if it run out of business due to the quality of foods.
3	I give the Tavern a 3, though it's a low 3.  The 3 that means I ate it and didn't die, but I won't be returning.  The entire experience made me keep looking in corners and on lapels for cameras to see if I was getting Punk'd.  Sadly, Asshole Kutcher did not pop out at the end of my meal, which leads me to believe this place is just a hot mess.  I do enjoy dining at the City Tavern and Stonecrest, but this seems to be a completely different experience. Formerly a Mexican joint, which was previously a Morton's, located on the Barclay Downs side of Southpark mall near McCormick and Schmick's and Dick's, the whole vibe seems forced.  Oddly placed potted plants, a bar area that spills over into the entry so you have to twirl around people to exit, a bathroom that had not been cleaned with anything other than a passing glance in quite some time, a hostess who seemed a little frazzled as she was getting chatted up by a waiter, only a few tables seated with a few hard working wait staff, but quite a few who just seemed to be milling about... it was just off in every way.But I had been shopping and I needed food, so... I waited for someone to come take my drink order after being seated.  And I waited.  And.... I waited.  Seated next to women who were old school in scent application (they were both bathed in opposing and equally offensive eau du toilettes), I was afraid the hunger and breathing through my mouth was going to cause me to pass out.  Finally, a young man who was working the large party room on the other side of the glass doors took pity on me and took my order.  He was friendly, and efficient.  The food:A summer salad consisting of strawberries and blueberries was offered.  Since it is December, I passed on that and ordered the shaved prime rib sandwich with fries.  The fries, of McDonald's width, were completely devoid of any kind of seasoning.  I never put salt on anything, ever, but had to liberally douse these with salt.  The shaved prime rib was tender, but had several fat pockets that were bleh.  At first I thought the meat was juicy, but I think it was just greasy. Covered in cheese, the meat was flavored okay, and the toasted bread was tender on the inside.  It was good enough, but nothing worth repeating.The young man that FINALLY waited on me was friendly and efficient, some of the others could take a lesson since the crowd seemed pretty sparse at 6:30 on a Tuesday and per table tips need to be high.  My drink was kept filled, condiments were brought, check was brought and picked up in a timely manner.  But the food was just *shrug.  I wasn't terribly impressed with anything and with all of the choices in the area, there is no reason to spend money on a mediocre experience.
1	The good- I had a groupon so I didn't have to pay full price for the bland dishes consumed by my daughter and neice. The bad- I ordered the blackened seafood. The sea bass was overcooked (rubbery). The scallops were undercooked (one under one over). The mashed potatoes were AWFUL, taste like boxed mashed potatoes with a few lumps to try to fool you into thinking they were homemade. Nothing like the ones in the picture. The ugly- our waiter smelled like she had been out drinking ALL night (it was 5 in the evening). D'angela (the chick that answered the phone) was not friendly at all. Groupon free meal or complimentary appetizer..nothing will get me back in the door.
3	Things started out a little slow.I was invited to City Tavern to participate in a fellow belly dancer's birthday hafla or party.  I was very impressed with the generous sized room that they had reserved for us.  However, nobody came to take our drink orders, so another dancer and I went to the bar.  The bartender apologized regarding the lack of service to our group.  We placed our wine order and waited.  And waited some more.  I could have probably grown my own grapes during that time span.  Even the ringing up of the beverages took longer than anticipated.Back in our reserved room, a server finally came to take our food orders.  The food itself was good.  I had the Brie, smoked Gouda and grape quesadillas.  They came with sour cream (yum) and raspberry jam, which I left untouched because I don't fancy sweet condiments with savory food.  The quesadillas were unique.  The flavors of the Brie, Gouda and grapes made a tongue shimmying combination for this belly dancer.  The other guests appeared to enjoy their selections as wellI was thrilled that we had plenty of room to dance; however, I noticed two wilting peace lililies badly in need of a drink.  The lack of attention to the plants mirrored the nonchalant service.  Care for your plants and your customers!Please note that although there was a lack of organization, the staff was friendly.  A gentleman asked how the evening was, and, really, it was nice.  Good food and a large space to perform!  Three stars this time, with a little belly dancer intuition that it will be even better upon our next return.
2	I used to love having lunch at City Tavern. I work in the mall and it has been so nice to enjoy something other than food court meals. However, the last few visits have been subpar. The girl who works lunches with the over bleached hair and night club makeup is far from a bartender. She has managed to ruin my order on multiple occasions and is too busy on her phone to even care. How hard is it to get the correct burger toppings? The worst part of it all is when I see the girl who used to wait on me at tables. I know I could just sit with her, but I feel bad taking up space for just me. Is it inproper to ask if she can wait on me at the bar?Someone needs to let these poeple know that she needs to be back behind the bar and maybe the other girl is better suited as a hostess? Hell, we could use her at Nordstroms!
2	I'll start from the top. I called for a reservation and the hostess said "the restaurant isn't even halfway full, so it doesn't really matter what time you come". Should have been a red flag.When we got there, it appeared that the hostess didn't know what to do with us....she stood holding menus staring into "not even half-full" dining room for a good couple of minutes. We ended up at a pretty nice table though and the waiter came over right away. However, the very little english he spoke was barely understood as he whispered his way though his introduction. The drink order ended up being 2 glasses of white wine, a glass of red wine and a beer. 15 minutes later, he came with 3 glasses of white wine. Um...We corrected him and he got us the right drinks and took our food orders. I ordered the pork chop and strongly emphasized my desire to have it very well done. All the while straining to hear his broken english. The food came, my pork was pink throughout. My fiance's steak was rare (he asked for medium) and his father's gravy was that out of a McCormick's dry seasoning package from the grocery store. I sent back the pork to have it cooked further and they, kindly enough, took it off the check because the waiter was clearly in the wrong. There was this "apple chutney" on the chop and anyone could've given me a side of canned apples with cinnamon flavoring and I wouldn't have been able to tell the difference. The mashed potatoes were cold and had questionable chucks in it, that I really don't think were just un-mashed potato and the asparagus tasted like dirt. They gave us a free appetizer coupon because of the trouble, which was also a nice gesture but to be completely honest, I don't know that we'll ever go back there. Maybe just to drink and as long the person waiting on us knows the difference between red and white wine. We'll wait til they start washing their veggies before we ever eat there again though....
1	I'm giving one star ONLY because the the waiter was friendly and efficient.  We were shopping at the mall and decided we wanted to sit down and have lunch.  I wanted California Pizza Kitchen but the family wanted "something different".  Boy did we get it.  The table was sticky and my shirt kept sticking to it...GROSS!  That should have been my first clue.  We ordered our food and I got the summer salad with grilled chicken, my oldest got a crispy chicken salad, my son got a burger, my youngest got mac n cheese....and my husband got some seafood pasta dish with a calamari starter.  The food arrived and was pretty enough but my husbands calamari lacked any remote calamari flavor.  In fact, I'm fairly certain it was just breading.  My husbands seafood pasta had only two pieces of seafood in it and a side order of mashed cauliflower that tasted like straight vinegar.  The waiter kindly took it off our bill but by this point we decided we would never be back.  Once we paid our bill and left, you would think the experience would be over.  Not quite.  My husband spent the evening suffering from a clear case of food poisoning.  Suffice it to say, we won't be back.  And I rarely post a review to yelp but this experience inspired me to share with (or rather warn) others about City Tavern.
1	I was again disappointed by this place, I had hoped for changes by now. Every time I have been here there have been issues, (no bartender in sight, no one acknowledged us till we leave, where to sit us, no advertised special as in the paper, no idea where our party was, wrong food brought for table)This was no different a night, it took 19 minutes to get service and another 15 to get our wine. We won't be back anytime soon, we were too scared to order food.
2	The restaurant looks nice enough.  The food, unfortunately is not good. The ahi tuna had been frozen and was very bland. The risotto was the AWFUL. I couldnt eat it.  We had a coupon for 50 bucks worth of food and it took them until after we ate to know if they were going to honor it or not.
1	I have been wanting to try City Tavern for a while now. I feel as if I should have tried them years ago. It almost seems as if the restaurant may be cutting corners. The food is subpar. Most of what I had was previously frozen. My egg roll was cold in the middle and the calamari was incredibly chewy. My "sushi grade" tuna was pink, not red. It was basically over priced bar fare.
3	Overall not as bad as some of the previous reviews. But of course I opted for the burger which I custonized to my taste. Not the most difficult item to make.....neither are fries. I did order TRUFFLE fries but my fries had NO truffle flavor in them at all. The bartended swore that she smelled truffles....well I use truffle oil ALL the time and I assured her that these fries had NO truffle in them.....I don't believe she knows what truffle oil is supposed to smell like. Nonetheless she didn't charge me for the truffle fries which was a PLUS!Nonetheless the fries were good. They were garlic herb. Burger was very good, and they got my CRISPY bacon order correct.....I HATE soggy bacon! Burger was medium well....I ordered medium but it was still good.Got their house Cabernet which was decent....it was a Mondavi Vendage...or so the Bartender said. Seemed better than a Vendage.....only $5.50 so not a bad deal at all.Note that I came at 330pm....an off time. So I sat at the bar. Can't say what their normal service is like. Bartender was cool and attentive.I will try City Tavern again. Good experience with a couple of miscues. But compared to VILLAGE Tavern. ...Village wins every time!
5	I've seen lots of reviews of places but I .like to see for myself. I found the food here to be excellent. I also like the new Belly Rewards program. Way cool. Will be back.
4	We went out Saturday night as part of our anniversary celebrations.  We've been to this city tavern a few times. But until now, never to critically assess the food. The turkey burger looked fine, but when tasting it, we had the impression that it was probably prepared from a frozen patty.  When you've eaten fresh ground turkey burgers, you can tell the difference. On the other hand, the Turk-buff-aloaf was wonderful.  At $15, this may be the best entree deal, not that this is in any way a slight to the fillet minion or seafood. Anyway, the portion was also delightfully generous, and there was plenty to put in the to go box.
2	I was trying to find somewhere in the Southpark area to meet someone to discuss business early in the evening so this seemed convenient.  I can't comment on the food because all we had were drinks, but I was completely throw off by their beer selection (or lack of).  For an establishment with "tavern" in their name, you might assume that would be a primary focus, but apparently not.  They had all the basic beers you would expect to find anywhere, but then had 4 or 5 other beers listed under "Craft Beers" .  We both tried to order something from the Craft Beer selection and were told they don't have them, or actually any of them anymore, they just haven't changed the menu.  So basically we were left just the basic run of the mill beer choices.  I find it hard to believe in Charlotte when there are several local breweries within 5 miles of this place they can't have any local or regional beers.  Even chain restaurants carry local beers now, so this is really unacceptable.  The server was pretty unapologetic about the menu being out of date, but I guess that's not really his fault.  I guess I'm just dumbfounded that a place in a prominent part of the city would have such a lousy selection.  Very weird.
1	Not sure what happened here. First off all,  the server ,who was very nice,  brought all the courses within minutes of each other.  That wasn't the the big disappointment of the evening. The food was bland and tasteless. I had the lemongrass seared scallops with risotto. Instead I got scallops swimming in this strange lavender colored sauce. I didn't taste lemongrass at all . My date's streak was tough.  He was hacking into it like an autopsy. The crab cakes were more cake than crab. Very disappointing. To top it off , I told the hostess, who didn't seem overly concerned, the ladies room had very little soap and no paper towels.  I wont be back.
1	I go to stone crest a lot and that they have closed I went to this one and the difference is so big.the bench was duct tapped and old ,the service is so unorganized and the orders all came wrong.I truly hope that the Managment of this restaurant change because city tavern is a great place with great food it's represented so badly.
1	1 of top 10, I think not! Disappointing lunch today. My guest had lobster ravioli served cold and quite honestly lacked flavor. I opted for vegetable panini with chicken. Panini was soggy and the cheese barely melted. Left 90% of it and went to McCormick and Schmick's next door to satisfy a craving.
1	Not worth one star. My boyfriend and I went in with another couple and had an awful experience. Our friends arrived ten minutes prior and still had not been greeted by anyone. It was another ten minutes before we were greeted and given menus. We were sitting in the bar at a high top table. Once we finally had drink orders taken we gave her the food order as well in hopes of speeding it up some. She forgot the order and came back almost 15 minutes later to ask what we had ordered so our food hadn't even been put in yet! Food finally comes out, and my boyfriends seafood Mac and cheese was similar to a can of beeferoni you would get at the store for a buck. My friends lobster nachos consisted of about ten chips with three small pieces of lobster. Hardly worth the $14. My seafood trio was over seasoned by a ton. It looked like a whole can of old bay was dumped on top. The bartender finally came to see how our food was about twenty minutes later when the whole table was finished eating and totally out of drinks. I don't like causing a scene and complain in a restaurant so we kept quiet, especially after a manager was standing at a table with what appeared to be employees getting drunk and yelling very loudly--this clearly would have been zero help to us as he did not seem to care that he was ruining our experience as he yelled over everyone right next to us. I can deal with sub par bar food, but the service was the worst I have experienced in a long time. Definitely not worth what we spent in there. We will never be back, don't waste your time.
1	Was served undercooked chicken when I complained they just gave me a coupon for 5 bucks, no manager on duty, supposedly general manager John will be back. Horrible experience, I took photos of the undercooked chicken, let's hope I don't get sick...
