4	Back in the day when I was 'straight' my wife and I used to frequent this place regularly. The thing is when we lived in Surprise there wasn't much else besides chains and even then I had a good sense to avoid them.  So now that she and I are apart and still the best of friends, when I visit we still go here. It has to be one of the most consistent places Ive been too. They are more of a Mexican seafood place but don't be fooled.. they make a great carne asada quesadilla and the queso fundido con chorizo with fresh home made flour tortillas... so yummy it makes my chest hurt thinking about it! Also have a 99 cent margarita and daily beer specials.. be sure to try the refrieds, they have to make them with full on lard cause they are good and full of flavor!Even though I'm a bit lighter in the loafers these days I still look upon the good times me and the Mrs had here.
4	As usual consistently delicious and super friendly. Had the queso fundido con chorizo.. just awesome! Melty goodness with bits of chorizo thrown on top.. the flour tortillas I think are made in the back because they are so tender and delicious.. also had the Swiss Enchiladas.. dynamite! Tender shredded beef laid into corn tortillas covered in green sauce and cheese.. yum! Also they make wonderful refried beans.. you cant go wrong.. real deal Mexican food here!
3	Had breakfast here with my hubby this morning ( we were going to red eagle but its closed on Sun) the place was big and clean and the service was attentive and friendly. I had the huevos rancheros and they were just OK , I also ordered some chicken rolled tacos with Guac and they were really good, husband had chorizo and eggs and he liked them. we had a bloody Mary with a corona chaser as it was after ten and the Mary was decent and the beer frosty cold and cheep less the three bucks. we live in Arrowhead so it's a bit of a drive but next time were in the area I'm sure we will stop for lunch they have a huge menu that looked really good.
4	The prices are little higher (still way cheaper than in Hawaii) than Zef's but the portions are HUGE! I had a fish burrito $4.75, rolled tacos $5.50 (YUM) and my MIL had the carnitas plate (enough for two) and my husband the al pastor burrito. Their menu is a lot more expansive as they are a full restaurant. They even have senior discounts too! I love the guacamole here, it's nice and chunky and they gave a lot on their rolled taco order. The location is kind of out of the way from my In-law's place but not far. Its kind of in a dusty shopping center. The restaurant itself was clean, but not the newest in decor. However, it seems they have a steady following of patrons as their staff is attentive and friendly. I'll come back here and sit down to eat and try something else, as I only did take out and did just quick food (burritos). My recap:Pros:-Huge portions for pretty inexpensive prices-Happy Hour and Senior discounts-Good foodCons:-Their take out is SLOW. Call in a head of time to avoid waiting 20 minutes or so. We should of done that, we just walked in and ordered and tho there wasn't a full house of people, I wondered why it took so long. Other folks just walked in and picked up...smart.
5	We love this place. We eat here probably 2-3 x month.  The chips are the absolute BEST, i cant explain it. Portions are big, food is awesome. Margaritas are pretty cheap, like $2.99 I think, and they DONT SKIMP on the tequila. Love this place.
1	I have lived in phoenix all my life and seeing as mexican food is one of the main dishes here it goes without saying that i have tried numerous places both good and bad. This unfortunately was a bad one, the flour tortillas and salsa were the best thing of the 2 dishes I tried. The beans though they were creamy and smooth seriously lacked flavor of any kind the rice was also just as bland as disappointing. The chips they serve when you first sit down are ok, but they only serve 1 basket free where 99% of other places will serve you as many as want. this isn't a huge deal but it adds to the experience. All in all it was not the worst mexican food ever it just didnt meet the standard that has been set by the south phoneix classics which are Carolina's, Poncho's, and Rito's.
4	One of those "hole in the wall" places you will drive right by if you don't know whats inside. No, the food isn't to die for, but its very good, especially the tortas (flat bread sandwich), and these are HUGE sandwiches for the price. All the portions are large, and prices are extraordinary. They have football (NFL) games on during the season, and have a nice, again inexpensive, happy hour. So it was always nice to stop in for a couple margaritas and eat chips n' salsa while we watched the games. The salsa isn't great, but they provide a green and red in separate containers which is nice. And the tortillas are not the best either, I don't know why they don't purchase from the tortilla factory right down the road, those are awesome! Service is friendly, they always fill our glasses up without us noticing, but can sometimes be slow if its busy.
3	Not bad! Very friendly staff. Good prices and generous portions. No, it is not the best Mexican food I've ever had, but it is good enough to go back twice a month. I usually get one of 3 items, Chicken Torta, Chicken Burrito Enchilada Style or the Fish Burrito. My wife usually gets Caldo, 3 Rolled Taquitos or Chile Rellenos. I can honestly tell you I seldom finish everything on my plate and I never leave hungry!
1	Yuck! How do you call yourself a mariscos restaurant and not sell fish? Also they have this picture of a big refreshing margarita and it says $.99 happy hour but when you go to order it its as big as a shot glass with ice filled to the rim and it actually costs $2.99! It's the worst Mariscos restaurant I have ever been to! Please don't waste your money!
2	It's one of those places that can either be amazing or "Meh. I've experienced better" They didn't understand that I didn't want corn in my rice (no big deal) the chips were hard and dry like they were from Costco (you could still eat them, and we did) the food was "ok" and inexpensive. Service was adequate.
5	Love this place, eat here a least once a week.  Have brought many of our friends and neighbors, they also love Las Cazuelas, food is great, the margaritas are fabulous and if you tell them on the rocks light ice they do it, also senior discount of 10%, service can be slow at times because they are usually packed.  I don't understand the negative reviews from some of the other comments.  I give it 5 stars.  One of our favorites and we eat out a lot.
1	Yet again they let us down and now we remember why... We knew we had not been back in awhile. While we love the cerviche, (we get the one with the abalone/oysters/octopus/shrimp/clams) YUM! ut all we like... The rice is yuck with corn and carrots in it, beans are not much better, chips,, blah... nothing special... but after ordering a margarita special... Serious??? Thats a margarita?? Pretty watered down and flavorless...(it was not the .99 cent special ) When I spoke to the waitress she could have cared less... We shared THE ONE sppon that came with our cerviche for over 5 minutes till we were able to wave down someone for anotehr spoon... Sorry to put the waitstaff out.. next time I simply will not bother coming...
5	We've been going to Las Cazuelas for about 8 years now. The children's menu is only $2.95 per plate, and that includes a drink too! They have 99 cent margaritas on Tuesdays & Thursdays! Fantastic service! Just love it here!
4	Decided to try this restaurant for lunch one day. Read the other reviews and like all other restaurants some good ones and some bad. Took the leap anyways. Glad we did because it wasn't bad at all. My husband had the carne asada quesadilla and he enjoyed it. I had the ceviche tostada and it was very good. The guacamole was a little bland but other than that everything was good. Our server was very good also. We will definitely try this place again so don't count it out in Surprise if you are tired of Macayos.
4	Why the hate? I see a lot of bad reviews on here and do not understand why. The place is no 5 star eatery by any means. But its good mexican food if in the area, again not great like some old fashion joints make it but it's at least a few steps above Filiberto's. Staff is friendly, place is never too packed. I reccomend the carne asda burrito with cheese sour cream and hot sauce only. Even the bean and cheese burrito is pretty good with a large chicken taco. Give this place a chance but don't go in expecting to be blown away.
3	Finally decided to try this place, food is pretty decent but the prices are a little high for what it is. I would eat here again because it is close to my work and is convenient to stop in for lunch. The tables are really close together and the place could use a little clean up. Not exactly the place I would like to sit down at and eat with my family.
5	Very good food!! A nice, clean and very friendly place. Prices are reasonable for authentic Mexican food. We have eaten there many times and always look forward to going back.
2	The food is by far the best ever, however if is illegal to fry your food in one fryer for cross contamination purposes. I have a fish intolerance and could not eat the shell for the taco salad because it is fried in the same oil. Then, not thinking, I ordered fried ice cream. After two bites we remembered what they said about the shell and I had to stop eating that. The side effect is, I did get sick. But I shouldn't have ordered the ice cream. But they shouldn't be doing that. But best Mexican food ever.
