4	Such a cute store, with a really great vibe.  Last I knew it was a free trade shop and I'm fairly certain that that hasn't changed.
4	I stop by Ten Thousand Villages when I'm hunting for unique presents for friends.  All of the items are produced in impoverished areas of the world, where the craftspeople are offered a fair wage for the products they make.  While I can't argue with the virtue in this endeavor, the prices here are often pretty steep, certainly beyond my modest student budget much of the time.Most of the items are handmade crafts or decorations: carved figures, picture frames, and tapestries.  They also have a small table of fair-trade coffees and chocolates.  When I'm shopping for a female friend, I like to browse their wall of women's accessories (earrings, necklaces, and scarves), which are priced reasonably given the quality of the items (usually $30 or under for most pieces).  For the holidays, they offer lots of themed items, like painted tree ornaments and manger dioramas.  Although much of their holiday merchandise carries Christian motifs, the staff have been very considerate and helpful in suggesting more Hanukkah-ish gifts for my Jewish friends.The best part about buying a gift here (especially during the holidays) is that your item will usually be wrapped in tissue and boxed for you.  Some of the items include special informational cards that provide background on the gift you've just purchased or the group of people who crafted it.  When your friends receive their gifts, they'll know that it was fairly traded for the benefit of needy people from another country.
4	I only get to come here about once a year when I happen to be in Champaign visiting my daughters who over the years have gone to school or lived in the CU area.  It is a cute little store with very unique items.  With the infrequency of my visits, the stock changes quite a bit.  Over the years I have collected good looking table items and found exotic gifts for people.  Yesterday I bought two stupendous greeting cards just because I liked them.All of this would be enough but the business model is fair trade items to benefit areas and peoples of the world which traditionally are not paid a fair wage for their labor.  As a result the prices are fairly high.  I like the idea of paying people a wage they deserve and getting quality, hand crafted merchandise that are more one of a kind.Cool stuff and helping the world be a cooler place, two thumbs up!
4	Cute store...love browsing, great place to pick up unique gifts for friends. Worth a stop in.
4	I really kind of liked this little store. If you are needing a unique gift or just want something new for yourself, give this a try. Nicely organized. Didn't feel too cramped like some stores. Big selection. :)
