4	As a displaced west-coaster, I appreciate a store like this in Pittsburgh. I like the bulk goods and spices because you can take as much as you need, you get the spices whole and they put them in big jars so you can sniff them if you want before you buy (the downside to that is that every time the jars get opened the spices probably lose some oils), and there's a huge selection. This place has my quinoa, pearled barley, spelt flour, and nutritional yeast. Some of the vegetables pop out at me and I'm tempted to buy a lemon or some really ripe piece of fruit. Usually I don't though. During the summer they were selling fresh herbs in pots. That was really tempting. Once they sold kittens. That was amazing. It doesn't hurt that its right by the climbing wall, fencing, gymnastics, and bike shop.
5	The East End Food Co-op has just about everything you would expect to find in a food co-op, except for--sadly--a great selection of local beers.  This tragic fault does not rest with the co-op, of course, but with the state of Pennsylvania.  But you probably don't care because you know where all of these elusive "beer distributors" are located.So, to get back on track, I like the local produce focus here, and some of the cheeses appeared to be local, as well.  Nice staff, decent prices, good little salad bar.  I love co-ops, and if you do, too, then you will love the East End Food Co-op.
5	On our way back from DC to Chicago yesterday, we stopped off here since my friend swore by it. One of the best co-ops I have ever been to. They have such a huge selection of products. If you are looking for vegan cheese, this place has a humongous selection including Sheese, which my bud says is really hard to find. They carry my beloved Temptations soy ice cream even in chocolate chip cookie dough. Nummers! I grabbed delicious produce, a spinach and feta & olives-zaatar pie made by Najat's Cuisine, a STILL WARM ginger cookie made there, a raspberry ginger beer, and I'm sure I am forgetting something. I would come here all the time if I lived in Pittsburgh. Their hot food looked good, but I wanted something to grab and go.Funny thing, in the time that we were there, three people commented that they really liked my tattoos. Then the cashier said he liked my Obama button. I love this place!
3	This is a good co-op for Pittsburgh, stocking up on local items and friendly staff. However, I was surprised at the teeny tiny amount of fresh food. My normal experience with co-ops includes massive amounts of produce, dairy, baked goods, and meats. Not here though; instead it's like a co-op in miniature. Even the mozzarella I was looking for came only in tiny olive-sized balls. Don't get me wrong - I fully support the existence of a co-op, especially in an area like the East End, but to be honest, I think a trip to the Strip District would be much more productive shopping-wise.
5	The East End Food Co-op has become my favorite place to get groceries. I've recently changed to eating vegan and this place has everything I need. The bulk food section is awesome from all types of organic flour to organic candy, granola, rice, pasta, teas, coffee, even bulk tamari. You can bring your own container and fill it up. If not, bags and containers are available. All different types of vegan (as well as some non-vegan) canned goods, soymilks, vegan cheeses, and meat substitutes are available. There is so much crammed into the place sometimes its hard to find what you need, but staff is very friendly and are always there to help. It doesn't have the glitz and glam of Whole Foods but the prices are a little better. If you become a member, once a month you can purchase items at a pretty good discount.
4	This is a good co-op, with a generous selection for it's smallish size. Prices are better here than in some co-ops I've shopped at. Competitive with the big boxes, as far as I can tell. I have tried some hot-bar/cafe items and quite liked them. The java jolt smoothie is amazing, as is the lemon pepper tofu sandwich!If you can judge a town by its co-op, which I am prone to do, Pittsburgh proves to be a decent place to be a conscientious vegetarian shopper.
5	There is nothing like this in chicago!  (that I know of).....I hope I get to stay in Pittsburgh long enough just to take advantage of this co-op.  I love the bulk section, especially since I can choose the quantity of what I want to buy.  Super convenient for travelers.  You can buy pasta, granolla, flour, quinoa, cous cous, cane sugar, spices, YERBA MATE!!!, dried fruit, nuts, olive oil, peanut & almond butter, soap.....man, I could go on & on.  You can buy all of that stuff & choose how much you want of it.  I was suprised that they had cacao powder, for such a small place.  They have a nice little section of tofu, tempeh, & seitan next to a bunch of vegan cheese that looked really good.  They also have a juice bar & vegetarian "cafe."  I don't think I'd call it a cafe, more like buffet.  I wasn't all that impressed with the food they had cooked, but I'm not going to penalize them for that.  For such a small place it's pretty amazing what they already have going on there.  I really want to try something from their juice bar too!!  There must be someone dj'ing the music in the store because I heard some great music that you wouldn't hear on the radio.  Everyone was very curteous and nice.  I should try to make friends with these people since I'm new in town.
4	Kind of small, but I've had excellent luck with produce here: fresh and organic. In-store coffee bar is a nice plus.
4	Spices, spices, spices! Best deal in town when you run out of something and don't want to pay $7 for another bottle of parsley at Giant Eagle. I also appreciate the affordable selection of local milk products, eggs, bread (Allegro Hearth, yum!) , and honey. One gripe - salad mix, it's 4.99 a bag! You can get the same salad mix at TJ's for 1.99, 2.99 if you want organic. And currently most of the produce is shipped from other states/countries. I don't know if that will change as summer rolls but more local would be great.
5	I don't know how I would survive without this place.As a transplant from Arcata, Ca...I need my weird hippy sh*t man. And I prefer to stay away from giant corporations like whole foods as much as possible.I always go here to buy local honey and get goat's milk soap.And they have a great selection of pre-made food (I love the tabouli and hummus wrap and the greek salad sandwich) and the salad bar is awesome.It's true that it's tiny, but as someone who comes from a place that's crawling with stores like this...I feel lucky that Pittsburgh has one at all. I mean, people ask me, "Where did you get that?" and I say the East End Co-op, and then they just stare at me blankly. They have no idea what in the frak I'm talking about. "The what?...where is that?"There are bigger places like Right by Nature, but it's just not the same.The Co-op feels like home.
4	The bulk sections are amazing!!! spices, grains, oils, nut butters, pastas, the list goes on & on. If you or someone you know is on a special diet, this is place to go. They have a great selection of produce, GFCF items, vegan/vegetarian, and a good meat selection for that carnivore close to your heart (all the meat is hormone free and the animals fed vegetarian diets), the hot bar/salad bar (of course you pay by the pound so it can get pricey as everything looks so delicious) and prepackaged sides & sandwiches make for a fantastic lunch or quick dinner. I go there 5 days a week for the soup alone.
4	A great little place. I love their produce, fruits, meats and spices. They carry alot of very hard to find skin care products that I love. They were even the first place in Pittsburgh that carried Carol's Daughter products. They also carry pre made salads, sandwiches and wraps. Sure it's not as big as I would like but it's still a great place. If you like Whole Foods and Trader Joe's you will like this place as well.
5	Stopped by here on my drive across country to stock up on some tasty, healthy snacks. Nice selection of bulk foods. If I lived in Pittsburgh, this is where I would shop all the time.
4	I love this place. They make the best smoothies. My only complaint is that you can find pretty much everything here less somewhere else. It is pretty expensive.
4	This place has steadily improved over the years, and never fails to make me happy.  It's stocked with every variety of weird hippie food.  It's also stocked with the best produce anywhere in the city in the winter months when Giant Eagle's selection looks beat up.  The prepared foods case in the back is deliciously weird.  And it's locally owned/operated, so you're not exactly sending your hard earned money to Whole Food's CEO.The membership is lifetime, apparently, which the employees always kind of failed to express; I thought you had to pay for it yearly, and the difference is pretty big.   That said, I live far enough away that getting here regularly still doesn't justify the membership.
4	Lots of great vegan, local, organic, gluten-free, and/or raw food, though some items are quite pricey. Very good rotating-item hot bar for take-out lunch or dinner. Great bulk food selection, including diverse reusable glassware of known tare weight. Fresh fruits and vegetables are right-priced, but processed items like meats, cheeses, and frozen items can be surprisingly expensive. Fairly comprehensive selection, akin to a Whole Foods.
3	This is sort of a niche place for me. It's a bit too expensive for the average person, I think (and yes i understand that it's a co-op, etc. but it doesn't change that it's probably middle to upper class prices by comparison), but it does offer some deals. It's the best place to buy spices because they're sold in bulk, and if you want to try something new or only need a little for a recipe, you don't have to buy a whole bottle. There is an entire aisle of spices, spice blends and dried herbs, so there is a lot to choose from. It's also great to buy a little at a time because you can make sure your spices are always fresh. Same goes for the bulk food bins, though probably half of them are the 9,000 flavors of granola they stock.The salad bar has great variety. The hot food bar, not so much. It runs out quickly, and it's too easy to run up a high tab if the good stuff is weighty. I'm not a fan of most of the packaged fresh food in the deli case. The stuffed grape leaves are not good, and a lot of the other things seem sort of bland to me.There's an extensive vitamins and supplements section, with pretty much any herbal supplement you'd want. The produce section is expensive, but almost always very fresh.
4	Just moved here from Baltimore and ran across this place.  Love it!  Watch yourself at the hot bar.  There's no scale (should be).  Your mea l(of veggies, tofu and kale) could end up costing $20 easily.  I usually grab a hot meal and play on my computer 1-2 hours.  Love the carrott juice with ginger YUM!  A small is $4.30 ouch!  Just found out they won't charge you for bags if you bring your own....COOL!
2	Ooooppss...update time.   Got the regular (steamed spinach and lasagna) from the hot bar on my way to work.   So, I'm on my dinner break sitting, chatting it up with a co worker while eating.  I see something white in the spinach just before putting it in my mouth.  WTF is that!  OMG, it looks like one of those fat ass worms we'd  pluck from the greens in my grandma's garden.  I threw the fork down and my co worker says..." you're seeing stuff."  Um NOT!  I sat there digging through the spinach determined to find that damn worm.  Thirty minutes later  SHAZAM...found it. Ugh, my coworker spread open the spinach leaf.  EEEkkkk, it was bigger and fatter with black spikes poking out.  FUCK!  Call the manager at Co-op and he says..."Bring it in for a refund, thanks for being so nice about it...We usually just see worms in the fruits."  Geez, thanks for that lil tidbit.    This happened last week around the Sept 14, 2010.  Guess that means it's really organic, huh?
5	this is one of the best health food stores i've ever shopped at. the prices overall are pretty good in terms of the size and type of the store. plus there are regularly sales which help make the prices easier to swallow. the bulk and pre-made food sections are really wonderful, and there is always a good selection of local produce. the staff is knowledgeable and very friendly and they give a 10cent coupon for bringing your own bags.
4	I really love this little place. The hot bar is almost always completely wonderful. I especially love the breakfast/brunch on weekends, it's one of my favorite meals. The potatoes and garbanzo bean patties are amazing.The prices are pretty much in line with any smaller heath and local food oriented grocer. I can usually count on them to have specific items that Whole Foods is sold out of and sometimes at a better price. Plus, the Co-op hot bar is a million times better than the Whole Foods hot bar - quality over quantity all the way.Short lines, great staff, good for Pittsburgh.
4	It's disappointing that you got lukewarm service, Erina.  I've had pretty consistently good vibes (har har--get it?--hippie reference) there from the staff, who've been enthusiastic about helping me find what I need.  Hands down, this place beats Whole Foods for price and general atmosphere, and their salad and hot bar is my go-to when I don't feel like cooking.  Absolutely GREAT bulk section with a wide variety of grains, legumes, and pastas.  Killer cookies and baked goods.  On the other hand--if I lived on my own, I could do all my shopping here.  But, since I don't--I can't.  It's tough to stock a household kitchen solely from the EEFC--I mean, I can't really afford to regularly buy $15 laundry detergent.  Realistically, the Co-op can't serve most of us for one-stop shopping.  But it's worth it to put down a few extra pennies for potatoes or juice to support a genuinely community-oriented business.
5	In need of healthy goodness today! Parked right out front. There were a decent amount of patrons but nothing that would make me growl at the person standing in front of the Thai coconut soup I so desperately wanted. First thing I did was order a wheat grass shot and my favorite juice bar drink...Dante's Inferno! It is a bright red drink that contains organic beets, carrot, celery, ginger, and garlic. I never get it with garlic even though you should. I can't handle that much garlic in a drink. I'm a wuss. Hot foods was bumpin' but I was still able to stroll around and decide on what Indian Kitchen cookery would go in the belly for dinner. A little tofu surprise, chickpea curry, steamed kale, steamed veggies with big slices of zucchini, and a few red lentil scoops. Everything looked fresh and delicious. After grabbing 2 soups and my dinner I downed my sweet wheat grass shot and was ready to get home. At the register they forgot to ring up the shot but I had to let them know. All smiles as I left. Don't forget to tip the juice bar peeps.
5	The husband and I get so excited each week for grocery shopping because of the co-op. I love it so much.We need this place in our lives. It gives us hope and makes us feel like we belong. I have never, in my entire life, eaten better broccoli. I sometimes obsess about this broccoli and go through withdraws when we run out. The beet hummus is to die for and the wraps are incredible. I also like the beauty section and natural makeup and night creams. Yes, some stuff can be pricer that Trader Joes's, like the Amy's frozen pizzas, but it is so worth it becasue you know that the extra $ is going towards a good cause.  We got a membership last year and rarely go anywhere else.  And our dog attacks his bowl when we feed him his food. He won't even go near anything else, which we sometimes have to resort to when he runs out.
4	I'm so glad we have the Food Co-Op in Pittsburgh. Although still fairly expensive, it's less than Whole Foods, and I don't do all my shopping here, just the things I have a hard time finding elsewhere. The bulk selection is one of the best I've ever seen, and I truly appreciate the salad bar on busy days. Their choices are more on the crunchy/hippie side than the high-end gourmet side of things, and it's nice to shop for vegetables without having to turn something down because it's not organic...most of the produce is. The staff is helpful and friendly, and, if someone doesn't know an answer to a question, which can happen with a volunteer, he or she will find out for you. On member 10% discount days it can get very busy, so go early or late.
4	My first trip to the east end food co op was sort of a disappointment,  I guess I heard so much about it that I sort of made it bigger (in my mind) than it was.First, it's not bad, for what it is. I like trader Joe's better, I like whole foods better, but this place had stuff I use that the other don't.Nice produce section, items seemed fresh, and plentiful. Mostly organic, and I do like how they label things "local" so that we can help our local farmers, and growers. Great juice bar, salad bar, and hot lunch items. Everything looked appetizing.Great spice and herb section, I bought some freshly ground ginger and some wonderful sweet and smoked paprikas. Good vegan section, tofurkey brands and lightlife products. Good dairy section too, their prices for soy milk is a bit outrageous.That said, the east end food co op is a good place to shop for the pantry.
5	I just found this place a month back and I'm kind of blown away by how awesome it is. Fresh produce, awesome prepared salads and dips, bulk everything, natural cleaners, and plenty of hippie garbage you can't help but fill your shelves with. The best part is that they try to stock up with locally sourced produce, milk, and meat. And you can get a good discount if you purchase stock in the co-op.
5	You gotta love co-ops. Especially this one! It embraces its east end neighborhood, makes amazing products available to the community, and in general feels like it cares, which is the only acceptable vibe for anything calling itself a cooperative! I mostly go here for the juices, honestly, but I'll tell you why: EEFC is literally the only place in Pittsburgh proper to get your hands on some straight, non-pastuerized juicer juice. Why is this not a thing here?! Even the Whole Foods is lacking a juice bar!! Seems juice is the new Pittsburgh Mexican food. Sheesh!
4	I'm definitely a fan of East End Food Co-op.  Their produce is always very fresh and of really high quality-it keeps really well once you get it home too, and while prices are slightly higher than an average grocery store, it's definitely worth it.  My favorite part of the Co-op is the bulk section-- it's a great way to buy items in the exact quanities you need rather than ending up with way more than you want!  The same goes for the spices--such a bargain!  The Juice bar has great smoothies and juices--they're a little pricier than I'm used to, but great for a bit of a splurge!
5	This is a great stop for fresh everything! I crave their juice on a regular basis. Shot of kale, YES! The salad bar and hot foods bar are also great, hot foods change on a regular basis but always have vegan/veg options. Aside from a quick dinner/grocery shopping location, we tried their weekend brunch. My bf loved everything, and the prices were great for a full plate of food. I, myself devoured some vegan pumpkin bread and a delicious fair-trade coffee. I also love their to-go foods selection, full of vegan-friendly wraps, salads and more - great for picnics! The staff is very friendly and it's obvious they like their jobs. The bulk foods and produce sections are also impressive! I wish it was closer, but it's worth the commute!
3	The products and service are great, but the prices are outrageous!I am on a vegan diet and have found this co-op really helpful. If you can get past the prices, the selection is great!
5	The only place I grocery shop! I love the fresh local produce. I love that I am a member.  They have recently been remodeling the place, which has only made it even better! I feel lucky that I live so close to the Co-op!
5	This is such a fantastic place to buy your groceries!The store in on the smaller side, but they are well stocked with lots of fresh vegetables, fruits, and other organic treats. I LOVED the fact that many of their items are local, especially the delicious bread!Everybody was also very nice and helpful. Great place to come check out if you haven't yet.
5	I absolutely love this place and wish there had been something similar in Orlando (one where you don't have to be a member).I randomly found out about East End when I was doing a search for organic, local food products. We decided to go check it out and instantly fell in love. Their produce selection is second-to-none, seriously. And yes, I am including Giant Eagle in that!Seriously, just about every time we've gone all the produce looks so fresh and brightly colored (i.e., the peppers, tomatoes, fruits, etc.) and ripe. I also like how they carry pasta noodles, rice, and other fun things in bulk. We always lament about how since there's only the two of us, we don't always need the large offerings that you usually find at places like Giant Eagle. Being able to pick out just the amount you need and not letting anything go to waste makes me feel a lot better.Beyond the food products, I have also gotten into making my own body washes. East End carries all of the ingredients that I need with multiple options. They have recently redone their store (and are still renovating) and have expanded their meat (they didn't use to carry meat at all) and cheese selections tremendously. The meat is a little pricey, actually the whole store is little pricey, but in my opinion it is well worth it. It's nice knowing that the items are organic and come from sustainable farms. Bonus: they buy as much locally produced items as they can as well. I really have nothing bad to say about them. The service has always been great and I love the selections and products offered. I can't comment on the cafe as I haven't eaten at it, but I hear the food is great. A combination of East End and the Strip has pretty much replaced Giant Eagle for me. I only stop by there now if I'm close by and just need a few items really quick.
5	Yes.  I love the co-op.  It's one of the very few places in Pgh I've been able to find unpasteurized juice, besides my own counter top.  Because my counter top contains a juicer, which is awesome, but such a pain to clean.I love getting lunch here.  The onion Parmesan soup is amazing.
5	The best grocery store I've been to. Lots of organic fruit and veggies, bulk bins for as far as the eye can see, and if you can't find a type of granola you like then you should give up on granola.They basically have everything you need, and you don't have to shop at the chain stores.
5	I was visiting Pittsburgh and looking for a throat spray called Singers Saving Grace. Whole Foods didn't have the item in stock but East End Co-Op did! Also, had a smoothie while a shopped. What a great find!
3	This was a really interesting adventure. Initially, I wasn't too impressed with the produce section where it was pretty limited and only some of the fruits were worth buying. The self serve section was enormous and definitely worth checking out! There are a few things here that you may not find anywhere else. My interest in the food there was a little curbed by the prices which you could easily beat at  a regular grocery store. However, the raw milk and goat milk there was an interesting find though! It's a bit out of the way but if I'm ever near bakery square I would definitely drop by!
4	Coffee, dry beans, bulk foods, fresh fruits, and veggies oh my.Once a staple place of mine when living in Friendship and Point Breeze, now a novelty that strikes up fond memories.  Even now that I live in the North Hills I still enjoy to seek out the East End Food Co-op on a semi-regular basis.  I go there for the bulk bins mainly, but always end up grabbing some other things.  Their fresh fruit and vegetable selection is always good and cheaper than Whole Foods and Market District for sure.  I am a gigantic fan of their whole coffee bean selection as well.  Very good place.  And not swarming with hippies all the time, though that's not that bad of a thing.
3	Over all I like it, but its not going to be my main grocery run. I like having all the organic options, especially for the produce, beans and grains. I hate the parking situation, and their prices are significantly higher than I expect, even for organic.
4	I love stopping by here for a juice and take-out food from the cafe.  It's one of the few places I've found in Pittsburgh serving fresh-pressed and organic juices. My favorite juice combo is the carrot, apple, and ginger, aka "Ginger Wabbit".  Although they can be a little pricey, certain juices are sometimes on special, so keep your eye out!  They also have plenty of smoothie and coffee bar options if juices and wheat grass shots aren't really your thing.  Don't be afraid to ask the staff member for some recommendations!The hot food/salad bar has great vegetarian and vegan options.  Usually the selections include roasted veggies, homemade soups, tofu and tempeh options, kale, and some kind of grain.  On the back wall of the store, they have a selection of already packaged salads, sandwiches, mock tuna and chicken salad, hummus, marinated tofu, great to grab and go or enjoy for lunch in the cafe.I can't comment much on the store selection, because I mostly stick to the prepared foods and juice bar.  They also have a large selection of nutritional bars, including the local companies such as Barre and NuGo.  Don't be intimidated to give East End Food Co-op a shot, the staff is totally helpful and the healthy, fresh lunch options are worth stopping in for!
3	This co-op is probably great for vegans and vegetarians, but I am Paleo.  I was very happy to find grassfed butter, raw milk, and cheese at reasonable prices.  The bulk foods section was missing a few mainstay items I typically pick up, and the meat selection was very poor.  I would like to see a better listing of which meat is grass fed and grass finished, as many of the farms in the frozen meat section did not have any of that information.For my future needs, I will be ordering directly from the farm (this co-op sells items from the farm that I will be direct ordering from) at a lower price and will fill in the gaps elsewhere.
5	Forget Whole Foods when you have East End Cooperative! Honestly, this is quite possibly one of my favorite coops. They make some amazing deli items...so amazing that I went back twice during my visit to PA. I was only expecting to have a few options in the prepared food section, but the vegan options were plentiful. Their mock tuna salad was impressive, made with tvp, vegenaise, and spices. The potato salad was creamy and exceptionally delicious. And the vegan pasta salad was also impressive. Generally most grocers fail in this department, but East End excels by leaps and bounds. I can't believe how tasty their store-made food was. The prices were also very reasonable, if not low. If I lived in PA, I'd join their coop and would go there frequently.
5	Great selection, tasty salad bar.
5	I used to work there and I just love East End Food Co-op.  The place has definitely got soul, awesome folks at Co-op.  So many local options, such good produce, and awesome prepared foods.  Sure some of the prices are high, but if you learn to shop it, there are also great values everywhere.  And I really appreciate that they stick their neck out, and are spending time and money in the fight to label GMO's.  It's important issues like this that really define our Co-op IMO.
5	Love the East End Food Co op .  Reasonably priced organic selections.  The smoothie/juice bar is outstanding.  Great vegan/and or healthy selections at the hot and cold salad bar.  My most favorite thing here is the ability to purchase raw, unpasteurized unhomogenized milk.   The staff is very friendly, the. produce is very fresh.  This is definitely a good way to avoid the over priced, over processed major grocery chain food selection.  I love the co op.
5	When I go organic I go here and reccommend the same to my clients!Mark CPT bestpapersonaltrainercom
5	Organic, vegan, vegetarian, juice bar, and much more.  This place is friggin heaven.  When I made the initial switch to vegetarian a few years ago I struggled.  Not from the desire, but from a lack of options.  Then I found the Co-Op. In my opinion the Co-Op is just as valuable as public libraries!!!
5	East End Food Co-op is awesome!If I had to choose between the Co-op and WF, the Co-op is where it's at.There is a good selection of fruits and veggies, as well as toiletries (shampoos, soaps, toothpaste, tampons, shaving creams, etc.) to household cleaning products. The frozen section is also very diverse with a good selection of frozen meals, ice cream (dairy and nondairy), and veggies. The Co-op also carries a nice selection of foods for people with restricted diets especially for Celiac and vegans, or for people with severe allergies like myself. They also carry hard to find vegan cheeses such as Treeline that I have difficulty finding at WF in Pittsburgh and the Co-op in West Virginia. I was also happy to find that they had my favorite Ito-En sencha green tea shot (it's just green tea in a can, it's not like one of those energy shots at all). The deli is also fantastic, and I highly recommend the Co-op deli over the WF deli. There are a wide variety of soups and salads and dressings. The vegan mushroom soup is really, really, really yummy. There are also vegan meals in ready to go containers (salads, vegan pesto noodle salad, etc.). You can also order coffee/espresso at the deli counter. As with any good Co-op, they have a variety of non-dairy milk options. If you have food allergies or have any dietary restrictions the Co-op is an excellent place to get a quick meal (hot or cold) and to pick up groceries. There is also a little dining/sitting area at the front of the store. It's kid friendly and they even have a little compost/recycling bin! Yes, this is important for me to mention because I come from Seattle where recycling is the norm and we get fined if we don't recycle..and recycling does not seem to be a big thing in WV where I currently live. There is also a community board if you are looking to post something up (events, classes, pet sitting, etc.) near the bathroom in the back of the store.
5	I love supporting co-ops and other local grocers, but for whatever reason, I kept putting off visiting East End Food Co-op. This all changed yesterday when I was desperate for a healthy smoothie and nowhere near one. We were a little confused as to how to get into the co-op, because didn't realize that it was on the opposite street all tucked away. After we figured that out by following another patron, we were really excited to walk through the doors. If you've never been into a co-op, you should know that they are typically smooshed together and have an interesting smell that emanates from the bulk-spices isle. I love this smell. It's really the best grocery store smell, EVER.Proceeding through the store we noticed the colorful and abundant produce section. So many beautiful fruits, veggies and herbs. The prices varied, but they were probably on par with what you would pay for any other organic produce somewhere else. When we found the back area with hot foods, cold foods and the smoothies...I died of happiness. There were so many wonderful things back there. The food bar is $7.99 a pound, which is a lot cheaper than some places! The smoothies were all very tasty sounding, but I settled on a smoothie with soy ice cream, strawberries and papaya juice. Oh, my, god. It was so delicious! My boyfriend got the King smoothie, and he really enjoyed his too.Right beside the smoothie bar there is a section for all kinds of books. My eye was caught by an organic and local homebrewing book. It is now on my list of must haves! The rest of the store was great. I especially love the cheese selection (we bought AMAZING and LOCAL tomato-basil havarti), the vegan meat products and the prices. I'll definitely be coming here a lot more. It's a great little co-op, and it is definitely the best I have been in!
4	They have a great selection of products considering their size. I would give them 5 stars but they carry bottled water--which confuses me. If they are really passionate about protecting the environment and resources, they should not be selling bottled water, regardless as to how it is sourced.
5	The co-op is great!  When we had to put our children on a diet free of gluten and dairy, we were lost -- until we found the East End Food Co-op. That was 10 years ago and I've shopped there weekly ever since. It provides for all of our gluten-free, dairy-free needs - and even allows the opportunity to purchase in bulk as a member. I also love buying grains, beans, etc. from the bulk bins, fair trade products and many daily food items like cereals, nut butters, snacks, etc. They now stock meat/poultry from local farms and specialize in Vegan options. Also, have to mention the awesome produce section, stocked mostly from local farms.
