1	Do you remember being a little girl and begging for a bedazzler for Christmas? Desperately wanting to bling out your jean jackets and rhinestone your name on your backpacks? Do you still carry a torch for all things bedazzled? If so this is the store for you. From blinged out shirts to booty bedazzled jeans, you can find here and it has been covered in faux diamonds and rhinestones. There are also a ton of the dragon/angel/tattoo looking shirts that some ladies are so fond of. I don't know if  I should give this place one star or five stars.. I guess it really just depends on your taste in clothing. I wouldn't be caught dead in anything they sell here. But I know a few ladies that may be willing to trade in a Michael Jackson purse for a sparkling hat with "Hot Thing" written in rhinestones.
1	I was not greeted until I was about to leave out of the store, the lady ( said she was the owner ) at the register clearly saw me, as I was looking at some tanks right by the register, she said NOTHING until I was about to head out, that's when she wanted to ask if I was looking for anything in particular.  I actually wasn't I just wanted to see what they had to offer, being that it was my first time in the boutique.  I asked if she was the owner and she proudly stated that she is, and that she has another location as well.  Even if I would have received good customer service, this definitely isn't a store that I'd be out on the prowl for, the items seem a tad bit chintzy and out dated
1	I've been in here quite a few times and I've never found ANYTHING worth buying.How the heck is this store still in business?Their selection IS pretty outdated.It's just so blah and the brands they use, I've seen em at cheap Asian stores. I mean they do have that blingy "boutique style" going on, but I mean it all just looks so generic. The store has potential, it has all the cute decor inside just like any other cutesy boutique.Customer service?there's not much of it.All I've ever felt was just awkwardness while walking and browsing the store..This store is just not for me.
4	I really don't think that this boutique is as bad as everyone is making it out to be. Although it is a little overpriced, there are some things that I found that I would consider a great deal. The jewelry and accessories are beautiful and well priced and most of the clothes are great because you won't see other people around Phoenix wearing the same exact thing. A lot of the items are blingy and bedazzled, but there are still plenty of other options around the boutique. And as far as a greeting or farwell, I don't expect the staff at a small expensive boutique to be well experienced in cutsomer service. Overall it's really a cute store, but maybe could use a little price adjusting.
5	I've been going to Brown Eyed Girlz for years.   I never leave the store empty handed and I ALWAYS get tons of compliments on everything I have ever gotten there.   The staff and owners are so friendly and helpful.
