5	Tough layout, course is in great shape. It's nice playing an old-style golf course that isn't a target course full of waste areas like many courses in Las Vegas. Mature trees and plenty of water hazards. Played in a tournament, and golf staff were helpful and very efficient. If you haven't played LV National in a while, I highly recommend you try it again.
4	In Vegas with a bunch of buddies for my bachelor party, and golf was on the agenda.  After looking around at the options, we settled on Vegas National since it was close to the strip, not a half hour out of town, only $70 for the round (winter, Monday, 12:00 tee), and isn't some terrible muni with provisional greens.I am am absolute hack, but one friend is a single digit handicap and the other shoots around 100 (our 4th couldn't rally from the drinking the day before).  If you don't know, Tiger won his first PGA event here, and they filmed part of Casino on the course.  With the Wynn way too much money, and Bali Hi still around $100, this is a nice option.The fees included a cart and range balls, and the November Monday start meant that the place played like a country club.  Only once did someone hit into us, and only once did we hit into another group.  We played a very leisurely 4 1/2 hour round.  The course is in good shape, not great, but no real problems.  The fairways were thin in some areas, but water is a premium in Vegas.  It is not a desert course, so the whole area is green with with lots of trees.  The bunkers were hard and everything was fast, but again, what do you expect in the desert?Some of the pin placements were tricky, but as a hack, I never felt like I was totally out of my depth, and my friend with the low handicap was challenged, though maybe more by rust than by anything else.  Fairways are moderately narrow, but if you don't go too far left or right, you can recover.  I had a great time, and will return if I am itching for another round in Sin City.
2	Seriously, what golf course doesn't allow spectators to watch a golf tournament??Played a Pepsi tour event here and the course is in bad shape. More mud than grass in the rough and the fairways are really patchy. So bad in fact that a professional event told us to play "lift, clean, and place" within a club-length. Usually if it's lift clean and place, it's because of a horrible storm and the conditions are already muddy, and it's almost always within a scorecard length (8-12 inches). This time it had to be a full club-length because that's what it took to find a good lie in many cases.   I understand having some bad lies, its part of the game, but 90% of the lies out here are pretty sketchy. The greens need to be cut down, they roll at about a 7 on the stimp, which is really slow for an event in April when grass is growing like crazy and they can afford to cut em down.Really disappointed they kicked a players parents off the course. Players drove from California for this tournament and you're gonna force their parents off the course? One group of parents were forced to leave on the 9th hole, halfway thru the round already. And another mom told me she offered to pay the fee to play if they would let her have a cart to follow her son, and they turned her down. She told me that instead of being able to watch her son play, she went back to the hotel and sat in the room.  Thanks for ruining their little family trip to Vegas to watch their aspiring golf pro son play in a tournament. Horrible customer service, bad conditions for a course that's holding an event, and I won't be back unless the round is paid for by someone else. Not spending my $$ here. Only reason I'm not giving 1 star is because the cart attendant in the morning was really friendly, and the greens had potential and lots of grass and the layout is in fact kind of fun. 5 par 3's on the course and they are all pretty tough. 2 stars and it's debatable to be that nice.
5	I am writing about the restaurant at the Las Vegas National Golf Club. After a damn fine round of golf on a well designed and certainly challenging course at what is undoubtedly a Las Vegas landmark (do you know this is where Tiger Woods won his first PGA tournament?), my foursome sat down for a bite to eat. One look at the menu made the best part of this place perfectly clear - the prices. Sandwiches priced from $6 to $8, a great bargain. But when your sandwich arrives is where the real surprise comes in, the food is very well prepared and mighty tasty to boot.I had the tuna melt, which can be a dubious choice for a first time visit (many of you out there know what I am talking about), but it was actually one of the best tuna melts I have ever had, with flavors I had difficulty identifying but that at-the-same-time seemed as though they always belonged in a tuna melt and I cant believe no one else is making them this way. One gets the impression that the club's kitchen is home to a masterful chef, with years devoted to perfecting his/her craft - and without all the Vegas glamour, fame and frivolity that drowns the restaurants on the strip. I almost don't want to let this little restaurant secret out, for fear of destroying its perfect beauty.
5	Rarely have I ever had such a great experience at a golf course.  Absolutely everything was perfect for us here.  We showed up and everything was all ready to go.  Friendly staff.  Really nice set of rental clubs.  Carts with coolers on them.  And the course!  The course is just gorgeous, a great spot to spend a warm, sunny Vegas morning.  Challenging enough unless you're a single digit handicap player, LV National is the right answer to avoiding the $400 a round Wynn golf course.
5	This place is great! - The customer service is superb, very caring employees- The course is well kept and challenging- The club house is very nice and the bar and grill is inviting. I have been thoroughly pleased with the bartender every time I have played here. She is very nice and friendly.- The price is fairly reasonable for a once PGA Tour quality course. I have found some mid-afternoon tee times in the $30 range, which is really good for a course not to far off the strip.
5	Great all grass course. Nice old school feel in the heart of Las Vegas.
3	If you compare this to any of the high end courses in vegas, you will be disappointed. If u want to have a fun day of golf that's challenging w a lot of trees yet u wont want to kill urself afterwards, this course is for u. This was my 1st time. The price was a steal 80% off. I played in the summer and it was a lil windy but thats vegas golf for you. This course has a lot of history: rat pack, tiger in his early years and its close to the strip. There are plenty of places to eat in the area. Clubhouse is ok,  practice facilities are ok... Everything is ok or above average. I had a fun day. Not too long but the course was in great shape.
2	I was really excited to play here since I know it's an old school course and there aren't too many courses in Vegas that aren't desert style. I went to check in and the guy at the pro shop asked if my girlfriend would be riding along. I said yes, and he told me there would be a $25 ride along fee. I thought that was ridiculous...it's not like we were getting another cart and wasting their resources. We have been to at least 10 courses and not one has ever charged for her to ride along. It was a terrible way to start the day.On to the course...it's nice to have trees all around, but overall it's a very flat course. That's not a bad thing but it's just not super exciting to play on. Greens were fantastic though. The real downfall was the disgusting "creek" that ran through some of the holes. It was littered with clothing and bedding and all kinds of trash. We dubbed it Hobo Creek because it looked like a homeless refuge. Not exactly something that makes the course look good.Would I play there again? Probably not since the rider fee almost doubled my cost of playing. It would have been nice if they mentioned that when I booked, because it was a very unpleasant surprise. On a side note, the restaurant has good food at great prices, and the waitress we had was very friendly and attentive.
4	This is one of my favorite courses in Las Vegas. It has a different character than the other courses in town where the desert comes into play all of the time. The only thing keeping me from a 5 star review is that the pro shop staff seem a little full of themselves. We booked a tee time for 4 people and when we showed up they told us it had only been made for two. This was obviously their mistake, but they insisted they were right. It all worked out as the starter accommodated us without an issue. We also weren't able to finish as we were behind a tournament that we noticed had several fivesomes in it, but it was not a big deal as we played most of the front nine twice and had lots of fun.
5	Really liked playing here. I'm from Scotland and play courses all over the world, am also a low handicapper and was concerned at the reviews on here. The creeks were immaculate when I went and the course is challenging to score well on. They tuck the flags behind the bunkers and the greens are small. The staff were super friendly and let us hit free balls after our round as we didnt have time before. I prefer this to the tpc, it's a harder challenge to score well on and the value is good ( and its 5 minutes from the strip). I also really like Bali hai for that reason and so that's my desert type course choice. We paid $79 and I thought that was good value.
4	Attended a Golf outing in support of the 100 Academy here in the Valley sponsored by the 100 Black Men organization. Before I get to far into the day and the course let me start by saying I met Spenser Haywood. For those that don't know who he is he is an NBA legend who played from 1969 - 1983 (from the time I was 1 until I was 15). The man won a championship, a ton of awards and played on the 1968 Gold Medal team (which was before I was born). It was really an honor and pleasure to have had a chance to meet a living legend. Ok now about the course. Listen I am a marginal golfer 100+ so in theory beyond knowing how to strike the ball 80% of the time my golf skills end about there but I love this silly game and enjoy time on a course so I play whenever I can! LV National was a very nice course to play and for its age it is well maintained. The holes are pretty straightforward with a few challenges but nothing outrageous. No extreme dog legs, or big hazard shots but there are some suddle traps so you have to have a little game to shoot in the 80's...which I have never shot anything better than a 92 :(Although this is an old course I think it is still a good course to play. I'm not certain what the greens fees are as I was here because of an outing but if they charge below $75 during prime time and $30 or below at off peak time it is well worth it. Also check out the history in the place. It has a long standing legacy of hosting all the old school pros at one time or another as well as the big entertainers who came through Vegas. I was told before TPC was built this was the PGA course in town. Its an old Arnold Palmer designed course and Tiger Woods even played here in his younger days. I would definitely say I would come back here and if I got a coupon for a good deal I'd come back immediately!
4	Went here for a work holiday party. The rates were reasonable and the food (prime rib & salmon entree) were very good. I'd definitely recommend this place for a group party.
5	Played for first time yesterday. Pace was a little slow due to tournament a few group ahead.  Ranger was vigilant trying to keep it moving and we finished in 4:45 hrs. Course condition was very good and greens were medium speed and rolled true. Water in play on several holes - design offered good variety of shots and risk/ reward decisions. Icing on cake was free lunch promotion in newspaper - choice of anything on menu. Quality and service was excellent.
2	Started with ditzy blond in snack shack f-bombing her coworker so all could hear. Pace was very slow but it was Sunday until.. Saw the Marshall hitting balls in all directions from a t box. He had borrowed clubs from a foursome and attempted to hit 4 balls very badly I might add. To top it off he parked his cart on a box. Truly the most unprofessional group I have ever seen. Now for the course. It's surrounded by the ghetto of Vegas. Nice golf course homes next to crap shacks and kids trying to sell you balls at every turn. It is a challenging course and will test even a good golfer. I have checked this box. Do yourself a favor and play somewhere else. Overall it sucked.
3	I give it 3 for the course only. The rest feels like your playing in a ghetto. The houses surrounding the course are the worst homes I have ever seen. Pretty depressing area but the course is challenging and in good shape. Probably worth the price. The river running through it looks like something out of a third world country.
5	Listen. I played Bear's Best & Red Rock Arroyo the days before we played a morning round here.All i can tell you is this place had greens and fairways just as good.  It was so well maintained and challenging enough. We got paired with a 66 yr old longtime member who went out and shot a 70!Plus you get to see the home where Ace Rothstein lives in the film CASINO.Proximity to strip and course quality make this a guaranteed return.
3	Golf course is challenging,  but terribly rude staff by keeping customers waiting at the counter and not recognizing that putting a tournament in between a group of 18 and thus splitting us up was bad. Also, said something to staff member who didnt say a word and just walked away.
5	Played on my wedding morning 04.04.2014 , and loved it .Outstanding track and great people and the clubhouse is steeped in history , I must recommend the the French Dip , it was top notch and delightful.Also if you have a good score show your card and you get your first beer for that price ( mine was 79c )
5	Paid $50 for Friday mid morning tee time on May 2nd.  The course was in great shape.  The course isn't dramatic like Bear's best or Badlands, but the tree lined fairways, slight elevation changes and challenging par 3's made the course very enjoyable.  The pace is normal for this time of the year with lots of mediocre golfers playing drunk and just having a good time without a care in the world (or the group standing behind them).  The staff is friendly and helpful (felt sorry for the marshal as he was trying to get the drunk group in front of us to play at pace).
3	For the price not bad, but this place is past its time.
2	Second time playing here. First time was good. Green was fair. This time its just horrible. On a Sunday. 8/17 Its like they just punched the greens yesterday...grass is like a jungle. So you either hit a hole or a patch of grass or both. I don't see them very busy unless they have true golfers.
2	The course was in very bad shape and is outdated. I wouldn't play it again, especially with so many other options in the area
2	This course has seen it's better days. It's like playing golf through the ghetto. The course is still acceptable but the homes around it are completely run-down which just gives you this "I need to get my life together" feeling. I don't know how this place gets 4 stars but I really wish yelp reviewers would hold a higher standard for golf. Oh and did I mention I had my sunglasses stolen by the guy working the front desk? What a sleaze ball! He told me my sunglasses were there which of course they would be seeing as i called 5 minutes after I left (we were with a big group) so he told me he would hold them there. 2 days later I spend 40 dollars on a cab and he hands me a fake pair that clearly wasn't mine! I hate this place. I hate anyone that loves this place :) I may be being a little dramatic but that whole hustle game really pissed me off. Don't play here ever.
2	I went with a group to play this course for the 1st time since we had a free foursome. The other 3 in my group had played this course before. They were telling me in years past this was one of the best courses in Vegas. You definitely can't say that now. It was in just average condition and there isn't really anything special about the course. The staff was friendly and the beer was cold. You get your first beer after your round for the price of your score so that was nice. I wouldn't go out of my way to play this course but what the heck it was free. It has the feel of an old worn out muni course and has a drainage ditch running through it that isn't very attractive. I would say 2 -2.5 stars.
4	Played about a month ago day after playing Wolf Creek (definitely a bucket list golf course and worth the drive...at least once!)...This is a classic old style course that would fit in florida or palm springs...the greens were in excellent shape, the rest of the course was in good shape.  People complain about ghetto neighborhood and run down houses, but I think it adds to part of the charm.  We played with a local who gave us the history on all the celebrities homes - not only the Casino home, but Sonny Liston, Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis and more.  Think of it like playing through the ruins of Rome!Considering it's reasonable (for Vegas) rate of $70 with cart, and it's proximity to the strip (5 minutes), I'd definitely play again.
