5	The service from beginning to end was top-notch! Our car was swiped by a semi and took out our passenger side mirror. Abra treated us with respect and professionalism through the entire process. They did a fantastic job fixing our car and didn't overcharge us for anything. We'd recommend Abra to anyone!
3	I have to preface this review with a little story.  I found myself at Abra after a fender-bender left my bumper with a deep, ugly scrape.  This is how it went down. I was sitting in my parked car in a parking ramp at UW-Madison.  I vaguely noticed a car pulling in too close in the space next to me--but I was too busy talking to my BF on the phone to pay much attention.  All of a sudden, my car rocked to the side as the parking-impaired perp hit me, and then gunned his car backward, forcibly dragging it out of the space and doing a lovely number on my bumper.  I whipped around to look just in time to see the guy taking off at full speed. Well...that got my Irish up.  I am NOT making this up...there were witnesses.  Being familiar with the parking ramp, I was fairly sure that he wouldn't be able to make a clean get-away.  So I jumped out of my car and chased him down on foot--in high heels.  When I caught up to him, it was a terrified teenage guy (can you imagine the sight of a crazy, high-heeled woman approaching at a dead run in the review mirror???).  In short: I convinced him that he should return to the scene of the crime.  I have a broken toe for my trouble--and a laugh every time I think about it.'Nuff said.  So anyway.  Abra.  I arrived on-time for my appointment, and watched in growing dismay as one, then two people arrived after me and were immediately helped by one of the technicians.  Then I realized that the harassed soul casting helpless glances in my direction as he dealt with an annoying, disgruntled customer was the technician appointed to deal with my assessment.  Stuff happens.  The actual assessment took only about 10 minutes, and then I was on my merry way.  It just seems like there should be a first-come, first-served type of system in place, but what do I know?
5	NOTE:  I only just got my car back so I cannot yet comment on the long-term resilience of the paint job.My wife bought a new VW Passat in December and was hit by a dump truck in January. There was body damage to the driver-side front door, back door and rear quarter panel. Our insurance is with Geico who has an agent that works right out of ABRA's office. So I took it there for an assessment.Everyone was extremely kind and helpful. The process of getting the estimate both by Geico and by ABRA was very quick and easy. Also, ABRA was nice enough to provide me with a rental car on their dime. Enterprise came out to ABRA's location and we took care of the rental there.  All I paid for was the insurance which was like $12-13/day.ABRA sent daily updates via text message letting me know their progress and as soon as they had an estimated completion time, the let me know that as well.I dropped it off on Tuesday, January 21 and they completed all the repairs and paint on Friday however I couldn't pick it up until Monday, January 27 as the paint needed to dry.  The car looks excellent!
5	Abra took great care of the repairs on my truck.  I had a minor concern, and they took care of it quickly and perfectly!
