5	this is the food cart that run's out of charlies, the gay bar in phoenix.charlie's always seems like a reasonable place to go for afterhours on friday and saturday nights, but i don't go to dance. i got to eat the supreme drunken binge snack offered in phoenix: the super mega nacho.they load a snack box full of round yellow corn tortilla chips with gooey good nacho cheese, fresh carne asada, lettuce, guacamole, sour cream, pico de gallo, and top it with a dumptruck's worth of jalepeno's.their street tacos are only a dollar each and are bite-sized bits of mexican goodness. their quesadillas huge and generously loaded with either carne asada or chicken. everything is prepared from start to finish right in front of you. it's cash only and they even have sodas and water for you. you can either order inside the bar or outside around the corner (which i suggest, it's quicker) so you can get your drunk food fix without being caught in a gay cowboy bar by anyone that might suspect you're not all that straight..
5	The only thing that would improve this taco trailer would be a concrete definition of the hours at which I can patronize them.  Patronize is of course intended to signify a giving of business, not a stating of "Oh, hey there champ, it's ok, you can do better next time."  Essentially, they offer chicken and carne asada, with three basic preparations: Tacos for $1 a piece, burritos for $5, and Quesadillas for $7.  There is also a burger and a hot dog,  but come on, is that why you are here? If you order one of the meats, it comes off the grill, and you get to watch them chop it up with a crazy knife, on what appears to be a well-worn tree stump.  You definitely want to order "with everything"  and an horchata to drink is also the course of wisdom.  Final note: the people watching is amazing, in addition to the almost cartoonishly cowboy-looking dudes, I had a random guy who parked in the front wearing an FBI (Federal Boobie Inspector) shirt and raced off as soon as possible when his food was ready.  Wouldn't want anyone thinking your love of the Charlie's taco made you...sexually ambiguous?
5	Honestly, this is some of the best mexican food in town!It's connected to a gay bar Charlies and homo's are not going to eat half rate food...so needless to say it's amazing. Gay, Bi, Straight, Tranny....it doesn't matter, everyone is welcome!Suggestions: Chicken or Steak Quesadilla, Nachos, Bean BurroGo....go now!
5	I had never heard of this place, but after following my friend to Charlie's one night, this foodie friend of mine mentioned that a well-known local chef said this was one of his favorite places to go.  With his stamp of approval, I immediately jaywalked from the lightrail stop at 7th Ave over to this goofy looking van with a "CARNE ASADA" sign in the window.  Don't worry - the food is not actually served out of this van, of which I had accidentally given my mother the impression. There was a small line, but the small assembly line of taco-makers are very speedy, so the whole experience only took about 15 minutes.  We ordered the carne asada tacos, which were $1 a piece, with everything on them (salsa, cabbage, and sour cream).  I am always skeptical of hole-in-the-wall Mexican joints, as I got deathly ill after (my one and only) trip to Filiberto's, but I truly enjoyed these tacos (and my stomach did not reject them.. yay).  I think they are only open Thursday through Saturday, but I am not positive.  My boyfriend and I live down the street and went back the other night, and had another great experience.  There are a couple picnic benches for customers to eat at, but as we were not in the mood for this type of atmosphere, we took the tacos to-go and they were just as yummy to go!
5	I love food stands. More importantly- I love food stands conveniently located outside one of the coolest gay bars in town.While I'm not a frequent visitor of Charlie's the cowboy gay bar, my brother is. And while he's trying to find his designated buyer for the night, I'm usually standing in line for tacos. You can order food from inside Charlies. They open a door/gate where you can give the nice lady your order and voila... tacos! You can't order any drinks from here though, its an agreement they have with Charlies so don't even try!The food is way cheap. $1 tacos, $4 burritos, nachos, $3 quesadillas and the food is grilled right there! You can eat by the stand if you want. There are benches and heat lamps for the winter nights.I drool everytime I'm in line, smelling the carne asada and pollo on the grill. The place is clean and I even if it weren't I would still eat it!Don't forget that its cash only and if you're planning on going back to Charlies, make sure you make it back there before midnight or else cover charges are in full effect. But if you can't make it back into the club, you can always eat yourself crazy at this taco stand.
5	Yay for street food! And this one of my favorites in Phoenix. Food is served out of a kitchen trailer behind Charlie's ... cheap, very tasty food, including the best carne asada I've ever had from a commercial source. I had a chance to try even more of their great food at the appreciation gathering for the 2009 Pride Volunteers. It was fitting that Phoenix Pride chose them to cater the event; helping to set up Pride and making it run smoothly was hard work but a lot of fun, and this was a delicious way to cap the event.
5	Well finally a place that reminds me of my country!!! Street TACOS!!!! Had a family member that lives around the corner from the place that told me and the wifey about it. Great place to go eat late at night, made fresh to order right in front of your FACE! We ordered a Carne asada burrito, AWESOME!! Asada Quesadilla HUGE and yummy!! And a couple of Asada and chicken tacos, great taste. Only thing is that i wish they had more of a meat variety. But all in all this place ROCKS!!!! Going there tonight again with the Wifey for some good ASS tacos!!!!If you love Authentic Street tacos this place is for you, Go ahead and give it a try!!!$1 tacos, cant beat that!!By the way bring cash, dont think they have a credit card machine!, LOL
4	First place I've found in Phoenix that tastes like... Mexico.The carne asada tacos are all I've had so that's all I'll speak to... these tacos actually remind me of late night fare in Mexico. Great serving size and the horchata didn't taste like powder, even if it might be.
5	I'm so glad to see this 'place' on yelp!  It's a hidden gem you can only get on the weekend evenings.  It's conveniently directly across from the LightRail stop @ Camelback and 7th Ave.  It's basic menu makes it easy to choose something good after many hours of drinking.  Especially if you aren't sure if you intentionally or inadvertently ended up inside Charlie's and line danced with gay men in cowboy hats all night.Also I love their Horchata (Cinnamon Rice Milk) - it's especially wonderful on a hot Arizona night.
5	I just don't know what happened! This was one of the best kept secrets in Phoenix and now it's completely MIA. La Parilla Villa was home to the best street tacos in all of Phoenix. It was simple, consistently delicious and tacos were only $1! They were only open on the weekends and were located right outside of Charlie's, but the truck is gone and has yet to return. I am saddened...
5	As of this weekend, LPV is officially back.  It looks as though they've been forced to stay in their truck, so you won't see the guys grilling outside anymore.  Don't worry, the food is just as good as always.  I've been told they will be back Thursday-Saturday 8pm-4am, and Sundays from 5pm-2am.  Thank God!Seriously, this is some of the best food in Phoenix.  Cheap, hearty, and delicious!
5	Just when I think that I've finally figured out where my favorite Taco Shop is, Taqueria Yaqui jumps in and has to throw all my game off.  This place is AMAZING.  The meat is some of the best I've had, juicy and tender, fair prices, they take CREDIT, always fun to people watch, and to think that I found this place by accidentally taking the light rail one extra stop to 7th Ave and Camelback rather than Central.  I will be getting my exercise thanks to this place, and the long drunken walks from Rosie's down the street.
5	Best carne asada in the valley!  These tacos taste just like the ones in Rocky Point. The line can get long, but the food is awesome and the prices are great!
5	I'm am just updating since they are open, and my review before is now outdated.Simply put:Best street tacos in Phoenix. Hands down.
5	The best mexican food you could ask for after a night of deep debauchery at Charlie's. The Carne Asada Burrito is delicious enough to entice me out of my usual veggie diet.
5	by far the best street tacos in town, maybe anywhere, think ill go there now
5	Carne Asada Burrito is top-notch!! Their tacos are awesome too. It's basically a food truck with tables under an awning in the parking lot of Charlies Bar. Nice employees, good food, can get extremely busy so be prepared to wait at peak times. Highly recommend.
5	Best carne asada tacos in AZ. The mulitas are crazy good too. Best taco spot in AZ hands down.
