5	The staff was friendly and knew the menu. Both of our meals were tasty (Caprese salad  and Santa Fe wrap). I appreciated the vegan protein option. The seating and outside area was clean and in the shade. I'm looking forward to trying the smoothies next time!
5	This is this restaurant's 2nd location.The salads here are the same high quality offerings that they have at their original location. If you've been there you know what I'm talking about.I think the design of the facilities here shows that they've learned and evolved from the original location. There is more shade over the outdoor seating area and there are tables on the north side of the building (which will be a blessing in the hot months). I try not to use drive-throughs due to personal preference but from what I observed it's very efficient here.The staff here is as friendly as it gets. They really make an effort to get to know you and your preferences. They call me by name when I walk up! If you're in east Chandler or west Gilbert you'd be well advised to stop in and give it a try!!
5	Wow! Food is awesome! Love the Greek and Santa Fe salads. I think they make their own dressing. The food is tasty,  filling and healthy. I can't wait to go back and try the quinoa breakfast.
3	My first time at this location and it was ok.  The customer service could be better, I was asking the girl at the window questions and she seemed put out. I was not sure about the salad dressing it would have been nice to be offered a taste of the dressing, because if you leave and dont like it, then what.  I added chicken to my salad but there was very little added.  The salad was fresh and it is convenient. Hope they open in Tempe.
4	I was excited to have a healthy option that was as easy to get as the typical fast food burger, which let's be honest is far from healthy! I had high expectations, and to be honest, I was not disappointed. The portion was extremely generous, their staff was extremely friendly, accommodating, and my food was out super quick! I will definitely be going back there again. It's not cheap, but I would definitely say that it's worth what you pay, and you get what you pay for no doubt!
2	So I'm visiting from LA, a vegetarian athlete...so when I saw salads with the option of adding veggie gardein chicken, I got super excited!! What I got was 90% romaine lettuce, very little other ingredients and four or five pieces of chicken. Flavor fail, salad fail.
1	Spent like $10 bucks on a salad and drink that wasn't even that good...I could make something like this at home. Not impressed
4	I ordered the chicken Cesar salad and a passion ice tea. The portion size was perfect-more than enough. The Cesar dressing is so creamy and delicious and I even ordered the light version. It was very flavorful. I also enjoyed the Parmesan cheese they sprinkled in it as well as the croutons. The chicken was okay, not super flavorful but not bland either. I wonder how it's cooked because it didn't have grill marks or anything. Nonetheless for a salad and drink I paid a little less than $10. I feel like it was a tad bit overpriced but considering it's a drive thru salad place that specializes in salad, it's all about supply and demand! It wasn't the best salad I've ever had, but it was better than any other fast food salad that's for sure.
5	I just love their salads - honestly... If I'mGoing to pay $7+ for a meal, I would rather have something good for me than a burger, fries, and crap!!
5	Every salad I've tried here is pretty awesome. The only thing I haven't liked in my salad was the fresh cheese in the Caprese salad, but then again I don't like fresh cheese and must've looked over the fact that this salad came with it. The smoothies are also good. I always add the pea protein in mine. My wife also loves their salads and green tea. Thanks for giving us a healthy drive-thru for on-the-go meals.
2	Kewl concept and probably a much needed option too.I originally thought this place may have been affiliated with a salad restaurant in Tucson but it's not.  It is a Gilbert based business.   Perfect.I got the Strawberry and Roasted Almond Salad with the additional grilled free range chicken.  My son got a Spinach & Smoked Bacon wrap with the added chicken.  His disappeared before i could snap a picture.  Mine is a good size salad bowl with a good portion of chicken.  Disappointed that it had so few strawberries in it cuz it's like a buck fifty more than the other salads without any extras.  Also one bite tasted soapy.  WTH did that come from????  Also came across a couple hair like fibers in my salad like short animal hair or something.   Maybe bristle from a produce scrubbing brush?   Natural afternoon daylight really helps improve my vision bit that's not always a good thing.  :-p. We'll try this place again I suppose.
4	I live in The Islands and am super glad this place is finally here!  I usually get the Cobb salad and add chicken...salads are huge and always have tons of chicken in them.  The only downside was getting the dressing on the side and getting this small container of dressing that doesn't cover much.  The salad is big enough for two meals and the side of dressing barely covers half of the salad.  Still love the place though!  :)
5	I'll admit, I drove by their first location for over a year and thought it looked sketchy. Once the second location opened, I thought "alright, maybe this is legit." I like that you can get the salads as wraps. I had the chicken Caesar as a wrap and my co-workers were asking where it can from because it looked so good. The smoothies are amazing! I've had the peach basil lemongrass smoothie and the strawberry spinach smoothie and both were delightful.I just tried their breakfast. I had the protein wrap and it was to die for. I favored their smoothies and breakfast to their salads. However, the salads are fine...nothing to write home about other than you can get them in a fast food setting, which is a bonus in my book! I will definitely be coming here regularly.
4	Pretty good!  I would eat here again. I ordered the Greek Salad and Santa Fe. Had a little of both and very good.
3	This place was surprisingly good for the fact that I had to get the balsamic dressing with the Asian salad in order to make it vegan. I would ask for the dressing on the side unless you like a lot of dressing on your salads. Mine came on the side, but I'm not sure if that's because I changed the order. It seemed like a lot of dressing and I only used about a third of what they gave me and thought that it was still a lot. Their juice was good!Since they don't have any indoor seating and it actually looks like a mainly drive thru place it was nice that they had tables outside and misters to keep you cool while eating. It was funny to watch people go by after ordering salads through their car windows. Get out and stretch your legs! Be healthy!
5	Nothing bad to say about this place! Never has it been so convenient to eat healthy. They offer a variety of options and I love that they offer gardein products for non-meat eaters. They even offer any salad as a wrap for those who have to eat in a hurry, or while driving (guilty ^_^ ). Next time I'll have to try out their breakfast options or a healthy shake.
5	Love this place! I have been here numerous occasions and every time I go, my order is fast and always correct. Great pricing for what you get as well.Also, the customer service is fantastic! Would recommend this place to anyone!
5	Hooray!!  Healthy fast food... what a concept!  Had a fantastic salad here... and kept on running my errands!  Other fast food attempt the salad thing and some come close but nothing like this place.  This is the only business I've bookmarked in Yelp so I can plan future errand runs to include a stop here...THANK YOU!
5	Super yummy Greek salad with chicken!  Perfect size to fill you up and its literally the fastest "fast food" I've had.
5	Best salads!  So fresh and healthy!  Perfect size!  Love the Cobb and BBQ!  The shrimp is really good in all the salads. Hope they open one soon in southeast chandler!
4	I had a good experience at Salad and Go.  It's close to my work, they got the order correct, and the food was fresh.  I would go back again. I had the Cobb with no bacon or blue cheese and ranch dressing.  It was pretty good. I'd like to try some other salads.
4	Amazing salads! Some of the specials they run can be a bit pricy if you add meat but they are worth it. I would love if they opened earlier, around 6, for breakfast. I would stop by every day on my way to work!
4	Salad and Go: Okay, focus on Salads...but I am here to announce their breakfast is fast and filling...also decently healthy.Get the Peanut Butter Wrap-- yes you can make that in your home, but the point is that a delicious breakfast that won't make your pores greasy, is available for consideration.I will agree with the other reviews...if you get a salad it is a hit or miss regarding the meat. I have been here several times and it is a hit or miss. Sometimes I am surprised and pleased for the amount of chicken I receive, and then other times I feel my meat is playing hide-and-seek.
5	My family loves and frequents the Gilbert Rd location, so we are pleased when they opened the Cooper/Warner location closer to our home. Our favorite salads are the cobb (no need to add meat since it is loaded with bacon and boiled eggs), the chicken caesar, the spinach and bacon, and the bbq! We also love their fresh smoothies made with real ingredients like kale and spinach and whole fruit. My kiddos love the turkey cucumber pinwheels (which we have begun mimicking in their school lunches)! Besides being healthy and delicious, this place is also affordable, and oftentimes cheaper than the greasy fast food options. This week our family of four ate dinner (with chicken added to the adult salads) for $25. Last week, my husband drove through Wendy's and got food for three people (him and our two kids) and it was $29. We'd much rather eat at Salad and Go!
1	Very disappointed in my Cobb salad.  By the time I got home 15 minutes after purchase the avocado was BLACK and when I did find tomatoes they were rancid.  The bacon was only partially cooked so that went right in the trash.  A bowl of romain for $6.00?????   I don't think so.  Too bad cause it is a great concept.  I tried the other location ayear ago with the same results. No more.
4	Salad and Go is a great place to grab a quick salad or wrap. I very much appreciate their selection of all natural and organic products, and sodas made with cane sugar instead of corn syrup. I have not had any quality issues with the food.
3	The food is great. I love the salads. However, the people aren't all the sweet. No common courtesy. Not and please and not a thank you not a smile or a wink of positively.
4	Hungry? Looking for a healthy meal? Too lazy to get out of the car? This is the place for you! They have hearty salads that are delicious and filling. Great for the veggie folks out there..they have gardein chicken you can add to the salads which I do every time. I even like the option of getting them in a wrap, but they do get a little soggy at the end sometimes. Great place for healthy "fast food"
5	I love this place! The service is always stellar! I usually just come in the morning on the way to work for coffee in the morning- but get a salad every now and then (and I have tried quite a lot of the salads) and a couple breakfast options and their food is so fresh, healthy, and delish- I tell everyone about it! Too bad there aren't more locations! Unfortunatley, I got a new job and this one will be way out of the way for me!! NO!! :'( I will miss the awesome people at this location! If you get the chance- and want a healthier alternative to fast food-  check it out. There is the one on Gilbert and Guadalupe I believe that is sort of on my way to work- but they will have BIG shoes to fill!! :)
5	I love Salad and Go. The delicious salads and nice employees make my day.  Eating here is making me more healthy.   It's a very convenient drive through with outdoor seating.  It's clean and the owners care about us.  The manager was patient with me when I asked about organics. They serve large filling salads for an inexpensive price.As a single person who has fresh food spoil in the refrigerator, I would like to divert my whole grocery budget to them.
4	Picked up their Cobb Salad with dressing on side..so fresh and tasty.. Asked for extra onions and got none..no big deal...should of verified when picked up order....get 2 or 3 salads from one  salad...love this place as I hate making salads !
