4	Heavenly after an exhausting day of pub hopping and castle mounting.The interior was soothing, and the tables outside overlooked a steep, twisty street straight out of Trainspotting.Add a steaming pot of herbal tea, pleasantly dressed yuppies, and accomodating waiters and you too will have sobered up in style!
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Edinburgh.  Ecco Vino is small and due to the tasty food and welcoming atmosphere, has been packed every time I've been there.  The staff are incredibly nice and athough the service can be a bit slow, it's easy to see that they're working hard and the wait is simply because of the volume of customers.  This is the kind of place you can come for a full meal or just drinks and starters.  I always share the mixed antipasti and the most amazing "salad" with crispy pancetta, sea salt and warm potatoes.  Yumyumyum.
5	Through its wooden latticed windows you'll often find flickering candles, couples chatting away and if you really squash your nose up against the window you'll see that the foods aesthetically pleasing too.  The wines in here are exceptional including a memorable Rioja and a deep, rich Montepulciano d'Abruzzo.  Dishes include a scrumptious platter of freshly baked breads accompanied by balsamic and olive oil dip. There's an equally tempting sweet potato and chorizo risotto that is easily complimented by the above wines. Prices are affordable and the staff strike the right balance of chattiness and attentiveness. Perfect for a date.
5	Being somewhat of a wine-connoisseur myself...HA!I don't know too much about wine, but I know that you can make any glass of white ten times better by serving it chilled. Extra chillen. And Ecco Vino delivers. It's a great little wine bar just off the Royal Mile, and is my guilty pleasure on my way home from a hard days shopping. It's got a really comfortable atmosphere, and nothing about it feels pretentious, which is rare for Edinburgh. Their food is yummy too, I shared a small starter with my mum to line my stomach before a bottle of Sincere (cold, I might add) and desperately want to go back for a full meal.Thoroughly recommend Ecco Vino!
3	OK so it's been well-established: there are few students who splash out on a meal at a restaurant. Granted there seems to be quite a few in Edinburgh in particular but this does not mean that the clients who aren't willing to bring out the plastic card aren't worthy of some sort of service! I came here with three friends to celebrate a birthday. The girl serving us gave a little huf when we hadn't booked a table (for a Wednesday at 6pm we didn't think there would be a rush) and seated us in a corner. Turns out this was her blind corner and proceeded to ignore us for the rest of the meal.  Other than this, it's actually a lovely little restaurant, quite small though. Don't bother with the anti-pasti dish- it's a bit of a rip off, but the main courses are delicious and the atmosphere (apart from the waitress) was grand. It's actually a wine bar more than a restaurant and it would be ideal for a special date!
4	The only downside to Ecco Vino is that it's always busy, so if you don't get here early to secure your wine tasting seat, you might end up being disappointed and having to trundle off elsewhere. Situated on good old Cockburn Street, this is a fairly recent addition to the Cockburn hood, but has definitely been a popular one. I really rate the look of Ecco Vino, with its wooden wine cellar feel and European bar atmosphere to it. There is, of course, an extensive range of wines on the menu here, so if you're a bit of a connoisseur, or fancy yourself as one, then this is a brill place to come and try out different wines. The food is also super tasty and reasonably priced, with the menu including some Italian pasta options and the ever spot hitting Antipasti. Very, very cool.
4	Ecco Vino is a very classy wine bar/restaurant sitting nearby some older styles of pubs on Cockburn Street. It brings a touch of continental flavour to this part of Edinburgh, with its open bay windows, and contemporary interior. Wine lines the walls, and the dimmed lights make for a nice, easy going ambiance that takes you a step away from the busy throng of Edinburgh's city centre..They have an aboslutely delicious menu available from lunchtime, where you can get anything from soup and a panini to mackeral salad (which is making me ravenous just thinking about how tasty it is). They also have some gorgeous spaghetti dishes, including one with capers and anchovies (so this place is winning me over by the second). They also have some less frilly options for those of you who don't like capers (seriously, how could you not?), and their cheese is supplied from the prestigious cheesemonger Iain Mellis.There's a nice, refined and relaxed atmosphere in this restaurant. Even when it's raining it still gets a lot of business and is beautiful to sit in. They know their wines, and the wine list is detailed, informative and classy. They offer up very tasty whites, reds, rose and high quality champagne. Prices vary from 3.70 a glass to 50 pounds for a bottle of the really good stuff. If you can't be tempted by their wine specialities, there are chilled Kronenburg and Sam Miguel on tap.It's the kind of place you can have a meet with friends, a business lunch or a memorable first date. Absolutely lovely.
4	Cor. I tell you, the dumbest idea I could have is go to a wine bar after a wine class, because a) I'm a swallower, not a spitterb) I turned into Jilly Gooldenc) wine gets pricier the more you think you know about them (you can see some serious flaws now, can't you)Hefty measures of wine, trying the Merlot, the Cabernet and the Rioja, followed by an entire bottle of Russian River chardonnay - which was rather delicious and ordered purely because I was feeling homesick for California. I didn't even include what my date drank. The bill wasn't pretty, but the bar was, even after I drunkenly knocked my glass over. It will be a wonder if they let me back on the premises, shame on me indeed.
5	Now we did a LOT of wining and dining during our stay in Edinburgh and Ecco Vino off Cockburn was by far my favourite.The wine here is absolutely gorgeous. The menu goes on for miles and miles and miles. SO much to choose from and decide between. The food here was delicious and so fresh and seasonal as well. I devoured my plate of perfectly flavoured king prawns that were absolutely drenched in garlic. It was absolute perfection with my glass of Argentinian malbec the size of my dome. Man, I'm salivating just thinking about it all again...The restaurant is quite small, but very intimate and tastefully decorated. Be sure to book, this place fills up fast. But it has a lovely ambiance and a wonderful buzzing feel to it in the evening time. I was not able to try dessert here, but I must say whatever chocolate cake they had on the menu looked like a piece of heaven.
4	I've had many a good evening (and afternoon) in Ecco Vino and I have to say that it has been one of my favourite places to eat and drink during my time in Edinburgh ... although not always easy to get in.The food is great for sharing and the wine is great .. goes without saying.The staff always seem knowledgable and friendly, and there's a generally good atmosphere.
4	A popular bar on Cockburn Street, just off the Royal Mile, is not where I expected to find a table immediately at 8pm on a Saturday night peak-Festival season But that's exactly what happened at Ecco Vino.I'd been wanting to go for a while now. It's fairly central, not huge inside, but with an amazing selection of wine and I'd heard good things about the food. As I said, it was peak Festival time on a Saturday night and everyone and their dog was looking for somewhere to get some food.After attempting to queue at other restaurants and being told waiting time was 30 minutes minimum, we thought we'd try our luck and just kept wandering. Viva Mexico 20 metres up the road had a 45 minute wait time. It was also raining (just to add to the scene, and emphasise just how good it would be go to get a dry, warm seat and food).We peered into Ecco Vino to see it full but with no queue. Hurrah! And when we asked about wait time for a table, there was one for us there and then. It appears those extra 20 metres walk were too far for the tourist crowds.I didn't try the wine this time, unfortunately, but the Antipasti of smoked salmon was really delicious. Fresh salmon, a generous portion. My friend, Val, had a big bowl of spaghetti with chorizo and other delicious things. She kindly let me try it. It really was nice.The menu isn't huge. A few antipasti options like soup, salmon, and the sharing plate, and the mains are mainly pasta options. It's a bar really, with the kitchen visibly behind the bar, so go here for the wine and have a wee bowl of pasta on the side - don't come here for a "dinner".The staff were really friendly, and despite obviously frazzled from long shifts with many Festival goers, were friendly and quick with their service.A perfect bar for a cosy winter's evening, with the dark wood, and shelves lined with wine. I can't wait to go back to try that either!
4	Adorable wine bar with really good food. We came here for lunch, so there was no crowd...The spaghetti with anchovy in chili tomato sauce was really yummy. Good service and ambience too
5	A true culinary artist. I loved this place. The service was great and the good awesome. The Scottish salmon was great and the pasta with chili and anchovies ( Putinesca ) was the best I have ever had. This chef is a superstar
5	Ecco Vino is the perfect place to cosy up and drink wine. And, as that is one of my favourite things to do, I rather like Ecco Vino! I have extremely fond (if wine-hazed) memories of spending my birthday afternoon here last winter while the outside world slowly disappeared under mounds of snow.I've been here a few times before and since the birthday visit and have never been disappointed. Lovely food, great choice of wine and friendly, attentive staff. I'm a big fan of their antipasti and any of the spaghetti dishes, my low-carb friend loves the aubergine bake.With its dark wood decor and tiny cosiness I can't really imagine going there in the summer... but as we don't really get one in the UK that's hardly a problem!
4	Popped in here at lunchtime on Wednesday. I've eaten and drunk here before in the past so expected it to be as reliable as previously and we weren't disappointed. I rather overreached myself by ordering the very tasty (and largely proportioned) carrot and ginger soup followed by the Italian sausage & cannelini bean stew but managed to do it justice (just). Service was friendly and competent and the whole experience good vfm. No wine consumed this time but they have a very good range of the stuff.
4	Now, I do know that a plate of meat, cheese and olives isn't a balanced meal. Even if there's some (fried) aubergine and courgette in pretty curls, it's not going to win any nutritional awards. But boy, it's heaven. What better way to while away an evening than drinking wine in a wood-lined cosy room, talking with friends and sharing a plate of antipasti? The food and wine at Ecco Vino is just top notch - everything they serve is great quality, and served by friendly staff. And if the antipasti is too bad for you, they do amazingly delicious salads, too...
4	I really like Ecco Vino, and in particular it's ever changing specials board. I ordered two very good dishes from it. Food was accompanied by typically good wine. I was very happy with it.Overall, we said: "I was very pleased with Ecco Vino. It served me two really good dishes, and though they had their faults, they still provided me with a high quality lunch. In addition, a smart pub setting and helpful service make this place a very attractive offering. I'd recommend you pay it a visit, soon"
4	I found this place for dinner in Edinburgh because I know how much the other half loves wines and wine bars. A friend had suggested quite a few places for dinner, but none of them seemed overly exciting to him, so we came here.We came in on a Thursday night around 6:30 and the place was already quite busy. For me, that's a sign of a good place! We were seated at a table, and quite soon afterwards a large party came in, so we all shifted around to give them more seating (which turned out to be a HUGE mistake). We started with a bottle of English white wine and a cheese plate. It consisted of three cheese. We chose it over the meat and cheese plate solely because that one contained manchego and gorganzola. Both nice cheeses, but nothing special. One of the people at the other table really wasn't paying any attention to anything around her except chatting while trying to get up, so she knocked a bottle of water over onto our cheese plate. They did end up getting us another cheese plate (which hey, it might have been cheese overload, but oh well), which consisted of four cheeses instead of three. And two of them were different. It's a bit strange that they opted to give us the manchego and gorganzola on the second plate in place of one of the cheeses, but maybe they were out.We then ordered some Italian red wine and the spaghetti with salami in a garlic cream sauce and the ham risotto. It took awhile due to the large table next to us, but we weren't in a hurry so we just enjoyed our wine. The mains were good. We also split the sticky toffee pudding at the end with some port, and that was probably the least good thing of the night. It wasn't sticky enough for me!The table of twelve next to us kind of ballooned into around 20 by the end. It was a bit too much for such a small restaurant. I kind of wish they told them they couldn't accommodate such a large party, but I don't even think they thought it was going to get as big as it did! The owner (I think he was the owner, who knows?) came up to us at the end, and he started talking with us a bit about wine. He said we had good taste and picked some of the better wine on the menu. That's always a pleasant surprise!
5	We discovered this charming place on our last day in Edinburgh...otherwise, it may have been the only restaurant we ate at during the entire visit. The atmosphere is very warm and cozy, and they have an extensive wine list, plus a nice selection of dishes.Our waitress was very friendly and attentive from the moment we walked in...she even offered tips on where to eat when we continued our journey to London.We started with the cheese plate (from a local artisan) and bowl of olives. Our mains were a Parma ham and leak gnocchi, and Chorizo and red pepper spaghetti. We enjoyed both courses with an excellent Primitivo. We were completely satiated, and the bill only came to 50 pounds!!!
5	Just found this place on our last day in Edinburgh. Went inside for a hot Italian sausage sandwich and latte. Both lovely. Even though it was only 11am, the atmosphere inside was very cosy. Would definitely eat here again for lunch or dinner.
4	A lovely hidden gem of a wine bar - one of my favourites! This tends to be one of my go-to places for a first date (oo-er!) or a catch up with friends over a vino (or several) and casual food. The food menu is small, mainly oiives/bread, pasta and antipasti, however I had a lovely Italian sausage & bean stew during my last visit which did exactly what it said on the tin! Would I recommend this to anyone looking for a fabulous meal in Edinburgh? No. But I would definitely recommend this as a must-visit place for some casual nibbles & fabulous wine.
5	I loved this place....the prawns (with heads on) in lemon and garlic sauce was magnifique and the wine is excellent!
4	Wine bars in Edinburgh are peculiar places as they always seem to be tucked away on the quieter streets or under bridges and Ecco Vino is one of those too!Great wine list - selections to suit all budgets. I was here for a post Doors Open Day glass of vino which turned out to be a bottle between 3 once we saw the wine of the month was a cheeky little Picpoul. Tasty and it went down too well, we resisted temptation to order another bottle. Service was great and we were under no pressure to vacate our table, so we had a lovely gossipy, catch up time, savouring food and wine.I didn't have food but the dessert portions look very generous and the seafood looks very good and cooked perfectly. I'll definitely return  and next time, I'll be settling in for some nibbles and some more vino.
5	I discovered this gem from fellow reviewers and you didn't disappoint. Great wine list, superb service, and an excellent stocked kitchen that catered to my gluten free needs. And if you're there a day when the stew is the special... Order it! Perfect end to a cold day!
3	Had a nice seat outside on a sunny day and a couple of drinks with snacks. The anti-pasti was so disappointing with a really odd aubergine thing that looked horrid and tasted of absolutely nothing, not even aubergine. Hot little potatoes, cold peppers, 2 small slabs of tallegio (hardly a 'cheese selection') and some pretty poor quality sliced meats. The chorizo tasted strange too. We had to pay extra to get some bread with it too. An anchovy salad fared better with the addition of avocado but was 75% rocket. The bruschetta was ok too, though again, 75 % rocket. We were sat with the oily slate board (still with weird aubergine) and our plates for about half an hour before someone cleared it. I like going to Ecco Vino but I think in future I will just do drinks...
5	We stumbled across this place on our trip to Edinburgh for a late night dinner and was not disappointed. The waiter promptly informed us there was only one chef that night and the wait may be longer for food, but it wasn't bad at all. Portions were large and a reasonable price for Edinburgh. Just under 10 pounds for a giant bowl of pasta. My sister got the leek broccoli risotto and raved about it as well. Worth stopping in, very delicious !
5	On our visit to Edinburgh, we were going tired of pub food and wanted Italian. We just happened to stumble into this place as another Italian place wasn't open nearby. We were told that it may take awhile to get our food as they were short staffed but since we weren't starving we decided to stay. The service was a bit slow but I didn't think it was any slower than other places in the UK. I ordered a glass of wine and the risotto of the day which was a broccoli, leek, and Gorgonzola risotto. It was delicious! It was a little greasy but I assume that was from the massive amounts of cheese in it. I would definitely try this place again on my next trip to Edinburgh.
4	I stopped in for a quick lunch and it wasn't super busy.  The service was good as was the food and wine.  Definitely a good change up to pub food.
