1	Horrible pharmacy drive-thru service and customer service. After waiting in the outside lane while 4 cars drove through the inside lane, I asked them if I should not use the outside lane any more, and I got attitude from   the pharmacist. Needless to say, won't be going back here any time soon.
2	When I first moved to Vegas this was the Walgreen's closest to me and they carried everything I wanted. The had the hair dye I use, the gum I chew, and all the magazines I love. Another fantastic find was a well stocked beverage isle complete with Jolt Cola. I got all my scripts filled here and most of my beauty products. Slowly but surely that has all changed. They nixed my hair dye, stopping stocking the jolt and all though I can't be one hundred percent sure I believe the pharmacy may have laced my medication with an antibiotic I'm allergic to. (By not cleaning the tray the medications are sorted and counted on.) Now they refuse to take my coupons and they even had trouble accepting a coupon they printed out at their own register.  I'm so tired of coming in here for a simple item and this place just not having it, or if they do have it it's blocked by stuff in the isles waiting to be stocked.  So many other places have the four dollar generics that no one should even bother with this place, it's really gone downhill.
1	Absolutely horrible customer service. The cashier, looked absolutely disgusted doing her job. She moved so very slow that at first, I wondered if she might have a disability. However, when she finally spoke, you couldn't mistake the attitude and feelings towards either the customers, the job or both. As for the facility, clean and organized. I came in for what I wanted to get and tried to walk out. However, that didn't really happen as the cashier seemed to want to make all the customers in line as miserable as she was. Even though this facility is close to my family's house there in NLV, rest assured that I'll drive the extra miles to the next place, which happens to be one of their competitors.
1	Worst Walgreens ever.I was new to the area and passed by this place, I had to go to the bathroom as well and figured I'd stop in here.I walked to the back and saw that the door could only be opened by an employee because there was pass code door lock.Went to the cashier, asked if I could use the bathroom.. She looked hesitant and was silent for a long period of time before I said, "I'm planning on buying stuff". She still seemed dumbfounded and couldn't give me an answer, the pharmacist who was going on break, overheard our conversation and opened the bathroom for me.Well the bathroom was disgusting and reeked of pot, I thought I was in a Cheech and Chong movie.. I wanted to die!  Not only was the smell of weed overpowering and disgusting, but I think me using a porta potty would have bad better accommodations. I'm surprised I made it out alive.. Gagging and everything.I bought my crap and booked it out of there..Horrible location.. I'm surprised my car didn't get stolen either. But really..? For the bathroom to smell of pot and it's locked with a pass code that only employees know? What's that say about your employees? They have to light one up to get through their horrible work day at walgreens? You sure are hiring some winners..Ugh.. Never going there again..
4	I only visited the pharmacy for an emergency prescription for a pet tonight but they were quick and friendly!
1	This place has horrible service!  I've been there during the day, evening and even in the middle of the night and it's always the same thing.  Long lines and slow cashier. Now I always go across the street to CVS.
1	I just got off the phone after half an hour on hold trying to ask one simple question about my prescription! This was the third time I called today. The recorded voice said there were 2 callers ahead of me at the beginning of the call. Within 5 minutes it said there was only one caller ahead of me. Noone ever picked up. I used to go to CVS but my insurance stopped using them and now I am forced to use this incredibly slow place. Every time I go to pick up a prescription there it almost always takes at least half an hour or more even if there are only one or two people in front of you. The employees don't seem to make any attempt to go faster and don't seem to care about how long they make you wait. I really need to call my insurance company and find out if I have any other choice because this place REALLY SUCKS!
