5	I LOVE this Petsmart! I shop here, adopted my cat and my dog here, use the grooming salon (well, not personally) and just really like everything about it and its employees! They really go above and beyond to help you figure out and find what you need.
4	Only place I shop for my Fur Kids food!
1	The groomers there werent very nice to my dog, hes very sweet and well behaved. When I got my cat groomed she still had loose hairs all over her. However, there hours are great! 8 am-8 pm. It cost about $65 bucks to bathe and groom my cat. More money for my dogs.
3	I've been coming here for a few years now, mainly for cat litter. The workers are very helpful,  but I had a bad experience with banfield, they over vaccination my dog and he almost died.
4	Only good experiences here for us. We adopted all 3 of our pit bulls from Benji's Rescue.The prices are good being a big box store. Some things we buy on line, but get 2/3 of our dog food here and other items. The staff is very helpful and friendly.
1	Me and my partner has been bringing our adorable dog here since she was a pup and every time it has been pleasent except for today.......... Usually one of the nice girls cleans and trims our dog's nails and never once has there been an issue, but today some guy done her grooming and when we got in the car her nails look like they were butchered and she still smells the same........just for future reference they have lost my business
5	Great location and wide variety of toys, leashes, and costumes. Seemed to have a much larger stock selection than PetsMart over at the Promenade in North Scottsdale.
3	It is really easy to pop into this location while in the area and grab a clearance toy or two for the animals. They have a huge selection of toys, food and accessories for all types of animals and of course the on site animal clinic.  It's hard for us to be convinced to buy litter or other essentials from this location with Target being right next store and usually a cheaper buy, but we definitely can find cheap toys and treats here without a problem.Overall: BEssentials can be cheaper elsewhere, but their clearance section is almost always a win!
4	Store is pretty big. Glad they do pet adoptions. Great choice for dog toys, especially Halloween costumes and Christmas toys! Good selection of cats to buy and I like how they have a grooming area. Line can be long. The store does not smell pleasant at all. It never used to smell as bad as it did when I recently went but I don't know why it smells so so bad now! Only reason why I'm not giving 5 out of 5 stars.
5	We love this grooming salon. Our babies just love going to be pampered and always come home looking great. We are there every 6-8 weeks and have never been disappointed.
