5	This is one of the cleanest, nicest studios I have ever seen. The people are very friendly and helpful. The artist are the best in town. Could not say enough good things about this place.
5	This shop is awesome!! The entire staff is so friendly and helpful. I've been going to Liz for two years now and I have never been disappointed with any of the work she has done for me. She's a very talented and professional artist and her work is truly amazing. I also had a nasal piercing done by Kendra and I must say it was absolutely painless. I was very impressed.  She did such a great job!!
5	Very clean studio with friendly staff. Their piercer, Kendra, was very professional and gave thorough instructions to care for the new piercing.  She was very informative and sweet during the entire process.  Overall a great experience!
5	Awesome shop!  Liz is absolutely AMAZING.  She is so awesome. I love every one of my tattoos from her!
1	may of been good in the past but current artist suck. missed 2 appointments for me. fight to get what i wanted with the artist who was obvious not wanting to do my tattoo. suppose to be designed when i got there it wasnt not prepared. spoke before hand what i wanted and then when i got there informed me he was out of pink. really. my 3-4 hour tattoo was told needed 2 sessions to finish. owner was rude defended artist and belive what i  said about his artist.
1	The artist was nice but didn't ask how we wanted the outline done. Neither of us prefer black outlining and the artist suggested a different color, however a black outline was used, with the other color surrounding it like a second outline.   We didn't want this and now the second color is barely noticeable. We can live with that as it can be touched up, but the major issue that we have/had is that both, not just one but both, of our tattoos got infected with MRSA (for those that don't know what MRSA is, it's bacterial infection that is resistant to most of the Penicillin antibiotics.) Before you jump to conclusions, yes we were taking proper care of our new tattoos. Because of this I have missed 3 weeks of work and would caution anyone thinking of going here to think about it for a long while and then go somewhere else. If I could give negative stars (-5) I would.
5	I just got a tattoo done by Liz. We did a tap out session. I highly recommend doing one of these sessions. It allows you to have most of the day scheduled for her to focus on your tattoo and she is a protectionist when it comes to her work. If you want a big piece this is the way to go. I love my tattoo and will be getting more done by her in the future. This shop is clean and laid back. Everyone is very friendly. They have a forever customer. Remember tap out session with Liz- go big or go home!
3	Five minute wait means  an hour. I was in the shop for a little shy of two hours for a three minute nose piercing. I asked for a nose hoop instead of a stud, but he put a stud in, so I waited for another 4o minutes. It had to be pierced again to put the hoop in. I'll give them three stars, because overall it was done, and done clean. I mean, it's just a piercing. Minus two for the FOREVER wait. I ultimately won't be back. Just be honest about the wait time. I didn't think I had enough time to go outside and have a smoke, because the front lady said it would be five minutes. So I waited, and after twenty, surely I thought I wouldn't have enough time. I would've been happy to wait, but I don't like to set expectations and become  let down.
