5	This deli is inside Binion's Horseshoe Gambling Hall in downtown Vegas.  Its on the poker room side, right outside the poker area near the steak house entry.What a GEM in the rough!!!  Its a quick snack shop with about 10 stools at the counter and a couple of tables.  Blink and you'll miss it.  But if you pass up the opportunity to eat here, you'll regret it!!!Before I moved to Vegas, I used to actually go out of my way on trips here to stop in and eat here.  OMG.  Best deli pastrami this side of Billy's in Glendale, CA.  Hands DOWN.  Side of potato salad and a pickle sliver...nothing BETTER.  My other half loves the corned beef, and the prices are really reasonable.  What do I consider a perfect meal in Vegas?  A pastrami sammie at the Shoe, and a double scoop of Lappert's banana caramel across the street at the Cal.  Yum.  Perfection.
5	Sadly, this place is now closed :(This place is easy to miss. Its just a counter with some stools near the poker room. They use quality Boar's Head meats and they have some spectacular sandwich choices. I forget the name, but they have one with horseradish in it... it stung my nose and made my eyes water but I could not get enough. The people behind the counter have always been very upbeat and accommodating.Considering all the other things I have eaten downtown (buffets included) it would be a shame if you didn't eat at least one meal here.
5	Is this you:Staying in Fremont area or work downtown and need some good grub, but you don't want McDonald's?  Walk your butt up to Binion's, and head inside to the deli with the stools.  (Not the cafe)  Great handmade sandwiches for $7.  Boar's Head fixin's, comes with potato salad and a pickle.  Thumbs up.
3	Fast food, good pricing!
3	This isn't great food, it's simply a place you hit up when you are trashed and need to fill your belly with grub so you can sober up.
4	Good food, cheap.
3	This place is right inside the casino basically on the floor.  It doesn't look like much but all of the diner classics that are served are great and cheap too.  Great burgers and sandwiches, especially at 3am.  Friendly staff knows how to deal with all comers.Good food, cheap and quick.  If you want a quick bite in Old Vegas run into Binions Casino and order a burger.  It is going to be good.  Thanks
4	Great pastrami piled high on rye, just the way we like it!  This place is tucked in a corner off the casino floor which actually makes it even better, away from all the noise and smoke.  Simple and basic but fast and tasty!  Could have used a larger portion of potato salad on the side just to balance the meat out but there was more than enough food.  Another great find with a little help from Yelp reviews!
5	Best pastrami in the world I have it on a roll. The meat is lean taste very good the service is little off but the is worth it
1	I don't ever give one star reviews but this one was a bit bothersome.We ordered a pastrami sandwich, a hot dog & a soda, but were told that we have to wait for the hot dog buns (which were on its way). Not being in a rush, we said we'd wait & got our pastrami sandwich & drink. After waiting about 15 minutes I decide to check with the person we ordered from if the hot dogs were ready. I was then told that they don't have hot dogs. Confused, I reiterated what I was told earlier about waiting for the buns but was ignored & told that they don't have either. Another worker had showed up & entered our conversation asking, "do you REALLY want a hot dog?", which to me says, "we're closing soon & we don't really want to correct what we did wrong, but I'll offer it up with a bit of sarcasm anyway".  That also pissed me off just a bit. So, I ended up eating the other half of the pastrami sandwich (which was ok, not the best pastrami ever, by any means). Had I been originally told that they were out I would have just ordered something else & not have anything to grumble about. Buuuuuut, this was not the case which caused me some major irritation.So, food is ok, service is terrible. I'd much rather go to the cafe in the Cal. At least when they're out of something they let you know instead of making you wait for nothing.
1	Service was good by Michelle but was told we could not order ribs in the cafe, what's so said they cooked it 4ft from our table for Benny's Smokin ?? Plus they have in the same menu as in cafe makes no since
