4	so everyone was talking about these carvel cakes and asking about locations. I always drive by this schlotzkys and see the little carvel sign. I had a bad experience with the beyond disgusting carvel cakes from the grocery store and pretty much decided that it was just a nasty, poor quality product. well, i got over myself and decided to try it, and oh man it was good!!! it was thicker than frozen yogurt but not as solid as ice cream and the flavors were rich. I had the small swirl in the waffle cone and it was huge! the waffle cone was not as good as cold stone but it was sweet and crunchy and still totally delicious. i am totally a fan. i will just have to stay away from the gross grocery store cakes. try it!and as far as schlotzkys? i like the original w no mustard and their pizzas.
3	I've been hearing about Carvel's Ice Cream on Yelp for a year or more so I decided to track one down in AZ as long as I'm here.  We found this one on the way back from the Public Pool near Hamilton High and stopped in to see what the buzz was about.  I cannot speak for Schlotzky's food, though it smelled good, but the Carvel's Ice Cream was fantastic.  Wonderful texture, smooth and creamy soft-serve, choices of Vanilla, Chocolate or a swirl of the two (all three of us got that) in just a cheap flat-bottom cone, a very nice snack for only a buck-fifty each.  Worth the stop.PS  I checked my receipt the next day and I was charged $1.99 each for the cones.  I will have to look into that.  It's not the money, just the principle of being charged more than what the menu board posted.  I'm knocking off a star for that but will reinstate it if there was a misunderstanding on my part.
3	The front counter girls were great, the manager is not so great under pressure. I went in to pick up a fax order that I could not confirm because they were not answering their phones. 10 orders = 30 minutes give or take even though I faxed it in 20+ minutes prior.The worst part, I got a LECTURE from the manager (perhaps owner?).  The food wasn't super, the bread isn't what it used to be and I will be sure to visit any other location but this in the future.
4	Schlotsky's is a refreshingly original take on the sandwich. Unlike most of the other sandwich shops (Subway, Quiznos), Schlotsky's is both more delicious and much more expensive. It is also completely different. I recommend the Turkey & Guac.
4	The Angus sandwich was really good. Fresh, hot and made to order. The front counter woman was pleasant, so was the manager. I look forward to going back soon.
4	Great quick lunch stop
5	I LOVE SCHLOTZKYS!  There, I said it.  I don't know why these don't outnumber Quizno's and Subway. The bread and bread choices kick butt.  Can you get sourdough at those places?  How 'bout dark rye bread?  Any rye bread?  NO!I try and stop by this or any Schlotzky's every chance I get.  I just wish there was one closer to my house (Arrowhead).
4	My favorite!! Has a drive thru as well!!!
1	I had a VERY friendly young man wait on us Tuesday the 9th of April.  But our sandwiches were like ALL BREAD??!!!, and the kid agreed.  I ordered a 3rd for my wife and I with extra meat and the damn thing had hardly any meat, I mean what an insult to your intelligence.  Our bill - are you ready for this? - was $29 for 3 sandwiches and a garbage red beans and rice soup and 1 water and 1 pop.  The meat on their sandwiches could fit in your mouth in one bite.  This is not a jab at the VERY friendly employees, they were so kind and accommodating to us (and noted the 2 of 2 high chairs had non-functioning belt buckles.)  But the sandwiches were absolute insults to you, to your pocketbook.  The sauce bottles on tables were filthy.  If some other outfit would go and steal these nice employees they'd do well.  The meat portion on a sandwich would be ideal for a 2 day old sparrow in a nest that didn't like regurgitated worms, the standard meat portion would keep the 2 day old sparrow satisfied for nearly half an hour.  If we bought just $10 of lunch meat at the grocery store it would be unreal how much we'd get.  This place is a "must-miss."  A MUST-MISS.
1	Horrible Management.  Negative attitude but the staff seem to try.  The Management hates honoring coupons and even told me that on one of my visits and they have giving me issues with my coupon's off their e-club everytime.  It is a waste of time.  I am going to switch my e-club membership to another Schlotzky's.  My little girl is disappointed everytime they have an offer and she is excited and then upset at them when we leave because they give us such a hard time about using them there.
5	I have always been a HUGE fan of Schlotzskys! I remember going often when i was a kid! The food is still good tasty today! I think the icing on the cake for me is their Sourdough bread it is as good as it gets! I have yet to find better Sourdough bread! Also the combination of their sandwiches with their hot sauce! It never disappoints! If you are looking for a good sandwich place i recommend Schlotzskys!
3	The girl behind the counter was nice.  The Cinnabon was not nearly as good as I expected.  Where was the carmelized sugar crunch and flavor? The yeasty goodness of a fresh cooked roll? The sugary crunch of the glazed icing on top?  All sadly lacking.  It was more like rolled up white bread with Karo syrup and cinnamon over and in it.  It didn't taste horrible.  It just wasn't wonderful, except for the candied pecans.  For the same price I could buy a whole bag of them.  I had a mini Cinnabon a few years ago and it was pretty good, albeit very sweet.  This one wasn't anything I'd go rushing back for.Three stars for cleanliness, friendliness and the fact that they still serve Carvel ice cream even though it isn't advertised.  If I'd known this I would've been back sooner.  I haven't been here since they changed the sign from Carvel to Cinnabon a couple of years ago.
4	I like this 'fast food' option...something different and a little healthier when you are on the go. Their original on sourdough in a favorite. I have only used the drive through, and they were fast and friendly.
5	Had the large Angus beef and cheese, was pleasantly shocked at the size of it, I've got a big appetite and it was filling for even me.  Outstanding customer service, mind numbing sandwich. Will definitely be back again.
2	I sat in the drive thru waiting for my food for 10 minutes and was not even busy.  slow service. And they gave me the wrong order.
4	Go here all the time now that I live close to one.  I always get the original on sourdough and it's always fantastic!  I've also tried the cinnamon rolls and they are delicious!  When using the drive thru the wait can be longer than normal but that's what you get for delicious food!
3	Small Santa Fe  for me, a Chicken Cordon Bleu for my son, and we're sharing a Mini Pecanbon.  Service was kinda slow for 230 pm but I noticed business picked up significantly in the drive thru about 15 minutes later.  I got some strange piece of something in my sandwich and the manager on duty sorta explained what it was and offered to make me a fresh sandwich.  I declined the remake and told her it was alright but wanted to let them know.  She was more than willing to make it right.  :-)The Cinnabon just aren't nearly as good as they were when they had them in Fiesta Mall, Smitty's (even their day old), or Chandler Mall.  Dough doesn't seem cooked thoroughly and even on the Minions you get an almost mushy center.  :-(  I suppose it's just as well cuz i don't need to be eating anymore of that stuff.  I like Schlotzskys, but so glad it isn't so close to home because I know I would get burned out on this stuff.
4	I love my Schlotzsky's. Great place to stop for lunch, awesome sandwiches.Schlotzsky' has been one of my favorite lunch spots since the 80's.
