4	Roughly translated, the Turkish word "lezzet" means "flavor" in English (thanks, Google Translate!)  Simple & straightforward, Lezzet lives up to its name.  I've only had a few--mostly Anglified--encounters with Turkish food, so I was really excited to try this place in Oakland that specializes in authentic doner kebabs.  The boyfriend & I were impressed by their mucver, a tasty, chewy fritter/pancake made with fresh zucchini, flour, & egg--great texture with a bright touch of lemon and complemented by the delicious homemade yogurt dip.  Vegetarian options are slim (it is, after all, primarily a kebab place) but our waiter was extremely patient & accommodating in pointing out the dishes.  I chose the gozleme--lavash (I think) stuffed with feta & fresh spinach, which I rounded out with delicious homemade hummus drizzled with olive oil & sprinkled generously with crushed red pepper.  BF went with the konfor mix, which turned out to be kofte baked with cheese & topped with what looked like iskender sauce & parsley.  None of our dishes disappointed us--everything was well-spiced & flavorful, & the menu had lots of homemade dishes.Unfortunately for us, Lezzet specializes mostly in lunch, so a lot of the items on the menu that we wanted to try, like the kaygana (Turkish omelettes), weren't available for dinner.  No alcohol & not BYOB, which was disappointing, but we were consoled with delicious, rich cups of Turkish coffee.  Apparently there's delivery to a limited area (basically, it seems, to the student-heavy neighborhoods surrounding Oakland), but the restaurant itself is small, pleasant, and comfortable to eat in.  The food is halal (hence, possibly, the no-BYOB policy).  As usual in this part of Oakland, parking can be a hassle at best & a Sisyphean ordeal at worst.  Now, if you'll excuse me, I have some leftover lavash and hummus waiting for me in the fridge...nomnom.
4	This seems to be one of the only places in Pittsburgh to get a doner, but that's not the only reason I'd recommend it. The food was great and service (delivery in my case) was fast. They also take credit cards, which if you're forever without cash like me, is a big plus. The hubby and I each got a doner sandwich and split a side of the tabbouleh and eggplant salad. The lamb on the sandwich was wonderfully spiced and not overly greasy. The pita bread was light and surprisingly tasty itself. Overall the toppings were good, but next time we'll ask for more sauce and some tzatziki for dipping. The eggplant salad came with warm pita slices and was cool and tangy, but it did have a bit of kick from the chili seeds. We hadn't ordered it before and it was a fun new find. Finally, the tabbouleh was awesome. Normally, I don't get overly excited about tabbouleh, but Lezzet's was packed full of flavor and was a great complement to the doners. We will definitely order from Lezzet's again for the tasty food, convenience and the price. All of our food, which was way too much to eat in one sitting, was less than $30 with deliver and tip. My wish for the future is a little better functioning website (it is difficult to pull up a menu) or maybe even online ordering - but don't let that stop you from trying their tasty doners!
