4	My friend and I just had a lovely lunch in the courtyard. The tuna nicoise salad was very good- nicely presented, fresh veggies, perfectly cooked tuna. Joe, the affable, warm and friendly young waiter was very accommodating when I asked to have one of the grilled chicken sandwiches served on a bed of salad instead of focaccia. While I would have liked more seasoning, that's just a personal preference. And the freshly brewed ice tea is very refreshing and tasty. Kathy, the owner, was very welcoming and told us all about her story, and her daughter Emily. We will definitely be coming back and bringing our husbands. A must try for a casual breakfast or lunch if you live in north Scottsdale and wondering where to go. We wish Kathy all the best in her new endeavor.
2	My wife and  I were looking forward to dinner at Emily's as it finally filled the space that was Cafe Ted, which for years was one of our all time favorites.  The only real positive was the space which was nicely done,But with an odd grouping of tables - mostly six or eight tops?To start, our server did not know anything about the menu.  My wife ordered a glass of wine, and it was the smallest pour I have seen in a restaurant.  She is a small person, but her chicken with corn and arugula was so small she headed for our fridge when we got home.  My 40 cloves of chicken was good but two chicken thighs for $22 was way over priced.  Also there was confusion with the waiter as to what else came with it. -  a small portion of bread or potatoes and beans?  When finished we asked for the desert menu and was told they had no deserts but we should look at the breakfast menu?The menu is mostly interesting, but a lot of work needs to be done with the servers, the portions and total execution.  We hope they improve to the level of Cafe Ted and we will be regulars.
5	I liked it so much I went back again. First breakfast, the fried egg sandwich with a french twist, very clever. Also, the latte was great, too. It was a great place to kick back and read a paper, enjoy the sounds of the water bubbling in the courtyard. Hey in Scottsdale, water in an anomaly! this is a great place to soak it up, no pun intended ;)Came back for lunch the next day, loved the bacon scone, had a great salad nicoise.It's a very sunny place and the staff are as well. You have to admire the entrepreneurial spirit of the owner, she has a passion from the food, the decor, and the ambience you will find in the detail. Bravo! Cafe Emily!
4	Food here is fresh and delicious. The restaurant is new so the servers are getting their bearings but if you let them know you are on a time crunch - they step it up. I think with time it will all gel. Meantime, I've had two meals here and both were excellent. Also, the decaf Americano the barrista made for me was extra yum... rich, solid, and satisfying. Our waiter, Joe, was a total delight and told me I looked like Lana Del Rey... which made my day! :) I don't care if he was shining it on... what woman doesn't want to be flirted with and feel pretty all while eating fresh, healthy food?
5	We enjoyed our lunch at Emily's, the staff is still getting their bearings, but the food was incredible!!! You can tell the owner Kathy hand selects the best products available and her attention to detail was impressive. Our party had shirmp salad, a Club sandwhich, and a Burgers, everything was spot on and delicious!!!Cant wait to try breakfast; Carrot Cake pancakes....
4	I have been to Emily's Cafe three times already in the last three weeks.  Each time it was a great experience...breakfast and lunch. The menu is terrific and the preparations are very innovative.  The staff is extremely nice and everything comes out perfect.  Can't wait to try dinner!!  I hope this restaurant is successful, as you can see that they really care to please their customers.
2	Very disappointed! Not the healthy cafe they advertise themselves to be. Hardly anything fresh on the menu. Just the same tired over cooked food, with too much white flour and sugar. I asked for the Avocado & Grapefruit Salad, since it was the only fresh item on the menu. Wanting less sugar in my diet, I asked if they could make it heavy on the avocado. Our server said, "No. That would mean we would need to open a new avocado, and we're trying not to make any mistakes in the kitchen today." Really. Even though we live across the street, and would LOVE to support a good new restaurant, we won't be back.
5	I had the "granny's chopped apple and chicken salad" and it was very good. The service was excellent. The server, Rhiannon, was very attentive and thought of things like butter (for a melt-in-your-mouth croissant) and extra napkins. The owner also came out several times to check on the diners. I saw no evidence of the other diners not being happy. The restaurant is not well-advertised out front and is located way at the back of the complex. Also, the menu is not available on-line anywhere yet. Not huge portions but fine for me for lunch. The ambiance is casual French Provencal and not at all stuffy. It felt like I was eating in someone's kitchen or cozy dining room. I spoke to a couple who had apparently eaten there before. Well worth a try.
5	Just went to Emily's for lunch. Very pleasantly surprised after reading several opening reviews from March.  The service was great with drinks to include very flavorful iced tea served almost immediately.  My spouse enjoyed the Club which was topped with avocado.  Yummy!!!  I had the Salmon BLT.  The salmon was perfectly cooked and with bacon and aioli  a great sandwich!!  The server stated that she was new on the job and was likewise concerned about the past reviews.  My observation is that this quaint cafe has much to offer!!! I would recommend without reservation.
1	Can't review the food, sadly.  Second time we have come and second time that we had to leave after not receiving any service, this time for more than 20 minutes after being seated.  The table next to us leaned over and said they had been there for 2 hours and had just received their food.  Thought maybe they had gotten the bugs worked out by now, guess not.  We won't be back for a third attempt.
5	We just visited Emily's Cafe for the second time and the food was even better than the first!   We love this place and although it is a drive will make add it to our Top 5 Favorite Restaurants in the Valley.  I enjoyed the parmesan crusted chicken with arugula & corn salad while my husband enjoyed the eggplant parmesan.  I highly recommend both.  Enjoy!
4	Visited Emily's after Saturday evening church .  Arrived around 6:30 pm and there was only one other couple in the restaurant.  We were a bit skeptical and decided to give it a go.Glad we did.  The avocado grapefruit salad was wonderful.  What a great summer salad.  Light and full of flavor.  We also partook in the caprese salad.  Fresh, flavorful,  and mouth watering.  The warm bread was soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside.  It was warm and the butter melted perfectly.  If I wasn't trying to cut back on carbs I would have asked for another.  For dinner I ordered the Parmesan crusted chicken served with greens and corn-yummy.  So much left over I brought it home and ate it for lunch the next day.  My spouse ordered the meatloaf and mash potatoes. ...wait for it...wait for it...dang it was good.  Again, so much left over we brought it home.By the time we left two more couples had arrived.  My concerns is this place is so nestled in the back of the Citadel that they may lose business.  For those that have been before and experienced poor service I hope you give it another go.  We have plans to return.Feedback for the restaurant:1- get a website, 2- expand your wine selection, 3- advertise, advertise, advertise (or find a better location).
4	We went to Emily's for brunch last Saturday. I had been wanting to check it out as it is right by our house. It's located inside the citadel which has been a ghost town since the economy took a dive. We were really excited when we saw some restaurants opening up here. Our server was very young, but sweet and attentive. She offered to have the kitchen make my 4 year old daughter Nutella pancakes which were not on the menu. They were amazing! I had the turkey avocado eggs benedict. It was good, but not life changing. My in-laws who we were dining with us said their meals were both delicious. The place is cute, but was empty. Another table was seated as we were leaving, but before that, we were the only customers. I hope they can keep the doors open. This place has promise!
5	This cute little French resturant is great. The food is exceptional. Service is right on. We have been 3 times and going again tonight. We tried   Salmon with Spinach with Lemon Buerre Blanc and also Chicken Breast with Arugula, and Roasted Corn.  Delicious both, we are sort of stuck on the salmon but hear the meatloaf it good.  I just hope they make it sort of tucked back in the Citidal on conner of Pinnacle Peek and Pema. I wish they would offer local dines or something to let people know they are there.  Love it.
4	The croque is amazing. The stuffed French toast is to die for. Have been here several times for brunch and lunch and everything has always been fresh and delicious.
5	A little piece of paradise for the senses!!! Great atmosphere, amazing fresh food, and super sweet customer service at acceptable prices!!! I never drink coffee and had a dark chocolate mocha worth breaking my 14 year coffee free streak!!! Love love love everything!!!
5	What a gem we found for lunch today!  With out of town colleagues and we were looking for a quick place to eat, we stumbled upon Emily's.  The atmosphere is tranquil and quaint, and the food was amazing!  From the chicken tortilla soup, to the Waldorf salad, to the grilled cheese sandwich (it's such an understatement to call it that), the food was fresh, delicious, different and just enough in quantity.  We will be back again and again!
5	Really high quality brunch and lunch food. We had no problem with service, but the place was pretty quiet. I recommend the lox,  the salmon BLT, and the benedict royale.
2	I should've known it was going to be a problem when I walked into the half empty restaurant on a Sunday morning and had to fight to gain eye contact with anybody that worked there to get seated.  But at that point, when you say "There are two of us", you are sorta committed to the place.  A few minutes later another person came and seated us.  This turned out to then be our waitress also.  It seems that maybe they each seat people as they desire in their sections?  Not sure.  But there were 4 people waiting tables and 11 tables with people.  So I cannot fathom how service could be so incredibly poor.  And when I say that the service was poor, please don't mis-interpret that the staff was rude or otherwise because they were not.  Everybody was fairly friendly and courteous etc...  But they just seemed to be running around aimlessly.   It became comical to a certain extent because we didn't really have anyplace else to be.  But all the tables of people seemed to be rolling eyes at one another at how long it could possibly be to get the check.  Or to order their food or even get a refill of iced tea.  There were tables that had still been left uncleaned from gosh knows how long before we arrived that were still that way after we left.  Our waitress was quick to explain that "They had been crazy" before we got there.  But for the entire hour or more that we were there all four servers were acting like they were in the midst of a "rush", but there was no crowd there.  They ran around and around once in awhile bringing food out with them or something.  I waited 15 minutes for the check after they'd taken my dates plate and left mine empty (so they knew we were done), but our waitress was somehow MIA.  I had to ask one of the other servers.I give them two stars because it wasn't entirely unpleasant.  Once again, all nice people.  But if you've gotta be somewhere...anywhere else that day make sure you think twice before hitting this place up.  Also, the food really was very good.  Almost worth the rest.  As I said to my date "I do have to admit that this is probably the best French Toast I've had in ages", because it was.  But when you spend $13 for two pieces of Toast with no sides it damned well better be the best you've ever had.  And if you want to split anything they charge $3 for that.  Who really does this anymore?  My date ordered the salmon BLT and that was $17.  So the pricing is a little outta whack for breakfast too.Anywhoo...food quite good but too expensive and the service just ridiculous.  Probably not heading back anytime soon.  Sorry guys.
5	Excellent comfort food at very pleasant family run restaurant. Went for dinner tonight. Creamy pesto penne with chicken is best Italian dish I've had in the area. Service was stellar and owners personable.
2	I must say I was excited to go to Emily's. our favorite meal out is always Sunday brunch. When we walked in the ambiance was absolutely charming, clean, and inviting.  For this, I give it both stars.  We chose a seat by the window, with a pretty view of a fountain. That's where the good part ends. When we ordered mimosas to start the server informed us the have pomegranate fruity ones. No problem, I love a good mimosa. When it was delivered it seriously tasted like a very rich fruit juice. I asked her to please top my glass off with champagne and she brought me less than an ounce in a flute. Totally ripped off on the   My husband ordered an omelet and  I ordered the eggs Benedict, potatoes crispy. I emphasized CRISPY!  When the food was delivered our potatoes must've been soaked in olive oil before cooking. They were soggy but flavorful, albeit super fattening.   My Benedict had a slice of tomato between the Canadian bacon and the muffin so my muffin was totally soggy!  My husband said his omelet was ok but no where near as good as all the other places around. I'm surprised because they are located across the street to our favorite breakfast place (The General Store) which has great quality food at a good price. Ok, so back to the final check!  It came to $49!  Those mimosas with little to no champagne cost $10 each!!  If I had know that I would not have ordered. I would only pay that much if they were unlimited. We will definitely NOT be back!
5	Parmesan crusted chicken is my favorite. We have awesome time when we go out. We got invited there by Viktoria and needed to give it 5 stars all the way!!:))
4	Very cute place!!  Went for brunch on a Saturday. French toast is delicious!  I got an omelet which was also great!  I hope it stays in business. We were the only ones there.
4	The food is  quite good and true to home style cooking.  Very friendly good service
5	This is one of our favorite local spots! Don't let the negative reviews deter you. We have breakfast here at least once a month and have always received good service, so whatever kinks there may have been at one point have all been worked out. The people who own the restaurant are incredibly friendly and nice as are the staff. Not to mention a great French cafe ambience. But enough about service and ambience, the test of a good restaurant is really the FOOD. And the food here is always delicious. We've tried practically everything on the menu, and it's safe to say it's all good. A couple of the true highlights are the eggs benedict and salmon BLT - some of the best in the valley! So go give Emily's a chance! Not just for your own enjoyment but to help keep this great local spot open because it's in a really tough location and needs more customers!
5	Service and food was amazing. This is a hidden gem!!!! The French toast is delicious. Do not pass this place up!!!!!
5	Emily's is actually in the complex I work at so it's very handy. The food is always so good and fresh. If you need anything special they can most likely make it for you. I've had many different items on the menu from the Salmon BLT, Grilled Cheese to the Ahi Tuna salad. You cannot go wrong with anything here!!!
