1	i'm not in love with this chain, and this location in particular is pretty bad.usually dried up or slightly brown lettuce, dirty floors, etc. when you go out specifially for fresh salads, it's just the last thing you want to be surrounded by, i guess.i lived in an apartment in the same complex as this one for a year and literally went there one time.
4	in california, sweet tomatoes are souplantations.  i wanted to eat here just because i've only eaten at souplanations, and i love them.  the location is in a good area.  plenty of parking and seating.  the two lines of the salad bar were well stocked, fresh mixed salads.  the iceburg was crisp, very little brown bits.  the other veggies looked fresh, though i don't like most of them.  there was an abundance of most everything.  they kept everything well stocked for being lunch time.during april, they have a bunch of lemon stuff.  the lemon cream pasta is so good.  so refreshing and simple.the major disappointment was their sourdough bread.  had the consistency and taste of dense french bread.  not the normal sourdough bread they usually have.  they were also stored on the side of the buffet line, not kept warm.  so it was just a complete let down.great customer service.  they stopped by more often than the ones i am used to and they ask how you are doing.  it was nice.
3	The regular food is, well... okay. But frankly, for the same money you can go to the store and get the salad fixings you like, and it will last you a week.HOWEVER, you have to go in on Sunday mornings. Great breakfest buffet. I especially like this because I don't like cooking breakfast. I'm tired and I'm hungry - who wants to mix waffle batter half asleep?But I am saying it's bad for kids so you leave them at home. I hate children, and I hate yours more. Buy them a cage before you go out to places I suggest!
3	Here's what my receipt says:===================SWEET TOMATOES* SALAD * SOUPS * BAKERY10/3/08 12:03 PM00000001#8427    **01LUNCH  $8.19TAX $.66TOTAL $8.85===================As you can see, it says nothing that any Yelper would like to know, except for the cost of lunch. What was lunch? I went with the salad - just the salad - from the gigantic salad bar. No drink. Only water. So to me, that's one expensive salad. Sure, they have plenty to pile high on your plate, but I left feeling that I could make the very same salad for 1/2 the cost. Also, if you're in line in front of regulars on the lunch rush, be prepared to have your personal space invaded. If you're not moving fast enough, they will likely just push you forward with their own trays. Seriously. I think I managed to throw together a pretty decent salad, but the fear of the lady with the big-lady-bag scared me to the register. I have no reason to go back.
2	I gave a review to the Camelback location (3-Stars), so I won't re-do it here.  The problem with this one is that it gets a big crowd on weekdays at lunchtime & it's laid out such that there's a big traffic jam trying to get at the food!  They need a new floor plan.  In the meantime, I'll skip this one.
3	Good food, but $11.50 for a salad and a drink?  I ended up only getting water..  Should have got $2.50 back..  Still..Everything was good and seemed fresh.  Tried 2 soups, both of the current vegetarian ones.  I enjoyed them.  I guess the concept of the buffet is that people will come in and make 12 trips and eat everything..  If you only want 1 salad trip, a cup of soup, and a drink, go elsewhere.  Not worth the price at all.That said, I knew all of that going in, and went anyways..  So I give myself 2 stars for going in and having the nerve to complain.  I did make a hella good salad, so I feel my 2 stars are well deserved.
4	The wife and I have gone here several times in the evening when we want a simple, casual and easy meal and we don't have the time to cook or feel like it. Getting coupons in the mail or through the Sweet Tomatoes club definitely makes coming here more attractive-buy 1 meal, get 1 free . Hard to beat a meal for two for around $10. The food has always been fresh with a wide variety of options to place on your lettuce. There are usually about 5 choices of soup/chili.  The Chinese Chicken salad is always a good option.  I enjoy the blueberry muffins.We went here the other night and were treated to a pretty good strawberry and apple cobbler. In the past, we went when the dessert was carrott cake and that was very good.The self serve ice cream is always a nice touch or to use and make a root beer float.This location is usually busy, the couple of times we've gone  but not too loud.  We've only gone on Sunday evening and mid week though.
4	Out of all the different locations of buffets like Sweet Tomatoes, Souper Salad, and Cici's, this is my favorite.The food here is always fresh and tasty, while others can have a general theme of bland. I mean, we all know buffets are the best because when you don't know what you want, they have everything (salad with every topping imaginable, six different soups, pizza, pasta, mac and cheese, ica cream, and much more).At about $10 for the food and $2 for a drink, the price is a little more than I would hope for. But as I said before, they have EVERYTHING and you can literally get as much of it as you would like. While I usually hit up Sweet Tomatoes for a large amount of decent food, I imagine it would laso be great for students with home work (I don't think there's a time limit or anything) or friends/family with children.
3	I've been to this location a couple years ago and would have given it 4 stars.Here's why they've lost a star during my last visit:Selection has dwindled (no clam chowder, no cherry tomatoes, less hot food choices)The hot foods they did have were bland, not as flavorful as the Souplantation I usually go to.Sweet Tomatoes, stock up on those sweet cherry tomatoes!
2	Sweet Tomatoes is kind of hit and miss with me. This location in particular I do not care for. The food is mediocre and for paying over $10 for a meal it is not acceptable. On one visit here  there was a long strand of hair resting in my salad, not such a fan of having hair in my food. Anyways, save some money and don't go to this overpriced salad bar with average food.
4	it's all about the two-fer and it's the only buffet i can go to without feeling guilty afterward... even with dessert - soft serve frozen yogurt! =D
3	I love the desserts and their breads.. :)
4	To be honest I wasn't expecting much from this place. The thought of it didn't really appeal to me...boy was I wrong! I think you have to be in the right mood for this place, but when you are it really hits the spot. I love the self serve salad bar. There are tons of different toppings for your salad...basically anything and everything. The hot foods stations are great also. I love how they have multiple selections of soups(chili is great topped with some green onions and cheese!) muffins, and also pizza like breads. There really is something here for everyone. I also really love how they have quite a bit of dessert to choose from. The ice cream station is fantastic and they even have different toppings besides the standard sprinkles, such as cookie dough bits and chocolate and caramel syrup. You won't leave this place hungry!
4	This is a great buffet to go to in the summer when you are sweating and overheated from being out in the 115 degree heat.  The salads are fresh, flavorful, and there's a lot of variety to choose from, including a make your own salad area with lots of toppings and dressing to choose from.  There is also a pasta bar, focaccia bread section, soup area, baked potato (russet and sweet potato) with various butters and margarines, a hot dessert for dinner (usually some type of fruit cobbler), warm muffins and cornbread, fresh fruit, jello, and soft serve ice cream with ice cream toppings.  I will generally try a little bit of everything and from my experiences here my favorite items that are year-round are the Asian chicken salad, the chicken noodle soup, and the blueberry muffins.  The pasta I've noticed tends to be slightly overcooked and very bland, so I usually stay clear or get just a small amount of it.  On Sundays they are also open for breakfast, which has cold breakfast items such as granola and yogurt, hot items such as breakfast meat with egg scramble and French toast, with most of the usual lunch items for you to choose from additionally.  If you get a fountain drink, there is a lot of drink selection to choose from too- hot and ice tea, juices, regular and strawberry lemonade, soda, and coffee if you are there for breakfast.All in all, this is one of my favorite buffets since it provides a wide selection of fresh foods that I will generally never get tired of eating.
3	spontaneous visit during the summer with two other friends. My main concern with this location is the fact that the salad bar, soup bar, hot foods corner were a lot smaller than the soup plantation in LA I always go to. The food was good regardless, had a good time being fat sitting in one of the comfy booths they have. We sat right by the food for easy access heheParking is widely available, huge lot.
2	Totally average experience, the only saving grace was the soup. The buffet had a bunch of wilted lettuce with soggy croutons when we went there for dinner. They did have croutons separately towards the end of the counter, so I didn't understand why they had to put them into the ceasar salad in the first place! I took the egg salad, the croutons and lettuce and some cherry tomatoes and cucumber slices. I hunted in vain for some grilled chicken or prawn toppings, but there was none. The seating area was good though...spacious, with comfortable bench chairs. I liked the bread and soups waaaay better than the salads. They had garlic bread and an assortment of soups including chilli soup, french onion soup, clam chowder and tomato soup. Opposite the soup counter they have a small frozen yogurt vending machine. All in all, an overpriced eating experience, and I wasn't even satisfied with what I got. I don't think I am coming back here unless someone else is paying :P
5	Life's question to people who eat at Souper Salad: Why? Why would you punish yourself with a crappy salad bar when you could spoil yourself by eating at Sweet Tomatoes? Ohhhhh my gosh! Sweet tomatoes: and endless ocean of comfort foods, all you can eat for a low price. Sounds too good to be true doesn't it? I've been eating here since I was a little kid, not at this one specifically but at this chain. It is called Souplantation in California. A huge line of salad goodies (a ton of yummy treats, too many to name), usually 6-8 different soups, potato bar, pasta bar, bread bar, muffin/dessert bar, fruit/jello etc..., and a soft serve bar. Not to mention they have a pretty great beverage selection. It's hard to not overeat here but I never feel guilty since I eat so many veggies while I'm here. Beware if you go at 6, this place gets rocking for dinner. If you're lucky, you'll be there while they walk around with hot chocolate chip cookies. Bottom line. You like choices, you like salad bars? Eat here. :-)
5	I really love all the Sweet Tomatoes that i  have ever been to in the valley. This one even has a few extras. Incredibly clean like all the others. They kitchen is wide open behind glass so  you can see just how clean it is.  The food selection is wonderful and everything is always fresh! Plenty of parking in the giant parking lot. You can even sit outside if you can stand the heat. Well, for the extra added touch.... there is a pond outside filled with fish, turtles and ducks. You can bring some food with you(Bread has no nutritional value for animals), and feed the animals either before or after you feed yourself. Kids absolutely love it! So do i!  Also they always have coupons which save a lot of $$$ as well.
5	Love the food, friendly staff! Ask for Carlos as your server and you will be well taken care of! :)
3	Not bad but not my first choice of restaurants. If you're in the mood for buffet-style salad, vegetables, and soup then come here. But this is not a place you come to if you're wanting meat. FYI: Lunch buffet is about $7 without a drink.
1	Did I really just pay twenty eight bucks for two small plates of lettuce and two small sodas? Yes I did. And I feel mighty ashamed. Throw in terrible, bleak, sick looking decorations while I eat my thirteen dollar salad and I feel even worse. And add another two dollars if you want chicken on that already pricey salad. I don't know, maybe if you're a slob who takes a dozen trips to the buffet it could be worth it, but I just wanted a salad. I am not a fan.
4	I do dig the buffet here. Printed out coupons from signing up on their e-mailing list and knocked a few bucks off the price. Then proceeded to try a bit of everything, which feels a little guilt-free since the main buffet line is all salads.You may notice the absence of bacon bits whilst assembling your salad goodies on the main drag of this buffet experience. A little hint... they're in the dining area at the baked potato bar, once you get through the cashier checkpoint. The real Sweet Tomatoes pros know how to navigate the restaurant as if it were Def Leppard's under-the-stage den of debauchery during a live guitar solo. Oops... I've said too much! Or I've been watching too much of VH1's Behind the Music and not concentrating on my salad snarfing. Crunch!
3	Now I like a good salad. And I like it even better when you put a whole bunch of fresh veggie ingredients in front of me and let me select the ones I feel like having today. So on a scale of 1-10, I would say that Sweet Tomatoes gets about an eight. Why only an eight? Because today I actually looked at my receipt when I pulled it out of my purse and before I threw it away. The salad at Sweet Tomatoes is not cheap; nor too expensive . . . but, oh my goodness, I nearly had a heart attack when I saw that I paid $2.39 for a little dinky glass filled with ice cubes and about 4 oz of tea. Yes, I could have returned to the drink dispenser and refilled my glass a half dozen times until I had consumed $2.39 worth of tea. But, $2.39? . . .  at what is a glorified fast food salad bar? Next time I will be drinking water . . . unless they start charging me for that too.
2	You know in the past I would have raved about Sweet Tomatoes but it is fast loosing my thumbs up! This is the 3rd time I've been to it and it has not had my favorite soup, Clam Chowder.  Also, their selection for their sides has diminished as well.  Today I even had to ask for butter, they asked what kind and then brought it out from the refrigerator and let me take one then put it back! What's with that? You have to ask for the butter now? We also tried the pineapple upside down cake, eh so, so!  I just to love this place now it's moving way down on my list!  It's still a great value for what you get, just needs to improve their selection for the sides and PLEASE BRING BACK THE CLAM CHOWDER!
3	Sign up for the ClubVeg coupons. That's the only way this place is a value... Cuz seriously.. WHERE'S THE BEEF? :)  Four stars for the salad bar itself. I've yet to encounter any of the freshness issues.. in fact, everything I've had has been super fresh! Most of their prepared salads are downright tasty, especially the Chicken Won Ton Salad.. a classic! As for the soups, and hot foods, 2 stars, on their best day.  Their soups just aren't that great, and I've tried just about each one... Today the featured soup was lemon orzo and it was absolutely inedible.. Their chicken noodle, is decent, and so is their potato soup, most of the time.. just don't be surprised if you get raw potatoes sometimes. Not uncommon.  They've got a nice selection of carb-tastic breads/pizza type things, which aren't what I'm really there for.. If you're going here to eat healthy, you may as well avoid the hot foods all together. All things considered, the full dinner price, with drink is a bit over $13.00.. The Casino Arizona buffets aren't much more expensive, and neither are the top Asian buffets in the valley. Finally, this place is CRAWLING with some of the most insufferable brats suburbia can offer.
5	Fresh food, always good. Their themes usually impress. More impressive however, is the super friendly service.
3	Who doesnt like a BIG salad with lots of stuff?
5	I love LOVE this buffet because it is ALWAYS clean and I never feel gross after stuffing myself because it is a salad buffet. I am addicted to their chicken noodle soup, I seriously cannot get enough. I recommend grabbing a blueberry muffin and asking the guy behind the counter for the honey whipped butter (they don't leave it out anymore). Together the two are sinful!
5	It has probaly been a year since i have been here. It is always very clean.  We had coupons that came in the mail. So we came here for dinner.        The price has really gone up, but that is just the way it is every where. Food is exspensive. Salads are really great and fresh,though now they are charging for extras on the salad,something that they never did before. Soup was excellant/ There is always a good selection. Lots of parking and when it cools down you can eat outside.
5	Everything about this place is to love. The food is excellant! The kitchen is spotlessly clean. You can see it behind the glass when you walk in.                                            Lots of parking, Outside seating if you so desire. A cool little pond behind the restaurant with animals. We came here again the other night. We come here a lot. Love it and very healthy. I don't care too much for the extra charge for certain toppings. However, the food is always good and always freash.
2	I wish I didn't feel the need to write this review in as much as I used to love this place. But things have changed; the quality of thier soups and "pizza" (bread really) has dropped considerably, and the last time I went there I got food poisoning. The salads are still good (or this review would be a one star), and the staff is still friendly, but the muffins are hit are miss and honestly, the soups taste like they came out of a can (or worse).
4	First time at this location.  Very cool laid back environment.  I LOVE that they did a gazillion free chocolate chip cookie runs throughout the restaurant while we were there!  And Sweet Tomatoes chocolate chip cookies are some of the best I've ever had.  My friends and I stayed quite a while here.  Great place to study and just chillax.  Really nice staff.  Make sure to check your weekly flyer for coupons!
3	Love the selection. They didn't used to have meats, they now have a small selection of meats. I know it's called Sweet Tomatoes, but hey, I'm an omnivore. Love the clam chowder. They have Hi-C at the self-serve drink station. My husband loves to get his Hi-C when he has a chance. They've expanded on Mexican food. For ice cream, they only have a choice of vanilla and chocolate. I'm giving it 3 stars on account that whoever the bonehead CEO is decided to raise the prices recently when it could have been kept more affordable.
3	I have been to sweet tomatoes many times and to this particular location twice. I think this place needs more of a pro and con list kind of set up...so here it goes....Pros:salad is usually freshGood caesar saladGood balsamic dressingnice selection of soupsSweet potatoes!Cons:-The soups aren't always very good... I think the best one that I've had is the albondigas while today I had the chicken stew which was too salty and the veggies weren't cooked enough.-The pasta is generally over cooked-The desserts are pretty meh-The breakfast is also very meh.... for example, the oatmeal is watery, the eggs are flavorless, and some combinations are really odd (today they had mediterranean pasta with scrambled egg in it...weird...)So I will probably come back here again for lunch/dinner (not breakfast...ugh) due to the convenience factor and the fact that they send me coupons all the time, but I would definitely not pay full price....
4	This has got to be one of my favorite places to eat for a few reasons.  1. I don't have to wait to eat.  2. The buffet is always stocked and fresh.  3. Health, health, health.  I look forward to it when I have the chance especially if I'm feeling guilty about eating pizza and hot wings with extra ranch dressing the night before.  The parking at this one is great and there is also patio seating.
5	For salad buffet, try-a-little-bit-of-this-and-that kind of place...A++.  The salad choices are great (and super fresh), the 3 soups I tried were great, and the selection of sides and drinks were abundant.  I really wish we had these in Virginia!
4	My hubby and I are all about buffets, so when we found this all-you-can-eat SALAD buffet we thought we'd try it out to be healthy.Everything is very FRESH. Mon-Wed they have a 2 for $20 dinner meal which is a great price! They even allow the ''premium toppings'' like tofu & grilled chicken which normally costs $2 extra per plate. Once you walk in, you're not really greeted but the salad line automatically starts. It starts off with some pre-made salads but then you can continue the line and make your own with your own toppings. There's a hot station that includes 4-5 different soups and some breads (just okay not fabulous).They have a delicious berry tea drink that is seasonal but their strawberry lemonade was too sweet/sugary for me.
3	It always starts out great here but seems to gradually slide downhill after the first few bites.Most salad options look fairly good and I think I have been lucky in my selection.There area also other cold salads on the bar. Tuna Noodle Salad of some type typically is one I'll try but on this visit is was soupy and just blech.  I couldn't even have a second bite.The soup selection on the day we visited was good, but I guess I'm one that just likes soup.  I had the Chicken Enchilada on that day.  Lots of good flavor but I don't think I even had a bite of chicken.  Also tried the Chili but it was more beans than anything.  I mean every bite was a spoon full of beans.  My husband and sons theory is that I need to laddle a serving up from the middle of the pot and refrain from stirring the soup first. I wasn't going to serve up another bowl to find out.Dessert is always a must even if it's just a bite of something sweet to end the meal.On this occasion they had Red Velvet Cake with a cream cheese icing.  Looked appealing, well except for what it begins to look like after a couple dozen people attempt to serve thierself from a dish set under a hot lamp.Oh yeah, and it doesn't help that they provide a long handled SPOON to cut and serve yourself a piece of cake.  C'mon staff, even one of those pizza servers would be 100 times better than a SPOON!One bite of the RVC and some vanilla soft serve was more than enough.We come every few months cuz that's more than enough for us.  If you miss out on the Mon-Wed deal as another reviewer mentioned, I suggest you do a search online for coupons.  You might be surprised what you find.
4	I'm going to be honest, I'll probably be a fan of any buffet.  I like customizing my salad (where would I be able to order one with hard boiled eggs, corn, bell peppers and one cucumber slice?) and getting a random assortment of hot food.  I love the variety a buffet offers, and if I'm hungry enough, it's a great value.  I won't kid myself that this is a healthier option than other buffets, because did I mention I smother the above salad in ranch?  And that the assortment of hot food is macaroni, pizza, corn bread and a cookie?The only complaint I've had at this particular location is that we must have arrived at the very end of their dinner rush... the "please wait to be seated" sign was still up, but nobody had any intention of seating us.  Or acknowledging our questions and pleas for help.  Finally, a manager said that they could switch to "seat yourselves" dining and someone flipped the sign.
3	Good salad options. It is definitely tough to mess up lettuce and veggies.  As for the rest of the selection, we must have just come on a bad night. The pasta was overcooked and mushy, not even close to al dente.  Fresh fruit selection consisted of only 3 fruits, not exactly a vast selection.  If you want a good salad, definitely the place to go.
5	I don't understand why it only gets a 3.5 star in general reviews because I have become a HUGE SWEET TOMATOES FAN of the Tempe location in a matter of 3 months.Before I moved to Tempe, I knew about Sweet Tomatoes only because it was my vegan friend's shrine and she suggested a double date there one time. Well, at that time, I visualized this place as a buffet with unappetizing lettuce leafs and drippy salad dressing, like the salad bar in a university cafeteria that I never visited. Given that I was generally skeptical of my vegetarian friend's recommendation and particularly skeptical of how good soup-and-salad can possibly be, the idea of a double date there was ... kind of out of the question.Now I have the good fortune of living really close to a Sweet Tomatoes. Now I want to go there all the time, whether it is a single, double, triple, quadruple, or quintuple dates!Things I love about Sweet Tomatoes:1) Seasonally changing menu. The menu features the freshest ingredients in season and the low price reflects that. Last month I experienced an Asian-inspired buffet, and this week is a potato-fest. I like surprises!2) Amazing salads. I would have to spend 7~10 bucks on some bland, refrigerated boxed salad from places close to where I work. But why get that if I can build my own delicious salad, for almost the same price (plus other amazing goodies)? The dressing, by the way, is the reason why I don't attempt to make my own salad at home. 3) Warm, yummy cornbread and muffins. In restaurants serving good bread, I would finish a whole basket of complimentary bread before my entree. Yes, I am a carb snob and in desperate need of portion control when it comes to carbs. Here, I love the selection of mini-bite, fresh-out-of-the-oven cornbread, orange/cranberry muffins, chocolate brownies, and blueberry muffins. The are the perfect size, and give me a warm and fuzzy feeling inside.4) Homemade soups. I love all the Sweet Tomatoe chicken soups: the clear-broth chunky chicken noodle soup, and the creamy chicken wild rice soup. I tried the curry lentil soup and I remember it made me very happy. The soup selection changes every time I go but I think the chunky chicken noodle soup is a staple.5) Helpful, friendly staff. People are super friendly there. They would walk around and give out a plate of warm and gooey chocolate-chip cookies to tables where people almost finish with their meal. The staff not just smile to you, but also talk to you. Each food item is labeled clearly with a description of the ingredients, but apparently I can ask for recipes as well!*A side note: the staff really care about food hygiene. I noticed one time the lady filling the salad bar had some mushrooms fell outside the tray. She didn't put them  back (even though there were literally on the verge of the salad tray) but threw them away. It is really basic, but I don't think all restaurants have trained their employees to do that.6) Kid-friendly environment. I always lament the fact that kids don't eat their vegetables. To get them to eat veggies, you probably have to wrap a celery stick in bacon, put on a buttermilk batter, and deep fry it in butter. I think Sweet Tomatoes is helping to change our food culture. I am very proud of the kids I have seen at the Sweet Tomatoes who eat a hearty serving of vegetables before digging into the frozen yogurt!Maybe I am writing an unnecessarily long review. But I think this place deserves more applause! True, it is not on your Micheline star guide, not the one-of-a-kind neighborhood gem, never featured on Man v. Food or Triple D, and surely not where you would call for an anniversary dinner reservation. It is simple, fresh, lovely, inexpensive, and best of all, in moderation. This is where I would go for a weekend brunch when I don't want greasiness and excessiveness in my system.
4	Great selection of salad, soup, and breads. I love the wonton chinese salad the best and they always have a new pre-made salad every few weeks which are usually good. The blueberry muffins with the honey butter are my favorite. No trip to sweet tomatoes would be complete however without a dish of soft serve frozen yogurt at the end! The ingredients are always fresh on the salad bar, the dressings always have at least 8+ choices, and there is usually some fruit as well. If you sign up for their "club veg" emails, there are coupons every week for lunch and dinner. I always feel like I am making a "healthy" better choice for eating out when I come here.
3	Sweet Tomatoes... I feel betrayed.  I've been a longtime fan of Sweet Tomatoes for years, and ate at this location and other locations in different states.  I always enjoyed their endless salad, soup, starches, and dessert, and was skeptical of the new "Field Kitchen" experience.  We went here yesterday and saw that they remodeled the whole kitchen to serve an a la carte menu only.  Prices for entrees ranged from around 8-11 dollars, and they included more meat options, such as rotisserie chicken, and steak and shrimp skewers.  Such a drastic change in their business model is a risky gamble, since the Sweet Tomatoes experience is so well-engrained in longtime customer's heads such as mine.  Part of the experience that I so enjoyed about this restaurant chain was that I could get a little bit of everything, and mix and match things as I wanted to.  I also loved their pre-made salads such as the tarragon tuna and the wonton chicken salad, and now they are gone from the menu.  The closest thing they have to the previous buffet is a make your own salad with one cup of soup and unlimited soft serve.  The price is cheaper ($7.99) and the portion of salad that you will ultimately make is quite large, but for me the best part of Sweet Tomatoes was getting a little bit of each pre-made salad, starch, and soup rather than making a huge salad made with all the same ingredients.  Another thing that was weird was that at the end of the salad line, there were no free range dressings, although you could pick out your own toppings and greens for your salad.  There is someone at the kitchen counter that actually gets your desired dressing out for you and pours it over your salad.  I foresee that this might cause some problems as the salad line gets backed up because only one person can pour your dressing for you vs. being allowed to choose and pour your own dressing.Now, I have to admit, since changing over to an a la carte menu, the food has improved in taste, although the prices are a bit high for some items. For instance, my husband had the steak wedge salad ($9.99).  The salad portion was fairly big since it was a wedge of iceberg lettuce, but the 2 skewers of beef were small, and already precooked so they tasted like they had been sitting out for some time.  If they grilled the skewers right in front of you, that would make the high price more explainable, but for me, it didn't seem like a good deal for what you got.  As for the new paying system, you will be given a card, and whenever you order an item an associate will swipe your card to add charges to it.  Once you are done, you pay at one of the two cashier's booths.  Tip is automatically included at 7.5%, which I thought was weird.  I would actually tip more money than that when I ate here before the takeover took place, but maybe others didn't tip at all.  So, I am still skeptical of this new eating experience.  Will I eat at a "Field Kitchen" again?  I'm not so sure.  This restaurant made a trade off in getting rid of their buffet and replacing it with slightly better tasting food, and their concept is still fresh tasting fare, but for me some of that magic is lost.
4	i was hesitant about the change but gave it a shot. you can still do the "make your own salad" bar with some soups and the same mac n cheese they used to have. but you can also do a fancy-pants salad. i got the california cobb. they mixed it and it didnt get served with those cool stripes of ingredients . . . but it did have this awesome chunky shredded turkey that they now roast on site. honestly tasted like really good thanksgiving turkey when you eat it the next day. and this salad was, i think, cheaper than the old sweet tomatoes salad bar. didnt get to try any deserts though. biggest complaint was that i wish they woulda given me an actual cup for water, not some rinky-dink 6oz plastic thing.
1	we went to STFK for the first and unfortunately the last time tonight. I'm not sure if they hired an outside company to come up with this concept or they thought of it internally, but they can save a ton of money by NOT remodeling the remaining stores, and will stop losing long time customers like us.  I always finished up with their chili, but now it's an additional $3.49, and no more hot chocolate chip cookies. BTW, no more coupons either, so it's time to look for another place to have a healthy meal...
1	I like the new look but hate the confusing new set up. It's all, "I'm a buffet, but nope no I'm not!" Ordered the 1/4 white chicken with mashed potatoes & bacon & onion Mac & cheese. Comes with complimentary bread. Chicken was good and moist. Mashed potatoes have no taste and Mac & cheese is dry without the slightest taste of cheese! Tried the cornbread which is so dry it literally leaves a gritty residue in your mouth. The focaccia bread is on the oily side and the batch we got was way overloaded with rosemary. Also got the fettuccine pomodoro which is cooked fresh to order and wasn't bad but definitely nothing I'd order again. I like the new look but definitely not the new food.
3	Sweet Tomatoes.  What the heck.  The new Field Kitchen concept is "ok".  It needs some tweaking!  The biggest problem I think I had was that I wasn't expecting it.  If I return knowing what I am getting into, I'd probably enjoy it more.  We went in there hoping for a lot of food for not a lot of cash.. but alas, Sweet Tomatoes has gone a la carte.The first station is salad: you can get a specialty salad or make-your-own.  The make-your-own version is comparable to what we went in for.  At the end, you get the option to add meat, skewers, etc for another couple dollars.  The make-your-own salad comes with a bowl for soup (or macaroni.. because that's a soup) and a waffle cone for soft-serve ice cream later.  Swipe your little FK credit card.Next station is bread and sides.  The bread is free, whew.  Every other side is priced individually.  We got samples during our preliminary tour... they were good.  I'll tell you, if bread hadn't been included, we'd have staged a revolution.  If you want some pasta or other side... swipe the FK CC.The last station is beverages, where you can get a fountain drink with free refills, or a special juice, or a bottled beverage.  Swipe that card.If you want dessert beyond the ice cream (IF you got it included with your make-your-own salad) you can return to that station for a cookie, cheesecake, etc.  Swipe!After you eat, you give your little card to a cashier and pay.  You cannot leave the restaurant without a card.  I'm not gonna lie, that creeps me out.Sooo quality of the food: Salad was comparable to before, but there were no mixed greens?  Either spinach or iceberg.  Not my fav.  Macaroni and cheese has gone downhill.  As I mentioned, the samples we tried were good, but I declined purchasing more food.  Concept: Interesting.  The biggest flaw was that each station had only a small counter for resting one's tray, so in addition to carrying that tray to and fro, one must also stand and hold it as they wait their turn to swipe the FK card.  Too much tray holding.  I liked when I could put it down, slide once, carry once, and we're done.Price: For a comparable meal, price is just slightly higher, I think, than it was.  If you give in to all the up-selling, I imagine you could spend quite a lot pretty easily.Service: Great, actually!  I think they about tripled their staff.  There was someone around every turn ready to help.  I can only imagine the rigorous training they'd just been through, and they were at attention the whole time.  We'll give that a few months and see if it sticks.
4	This location is now "Field Kitchen," and me and the hubby were very hesitant about staying. After a manager got us to sample some of their fresh chicken however, we ended up staying out of good faith. It was a great idea and the food was just lovely...Their take is more modern, portions bigger per a la carte' and they now carry meat and a wide array of other alcoholic and non-alcoholic infused beverages. Overall, very good changes I'm seeing on the horizon. P.S., with the $7.99 build your own salad & sides, me and hubby paid around $5 dollars less for everything we usually want ;)
4	Sweet Tomatoes has seen the light and converted back to its original concept! Today was the grand reopening of this location after months of being Field Kitchen. The menu is for the most part, the same as it was before the Field Kitchen conversion, but the interior still holds the swanky bistro feel. The dinnerware also has the same nice cups, plates, and bowls that Field Kitchen had. We went for lunch, where they had some staff outside entering people for a raffle for 52 free meals. They were very friendly and very eager to make sure this new, yet familiar experience would be good for all the customers.Your old standard dishes are back, such as the tuna tarragon and the broccoli salad, although the wonton salad is now chicken-less (At least for this month). There seems to be slightly less of a selection of toppings for your salad, to be replaced be more dressing options (Including some unique ones like smokey bacon and mango basil). As a throwback to the previous Field Kitchen days, they do offer some a la carte skewers of rosemary chicken, and fresh mozzarella with tomato for a little over a dollar. Since they nixed the fresh fruit bar during the Field Kitchen experiment, they had to move the puddings, mousses, and fresh fruit into a smallish corner of the salad bar portion of the restaurant.The drink station is pretty awesome. There's an automated soda machine with a touch screen that has a plethora of soda and water choices with various flavor additions if you so desire. They have an increased selection of diet sodas, such as diet Seagram's ginger ale (With various flavor additions like lime), and diet Barq's (There's an option for regular diet, or vanilla diet, very cool!). There's a nice selection of teas, including a very tasty mango ginger tea, as well as various regular and strawberry lemonades.The soups seem to be the same quality and quantity. In addition to the standard chicken noodle soup, they had at least 2 different chilis, a tomato soup, and a rich and hearty posole with big chunks of pork in it, just to name a few. The bakery selection is limited on the muffin side, although they have the same pizzas and focaccias as they did before. When we went they only had brownies and blueberry muffins available. These muffins are huge compared to the usual sized Sweet Tomatoes muffins, about twice the size of the previous mini-muffins.The pasta section was probably the most improved since the transition back to Sweet Tomatoes. The pasta was nicely cooked, and I was a big fan of the spicy marinara. It had lots of spicy kick, and a nice rich tomato flavor. The mac and cheese seems to have improved as well.I didn't try any of the soft serve, but they still had the standard vanilla/chocolate combo, with the various toppings and sauces to go with it.Service was cheerful and friendly as always. After we paid, we got a 15% off coupon to use for the whole month of April. Nice!There are a lot of good options for restaurants in this area now, with the opening of Spokes, the reopening of Sweet Tomatoes, and the highly anticipated opening of Los Reyes De La Torta. I'm glad Sweet Tomatoes is back to its original concept, and will be dining here again with frequency!Weekend lunch: $8.99 per personFountain drinks: $2.39, unlimited refills
5	We returned to Sweet Tomatoes for the first time since the STFK remodel.  fortunately they changed back to the Sweet Tomatoes they once were and it was great.  Thanks for listening ST.   Actually some of the remodel is carried over to the redo and it actually is better then before...
5	Tip : You can use the coupon from your smartphone.  1. Go to Spoofee.com2. Click "Coupons"3. Click "Sweet Tomatoes"  4. Show the coupon on your phone at the cash registerIf you are home or at the office, you can print a coupon here http://www.spoofee.com/coupons/Sweet_Tomatoes-coupon-promo-codes.php
5	Sweet Tomatoes is BACK and better than ever!Field kitchen was an absolute nightmare and disaster. Many guests including ourselves voiced our opinion and Sweet Tomatoes listened. That alone shows you this is a great company.We have been long time fans of Sweet Tomatoes and before, the food was very yummy. After their Field Kitchen trial and return back to their original, their food has become delicious! There are more choices on the salad bar (LOVED the sliced apple), blueberry muffins are bigger and tastier, soda machine is updated, and everything else just tastes better.Sweet Tomatoes has really stepped up their game and I cannot see any business in the area compete with them. On top of the great food and reasonable price, the staff is just so helpful and friendly. Everyone smiles and says hello, goodbye, thank you, etc. This experience was so great that the wife and I ALMOST went back the next day!Go in to eat, visit, and relax. I would give them 6 stars if I could.
3	This place has not MOVED! It is just changed names back to Sweet Tomatoes again.OK, here is a word to the wise. If it is not broken ,do not fix it.This was one of our favorite Sweet Tomatoes to go to. We really liked it , plus it was close  by.Then they changed it to Test Kitchen or something, and it flopped big time.So now they have changed it all back to Sweet Tomatoes, or so they say!We came here last night for dinner. We were pretty excited because, we really liked Sweet Tomatoes.Well, now it looks very industrial. The lovely plants that are growing outside on the planters are all starting to die. This is an indication of what is going on inside.Everything is tin now. TIn strays and ice cream bowls and all the containers they put the soup and other items in to. Nothing looks like it used to. It all looks cheap, like they have changed the ingrediants.Because, it certainly tastes like they have.They have glass glasses now,which I do like better than the plastic.The Pasta looks aweful, we could not even try it. It just looked bad.The salad was good, but they have taken away things like the chickpeas and the kidney beans. In its place they have a 3 bean salad type thing.They did still have sunflower seeds and raisins  which  is good,as well as the Joan's Brocili dish.But, even the soup seems differant. The lemon Orzo tasted like fake flavors and hardly any chicken. The Chili was a little better with more meat. But, I have to say I was in no way impressed.They do not even have real Butter anymore. It is margarine and flavored Butter, I just want the real thing.  What they were presenting as Ice Cream was not, More like an Ice Milk that had an artificial taste to eat.No one ever came to clear a single dish away from our table. The staff used to be so good about that. Maybe most of them have left because, it has all changed and they are losing money as well. With no so much tipping.I can honestly say we will never be back to this location,if it stays as it is. I guess we will drive out to Phoenix, or Awahtukkee. We used to go to Sweet Toms once a week.But, not know. The have ruined it.Oh I forgot to mention that they now serveAlcohol. I just do not see why that is needed at all. This is suppose to be healthy dining.
5	The return of Sweet Tomatoes!There isn't much more I can say than what has already been said in other reviews.  Yes, the Field Kitchen experiment has failed and Sweet Tomatoes has gone back to its old format.  Even better, with the renovation and cool new soda machine and utensils, it's better than ever.  Before the Field Kitchen phase, I was just ho-hum about this place.  Now, it's a place with such good-tasting food that I want to return on a frequent basis.The only bad thing is that the soda machine has one spigot for over 100 flavors.  If you want a drink, you are going to need to get in line.  Apart from that, this place is primo now.My family and I aren't the only ones happy to see this place back and better-- when we visited recently, it was PACKED.  Lots of veggie options only sweeten the deal here.  Pile on your plates and chow down!
2	I love me some Sweet Tomatoes. The fact that I can build my own salad of whatever the heck I want without having to deal with a menu choice is fantastic. And I love all the soup options, bread, pasta and ice cream as well.The Sweet Tomatoes on Southern and McClintock though is terrible. It used to be a regular ST, but it closed and opened as the Field Kitchen experiment. I never went there when it was like that, but I heard it was bad.The reopening of this location with the promise that they are "just like every other Sweet Tomatoes" out there is so untrue. First of all, the whole place reeks of rosemary from the chicken they grill at the end of the salad line. It's super overwhelming. Second, the options in the salad bar aren't marked (so you get to guess what you're dumping on your plate) and they don't have nearly as many options as other locations.The layout is horrendous as well. To get to the soups, pastas and breads, you have to walk through the line that is inevitably standing at the ice cream machine. Which is in competition with the line at the soda machine - because there isn't enough room for everyone to get around. And put in more than one soda machine for crying out loud! Especially when the ice takes freaking forever to dispense.I will continue to go to Sweet Tomatoes, but definitely not this one. I'll drive out of my way to go to one that I know is real and still good.
5	DONT EVER CHANGE AGAIN!!! Dear lord Sweet Tomatoes.. I am here to protest my undying love for you and your delicious veggies. We went to you weekly before you turned into the "Field Kitchen" (we call those the dark days). Now that you are back to your old self, we are ever so gratefull! We hated traveling to phoenix just to get our veggies on. Thank you for returning and updating your salad bar. I am in love with your cherry tomatoes and red peppers. Also nice to have the meat skewers and avacado!!! Keep up the great work :)
5	Always a pleasant experience at sweet tomatoes. Super friendly staff. The line is a bit slow at times, but it may well be because everyone is armed with coupons!On my lazy days, a soup and a salad to go from this place is god-sent.I have to say the hot dish selection is not as good as it used to be, and the last time I tried the ice cream it tasted too watery for my liking. But for how little I paid, I am not complaining.
3	We ate at the S.T. in Tempe once to twice a week before the change to the Field Kitchen (or whatever they called it). Last week we returned for the first time since the return to S.T. The first thing we noticed was the fewer selections, fewer customers and some layout changes. When we sat to eat, the most noticeable thing was the lack of freshness of the lettuce, Before it was always super crisp, now it was not. The food was still overall good. They reduced the soups but the chili was still ok. Moving the beverage to the ice cream bar seems to be a bit cramped but the old location was not real good ether.We will try a different location next time and see if just this location didn't quite recover from the Field Kitchen. Other locations are a longer drive so we will probably never return to twice a week customers.
4	I was impressed they had very fresh salads and toppings. Also the baked goods and the chocolate mud cake were on point.
2	Texting while making a salad is not appreciated. Management has no control over staff who text while restocking or not restocking salad bar, texting while cashiering and who knows who else is texting. You also got that one big dude just standing over the bread area like a monster watching every move you make. It was Italy week or something also.Tortellini salad was goodChicken soup good, cornbread and cheese bread good, yogurt good. One soda machine laughable. Pasta soup not good, most stuff just average, no non-fat dressings.Good thing I had a coupon. Maybe the employee was texting out coupons - doubt it. save it for home pal.
3	This is our go-to-we-are-tired place, and I think we eat here probably weekly. The salad is fresh, and lots of variety. Since it's a buffet, each of us get to pick what we feel like that night.  I'm glad to see the buffet style back, with the addition of the skewers along with beer/wine. =P  Their chicken skewers are very tasty. My only slight negative is that some of the nicer soups and things that were added don't seem to be in the rotation. Great for the family, as our daughter can graze and find something that she likes.
5	this place is the bomb.great food at a reasonable price.sometimes i just come here for the strawberry lemonaide.so glad that they went back to the normal sweet tomatoes format.recent updates in decor as well!
3	We have been enthusiastic about this Sweet Tomatoes for years and even were boosters of the Field Kitchen phase of the restaurant, but since the reopening, the sound level makes having a meal there a lot less pleasant.  In the old version of the restaurant, the music was in the background.   Now it is loud and relentless.   Every song in the playlist has too-fast-a-beat for a relaxing meal.  There is never a contrasting mellow track.  It is as if the plan is to play uptempo music to get people to eat faster and vacate the tables.Also, one of the machines (the ice machine? the yogurt maker?) makes a throbbing sound most of the time.   It is disagreeable to have to listen to the machine's beat on top of the beat of the loud music.I hate to give this restaurant anything but a solid 4 when the staff is so friendly and does a wonderful job, but the noise of the restaurant always leaves me with a feeling of disappointment.
4	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =This was my first venture back to this Sweet Tomatoes since their reversion back to normal from the god-awful Field Kitchen cluster fork!     :-ONow before that experiment, this was already the weakest of the Valley's ST locations because it had an awful floor plan that had caused lunch rush customers to actually bump into (& complain to) each other as they tried to get at the hot food!  Because of that mess, I had this location at only 2 Stars & carefully avoided returning until I came on opening day of ST Field Kitchen, which turned out to be even worse!Now the remodel of this location back into a "real" Sweet Tomatoes, gives it up to the minute styling without it looking like an airplane hangar inside (as some Valley ST locations do).  The new floor plan gets rid of the crowding problem and not only that, the food has improved!  Remember how the only meat in the place was chicken chunks everybody fished out of the Chicken Noodle Soup?  Well today they had Spaghetti & MEATBALLS, and PEPPERONI Focaccia Bread, for two examples!  YAY MEAT!Remember how they only had some strange "spread" to put on your bread & potatoes, except sometimes there was some yellow whipped mystery grease?  Now they have BUTTER, in your choice of pats, whipped & flavored, right out there for you to help yourself to!  YAY BUTTER!Remember the ucky frozen yogurt dessert?  Now they have tasty soft ICE CREAM!  YAY ICE CREAM!Some other nice pluses today were the cheerful, friendly staff, reasonable pricing that now stays the same all 7 days, a lovely dining room layout with all sorts of seating options including booths, round tables, a bar with stools and a big, gorgeous patio with fly (& partial sun) screening above.  What else?  Great music from Demi Lovato & from Tempe's own Gin Blossoms, playing at the right volume.  Enjoy it now with a little BEER & WINE.  YAY BEER & WINE!This is one of the MOST IMPROVED restaurants I have ever dined at, & it's priced at $8.99/$8.09 Sr. including Dinner & Sunday hours, a top value for a Buffet of this caliber!     :-))
5	Back to the sweet tomatoes we know and love, but the updated dishware and decor remain for a classier feel. Recommended!
5	Sweet Tomatoes, you can have your 4th star back and a 5th for good measure.  You've redeemed yourself from the Field Kitchen fiasco and are once again the all-you-can-eat salad bar we'd come to know and love.The cool thing is that this location got to keep the Field Kitchens decor, which was really quite nice.  The interior looks fresh, chic, and has plants growing out of the walls, hanging from the ceiling, and in vases on the tables.  The family dining table is a nice touch too.The food (including the mac 'n cheese) is back to it's previous quality.  I've newly discovered the french onion soup, which is fantastic.  And they brought back the sprinkles for your ice cream! Whew!Sweet Tomatoes, I appreciate what you tried to do, but I even more appreciate that you listened to your customer's [loud] opinions and put your restaurant back to normal.  And great job on improving things to even better than before.
3	Sound levels continue to be a problem with this restaurant.   Sometimes one of the machines in the center (the one for frozen yogurt? the one for ice?) makes a loud, throbbing noise that is disturbing.   Other times the music is oppressively loud.  On our last visit, when the restaurant was relatively empty, the intrusive music made it hard to converse or think about anything else.   The song tracks have tempos that are too fast for relaxing eating.    Sometimes the songs are not so much sung as "belted out." We love the food, the wait staff, and the people working hard behind the counters.   We would eat at this Sweet Tomatoes branch more often if we didn't always have to wonder what sound level and what kind of music will greet us when we arrive.
5	We had lunch here and it was great, DH kept asking  where the Real food was but he was able to find enough food to sate the 6'4" hunger. Soups, salads, pasta, what more do you need? And soft serve ice cream!!!
4	Sweet Tomatoes is a MUST when my mom's In town visiting. In fact, In a one week period, between this one and the chandler location, we hit these up at least 6 times!!! We both like eating healthy-er, and love salads and veggies, so the huge salad bar for us never gets old! (Although I don't know how healthy it is when half your salad is black olives..) The soups are also pretty good. I love the asian broth one, and any of the broccoli soups:) I went to sprouts today and bought a ton of stuff to make salads, but a sharp knife and I don't get along all that great unless there's a bloody mess involved. I'd much rather save an hr and a trip to the ER and come to Sweet Tomatoes:)
5	This place has an awesome salad bar, a great selection of soups, and lots of hot food choices. My favorites are the sweet potatoes and corn bread. The food here is always fresh and delicious!
5	What a great place to have lunch. The food was fresh and delicious. Andy was very attentive and professional. A very clean and comfortable setting. The selection of ice teas were wonderful.  The creamy rosemary potato and the kale and potato soup was wonderful and a great change to the plain soup. Cornbread with honey butter is to die for. Will make sure to eat here at least once a week..
5	Best buffet hands down!!I love healthy eating, and I also love buffets. This is the best of both worlds for me.The salads and topping always taste fresh and the soups are always very tasty. I love how they rotate specialty items every week it seems so you get to try new soups, salads, desserts and more. You could eat super healthy here, but you can also fill up to the point that you need to be rolled out very quickly. Even the kids plate you can get for the little ones has more than enough room for plenty of food. As far as this location specifically, it is my favorite. They recently remodeled not only their decor, but their overall operating structure in general. Definitely a vast improvement to what they were and compared to some of the other Sweet Tomatoes locations. Sine the change, I have not had a bad experience here.
5	The soup here is really good.  The chunky chicken noodle taste like homemade soups like mom used to make them.  All the years I've eaten soups at various restaurants and whole foods markets, I can't recall soup that taste so wholesome, fresh, and delicious as it is here at Sweet Tomatoes.  The house chili had similar effects as well.  This is strange because two years ago, my coworkers in Fort Lauderdale used to take me to the Sweet Tomatoes often and the soups there taste bland and boring, nothing special.  I guess the location really matters or something has changed in the last 2 years.  It looks like I will be going here often for the nice warming soups.The blueberry muffins were out of this world.  Never tasted blueberry muffins like that.  Add a little vanilla ice cream and caramel topping and it was Da Bomb.
4	This place is much better than the overall rating suggests, because for about a year they were transformed into a corporate experiment called "Field Kitchen". It was like, really bad. But you've got to hand it to this company, at least they took the feedback and switched back. I think it's great that there's an affordable all-you-can-eat restaurant out there devoted to fresh and healthy food. It has always been [sadly] missing from the East Coast, but I was excited to start coming here once I moved out West. As my tip suggests, though, don't assume that everything is totally healthy just because the main feature is a giant salad bar. They do have less healthy, but still very fresh and tasty, foods in the corner. You can easily eat over 1000 calories here while thinking that you've had a responsible dinner.P.S. Save room for unlimited ice cream sundaes and the Coke Freestyle machine.
5	Loved this location! Environment was relaxing, food was great and staff was outstanding. One of the gentlemen offered to refill my water (I have never experienced this at other locations as it is a buffet setting), I also watched him switch a family's baby from a supplied wheeled chair used to cart them easier through the salad line into a standard high chair so she didn't have to strain to sit up to eat. All staff were very friendly creating a great end to my evening.
4	I went to Sweet Tomatoes last night at the Scottsdale location.  And it's not even worth reviewing that location because it is so normal.  There is nothing particularly good about it, nor bad about it.  But THIS location, THIS location has things worth mentioning. And so here I  go:1) They have a super soda machine that makes 100 flavors. I always do the diet mellow yellow grape.2) They have abnormally fancy plates.3) They have cottage cheese at the salad bar. I like cottage cheese.4) They have chocolate (or sometimes strawberry) mousse at the salad bar. Other Sweet Tomatoes have this as well, but they put it by the ice cream, alluding that it is a dessert.  Moving the mousse to the salad bar implies that it is meant to be eaten with your salad.  CHOCOLATE MOUSSE FOR DINNER. I should just end this review right here.5) They serve beer.6) They serve meat on wooden sticks (but you have to pay more).7) They changed their corn muffins into delicate little corn cakes.8) It is by a very interesting pond that has an abundance of turtles. One day, they make take over the world.
1	Is there anyone in customer service at Sweet Tomatoes/Soup Plantation?  A couple of months ago there was a gift card promotion, so I got 1 for my parents' anniversary and 1 for me to use.  My parents used their gift card on their anniversary and should have gotten the Senior discount of $7.49 each when they go before 4 pm; they went around 1ish.  They were charged the regular adult price.  On top of that the cashier did not give them back their card.  A few weeks later when I meet my Mom for lunch and we talked about their gift card, she said they used it all during the ONE visit for both of them.  I went online to check the balance, then called the customer service #.  All they can do was take down my information and someone will contact me.  That was 3 weeks ago.  My parents live around the corner from this location and we all come here often, but after I use up my gift card WE won't be coming back.  I will find another place for us go.  Talk about ripping off people - how does it feel to rip off the old folks Sweet Tomatoes?
5	My favorite restaurant of all time, and this location is #1 in my book of experiences.They now serve beers.They take suggestions via a phone call: 888.374.8358They also serve... Wi-Fi! I am writing this review from Sweet Tomatoes Wi-Fi :)Lots of greens!Lots of veggie choices!Fluffed (processed) EggsCottage CheeseCheesesSoupsIce Yogurt & Muffins -- CHECK YOUR CALORIES -- at the website! Some are relatively lower than others...--DJ
5	Ten 10 Stars!!! LOVE IT!How Much I Miss It!:( If Your In the Tempe Area You Must Go!!! Great Delicious & Healthy Food!;) Can Wait To Go Back!...
3	So, for those from California, this is Soup Plantation...owned by the same company and all.  This is a great place if you're looking for a buffet type restaurant with a little variety.  The food isn't exceptional but it'll do in a pinch.  For the salad, I would suggest making your own.  The premade salads at the beginning of the salad bar have way too much dressing and that's unfortunate...I really enjoy a good Caesar salad.  The soups are pretty much hit or miss; although, sometimes they actually do have a delicious soup hidden in there.  They also have a variety of pastas and breads to choose from, so not a bad place to try if you're unsure of what you have a taste for.
3	My coworker and I come here for lunch pretty often. It's not my favorite place to go, but it does the job. My biggest gripe is that, at over $10 for lunch (and that's getting water), it seems a bit high for what you get. With that being said, the salad bar is usually clean and stocked and they've got a nice selection. I'm just not eating enough soup and salad to make this place worth the amount I have to pay to eat here. I'd rather pay $7 for soup and salad somewhere else.
3	While the food is always good at sweet tomatoes, this location seriously needs a new dishwasher! !Walked in, and every tray looked dirty. .. One even had a toothpick on it!Went through five plates before I found one worth eating off of. The silverware were dirty. .. cups. .. dirty. Even the soup bowls had crusty food stuck on the inside!  I'm hoping the health department has been by lately. .. ugh.
5	Love this place. I go once a week. Sign up for the email club for coupons. Very friendly staff, great food and I don't feel so guilty about pigging out on soup, salad and such.
5	Love this location. Their options and ingredients are way better than most other places in my opinion. There's plenty of seating and it looks like it's been recently renovated or updated slightly so it looks really nice. Overall, we were really impressed.
4	First time in and we were a little confused, but the manager, Mike, was very helpful and friendly! I always have very low expectations for buffets but they were definitely exceeded this time! The food was very good! The selections are decent for lunch, it's a little pricey but when compared for quality it is really not that bad.  I think we will definitely come back someday! AND, they have soft serve! Yay!!
5	Can't say I've ever had a bad experience with Sweet Tomatoes but this time I really felt like they went above and beyond. First we went with a party of 9, as soon as we walked in the door they made sure to reserve a table for us. Then one of the employees cooked up a special pasta for us which was delicious. And our waiter, Oscar, was very quick to clear the table and he helped the kids make special deserts. One of the things I like most about Sweet Tomatoes is that you make your own plate and it's quick, but that usually means very little interaction with staff and not much opportunity to impact the experience but in this case, the staff made a great impression.
1	I have been to a lot of sweet tomatoes and Souplantation s. This is the worst of all. Actually never been to a bad one till now. No fresh fruit station no fruit salad . The pasta section consists of macaroni and cheese . Won't be back
