4	Set in a almost brand new strip mall.  I know, that's a shocker...The decor is quite nice.  Modern, yet cozy.  They have flat screens for their menus on the wall.  Also, a small retail area.  There is a patio area as well, which is nice for an afternoon stop.They have live jazz on what seems like most Monday & Saturday nights, but I am yet to make it there for that purpose.There is also a small menu of a few sandwiches, salads,  soup, pastries, a few desserts, etc...I tried their Broccolli-Fontina Soup a few weeks ago & it was mighty fine.  Illy is their brand of choice for coffee & espresso.  I am hooked on their Iced Lattes.  In fact, it's the only thing I get there.It's nice that it's not a Starbucks!  Please help support the local guy...
5	Wonderful.  This place is a great all-around coffee shop.  They have, by far, the best tea lattes in Vegas, and I'm very much a tea person.  Service is prompt, but as it's more of a lounge than a restaurant, they'll tend to leave you alone unless you signal them.  The food is good, and the quality of the ingredients is wonderful, but the selection is a little lacking.  Don't take the picky eater here, they won't have many choices.  Price-wise, the drinks are the same as any other place.  Starbucks has comparable prices, but much lower quality.  I'll never go to my local Starbucks again with this place so close to home.  They're open later, as well.It's the little touches that make the place.  The music is always electronica and synth pop, but played quietly and unassumingly, and the decor is modern and stylish.  Good place to just hang out for a while with friends or with a good book.  They have tea lights going at night at every table, and the outdoor dining is great, though I do prefer to eat inside. I like that they have wine, especially in affordable 3 oz. pours.  Sometimes you just want a little bit, and not spend money on a whole bottle, and it comes with a small dish of olives.  The coffee is very, very good.  Order a macchiato and you'll get a shot of espresso, with a little bit of milk and foam, a glass of water, and biscotti.   Affogato is to die for.  Little touches, nice ambiance, and lovely decor come together to make this a perfect place for the young, hip crowd.
4	I like to stop here for a Illy latte...I'm a fan!
2	the coffee is mediocre.. food OK but not really fresh or worth the prices. do they only carry illy? i mean really.. the atmosphere is alittle uncozy feeling, kinda cheezy.. but i see how it suits some peoples tastes. im not going to butcher this place with a 1 star.. but i've been here several times as i live just up the street and i haven't had a great experience yet. that lives up to the prices and poshy decor.
3	Been here at least 50 timesLikes: It's not a chain, Great coffee, Good Food, Nice decorDislikes: Very spotty service, High prices
4	Walking into this cafe, the decor and ambiance are minimalist and chic. Furnishings include modern Italian leather sofas and chocolate brown walls. Music ranges from mellow jazz to slow indie tunes. I can just plop down on one of their couches and stay here all day with my laptop! The food is comprised mostly of sandwiches/paninis, salads, desserts, and coffee, although I've come here for breakfast and ordered lox and cream cheese. Personally, I think it is pretty good and the flavors are simple and clean. My favorite dish is the bacon, avocado, and mozzarella grilled cheese sandwich, which comes with a side salad and balsamic vinaigrette dressing and a side serving of sun chips. I also love how they have a pretty good selection of specialty coffees. My personal favorite in this area is the Raspberry Truffle. I don't mind the prices and don't think they're exorbitant. Overall with the price, you get good food and a relaxed atmosphere.
1	I used to love this place. They had the best tiramisu and chai tea latte till they decided to make tiramisu with vanilla wafers instead of lady fingers. I'm a big fan of vanilla wafers too but seriously it's tiramisu not vanilla pudding! Did they get a new barista? Their latte is mediocre now which sucks cause I really liked that place. Hopefully they go back to their original recipes.
4	The staff and environment are awesome... Hands down if you are in the Henderson area a great place to go and hang out, or if you are on a date needing a place to talk, a great place to go. The coffee is not amazing but better than anything you would get from a chain. As far as coffee houses in Las Vegas it is #2 on my list but still compared to everything else in Las Vegas a great place to go and spend sometime.
3	Unpredictable is perhaps the best way to describe Espresso. Sometimes the coffee and the service is great, sometimes it's sub-par at best. The prices are always high. They do have a couple of solid things going for them, though. The coffee menu is good, there is tons of seating, and a spacious outdoor patio. The Starbucks down the street is always full, and you can't get a seat outside if the weather is anywhere between 40f and 100f. So yeah, I still come here semi-regularly, because even though things vary, it never gets that bad, it's open into the evening, and they have plenty of places outside to sit so that you can enjoy a cigar with your coffee.PRO-TIP: If you don't smoke, you can go inside. I can't. Remember that.
4	I've been to Espresso once before a long time ago, but I don't seem to recall what I ordered on that particular visit. So I'm glad I got the chance to revisit this coffee shop again on a lovely Sunday afternoon. The layout of this coffee shop is interesting- very rectangular. At the front of the coffee shop there are tables and chairs, and at the back of the shop are couches and coffee tables. There's a flat screen TV mounted high above the open kitchen, and if I remember correctly, a bookcase near the couches (?). During this visit, football was playing on TV, which I thought was a little unusual for a coffee shop, but overall, Espresso was a good place to talk while sipping on beverages, usually coffee in nature. On to the drinks! The menu has a wide variety of drinks, including coffee drinks (Lattes, Cappuccinos, etc.), teas (available by pot or cup), and smoothies. I had a small Mocha with non-fat milk and no whipped cream. My drink came steaming hot in a glass cup. It was pretty good and not too sweet, but I wanted more coffee and less milk. Also, at the bottom of my drink, remnants of chocolate powder were left behind. Anyways, extra star for free Wi-Fi without a code!
5	This place uses illy coffee...AWESOME! I love their iced Caramel Machiatto. I beleive it's under new management so I haven't been too familiar with the new crew.  But I did like the environment, they were giving free wi-fi while Starbucks was still charging so that's cool. I like the seating arrangements they have.  I love coming here when I have a chance and want to just hangout and look like smart cool people.
4	This place is so cool. They have illy coffee and wifi. I found this coffee shop while i was driving down eastern. I love the coffee brand illy. Its very hard to find here in the Henderson area. It looks really modern and the staff is friendly.
4	Love this place!! Great atmosphere, never crowded. Parking may be a problem. I always order the iced caramel macchiato.Sooo good...way better than Starbucks. Their pastries are good too. Im a sucker for chocolate croissants. They have smoothies too if youre not in the mood for coffee. The food is yummy. They serve salads, wraps, sandwiches and belgium waffles. The drink prices are comparable to Starbucks or Coffee Bean. The food is a little pricier. Waffles are only $4 but a wrap or a salad is over $10. Great place to meet up for lunch.:)
2	Once my favorite, it no longer seems to have quite the same charm.  They used to have some very nice loose leaf teas, but now it's pretty much the same thing you'd find in a store.It seems that some times you get service to your table, other times the call you up to the bar.This shop is going through the right motions but it has lost the intangibles that made it worth driving across town for.
3	Beautiful place in a great location. Pros: Clean           Nice design           Serve Illy           Have some food and pastry options           Outdoor seatingCons: Expensive (anytime you charge more than Starbucks, you are         pushing it)            Slow            Employees need some training in friendliness            Not open late            Risk life and limb pulling in off Eastern ave
4	Espresso is a nice, mellow place that isn't your typical coffee shop.  They have plenty of seating to accommodate someone studying alone, or with a few friends. The music is faint, but still noticeable.  I always leave feeling glad I stopped by for a latte.To get a feel for the music, one of the songs playing was by, Jazzamor - Fly Me To The Moon.  Gives you an idea of the vibe. Pro:  Clean and well keptVariety of snacks and pastriesCons: A bit over pricedCashiers could be friendlier
2	The illy coffee when made correctly is to die for! But the croissants at $5.00 a piece, W O W!!!! The quality of the coffee beverage that you order can differ from day to day based on who makes it, so I have to reduce my rating of them by a few b/c of the cups of coffee with little to no flavor in them that I received. Liked: Service, Atmosphere, Decor Disliked: Food, Value
5	Great espresso + velvety smooth tiramisu  + music + friendly staff + free wifi= Sandra's new hotspot!!!
3	I've been told Harvard students can't fail a course, but the worst grade they can get is a "gentleman's C".  Pretty much the rating I would give this place since it  has disappointed me on two occasions and possesses potential to be great, but can't really give it a rating below 3 stars since I reserve those for places which are clearly lacking in quality or ambience with little to no redeemable qualities.Located off of Eastern in a relative bustling retail area, ideal location to grab a post-meal coffee or dessert (which makes their business strategy of closing shop at 7pm everyday on par with Netflix' decision to split their streaming and delivery service).  Sleek modern furniture and nice shaded outdoor seating, it has all the makings for a European cafe oasis in the desert serving Illy coffee, various pastries, panini sandwiches, and croissants.   Free wifi minus code and spacious surroundings make it ideal for those wishing to study or catch up on work.The downside are the baristas.  Perhaps I've been spoiled from the coffeehouses in the pacific northwest, but I think there is an artisanship to crafting these beverages and these folks are clearly lacking both in hospitality and technical skill.  My first trip I ordered a macchiato, which is expresso "marked" with foam.  What I ended up with was a cup of foam marked with expresso.  Second trip I decided to play it safe and order a small iced mocha since their menu indicated coffee drinks served hot or iced was priced at $3.35.  When I placed my order, the price came out to $4.27.  The explanation I got was that since their small cups for the iced drink holds more ounces, they had to adjust accordingly....seriously?  I'm sure when you factor in the ounces occupied by the ice, it actually ends up being less volume than the hot mocha, but I wasn't ready to get into a physics debate with Ms. Archimedes.  Granted, the price of this iced mocha works out to be similar in price to one found at Starbucks or Coffee Bean, but the failed expectations and lack of attention to customer service was noteworthy.  Only time will tell whether this place will achieve it's full potential or be drowned into caffeinated oblivion, much like my macchiato.
5	Me n the wifey come here for our caffeine fix every time we come visit Sin City. The coffee is Illy brand which makes it all the better. Staff is always nice and there's lots of room to sit n chill inside or out. Relaxing atmosphere though we don't tend to stay too long.
3	Nice coffee shop but terrible lighting for studying unless you're sitting by the windows during the day.  If you're more in the mood to chill, talk or play a board game with friends you'll probably enjoy the atmosphere.  Oh, and the espresso is pretty decent too.
4	Espresso's changed.  I believe it's under new management, and some menu items are gone all together.  First, they no longer offer wine at all.  My favorite coffee drink, the Viennese, is gone.  However, they still have the Scotch breakfast, as well as the tea lattes I loved so dearly, virtually unchaged.  Table service still exists, though my Macchiato was served in a glass already made in one glass, instead of one glass of milk, the espresso shot in a shot glass, biscotti, and water.  It's possible that it was done that way because I ordered it iced, though.  Coffee itself was impeccable, with the right strength and not burned at all.  Really enjoyed the Nutella waffle, and at $3.50 the price was right.  The TV had sports on, and the music was less synth and more indie rock.  Not sure what to make of it overall, but I'd return for the drinks.  Definitely a place to grab a coffee and snacks and stay for a while still, though.  Between this and Starbucks, I'd rather go here, naturally, but not by much.
1	we wanted to like this place, even after phoning and getting a grumpy response on the other end.  but the combination of uninspired grumpy counter help service!), a chai latte that tasted like hazelnut non-dairy creamer (beverages!), a dead orchid in the bathroom (ambiance!), and a baclava that tasted of stale cardboard and elmer's glue, with about the same consistency (cuisine!) left us sad.  better off looking elsewhere...
4	I was one of those college students who stay at Starbucks (215/Eastern) late at nights and wait for an open table just to study with my fellow classmates, then I realized how ridiculous I am to study at a busy and crowded place.  So, I decided to find a new little coffee shop and found this place!  Its a very unique place and very comfortable to relax and even study.I love their chai latte it has a very pleasant taste and it has some spice to it and it was just perfect. Also, Im a big fan of hot chocolates and I tried theirs and its not too bad, but I had better.I gotten to know the manager there and he's a great fellow & always checking up on my buddies & I.  Great place especially if you want to get away from Starbucks.
4	Very urban chic! Their chai tea latte is one of the best I've had in Vegas. Their breakfast items are over-priced, especially since their bagels are supermaket Sara Lee brand; however, they have a honey-butter they serve with them that absolutely makes up for it.
3	this place is closed
1	I've given this place several chances and they still fail!!You have a 50/50 chance on having your coffee drink made correctly. Even with specific instructions, decent tip & they can't get it right. Cappuccinos are not lattes!!Worse, I saw the register girl placing all the cookies on the tray with her bare hands... yes... the ones that she is using to handle cash. YUCK!
2	Once again delish!  The breakfast burrito with a fruit side...perfect for late lunch!Love love love you guys!
