5	I was able to get a Sunday appt. @ 1pm, it was perfect. Although, this is quite a drive from my home, it was well worth it! I received one of the best haircuts I've had and she styled it to perfection that I wanted! We had a very pleasant conversation and she gave me some good tips on products and styling brush. The atmosphere is very comfortable too! All in all I was very satisfied with the service I received.
5	Brittney is an amazing stylist! No matter what color or style I'm after, she always gets it right. She's also a really sweet person and a lot of fun to talk to. I always enjoy going to see Brittney and I leave looking fabulous! :)
4	Static is a hidden gem for a salon. The atmosphere was very relaxing and the music was calming. The staff were extremely welcoming and friendly. This is a nice salon that isn't too pricey. The salon has been located in the strip mall at this location for a while but is just now being recognized as the strip mall was fairly new and now has businesses moving in. They offer anything you can possibly want at this salon. It's def worth checking out. Enjoy
5	I've been searching for a great hair stylist for months and I finally found her in Brittney!  I needed my hair cut, colored and highlighted and was referred to Brittney by a friend.  I called and asked for an appointment on a Sunday (which are not easy appointments to get!)  Brittney said "no problem" and scheduled me.  When I arrived she recommended some color options, which I liked.  She advised me on the placement of my highlights and made sure we were in agreement on everything she was going to do.  When it was time to cut my hair, she again, made sure we were "on the same page."  Then, Brittney started cutting and WOW -  she gave me one of the VERY BEST haircuts I've ever had!  I felt like a movie star!  I'm definitely going back.  I've already got my next color appointment scheduled.
5	I moved to Las Vegas last March and have been to 2 others salons trying to find a "forever" salon/stylist.  I finally found both with Brittney at Envogue! I had gone from brunette to blond at a previous salon and wasn't too pleased with the result. Brittney quickly assessed the best way to improve my highlights and when she was finished I couldn't have been more pleased. I came back 2 months later for a highlight touch-up. I cannot praise Brittney enough for her expertise and knowledge of hair color and hair products in general. Another big plus is that she will take Sunday appointments AND she doesn't expect you to hand her the foil when highlighting!! That was a first!! You have a "forever" client, Brittney!
5	Great atmosphere, great stylists, and super friendly and beautiful owner!
