5	Title Boxing Club is a total blast! You are guaranteed a work out that will not only kick your butt, but you will have so much fun you won't want it to end! The staff is incredible, they all put a focus on being engaged with each members goals and putting their all into each class whether is 6AM or 7PM. I joined 3 months ago and go to class 5 days a week, it never gets old or repetitive. Each class is different enough to challenge you in a new way every day and still work on the fundamentals so that you are improving your technique. I can't get enough!
5	This place is AWESOME! One of the hardest workouts I've ever had! But what a FANTASTIC workout it is! THE BEST employees/trainers! They know how to push you to do your best without being annoying about it! Great with helping you with your technique too! I'm always pumped to get to class! They offer classes throughout the day so NO EXCUSES! They are offering a 30day challenge right now that is so cool too! Get yer asses in here to check it out! Because sweat is sexy!
4	I've been coming here for a couple of weeks. And I gotta say I'm very much pleased with the workouts. Yeah I gave them hate death looks. . .just cause they really pushed me. I leave here feeling great! And time actually flies.Thanks!
3	Great workout! I loved this place when I first started there... however with new management things have changed so much that I don't LOVE it anymore. They've lost some great employees that where the heart of the place. The new owners have been caught lying... they've increased prices (especially with personal training) to ridiculous rates... especially when they don't even have great equipment there. Just sad that this fun place is going down hill.
5	I absolutely love this gym,  since the new management took over this gym has become so much better.  Trainers are ALL Awesome, they help you on the proper technique.  The change has been very good.  The workouts are so much better and seeing results faster then I was before. Would recommend this gym to everyone
