5	Professional Dentist. Staff is courteous. Would recommend him to a friend.
5	I called with an emergency and they were able to get me in the same day - how amazing is that? The staff was super-friendly on the phone and even nicer in person. Dr. Farraye is professional and efficient and knows his stuff . I'm so glad I found this office as I've been looking for a primary care dentist since I moved here 6 months ago. I highly recommend him.
5	Dr. Farraye has now retired but he has been replaced by Dr. Nelson who is not bad either. The place is now called Alameda Dental.
5	I have been searching for a nice, down-to-earth dental practice since I moved to the valley 5 years ago and I think I found it  with Alameda Dental Care! My first dentist was barely scraping by and I felt like they were pushing extra procedures on me to keep the lights on. My next dentist had 2 TVs in every room and had remolded his  waiting room to look like a Vegas casino. Every time I went in I felt like my bill got larger and larger. My friend recommended this practice and during my first appointment I felt so comfortable talking to the hygienist and the dentist I knew that I had found what I had been looking for. I have this irrational fear that my teeth are going to fall out at any moment and they were so nice about all my crazy questions. I even compared the rates for the same recommended procedures to my previous dentist and Alameda Dental Care was about 25% cheaper than them. AND ADC is in my insurance network and my last dentist wasn't, and never bothered to tell me (which is partially my fault for not checking, but also annoying)I have now had an extensive consultation and two deep cleaning sessions done at Alameda Dental Care and all my visits have been great. I haven't had to wait too long and everyone is so friendly. I highly recommend them to all yelpers!
1	They don't allow parents to go in the room with the kids. Something about they want the kids to get "comfortable" with them. What?????????????? Umm... no thanx!
5	The staff is very personable and friendly. It is close to my house.  When getting a deep teeth clean, they even raised the suggestion that if I like, I can bring in headphones to listen to my iPod.  Dr. Nelson seems like a nice guy too.  It feels down to Earth in there, which I also like.  I'm happy: I've found a good dentist!
1	The dentist was very nice. I really like him. However, his staff is terrible. Not only was the hygienist extremely aggressive with the tools, she was also very rude and abrasive. I have perfect teeth and I have never had any work done in my life. I've been to two dentists since this visit and they have all said my teeth are in great condition. The hygienist at Alameda spent the whole visit trying to upsell me on services that are totally unnecessary for me. I have confirmed this with two dentists since this appointment. Then on top of all of it, they have been harassing me by email and multiple phone messages for over a year since I went here to schedule another appointment even after I asked them stop calling. It's a shame such a nice doctor has to be ruined by his terrible staff and business procedures.
1	Terrible experience at this office. I've gone back twice for the same problem and am still having issues. Ironically enough, before the filling my tooth felt fine and ever since the procedure i've had nothing but problems with the tooth. I will not be returning to this office ever again. Maybe It was a fluke... but I doubt it and i'm not going to stick around to find out.
3	Hmmmm...the reviews seem to run to extremes, 5 and 1. From my initial visit, the staff are personable and respectable.  They recognize that my awareness of my dental condition (had LOTS of work done because of an auto accident 28 years ago, and it is time to update), and were not overly aggressive on the initial evaluation.The underlying work to deep-clean teeth, replace a crown and fill 2 cavaties for about $600 after insurance seems appropriate.  They have also offered to complete all the work in about 3 weeks.  More as I work through the work.
1	About the staff: NO respect when answering the phone!I thought they will know better by putting someone to answer the people on the phone.so annoying person.i will never call them again because of the people answering the phone and making the appointments. i wouldn't recommend it for anyone because you'll have to beg for the next appointment as if they were paying not you!!
5	I went in today to see Dr. Nelson because a filling of mine fell out.  They were able to get me in right away and, to my delight, were able to fix the problem in the same appointment.  He also found two spots with exposed tooth roots and covered those in the same session.  I have dentist-anxiety, and after explaining that to Dr. Nelson and his assistant, they did such a great job going slow and explaining everything carefully.  I really appreciated it!  Clean office and friendly staff/hygenists.
1	Having a dental phobia, I'm inordinarly careful about the dental care I get and even worse about keeping appointments.  I went to Alameda Dental after feeling so confident leaving Dr. Hilarry Douglas' office (having moved) and with a severe toothache.  These people just stuck their hands as far into my pockets as they would go.  I'd had extensive reconstruction work done with Dr. Douglas and was shocked to hear the dentist at Alameda trash talk her care and tell me my mouth needed even MORE extensive work.  I was told I needed two extractions, implants, a second deep scaling (despite having had one a mere 5 month prior), and that my gums would require extensive surgery to correct.  I was told I was clearly not able to keep up on my home care and insulted.  My husband, who sat in the room with me, was appalled.  They tried to saddle us with a $9,000 treatment bill, which just so happened to be the max limit of our CareCredit.  We left and fled back to Dr. Douglas who told me that not only had my oral health IMPROVED since I was last there (and my gums receded from 7's to 4's and 5's) but that the two teeth Alameda felt needed extractions and implants COULD in fact be saved with a simple root canal, bridge and crown.  I'll never go back to Alameda and I discourage everyone who asks my opinion.  These people just want as much money as possible.  If you want someone who just roots around in your pockets, definitely go here.  If you want quality care, go see Dr. Hilarry Douglas.
