4	Went here today for the first time. Having moved clear to the other side of town has left me in need of a new nail salon.  (my good ol' standby is too far, and my shellac girl has gone missing)  The place was very clean, the staff was friendly, and the decor wasn't obnoxious or cheesy.  Two large tv screens were in the back and the radio was playing at a pleasant level throughout.  The classic pedicure came with ample massage time (really the real reason to get a pedicure, I mean really).  The chair water basin was covered with a disposable liner, that's clever... never seen that one before.  The classic at $22 came with the regular pedicure steps and a hot towel and stone massage as well.  The gel mani was efficient and well done, hope it lasts just as long as I am used to. The mani was followed up my hand and shoulder massage.  They have a VIP card option and at the time there was a coupon on Valpak (print and online).Based on today's experience I am a fan, prices were right, services good, and staff friendly.  If the length of polish matches the impression so far, I will definitely be back.
4	Nails.  Indulgence? Maybe, but a girls gotta do what a girls gotta do!  The guy who used to do my nails disappeared...and if you have ever been in this situation, then you know exactly how I feel.  I've been searching high and low for a new place for my nails.  I think I found it.  Super friendly, very clean and they pay attention to details.  They don't try to upsell you or make you feel guilty for saying no. I went in for a fill and that's just what I got.  I showed her a picture of how I wanted my nails and she did it...exactly how I wanted them!  She told me that if I wasn't happy in the next few days, to come back in and she'd fix them!  I will definitely be a regular here.  (It doesn't hurt AT ALL that it's next door to Yogurtland!)
3	Clean, nice, and new place.  Lots of options!!!  I came for a pedi.  It was nice that they have a menu that you review when you are soaking your feet.  I picked the classic pedi (it includes hot stone message and hot towels).  Only con:  The lady did a great job, but she kept trying to up sell a different pedi, add flowers, gel instead of regular polish, etc...  Not just once, several times.  That is the only reason it was not a 4 star.
1	My toes came out horrible. Lady was quick to put my shoes on and move me and when I did I messed them up. When they fixed them my toes looked bad and they left polish on my toes. Even worse when I got home I sat on my couch and the polish messed up even after I had been there for over an hour. The lady put 3 coats! My boyfriend said that it looks like my toe nails got finger painted by a blind person! 27 for a shitty pedicure. Like seriously your going to charge me just to cut my cuticles! I would't go here! I'm going back to the place off of McDowells by Fry's. Cheaper, nicer, and better job!
2	I had been to the Arrowhead location and really like it, they have all the same things, except I think I just got the wrong tech.Tons of gel mani colors!My tech missed some edges, like the far sides and I didn't notice til later, so that kinda sucks. Also there's a couple little bubbles or something in my gel mani. Not enough to be noticed by anyone but me, but it still irks me because I paid good money for my mani and pedi. I would give them another try because of the gel polish choices, but I would have a different tech, but I think I will try at least one other place before that happens.
5	Been looking for the absolute best nail salon for years and I think I've finally found it. Have been coming here for almost a year and have never had an issue. They always do a great job on both my pedi and acrylics. I recommend this place. Ask for Frances. She's super fast, yet, gentle.
2	I've never walked into a spa and received half a pedicure until I came here. The lady refused to do much with the pumice stone even after I asked her to scrub my feet again. Next, my feet soaked all of four minutes. Yes. That's how fast things were done or should I say how little service I received. The only thing that was done to make me feel "pampered" was the 15 minute leg massage that she actually timed. Maybe it was just her. I hope that's the case, but now I have to get another pedicure somewhere else because the Polish started chipping three days later...uncanny.
2	This used to be me favorite place. Came in a couple weeks ago and saw a lot of new faces. Didn't give it much thought. Until they did my pedicure and fill at the same time. Very awkward. Uncomfortable positions. Twisted neck. A pillow?? No me gusta. Today. More new faces. It was busy. Saturday afternoon. I understand. I was told 5-10 minutes. 4 girls came in together for pedicures. They had an appointment. Ok. Then another girl came in. She was taken before me. And I was told 1 minute. Which we all know in "nail speak" that means 5. Then a woman and her little girl came in. They were taken before me. After more than 45 minutes of waiting. I walked out. Ridiculous!!!! I completely understand they were busy, but in the past, they'd never have skipped people. I'd have been acknowledged, offered a water...something. I'll be finding a new place. Like right now. I'm literally writing this in the parking lot.
2	Went in for the first time for a needed pedi. The tech spent a great amount of time massaging my legs so I was in heaven but when it came time for my callous remover, she skimmed over my feet. I want to go back and have them redo the callous remover but for a place that charges $1 to use your debit card, they might try to get more money from me. The man (the manager maybe?) Spoke on his cell phone my entire time. I could tell you all about his upcoming travel plans. When I asked to use the restroom he followed me back and stayed on the phone while I was in there! Many pedi chairs available but only 3 techs working. Customers left while I was there because of wait. Not the best vibe. Not the worst business but I'll be going elsewhere next time. I'd say save your money on this place or at least pay with cash.
5	Just moved 3 months ago from CA and have tried 2 other places which were horrible. Aloha is definitely my new permanent spot. They made me feel just like back at home. Lily did my mani gel and was amazing. This place has great selection of polish gel or reg! Let me add the owner also chatted with me making me feel extra special making sure he knew exactly how I liked my mani and pedi to relay to the ladies taking care of me!
4	They're always so nice here and they do a very good job. It's great to be able to relax without paying a very high price.
1	Very rude. When I told them what I wanted fixed he was more rude. I say he because I wasn't told a name Of who was doing my nails. Had to pull my had away multiple times cause he dug at them with the file. Tons of acrylic left under nails. Uneven nails. Some are thick with acrylic some are to thin. Some are thin in the middle and thick towards the ends with acrylic. Very unhappy. Will be going back to get them fix and never going back. Knowing when he first started they were going to turn out bad should have been my sign to just walk out. Horrible experience. Gave 1 star because I couldn't rate. 0. Not to mention he neglected to cover his mouth when coughing  and coughed on me at least 6 times. Disgusting.
2	I happened to be in Arizona for family and we were deciding what to do with our day before our flight a little later in the evening. We decided to get some frozen yogurt and pedicures. I had never had a pedicure before, so I thought that this was as good a day as any. The yogurt place was two doors down from this place so we came in and told them we wanted the pedicures and then went to get the froyo while they were setting up. The whole process was alright. The guy who was working on my feet seemed nice, but a little bored. We chatted some, but not much. The guy working on my feet was a little speedy and got done pretty quickly. When we were finished, he told me to go to dry my nails, but nothing more after that. I didn't know how long to sit there or what. He sort of just disappeared. Turns out I left the drying station a little too early and my nails did get a little messed up as a result. Ultimately the people could have been a little more friendly and involved in customer care.
2	New owners, feeling less than stellar about changes I am seeing.  They now charge to use a card. Get with the times, no one does that anymore.I am sitting here writing this in pain from my pedicure bc the guy (new) tore a chunk out of my toe. He was rough, had to get the anti-bac out three times because he kept cutting me. Never once apologized. He was so rough, I figured for sure I was in for a great intense leg massage.  No dice. Weakest massage EVER! I felt like it was the guy's first time doing a pedicure. My nails are not smooth, one of my toes doesn't have polish on the side.My gel mani was not done with a timer on the light, we'll see how long it lasts.  Poor girl was super sweet, but she was also new & I think this night of been one of her first gels. Too many changes, none of them positive.  I dread finding a new nail place, but dear god my toe hurts, I don't know who wants to cry more... My toe or my bank account for paying for this pain!
1	So I wrote a bad review about this place after I had bad service. That's what yelps for right? Exactly. I called the salon and told Paul that I was not happy,  he was more that willing to help fix the problem. So I took the offer and went back when I had time. In the mean time Paul (the owner) had seen my previous review, and no it's not the best one they have. So. Paul confronted me (in front of customers in the salon) about the review as soon as he walked into the salon and told me how dare I go on the internet and "talk shit" (his exact words) about his salon, put his hand in my face and walked away. Said that he will have his girls fix my nails and that I'm no longer welcome in his salon. Which I don't care that I'm not welcome back, I didn't plan on going back anyways. I just wanted my nails fixed the way they should have been in the first place. The 2 girls that helped me were very nice. (Probably cause they knew I was the one who wrote the review) They did a wonderful job this time, I am very pleased with the results but needless to I'm not going back Or shall I say not welcome back. Paul on the other hand was very unprofessional about the situation and very rude. I have never been spoken to like that by some one in my life. I was never once rude to him or him employees. I simply wrote a bad review. Yelp is just an app away and that's how we communicate with one another about good and bad places to go.
1	I love getting my nails done and haven't had them done in well over two years.  So, I during some mommymetime I got my nails done before relaxing at a movie.  I said I want a pedicure and a gel manicure.  I was asked if I want them both done at the same time...I should have said no.  Very awkward position.  I don't recommend it. Both went okay, but I'm noticing little things.  The paint on my toes is already chipping.  My nails bubbled after leaving the salon. I now have two nails with bubbles which means I will eventually start picking at it.  And...at $56 there were no nail decorations at all.  You mean I would have to pay over $60 to have a flower?  Seriously?  No thanks.  Won't be back.Update:It's now July 22 and six days since my gel manicure.  It's chipping!  I thought the first nail was an anomaly but no.  In addition to the bubbling that happened on  three nails (I found more bubbles on a different nail) my thumbs have visibly chipped.  I am beyond pissed.  I've looked at the nails of my friends and while I wasn't sure what to expect, I should still get longer wear than a regular manicure.  Ridiculous....
5	Great job with great service. Nice atmosphere with good people. Had a good time and was treated great. Definitely coming back. Not just a normal nail spot.
1	I was debating getting acrylic nails for my wedding because my index finger on both hands snapped off to nothing.  I was assured my nails would look fantastic after getting acrylics here and the technician not only got mad because I wanted my nails painted instead of left clear but she also was irritated that I was particular about their shape.  it has been two weeks and I think I have the typical regrowth but the sides of the nail is bigger than my actual nail so hangs over the skin.  The tips were put on (after she cut off all of my real nails) in such a way that they look like they grow upwards instead of straight out.  I went home and cried...thought I should give them time to grow on me and I still hate them.  It looks like I have chicklets on my fingers :o(  Very very bad!  I don't recommend them AT ALL.
1	The quality of the work is minimal at best. They have horrible customer service. After coming in for a gel manicure, I expressed my disappointment in the quality and they did nothing to help. The nail technician did not cut the cuticles, misshaped my nails so they were crooked and did a splotchy paint job. I could've done a better job myself.
5	i was in the area and although i was hesitant becuase of the old reviews i decided to give them a try. I had Lily do my nails N she did exactly what i wanted. She was very sweet and explain to me they were under new management. The place looks really nice, clean and affordable. I'll definitely be going back to Lily and I 100% recommend this place!
5	I've been to Aloha nails twice this month for gel mani's and both times left happy. I agree, Lily is a favorite who does excellent work!! I started going to this location when they first opened and was impressed with the bright, current decor and the extra time the nail techs take with each customer. Every tech I've seen always ask me to look over their work before I leave and have ALWAYS addressed any concerns.
5	Very happy with service, every time!! Great. Decor. Lily does a wonderful job and is very friendly. Won't go anywhere else. Both the greeter and Lily went over color choices and took their time helping me on a busy weekend. I've always gotten prompt service.
5	Had Henry do my nails from black gel to french tip. He was through and friendly! Will be back soon!!
1	Awful experience. Went in for pedicure. The guy who worked on my feet made me uncomfortable. Like he would ask me a question and I would answer but he would just keep looking at me smiling so I wasn't sure whether or not he heard/understood me or if he was just being weird... It was very uncomfortable. Then after he polished my toes, I thought that the polish didn't look smooth but I wasn't sure if it was just the light playing tricks on me. But when I got home, I realized they looked like utter crap. I should have trusted my eyes and made him re-do them. They were already closed for the night so there was no going back and I have a flight to catch in the morning. I ended up removing the polish and painting them myself. What a waste of $27! That includes the $1 they charge you for using your card... So I got totally screwed and it pissed me off. I am never going back there again.
1	IMPORTANT WARNING: I had a pedicure here last week and I received 3 deep cuts on my right heel. It has been almost a week and my cuts are still oozing blood and walking is very painful :(
5	Beautiful work. My first time today. I was greeted , asked the norm question of what I needed. Looked at my current work....then I was asked to pick color and design from many many options.  Next was amazing. . .a first time. ..I was offered water, tea or coffee! I took the coffee fresh brewed!! Everyone was very social. Nobody kept to themselves like normal salons that have private convos. My NEW tail tech Lily was awesome. .making me laugh . I watched her technique and really liked it. She paid very close attention to her work:). Amazing job. Everyone spoke both languages but mostly English. Now either next week or when I go get my fill im gonna pamper n get a pedi.
2	I have been to Aloha Nails 5 previous times and loved the service and atmosphere. The last time I visited in November was not as positive. I received 3 open cuts from my pedicure. I was told by the owner that this happens sometimes and not to be concerned.
5	I came here to get my nails done for a wedding and Amy did a fantastic job. I usually go through Lily but was a little apprehensive she wasn't there and had to try someone new. I was so relieved that Amy was very friendly and experienced. They have great service here and I always walk out happy with my nails done. I get so many compliments everywhere I go and will not go anywhere else but Aloha Nails to get my nails done.
