2	Paid $50 for an arrangement delivered to my mom. Wish they could have put a little more effort into it some flowers where not fully bloomed, I wouldn't have minded if it looked like the tried to arrange something and not just put flowers in a vase.
1	I ordered some tulips for my wife. Today I received a call to notify me that there are no tulips available. As a customer you would expect to be offered another arrangement or different colored tulips as an alternative. What I was offered was a cancelation due to the disclaimer that says "no substitutions" on the invoice. What a shame! So I must wonder, if the tulips are not available, why would they be an option on the Internet? It wasn't my fault, but she really made me feel that way on the phone. Bonnie's sure didn't make my special day go well. Now I must go to the local grocery store to come up with something last second.
1	Ordered flowers from this boutique and what I paid for was not what I got.  Thank goodness I was sent a picture from my friend.  Wow, can one say cheep.  During the holiday flower shops are very over worked.  The beauty of a holiday arrangement makes a statement from the sender.  This statement was CHEEP.Owner was unfriendly and very unpleasant.Off my list.
1	Run away from Bonnie's Floral! Bonnie is a rude, unprofessional person who provides horrible customer service. We didn't get what we paid for and got hipped on our bouquet. When it arrived, it had bruised flowers and brown merky water in the vase. Some of the flowers weren't open and were forced open by hand. It was awful. We called Bonnie herself for a refund and she was defensive and very mouthy! She told us to take our business elsewhere. She finally agreed to issue a refund but neglected to do so a few days later so se called back and spoke to Bonnie. Again, playing head games to not issue the refund and very rude with her mouth. We have never seen such unprofessional customer service like Bonnie. She kept playing word games about the refund and in the end her response was, that she would try to get around to it. We called our bank to explain the situation and they will issue a refund to us. Go to Antique Rose down the road. They have beautiful bouquets and awesome customer service !!!
1	Where should I start with this review. I run a local restaurant and tried to order flowers for our place. I spent 38 minutes on the phone placing the order with their service, at the end of the call the operator tells me if there's an issue with the large order they will call me. I arrive to the shop a couple hours later to make sure they could accommodate my order. HERE'S THE CRAZY PART!! This f;@$ing lady tells me to get out of her store!! Yelling at me saying I'm committing fraud and she is calling the cops, WHAT!! The order was for almost $500. This was the rudest most unprofessional lady I had ever met. Being that I'm in the hospitality business I have know idea how this place is in business. Not only will I never do business here, I will make sure that anyone I come in contact with knows what a crazy bitch this Bonnie lady is. If I can help just one person avoid this shop I did my part, but I have a feeling Bonnie will do a better job of scaring away people than I ever could.
1	Where should I start with this review. I run a local restaurant and tried to order flowers for our place. I spent 38 minutes on the phone placing the order with their service, at the end of the call the operator tells me if there's an issue with the large order they will call me. I arrive to the shop a couple hours later to make sure they could accommodate my order. HERE'S THE CRAZY PART!! This f;@$ing lady tells me to get out of her store!! Yelling at me saying I'm committing fraud and she is calling the cops, WHAT!! The order was for almost $500. This was the rudest most unprofessional lady I had ever met. Being that I'm in the hospitality business I have know idea how this place is in business. Not only will I never do business here, I will make sure that anyone I come in contact with knows what a crazy bitch this Bonnie lady is. If I can help just one person avoid this shop I did my part, but I have a feeling Bonnie will do
5	Had fast and professional service from Bonnie's Boutique. I have had bad luck with other companies and will not use anyone else. Great follow up, great service and great quality.
1	Don't use this place! I found a note on the truck window that was parked in the driveway telling me that flowers were placed behind the truck at 5 am. After I brought the flowers inside they were covered with ants. Needless to say I was not able to enjoy them and feel very bad that my mother-in-law spent a lot of money for them. I called.her to make sure that the florist she ordered them from never uses Bonnie's Floral again. Very unprofessional, I have had flowers delivered before and never had anything happen like this, furthermore who delivers flowers at 5 am and leaves them in the driveway and not at the door!
5	Bonnie did our wedding flowers almost a year ago and it was more than I had expected quality wise. It was less than expected money wise.  She was the only shop that guaranteed  and made sure I had the light blue hydrangeas that I was crazy about.  Cant go wrong with Bonnie!
4	I had a very pleasant experience in Bonnie's. I was greeted as soon as I entered and Bonnie quickly prepared the boutonniere that I needed. She exceeded my expectations, and I paid about 2/3 of what I was expecting to pay for it.  I am well satisfied.
