5	I've came here once, twice, three times... Let's not count anymore.  I've came here so many times, and I can never ever complain about it. Actually, the first time I came to this restaurant, I had the pad thai, and it was quite a disappointment.  However, after the trying the pho here, I juts couldn't stop coming back.  I might have to say that it was one of the best phos that I've ever had in my life (even better than the places within Toronto).  I suggest any of the phos, the vermicelli dishes, and rice dishes.  The Vietnamese spring rolls are delicious as well.  I'm not 100% sure of what they put in the dipping sauce, but it's to die for.  Food is also served in a quick and timely manner.It's a must-go, if you're in the region of Kitchener-Waterloo!
4	This place is good. And it is great for my parents to go eat before leaving Waterloo from seeing me.For students who don't know how to drive around in Waterloo, there is secret parking in the back. Don't try to park on the curb, it gets busy unless you are in real luck that day. You can also hit the only decent Asian supermarket, New City Supermarket, I know in Waterloo before heading back. It is only a short walk up King Street from here.
4	Amazing food.
3	The Pho is good, but a true Vietnamese restaurant needs to diversify from Pho. Therefore one time I decided to try the more exotic foods.I tried the Beef Brisket noodle tomato soup. Man was I disappointed: the tomato soup had almost no taste at all, and the beef brisket was a little hard.The Pho itself I'd give 4 stars, but everything else I'd give a 2. So average it out you get a 3.
4	Crappy waitresses? CheckCrappy service? CheckCrappy menu? Checkall the signs of a good bowl of pho. No seriously, if you want your pho injected into your veins this is the place to go. The other stuff on the menu is nasty, don't even get the drinks. The drinks come in a styrofoam container which is 90% ice.
4	Out of all the pho places I have been to this has got to be one of my top choices. Shame the only one I've been to is their location in waterloo, but I can only hope their quality extends to their scarborough location as well.Order the Bun, they have quick and polite waitress staff and the food is served promptly definite plus whenever I go there I as absolutely famished. Their spring roll that comes with is nice and crispy on the outside yet manages to remain moist, without any of the grease leaking into the inside.Also tried their durian milkshake and now I can't get enough of the fruit, it is just amazing! The drink itself was a touch too sweet but I figure that is to capture the broadest number of people as durian is a hard fruit for most people to handle both by smell and taste.The prices are fair and it is definitely my number one stop for pho when I visit Loo.
4	This is the best place in KW for pho bo (beef )! I agree with other reviewers about  their other dishes not being very good... I tried the pho ga (chicken) once and it was very disappointing -- dry pieces of chicken breast served with rice noodles in a BEEF broth. But the pho bo is outstanding!
4	This location of Pho Dau Bo is excellent. The service is wonderful, and the food is delicious! I am a huge fan of their spring rolls, and honestly just cannot get enough of them! The spring rolls are always crispy and delicious - definitey my favourite item. I also personally recommend their vermicelli bowls (especially those that come with the spring rolls). I really feel like Pho Dau Bo is excellent quality, especially for such affordable prices.
4	I've been wanting to visit this restaurant for years, and finally did last night.  As has been pointed out, there is lots of parking in the back off of Charles Street, and there is a rear entrance. The ambience is very utilitarian. There's a plastic tray on every table containing spoons, plastic chop sticks, condiments, and a dispenser of the thinnest napkins I've ever encountered. If you're looking for something classy, or romantic, go elsewhere.Thanks to other reviews I was prepared for the "fill out your order system". I've seen this at other Vietnamese places, so there wasn't any learning curve for me. The menu is quite extensive, and there were a ton of Pho options. Honestly, I couldn't really tell the difference between a lot of the Pho choices, but my default is always the house special, and that's what I went with; along with a Jackfruit Milkshake. My companion had a vermicelli chicken dish, and we ordered an appetizer of a ground meat roll with sausage.Green tea was brought to the table immediately, and was quite good. Our orders arrived very promptly, but not in any particular order. My Pho arrived first, then my companions entree, then the appetizer, then my shake. There's a door bell that sounds that alerts the server when an item is ready. It's a bit distracting, but you get used to it.My Pho was delicious. I wasn't sure what size to get, and went with a large because I had a good appetite. I still wasn't able to finish it. I'll definitely only get a medium next time. There were generous portions of beef, tendon and tripe, along with noodles. I always add the additional sprouts, basil and lime, and plenty of chilies. I can't overstate how good this was. My companion enjoyed her dish as well, but I did not have a taste I can't comment. The appetizer was a mixed bag. The meat stuffed rolls were tasty, but difficult to separate, and the sausage came in thin slices along the side of the plate and was pretty good, reminiscent of baloney. Not exactly what I expected. My Jackfruit shake was very good, but super sweet. Definitely more of a dessert than anything.When you're finished eating, stroll up to the cash and give your table number, with is indicated by one of those gold and black number stickers you see at Canadian Tire. You don't get a bill brought to your table, so don't want around. Be sure to grab a fruit candy at the cash.Overall, the food impressed me, as well as the speed of service and the price. This is not expensive food for what you get. I'll definitely be back!
4	Best Pho restaurant in the KW area hands down. Good food for a good price.  Quick service. Lots of solid options. They should open one beside the Universities.
3	This is my go to place for pho whenever I'm visiting in Kitchen, Ontario. However, I usually come here for convenience rather than taste. The food served is authentic Vietnamese food, and you will here no complaints coming from me about the taste. However, the steep price and small portions prevent this place from getting 4 stars. The service isn't too bad considering I always come here with a table of 7+, and the food comes out quickly enough. For a place like Kitchener, this is a gem of a truly Vietnamese place to eat.
4	Pho was flavorful and nourishing. Basil super fragrant.  Kids liked their non pho dishes - fresh and simple pork, fried rice and chicken with broccoli- but the pho was the best thing on menu.  Supposed to fill out order yourself and bring it to counter but they will help you if you need help ordering like we did. Great lunch overall. Basement restaurant worth seeking out.
4	The best pho you'll get in KW! They're definitely family-owned and efficient. While English is not their strong point, the food definitely is. I've never been disappointed. The decor is hilarious. The cow head logo of Pho Dau Bo is literally printed everywhere. On the chopsticks, on the spoons, from the windows, to the walls.One time, I ordered the wrong thing without realizing and they helped fix my order right away. I was so impressed - I was only paying $7 for a bowl of noodles so I didn't expect amazing customer service at all. The beef brisket is great. I've also gotten a rice dish with pork and a steamed egg cake and that was also delicious. Some may not enjoy the egg cake, however. I also recommend getting the Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk over ice! A bit strong, but a good pick-me-up.I always get cravings for this place, I just wish it were a little closer to University Ave! If you're a student and you like Vietnamese, this is a must-go.
4	Pho Dau Bo is a hidden Vietnamese restuarant with a lot of potential. Of the food to order there, it's best to try the pho, it's their signature dish and their broth is quite good. Choose the meat that you feel most comfortable eating, however all of them taste good. The broth tastes good overall. However, it is quite salty, and if you're a nutrition freak you may be a little concerned. In the case that you are a nutrition freak, then I suggest replacing the traditional spring roll with the "summer roll" of the rice paper roll. Nice and sturdy, fresh taste from the lettuce, shrimp is cooked nicely and pork adds a nice texture to it. Add the vermicilli to add to the overall freshness and it tastes amazing.Visit Pho Dau Bo if you're craving a little pho. It's worth looking for, service is great and it has a quaint atmosphere that you have to acknowledge
4	I didn't expect to find this type of authentic Vietnamese food here in Waterloo. This is still not Pho Linh quality - for those of you don't know it has the best Pho Toronto has to offer. Back to Waterloo. I had a grilled chicken with steam eggs and shredded pork on rice, I could taste spices like lemon grass marinated well into the chicken. The steam eggs and shredded pork was good but I wouldn't consider it great. Only if they had the Vietnam rice. The soup for the Pho was strong and a little on the salty side, but the texture of the noodles was good - even though they used dried noodles it was cooked just right not too soft or hard. An extra bonus would be the fresh herbs other than the basil and bean sprout. Overall, I would come back again.
3	Pretty authentic Vietnamese place. Their pho is great and I'd go more often if there weren't other competing restaurants along the way that get my attention before getting to this one. If you're feeling like getting some good Vietnamese food around downtown, this probably is the place.
4	GREAT! Best pho in KW hands down. I always dined at Ben thahn to sastify pho cravings however this place is much tastier! The pho is cheaper and arrives fresh and piping hot. The lady there is so friendly too. The only thing I don't like is that it is so far down King Street and getting there by bus (if you're a student) is quite time consuming. But definitely worth coming here if you have a vehicle!
4	The pho tastes pretty good and service is quick! A little far for a student but will probably come here again.
5	This is a review
