4	This is the 2nd time I came here for my oil change and it's only $12.95 so with tax it comes out to $17.00 which isn't bad compared to other places where they charge $29.99.  They also did my transmission flush for only $69 the first time I came here which is also a good deal.Service is quick, too.  They're conveniently located on Rainbow between Sahara and Oakey and not hard to find at all.
1	SCAM ARTISTS.On a Friday night, I drove into Vegas from Los Angeles, and the moment I got there my acceleration started acting funny. Searching for a place open on a Saturday that could take me, I found National Auto, and now I know why they weren't busy.Darren, at first seemed helpful. He had me go for a test drive with a mechanic, and everyone seemed to think they knew the general problem, and it would just require a part from a Nissan dealer. I made it clear that I was attempting to drive home on Sunday, so it would need to be fixed today if possible. Urgency was of the utmost importance.Flash forward four calls later (all initiated by me) to 5pm, and they still don't know the issue. Several codes have come up regarding the transmission, but as Darren describes it, my car is like "an alien" to them. This late in the day, I'm screwed, having to stay in Vegas until Monday and miss work. Darren promises me he'll know by 10am Monday morning or he'll tell me if he can't figure it out. Oh yeah, and his method of investigation for Monday morning is to go to the AAMCO next door and have them take a look. No joke.At 10am Monday, he still doesn't know, I give them an extension to 12pm, and at that point, he says there's some electrical error, but they can't pinpoint the exact problem. There's a short...somewhere. They'd have to take apart the entire engine. I'm not exactly confident this would be a good idea as they'd be operating on "an alien."I tell Darren I'd like to just take my car and go to the dealer, and... Darren charges me $90 for looking at the car. Now, when I dropped off my car, I had specifically asked if that money could be used toward repairs, and I was assured that it would. After a day and a half of being unable to diagnose the problem, because they don't deal with this car often, which they should have told me THE MINUTE I PULLED UP, I don't expect to pay. Especially when they knew that I was trying to get home to LA and didn't just tell me to take it elsewhere. That is inconsiderate and shady, pure and simple.I ask to speak to the regional manager because I don't want to pay $90 for wasted time and an overnight hotel bill. The regional manager assures me HE has a Nissan and can take care of it. After not having seen the car and knowing nothing of my problems, the regional manager says it would cost between $800 and $1500 to fix. After hanging up, Darren asks me what the regional manager said. I explain and Darren gives me a look, then tells me he'd suggest I just get a new transmission. So someone's lying to me and someone's incompetent. You be the judge. I pay the $90, consider contesting it with my credit card, don't want the hassle of bill collectors, and instead have decided to just post this review. Darren, National Auto, I hope your $90 fee is worth the bad publicity. You shouldn't screw customers like this when you're too incompetent to either a) figure out a problem in a timely manner or b) admit you can't help.NEVER GO HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO WASTE YOUR TIME AND THEN GET CHARGED FOR THE PRIVILEGE.
1	customers be ware! They did an oil change on my car a 2006 Hummer , drained the oil, and never put new oil in, and while my daughter and I are driving, my car starts stolling at every corner, we put the lid up, and there is 000000 oil in it, bone dry, I take our car to there location on Rancho, and they basically told me that my enginge blew up, and it wasn't their fault, even tried blaming it on the people who did my oil change before them, since my car wouldn't work and I took it there thinking they would obviously own up that it was their fault my enginge blew, I mean its common sense, that when you have no oil in the car your engine blows, and I had just had an oil change by them 1 day prior, I thought they would obviously have known it was their fault since I had just had the oil change, and there was 0 oil in it, but no they didn't, so I had no choice but to pay them $4500 for a NEW ENGINE, AND LOW AND BEHOLD 2 YEARS LATER, THE ENGINE THEY PUT IN IS NOW NOT WORKING, I WENT TO ANOTHER TRUSTED MECHANIC, AND THEY TOLD ME THIS WAS A USED ENGINE NATIONAL AUTO SOLD ME, WHEN I WAS TOLD IT WAS NEW. At the end of the day, the joke is on me, as since they didn't put oil in my humer after a oil change, why on earth did I think they would put a honest engine it in, I only did it because the car wouldn't start, and thought because of what they did, they would do a beyond a a good job.  FYI THEY HAVE A F RATING ON THE BBB
