1	Save your money. This doesn't work.  Manager, Chuck is rude. He tells me this is working, but I have the hair to prove it isn't. Management  is unprofessional and rude and condescending. This was an expensive mistake - SAVE YOUR MONEY!
5	They do great work here. Maybe pricey but they pay attention and guarantee there services. Most of the staff I believe are Registered nurses.. and they keep the integrity of your skin by being inquisitive and professional! I have had services for the past year here and love the staff, location, and result. I agree it is pricey though..They are on a whole nether level of professional! They are like a medical laser hair removal clinic -THAT IS ALL they do, so they  make sure they are damn good at it!! Just make sure and book your apt before you leave each time!
1	This place is the worst, I was 18 when I went in for a consultation, I wanted to get a whole face laser, when I spoke to one of their reps over the phone they told me to shave my face before I go in for my consultation, when I went in they couldn't determine if I was a candidate or not, but they still went ahead and did the treatment and charged me over 3k, and then the next time I went in to get my second treatment they told me my cheeks don't qualify for it so I was like okay then lower the price but they told me I am getting it cheaper by doing the package. They are the biggest scam ever. I was supposedly getting 65% off of the package at least that's what Nicole told me. But a few months later when I asked the guy at the front desk to see how much they gave me off, he said 15% !!! I am definitely talking to a lawyer, because my face isn't a candidate for laser hair removal my hair isn't thick enough but they still performed the treatment on me. Please save your money and don't go here!! There are much better places in the valley. They are just horrible people.
1	Save your money!!! I paid almost 4 thousand dollars for 4 areas and that was suppose to be after their "amazing" BOGO promotion. Ya right!! I finished my 9 treatments in May of 2013 and my hair is about 50% grown back.. This place seems so great because they advertise a lot guarantees their services for life but it's a scam. I told them my hair wasn't all gone and they told me to come in because of my lifetime warranty but of coarse they wanted to charge me more! Don't get me wrong I have less hair but it hasn't even been a year since my last treatment and it's almost 50% back sorry but that's not worth 4k to me.
5	What a great experience. The staff is very professional and friendly. From the moment I walked in I was greeted with a smile. Ideal Image knows how to treat and serve there clients. A+ in my book. They truly care about your customers!!
5	Zero complaints. The technology works great. The staff is very knowledgable, friendly and they make you feel comfortable as well.   It's nice to know your skin is in the hands of registered nurses, and not random people without credentials.  Most places I researched did laser hair treatments in addition to a long laundry list of other cosmetic treatments. Laser hair removal is what Ideal Image does and that is it; they are experts in the field.
5	I have had nothing but great results from them. While it is a little pricey for hair removal, they do a great job and it has worked very well for me. I just finished my 8th treatment with 1 more to go.
