5	One of the largest selections of cacti in the entire valley is found here, and I'm talking about all ages/sizes.  They even have an enormous selection of baby cacti if you're looking for something decorative, or for that empty kitchen windowsill.The main 12 or so greenhouse full of cacti near the office are not all of their cacti.  There are several times more to the north side where they are growing and used to replenish the other greenhouse items.  So if you're looking for that perfect devil's tongue cactus, Saguaro, prickly pear, or whatever - you're going to find it here.Prices are among the best in the valley, especially for the 3 and 5 gallon sizes.  I was perturbed to discover that I overpaid at a different nursery in town for my golden barrel cacti.To get there, take the frontage road by the outlout mall, or take the back road just west (and behind) the outlet mall and follow the sign.  The location is immediately north of the outlet mall itself.  Interstate 17 is now widened and the drive up here is much more pleasant than in years past.  Only negative is the pot selection which isn't quite as nice as some other nurseries, and their pots a priced a wee bit higher.
5	So glad I found this place while glancing off Highway 17. ENORMOUS selection, super friendly and helpful staff, and great prices and deals. I got three smaller cacti with flowers and a very nice terracotta pot and they planted it for me, no charge! I would definitely come back here anytime I passed.
5	So many choices and beautiful healthy plants and trees! We picked up a few cacti on our way back into town from Sedona. They are (STILL) in excellent condition (and I'm famous for my tragically non-green thumb). If they can live with me, then there's hope for pretty much anyone. The selection is incredible, so many choices and the staff is very friendly.
1	I called Old West to see if they had the 10 cacti I needed. I was elated to hear they had the cacti, found their quoted price to be competitive and even got them to send a picture of the cacti before I drove the 20+ miles to their acreage. The next day when I got to Old West the price had increased by 50%, yes 50%. The staff member that quoted me the price and also sent me the picture said he didn't remember the price he quoted. Needless to say I wasn't going to pay the higher price and walked. What a way to run a business and build consumer trust.
