3	it was pretty cheap to fly to las vegas. depending on how many days you book ahead, you can save considerable monies. southwest has easy checkins. a long list of departure times and they leave from oaktown!
4	I don't care what anyone says.... I love Southwest. I know that this life is filled with tests of character and I know that when you are going to travel, you are going to face many of these test.So I can handle a delay, a cancellation, a packed plane, crying babies whatever.... as long as the employees treat me nicely and are helpful.And they always have been. I enjoy the Rapid Rewards Program, the free flights I earn, the free drink tickets, the various opportunities to earn extra credits...I like it all.I feel very safe and comfortable with Southwest and will continue to use them to fly home and visit family. If you are going to fly several times within a 2 year period, take advantage of Rapid Rewards. You won't regret it.
2	worst flights of my life.cramped, dirty, stinky seats. dirty man who wreaked of b.o. sat next to me while i tried to eat a hamburger.. which didn't exactly work. staff was rude and flight was miserable.i have flown SW many times. after the last experience, i will never be back. virgin america, here i come.
5	Always my first choice when I fly! Best prices, and by far the most friendly flight attendants anywhere. Planes are always super clean and you get so much leg room. Oh you get to check 2 bags free and they have no change fees... you can alter and change your iternerary as much as you want for free.. this is unbelievable and unheard of in today's airline industry.
1	Too bad I can't even write a review where I give them ZERO stars...They lost mine and my friend's luggage from OAK to LAS- how in the hell does that happen???  I had a laminated business card with one of those thick, plastic luggage tag thingies to attach it to my suitcase, too... WTF?????  But, I guess it makes sense since THEY DON'T EVEN SCAN THE CHECKED BAGS... YEAH, that's right... they give you a luggage claim number which really doesn't mean ANYTHING!!!!!!  So, when you tell them your luggage isn't on the carousel when you go to pick it up, they'll basically tell you..."I'm sorry, we really have NO CLUE where your bag is"  They won't even say "I know your bag is important because it's filled with your favorite outfits, shoes, makeup, because you were on your way to Vegas to party like a rock star"   UGGHHH... I'm soooo BENT!!!!!Then, we had to fight to get a $100 stipend in the interim- that barely covers deodorant, face wash, clean panties, a clean pair of pants/dress or a shirt.  Then, after 5 days, staff at Southwest apparently STOPS, HALTS, CEASES, TERMINATES all efforts to search for your stuff, until you've filled out a claim form.  WAIT.... did I mention you had to WAIT until they MAIL it to you via the SNAIL USPS mail and then you have to fill it out and mail it back to them??????  WTF?????  Then, you'll have to itemize everything in your bag, and that's apprently how they find your luggage.  Then, I'll have to wait 35 days to get reimbursed $3,000, which is the maximum amount they'll reimburse to you.  In the interim, I'm racking up finance charges since I can't afford to just replace everything right away like I've had to do so I just charged everything.  Then, they ship your bag to a luggage warehouse in Dallas, where it's sits alone amidst a menagerie of other people's luggage and just begins to collect dust and mildew.  And, they won't let you wander through the warehouse, no matter how much you grovel and beg.  THEN... if your stuff is not found, they ship all those lost bags and their contents to a place in Scottsboro, Alabama and sell your stuff to complete strangers for garage sale prices.  I'm totally not kidding!!  http://www.unclaimedbaggage.com/I realize that it's all replaceable but, my friend lost her stuff, too.  And a lot of it someone very special gave to her, and those memories can't be replaced.  SOOO Disappointing.... I'll never, ever check another bag - again...
5	I was really impressed with the crew (to and from Vegas).  They were always upbeat and genuinely seemed like they enjoyed their job.  haha.
4	Southwest has changed the way they do things in Vegas.Forget the Tram car  ... you are walking. A new terminal with some work left to do.When we went through last weekend, there was a security breach and we were all stuck in the moo line waiting and mooing.Then there is a long walk to the gate.
1	ok i had a terrible time in sfo with the southwest guy about my stupid paper ticket that never came in the mail.  i dont understand why they mail tickets anymore anyways.this attendant did everything for us without us asking.  we just stood there.the con - waiting to take off.  siting on the airplane in 100 degree heat with no AC.  what the heck?!??!?  i had never experienced that before.  they had all the doors open the air running full blast and all i was getting was hot air.  i asked the attendant if something was wrong with the air and she said "welcome to vegas"  everyone sneered.  no.  how about cheapo southwest warm up the engine so we get some AC.never flying southwest again.
4	Thank you Southwest for forgiving me...Thank you for helping me save money in booking a next morning flight that would of cost me a price...Thank you lady at the counter that helped me get a free open spot and that felt sorry for me probably!I missed my 8am flight on a Sunday morning after an EPIC night of debauchery ( may i add my worst night ever.. and never again ).  It probably wasn't the best idea to book such an early flight.. ( but it was cheaper.. !! ) For everyone out there, Stand-Bys on Sundays in Las Vegas.. is the toughest thing to deal with.. since everyone wants to go home from a busy weekend in sin city!!
1	SW found a new way to make money... A way to show on the books that the flight was full, when in fact it was not. It is now standard procedure to discriminate against the averaged sized Americans that are not a part of the "Ken and Barbie" class.I have flown SW, among other airlines for several years, and never have been treated with such disrespect. CS agent Regan at the counter could not think for himself. He asked if I could sit in a single seat.. Of course! No problem putting the arm down?  Never in 3 years! OK.. You will have to buy another ticket... Um, how do I prove to you that I'm not going to take up my wife's space which I have also already purchased? It up to our discretion.. Or their ability to discriminate for profit. Maybe next they will start charging folks that don't wear enough deodorant...Note: We had flown Southwest from SFO to Vegas 3 days earlier with no drama. Maybe staff training is needed in Vegas?!?Had enough, requested for money back. Take Virgin America from Vegas to SFO everytime. They cost just a bit more, but have treated my wife and I with respect. They are awesome.
5	I've never once had a problem with Southwest Airlines. Courteous service, no issues on the planes (can't blame them for turbulence etc.) I always seem to get a good seat, and last time some woman's brat reached back and spilled my drink on me. Not only did the staff help me clean it up, but they provided me a replacement drink and didn't even charge me for the first one. More than happy to continue flying with them. Especially with getting a flight between Thanksgiving and Christmas for 150 bucks.
4	They would have gotten 5 stars had we actually landed in the correct city. On a Monday night in early November, the hero and his lady companion boarded a brand-new Boeing 737. Everything about the plane was an example of how new it was. From the rich smell of vinyl and fine plastics to the "if this plane crashes in the water, don't panic" folded cards in the pockets of each seat back. The seats were exceptionally comfortable and soft. A welcomed feeling on our hero's body after a long action packed weekend in Sin City on Halloween weekend. The flight took of on time. The flight attendants were polite and accommodating. The hero and his lover were offered complimentary sodas and peanuts. Overall, the 50 minutes spent flying to San Diego were rather relaxing and easy going. Approximately 10 minutes after their scheduled landing time, the pilot of the brand-new plane, his voice loud and crisp over the new address system, "Airport visibility is too low for us to land at this time. We will be returning to Las Vegas. We apologize for this inconvenience." "Are you f*cking kidding me?" and other verbally abrasive slurs ripped through the cabin. A gentleman in the rear of the plane screamed in horror. Flight attendants rushed to calm the angry passengers. Our hero starred at the compartment above his head, "When will the oxygen masks fall?"... Eventually, after several phone calls to several 1-800 numbers and miles of walking between gates C21, C22 and C24, our two heroes board another Southwest plane. Their bodies even weaker and exhausted than prior to their last attempt of returning home. The seats in the next plane were just as soft and just as new, but apprehensive of getting too comfortable, our hero and his gorgeous lady, sat still and waited. Would the plane reach the desired strip of concrete hugging the Pacific coast? Nearly 4 hours after embarking on their trip home, the adventure was complete. The plane landed safely. The luggage was accounted for and our two heroes made it home to their own bed.
2	Disorganized.I booked an 8:40 am flight home from Vegas.  I know, what was I thinking.  It was peer pressure!I've never flown with Southwest before.  I didn't know about the open seating.  This combined with them delaying boarding the plane until 8:30 made for a big mess.  There seemed to be no carry on bag restrictions.  I saw people with full on trunk sized suit cases trying to jam them into the overhead bins.  Meanwhile my bag is being jammed and crushed into who knows what.   Due to a mechanical issue we had to de-board and change planes.  Don't get me wrong I am thankful they caught the issue before take off.  I don't even want to think about the alternatives.  But the way it was handled was messy and frustrating especially for a person that's been up for +24 hrs.  I heard one of the staff announce over the PA system to another waiting flight that they "didn't know when or if they would be making it to Pasadena today."  WTF!?! We finally get on the replacement plane and make it to our destination safe and sound.  That's all you can ask for.  But I will definitely think twice before booking with SW again.  My sanity is worth the extra 20-30 dollars.
5	After an uneventful 3 hour flight from San Antonio, I deboarded the plane and made my way to the baggage claim area where I anticipate retrieving my two bags. Within minutes, my suitcase comes down the chute. One down, one to go. Then I see a hanging bag that looks like mine come down the chute. But some older guy picks it up. I thought about going over and asking to see the id tag, but was embarrassed to do so, so I didn't. Ten minutes later, all the bags are gone from the carousel except a hanging bag that isn't mine. So I headed to the Southwest help desk where I met the most enthusiastic airline employee I've ever met. Her name is Cari Lynn, and if you ever lose a bag in the Las Vegas airport, hope and pray that she's the one you get to talk to. After explaining that I thought my bag might have been picked up by mistake, she told me that you should never be embarrassed to walk up to someone and ask to check an id tag. She made some phone calls, checked some stuff on the computer, then made a report. She took down my phone number and which hotel I was staying at then told me they'd let me know as soon as they found out something. By now, it's been about an hour since I got off the plane. So with nothing left for me to do but wait, I got in a cab and left. The cab probably wasn't two miles from the airport when my phone rang. It was Cari Lynn calling to say that my bag turned up. She offered to meet me out on the curb so I didn't have to come back inside. Sure enough, she was waiting there when we pulled up. I gave her a big hug. Considering that I've been flying on Southwest since I was in elementary school and never had a bad experience, I don't think it would be fair to deduct stars for one bag getting lost.
5	I'm not a fan of the open seating, but you know going in whats up so you are prepared. They have made it easier on families with the prefered seating option and online boarding passes. I had a great experience on my flight from Reno to Vegas and then back to Reno. Flights on time, easy boarding, helpful people at baggage check, didn't loose anything. Thank you SW for getting us there not only on time but early on both flights.
5	Southwest takes care of their customers. A special thanks to the folks who helped transfer a flight from American to Alaska at the Las Vegas check-in given the circumstances. The experience I had reminds me of Nordstrom (they actually take care of their customers - gee, what a concept). The difference between American/United and Alaska is significant, and given the similarity in prices, it's a no-brainer. The only downside I have seen is the $15 bag check-in fee, but the price may be worth it; customer service matters. This review isn't a satisfaction guarantee, but they're doing something right. And the fact that it runs Boeing 737 aircraft (assembled in Renton) - a solid plane, I might add - doesn't hurt either.
5	Personally, this is my favorite airline to fly for flights less then 90 minutes. I mean come on people, flying is defitnetly not what it used to be but at least the folks at Southwest do not nickel and dime the hell out of you. To me, Southwest is point A to B transportation, a greyhound bus in the sky if you will. They are cheap, efficient, basic and do not charge you to check bags or for assigned seats. Would I fly them across the country if I had an option? Probably not as it usually takes five stops to do so. Granted they do have longer flights now to the east coast with one stop at most.
4	I travel on Southwest Airlines on 2 or 3 round trips per month.  For the money, they are a great airline.  Since I use them mostly for shorter trips, I don't have any issues with no assigned seats or full service amenities.I've never lost a bag with them....(knock on wood)....and like how I can check more than 1 bag with no additional fees.  The only complaint regarding bags is that if I'm a 1/2 lb over the 50 lb limit, they sometimes make me take out stuff to make it 50 lbs.....seriously?  I hate when it happens.Overall I enjoy flying with them.
5	Southwest is the best low-fare airiline. They have the open seating thing, and you can sit wherever you want, not some of the lame crap that other airlines (other than Hawaiian) give you. Southwest was also very helpful when there i needed some information.Go Southwest!
4	Summary based on 1 to/from trip and only for the LAS location:--on schedule--handles standard boarding process well--ok facilities, but could use more AC receptacles in the SW gate area
4	More legroom than any other airline and their actually friendly! I hate flying domestic as most American airplane cocktail waitresses, I mean stewardesses, I mean flight attendants are fat, old and not friendly. Fly an international flight with a foreign crew and you'll find young, attractive and friendly service. Southwest comes the closest to it and it's easy to rack up free flights with them.
3	I normally love Southwest but flying from this time around when I flew from Vegas back to LA....it was disappointing. We were delayed by 30 minutes because we were waiting for crew to arrive. Bother. Luckily when we got in the air, everything was good. Made it back to LA promptly.If you want to get an additional discount on Southwest, I recommend making your reservation through Ebates. Ebates is  free and four times a year you get a check for the discount you are awarded by shopping through them. You can also save on tons of other popular retail stores too. Check them out! http://www.ebates.com/rf.do?referrerid=GTG%2FIhLnOFJVDrkek6wxgg%3D%3D&eeid=23552
2	Flying on this airline is so much worse than driving. Anywhere that the flight is under 2 hours I think I'd rather rent a car and drive.
1	One star because rating is required to write a review. However, in my honest opinion, they should be put out of business immediately. Despite the low fares and unlimited baggage check-in, Southwest is the king of delayed flights and NO customer service whatsoever. They do not understand that their customers have places to go and things to do, so they continue to have ample delayed flights to torture their customers by making them sit at the airport and watch time pass. I mean really?! Flying to Vegas with a 2 hour delayed flight was already upsetting, but the cake included a 45 minute delayed for our flight returning home. Finally, the last and final straw was Cecilia (one of the workers at the information stands) giving me extreme uncalled for attitude. When asking her why our flight was delayed, she simply shakes her head from left to right, puckers her fat lips and says "uh i don't know". Following, she manages to come up with "uh, i guess its delayed" as an answer. *applauds* hey Lady, what the heck are you doing working at the information desk with an empty brain and bitc*y attitude?! I hope you have a back-up job in this tough economy! All in all, spend the extra few dollars for United, Virgin, or any other airline company that DOES NOT specialize in delayed flights and extreme disappointing customer service.
2	All I can say is DELAYED FLIGHTS, PERIOD. Delayed going to my destination, Delayed going back home. -__- Can it get any worse? Also I didn`t like how there were no assigned seats so we were randomly seated and most of the time me and my friends weren`t sitting together. Boooo. The only thing that Southwest is good for are checking in 2 bags for free.
4	I use Southwest Airlines about three times a year to go back to San Diego. Traveling from Las Vegas to San Diego takes about 45 minutes tops! I love the fact that there is no assigned seating and if you get there early you can be one of the first groups to board the plane. I always check in my bag so I don't have to lug it around the terminal while I wait or store it in overhead compartments. During the flight you get a free drink ...I don't know why but their Cranberry juice is the best I've tasted anywhere! When they start picking up the cups I know that we are getting ready to land. Southwest makes traveling so easy. Especially for a person who never wanted to board a plane by herself now it's all a breeze!
4	Southwest is always cheap and reliable.  Today my mother in law missed her flight so I called and we were able to apply the missed flight fare to a new flight with no questions asked.  The woman on the phone was very pleasant and helpful, like the majority of SW staff I've encountered.  My only gripe is that it's a free-for-all when it comes to seating, but hey you can't have everything for the cheapest fares.
4	I have a love-annoy relationship with them.  I've organized it into a list for your reading pleasure:LOVE: the schedule of frequent flights to places I go, ease of buying one way tickets, free bag check, easy online check in, decent mobile phone ap, no change fees, easy to deal with when you miss flights or plans change, GREAT free flight system.ANNONY: they keep restricting the drink tickets and they're not consistent about what they can be used for, cheap flights attract some annoying seat mates, for some routes they only have flights with stops and competitors have direct flights, no tequila served on board.Overall, I fly them on flights under 3 hours.  But no airline is perfect.
5	Yes, I am a frequent flyer with Southwest -- A list baby.  However, unlike most other airlines, being in the "A" list only gives me access to getting on the plane with the first 30 people... Woopee whoop whoop..On the flip side, this airline does rock.  Some pluses:1. No frills2. Comfy seats3.  Entertaining attendants (on some flights).  By the way, I had the "RAPPING" attendant on one of my Fort Lauderdale to Las Vegas flights.  It was quite entertaining.  4.  Easy check in and lines are so easy.  I kinda like the fact that you can CHOOSE a seat.  Trust me, as a frequent traveler, this is a big big big perk.5.  Of course, they do have "BAGS fly for Free".  Granted, my expenses are usually paid, but this is great for family travels.  And, I do appreciate them thinking of the customers more.6.  On time.  Over the past 5 years, I must say that I have experienced almost a 90% ontime arrival time with SW Airlines.  Amazing!!!Wish list:1.  I wish they have an entertainment system like JetBlue!  2.  I wish they have direct flights to Hawaii, Atlanta, and NYCOh well... still a wish.... I love this airline!
4	Beat the crowd and check-in online.  That initial contact with the sky cap dude can be the make it or break it for the rest of your trip (or not in this case - keep reading).  He immediately swooped me off the curb and over to his counter. A couple of clicks later, I was on my way to the gate.  I appreciate organization and efficiency and being one of the first ones to jump in line is my idea of a possible A+ "yelp."  And checked in bags are free!I can't say whether the flight attendants were on their game or pleasant on my flight home because the captain halted the beverage service due to "turbulence" all the way home.  I needed a drink as I had a drunk sitting next to us and it was contagious.  Turbulence was during take off and right before landing. I understand that safety comes first, but they had more than enough time to serve it up and get back to being buckled up - there was not turbulence throughout the whole flight.Before I could really begin to think about it, we were already getting ready to land.
3	My first time taking this airline from Las Vegas to San Diego.  They were delayed about 20 minutes which we weren't too happy about.  I was happy I sat to a guy who was a frequent flyer on Southwest he gave me his free drink voucher. Sweet!  Got myself a beer and enjoyed my one hour flight.
4	My first time riding an airplane ever was when I was 19 years old. Yes, I know. I always got so many weird looks from people when I told them I had never been on an airplane before. Suffice to say, I was a little bit scared.I am so happy that my first experience with Southwest was a good one. Everything went smoothly on my trip to Chicago, and none of my exaggerated fears were realized (i.e. sitting next to an asshole who smells bad and has no sense of personal space, losing my luggage, excessive turbulence, not having enough leg room, etc.....). It was also fast (4 hours, versus almost 12 hours to get from Vegas to San Diego on that Greyhound bus). They're also a great airline for your money as well, can't wait to fly with them again.
4	On a recent trip to Orange County I had an issue with my checked baggage.  I flew during the December rain storms and when I picked up my bag at baggage claim, it was soaking wet.  I realize that bags are outside for a period of time during transport, so I didn't think much of it, until.....I got home and discovered that the inside of my bag was soaking wet too!  All of my clothes were soaked or damp.  I was trying to figure out what happened when I realized that my flight was delayed 2 hrs in Orange County and it was pouring rain....the bags must have been sitting on the runway exposed to the rain.  I didn't mind the clothes getting soaked, but I had 2 textbooks that got damaged.I promptly called Southwest Airlines and they asked how much they were worth.  I told them I checked on Amazon.com and that the replacement cost was $117 for both books.  They checked on their computer to verify it....once they did, they said "come on down and we'll write a check for $117".The next day I brought my damaged textbooks to the baggage claim office at the airport and they promptly wrote me a check for $117 after verifying the damaged books.  Awesome!One quick tip:  If you fly Southwest and have any issues with your bags, you have 4 hours from the time your flight arrives to report the issue, otherwise you can't file a claim with them.  I was lucky that I noticed right away and called them in just under 2 hours.Kudos to Southwest!
4	Pros: 1. Cheap prices           2. Purchase tickets one hour before flight. What airlines allow that?           3. Multiple flightsCons: 1. Dirty floor on airplane            2. Too many people            3. Staff throws your bags around without care            4. Some staff are incompetentUsually I fly Southwest because it is the cheapest and I will continue to fly Southwest. I did have somewhat of a bad experience the last time I flew back from Vegas. My husband and I made it to the gate and the plane haven't even left, but they would not let us in even though the plane didn't take off for another 10 minutes. Then they had us on the wait list but the worker never put us officially on the list like they said they would and my husband and I kept missing flights after the other until we finally spoke to someone with a brain and said that they couldn't put us on the wait list for some reason. We almost miss all the flights and my husband and I ended up on different flights home because of their mistake. Nevertheless despite all the drama, I will still use them because it's cheap and there are a lot of flights available.
4	I am a road warrior.  I fly every week for work.  I leave on Sunday or Monday and return on Thursday or Friday.  I have been doing this for the last 10 years.As you can imagine, I have flown on virtually every airline.  Early on, I was a regular on the big ones.  In the summer of 2006, that changed.  It was a Thursday evening and my flight out of Chicago O'Hare was cancelled due to inclement weather.  To my surprise, all flights out of nearby Midway airport were operating.    From then on, I pledged to avoid O'Hare and, in the process, discovered Southwest Airlines, which serves Midway with direct flights to many parts of the country.To most road warriors, Southwest is a love or hate relationship.  The haters detest its single-class and open seating arrangements.  They do not care for Southwest's absence in the international market, which limits options for reward travel.All things considered, I have become a big fan of Southwest.  Here's why:1) It's the only airline that does not charge a fee for changing reservations.2) The first two bags checked in are free.3) While no longer a true discount airline, its fares are always competitive.4) It flies into many smaller airports, which are easier to get in and out of.5) The single-aircraft model permits fast gate turnaround and efficient maintenance.6) The flight crews appear to enjoy their work and inject a sense of humor into most flights.7) It has developed a vast network of U.S. destinations and recently added Mexico to its portfolio.8) The revamped rapid rewards program eliminates blackout dates, enhances free flight redemption, and adds international travel rewards through its credit card.Every airline wrestles with flight delays, lost luggage, and obnoxious passengers.  Southwest is no exception; but, it has consistently ranked high in all customer satisfaction surveys because it deals with the negatives better than other airlines.Southwest has the image of a no-frills, discount airline with the cattle-call passenger loading process.  It has been the butt of late-night comedy jokes.  Some of that has changed over the years.  What has remained is its ability to deliver consistently acceptable service with a smile and tongue firmly in cheek.  In an industry where mediocrity is the norm, that is exceptional.  This year is Southwest's 40th anniversary.  I salute its management and staff.  Keep up the good work for the next 40.
3	Having been spoiled so many times with the epic service of Southwest in Boston, this is the average Southwest experience for most customers.The terminal they are in is old.  The majority of the Southwest terminals you go to have the electrical outlet desks + seats.  This one?  Good luck finding an electrical outlet to charge your phone or laptop.  There is one that is called "Verizon Charge Station".The seating is limited while you wait for your plane (definite change from BWI, Boston, Denver, NYC).  The customer service is fairly good but that can't change the fact that this Southwest terminal needs a SEVERE facelift.  If Southwest brings this place up to the previous four location's standards, it will do well.Unfortunately, crowded gates, crowded bathrooms, long lines and delays are in the future.....as they are in the present.
4	Nice airport and the Southwest experience was great and affordable as usual,
2	I think of southwest as a no frills airline that has very limited servicesThe good: first two bags freeFlight attendants are friendlyBig planes (kinda)The bad: they claim that there planes have wifi on them, but they don'tLots of wailing kids always seem to be aroundThe dreadful: there are no seat assignments, so if you can't get to a computer in the first three seconds of the 24 hour range before your planes departure time, you get punished by sitting next to the lavatory.My message to Southwest: Do like the other airlines and just assign seats!
5	I absolutely LOVE Southwest Airlines. Many of you already know about the 2 free bags, low prices, and great service. Something however that shocked me was when I needed to cancel my flight, they made it such hassle free. All I remember was before with AA that I went through such loop holes to try to cancel a flight and they charged me fees on top of overprices tickets. But with Southwest, I was able to call the night before to cancel my flight and they send me a confirmation right away. I just used those credits to rebook another flight and I got the low prices offered on the site and there was no charge to rebook. Excellent service and motto. I will always fly southwest if I can!
4	cheap fares. check in two bags for free. not too shabby. people say that virgin america is cheaper, but they charge $20 per bag checked in. personally, i like to check my bags in because i hate dealing with what i can/can't pack. check it in. no hassle. love it.This flight, however, was a little shaky. lots of turbulence.
1	I've had the worst experience ever with this airline. Both my flights to and from Vegas were delayed at least an hour each due to maintenance. Why should the customers suffer for your airplane malfunctions? Completely ruined my trip. Thanks southwest, I will never fly with you guys ever again.
4	I love Southwest Airlines. I love the fact that bags fly free! Super friendly staff and sometimes they get pretty creative when they go over the flight safety rules before take off. The bad parts is that they don't have TV's which can get a little boring if you're traveling far, but on this particular review, I'm reviewing my flight from LAX to Las Vegas... which is about 45 minutes, if that. So no TVs is OK. The seats are a bit old... I mean it's not the Beverly Hills of aviation but it's not too bad though. I'm not sure if I'm saying all this because I flew Spirit right before this, I'll get to a Spirit Airline review in a bit... and I'll let you know now, it's pretty much a complete opposite of this one. Fly Southwest. It's one of the cheapest... though it is a bit more expensive than Spirit, but trust me... its WAY better... and remember Bags fly free!!
5	I haven't flown to Vegas in a really long time but went last weekend for a friend's bachelorette party. Last time I flew I was 21 and got a great deal through US Airways or something. It has been a significant amount of time since then and I'm been a Vegas roadtripper since until last weekend. The stewards and stewardess we great. Wayne and Sherona were amazing. They knew we were trouble the minute they spotted 7 hot chicks in bright pink shirts headed for Sin City. We had drink coupons out the whazoo and they definitely kept them coming to get our weekend started.After such a positive experience I don't know why I would ever drive the 4.5-5 hours again when 45 minutes in the air and great Southwest employees are available.
4	Bags fly free!!!!Planes are adequate, service is decent.. with online check-in and self check-in... things run pretty smooth.  The LV airport has it's own SW terminal... so it's very easy to find.  The actually end of the terminal is crowded and stuffy though... especially after a long week in Vegas you just want  to get out of there.For the price, Southwest remains king!
4	Fast ,Efficient Friendly. I Fly Southwest to Las Vegas and they are the only way to go. On line check in Rocks. No Delays .Doesn't get any Better.
3	Great airline in terms of pricing, availability, and flexibility. Other than that just a run of the mill old airplane, stewardess' are cool and friendly though which helps you get through your travels. Got a cool app to so you don't ever have to print boarding passes again and you can get the latest fight information too. Good airline for the money.
3	As a company, Southwest Airlines always offers cheap fares considering you book early. You may sometimes get a "wanna get away" deal a week before your flight out of nowhere(cancelled flights).After a drunken weekend of drinking and no sleep, most visitors want to just get home. Unfortunately for me, my southwest flight was delayed two times. I had no choice but to find an empty area to create a makeshift sleeping area composed of dress shirts over my travel bag. Not a good place to nap due to the high traffic of travelers in gate B14. You feel like people are watching you sleep. Anyways, Southwest still gets my business if I want to fly again for cheap. Just wish their flights wouldn't be delayed so often. Also, they offer alcohol, soft drinks, and coffee on the plane. Snacks served are honey roasted peanuts and pretzels. And yes, bags really do fly free.I suggest arriving and checking early for your flight. You will increase your chances of getting seated in the front area, so you can get in an out quickly as possible.
3	The plane ride was smooth, seats are all leather and comfy.  I was very pleased.  My 3 star rating is all in the flight attendants attitude (they lost 2 stars for this)  The smiles were phony.  The way they (all) spoke to the passengers was condescending.  When I asked one of the women a question, she actually smiled big, pointed to her ear and said "weren't you listening to the announcement."  well since I'm hard of hearing in my right ear, I was not amused.    Another stewardess (I use this word lightly) asked, "Would you like peanuts?" without waiting for an answer shoves the bags at you.  SInce I typically ask for nothing on short flights, I didn't respond to any of the apparent attitude issues.  It was a brief flight into Las Vegas and I was to excited to care.  NOW - If it had been a long flight I would have possibly confronted or filed a formal complaint.
5	SWA is not perfect but they always get a B+ at least. I always shop around and I always come back to them. Their prices are too competitive and I LOVE BAGS FLY FREE!!It's no nonsense just get me where I want to go for a reasonable price and comfort level and service level, flying
2	Make sure you eat before you get there, not much there.
1	SWA check in counter in Las Vegas. Wow, rude and unprofessionalPeople. Never have I been treated like they are doing me a favor. I don't freaking think so! Hopefully it will be my last time using SWA! I am a Jet Blue fan and now I know why! SWA ground hired help is just that, hired help to SERVE the public. Not have some fuckin attitude to make you feellike your a studpid FUCKIN idiot. The check in dude was rude and if I owned this Co. I would fire his ass!
2	raising price, lower rating
4	I've used Southwest Airlines for three round trips from Reno to Las Vegas this year and the only problem I've had was a flight delay by ten minutes. Southwest lets you check in TWO 50lb bags for free. I always check in my bag because I'm really short and I hate the hassle of trying to get someone to help me put my bag in the cabin, then getting someone to help me take it down with everyone exiting the plane. I've never had a problem with my checked in baggage and I know how cruel the ground crew can be (my boyfriend used to work at McCarran and he said the ground crew members would just throw people's baggage around and into the trucks without even caring). The most that was ever done to my bag so far was an inspection and they left me a note to tell me my bag was searched. On my first flight to Reno this year, one of the flight attendants started singing on the microphone about what a great flight we've had and how he was glad to have us all on board. It was pretty entertaining and surprising. The flight crew has always been very friendly on all my flights thus far. They give you two bags of peanuts/pretzels and even more without hesitation if you just ask. On my last flight, I was reading the menu and saw they had a cranberry vodka special for five bucks and monster energy drinks for $3, which I think is pretty decently priced for an airline. All in all, I'm sticking to Southwest!
5	I love this airline there so cheap!
4	Racking up those miles! Ya! I have been flying by myself since I was six years old and I wish I could count those flights on my rewards now, but I doubt my parents thought to save that info. I would have so many free flights by now if they did! Anyway, I love Southwest. I have never had an issue with them. I am sure things happen and people freak out, but it happens. Yelling at someone is not going to solve your issues. I love them because they are simple and one of the only airlines left that doesn't charge for luggage under two bags. I think that is a pretty sweet deal for the blood thirsty economy these days. I get my money's worth, especially if I purchase flights during the sale times! Bingo! I once paid 40 bucks each way between Oregon and California! Today I booked another flight for $68! Woot!  I also enjoy their seating system. It is so simple and it makes people really competitive to check-in on time to avoid getting placed in the C group. I set my alarm for 5 minutes before I need to check-in the day before a flight and I am always in the A group. I would hate to be the one to choose between the last two middle seats, but hey you snooze you lose! :) This past weekend I had to go to a conference and all my flights were really funny in some way. The first one, the stewardess was freaking out the the Las Vegas Lingerie Football Girls were on the flight and even a Nascar driver, who sped off the plane (Pun intended) when we landed so I couldnt track him down! Bummer. Then another flight, my friend and I got be stewardesses for the flight, passing out snacks to the whole plane. It was really awesome and I love how the staff on Southwest flights are usually really fun and upbeat. I have had the occasional attitude here and there, but I do not make a big deal about it.We pretty much know what Southwest is, how to ride a plane and so on. So I will end this review by saying they have money when it comes flying, even when it comes to the little bottles of vodka and jack when it is just that type of day.
5	Man, SWA is five stars all the way. It's by far my favorite airline, and I try to use them whenever I fly anywhere they have flights. But let me tell you why I love them so!First of all, I love their fare sales. There are times when I had no intention of flying home (from LAS to BUR) for a particular weekend. But then they have a fare sale, and the flights go from about 220 RT to about 120. That's substantially cheaper than driving my vehicle to BUR and back, so I end up flying out. Second, I like their service. They've always been good and professional and nice when I've flown with them, so I have no cause to criticize. Even when I've BARELY made it to the terminal on time, they've been great about helping me. They're good people. Third, I like how their boarding process works. I like that it's more "first come first served" than the traditional "here's your ticket/system" system that most other companies use. So that's cool, too. Fourth, all that together creates really good synergy. I love it. I'll continue to fly SWA as long as they have great rates and provide good service!
1	It is so sad.  Southwest Airlines used to receive a 5 star rating from me.  This rating has dropped dramatically.  Reasons??1.  They have continued to raise rates.  If you compare the rates of their competitiors, it is strikingly the same.  2.  Their rewards system is now a joke!  In the past, you can receive a free ticket per credit.  Nowadays, they have a point system.  And, most of the point systems are on the high end.  3.  Most dates and times are blacked out.  4.  They have expired credits.  What?  We earned that man.  If you were to renew, you have to shell out another $50 buck for credits that you already earned.  This is stupid!As a frequent flier, I switched this year from SW to Delta. I still have my A-list for the next few months, but the Diamond status with Delta offers me more perks... i.e. First class/business upgrades, a hot meal, access to the SkyClub, free checked bags, priority check-in, and other better rewards.  Bye Southwest...
1	It is so sad.  Southwest Airlines used to receive a 5 star rating from me.  This rating has dropped dramatically.  Reasons??1.  They have continued to raise rates.  If you compare the rates of their competitiors, it is strikingly the same.  2.  Their rewards system is now a joke!  In the past, you can receive a free ticket per credit.  Nowadays, they have a point system.  And, most of the point systems are on the high end.  3.  Most dates and times are blacked out.  4.  They have expired credits.  What?  We earned that man.  If you were to renew, you have to shell out another $50 buck for credits that you already earned.  This is stupid!As a frequent flier, I switched this year from SW to Delta. I still have my A-list for the next few months, but the Diamond status with Delta offers me more perks... i.e. a. First class/business upgrades (thus far, 90% of my flights have been upgraded)b. A hot mealc. Access to the SkyClubd. Free checked bagse. Priority check-in, f.  Access to Free Movies/New releases, HBO, satellite tv (yes, I get to watch games on ESPN LIVE during those long flights between JFK and LAS and LAS to NC)g.  Wi-Fi on all flights.... And other better rewards.  After experiencing all this, I sometimes wonder why I stayed with SW so long... couldn't be the peppy cheerleading flight attendants... eeck...Bye Southwest...
4	Cattle cars since they offer no business or 1st class seats, but if you opt for early check-in capability, and check in early enough to get a low boarding number, you can grab a front row seat so at least you're one of the first to board and exit.  No baggage fee for the 1st checked bag either.And on this last flight back from Vegas to SEATAC, my checked suitcase was on a later flight - but they delivered it right to my home when it arrived in Seattle.  So that's a big bonus.
2	My reviews are pretty much the same as everyone else. Prices are sometimes good and bad. I use to be an "A-List" traveller from them but due to an incident I had with them, I took my business else where. Customer service is everything and that is something they lack!
4	I fly Southwest about 4 times a month for work. I like it a lot. It doesn't hurt that I'm A List so I always get a good seat. Also, I like that bags fly free. One benefit I was reminded of today was the fact they don't charge for changes to your flight. I tried to change a reservation on United today and was told I'd have to pay about $150 for the ticket change and another $150 or so for the new flight. WTF! That's at least as much as I paid initially for BOTH flights. None of that with Southwest. The other benefit is Southwest has a really good in-flight magazine. I always enjoy the articles. I do wish they had wi-fi on more of their flights though.
5	I try my very best to us Southwest. They are often on time, filghts not overbooked, no extra fees for everything and usually have the nice wifi access and lounges for the business traveler without having to go to the "fancy" rooms provided by other airlines. The staff are always friendly, check-in is usually a breeze with little effort. The only drawback to this is the airport itself, which I have already provided my opinion on and have been told that they are in the process of making a better place to go in and out of. Other than that, Southwest is the airline of choice. And now with the in-flight wifi, it makes it a no brainer for me!
4	We board the plane 30 minutes before the actual flight, to make sure that we leave on time! The flight from Las Vegas to Sacramento took 1 hour and 15 minutes! Not bad at all! During our 1 hour and 15 minute flight, the servers were very kind and polite. They serve soda, oranges, water, roasted peanuts, and pretzels while you are in there. The flight is a breeze and I wasn't afraid at all! It was a nice experience and I hope to be able to go on another trip with Southwest Airlines again.
1	People must HATE working on New Years Day. Dingy ass workers at Starbucks couldn't get out order right. Dude reading a magazine at Tap Out didn't give us any customer service. Guy at Lids was cool. Lazy ass lady at the oxygen bar didn't acknowledge us until 5 minutes later (there were NO customers). "Do you have any questions?" She said finally. "Not from you," I replied and walked away.Then when we went to board and the bitch at gate B14 (flight 3527) was like, "You have to line up in numerical order." And started calling our numbers out load like we were in pre-school! FUCK YOU OLD HAG!
5	Best airline. I LOVE SOUTHWEST.
4	Refuse to fly anyone else domestically! But lets face it, no airline deserves 5 stars...Flying has become such a hassle in the US that I refuse to PAY someone to hassle me even more! I had a flight booked for my husband, who then due to a medical emergency was put in the hospital. I called Southwest thinking that I was going to have to eat the ticket and was shocked. Even though it was about 6 hours until he was to fly out, they weren't rude, impolite, superior or anything of the sort. They canceled his ticket and gave 100% of the money back to me as Southwest credit!!!! Can you believe that?!?!As a result I have booked Southwest more and more and have become so impressed with their system. You can pull your reservation anytime and change your flights online. No penalties, No change fees, No problems. You just pay the difference in price if there is one. They don't charge for bags. If you check 2 bags per person with 2 people on a trip, that alone saves you $100! Also, when I flew earlier this month, we missed our flight due to me reading the incorrect email.... Well they got us on the very next flight, made sure we made our connection and again, NO FEE!
4	Southwest is really a great airline.There's a lot to review here, so I'm just going to be short and sweet.PROS:*iPhone app to check in early.*No baggage fees*No charge to change your flight (unless the prices went up, then you just have to pay the difference)*Easy check in*Polite workers*Easy flightsCONS:*3 to a row. But thats kind of standard with any airline nowadays, right?I will definitely use Southwest for all my domestic flying needs! :)
4	What can you say, they try to make flying fun. And when they change flights no fee YAY, but lets be honest the new cool younger airline Virgin America. But Southwest gets my needs done and tries to entertain me along the way but is it just me or are some of the flight attendants getting meaner...
4	Awesome airlines! The flight attendant didn't charge $5 to anyone who ordered an alcohol beverage! Drinks were on them, which was a perfect start to our flight to Vegas. It was definitely an entertaining flight esp. since he beat boxed over the intercom and during the safety speech, spoke as if he were hosting a live auction. I bought my flight 3 hours before the scheduled departure and prices dropped from $161 to $116, which saved me a whole lotta moolah. Best airlines when it comes to customer satisfaction and price - oh yea! and free pretzels & peanuts!
5	Best.  Really funny flight attendant guy today.  The jokes were non stop.
4	I'm surprised I haven't reviewed Southwest Las Vegas yet. I like to travel to Vegas two or three times a year and always fly Southwest. I'm loyal to my airline. Let's start with their prices, which can't be beat. I have found it to be extremely rare for Virgin or JetBlue to beat Southwest's prices. Also, you can't lose with their no baggage fees. I've never paid for checking in luggage and I don't intend to. Open seating? Awesome. For just $10 extra, you can purchase priority boarding, which will get you in and off the plane before many others. Most recently, Southwest has begun adding WIFI to their fleet and is starting at $5 per flight. While many other airlines get worse and worse, Southwest seems to get better.My fellow Yelper, Ashley S. did a good job of pointing out some of the pros and cons.Pros:Inexpensive flightsNo baggage feesNo change feesFriendly flight staffNever lost a bag of mineCons:None
4	By far this is the best airlines I EVER been on. Althought the plane could be cleaner, southwest is quick and friendly. They allow 2 free check-ins, whereas other airlines charge ~$25 a luggage.you can sit where ever you wish and they have the best prices as well.
4	For a crappy airline, they're pretty convenient and organized with the way you can check-in, board the plane, and getting your beverage. The stewardesses are very chill and silly.
5	Other airlines should take a training course from southwest on how to treat their guests! Great prices, awesome customer service, clean planes, quick to unload.....simply the best
4	Great flights for great prices.  When I fly from Cleveland to California, I can never get a direct flight.Also only drinks and snacks on the flight.  I do like the free bags, and have never been given an impossible transfer to make (like on US Air).I like their sense of humor, and the service is great.  I always try to fly southwest
2	I ABHOR THEIR OPEN SEATING ARRANGEMENTS! My husband is terrified of flying and because of that he refuses to enter a plane until the very last moment.  Unfortunatly for us, we didn't fully understand the open seating rule and we ended up losing our carry ons because it was a full flight and I had to sit apart from him and in between two big guys in the last row that doesn't recline.On our way home, it wasn't any better. We arrived late and it was the same issue.  Although I do appreciate the free check in bags, I cannot tolerate the open seating arrangement.  I will never fly Southwest because of that.
4	First time I've flown souhwest and was impressed.   The general seating threw me off for a bit but if you register early enough and check in, you'll be fine.  There was plenty of room on the flight as well.Overall, it was a cheap and great way to fly on the mainland... I just wish they had flights that cheap coming/leaving hawaii.
2	The people who work for SW are the best. There is no debating that. The air service is just fine too. Good flight schedules from my home airport.But what's up with the check-in process? It's been bad from day one and only continues to get worse. This is an airline built for non-business travelers, or people who travel infrequently for that matter. The mad rush to find seats is both inefficient and annoying.Bags free is great if you're traveling with a family. But for business travelers, who don't check bags anyway, the entire pre-flight process is a major hassle. Setting alarms for early AM, afternoon, or PM, to race and check-in is not convenient.Yes, I'm aware there are ways to check-in early...for a fee. Fees are something I expect on luggage, but not finding an aisle economy seat. In addition, "WIFI" has been promised for well over a year and I've yet to be in a SW plane with "WIFI" capability.SW has a cult-like following. I just don't see it.
5	The only way to fly.  Free bags, easy rewards for free flights.  Loses luggage like any airline, but actually tries to help you and will reimburse you.  Love them 100%.
5	I have been w/ Southwest since I started flying consistently and they have not disappointed.  There were a few late baggages, but they always compensated with a $50 voucher so I was always happy to get my next flight w/ a nice discount.They offer sales all the time, and their Rapid Rewards program is pretty awesome.  You can get points not only for flying, signing up for their credit card and using it, for renting cars, booking hotels, dining at participating restuarants, and even filling out customer surveys.  There are so many ways to earn points, and they are so easy to redeem on their website when booking flights.  They also send drink coupons and cool birthday tokens (such as luggage tags) to you in the mail.Their online system is amazing and easy to use.  Also, as an A-List member, I never have to wait in line to check in my bags, or wait long to go through security.Their planes are rather small and bouncy, but for the most part I feel safe on their flights.  Thank you Southwest Pilots, and flight attendants for always making me feel welcome, safe, and comfortable.Oh and don't forget their honey roasted peanuts!  They don't always have them, but when they do, it's delightful!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (43/365). I have a lot of catching up to do
5	We tryt to fly southwest as often as possible the service is unbeatable, the staff is friendly, why would you fly anything else?!
3	Flying in from Orlando was great. We landed an hour early, took the airport tram over to the baggage area, then out to the taxis and away we went. Leaving Vegas wasn't as easy. Southwest's curbside skycaps and check-in  were great. However, one person in our party had bought two very small Vegas souvenir snow globes. TSA wouldn't let him through with them. They escorted him back out so he could go to the post office on the other end of the airport to mail them home instead.Our flight was at Gate C1, so we thought that it would be nearby. Wrong. You have to walk (no people movers; no tram like you had when you arrived) at least 100 yards before you get to the first gates that start at number 25 or so. Gate C1 is the LAST gate rather than the first one. Eventually, you have to walk around that nice tram that carried you in upon arrival, then keep walking and keep walking and keep walking until you reach the crammed up gate where it's standing room only and decorated like a 1980's prison cafeteria.Obviously, they love to get you in, but never want you to leave.
5	I can't believe my eyes - less than a 5 staff from people; how?Never have a better experience from another airline.  My most recent travel, I had arrived 40 minutes ahead of schedule.  This is my primary airline... never another airline again (if I don't have to).No baggage fee, free drinks, food/snacks as much as you want..... :-)Most of the time the flight crew will make jokes or say funny things.All good stuff.
4	Love that Southwest has online or mobile check-in! Pretty awesome. I usually set my alarm 24 hours before the flight so that I know when to check in.  The process of booking my flight to Vegas from Sac was very easy (and moderately priced). I would NEVER drive to Vegas from Sac unlike my fiance who once did and said it was the worst 10 hours of his life.  That 1.5 hours on the plane went by so quickly.The staff were really nice and there were no delays on both the departing and returning flights. I like that the staff leaves you alone when you're sleeping and there is moderate leg space.  Did I also mention free check-in? Southwest, you make me very happy!
2	This airline is super dirty! On my flight to Vegas, I saw a chewing gum right next to my seat, and then I saw nuts on the carpet on my flight back to LA....don't they clean it?
5	I fly Southwest whenever I can. I fly frequently for business, and have had to endure other airlines (*cough* USAirways) which were absolutely abysmal. The staff is often humorous, they are caring and will bend over backwards to make sure you have a good time.It is stadium seating, so I usually look to snag the first center seat I see.Two bags for free?Come on now, this is a 5 star airline for sure.
3	It's no frills, which I'm ok with.  I can still check a bag and it's included in the up front cost, that's great.  There are usually convenient flights.  But my last flight sucked.  The poor 13 yo girl next to me barfed all over herself, and the flight attendent dropped off a plastic bag and some towels and basically said, "Good luck with that."  I got the kid cleaned up, rang again and ask for seltzer water, rang again and asked for towels so I could clean up her seat, rang again and asked the barf be taken away, and ultimately traded seats so her mom could sit next to her.  I should have gotten hazard pay.  Blech.  That's what I get for flying the Greyhound of the skies.
4	Gotta love cheap airfare!
1	If you like being treated like cattle by self important employees, then this is THE airline for you.  Southwest is the only airline that I'm aware of that doesn't allow you to pre-select a seat.  The SW zealots will tell laud the early bird check-in but that's just a facade that they use to extract more money from their cattle.  I'd actually be happy to pay extra to seat selection but all early bird gets you is a closer waiting spot to the cattle gate.  There is nothing "fun" about making a mad dash to a computer or phone to check-in 24-hours in advance in the hopes that you can get a decent seat.  Someone please tell me how a 6am flight is better when at 6am the previous morning, you have to check in.The no-charge for baggage claim is laughable at best.  I love that they claim to to save me $120 because they don't charge for baggage but then then charge about $120 more than the other airlines.Most employees are self-aggrandizing sheep that are empowered by the hubris of a company that cares very little about true customer experience and more about making a buck and disguising it as a fun experience.  The repetitive, lame jokes that the flight attendants keep telling add to the frustration of the terrible customer focus they have to begin with.  I'd prefer professional employees that don't dodge customer service issues with jokes and belittling attitudes. Whenever I have a choice in airlines, it's NOT Southwest.
4	Things to love about Southwest Air:1. Open seating.2. Bags fly free!3. I find that the selection of direct flights is better/cheaper than other carriers.4. I enjoyed a ton of free snacks on my most recent cross-country flight.5. Friendly and sometimes snarky/humorous flight crew.6. You can check in with your phone application!Things to not love about Southwest Air:1. Open seating.  Sometimes you can't register quite soon enough.  Then you end up in the C group probably sitting by people that take over parts of your seat or screaming babies.2. They don't fly everywhere.
3	Recommended: Pay the extra $10 for the early check-in instead of waiting impatiently by your laptop to check in online 24 hours in advance. I wish the flight attendants still told jokes. I miss that. Free bags is definitely a bonus. Make sure you factor that in when pricing flights.
3	I use this airline a lot since I fly for work  between SoCal and Vegas.  If I were paying  for the flight, think I'd go with Jet Blue instead.  but since I'm not, I get what I get.  Do not like the open seating. I have a disability with my leg that prevents me from bending it very much without excruciating pain. So... I have to do the bulkhead seat.  I pre-board, but fat lot of good that does when you are getting on a flight that already has other people on it  . Mostly the crew and attendants are nice and helpful but there is one named Beverly at the Vegas location who is a complete uber biatch. I have reported her terrible attitude to the airline. I don't mind a lot of things since it is only a one hour flight for me, but I DO mind that the last 3 trips .. my flights have been delayed because they were cancelled since the airplanes were not full.  Even if I were in perfect health, wandering around the Vegas airport for 4-8 hours is a form of torture.. But to do it with a bum knee and not have anyplace to elevate it.. makes mama grouchy...
4	Our flight heading to Vegas was tolerable, but the flight home the plane was rickety, squeaking, and smelly.  Seats are tight and uncomfortable but overall we got to and from our destination in one piece. Can't complain since the plane got us to and from and served its purpose for air travel.
4	When you're used to JetBlue nd VirginAmerica, it's hard coming here. I've had bad flights with Jet Blue (gonna be posted as well) and VA but they have the comforts I like. Southwest doesn't have a order of seating - first ome, first serve. Not bad. It was an empty flight so I was good. Free bags.They don't have a TV, good snacks, good beverages but eh, an hour flight. Seats are alright. Overall, this isn't bad for a short trip.
4	Man, I love me some Southwest.  They cut the BS and are in and out of every gate.  They've come up with a very fool-proof way to boarding people and I love their first come first serve seating.  Not the most luxurious planes, but if you're looking for a quick flight, in my case a 45 minute flight, then they are the way to go!
5	Fly the friendly skies.... It's Southwest! They don't have the best looking planes and first class is a myth! But boy do they get down to business!! You check in, line up, and they get you where you wanna go.... Fast! So who cares if they don't offer warm towels, or complimentary alcohol, or even wide roomy lounge chairs on their planes, I hate being in the airport or in the air for that matter longer than I have to be. I'll take SWA over any other airlines when it comes to getting me from point A to point B time after time...
1	The employees at Southwest are self righteous jerks. Especially Iesha at the counter gate B2.Really no seating and overbooking? Sent me to Vegas KNOWING all flights Id need were booked for the next 8 hrs! Totally NOT a problem to send me and my 2 children to a city that we'd be stuck in for 8hrs.LAME
5	Love flying Southwest, wish they flew to every airport
1	I love Southwest. I love Vegas. But, when you add the two together..... It's a bloody late mess. Please stop over selling your seat!
5	Everyone was very very helpful. Im glad I chose SW.
2	I felt like a little sardine in a can.  I don't remember being so cramped last time I was on an airplane.  That was probably 10 years ago though....I have been to way too many restaurants in the last 2 years.  Of course, it was only a 737, not a 747 so that made a difference, I am sure.  Not sure about the "no electronics" rules they have.  They guy in my row filmed the entire take-off and landing.  Not sure if it is safe or unsafe.  The attendants didn't seem to care (or notice).  Someone dropped a terribly nasty "bomb" in the restroom towards the end of the flight.  Oh well....  We made it to Vegas and back in 2 pieces.  The price is right.  I just want bigger seats.
5	Gramps & me flew with the Honor Flight organization of Southern Arizona on Southwest Airlines. They are a sponsor of the non-profits efforts to get WW2 veterans back to Washington DC to view the WW2 monument. Southwest made the best arrangements to get the vets flown in style. We were treated very well, announced on every flight & had the best service at every stop where our little armada of wheelchairs required a bit more attention than the average customer. Everyone was so nice & helpful keeping our group on track.I was also pleased to see in the on-flight menu that there are some days when flyers are treated to a free drink. Some of them are: New Years' & Father's Day. This could vary by route but I still thought it was pretty nice!
4	One of only airlines who doesn't charge for bags. It's cheapest option. They don't have tvs on the planes, but I don't mind. I rather save over $100 than to pay it for tv and fees from other airlines. They have free drinks and snacks. And the snacks are better than other airlines. Not just peanuts and pretzels. They have cookies and crackers too. Free too! The seats are okay, maybe a tad smaller than other airlines. However, for every airline. Seats have it drawbacks, either not enough leg room, seat won't go back than you like, or seat is small.As for the stewards, sky caps, and other customer service agents. I haven't had a problem. But like other businesses, you'll get good ones and bad ones.I'll fly from this airline until other airlines stop charging bag fees and have the flights I want. For now, SWA is the best option for me.
4	Quick and simple check in! I flew standby out of Vegas and the counter service was pleasant!  Helped me on my way and let me know if I would be bumped at the next stop, which I was :)  but I flew for FREE!
4	Empty flight...gotta love all the room...and the peace and quiet:)
1	Southwest there are who there are. They just fly you from one spot to one spot. I really wished they had a better attitude about there customers, because we do pay them to fly on there planes. 1 star is all they are getting from me, because all I got was one smile from any of there staff.
5	two day old plane from LAS to PDX...new Boeing 737-800.  EXCELLENT and modern.  was worried about seating, but bought early bird for $10 and it was worth it, sat right up front.  super friendly staff...i mean they were smiling the whole flight.  customer service AMAZING compared to even Alaska.  i will fly Southwest again.
4	Ding.  Yo, I wanna get away, hook me up with a flight to Vegas son.  I dig your rappin' flight attendants, Southwest A/L, dude's all up on youtube tearin' it up...and I dig your 2 carry-on items with no Benjamins or dead prez involved - mo' money mo' problems for me not chu'.  I book ma' flights online without the hustle-bustle-ma-nizzle at the airport.Yo Southwest, them pilots are cool cats too.  One of them dudes straight up told me "keep your tush in the cush until we push."  How many pilots gots rhymes like that?  And let's not forget the safety announcers, they be phat!  I heard one say: "Should this flight turn into a cruise, your seat cushion can be used for floatation."  They gots humor for the homeys!When I get my bidness off the plane, an attendant told me "Please be careful when retrieving your luggage and personal belongings from the overhead bins. Shift happens."  Ya'll crackin' me up, y'allz are riotz up in there, mang!
1	The lackluster way they let a person to save all the front rows for here I in-laws when there were handicap people like me who needed it. And yes I payed the $5 to post this from my plain
3	I kind of like the bus style of seating, you know, you can choose where you sit as you get on the plain. It's certainly troublesome if you are trying to sit in a large group. And it surely doesn't help that the average american is quite selfish, thus, not filling the plane up based on the seat they want from the front to the back.Checking in 24hrs early doesn't necessarily guarantee you a higher standing of getting into the plane first either, perhaps people have to check in a little bit further ahead of schedule?Wasn't too happy that the curb-side check guy misplaced my bag to a different flight, I may have forgotten to tip him but that doesn't merit sending my stuff elsewhere.
4	I like the flight availability and the upfront pricing.  Flights are generally on time.  One thing I don't like is that when a flight is early, it has to sit on the tarmac.  They put it up as landed, but since they have the flights scheduled back to back, so that the flight cannot unload because there is not room.
5	I was very late leaving LV for home and was not likely to make it in time, all flights were booked through the next day, and had my 2 kids and a sick wife in tow.  The SW curbside check guy was a great help, and helped me get checked in quick and on the plane.  Couldn't have done it without him.  Hope my phat tip made your day. THANKS!
4	On what could have been a horrendous evening by any other account, my plane out to San Jose was delayed then our plane was struck by lightning (horrible thunder storms on this lovely desert night), and then the waiting game began.I trudged-annoyed-down to Starbucks and figured I'd recaffeinate so as to not reconsider screaming at the top of my lungs. The Southwest guys ahead of me in line were sweet and asked how my night was going and where I was headed. I told them where I was "theoretically" headed and they smiled and one of them said "Don't worry, we'll get you there." When I got up to the counter and ordered my drink, I was informed that it had already been paid for by Craig, the crew member who assured me I'd get home. This kind gesture turned my night around and sure enough, I got a flight home :)Thank you Craig, you saved my evening!
4	Only 128 reviews for Southwest in Las Vegas???  I was going to post a short quip about how awesome SW is but apparently I need to do more. Unless you are traveling cross country or internationally...Fly Southwest. After being torn a new one at the "self-service" kiosk at SPIRIT for my bags, the whole 2 bags fly free thing carries alot of frickin weight...*Symbols Crash* ... puns aside, they are always on time, their flight crews are always funny, upbeat and happy to be there ( or at least make a great facade), In flight drinks are cheap, they give you those crack-like salted peanuts AND they have the best Safety record of any domestic US Carrier. Every time I get on one of their 737's I know I am going to have a great flight. Thank You Southwest for having Positively Outrageous Service  and executing it like you do.
4	2 free check in bags! Yes!!!
5	I am always very happy with Southwest, but I was extra happy this time because they have some new air planes!!There's more space for carry on's up top and the seats were comfortable, they had different color lights up top and it was just overall nicer and more roomy!
5	IMO, the best way to fly. Easy on, easy off, and non-stop Little Rock to Vegas and back flights daily.
4	Really happy with southwest airline, they don't charge for luggage, very funny, layback and nice flight attendant. Offering a very reasonable price. Please check their website for special offer. Last trip for me to Vegas from Oakland only cost me $49 one way. Looking forward to go for another trip with southwest.
1	Worst experience with an airline in 40 years! Today's flight was delayed 5 hours; fine, that happens. But they announced the new departure time of 830PM via text. When I got to the gate (at 755), it said new ETD 810! Great I thought, but what about the people who think it's still 830? Yeah, this plane won't leave b4 then. Whatever. Then I hear a guy at the counter upset that he missed his flight to Hartford. Hartford? That's where I'M going! Turns out the flight left at 757! 2 minutes after I got to the gate, 13 minutes before their sign said, and 33 minutes before their text message said! Since when does a plane leave early just because they want to? Is a 5 hour delay not enough of an imposition, but now they leave b4 the promised time?! The ONLY reason to fly SW is a direct flight. of course, I'm now rebooked on a connecting flight the next day. Also, I was an A priority boarder, now I'm a B (that's the least of my problems, but that's how they make up for their idiocy??) I don't complain about airlines, because I expect them to suck. But at SW, they try harder...to suck.
4	Very satisfying trip! Reasonable prices with lots of destinations. First time flying with this airline. The flight and cabin crew was quite amiable and so lighthearted/comical! While taking off and landing, I actually laughed out loud at their humorous announcements (while still being safe of course!) No fee for checking two bags and carry ons, peanuts/pretzels and drinks, overall  a happy flight. I'm excited to look up tickets for my next trip!
5	Las Vegas - The home hub of my favorite domestic airlines. If I could take Southwest everywhere, I would, but alas I cannot. I must put up with all the other dinky airlines including United and US Airways. SW never loses my luggage and I know I don't have to pay for it if I decide to check it in (unless of course it ways a million pounds). I'm not really happy with the random seat assignments, but hey, it works. Their crew is always always cheerful and peppy. Good people to hang out with if you are on a 6+ hour flight!
4	Not much frills but straight forward flights. Vegas flight was awesome and they recognized an upcoming bride by having us cheer her on. How nice! They got things done fast and efficient all with a friendly smile on their faces. I have never flown with them except for short flights to Vegas or the Bay Area and I don't have any complaints yet. LOL Since they have the corner market on short flights almost anywhere from my home airport of Burbank, I'm glad I can take them pretty much anywhere and have an assortment of flight times. And they do have good prices when you catch them on sale which is pretty often. :) I also love the fact that bag check-in is free. Yup 2 bags! I was off to Vegas and needed outfit choices so I brought the big luggage. :) Of course 50lbs or less! I like being able to get to my flight without having to lug or carry anything.  I definitely will travel with them again. I love how the crews for my round trip flight were upbeat and funny! See you guys soon! :)
4	It's Southwest. They got their game on lock.  Yes we had to move a couple of terminals down, but that's okay.  We departed a little bit after the schedule, but the flight crew was nice, and i wasn't really in a rush.  The fares as always, were pretty cheap.  I'l defintiltey fly SW again.
4	I almost always fly with Southwest. They keep their prices low, they don't nickle and dime you on things like baggage, their employees are almost always awesome, and they fly where I want to go usually. The one area where Southwest has started to disappoint me is punctuality. My last trip with Southwest were delayed, both coming and going. My trip prior to that, I was delayed coming home. On my husband's last trip on Southwest he too was delayed both coming and going. I get it, mother nature happens, and Southwest can not control the weather. They can improve a little on their communication at the gate though.On my most recent flight, returning to Vegas from Tucson, after being delayed over an hour I encountered the only Southwest Airlines employee that I have ever felt was rude. She was clearly frazzled by the delay, and she was taking it out on the passengers by huffing and/or sighing when people asked for things like blankets or airport information. In my opinion, when a flight has been delayed the passengers should be treated even more courteously then typical, and for the most part on Southwest that happens, which is why I think this flight attendant's attitude stood out to me.I am a fan of Southwest regardless of the occassional delays and random surly flight attendant. I hope they step their game up in terms of punctuality, so I can bump them up to 5 stars!
3	It's amazing how a sense of humor can change the perception of a business  from poor to good. This is the case with me upping Southwest Airlines from a poor to good rating.   I have been flying with Southwest Airlines for years. Lately, what was once a hip and reputable airline had taken a nosedive toward becoming like Spirit Airlines. My last couple of experiences with Southwest Airlines were unpleasant. Last year on a flight bound for Vegas, Southwest Airlines lost our luggage. A couple of hours later they'd find it, and deliver the luggage to us with a $50 complimentary ticket. I was not impressed with the manner in which their baggage agents handled the situation. They were uninterested, and there was no urgency. Fast forward to the flights from Midway. My dad's flight got delayed three hours. Southwest Agents were out of the loop to what was causing the delay. The cause was a mechanical problem. When they bring a replacement airplane, there is another delay. And on my brother's and my flight, there was another delay. Lining up to board the airplane is a hassle. Southwest separates their passengers into three groups from A to C. Of course, we'd be in the C group causing us to be the last to get on the plane. Let me say that it is not an enjoyable experience to have to fly over the country between strangers, especially when they are unpleasant.   Southwest Airlines has a weapon that is underutilized in business. It is a sense of humor. Unfortunately the humorous flight crews are being utilized less. Flying back from Chicago we were fortunate to have a humorous flight crew. Their jokes diffused a tense environment. Passengers who entered the plane tense and miserable left smiling and relaxed. I was one passenger.   Another thing I like about Southwest, that would always keep my rating of 2 or higher, is sufficient human beings at the ticket counter. I HATE when airlines replace human ticket agents with machines. And this has happened to me at the so-called premium airlines like Delta.   Southwest Airlines is an example of a business utilizing employees with a good sense of humor to achieve a favorable impression with customers. It worked with me.
4	Please get TV's on your new planes.  Fly on one of you their new planes just recently the WiFi didn't work & there was no running water on the plane, I sure hope they paid a lot of money for this POS.  It's the largest carrier in and out of Las Vegas but they really need to work on amenities like TV's, WiFi and running water!
3	I used to love flying Southwest, but after flying Virgin, I am now a little spoiled.  I do love the free bags and free flight changes and cancellation.  One big dislike is if you have a credit on a flight, it has to be YOU that uses it and you have to FLY out by the expiration of the credit.  Not just purchase the flight by then.  When I first found that out, I was really annoyed, but I took a last minute trip to Vegas and it ended up fine.Their new Rapid Rewards system is another negative in my book.  Well, I guess it's not so new anymore, but I wish they had converted all my old points into the new point system instead of basically making them useless.  Oh well.  It's Southwest and it's cheap.  Good for short flights.  Anything over a couple of hours I'll fly another airline.
4	Why do I fly Southwest to Vegas every freaking time? Because it's an hour to Burbank, that's why!
3	Southwest is my default airline when I travel within the US, especially to Las Vegas. They offer great deals most of the time and haven't had an issue with delays more than 10 min.Sure the seats aren't the most comfy but SW is pretty much for travelers who just want to get from point A to point B on a budget.Of the 8 years I have flown SW, I had only one negative experience, which was resolved in a fair manner. Last weekend, I had to check-in my bag since there was no more room for my carry-on. I never check-in my bags since I have a fear of my bags getting lost. Anyways, so I just decided to go with the flow and of course my biggest fear comes true...my bag gets left behind during my transfer in Oakland. Southwest tried to coordinate to have my bag come in on the last flight at the night. I decided to come in to pick it up since they offered me a $50 credit if I came in. Unfortunately, my bag was not able to make the last flight. At this point I was pretty angry since I had a wedding to attend the following afternoon. However, they made sure they put the bag on priority for the first flight into Las Vegas and offered me another $50 credit. Surely enough, my bag came in early in the morning. Although this was very inconvenient for my family and I, I did appreciate their effort in getting my bag to me and compensating for it. Thanks SW!Cheap, on-time and great customer service + lack of amenities and uncomfortable seats = 3.5 stars
3	Have not had the best of luck in Vegas with SWA. Some agents go above and beyond and the rest are mediocore. Inconsistant.
1	I have to give a star but if I could, I would have given no star. Customer service at the check in window at the Las Vegas airport was not at its best. An older woman named Karen is one who is not very friendly and made our experience awful. She didn't greet us warmly but instead called us by saying next. No smile. Gave us a lecture about what we should have when traveling and went on rambling about it until we left her window. We were also trying to help speed up process by putting our luggages down for her but she insisted on us putting heavier luggage down first after already putting down a luggage for her (how can she tell which is heavier if the luggages are the same size?) She made us take luggage off to put the other luggage on. I've never had to do that with other airlines. Other airlines weigh the luggages in the order you take them off luggage cart. It would have been nice if she had engaged in small talk and to wish us a fun trip but instead we had to experience poor customer service and left her window dissapointed and upset.  There was a woman behind Karen, helping her carry luggage behind the counter, it would have been nice to be greeted from her instead of giving us hard looks. I hope the service gets better for that location, because they represent Southwest.
4	The majors (UA, AA, Delta) all should go through customer service training from Southwest.  SW's customer service is a thousand times better than the major arlines combined.  These guys understand, and I believe actually care, about the customer.  That statement is simply not true at most other Domestic carriers (especially United right now).  Not only is SW focused on customer service, they are keenly focused on getting their aircraft turned around as quickly as possible - no other airline can turn around a packed 737 faster than SW can.  The one downside for me is that they don't have first class.  I understand that isn't part of their business model and I can respect that.  As a result, I generally only fly them for short haul flights (90 min or less) - I'm 6'2" and need space to be able to work, something that first class affords me the ability to do.For shorter haul flights, SW really can't be beat.
4	You usually find the cheapest tickets here, but their baggage claim SUCKS. Just make sure you don't check in late! I made my flight, but apparently they lost my luggage. I had to drive back to the airport twice to finally get it half a day later. However, they did give me a $50 credit for my next flight, which is cool. While on the plane, you get drinks, peanuts, and pretzels :)
4	Cheap flights and two free check in luggage. Pretty easy system to return your flights as well since you get credit that is good for a year.
5	After delta and united delayed my bags by several hours I have a great appreciation for southwest. I have flown with them more than any other airline since they have more options when flying to CA. They have not yet lost my luggage (knock on wood)..the seats aren't the best but i can live with that on short flights. Not having to pay the extra $25 for checking in luggage is a huge plus. The employees seem to be happier (compared to delta and jet blue) and the flight attendants are usually friendly (9 out of 10). The pilots usually get us to the destination city on time or a few min earlier.
4	Southwest is my primary choice for flying in the U.S. It's all about your bags flying free! When I fly domestic airlines in other countries, it's free for your bags up to a maximum weight. We shouldn't have to pay here either, especially in addition to our seats on the plane. I've worked in a Southwest Airline terminal in the airport for a couple years too, but for serving food to them and flying customers. As a fellow neighbor employee and customer, I've always had pleasant encounters with their friendly and smiling attitudes. I had a delay one time with them and seen many people have delays with them too. However, we can't change the weather or expect the unexpected difficulties amongst planes all the time. They handle problems professionally and well! I'll always choose their "Wanna Get Away" prices!
5	If you watch Mad Men, you notice that only upper crust, ubber wealthy people use to ride on airplanes.  It was a major luxury to be able to spend that much to get around.   Then coming back to the present time... it's still a luxury to be able to fly, however, it's more of a necessity now.  Especially, when driving to LV from SF takes way too long for my taste.  Plus, time is money!  I've traveled to and from Las Vegas many times and the service is always pretty good.  It's been on time, the lines move smoothly and efficiently, and the overhead compartments for my luggage is pretty easy to take care of.  I don't have any complaints.  And this time, we arrived 15 minutes early to LV, which is good because time is money, honey.
2	I used to love Southwest but the customer service seems to be lacking. It's disappointing to me because they used to be very good. I give 2 stars because they still let you take 2 bags for free but I would pay for my second bag for better customer service on and off the plane. I am also not a fan of open seating. It give me more of a headache wondering if I am going to be able to sit with my girlfriend on a long flight. Let the passengers book a seat online like everyone else and it will be less stress for us travelers.
1	Be careful.  Coming home from Vegas Southwest Airlines lost half of our luggage on Sunday.  Four of us travelled and two large pieces were lost this week.  We learned during this process that the airline tags used to identify your luggage are not scanned into the system.  This is hard to believe in a data driven society.   They have no idea what happened: if they were stolen from the airport, if they stayed on the plane we were on to Chicago and went on to Kentucky, or if they are in an airport somewhere in the US.  The claim process seems draconian.  They want receipts for every little item, and we'll have to buy all new clothes and accessories in advance.  :(
2	I love southwest for their flexability and prices. AS FOR THE LAS VEGAS CHECK IN PERSONNEL... They have repeatedly been the absolute WORST I have ever dealt with in the entire airline industry and I take an average of 20 Round Trip flights per year. I am finally taking the time to write this review after my 4th horrible experience her at the Las Vegas airport. They are rude, unprofessional, lazy, and go out of their way to make traveling more difficult for you. ..  It's just so sad because they are a great airline in many other ways.
5	Cannot go wrong with this airline. Pay the extra $10 for early bird check in and enjoy your travels. One day...all carry on bags will be banned! You carry-oners drive me nuts!
4	Bags fly free, I'd give them 5 stars if I got to fly free.  So it will stay to just 4 stars for now. I prefer to drive between California and Las Vegas, but when I fly I got no choice, my travel department usually books Southwest. I remember the days of flying Southwest on a weekly basis.  These were the days when I was Premier (Southwest's version of Elite).  You have to go through the whole "cattle call", but I didn't because I was usually the early A's.  Now that I don't fly as much, I'm one of the C's and if I'm lucky maybe a B. So now, you'll find me in the back or squeezed in-between two of the biggest people in the world.  It's cool though, they make perfect arm rest or a shoulder to lean on. I also usually try to use the bathroom before I board because SW's bathrooms are usually small and dirty.  Besides the whole unassigned seats and bathrooms, I like Southwest.  If you're flying Southwest, you're usually flying a short distance anyway.  Flights are cheaper, wifi is only $5, and there's flights scheduled to SoCal throughout the day (notice I didn't say Cali). You can say that Southwest is my comfort food of flying. I'm a fan, mainly because I gots no choice. By the way...the highlight on any Southwest flight...SkyMall Magazine Baby!!
5	Thanks for a great flight.  Service was great and the plane was on time
5	I give southwest airlines 5 stars because I work for this company. This company is really great to work for. They offer their employees great bennifits. And as advertised  Bags fly free.. oh and I love the fact that I fly free and also my family. Great company.. I see people on here complaining on how southwest planes don't have any TV's etc.. and its because less weight to the plane less fuel it consumes on take off and if less fuel is consumed the less the air fair costs are. I would like to pinpoint that to the people who nag that this airline is the biggest and no TV's on the aircrafts.
4	I loved their new 737-800 It was beautiful and very comfortable.  The snacks on board were good as well.  My only comment with them is what happened to the relaxed easy going company that they used to be. They used to be funny and fun and crack jokes and all sorts of fun stuff. I haven't seen that at all lately the last few times I flew with them.  Don't get me wrong, they were not rude at all by any means but just not their fun selves that they used to be.
4	Typical SW. The staff is friendly. Sometimes, flights to/from here get really booked, especially when it's during snow season and everyone's trying to go eastward. I never had any issues with my flight, thank goodness. Their gates are super crowded though. So if you want to sit down and wait for you flight, get here early.
3	Pretty Good Airline overall, more of a Bus in the Sky if you will. I have actually grown to like the anything goes, sit-where-you-want thing they got going. Minus 1 star because they always take forever to unload the baggage here. But they don't lose it (like they do in Burbank and Sacramento).
4	As I begin my traveling gypsy routine with work I have chosen Southwest as my airline of choice out of convenience.I enjoy the crews with their fun personalities and the fact that I can check in 24 hours in advance and get my order number for seating is a total bonus.It's a pleasure to be able to seat myself, front, middle or back and aisle, window or middle.  Typical airline stuff otherwise, drink service, and snacks are nice.  One of the only airlines to offer free checking of two, yep I said it two bags.  Now that's service!Sign up for the Rapid Rewards and work your way towards a free flight or some nice little upgrades.Always satisfied with Southwest!
5	I love Southwest, and this one was no exception.  The staff is always friendly, and they definitely go a step above most airlines to make sure you have a great experience.  Travelling can be stressful, but at least I know that I can trust Southwest to take care of me.
5	glad to know airlines still leave on time and don't nickel and dime for everything. the staff is super friendly. the promise for wifi is quickly shot down when you get on the plane and notice it's a charge but that's to be expected. I love the fact that two bags fly free!!!!! sweet!!!
2	southwest is starting to not be as good as it used to be. i seem to be delayed on 80% of the flights i take!i probably wont stop flying them cuz they still are the cheapest (usually). so, i guess you get what you pay for!
5	Best rewards program
5	Rapid rewards are awesome
4	I was able to buy a ticket from Las Vegas to Burbank last minute on a Friday. Viva Southwest for selling affordable tickets and flying into Burbank (so I don't have to haul my butt across Los Angeles during rush hour traffic).
5	One of the Best SW Transfer Points - Far Better Stop Than Denver SITREPAll things being equal, not all SouthWest Airlines Airport Concourses treat you the same.  Some are better with their connected flight logistics than others.SETUPTake my recent trip to New Orleans.  The flight going there had me switch places in Denver, CO.  The flight back had me switching here in Las Vegas, NV.   TRANSFER IN DENVER TO NOLA - NIGHTMAREFlying in from Sacramento on Flight 580 on Thursday morning to Denver.  Deplaning from that flight, and transferring to the Seattle Flight enroute to New Orleans that stops in Denver.  I arrive at Gate C29 and I am supposed to get to Gate C49 almost a mile away.   I have a planned 40 minutes between arrival and departure to sprint down the C Concourse.  And that's if the plane arrives on time.  Which it didn't.  It was about 10-15 minutes late.  So from the moment I get off my Sacramento Flight to the where I am to catch transfer to the Seattle Flight going to New Orleans at Denver, I am making a mad dash to try to catch my plane.TRANSER IN VEGAS ON WAY BACK TO SACRAMENTO - GREATFlight was actually 30 minutes early on top of a 1 hour lay-over.  The Gates were only only TWO (2) gates apart.  I had to time to catch my breath.  Get some breakfast.  Set up the laptop and do some wifi'ing before getting on my transferred flight back to Sacramento.  Totally relaxed.THE LOWDOWNI like it when a flight plan with a transfer gives you enough time and doesn't make you engage in a sprint to catch your transfer flight.  SouthWest Airlines in Vegas did it right.
5	This is the same review as my other Southwest check-in at BWI but it applies to every Southwest flight you will take!Southwest Airlines knows how to do it!  It starts from their customer service agents.  They are always willing to help with a smiling face!  On to their boarding process which I know is different from every other airline.  Un-assigned seating actually makes the process go so much quicker!  You don't have to worry about paying extra for an aisle, window or exit row.  It seems like more and more airlines are charging for this.  Very sad.  On the flight, their flight attendants are top notch!  This is comparing to US Airlines or Delta whom I've flown many times.   SWA flight attendants are actually happy!  They keep your drink full and hand out snacks several times during a longer flight.  It's not just a bag of peanuts to tide you over for a long flight.   They offer 'Plane' cookies, 100 calorie cookie bags, wheat thins and other tasty treats!  Bonus~  you don't need to whip out cash for these!  The pilots like to keep you updated with the weather and when we should be landing.  I know first hand, these pilots are extremely well trained and prepared for any situation.  They are the best in the world! Another great option for flying is buying their Wifi.  For the 5 hour flight I took, this was absolutely great!  You can only play so many games on your iPad.  Having the ability to send emails, check social websites and just chat with people at home makes the time go by so quickly!  As far as my money goes, you can't get any better than Southwest Airlines!  You are treated with respect and always greeted with a smiling face.  Thank you again for a great flight! I know I'll be back soon!
5	Southwest is great!!!  Typically well priced, typically efficient and typically on time!  Of all the airlines, Southwest is my favorite!
4	Southwest has lots of great flight options from all over to get to Las Vegas and the fares are unbeatable, it's almost too easy, i.e. too tempting, to just jump on a flight to go have too good of a time in Vegas.
5	So far so good! Melanie said that she would never work for anyone else... Assisted us with a smile :)
5	Love these guys, my husband and I missed our flight by 6 minutes, but the woman at the counter got us on the next flight out for no additional charge.  This is why I fly them, their people are great and there's no bullshit fees.
5	My favorite airline of all time. I am never disappointed, and I will never stray to another airline because I sure do love Southwest. Not only are the flights easy to book, but there is always a deal. Not only is your luggage free to bring, but they don't lose your bags! Not only are there drinks on the plane, but the flight attendants love hooking you up if you're nice!Of course the MAIN reason I love Southwest airlines is because of their flight attendants. Have you ever YouTube'd all the hilarious videos of the flight attendants doing their announcements?? So funny!! These guys rock.
2	Checking into the flight at Las Vegas was less than convenient because over half of their kiosks had out of order signs. There was an agent barking at those trying to check.  She said that they had to form only one line, but the rope dividers were not set up properly for one way flow and some had missed the turns in the flow.  She just barked at them, that there was only one line... People were confused but she treated them as if they were trying to cut in line...which they were not.
1	If you ever think about taking Southwest Airlines out of Las Vegas please rethink your decision.  This is the second time with delays flying in and out. Not sure if Southwest Airlines is the red headed stepchild in Las Vegas or the sheer volume of flights is too much for the airlines.  This trip started at 11:45 at 5:00 we are still in the airport because of 1) our airport has low cloud issue for flying in 2) we waited long enough for a storm to hit Las Vegas 3) after being in the q for take off returned to terminal for a new captain? 4) once at the terminal we are now grounded because of lighting 5) what next?
4	I really enjoyed my flights with Southwest. Finally I can fly straight to vegas from Bishop International airport instead of Detroit......YES! Two free luggage, two carry-on items at no charge.....YES! No seating arranged with Southwest so If you check in online 24 hrs before your flight, your chances are better on getting seated sooner than later. The only thing that annoyed the shit out of me was the douch bag on the way home sitting behind me that would not stop kneeing the back of my seat. People, I thought I was gonna have to get Hood in the friendly sky...Lol
1	I fly Southwest a lot, but the past few trips have been extremely frustrating.  They used to always be on time, lately they are constantly delayed.  I have to think they've changed something with their management.  This delayed stuff used to be the exception, now it's the norm.  Time to switch to another carrier?
5	I have only great words to say about my experiences with Southwest Airlines! If I can fly with Southwest, I will do ( Denver, Vegas, Dallas, Chicago... You name it)  One of my lovely experience with them was amazing!I have no idea how I missed my plane flying from Las Vegas, NV  back to San Francisco, California, while I was sitting at the gate... I was reading a book and must have spaced it out that I haven't even heard my name when they called me or must have been still excited about my friend's wedding that I went to and me being their wedding photographer.... A very nice employee/ agent at the desk was so helpful and gave me a few options and sent me right away to a different terminal to catch my new flight that was flying to Oakland, California. I landed even before my original time that was scheduled to San Francisco Airport. The only thing I had to take care of, was to get my luggage from the originally scheduled airport. That was totally fine with me. The most important thing for me was that I needed to be back that day and that mission was 100 percent accomplished.Southwest is one of my favorite airline! They have always great deal! You can bring your luggage for free on a plane. There is no change fees in case you need to cancel your flight or you keep your credit if needed.Their boarding system is a bit different from the other airlines which I totally don't mind at all. I think unassigned seating is not bad at all. Southwest employee/ agents are always smiling and nice and willing to help! Look forward to fly with Southwest Airline again!
2	I've never really experienced a problemWith southwest until now. I was not informed by email (which is what I signed up for to be notified if something goes wrong) that my flight was delayed by 2 hours. I have been at LAS airport since 4:30 waiting for my 6:50pm flight home(southwest flight 158 to OAK 9/19). Only to realize at 6:45 that my plane was not at all in view at gate C7. The lady next to me was the one who informed me that our plane was delayed. She said she had received a text! I am beyond annoyed, bc I do not want to spend my birthday on a plane going home. AND there was no announcement whatsoever over the loud speaker about this flight being delayed. I've been here for 3 hours and have heard a handful of other flight delays/gate changes, but nothing about flight 158 to OAK.
4	I give it 4 out of 5 because I like this airline better then most (Virgin Air is my favorite). The pros are: cost (It is usually pretty fairly priced), flights to Vegas usually happen about every hour, usually a speedy check in once it gets started. Cons: customer service is not always that great, no-frills compared to virgin air, several of the A list boarding is reserved so you have to check in exactly 24 hours before your departure time or else you will be in the back of the plane and possibly no room for your carry-on.
1	Southwest airlines has a horrible credit voucher policy. PLEASE BE AWARE ANY FUTURE TRAVELERS. I spent 100 with them about 2 weeks ago and they  refuse to give me credit back to spend on a future flights.  They say that because I used old credit worth $59 with them from a year ago the $100 I spend recently will expire on the same date. What kind of company does that? Do clothing companies at the mall say you can't return clothes because you've used credit? That makes no sense, it's closer to robbery.I used to be a loyal customer, but I will be flying Virgin Airlines to Las Vegas from now on.
1	This review is for my recent experience in Las Vegas only (because otherwise I really like SW a lot!!)  Rude, rude rude lady at check in. It was very early, not yet busy so I am not sure what her issue was. Beside being snappy, she clearly saw I was writing out a tag for my bag yet threw it on the belt anyway and said 'too late' . Also, 4 of us were travelling together, with 5 bags total. She had us put up only one bag at a time and check ID, yet she still managed to get the wrong name on every single bag. Very poor service, very disappointed, SW. I know you can do better...this bad egg needs to go if she is so miserable.  I did also try to send an email to SW to advise of the ssituation, but was unable to do so, the website does not seem to be working properly. Or maybe they just do not want to hear the criticism.
2	Love Southwest, but for some reason at this airport, my flight is always delayed, and the gate is super far for arrivals and departures. This particular airline had the rudest flight attendants, which is not normal for Southwest. Specifically one flight attendant that was rude when my friend and I tried to sit in a 2 seater, and he told us it was taken when there was nothing on the seats to imply that. Then he completley ignored me during the drink requests and was just mean all throughout the flight. Wish I caught his name to write a formal complaint to SW.
5	I was at LAX terminal 1 yesterday during the shooting. I was in lockdown for 6 hours. I've got to say Southwest was awesome in how they handled the situation. The PR lady from Lithuania kept everyone calm and informed every minute along the way. We ended up driving and our luggage was lost. The customer service lady went out of her way to re route our luggage. The situation was not Southwests fault but they were AWESOME In how they handled everything. Thank you!!  Its worth flying SWA anywhere they fly.
2	Southwest Airlines does have convenient flights times but the service is mediocre most of the time. Firstly, my husband and I checked in online at the same time but got different boarding groups - one in A and one in B. When we proceed to board together at the gate as coupDoesn't make any sense to make a couple traveling together
4	Flights delayed often and was cancelled today. I hope my southwest flights are cancelled more often. :)
5	I left my driver license at my gate before flying out of Las Vegas and was very scared I wouldn't be able to get back without a hassle. Fortunately, a Southwest Airlines employee found my ID and helped me get it shipped express to my hotel before I had to fly again. They didn't even charge me for it!Southwest really sets a standard for service. Great job!
4	Southwest is a must for most all frequent travelers. Get in, Get Out...get on with it.The non-assigned seating gives "bigger" guys like me a glimmer of hope when it comes to not getting pinned in a middle seat for even the shortest of flights. And knowing that my bag will fly free...helps the bottom line A LOT.The staff here in Vegas is always helpful and friendly,,,even at those late, Las Vegas hours.
3	I am an A lister on SW so I flown many legs on this airline.  In all fairness I would consider this experience to be completely isolated but I just got off flight 634 from RDU and I am totally disappointed about the experience.  The flight attendants were so rude to passengers and two of the male flight attendants were on their cell phones throughout the course of the trip.  I was so taken back by their attitudes I almost said something.  In addition I paid for the NFL red zone and it froze about an hour into the trip.  I am giving them a better rating then they deserve because my flight out was the polar opposite experience.
1	Flight took off 1.5 hours late. And it's southwest, so no food, just light snacks. Waiting 1.5 hours then taking a 5 hour flight without a meal does not render a positive Yelp review.
1	Much like a cattle drive....they charge a ridiculous fee to have ur flight changed...only fly when i need to. Customer service was not helpful.
4	Landed in Vegas. The flight crew was very nice. The flight was not bumpy and it was a 50 min flight. They got the drinks and nuts to you before we landed. The flight attendant even attempted to tell a joke. It was bad but hey it was the thought that counted.
4	OK, so its a cattle call.  But no bag fees, lots of flights, rarely delays (if so, fairly minimal).
1	Hate, hate, hate, hate Southwest Airlines!!! They delayed my flight from Las Vegas to Oakland due to "bad weather" in East Coast. I've been waiting for hours only to see that my flight keeps getting pushed out! This has never happened to me with Delta. Wish I were on Delta right now!!!!
2	A word of caution. Try not to fly this airline coming out of Las Vegas to (anywhere) a day or two after New Year's! The line we were all in had at least 400 people in it standing outside...in the chilly air....with all your luggage. Not good!
3	***Southwest is a popular airline from LAX to Las Vegas so you will find lots of flights at reasonable prices, which makes Southwest both a convenient and reasonably priced airline for a Vegas trip (you can also check up to 2 bags for free); flight attendants on Southwest are friendlier than most major airlines and complimentary snacks are also provided; unfortunately, Southwest's baggage claim at McCarran International Airport was very slow***I am not sure what the parking situation is at Las Vegas' McCarran International Airport, but I imagine parking is expensive like other airports.
3	I LOVE: convenient flights, Early Bird check in option, free checked bags, great frequent flier program, friendly staff. When it works, it's fantastic.I HATE:  their text and email notification system doesn't work.   If I had relied on that, I would still be waiting at the airport for my flight last week. They also didn't update the web site quickly....the Polar Vortex was wreaking havoc on air travel so I totally understand my flight being delayed twice then canceled.  What I DON'T understand is why they couldn't text me alerts as promised and keep their web site updated. ALSO I suspect they cancel flights when they don't have enough passengers.  I once booked a 6 am flight to Phoenix and learned it was canceled AFTER I got to the airport (thanks, text system).  Then I had a flight from Oakland to LAX which they delayed and canceled AFTER I'd left my conference early.  The new flight they put me on was delayed....which they DID manage to text me, and then just as I settled in they texted me again that it was leaving in 5 minutes.  Oh, thanks?
3	As far as an airline goes I would categorize Southwest as serviceable.  They get you to where you want to go.  However, you have to be sure that you check in online 24 hours prior to your flight or else you are doomed to having to check your bag.  Why?  Because they pack people in like sardines and if you fail to check in you will be last on the plane and there will no be spots to place your bag.  They also do not have any screens that play movies or tv to help you pass the time.  Unless you want to spend even more of your time blue glowing (my buddies term for using devices), I recommend bringing a book to pass the time.
3	My last FIVE flights leaving Las Vegas with Southwest have been delayed. Many of my returning flights have also been delayed. If that isn't a good reason to take away a star, I don't know what is.
4	Why I like Southwest:Southwest has a lot of flights between LA/OC and Vegas.Prices are very reasonable.  They don't charge a ridiculous  fee to check baggage.My knees don't hit the seat in front of me as I am sitting.Even though our flight from LV to OC had only 45 passengers on board, they still went ahead with the flight instead of canceling it.  Everyone basically had their own row.
4	I love Southwest Airlines for not charging for luggage.  That's a pretty good saves right there.  Short flight from Las Vegas to San Francisco, which make me happy. The staff were usually friendly.  The offer nonalcoholics drinks and snacks for free.  =)It's first come first serve for the seats. Hopefully, you will be like and get an "A something" so you can seat where ever you like. Great prices always to Las Vegas. Wifi is extra charge.
2	Flew from LAS to BUF would most likely not use them again.  Did not care for the boarding process we were in group B and got stuck at the very rear of the plane in front of toilets(gross).  Happened again on our return flight even though we checked in early.  Felt  crammed in like cattle.  Very rough flight into BUF--pilot did good job  keeping us updated on weather.  Will probably spend more next time for more comfortable flight.  FA's were friendly and generous with snacks.
5	Let's face it, domestic air travel these days has become a joke. Long gone are the days of "flying the friendly skies" and good customer service. With airlines reducing the amount of flights and routes, along with added seats to an already cramped seating area, makes for an uncomfortable ride. Recently I was in need of a flight to the Miami area, I was checking the flights daily into FLL or MIA, and  was baffled to find there were barely any nonstop flights. I prefer nonstops on long flights, and I have no problem paying extra. Comparing costs and luggage fees, and the fact that SWA had one nonstop leaving first thing in the morning, I grabbed it. Flight time, 8:50am leaving out of McCarran, as I being dropped off I receive my first text message from SWA announcing a delay to 9:30, ok no big deal. By the time I get to the gate, we are all informed that the flight is now being pushed to 2:05. Thanks to the Polar Vortex and the Snowpocalypse of 2014, most of the flights coming from the East Coast have affected the rest of the travel. It's not SWA fault, and I'm not one of those people who get crazy mad when my flight is delayed due to weather. So I spend my time at the bar, making the best of it. We are finally called to board around 2:30pm, and as I arrive to the counter, I am presented with a $200 credit for future travel with SWA. Wow, that's awesome. It was not their fault for the delays, I thought this was above and beyond.On the way to FLL, I noticed that it was taking a lot longer to get there than usual (I'm a clock watcher), and recently I've been experiencing some motion sickness out of the blue. Well the pilot comes on and tells us that he has been circling for the last 1.5 hours due to a closure of both MIA and FLL airports due to a storm and that we are being diverted to Tampa. So we land and we sat at the gate for over 2 hours. I sprint to the lavatory, I won't give details, but I'm not feeling well. When I come out, I asked the stewardness for some water (as I can't brush my teeth with the non potable water in the lavatory) and she says she can't give anything out, I offer to buy it. She denies me. I ask to please be let off the plane so I may get some water, as I was not feeling well. She denies me. At this point I wanted to throw up on her shoes and her non-ironed, looked like it was pulled out of the dirty hamper, uniform.I sent an email to SWA letting them know what happened. A few days later, I received a CALL, not an email, but a call from a representative expressing his concern for her lack of customer service and letting me know he had filed a complaint against the crew, AND giving me another $200 voucher for future travel. This is what customer service is. If something went wrong, they make it right.
4	When I'm loyal to an airline, I'm loyal. I rode Northwest all the way to the ground (so to speak). Who would have thought a 50+ year airline would have went out of business, but such is life. Now, especially since I spend time in the West and Southwest, Southwest airlines are my guys (and gals). I LOVE the computer pre-booking thing that they were one of the originators of, and they have a big presence at most airports so checking your bag at the curb or "Sky Cab" is easy and you can just sashay to your gate like a rock star. On a budget.I especially like the strolling-on-to-the-back-of-the plane-from-the-runway-thing SWA lets you do at Burbank airport. Yes, they let you walk onto your plane from the ground/runway. Very cool. You gotta try it. There's nothing stellar about the planes themselves inside. They're pretty cramped and it's no-frills. No video screens in the back of seats here. But, on the upside, they do have wireless you can purchase (and FREE direct TV the last flight I was on) so it's the perfect scenario to have an IPad/tablet orgy.I'm not thrilled with every airport SWA flys into (Vegas), but it's hard to hold them responsible for that. Even though they are no-frills I think they make up for it in consistency, price and the great attitude almost every one of their employees has. They appreciate your business, let you know it and seem like they're having a great time doing their jobs.
4	The service is great here. I fly Southwest out of Burbank to Las Vegas for work and the flight attendants are usually very pleasant. I also love how they still offer free peanuts and pretzels!  My only complaint is the open seating....I'm a nervous flyer and need to sit towards the front of the plane....which doesn't always happen on SW.
4	Don't know why Southwest gets a bad wrap... No frills, you get what you pay for, free snacks, soft drinks, and free TV through WIFI (sponsored by Dish TV.) At times, during the Winter, it seems that they cancel/delayed more flights than usual from Vegas - however seems that there is always another flight choice to replace the canceled/delayed flight.
5	I love southwest! Friendly staff. Has a sense of humor. Pilots are friendly. spacious seats. Complimentary drinks and snacks. And cheap ticketsWhat's to hate?
4	Southwest is the best of all the domestic airlines. They are far from perfect but having the highest paid flight attendants and pilots of any domestic carrier goes a long ways to their team's positive attitude and willingness to go the extra lengths necessary to take all the drama out if air travel.
5	We love Southwest, this is my favorite airline. There is not "stretch seating" "comfort plus" blah blah that other airlines push on you. You get your ticket, you get a letter assigned for boarding and you're on your way. Free baggage is a plus, and you still get a snack and a drink. Leg room is pleasant. We fly non-stop from Omaha to Las Vegas. One time out of probably 20 times there was a problem. 1 time and they fixed it. The plane was broken. They couldn't fix it in Omaha, they tried. So they had to had to fly a crew from Chicago to Omaha to fix it. That ate up about 5 hours. 7 hours later we were in the air. Before departing, the gate attendant said that if you wish to keep your flight (people were cancelling and leaving) to come to the gate. We were all given a $200 credit to be used on a ticket to any SW destination. Holy moly. We played it right and our next Vegas trip was paid for. Nice and apologetic. Always customer service. I can tell you, if you complain about SW take a delta flight. Always late, rude, and they kiss the ass of the credit card holders over the intercom. Frontier, no free drinks. You have to buy a drink. American Airlines, nice and friendly BUT late late late.
5	This is ridiculous, east coast flight delayed, Vegas flight delayed, pilot coming on board 40 minutes we literally waited for an off duty airline employeeTotally unprofessionalFlew again much better
5	I love flying Southwest. Unless I need to leave the country (which I never do) it's the only airline I fly.I hadn't flown in a few years but I found Southwest still quick, still mostly punctual and still fairly friendly. My flights were delayed by about ten minutes each which considering the recent storms, I wasn't too shocked about.The only recent negative change I've seen is that they seem to now reserve the A class boarding for frequent fliers. I've checked in within 10 minutes and still been B class. Not sure why or if paying the $12.50 for automatic check in gives you the A class, but it's definitely something to be aware of.Both my flights to and from Vegas went off without a hitch and both were easy and simple experiencesI love Southwest and they'll continue to be the only airline I'll fly.
1	Southwest agents at the Las Vegas airport have POOR customer service skills. Their attitudes suck! They never smile and always seem to be bothered by the simplest of questions or requests.  It's disappointing because SW could quite possibly be number one in the airline industry, if it wasn't for the crappy agents at the counter.Tisk, Tisk!!
5	I love Southwest!  Almost always a fun ride with crew that is loose, funny, and don't take themselves so seriously.  My most recent flight, from LAS to Newark, was okay during the first leg, to Denver, except for the very big pilot riding shotgun who decided to wedge his way into the middle bulkhead seat between me and the guy in the aisle.  The second leg, much longer, was a hoot, thanks to the great personalities of the all-male crew.  Scotty, Steve and Mike were charmers (and that extra glass of wine didn't hurt).  I spent a good part of the flight kibitzing them in the rear galley.  If this had been United, a curtain would have been drawn tight, with the flight attendants reading magazines and freaking out if a passenger dared to violate their sacred spot.I wish SWA would offer direct flights to Newark, as UA does.  As it is, I'll inconvenience myself as often as possible for the sheer pleasure.
1	The flight from Las Vegas to Orange County sucked on St. Patty's Day! This company is shady and wanted to keep on the down low that alcoholic beverages are free on New Years Day, Valentines Day and St. Patrick's Day. They were still announcing beverages cost $5 even though it says it on the brochure on the seat in front of you. When we showed it to the flight attendant she agreed to it but still wanted to keep it quiet. Same thing on our Reno to Vegas flight. We didn't order anything on that one but they were announcing $5 and taking people's money. If you don't want to give out free drinks ever then don't have it in writing! So then on the Vegas flight we didn't end up getting anything anyway because they said it was too turbulent for service after they took everyone's orders. There was hardly any turbulence after they announced it though so that was really lame! They also had no wifi available. They apologized but did not offer anything to make it up to anyone. Such a shady cheap company and this was an expensive little flight!
5	We flew from Las Vegas to Orlando on one of the new planes and it was awesome.  The flight attendants treated us so well and the plane was awesome.  I am six foot four and it seemed like I had a lot of room.  Southwest didnt run out of food and they were very accommodating.
4	Southwest is rapidly becoming the Delta of the business. For years their on time performance was terrific. I've had nothing but delays every week for months. Tonight in Vegas? 2 hours delay at the very last minute. Delta here I come. This isn't worth it since their prices are exactly the same as their competition.
5	90% of the times I fly I will fly Souhwest. And this recent trip to New Orleans from Sacramento I got to put the service of Southwest against that of United Airlines. Here's how they matched up:PRICE: Southwest is known for being the low fare leader, but when I shopped the other airlines for the "to" leg of my trip (Sac to NOLA), United was half what southwest wanted. United actually also came in a few bucks cheaper on the ride home as well, but considering they charge $25 a checked bag and southwest is still free for checked bags, I rode home on southwest.COMFORT: I always thought that southwest was the sardine can of airlines but I will correct that myth right here and right now. I didnt have the middle seat on either leg (thank god) but all of the planes I went on were jam packed and southwest still had more leg room over United. I actually am wondering if United shrank their leg room to make way for those annoyingly bright little tvs on the back of the headrests that charge you to watch the news? HmmmSERVICE: Southwest wins hands down. Still has the cheeriest flight attendants and the quickest service. If you want a drink (as I often require when I fly) then you wont be waiting long to get one on a Southwest flight :) United flight attendants need a lesson in friendly. On both of my stops (Sac to DC and DC to NOLA) the flight attendants had attitude. Forgive me if I have waited half the flight for a drink of water and I down my 2 oz glass of water like a shot and ask you for another before you move the drink cart another 6 inches down the aisle...is it really necessary to glare at me like I just asked you to let me fly the plane? GAWD I get you are a middle aged flight attendant and your job is clearly rocket science. Please forgive me for needing another 2 oz glass of water.No doubt I will pay whatever it takes next time to fly Southwest. No drama, just good service.
1	Unfortunately I can't give Southwest more than one star, and that's because the customer service reps here at the Las Vegas airport are horrible. Understandably flights get delayed from time to time, but when one approaches the counter one shouldn't assume that all customers are there to complain. Some do need assistance, as hard as that is to believe. Note to Southwest, if flights are delayed and paying customers are notified of the delay via text or email, one should also be notified if the airplane is back on schedule. Or would that be asking too much!?It's so disappointing, honestly I don't expect much of SW, but always hope their service will change.
5	I've had a few wonderful experiences with Southwest, but let me tell you about my latest. I had planned a trip to Reno with my 10 month old daughter for a few weeks. 2 days before we are supposed to leave, she gets sick. Then I get sick. The day of our trip, I'm forced to make a last second decision about whether or not we're going. I (foolishly) decide we are, and we get to the airport late because of my poor decision-making skills. The man at the ticket counter, whose name was Donald, was beyond helpful. He saw that we were frazzled and tired, so he offered to give my husband an escort pass so he (my husband) could walk us to the gate. I didn't even know that was a thing. It saved my sanity. Getting through security with an infant and no help is a nightmare, especially when you're in a hurry, so having my husband there was incredibly helpful. Fast-forward a couple of days: we're leaving Reno early because we both ended up pretty sick. Upon landing in Vegas, my gate-checked stroller wasn't waiting for me, which happens sometimes. So we wait and wait. We're both tired and sick, and really just want to go home. After a few minutes either the pilot or the co-pilot walks over and asks if I'm waiting for a stroller. After I say yes, he goes outside, grabs it, brings it up, and gets it set up for me. Absolutely incredible.
1	Checked in 2 hours prior to departure time and still received last boarding position.
3	You know...it's hit or miss. There are times when the flight attendants are like "I hate my life, what do you want to drink" and there are other times when they are like "OMG, it's your bachelorette? Drinks on me!" So It's hard to say. I will say one thing. This is the first airline where I heard a female pilot speak to the passengers! #feminist! I was so excited! You go girl! And it was a great landing! We need more female pilots...They also have great honey roasted peanuts. So delicious! MmmmMm! Except if one person on the plane is allergic to peanuts, the entire plane has to eat pretzels. Lame. Can't that person just walk around with their Epi pen? #allergyproblems But if you ask the flight attendants for extra, they will give it to you. I wish they flew from SFO to Ontario. Why don't they do that?! I'm stuck flying from Oakland and dealing with the AirBart! I can't even drink my drank! (Unless you have an enclosed container...and btw, I was talking about coffee...this time). Lastly and the best part...they totally put you on different flights in case you miss your flight. As long as there is room. They are great about that. I've never been charged extra...unless I do it by the phone. But if you do it directly at the airport, they're good, as long as you aren't checking in bags. I like that a lot! I hope they don't change it.
4	I am a fan of Southwest! It is my go to airline though I love Jet Blue and Virgin.  It gets the job done and keeps it simple. They let me change flights since I was early with no extra charge. I never checkin bags but nice to have that option if I want to without any extra fees.
5	Oh southwest.... How I use to hate you! I'm not sure why but I have done a 180 for WN! The flight attendants are fun and much nicer than others I've flown with. I hated the "open seating" till I learned the trick of becoming preferred or you can just check in mad early and it normally boosts your boarding number and helps you find a good seat. OMG ritz crackers! Boom I'm sold!
3	A less positive experience than others this time.  Basically, everyone else who has left one, two or three stars has said it all.  Las Vegas to Phoenix Flight 171 on April 17, 2014, I'm stuck here for the next nine hours, despite my early bird check in.  The reason the airline mentioned for this less positive experience is that someone forgot to process the check-ins.  I guess someone woke up one day and decided, oh, I'm not going to do my job today.  I used to always avoid this airline because of the unnecessary and tremendous stress and chaos, but since the assigned numbers in A, B or C, I recently decided to come back.  I'm not so sure after today.  Overall, the low cost and convenient locations cause me to buy from them and the service is adequate.  Fingers crossed for more positive experiences again, in the future.  As for this trip, well, you know how life is sometimes.  Things could always be worse.
5	if you have planned properly u can get thru here easily. Southwest staff is usually fantastic and today is no different. Miss Cookie took great care of us!  bathrooms, ladies rooms are ridiculous but so are other airports. confusing the men though and had one nearly run me down trying to enter the ladies room by mistake. he was glad I stopped him. love Ethal M...and the Carmel corn next to the pretzels smells heavenly.
4	On the way to Vegas on our honeymoon the flight attendant let us have a few free drinks.  I thought that was nice.  The flight from OKC to Vegas we had a female pilot that had been with the company for 30 years +  she did an excellent job!  I always enjoy flying Southwest and Love field has a great newly remodeled airport!
4	I usually fly with Southwest Airlines. I have traveled to many places, and I have used many airlines. For most airlines, you only get good service if you fly First Class.Southwest goes to more airports including my favorite in Southern California, Burbank! Usually the rates are better, and they don't charge you for checking in luggage. The service is usually pretty good. They are usually on time. The seats are spacious and comfortable. I really have no complaints. I would definitely recommend Southwest to my friends, and family.
1	I got to the airport 3 hours early as Southwest had an earlier flight that was only half full and my later flight was delayed. I asked at the Gate if I could get on the earlier flight... They wanted a $140 fee... More than the flight cost! South West has changed and is no longer the customer friendly airline... As shown by recent polls... They're all about cutting back and becoming a true low cost, low service airline....
3	For a simple, no frills flight to Vegas Southwest managed to do just fine. Can't say I'd ever use them on a longer flight, but for quick jaunts this is the ticket. Word to the wise: log in EXACTLY 24 hours before your flight and secure an early boarding group. All the seating is first come, first served and if you're boarding at the end of group D you won't have much for options. Rates were much better than any other airline flying to Vegas out of John Wayne. Unless you feel beholden to one specific airline, this is the best buy for your money. The flight is less than an hour, so even if it's mildly uncomfortable you won't have long to deal with it. As far as the flight goes, it was standard stuff. Semi-comfortable chairs, attentive staff, free soft drinks (and a good selection of the harder stuff, too).
4	My husband and I are frequent fliers and we can't say enough good things about this airline. If we can, we ALWAYS fly Southwest. The prices are better than other airlines. We manage to find a lot of nonstop flights and we still get to take 2 bags on free! Honestly, the most we've ever had to deal with after years of flying with them are some slight flight delays, every so often. Even with those, they are rarely more than 20 minutes.The flight attendants seem to have much better, more upbeat attitudes than those from other airlines too. I would HIGHLY recommend Southwest Airlines!
3	I don't particularly like Southwest but unfortunately I think pretty much all airlines suck nowadays. They pack you in there like cattle. Which is why I usually fly US Airways - since we have the credit card we usually have enough points for a upgrade to First Class. Southwest does not have a First Class so they treat everyone equally which can be good or bad depending on your point of view. The staff is usually pretty efficient and hard-working though not always very friendly.They have a couple policies which set them apart in a good way and so these are the reason I am giving them three stars even though I had to wait two hours on my last trip due to a delay that was not weather related or mechanical (they decided at the last minute to cancel my flight since it wasn't full enough). First off, they do let you check a bag for free. I hate it that the other airlines have started charging for this because it means that now everyone tries to carry all their stuff onto the plane which causes huge delays for everyone while boarding and exiting the plane. Second benefit of Southwest is that they have no change fees. This makes it the best option when your travel plans are not firm. Of course if you change at the last minute and the new flight is more expensive then you might still have to pay. But I like it that there is no additional service charge to do so. The other thing that Southwest is known for is of course their lack of assigned seats. This is great when you are traveling alone but it can be a hassle when traveling with other people.
3	SWA is one of the better flights to travel between cities in the US. Must say they are great in Las Vegas for sure, tons of flights every hour. Wish they bring back the good fare deals or is that long and gone away? Since they changed procedure on check in they want you to purchase upgrade for an A 1 thru 15. And lining up by your letter and number. It is kind of creepy bu5 it seems to work, but now the flights almost half full by the time you board and you can sit by the one you are traveling with unless you sit way way in the back by the tail cone and restrooms.Sometimes booking a seat assignment is a better deal like most US airlines at least you have your choice over the wing in the back in the front or a window and or a Isle seat of your choice. Sometimes going back to the basics is the way to go we are way too technical and electronically way to savvy. Time to take off and happy vacationing.  Aloha!
5	i couldn't complain about flying southwest. 2 free check in bags. If you buy your ticket in advance, you can get a great deal. Got me to point A to point B
3	I have flown Southwest for a long time and they are an ok airlines. I would fly with them if it takes me more then 3 hrs to get to my destination but otherwise you would be better of on Jet Blue or Spirit which is way cheaper for example if you were going to LA or SD.
5	I've always loved Southwest Airlines since I was a little girl. From flying by myself to flying in groups, they have always made my experiences wonderful. There are so many great flight attendants, no matter what time of day it is. I definitely recommend southwest, also because if you become a frequent flyer and get a certain amount of points, you get a "companion pass" which allows you to bring someone for free!! We love it! And with our baby being under 2 years of age, we BOTH fly free. So it's 3 for the price of one! It's all around a great airline!
3	This was my first tome flying with Southwest and I have to say it was not as bad as some peple say. All airlines aren't perfect so it is hard to gauge how i feel about this one, but I guess it could be worst. I think it is kind of weird they dont assign you seats but whatever works I guess. Also, they lost my bag once and gave me a $50 voucher. I eventually got my bag later on but $50 is not enough. I should have gotten more for the time I had to spend in the aiport. I guess I will deal with them though since the air fare with them is much cheaper !
1	Fuck you southwestern airlines not only did you make me 4 hours late on my small trip from ontario airport to las vegas but youv also reschedule my departure today from 8:30 to 10:10pm. I make it hear by 10:07pm and you tell me that the plans already gone And next flight isn't tell 7:50 the following day.  Wtf an I supposed to fo about work in the am, room? All you give me is a new boarding pass and send mr on my way? This is ridiculous customer service, at the very least you could have put meup in a motel 6. I want looking for the Aria or anything.
2	My Flight from Phoenix to Vegas was delayed by over an hour. A few days later and our return flight was delayed also... WTF? I've flown SWA extensively for work but they are making me reconsider. What happened to the best on-time performance.Also on the flight here no drink service on the flight due to turbulence. There were a few bumps but c'mon it was a flight to Vegas.!!! I have experienced much worse and still got a coke or beer. Also the flight attendants had ZERO personality. That makes up for a lot (cattle car boarding, packing us in like sardines, dealing with airport security, etc)You have work to do SWA...
5	Say what you want about airlines in general and Southwest specifically. As often as I fly, my plane takes off on time for the most part without much drama. Changing flights is dramatically easier with no extra change fee. I hate when I have to fly other airlines
1	This airline sucks the big kahunaRound trip Lubbock to Seattle This airline can't get you anywhere on time What a shit airline Don't use them unless you've got a lot of extra time Also don't mind being in a cattle carFuck this airline
5	Southwest is SUPER organized and friendly! They ROCK!
1	Dumpy Cattle truck style Airlines, the crew I encountered were downright rude and sarcastic towards passengers , they seemed to be  enjoying watching the latest passengers boarded scramble and beg for seats that were purchased!Saw the same culture of ignorance on outbound and inbound flights !Old broken down dirty planes !!No way !! Rather take the bus!!
4	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #168 - #365My experience with Southwest Airlines was perfect and I didn't experience any delays or poor service. My flight was from ONT to Las Vegas and I arrived early just to be on time. The ticket counters were easy to navigate because they were all eticket kiosks! It's sad that they replaced the Southwest reps with machines. I hope it doesn't happen to all airlines. I like a little human interaction from time to time. We were boarded right on time and departed smoothly with no issues whatsoever. The plane was just your basic plane and looked pretty old but it served it's purpose. Snacks were the typical peanuts and drinks were coffee, tea, or water. I quickly timed the flight from Ontario, CA to Las Vegas NV and it arrived exactly at 45 minutes. But really, it only flew in the air for 30 minutes and by the time we arrived, it had taken me 15 minutes to leave the airport at exactly 45 minutes. Overall I was impressed with the smooth flight and service.
1	Seems to me like Southwest Airlines is reverting back to there disastrous quality of service they had for the first several years after their inception. In the last year this airline has plummeted to each flight I'm on having a negative attribute such as but not limited to a delay, broken seat, luggage delay, broken tray table or worst of all, a cancellation. I'll allow them to have two stars, for now, because they're attempting to perfect their paperless ticketing system but they better get their act together imeadiately or I'll be asking my vendors to choose a different airline.
1	Arrived for flight in time and can see my plane outside window. Southwest decides to drive other delayed flights to gate and delay my flight. An hour passes giving plenty of time for our flight to board. Southwest gives no reason why we keep getting pushed back other then boarding gate not available for our flight.
4	I almost always fly Southwest. Easiest way to fly with cheap prices and free carry ons.
3	...I like Southwest.  I really do.  I have the credit card, enjoy the fact that those who register get a better seat, and even though I rarely use it I'm glad my bags fly free.  That said, in my last 5 flights out of McCarran four of them have been on Southwest and ALL 5 have met with substantial delays - only one related to weather and 3 on Southwest for inexplicable reasons such as staffic or plane maintenance.  Understanding the importance of flying safe and glad that they care about their customers there is a part of me that is reassured by questionable flights being held back, but also a part of me that would like to buy with confidence knowing I'll get where I'm going as promised.
1	Let me start by saying I have always been a big fan of southwest but recently things started heading in the wrong direction. This is my second trip in four months that has turned into a trip from hell because of how poorly southwest is running their business. Answers, people willing to help? No where to be found. Excuses and assumptions. A lot of those. Southwest is becoming just another airline with poor service. I did find one person, Rebecca, who at least stopped to help. Thank you Rebecca.
5	The crew was super friendly.  They made jokes with us they were very nice. They had fun. They made the plane ride a good trip
1	I would give southwest zero stars if I could. Let me just say this is a review of southwest as a whole and not individual airports .Here's the story of the travel day from hell. I started off in New Mexico my first flight had been delayed 3 different times even before I had gotten to the airport. Thank goodness for those super helpful flight update texts . Seeing that I wasn't going to be leaving NM till very late at night if ever I decided to change my flight. Apparently that was a really bad move on my part. I arrived at the airport two hours before my flight which was supposed to be boarding at 4:30. Once at my gate I see that my flight is now delayed to 5:10. No big f-ing deal , oh just the small issue of the connecting flight that is supposed to board at 5:20 in Vegas .Surprise surprise we finally land in Vegas at 5:40 and I have to run from gate c7 to gate c25. Not only did the guy give me attitude about me being late he wouldn't let me on the plane even though he let two other people down to the plane. At this point I now have to walk up to the counter to discuss what they are going to do about me missing a flight because one of their other flights made me miss my current one. I seriously lost my shit at the counter and started crying like a big baby. They end up issuing me a new ticket once they figured out it was their fault I missed my connection. I go back down the terminal looking like a wreck and head to my new gate. My new boarding time is 8:25, but guess what ! After sitting at the gate for 10 mins the computer monitor announces that flight is now delayed till 10 . Ok then , fine this is nothing new I guess I'm just going to spend all damn day at the airport. But wait it gets so much better !!! It's just been announced that the flight will be delayed till 10:30. The airplaneIs siting out on the Tarmac but now we have to wait for a crew . At this point have now told my roommate 5 different times she should pick me up from the Phoenix airport . Oh by the way I'm writing this review while still sitting in the southwest terminal at the gate. It's starting to look like I'm never going to get back to Arizona . I'm seriously wondering what the hell the delays are all about ! As far as I can tell there's no awful weather heading for Phoenix or Las Vegas. Let me just say don't fly this airline , don't waste your money. I could've driven home by now. Lastly Southwest get your shit together this is embarrassing!
5	I just got back a trip from Las Vegas to San Fran. It was excellent as usual flying Southwest. This is the best Airline to fly. The employees are always polite and if you have a question-they answer it.They don't rip you off. I just flew another Airline-what a joke. 35 dollars for a carry on-18 dollars for a seat-that's another 106 dollars. If you call in about reservation-that's 10 dollars-if they help with boarding pass-another 10 dollars. On Southwest they give you a free soft drink and peanuts-the other airlines charges 3 dollars for that.To sum this up-if you haven't tried Southwest-give them a try next time you fly-you won't be sorry. I have never had a bad experience on thisThank You Southwest for making Air Travel so enjoyable.David
1	ABSOLUTE WORST AIRLINE. EVER. Their customer service this morning was absolutely the worst. I was attempting to ask a question to an agent and without even making eye contact, says "what, I'm listening". I had to make her physically turn her head to make actual eye contact. They have very little compassion for any of their customers and this is why... I fly only JET BLUE!!! And from here on out so will all of my family. SOUTHWEST... SUCKS!!!!!
1	Southwest in any other airport I give a solid three stars because their frequent flier program is an excellent value, and if you earn companion pass status and fly regular with a significant other, it's an incredible value.  They never earn more than three stars though because while their employees are often very nice, the company really couldn't care less about you.  So fly them for value, but don't fly them for experience or customer service.Then comes the mighty McCarran International.  I don't really care whose fault it is, but the seating situation in the Southwest terminal is atrocious, and, in typical Southwest fashion, they don't give a sh*t.  Just walk through terminal C and at every single gate with a flight departing in less than an hour you'll see 20 to 30 people sitting on the ground.  It has been this way for years.  Do they do anything about it?  No.  All the eating options are generally out of seats as well.To add insult to injury, Southwest only scans luggage at the origin, so if your bag disappears somewhere between McCarran and where you came form, or someone steals it off the belt at McCarran, they will never know.  I had luggage stolen in 2012 and even after my wife and I tracked the luggage down via the second hand clothing store where the thieves tried to sell it, tracked the thieves down and got them arrested, Southwest was still calling me to let me know they were looking for the missing bag.Southwest, if you're listening, go buy some f'ing chairs and stick them in the terminal.
4	You can read one of my many reviews for Southwest but they will all be the same.  Affordable and convenient.  In and out of Vegas with little hassle and I still have some money in my pocket.  This particular trip was from Vegas to LA so it was extremely cheap for this hour flight.  Once you are up in the air you are back on the ground before you know it.  It was so quick that we actually didn't get drinks and snacks but it was ok because like I said the flight was so short.   I don't think this is the norm but for some reason the flight attendants were not able to prepare serving before we were already on our descent.  No problem SW is still legit.
5	I love Southwest, so I know I'm giving a somewhat biased review. Have I had delayed and cancelled flights? Yes. Have I had some difficult experiences? Yes. However, when comparing them to other airlines, they come out WAY on top. I like the fact that I can cancel my flight without losing the flight credit or without it costing me $50 to use my flight credit. When compared to others, they completely rock.I fly several times a week and the Rapid Rewards program is great. We have a companion pass and A-list preferred status, so the perks are great.
1	False advertise.  Southwest vacations leads you on.  They advertise free tickets to top shows in vegas but when you go to book you can't book those shows only poor rated shows.  I booked a family of 9 over $5,000 out of my pocket planning to get to take everyone to a great Vegas show based on all information from Southwest Vacations but learned that all the top rated shows are not available out of 9 shows you can pick only 4.  It's the typical bait and switch.  I have been sad to see the decline over the years in this airline on the news and in the past Southwest stood by the offers they posted but not I too have seen how they are on a downhill slide.  This is one of many post I will give.   I hope to keep others from spending their hard earned money on this false advertisement deal.
3	What happened to their low-cost model? I used to always find really good deals on "Wanna Get Away" on the day before the flight in years past, but they vanished last year. They've actually priced themselves as the most expensive carrier with the least amount of daily flights from LAS-DTW, a flight I fly a handful of times each year (DTW's #3 and LAS' #11 destination for travelers).There's no assigned seats which means it's Russian Roulette in terms of the middle seat with a B45+ or C boarding ticket. However a good portion of the flights I take aren't sold out as I usually travel on Tuesday/Wednesday and from Vegas on a Friday night.But they do have their pros. If you really need to get to a destination at the last minute from McCarran, this airline likely has a handful of planes going to ced destination with seats available. If you need to cancel last minute, they'll give you points. If you need to swap flights, you only pay the difference in fare if there is one. If you need to bring a hockey bag + golf clubs on a flight, you can at no additional cost as they already factored it into the price. They do offer drinks + peanuts / pretzels on flights. Most of the complaints about the C-Gates are unjustified, as that's more the doings of McCarran than Southwest.
3	It is an airline that used to be inexpensive and now is very expensive.  You still get their peanut service at full service price.  I really like to fly other airlines as I like a seat assignment as opposed to the Southwest Airline cattle call.
5	Southwest as a whole is a great company. They are the only reasonable US domestic carrier left. Good legroom, good flight attendants and great overall service. We fly a lot and have flown on many other carriers (Frontier, American, United, Delta, etc) and Southwest is consistently the best. Both times that we have missed our flight we got on the next flight for free. Completely our fault, but no issues there. The first come first serve boarding is not only genius, but it has been proved to be a  more efficient loading method. If you have kids, then pay the $12.50 to pick a seat first. Don't complain on the plane and make people move. For business and single flyers it's a no brainer, they are the best. It is sad when the budget airline becomes the best out there, but great for us the flyers.
5	What's NOT to love! Had a great time at C-gate. I was lucky and ended up with a row of seats to myself.  The flight attendants were very nice and professional.  Great flying!
3	Staff has always been nice. But lately my flights are always delayed!! It's pretty annoying, I understand delays 30 min or less but once it was delayed an hour! I could do so much with an hour! Once we got to the runway and they had to turn around and go back to the gate to fix something...ummm shouldn't you have checked the plane before we left the gate? I don't mind delays for safety but I would have felt better if they figured it out before we almost took off. Still, the planes are clean and never had any rude staff members. I just want it to be on time!
3	If you like to fly and if you like open seating hit up Southwest. I feel like their seats are wider than most planes, but what do I know? I am not an aerospace engineer but my homie is. Im out.
1	I have checked in exactly 24hrs prior to my flight and got B 12. It's very hard to get A. I travel with my partner all the time and he is always A1 - A15. We asked them if I can go in with him but they denied it. So he has to go in and hassle people to not sit next to him and save me a seat and space above his head for my carry on which is sometimes hard to do. It would have been so much easier if they would allow A-list flyers to bring their companion with them. United let's us board the plane together so we will switch airlines. Sorry Southwest... Get better customer service and we will gladly switch. Did I mention we fly almost every week for a business!
5	I LUV SWA! Southwest Airlines will always have a place in my heart. They're friendly, economical, on time, and smart! There's a book out there on the history of SWA called "Nuts!" It's a great read. This place has history - Once, the CEO was arguing with another CEO over a trademark dispute, and the Southwest CEO settled the disagreement over an arm-wrestling match.The seats are leather, you can watch television over wifi. They serve beer and cocktails (no more cash!) I'm always looking forward to the good humor that the flight attendants have, the peanuts and pretzels, and my free soft drink! If you fly on the major holidays, they'll usually throw you a free drink! Wooo! No bag fees! 5 Stars!!!
1	Asssssssssss hole a fucken chiken eyes was a funken chiken eyes that she was so rude  Marie k. an asian eye lady was so rude she was supo sly that manager n she doesn't deserve that spot she should be fired because she can't be a manager
4	SWA is usually the cheapest fare and the staff is unbelievably friendly. I don't know how they maintain their stellar attitudes through the cloud of idiot complaints they hear from their passengers. It's like these people forgot they didn't purchase a first class flight. Ridiculous. The snacks are always generous. Although they don't serve full-sized meals, you aren't likely to feel hungry if you forgot to purchase a meal at the departure gate.
4	Normal flight out of Las Vegas, do have to say this Airport is well organized!! Good job! Keep up the flights!!
3	SWA usually has great service, but the proprietary machine oriented culture of Vegas has rubbed off a bit at this airport.  And while the flights and inboard service is typically great, the airport service has some local coolness.
4	So, I flew to Las Vegas via Southwest. I have never flown this far so to me...the flight was long. However, the flight attendants were great. They were very attentive yet firm. We had on individual who was extremely rude and did not want to sit with a larger individual but there werent any other seats left. I believe the flight attendants handled this situation perfectly...They were friendly yet firm because we had to go take off. Great job defusing the situation. The flight was smooth thanks to the weather. This flight had on board wifi which was great. You can only watch tv shows which were on prime time networks for free. Movies were $5 and to browse the internet it was $8. Of course I took the free route ...it was only a 4 1/2 hour flight. Drinks were available and offered 2x during the flight. The norm...sodas, teas, coffee, juice were complimentary and alcoholic beverages had a $5 charge. I even saw the attendants making bloody mary's ....ha...how about that!!!. Overall, good flight, great service. I recommend you become a rewards member. I pays off eventually.
5	Two great flights. Both filled with happy and helpful gate agents and flight attendants. I love Southwest's company culture, because you can relax, joke around and keep things light.
4	I'm rating this airline a four because they are one of the only airlines who still provide free snacks. After paying $500+ for a flight the least they can do is feed us, even if it is just peanuts and pretzels. Flights are increasing yet amenities are decreasing. I like their moto, "every passenger is first class." Even if it isn't true I like their attitude! Lastly, to Southwest, what makes you a competitor in this market is your occasional sales. Please keep that going and stop the blackout dates. Thank you.
1	Competitive ticket prices and free checked bags are NOT worth losing your luggage and being made to feel so mistreated. I am SO disappointed and angry with SW airlines right now but rather then looking like that angry person just blindly screaming out, I'll tell you about my experience. I accidentally left my carryon on a jet on my flight home from a business trip last Thursday. Yes, MY bad. I realized it about 30 seconds after deplaning, but had already crossed the security checkpoint. The security guard would not let me go back, and told me if I went to SW baggage claim, they would have someone get the bag and bring it to me. I rushed down to baggage claim (less then 5 min later) where the attendant CALLED the gate. The jet was STILL THERE and boarding it's next flight- plenty of time. I told them where I was sitting and exactly what my bag looked like. They sent me back up to the gate (complete with security and trams, etc) and told me they'd pull my bag and have it waiting for me. I get through all of security etc and made it to the gate, where the lady nonchalantly tells me she doesn't have my bag. She then gives me the jet # and a phone # for Pheonix baggage claim and tells me it's on ME to call both Pheonix and Houston (the next 2 stops) and find out IF they still have my bag and that I would pay to have it shipped back to me. FINE. That I should also file a lost luggage claim online (DONE). I spent the next 72 hours desperately trying to speak to a live person and left multiple phone messages at several airports- not ONE call was returned. I drove to the SACRAMENTO airport on Sunday, my first day off, to FORCE a human interaction and get more info. I'm told the following: 1: Southwest Airlines DOES NOT TRACK "lost and found" items from planes- they blindly "mail them" back to some lost and found depot out in Alabama. 2: Sometimes they track "high priced" items found like phones and computers, but that's it (my bag had about $700 worth of clothing in it, including $300 boots). There's no accountability for turning lost items in so who's to say if the items are "found" or "KEPT" by employees?! 3: IF Pheonix found my bag, they'd only keep it for 24 hours before sending it off (without logging ANYTHING) and that I SHOULD have called them sooner to find out if it was there. I've called MULTIPLE times each day and never got a response! I called the "hotline" number on your website to literally be told, "I'm so sorry, that sounds horrible. Theres nothing I can do" and that if I don't hear anything within 30 days, they didn't "find" it and will stop looking.  REALLY?! I get that I made the error in the first place but this does NOT excuse my luggage being negligently handled with ZERO accountability and ZERO attempt to resolve the issue. I'm still not convinced my things were simply not taken by the aircrew... for a multinational airline that puts so much emphasis on the customer experience to have such ineffective processes for handling their customer's baggage (and even less accountability and followup) sounds ridiculous to me and not believable... it has just been excuses and empty apologies. As for my lost baggage I feel strongly about informing the public about Southwest's current "policies" and keeping them up to date about my experience.
5	I do a lot of flying...like every week I am on a plane and usually choose Southwest. I would like to write this review to compliment the flight attendants who are on the Las Vegas flights. I take many connecting flights between Reno and Las Vegas as well as between El Paso and Las Vegas. Last weekend a male flight attendant whose name escapes me saw I was struggling to carry my 5 month daughter in her car seat through the cabin and helped me by carrying her above his head to my seat. Another male flight attendant...I believe his name is Josh? (A blonde young man with short hair). (Josh is a total rock star and needs a promotion.) I was flying alone with my children and my son started having a meltdown because his ears hurt from the cabin pressure changes so Josh brought him a coloring book and catered to his request for a "can" of ginger-ale with a cup of ice. A lot of flight attendants just bring the drink without the can but Josh remembered. He was also incredibly attentive and helpful. The same goes for everyone else. The service on these Las Vegas flights is consistently good  I felt compelled to write this review to say thank you for going over and above, for your humor, and kindness. It is because of service like yours that I continue to fly Southwest airlines even despite mishaps on other Southwest flights. You set the standard and are all star spangled awesome. Thank you.
4	For an airline today, southwest is pretty good.The free bags (2 per person) are a very nice bonus.If you took 2 bags for each leg of the trip, that would be $100 per person on any other flight! You can tell the workers love working for southwest and are some of the funniest flight attendants around!
1	Wow simply wow. So  so so slow. Seeing these people work is like watching paint dry. Why haven't all these people been fired and replaced with a computer. Rude, slow and a joke.  I was 2lb over the weight limit and had to pay $75 for a small piece of luggage. This airline treats customer like cattle. You wait in a 40 minute line to use one of 4 computers that actually work out of 50 units that are available all because the 20 employees behind the counter would rather chit-chat and drink coffee than do the job they were hired to do. WHAT LITTLE CUSTOMER SERVICE THIS PATHETIC AIRLINE EVER HAD IS LONG GONE. NO VALUE, EXPENSIVE, POOR SERVICE AND SLOW. way to go southwest....time to fly other airlines.
1	Really stuck it to us on this package deal to vegas.  You suck.  If anyone ever considers a southwest airline vacation package be warned... The package they sold us wasn't half what we thought it was.  They screwed us royally...and I think treasure island should share in the blame too
1	Southwest people suck they didn't let me in when I was right at the door and it was still 10 mins before boarding time. They were too rude and lazy to do their job and let the passengers make their flight. Even their lost and found crew can't even do their jobs right in finding lost items because they said they don't throughly clean their planes after each service. I can't believe how rude the crew is and I will make sure a lot of people don't either.
4	It's a big southwest hub with lots of dining options nearby. All gates are relatively close to either a Starbucks of coffee bean which is a plus. People are super nice and helpful. It's as good as you'd expect from a southwest terminal
5	Great airline low prices best part sitting arrangements are very comfortable you pick any available seat you want bags are free
1	Flight from Sac to LV was 40 minutes late and when we got to LV the gate had been given away, so we've been on the Tarmac for last 20 minutes, waiting.  I will miss the meeting that, based on SWAs original schedule, I should have been early for.  Southwest's service continues to decline as the length of their delays increase.  Bad flying experience today.  One star, since we did make it here safely.
5	The customer service at Southwest in Vegas is fantastic!! Lance T helped me on a recent trip and I am grateful to him and everyone at LAS!
1	Even though the board along the passage to the plane says" All airplandes have attitude, we just have good kinds". WHICH IS SO UNTRUE! I have my cup of water on the tray, but the attendant took it rudely without  either asking me or letting me finish it. I told him I was done with the water yet. But he just rudely took it away. Terrible experience on Southwest 3919!
5	William at gate 14 is an all star. He was super helpful. Made my trip that much better.
4	SW is great. Although my experience out of LAS is always troublesome. Once my flight was delayed from 3pm to 1am and they would not get us onto the other flight that was earlier than 1am to the same destination. This airport is old and dated. There are no power outlets near the seats. Tons of people go through here and it isn't very warm and inviting.
1	I used to just dislike Southwest Airlines, now I am absolutely disgusted with them. I flew  on eight Southwest flights in 2014.... Seven of those flights were either delayed by several hours or canceled completely. I also have to just say first off that giving one star to this company is way too generous. The last trip from Phoenix to Vegas was my last straw. A five minute plane maintenance delay turned into a five hour nightmare. Had the aircraft not been 100% full, the first hour would have been a little more tolerable while I sat on the overheated runway with absolutely no communication or update from the staff about the delay. I was told "only ten more minutes" on five separate occasions. I deplaned and was rerouted on standby so I lost my "A/ boarding group place in line and was the very last person on the next overcrowded aircraft. When I finally arrived in Las Vegas I had discovered that bags were misplaced and transferred to a flight that would cost me another two hour delay. My returning flight from Las Vegas to Phoenix was of course also delayed because of faulty equipment, and I could not be rerouted to the next flight out because that aircraft was also delayed because of bad equipment!!! I am writing this review right now as I am sitting at the airport in Las Vegas wondering how many more lies the Southwest staff are going to put me through before I can finally get back to Phoenix. I can deal with a delay every now and then but with Southwest Airlines I have dealt with a delay and or other problems over 90% of the time I fly with them. I booked this round trip flight about a month ago and southwest was maybe about twenty five dollars cheaper then US airways and United. Please, please,  please.... save yourself the time and stress and pick ANY other airline besides Southwest! My Christmas was officially ruined by this airline and I have nothing positive to say about this company or the staff. If you respect yourself in any way at all then do not fly Southwest until they start getting their S$$t together, which I'm sure won't be for a long long time.
2	I know the prices for SW are super cheap, but it's not worth the horrible layovers they ALWAYS, ALWAYS have. I'd rather spend an extra $30 on another airline that has selected seating and a higher chance of leaving the terminal on time! Unless you got horrible money problems, this ain't the place for you!!
4	Vegas southwest is full of slot machine.  Hey ding ding ding.  I won $3.00. lol.I like to fly southwest because you still have the 2 free baggage check in,   They also give yiou little mini snacks such as peanuts and preztels with a beverage.  Their not to selfish with the snacks .  I heard one man ask fo 2 bags of peanuts, she was like no problem.  Just remember it is first come first serve on seating unless you have priority boarding and they get to choose before all the other class.
4	I've always loved Southwest (free drinks, free peanuts and each person gets to bring one luggage for free).  Unfortunately, I've been using another airline due to the prices.
4	Great airline. Would fly again. Staff very helpful. Nice not to have to pay additional fees for bags and included in price. Flight on time, good information given and appreciated the small snack and beverage. Low cost and excellent service.
2	I used to love Southwest Airlines but lately they aren't getting it for my travel.  While they used to tout being one of the most on time airlines now I cannot remember the last time I was not delayed.I really like their gate attendants, flight attendants, and their whole philosophy on flying BUT if you cannot get me their on time then I can't continue to use you.  Because Southwest stacks their flights so close if one flight is delayed you are almost guaranteed to miss the next one.Unfortunately the last 5 flights I have had with them have been either delayed or canceled.  I cannot use them for business any more because of the importance of being on time so I only use them for the short hauls and family trips.The one good thing I can say is that when I called their customer service, they owned that they have had some issues with their on time performance and that they are making changes.  They were very friendly and said they wanted to earn our business back SO I hope that I can update this review later on and say things have improved.
