4	When I saw this location had no reviews, I decided that was simply unacceptable.The first time I went it was busy (as it has been every time since), so I went in and put my name in the queue.  The hostess was very friendly to me and said we'd be seated shortly.  I walked outside with my guest and we enjoyed some of the coffee they set out when there's a long line.  A few minutes later, the server calls out over the loudspeaker and we walk in behind a couple who had just arrived.The man who just walked in front of us walks up to the server and says, "You just called me. I'm the guy you just called."  The hostess, bless her, says, "I think the gentleman right behind you might disagree."I will tell you, the look on that jerk's face was nearly as delicious as the food here.TGE specializes in exactly what you think it does.  Salad.  I mean, eggs!  Eggs!  I've been here many many times and while my cholesterol might not thank me, my palate does.  Everything I've had has been fresh and well made.  I like eggs, so I get a bit cranky when cooks overdo their omelets because they can't get them to hold together or when your over easy is over medium to over hard because, well, eggs are hard to do.  I have never had anything less than excellent here.The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because their sides are such a letdown by comparison to their eggy masterpieces.  The potatoes are fine, but I've had better in greasy spoon diners back in Buffalo.  All in all, I recommend it quite highly for a late breakfast/brunch.  The weekends are busy and they don't take reservations then, so make sure you get there early.
3	One of the better, if not dependable breakfast places on the west side. Granted our selection isn't as diverse as some other parts of the city, but we take what we can get. The Good Egg is a notch above places like Denny's and Sherri's (wait do they have those here in AZ?.) The portions are large and satisfying, the coffee is hot and plentiful and the menu items all have creative names involving the word egg. Like the Eggcellent Omelet.. you get the picture. but nothing on the menu is going to surprise you... unless you order the Oreo pancakes.. which I haven't been brave enough to do.The decor is strictly country kitchen which isn't really my thing, but the church going crowd seems to love it as this place gets insanely packed around 9-10am on Sundays. However the staff handles it well and I've yet to have anyone who wasn't friendly and courteous.If you want something quicker, Einstein's Bagels is only about a mile away and  there's a Marie Calendars around here somewhere as well. However for a real treat, (and a drive) check out the Orange Table near Indian School and Scottsdale road.
4	I'm torn on whether to give this place three or four stars...the food was definitely four star good, but the value was closer to three.  Also, the coffee, not so good...you know it is not one of their premier menu items when the couple next to you is greeted by the waitresses as regulars, order without looking at the menu, yet have brought their own coffee that they picked up at Einstein's on the way in...Anywho, I had the breakfast sandwich, eggs, cheese and turkey sausage on a croissant.  It wasn't as big as I thought based on the description, but it was plenty filling, and probably kept me from gorged myself even more than I did.  On the side I got a fruit cup...what it is with places and fruit cups...there was plentiful pineapple and melon, and like two grapes.  Did I just get a bad scoop, did they have bad grapes that day, what is the deal?  Just thinking about the breakfast sandwich right now is getting me considering going back sooner rather than later (big ups to them for having a breakfast meat option that is not from a pig, btw)...so I'm giving them four stars.
4	I love the Good Egg. They have delicious yet healthy options for breakfast, brunch, and lunch. The only down side is the service is not so great.
4	Really great place! We used to frequent the location in Mesa, but the manager was a total witch! I am serious--my bf, at the time, and I would go there, weekly, and she would never acknowledge us, or even attempt to be polite to the customers, so we stopped going. I am glad we gave the Bell Rd. location a try. The service was excellent! We were greeted, with a big smile, and seated immediately. Our server was excellent. Food is great. We always order the same thing, a skillet for me and Eye Opener Combo for the hubster. We are definitely excited to welcome this franchise back in to our rotation of wonderful breakfast joints!
4	We've eaten here many times. The turkey bialy is one of my favorites.  Most of the time the service is excellent.  Today we had a few issues with the preparation of the food, but when brought to the attention of the manager, he took the appropriate steps to make everything great.  This is a good, solid restaurant where you know that the quality of the food will be good.
3	Predictable food, and the menu isn't too bad. Today I tried an omelette with bleu cheese, which ended up sounding better than it tasted. The flavor was too bland for the most part. We sat outside on the patio for a change, to take advantage of the nice weather. Maybe we were out of sift, out of mind because the service was considerably slower than usual.
3	I'm not a big breakfast food fan, but this is the one place we always go to when visiting family out in Phoenix.  Ambiance is good and service is decent.  They have a nice outdoor seating area, which is enjoyable.  They have a bunch of egg/omlette options.  They have $1 pancakes on their specials menu- definately order one or order a few.  They melt in your mouth!
4	Went on a Wednesday morning, so we were seated right away.  Good food.  Huge selection.  Good coffee.  They leave the pot of coffee on the table, so you can have lots of refills.  Friendly staff.  I like this place.
3	The pluses:  The food was reliable Good Egg food.  Great portions, great taste, great price.The server kept up with our crazy speed of going through pots of coffee.The bummers:The host (some super old lady) tried to put a party of six (which included 3 people over 6 ft tall) in a booth meant to only comfortably seat 4. Even though there were empty tables EVERYWHERE.For the volume of business the place was doing at the time the Kitchen was pretty damn slow.Server seemed overwhelmed at times. We asked for one item 4 times and never received it.  He was nice enough though.Overall.  Still nothing beats the service of the Tucson Good Egg. But this one ranks as one of the oddest level of service for one visit off all the Phx locations.  Half great Half crappy all in one visit.
1	Blech. The Good Egg my dupa! It's more like "The Bad Egg"! As someone who loves trying new places for breakfast food, the one and only time I have ever eaten here, I got sick. In fact, both the BF and I didn't feel good the rest of the day after eating omelettes from this crap-hole.Every time I drive by this place (which is every single day because I live in the neighborhood) I say out loud, "Blech. More like the Bad Egg!" I don't know about other locations in the valley...but stay away from the one on 29th/Bell!
1	Very dissappointed. Had the Loca la vida, the salsa that came with it was the most disgusting thing I have ever tasted. I mentioned it to the waitress and she said that others had made the same comment. Well maybe you shouldn't serve it then, Hello! OJ was good but Expensive $2.95 for a lrge OJ.
4	We found this place a couple years ago and go back every time we're in town.  There are several healthy options on the menu.  Been 5-6 times tried different things and no complaints.
5	WE are new to AZ & our adult kids came to visit for the weekend.  Took them here for breakfast this morning, Labor Day, and have no complaints whatsoever.  Great food, fast service!!  My son is rather picky about his food and how it's prepared but he had nothing but good things to say.
4	I like the Good Egg, very consistent food and now they have the calories on the menu.  This location is a little old now and could use a remodel but the service is always good.
4	One of the best breakfast places in Phoenix.  I love it.
4	Went here two weeks ago for breakfast and forgot to add my review!I've been to a few different locations around the valley but this is the one closest to me. I've eaten here every once in awhile for many, many years.One of the best places for Eggs Benedict. Two toasted English muffins topped with a sweet grilled ham, two perfectly poached eggs, and an amazing Hollandaise sauce. They also have a few different varieties of Benedict but I like to go traditional.Add a side of "country" potatoes for $1 if you get the regular Benedict because it's not included. Also has good house coffee with cream and a selection of sweeteners.Good service but it's a small place and can get pretty packed with a long line to get in so get there early, especially on Sunday mornings - though they do have self-serve coffee outside to help with the wait.
4	Healthy And Good. Nice service.
4	It is not Sunday morning if we didn't go to The Good Egg. They have a great selection of interesting dishes, its all very affordable and they have a frequent visitor program so every 6th meal is free! Steven is by far the best waiter they have, though everyone is very friendly and most remember your name/face. I am sad to see this place getting closed, though the new location on Happy valley isn't too far away.
4	Good food, great staff. There is usually a bit of a wait whenever we go but that is our fault for waiting around and getting stuck in the church crowd.
