5	I don't normally write reviews for places like Dunkin Donuts....only if something truly awful or truly exceptional happens there.My friends, something truly exceptional happened at this DD.  They serve hot chocolate out of the machine.  For those that don't know this is the most wonderful, chocolatel-y, hot chocolate you could ever want.  Its so good.  I've tried several DDs in the Valley and most of them don't carry it at all, and one made it with steamed milk all fancy like.  This is the real deal.....the moment that chocolate-y goodness went down my throat I was in heaven.  Their donuts did look small but I was there for one reason and one reason only.....and now I know where to go to get my fix.
5	i'm an east-coaster  transplanted in  southern california so to say I go through DD withdrawl on an almost daily basis is an understatement.  This DD could have been the most run down DD in the world and I wouldn't have cared- as long as I was able to get a Bacon, Egg Cheese Croissant w/ a coffe coolatta- i would have been thrilledAlas, this was one of the nicer DD that I've seen compared to the one's I'm familiar with on the east coast- can't say I'm all about their new expanded menu options( hasbrowns ,flatbread sammies etc) just give me a donut and we'll call it a day.I love DD- they can do no wrong in my book.
4	Being a snotty coffee loving snot snot I wasn't expecting much from Dunkin" Donuts.  But, they just got done with their facelift and grand re-opening here is Arizona, and its close to work, so I wanted to give them a try.  I have to say I see why they are Starbuck's #1 competition on the east coast.  The store was clean and well organized.  The staff was friendly and efficient.  I ordered the flatbread gilled cheese combo for lunch which comes with iced tea or lemonade.  I got the iced tea, and it was delicious.  My grilled flatbread had three cheeses, and was fast, and warm, and very tasty.  This is not what I was expecting, and they have a great operation running here.  I WILL be back!  Oh, and my donut with pink strawberry frosting was delicious as well!
1	What was Dunkin Donuts thinking when they took out the selection of donuts and now only offer a choice of 10.  It used to be you couldn't decide which one to get, now you just have to settle for what they have.  This new and improved Dunkin Donuts is the worst.  I will return for coffee when I get the urge...but never for a donut!!  Oh and another thing...my Dunkin Donuts used to have Baskin Robbins inside...that is gone too...again WHAT WERE THEY THINKING!
2	I probably should've read the reviews that were written post grand re-opening, but instead, I figured that DD had to be better than I remembered.  Not the case!I stopped by this location this morning thinking about a coffee and maybe a breakfast sandwich.  Unfortunately, they were out of eggs!  Out of eggs?  Are you kidding me?  Ok... then I glanced at the muffin selection for an alternative.  No bran muffins or corn muffins (my two favorites).  That sucks!  So, I ordered an iced coffee with sugar-free vanilla flavoring and left in a flurry.  I took a sip and it was pretty gross - way too much syrup!  I came home, dumped half of it out, added some soy milk and it's now at least drinkable.Needless to say, not so impressed with the new (and not so improved) DD!
3	Bumping DD up to 3 stars, and honestly, I was considering 4.  Crazy, huh?  For whatever reason, I woke up thinking about that veggie egg white turkey sausage flatbread sandwich this morning... (Maybe it was because several yelpers told me it was pretty good when i wrote my last review).  So, I decided to give them another chance.This time, i called ahead to make sure that they had eggs, specifically the sandwich I was thinking about, in stock.  Sure enough, they did!  I went with the combo that included a hot coffee, and this time, everything tasted really good!  The sandwich is pre-made, but it was honestly pretty f'in delicious.  It was perfectly toasted multigrain flatbread, and inside was an eggwhite omelette with veggies and turkey sausage, and there was some melted cheese on it as well... it was the perfect size too.What makes me feel even better is that I just went online to DD website and looked up the nutrition info for the sandwich I had, and it's not so bad!  One sandwich has 280 calories, 19 grams of protein, and 6 grams of fat.  You may see me update this review again if I become a regular at DD, but I won't get too excited yet... I guess the key may be to call ahead, or maybe I just had a really unlucky first experience?  Either way, today I am a satisfied DD customer!PS - for any of you girls or boys that are into firemen, there was a firetruck parked outside this DD when I stopped by and a table full of firemen enjoying their DD too... I would guess they are regulars, so you may want to stop by sometime around 9am to check 'em out!
5	it's true, i'm a dunkie junkie.  it's REALLY HARD to get my fix here in southern cali, since there simply aren't any here.  none.  not a one.  so, whenever i go to my grandmother's house (just down the road from this location), guess where i stop?  i stop as often as possible.  "Grandma Suzie, you need some milk!  i'll go get some!"  ok, so the grocery store is two blocks the other direction...i still take the long way, via DD.  i get a new coffee flavor every time, can't have the same thing twice in a single trip.  i have two swift-approaching trips to AZ in next few weeks, and i am literally counting the days till i get my fix.i'm glad they've upgraded the store, the old one was looking a bit dated.  i would still go if it looked like a tijuana taco stand, though.  it's the coffee, people.  i have 4 ceramic DD mugs at home and 2 DD travel mugs that i use daily.  the coffee, oh the coffee...i could care less about the donuts or food items.  to me, it's all about the coffee.  it's so much better than anything else we have here.  please, who wants to pitch in and open a southern cali franchise with me?
4	Friendly staff, great product, open early! I've got nothing bad to say about the dunkin! Love this place!
2	I've always heard good things about the coffee at Dunkin Donuts, so I figured I had to try it. It is worse than gas station coffee-I'd rather drink Starbucks, and I hate their coffee. The service here was very friendly so I'll give them 2 stars-but based solely on coffee this place gets a 1 star.
3	Nothing spectacular...  But what do you expect for a fast food donut shop?  Good coffee, good donuts, friendly staff.  Once during an afternoon donut fix, the donuts I wanted were old, so they made fresh ones while I waited.  Due to traffic, the location isn't great.  Especially being located at the most dangerous intersection in Scottsdale (Thomas & Hayden).  This intersection has more accidents per year than any other in Scottsdale.  Look it up! Now where's my free donut, Dunkin?
4	I like their coffee much better than some of the other big names and the jelly donuts are "to die for".
3	I go here for coffee, never had a donut from this location.  They do amuse me because I take a couple minutes to fill out the surveys on the receipt for a free donut.  If you don't want a donut it's good for $1 off.  I found that out at another @DunkinDonuts .Except at this one, whenever I order my large hot or iced coffee and give them the coupon it comes out at .29 cents.  Cool.Otherwise, this DD is not well run judging from the 6-7 times I've been in.  There is usually a harried middle aged guy running around trying to speed things up and causing confusion among the several young women that also work there and move at a leisurely pace.  It's kind of amusing except that the drinks get screwed up with regularly.
5	These folks are doin' DD RIGHT!!!
5	Love the coffee!!  The woman working the counter looked like she needed a cup to wake-up!
5	This Dunkin Donuts is the best in the valley!  Coffee is always AWESOME & Gabe the manager is always there with a smile.  There staff is friendly, and the place is very clean!  I got out of my way to stop there every morning before work.
2	If this is what you're into for donuts and coffee, then this is your place.  But I don't get what the allure of Dunkin Donuts is.  I don't care for the Donuts, I don't care to try the breakfast foods, and I think the coffees are alright, but I am not that big of a fan the popular creamy, fatty, fast food "coffee" that seems to be popular nowadays.As you can probably guess, I haven't set foot inside a Dunkin Donuts in years.  But today I decided I wanted to check out the new K-cup coffee the franchise offers.  At first, I thought it was stupid that Dunkin Donuts only offers their flavors in stores, but now I realize that it's marketing genius.  That's because I decided I was in the mood for a snack, so I bought two Donuts.The Donuts are underwhelming.  I've had supermarket bakery donuts that are much better and cheaper.  The K-cup coffee selection was also bad.  This location only had Hazelnut and decaf in stock.  I grabbed a hazelnut, which was actually pretty good, but there are several companies offering hazelnut flavors for Keurig coffee makers.  The Dunkin brand wasn't any better than the others, and I can get those flavors online or at any store that sells K-cups.There are much better coffee and donut options out there.  I'd go with somewhere else unless you're a Dunkin loyalist.
3	Pretty cool place for coffee and donuts exceptional customer service
3	Basic Dunkin Donuts fare, but the staff is always so nice here any time I've dropped in.  They also produce your order faster than most other branches I've been to in Phoenix Metro.
4	Didn't feel like having any thing to eat this morning, so I came in just to get some coffee. Great place great people. The coffee is awesome.
5	Got my DD fix twice this weekend.  This store was really nice.  I went to a rinky dink one on Friday and this one was the like the Taj Mahal compared to the other one in Tempe.Got the wife and I some coffees and a couple of donuts.  My wife doesn't usually drink coffee but she liked it!  I'm the same way...I can care less about coffee but when its Dunkin Donuts coffee, I'm in!  I don't know what it is, but its always the perfect temperature to drink (not too hot) and they use the perfect amount of cream and sugar.  It just works!  I also tried out their new Oreo donut.  It was a winner!  White cream filled donut with white frosting and oreo cookie pieces crumbled on top.  It was an amazing donut and by far my favorite donut I have had from Dunkin Donuts.  I just wish these were widespread all over the great state of California (Only 2 at Camp Pendleton).  They would make a killing $$$$$.
4	Dunkin Donuts is a great place to get your sugar fix... also they have great coffee, but everyone knows that already. My favorite is the icing filled donuts.
4	I will go out of my way to go to this DD location! My only gripe is the lack of a drive-thru, but I rarely wait more than a minute or two in line inside the store. The employees are very friendly, a few of whom recognize and know me by name. They don't run out of caramel flavoring twice in one week, or "accidentally" serve me iced tea instead of iced coffee, unlike another location. *cough cough* Scottsdale & McKellips.P.S.  99 cent iced coffees and iced teas from 3-6 pm :)
3	I occasionally stop and get coffee and donuts at Dunkin Donuts.  I was initially excited when I learned that there was a Dunkin Donuts in Scottsdale. We do not have them in Spokane, and I had always heard about their great coffee and donuts. However, I was somewhat disappointed in the reality - maybe I was expecting to much.  I thought both the coffee and donuts were average. Actually, I thought everything was average, including the physical space and service, and it was certainly not a comfortable place to sit, drink coffee, and eat donuts.  So the only time I stop is when I am in the shopping center for something else, and need coffee or donuts to go.
5	This is the best DD ever!!!  I come in here before I head over to work sometimes and the staff is sooooooo friendly!!  I bought a small coffee, and the worker gave me an ice water to-go along with the coffee; I didn't even have to ask him for water!  The manager even spoke with me briefly before I left.  Some places rush their customers out, but the workers will talk to you and treat you well here!  Thanks for treating your customers like royalty, DD!  :)
5	Very friendly staff! Always make my coffee perfect and never run out of donuts. I went I'm to get 10 gift cards they were so nice about it and even gave me a free coffee while I was waiting! This is always my dunkin donuts of choice even though there is another one closer to my home.
5	It goes without saying, Dunkin' Donuts is pretty damn good. This one in Scottsdale is pretty awesome. I don't know about you, but I'm definitely not above ignoring national chains like DD in Yelp reviews.Coming from Southern California, we're not getting any in my home region until 2015. That's two years too long, and so Las Vegas, Nevada and the Phoenix, Arizona metros are the closest places to get my fix in the interim.This location is close to the home of my college roommate, and, while visiting him a few weeks ago, this particular DD would be where you can find me most mornings, getting a donuts and loading up on caffeine. I would make it a point to get up early before anyone in the house was awake and walk on over (one of the few instances of getting any real physical activity while visiting and a vain attempt to offset the donut I would be consuming).It's that good. It literally got me out of bed early while on vacation.Scottsdale is a pretty affluent community, and so it's only appropriate that their local DD is pretty nice. Their charity donation boxes were full of dollar bills (the first time I've seen such a full donation box!) as well. Though located in a nondescript strip mall, the store itself is well kept and still feels new. The inside is large enough and employees here are friendly.During my week-long visit, there were a few snowbirds visiting from the East Coast each morning (which you were able to determine by their accents and the license plates of cars outside). Obviously, DD brought back memories of the northeast for them as well.The quality of the donuts here were consistently fresh and well-stocked. I usually go for an old fashioned chocolate donut or a chocolate sprinkle donut to go with my raspberry coffee (creamed and sugared, naturally).The Scottsdale location participates in all the promos (including the trivia scratchers game on medium and large coffees, whereby you can win more free stuff like another donut or another coffee). If you plan on visiting regularly, you can download the app or take their online surveys on the receipt, many of which I was able to complete while still in the store and write down for a future visit.This place also had more variety of flavors for their Munchkins (at least compared to the other one I frequent in Las Vegas whenever I'm there). By request from members of my traveling party, I got an assortment for take-out during one of my visits. It was then that I noticed that they had more than just powdered sugar and chocolate to pick from (they also had cinnamon and a seasonal flavor I couldn't quite remember...but it was four total choices).Man, DD needs to hurry the hell up and open one in my hometown already! With the rising costs of plane tickets to Phoenix, this habit is becoming increasingly unsustainable.
4	Dunkin Donuts uses 100-percent Arabica coffee beans! Plenty of options to choose from! Espresso, Coffee, Lattes, and Cappuccinos and a ton of different flavored syrups to add into any drink! They also have decent breakfast food to satisfy your craving if you're in a rush. Try the Big and Toasted. Yummmmmm but so not heathy. The breakfast sandwiches are basically all the same... egg, meat, cheese and the bread ranges from Texas toast, and bagels to glazed doughnuts.  Yeah....I don't think I'll every be trying that one anytime soon. The best part about DD are the super reasonable prices and great service! The new location near the Biltmore area is by far my favorite and has the best service by far!  All the people working here always have a smile on their face and make my visit a great one!
4	There are some things you miss out on growing up in a California city. Dunkin Donuts is apparently one of them. Though I've had their coffee in various East Coast cities and in airports, I'd never had the full donut experience until recently in Scottsdale. I had butterflies in my stomach as I walked into the small, brightly lit store. With so many varieties of donuts, pastries, and coffee beverages, how would I know what to choose? It didn't help that the line moved super fast so before I knew it was I was stuttering confusing things to the cashier. She was super patient as I took forever choosing my donuts. I didn't realize that they 'dressed' your coffee for you, and as I was ordering coffee for a big group, I was super freaked out and panicked. Luckily, she held my hand through the process and though I didn't quite get everything right in my order, she did her best to help me make it through. When I finally got my hands on some of these donuts, I was very pleased. It's the classic donut that you don't find at the fancy bakeries that are doing gourmet donuts these days. These are basic, familiar donuts (not even fancy enough to be spelled 'doughnut'), in varieties like sprinkle, jelly, and cruller (my fave). Wow, I never thought I'd be going on and on like this about a Dunkin Donuts, but all I can say is I'm grateful and sad at the same time that I don't have one anywhere near me in LA. If I did, I might be a lot happier and a lot fatter right now!
5	I come to this Dunkin all the time and the staff is always super friendly. I am always in and out of there in minutes, they are super efficient and always get everything right. I always get black iced coffee so I guess it's not TOO hard of an order :) but still! Veggie egg white flat is really good too and doesn't have many calories. I loved when they had the punch card so you got a free coffee after buying so many but now they have an app with lots of deals too which is cool. I like going somewhere in the morning where the people are friendly because it just starts your day on the right foot. My only complaint is that there isn't a drive thru :( oh well.
4	Way better coffee than Starbucks. This is our Sunday stop every week. The doughnuts taste the same as they did when I was a child. Still love the Boston Cream YUM! They also have great bagels.
2	BoSa is better.I do like those preservatives pretending to be hash browns though. They're pretty solid.
1	I go to Dunkin all the time but this was my first and last visit to this location. I ordered iced coffees for me and my husband today and after taking a sip, they were very watery and had no flavor. I took them back in and asked the lady who made them if she could add more flavor because they were so bad and she told me it was an extra charge for more flavor. I told her I get this coffee all the time and it never tasted like this. She grabbed them from me and said she would make them over. After making them she pretty much threw them at me and walked away. I asked her to come back and if I could talk to her manager. She said she was the manager and I told her I didn't appreciate her being so rude to me. She said she wasn't and then just walked away again. The coffees she re-made were just as bad as the first ones, so we just threw them away and went to Dutch Bros instead where we know we always get great coffee and great service. I will NEVER visit this location again!!
1	My favorite donut is the bavarian cream. Three weekends in a row they were out before 12:00 every time. First the cream gun was broken, fine. Then we get real busy. Keep in mind I only want the one kind of donut. I go get them elsewhere both times after disappointed. The third time I was told by the shift manager Lavon, were all done for the day! No more! I explained to her this is the third time that you guys haven't had it and it's only 10:30 a.m. Is there any way you could make some more for me please? She blamed the bakers and aggressively told me to order some donuts or move it along.  I discuss with her the fact that if there isn't enough donuts 3 weeks in a row and the bakers are making enough for the day, maybe you as the manager should tell them to make more. Seeming they're open til 9 p.m. If you run out before noon 3 weeks in a row maybe there's a supply problem and your missing out on sales. It's win-win you get money, I get donuts, everybody's happy. She didn't see it that way and thought it better I left. Wow, ridiculous. Som "manager" she is. I found out later from another shift manager that it only takes several minutes to make these donuts and there's no reason she shouldn't have. Awesome.
1	The service at this location is crap. No one speaks English or really cares about customer service
2	Many changes since the manager change. Not all the new people up to speed. Hope it gets better
1	Horrible Customer Service!  No smiles, no personality, they called me "You" the entire time I was there.  Very Bad
