5	Loved it and they accepted me as a walk-in even though their closing time was hours earlier. They provided wonderful service and my nails look great I'll definitely be coming back
5	This is my new regular place.  VERY friendly staff makes you feel welcome and is very attentive.  When they say spa day this is the kind of place I love to go to. Equipment is new and clean and staff is very professional. A+ to this new place I'm loving it!
5	Awesome pedicure and really really nice family that owns it. Everyone was very pleasant and polite. They spend a lot of time on your nails. Very nice massage. Callous removal done perfectly. Very clean. Highly recommend. Tami did my nails.
5	My daughter and I came in today for a pedicure.  Extremely nice people, lots of fun, and the salon is tastefully decorated and very clean.  We were very pampered, and my daughter is thrilled with butterfly wings art on her toes, done by Roxy.  The lady who did my pedicure told a funny story about her sister and a pedicure stool (ask her), and then she laughed and laughed, and she has a truly delightful and infectious laugh!What a refreshing change from some other nail salons in  north Tempe where they can't get you in and out fast enough and act like they are annoyed you are there.  Thanks for polishing us pretty, we will most definitely be back!  :)
5	I was SO EXCITED when Polish Me Pretty opened next door to Changing Hands and Trader Joe's. I went in on Friday, with high expectations, and am pleased to tell you that they exceeded all my expectations. The atmosphere is lovely. The technicians really know what they are doing. And, to top it off, they are very reasonably priced. I have had many manicures and pedicures in my life, and the folks at Polish Me Pretty delivered one of the best I've ever had. The pedicure was phenomenal; I work retail and my feet were nasty, but they were utterly unfazed, kind and gentle, and at the end of the pedicure, I was more relaxed than I had been in months. I cannot say enough good things about this place. Love, love, love it!
4	My friend recommended this new salon and my roommate and I decided to treat ourselves to pedicures this past weekend. I called and easily made an appointment for later that afternoon. We arrived and the spa is really cute. It is a "nail bar", and not a salon, in that there aren't individual stations lining the whole space. They have a manicure area in the front and the back is the spa chairs for pedicures. Mindy (the owner?) did my pedi and she said they'd been open for about 7 weeks. I thought she did a really great job and it was a pleasant experience. I only have two minor complaint, the first is that they don't have any TVs and the music they play is world music. Not that I don't love world music, but I wish it was a little more aesthetically stimulating. Second is that we made our appointment for 4pm but my friends' manicure didn't start until 10-15 minutes after mine, which was a little awkward but he didn't mind. I'll probably be back since it's closer than the place I usually go
5	I just had my second pedicure here and enjoyed it thoroughly. The employees are very friendly and take their time doing your nails. You don't feel rushed. Everything is always fresh and they are continually expanding their color options. I enjoy the relaxing atmosphere.
5	I am always looking for the great Mani Pedi. I am always looking for a shop that is super clean and does a great job!Well, this is it!Very Clean , family run. They are all there working as well. So they make sure it is a wonderful experience. It is clean ,smells good and looks great. We got wonderful pedicures every time. They are friendly and take there time, but do not waste your time.I also get the pedi mani together because, it is a good price and I have my real nails ,not the artificial  type.  I like this place a lot and will  go back in the next few days as well.Certain days parking can be a bit tight, because, there is Changing Hands Bookstore and Trader Joe's as well as a few other places there.
5	Happened upon this place on its grand opening and I have been coming back ever since! Really, really adorable and pretty decor inside. Very nice technicians and a great pedicure with hot stone massage (yes, please!). My nails have always looked great and the polish has lasted a long time.
2	Meh.. its all i can say.  I went here because of the rave reviews, but i didn't see anything special about it, and I've had better.  I also waited over 45 minutes past my appointment time because they were understaffed that day.. i get that people call out and i have patience and forgiveness.. but may offer 10% off for the long wait? that would have me coming back for sure.  the one thing that i really liked about this place is that the nail tech opened a new tool package before getting to work on my nails, so i appreciate cleanliness!
5	This place is such a gem to have in the Tempe Square area! The salon is darling, very clean and I appreciate that the entire staff speaks clear English. They are all welcoming, friendly and accommodating. They are not pushy or loud and are very clear about their prices so you know what you're paying for. It's excellent service for reasonable prices. Nancy is an absolute doll! I'll definitely be returning with my sisters and friends!
5	Moved to Tempe this month so I was on the hunt for a nail salon to ease my weary feet!  What a gift to have Polish Me Pretty less than a minute from my apartment.  The Organic Treat Pedicure is SO worth the money.  The nice thing it they have a pedicure service for what every you need.  What also impressed me was the cleanliness and friendliness of the staff/family (the whole gang are so great!  Dad never stops moving, cleaning, fixing...keeps the place spotless!)Could say more but so many other reviewers share me opinion.  One piece of advice, be patient!  The shop is super busy on the weekend but they make sure they are aware of who is waiting.
5	My experience was great.  It is a very clean place. My service wasn't rushed. I liked how they took their time and made sure I was satisfied. Will definitely go again during my time in Arizona.
5	First visit there and I loved the artists energy. They were clean and took extra time on my mini massages. I'll definitely be back again.
5	Great attention to detail. Full service from the welcome at door, a complementary water bottle, to the getting the works for a pedicure!! Great place and will return!
5	Loved my experience here. Was greeted promptly, was seated promptly. But my services were not rushed whatsoever even though I came within the last hour of the day. The lady who gave me my pedicure took her time with my leg and foot massage. The place is super clean and so were the tools. The best part for me is that the place did not smell toxic like some other places I have been to here in the valley. Everyone was friendly. And I thought the price was very fair. I would definitely go back.
5	Amazing! Super friendly, huge color selection (best Gel variety bar none) and amazing service. I've found my new nail salon- believe the reviews, they do great work!
4	What a cute shop! Everyone was super friendly. I was offered water several times. They really care about their customers and even when they are busy they never show any stress. Everything is taken care of with a warm smile! It's amazing how popular they have become with only being open for 4 months! They also have the biggest selection of regular and gel polishes to choose from - you name a brand or color, they've got it! My only reason for not rating this 5 stars is because I like a VERY thin line on my French manicure tip, and expressed that I wanted it very thin, but she did not make it thin enough and acted surprised/unusual about how thin I wanted it
5	I have lived in phoenix for two years and have probably been to 100 nail salons tryimg to find one that does a good job with gel manicures. My search is finally over! Not only does the gel last longer than two weeks it actually looks good. The family run business is very friendly and the salon is one of the cleanest I have been to. The best part is the service is very reasonably priced... I love this place
3	Prices are a bit high for the acrylic gels, and they charge extra for the hand massage even though that's what a manicure is supposed to come with, but I love how they always get the design prefect!!
5	I have been trying to grow my nails out and to do that I must keep polish on them. Regular polish only lasts a few hours. Gel Polish is the way to go as I can get 2-3 weeks if I try hard. I bought a kit so I could do them myself but it always ends up peeling off the next day. So I splurged and walked in here on a Saturday morning to treat myself to a manicure. I was greeted immediately and shown to the nail bar where five other customers were having nails done. The first thing that I noticed was no smell! I have migraines and usually a trip to the nail salon is a sure migraine trigger for me. Not this salon. The ladies doing the nails were all super friendly and beautiful happy smiles. So half hour later and only 25.00 plus tip I walked out with ten perfectly manicured pink nails. I plan to come back. Added bonus is it's within walking distance to my home.
1	Be prepared to wait 30 minutes even with an appointment. When I made the appointment I specifically asked that my party of three sat together. When I arrived this request was obviously an inconvenience for them. This place is a pedicure factory and very busy. I felt like a number and not a client. First impression was not what I hoped based on their yelp reviews. First off the salon was very hot like the ac was not working. Second they allowed customers to eat stinky Mexican food while in the pedicure chair. That has to be against health code plus it's just gross. Don't drop your taco in the foot water! Ugg. Typical Asian salon, nothing spectacular.Update! Nail tech cut my cuticle while filing and I developed an infection. I will not be back.
5	Just had a great pedi with Nancy. The shop is super clean and everything is new. Great polish choices. Hot stone massage was lovely. Apparently weekends are really crazy but I was here on a Thursday evening and got right in.
2	The place has cute decor but service needs improvement. I have been here 2 times now and both times I left unhappy. The girls are nice, but they are horrible with appointments. First time I was there, I waited almost an hour before they started on me. While my friend was already done. Second visit, with an appointment there was still a wait. No one asked what pedicure I wanted and assumed  the classic because they had people waiting. I don't think she even cut my cuticles. Oh, and they bring in someone else for massages, so they switch ladies on you without telling you. Needless to say, I won't be coming back.
5	One if the best gel nail places in Tempe! They last forever and the color stays bright. I will never go to anywhere else. I highly, highly, highly recommend this nail salon for anyone who wants a good gel manicure that doesn't break the bank!
5	This place is clean, decorated very cute and the ladies are all friendly and super accommodating. I've never had an issue getting in even when it's last minute and the prices are fair. I get gel overlay and they never disappoint.
3	I just moved here from California and have been in search for a nice nail place to become a regular.  The ambiance here is calm and clean.  Not very happy with my gel mani. 2 days in and one already chipped. And the simple design wasn't very well done. Went back to fix the one chip and waited at least 15 min. And was barely acknowledged.
5	Nancy is bomb.com!! I use to live in Tempe and just recently moved to North Scottsdale and I still choose to make the long drive to just see Nancy. She knows what she's doing and has great taste. If you're unsure of what you should get done, Nancy will be there to help you out. She is the best and the only person I will allow to do my manicure. I even have my sisters and best friend seeing Nancy only. I always make an appointment with her, which I highly suggest. Because it's a busy nail bar. The nail bar is so beautiful and kept clean, I enjoy the music they play. Mindy runs the place and is the sweetest thing ever, everyone there I encounter are just great! This is the place to go, no doubt about that!
1	I happened to choose this off of yelp reviews and was hoping for the best since there are nail salons all over the valley and you never know what you're going to get. I walk in and sign in and wait for someone to take me back. I finally get back, the girl who first worked on my nails didn't even introduce herself but sure was quick to judge my nails as I had gotten them done elsewhere. Then it was explained to me that someone else would be painting my nails and finishing since the girl I was with originally had an appt to tend to. I waited for about 15 minutes before the same girl who worked on my nails came back to work some more on my nails without saying a word. Then the girl who was supposed to paint my nails finally arrived, gave attitude to the other girl, didn't greet me, and was pretty rude. A few hours after getting my nails done I began to notice air bubbles. Pretty disappointed that I won't be coming back here. Really wanted to find a place I could stick to.
5	I have had two fantastic pedicure experiences at this salon! They offer great customer service, fair prices, and the space is beautiful and adorably decorated! I am a former nail blogger and a perfectionist, so trust me when I say that their technique is on point. You know if you are getting a good polish job if your tech wraps the edges and used a clean-up brush around the cuticle! I will continue to visit for my occasional treat-to-myself!
5	I walked in without an appointment for a Classy Gel Mani/pedi.  (getting married on Friday)  The ladies took excellent good care of me. I had no wait, the salon was clean, the music was not too loud, the gel came out GREAT.  I did this mid-week, so I am not certain what their wait time is like on the weekends or in the evenings... but great little shop.  THANK YOU!
5	My first visit at this place and I'm impressed! I walked up at 9:20am knowing they open at 9:30. Tami opened the door at 9:22 and I was in the chair at exactly 9:30! Very punctual! Pedicure was great. Tami did such a wonderful job on my nails! And talk about clean! I saw them cleaning between clients and they scrubbed everything! My new nail place from now on! Beautiful decor.
4	I have only been here 1 time, so if things change on my next visits I will update... I made an appointment for 6 PM and was taken back right away. I had Nancy just for the removal of the gel and then I was switched over to Roxy. Overall the place was really nice, not like most salons I have been to. The decorations and overall set up were very modern and cute. Roxy was very quiet and sweet. She took her time and was really meticulous with my gel manicure. Everyone around me was joking with customers and having a great time. I will be back!!
5	Tried out this nail salon for the first time this weekend and I could not have been more satisfied! The massage chairs are the best I've ever sat in! It was very clean, the employees were funny, nice, and attentive, and the pedicure was the best I've ever had! I definitely have found my new favorite nail place :)
5	Went here with my mom when I was home visiting and selfishly wish this place was located near me instead! Great pedicure, great price, super nice girls. This will fr sure be our go-to pedi place when I'm in town.
5	As I was sitting in the pedicure chair last night, I thought to myself - I'm really doing a disservice to an amazing place by not writing Polish Me Pretty Nail Bar a review.  They always fit me in, and I'm always in a rush, so they'll do my manicure and pedicure at the same time.  I used to go across the street, and it was much more expensive and not as clean.  Polish Me Pretty is SO clean - the owner is literally there cleaning things every time I am there.  Not to mention, the fabulous deal I get.  An express pedi and mani for $31.  Every nail technician I've had there has been fabulous and I'm just so happy I've found my go-to nail place!  Thank goodness I gave Polish Me Pretty a try- they have never disappointed.
1	In terms of the ability to do good nails I give them a five however the customer service sucks. My friends and I have been here several times and the first time we went the nail technician got into it with my friend over the design she wanted and because the nail tech got the design wrong the first time she got an attitude with my friend when she told her that's not what she wanted and tried to explain to her how she wanted it to look. That was a first. The second time we went and my friend had made us appointments and then when we get there the appointments weren't even in the book so we had to not only wait but we were never told they were sorry for not being able to accommodate us. We were only told that we would have to wait later and when I talked to my friend and she again confirmed she called and made an appointment for three at five pm I again talked to the lady and the tech said with a cocked head and said "like I told you it wasn't written down so you'll have to wait" !!! I will never go to this place again and will never refer anyone to this place. They are always short staffed and don't have enough staff to accommodate their clientele. The last time I sat to get a pedicure I literally sat for 45 minutes to the point where my water got cold.  never again!!!!
1	Poor customer serviceMy friends and I have been looking for a great place to make it our spot. We have been to many places and we found this place, first time I got into it with a nail tech after politely telling them four times how I wanted the design and also showing her a photo. Second time was nice and they do a nice job so I made an appointment for me and two of my friends at five pm. My friends arrived before me and were told that we didnt have an appointment,  my friend called me and told me,  I told her who I spoke with and my friend again told the nail tech we had an appointment.  The tech said " like I told you, you'll have to wait,  we didn't write it down". Needless to say after now two issues we did not wait and we will not go back!  They do great nails if you can handle the attitude
4	Had a great experience here. Don took his time and my toes look fantastic. I will definitely go back.
5	As a manager of various upscale spas and salons over the past ten years, I can say with great confidence, I had the greatest manicure of my life on Christmas Eve. The young female manager "owned" her space here as a manger. She provided me with the most thorough manicure I've ever had, while managing the front desk and customers from a distance. She was professional, very friendly, and gracious. I cannot recommend this place more. Well done!
5	I recently moved to Tempe and have been looking for a great nail place. I had my nails done at Ulta in Tempe Market Place, that was the worst decision ever, and have been suffering with the crap job I had. I was shopping at Trader Joes and was lucky enough to find this ADORABLE nail bar. It is decorated like a posh, Scottsdale nail bar, but with better pricing. They have a huge range of gel color (INCLUDING OPI). I picked a muted color, just to try them out, and the cost was average, $30 for a gel manicure. This will now be my spot. I can't wait to get a pedicure here!!!
