4	Recently opened on the Royal Mile, Wildest Drams looks to pair locally sourced game dishes with a selection of craft beers. They have a good selection of malts, too. I visited during a working lunch so can't attest to how well the beers work, but the food was of impressively good quality, with a particularly tasty game pie. So overall, we said: "Wildest Drams made a very pleasing first impression. Both courses were delivered to a very high standard. I look forward to visiting again and trying their beer matching selections. I would recommend you do likewise at your earliest convenient opportunity."
5	Amazing experience start to finish.  We loved the leek and wild mushroom soup and goat cheese with beets.  Very good beer selection.  My wife had chicken with morels, and I had sea bass, which may have been the best piece of fish I have ever eaten.  Extremely impressed by the freshness and quality of the food--doubt we will be able to walk in without reservations the next time we're in Edinburgh!
4	Came in here shortly after it opened and had a good night.Great range of beers and they also had a couple of gluten free options which is a bonus. Bar had a few visitors in it which is always good.Food options good - a bit on the pricey side but my fish with crab was beautifully cooked and savoured. Dining area was quiet and quite sparsely decorated - think the place needs time to settle into itself as it was a bit lacking in atmosphere.Probably more of a 3.5 rather than a 4* - not my first option for dinner again in the area but an ok option if I did end up here.
2	This restaurant is really great in theory, but poorly executed. I really struggled between 2 and 3 stars for this place, but ultimately decided on 2. Our reservation was for New Years Eve. When we arrived, our table wasn't ready yet so we were provided a seat at the bar and took a look at the drink menu while waiting. They offered to allow us to order and our drinks would be served at our table upstairs, but we decided to wait. We eventually worked our way upstairs, and the dining room was quite small with about 7 tables in total. I decided to order the Pork Belly with black pudding mash, and my husband went with the Water Buffalo roast. We also both started with the Parsnip soup and ordered a bottle of wine. When our server brought our wine out, he set it down with two glasses and we were left to open it by ourselves. I mean, it was a screw top bottle, but I've never had to open my own bottle of wine AND pour the first glass in a restaurant EVER.The soup it's self was quite good, not much else to say about, it was soup, ha ha. The pork belly its self was REALLY good, especially with the apple and cinnamon sauce it was served with. However, everything from there went down hill. The vegetables didn't have much flavour, they just tasted like boiled vegetables. The black pudding mash also didn't have much flavour, they just tasted like dry mashed potatoes. I thought they needed more salt and pepper (which in my defense, I NEVER put on food in restaurants) but there was no salt or pepper on the table. My husband roast tasted like any normal roast. There wasn't anything necessarily wrong with it, it just tasted like a roast you'd get in any pub. His vegetables were much like mine, but his roasted potato was quite good. Especially in the gravy served with the roast. At the end we decided to order a couple whiskeys as our dessert before heading off to celebrate new years properly. You have to pay for your meal downstairs, which I thought was a bit odd, but oh well. The service that night was particularly slow. Which surprised me given that there were 7 tables (only 6 of which were sat) and there were 2 servers. All in all, this restaurant really has the potential do and be something really special. But instead, the food is more like something you'd get in a basic gastropub.
