5	OMG, the ribs are the best!!!  Don't get them if you are way hungry though cuz there are about 5 finger size ribs but they are so tender and i heart them.
3	Love Burger King, though this particular location is far from my favorite. Still, I find myself frequenting this one since it is the closest one to my girlfriend's house.This location usually takes your order and gives it to you promptly and accurately, but there have been a few times when the staff have been a bit absent-minded. On at least one occasion, I asked for onion rings in my meal instead of fries, and just ended up getting fries. Another big complaint is that if you pay with a debit/credit card, they make you sign the receipt. This is the ONLY Burger King I know of that does this; I have been to at least a dozen other locations in the valley and none of them do this.If you're in the neighborhood this place will probably take care of you well, just be sure to double-check your order.
4	Always had good and fast service at this location.
4	I usually get friendly service here. There is often at least one error in my orders, however. This is ok as long as i eat in, which i often do since theres a HUGE, really nice indoor kids play area (which gets them an extra star!) However , when going thru the drivethru, expect a wait, and CHECK YOUR ORDER! Preferably before leaving the drivethru!
1	Just got out of this place after a 25 minute wait for two whoppers and a large fry...by far the worst BK I've been too...!!!
4	Wonderful drive thru service this morning.  I changed the order at the speaker and added on at the window and the wonderful women was so accommodating. Order was right and super fresh. Thank you BK.
1	Me and my friend came here today around 11 or so in the drive thru. I ordered my meal and she informed the guy taking our order (his name was Anthony) that she was going to make a separate order since we wanted to pay separately. Apparently it was a problem because there was someone behind us and he would not let us make that second order. I have NEVER had that kind of problem at any other drive thru, and he apologized over the intercom and my friend even told him "i have worked at Burger King before and I was always able to do separate orders." We think he was too worried about his timing or whatever but either way it was bullshit how we had to go back around just to order her food. He didn't even bother acknowledging the fact that we had to come back around and didn't even say sorry again he just acted like we were a completely different customer not even 3 minutes later! What a joke.
1	Terrible service. The guy that took my order disregarded what I said and put what ever he wanted. Stopped at the first window and she couldn't comprehend what I wanted and it was a simple chicken sandwich, just the sandwich. Left to go inside so I could speak to someone that spoke English. It's ridiculous to have to do this and need to find someone that doesn't have a language barrier.
5	One of the few locations that still has Satisfries. They have my business before other BKs.
