5	"If you want a good, tasty, budget brat," says my bossman, "go for the johnsonville smoked cheddar jalepeno".  *cringe*Two things here:  (1) what the heck is a "budget brat" and (2) BARF!  If you're going to eat meat in tube form.  Do yourself a favor:  spend the extra 20 cents per pound (yes I actually checked some brat prices), go down to Bavaria Sausage Kitchen, and get the real thing.  They've got your regular brats, your fresh brats, your smoked brats, your beer brats, your weiners, your weisswurst, your polish and a bunch of sausages you've probably never heard of, but are undoubtedly delicious.  I did a BBQ for about 70 people, which gave me the opportunity to load up on just about every tubed meat in the case.  Plus BSK has their more popular products packed in cases of 25, in the freezer, ready to go.  Service was nice and prompt, even with such a big order right near the end of business.  And, most importantly, my customers were happy.  I received lots of compliments on the quality, and there wasn't a single sausage left at the end of the day (although I did spy a few half-eaten greasy frozen burgers that had been abandoned).  So for the quality, the location, and the service....Bavaria Sausage Kitchen has earned their five stars.  A few minor details.  Thanks to Daniel K. for the recommendation.  The BSK website looks a little garish, but his comment got me over that.  Also, let me say, BSK has TONS of other products.  We talking cold cuts, salami, bacon, cured pork concoctions, cheeses, dry goods, and what appears to be the largest collection of imported Haribo (German original brand of gummi candy) anywhere outside of Germany.  I won't lie, I took a couple packs to snack on.
5	Jawohl! This place is the bee's knees, the brat's tots, er...it's zehr gut. Mr. G fired up a tasty smoked brat that we later added to red beans and rice. Dang. That is no budget brat! The ladies behind the counter were very helpful and, because we bought a huge amount for a party, they even threw in a free box of orange liqueur chocolates for us!I inquired about a curious sign near the cash register that read "Fresh Venison". Basically, if you're a local hunter and bring your deer in here, they'll do all the necessary butchering for you. Sometimes they have leftovers for customers to purchase. Sounds a little wild, but next time I might be game!Oh, and ditto on the Haribo gummy candy selection. It's huge.
1	Some great food, some very old shelf food and some miserable people behind the counter.I can't recall a place that had more unfriendly people waiting on you.  They apparently hate working here.  I can't blame them.  They are cramped up inside this small space that looks like something out of Alfred Hitchcock's film Spellbound.I once accidentally asked for a certain number year cheddar and they about pulled a gun out from under the counter and shot me.  "WHAT?!  THERE IS NO SUCH THING!"  My mistake, I mean 7 year cheddar.  I  had accidentally used the price in place of the year.Never a thank you, never a friendly chit chat at check out.  Here ya go.  Ugghh.  I really hate this place but the cheese and sausage are good.Apparently I wrote this when the place was closed for repairs.   Didn't mean to add insult to injury.   But my comments were on the staff not so much the food.   I am hopeful that all of the old shelf food went up in flames.   If I return I won't worry about what I buy from the shelf.   What I said about the staff is true.   I have never seen a smile in this place..
5	I've never had a bad experience at this place.  The German food selection is great and the frozen and refrigerated selection is always tasty (I recommend the sauerbraten). Fridays when the weather is nice they grill out on the front lawn.  Stop by for a great selection of sausages cooked up fresh.As a counter point to a one star review for this place...  It was written while Bavaria Sausage was closed for fire repairs, so who knows how accurate that review might be.
4	I can't say that I've tried too many of the sausages here, but what we have had has been delicious.  They also have a fun selection of German foodstuffs.  Lots of candy, chocolate, kraut, assorted pickled stuff, coffee, mustard, cheese, summer sausages, etc.  Great place if you find yourself wanting to put together a German-themed gift basket.We've always had very friendly service.
4	We were in dire need of Haribo.  I did a little research before we headed to Madison and was directed to Bavaria Sausage Kitchen.  Sausage and Haribo - yes please!  The shop is small, but well stocked.  Plenty of German and a few Dutch delights.  Due to the fact that they're a pretty small shop, their prices definitely reflect that.  Their prices were a bit on the high side and much of the stuff could be ordered much cheaper online.  HOWEVER, it's always nice to browse in person,  We walked out of there with about $50 in Haribo alone - so obviously, they had a very nice selection!  Tried some sausage as well, the deli sliced Alps salami was ok and their summer sausage very good.  They're closed on Sundays, otherwise, we might have stocked up on a variety of their sausages and other freezer items on our way home.  Overall, nice little place and I imagine we'll be back the next time we're in Madison!
5	HOW HAS NO ONE REVIEWED THIS PLACE YET?!?It's amazing! We need more places like this in America!My boyfriends parents wanted a gift card from here for Christmas, so we made a stop while we were in town yesterday.As mentioned previously, IT'S AMAZING.I'm a vegetarian, so the meat has no appeal to me, but they had a ton of sausages, sliced meats, and even fish! Their selection of cheese was also quite impressive. What really was cool to me was the massive amounts of chocolate and European bakery mixes! I had a hard time picking out what I wanted, until I saw a box full of chocolate with a picture of kittens on it, and it was called Katzenzungen! Its so fun just to say! Although, I looked it up on the internet and the chocolates are supposed to look like cat tongues...which is kinda weird but still super awesome at the same time!I will for sure stop in and visit Bavaria the next time I am in Madison!
4	Oh yeah! I stumbled across this on my way from Epic training in Vernon (near Madison) WI and am so lucky I did! Meats galore! Cheese galore! European snacks galore! I needed to get back to Chicago to turn in my rental car and risked getting charged an extra day just to get some more meat sticks.
5	A Great German Deli and Sausage HouseThis little store has everything you would ever need that is German, and Sausages galore!  They make their own german style sausages in house and they are some of the best sausages you will ever have.  The store is wooden, and looks quaint, and the selection is varied.  Inside they have a German style deli with cold cuts and fresh sausage, and in the corner, they have a freezer where you can buy boxes and boxes of sausages.  From Brats, to White Sausage, to Weiners, there is nothing they don't have.  German Candy is found in the corner, and dried meats on the other side of the store... pickles are on the wall and ginger bread treats in the aisle.  Service is good, and the staff is so friendly.
5	I like this store for its products and its knowledgeable staff.  I guess if I need smiles I'll go to a strip club, as long as you keep giving them money they'll keep smiling.
5	I lived in Madison for a couple years. Now that I have moved away, there are a couple things that I sincerely miss. Sausages from Bavaria Sausage Inc are some of those things. This place is amazing. It is outside the main part of the city, but it isn't too far away. Do yourself a favor and purchase some delicious tubular meats from these guys. The cheese is pretty tasty as well.
