4	First time in this restaurant.  It is next to Golds Gym on the n/e of Northsite and Raintree Dr.   It is similar to Chipotle but the pinto beans are better tasting, the chicken is all white meat.  The employees are very friendly and will take the time to chat with you.  They learn what you like if you are a regular and will just confirm that there aren't any changes.  Burritos, tacos and salads are the main items to choose from.  This is a very good spot to eat and enjoy the food.  The soft drinks are not watered down like most other places are now a days.Enjoy, I will.   Oh, they have a card that you buy 10 and the next purchase is free.
4	This Mexican food is very simple, slightly bland, but fairly fresh. The chicken is chopped up into tofu-looking squares. But I was satisfied with the food, which was fairly healthy Mexican food as Mexican food goes. The staff is quite polite. I met some cool people hanging out there while I sat outside.
1	This is the first time in my life--and I lived in Houston for 22 years with tons of Mexican foods eaten--that I have EVER seen a restaurant put tons of white rice in your burrito to make it go farther.  This place is in trouble if they are cheating the customers that way.  The meat was fresh (what there was of it) and the ingredients were fresh, but what a rip.I can find better all over.  Period.
1	First visit was last visit.  Tried it for dinner.  Nice setup outside with table and chairs, very pleasant.  One person working cash register and creating the food orders - not a great idea in my opinion.  The ingredients are all contained in a Subway-type bar and then assembled before you.  Problem is nothing was fresh tasting or very appealing in general.  Maybe it's different at lunchtime but I won't be back to find out.  When I need a burrito fix, I'm going to Chipotle.  The owners of Kokopelli need to do the same and they will soon understand  - it's the food, stupid.
5	Love this place! I used to go to their previous location on 20th st & camelback & am so glad they're open again. I prefer it to chipotle mainly b/c their meat is far superior. And I've never felt "cheated" by extra rice as another review said. If you don't like the amount of rice, just ask for less. Simple. Great employees too. Alex has always been fantastic!
5	It seems there's a big rush to be the next big "build a burrito" restaurant, like Chipotle, Qdoba, etc. They can keep their trendy B.S. because I've found the best of the best and it's just down the street from my work.Kokopelli Mexican Grill does everything fresh and healthy with plenty of options. They have tacos, taco salads, nachos, quesadillas, and of course burritos. Their meat, salsa, and carb choices are just as varied.8 out of 10 times I get my old standby which is the chicken burrito with a whole-wheat tortilla, black beans, rice, corn salsa, and a little cheese. This thing is huge too, folks. I often can only eat about half and will take the other half back to work with me for round two. They do however have a grande version of their burritos just in case your appetite needs to be conquered brutally.The other times I visit get split either by having a chicken quesadilla or a shrimp burrito. When I'm watching my spending I get the lunch special which is a chicken quesadilla, chips and a drink, but it is definitely a great point of variety, too, don't get me wrong.When money is a little more available, I'll treat myself to a shrimp burrito which I'll also add their tasty guacamole to. This thing is really fantastic and still healthy my friends!If I have one complaint it is their chips. They aren't bad mind you just boring. Even their great salsas and guacamole have a difficult time bringing joy to them. Because of this, I have not yet had their nachos. Maybe someday, but with all of the other choices, I'll happily abstain for now.
4	This is a locally owned Chipotle-style restaurant. If you like Chipotle you will probably like this mom-n-pop version. I'd rather support a locally owned restaurant than a chain anyway.
4	The food was great, i would highly recommend the carnitas burrito. I plan on going back and trying the taco salad.
5	Me and my boyfriend went here for lunch thought we would try something new, its very much like Chipotle but I would say way better, the food tasted so fresh, way fresher than Chipotle. Dont get me wrong im a big fan of Chipotle but this place was very mom and pa store, the employees very friendly,and there was not a huge line like at Chipotle. Overall I loved it :)
4	I found this place by accident, as it is tucked away in a strip mall with a very unassuming sign.  It has a very Chipotle like fell, with the whole "build your own" but oh so much better, which was shocking to me as well.  The ingredients are fresh, and you can really taste the difference.  They give you healthier options, which is always a nice change.  The guys who work there are ALWAYS so nice and friendly, it's hard not to go back for more.  The chicken, is by far my favorite but they have, shrimp, steak, carnitas, and a veggie option.  To make it even better, it is locally owned and operated!!
3	Kokopelli's has several things going for it, unfortunately the food isn't one of them.Pros:Next door to my gymA minute from workClean interiorExcellent staffFast serviceCons:The food!  The food is not bad in any way.  The ingredients are fresh and the menu boasts a decent variety.  Unfortunately I found that everything I've tried there is kind of bland. The salsa.  It just doesn't pack that much flavor, and on occasion tastes like cocktail sauce.  I'm not sure why.I've given them a shot, and will probably grab some food there again due to the convenience.  I just wish it had a little more pop to it.
4	I liked this place. Unfortunately it is closed now.
