5	My fingers are crossed that I am actually getting the first to review on my favorite clothing store of all times. I've been waiting and waiting for Zara to come to Scottsdale. Every time I went to SF, Chicago or any other major city with one I would beg them at the check out to come to Scottsdale. Finally they heard our cries and brought one! The store is a beauty too. It's two stories, perfectly organized, the staff is nice and the selection, oh the selection of clothes, accessories and shoes oh my! It's just my style, perfectly priced and full of the latest styles. Welcome to the neighborhood Zara. I am so so excited you're finally here. My wallet and husband might not be quite as pleased though!
4	I am giving them 4 stars because the made it happen. The phoenix area lack some style so having Zara at the Fashion Mall is a huge plus. Staff is very friendly and helpful. The only downside is that they have a very small section for men and this is why i was a bit disappointed.
1	Great clothes, but awful customer service.  I've been in this store twice and been completely ignored both times.  I appreciate some space when I shop, but not being treated as if I don't exist.  I was one of two people shopping today and no help, not even a hello as I looked 5 feet away from the two girls working the register.  I've been shopping at their Spanish stores since I lived in Granada in early 2000's, but I won't waste my time at this one again.
1	Terrible customer service ! Learn from your other stores  and Sweetheart you are an "employee " not the owner
2	Feels a bit sparse in selection in comparison to the one in Boston. Zaras are always such a hit or miss, and this one was definitely a miss. The selection seemed a bit "old" rather than trendy.
5	ZARA!! What can I say? I'm from NY and many of my favorite pieces are from this place. I'm so happy they decided to come to Scottsdale! Everything seems to fit perfectly, and their clothes are made to last. I came here a few days ago at the advice of my boss. She was raving about their current sale--and she was RIGHT. I couldn't believe how inexpensive everything was. The staff was extremely helpful and offered to take the clothes I was carrying to my dressing room several times. With two floors of magical fashion, it's no wonder I was there all afternoon.Overall, if you're a woman and you love clothes, go here. They have a mens section too.
4	MENS SECTIONThe clothes here are nice! They may be a little pricey but the fit is nice. Well, when I say pricey, it's still comparable to Express and all the other stores. But what I noticed is that the men's section has clothes that are slim fit. Very good for skinny Asian men.I noticed the designs are more complex and better than the usual American styles too. I guess that's what I see a lot of Asian people in this store. haha. There are jackets, dress pants, suits, casual wear, rock wear and lot of different things that go very well together.This is the closest I have seen to Asian style modern clothing in AZ in a long time. It's practically Korean style!WOMENS SECTIONEverything in the women's section was also very stylish.
4	Two levels of clothing!!!  Did I mention two levels?? Walking in the mall to cool off I saw the sign and immediately took off.  So many options so little time and the prices are all very very good.Most of the styles will appeal to the younger (ie. 20's and 30's) set but there is enough to chose from that even if you aren't in that bracket you can find something.  I fell in love with their full pleated skirts!  No breaking of the bank or melting of the plastic when you shop here...unless you want to.
1	Clothes are nice BUT customer service a complete ZERO! My friend &I walked around the whole 1st floor, passed the registers and asked for the manager and still NO one greeted us or anything. We made our way upstairs - nothing - I asked for the manager told her what happened and she replied w/ a "weak" I'm sorry then I replied by telling her this was my 1st time here and if I was going to spend money NOT!  My friend "raved" about Zara and I couldn't wait to go but after my experience and reading the other reviews here I think NOT. Just terrible customer service!
4	What you need to know about Zara.Zara is a Spanish brand.It has its Zara Basics, which are your tank tops (great tank tops), simple shirts, leggings, etc.TRF(Trefalue (sp?)) which is your trendier sideand the rest of Zara which is just Chic.I do not fit into their pants at all because i'm 5'4" and these are made for small hipped giants. But my favorite leggings are from ZARA. LOVE THAT IT IS IN ARIZONA! FINALLY!
1	Customer service terrible. Asked the manager and another worker there when they were standing chatting to help me look for a pr of jeans, they told me to go back upstairs and ask anyone working upstairs to help because this pair of jeans "should be upstairs" even though I told them I got it downstairs, I found the jeans and showed it t to them and asked for another size and they told me they didn't have anymore without checking the system or the back!  Clothes are made out of cheap materials, shrinks 1/3 of size in the wash(tag says to wash). Took a top back to store to return with receipt, manager didn't even look at me and said no, she won't take it back since my daughter cut off the long tag on the side. I told her the 2 or 3 inch tag that rubs on to your side you expect us to leave on? Even though the tag on the back of the collar was there, she refused to give us store credit then walked away because she was done. I will never go back to this store or buy another Zara item due to customer service and lack of quality of material.
1	Here's an unusual review for Zara. We've been going to Zara stores for years - up in Scandinavia, across Europe including Spain, last month in Singapore and Hong Kong, and so forth. I say it's a bit unusual because we've always "talked up" Zara with friends wherever we go, and now I'm posting a one-star review. It's almost like this Scottsdale Fashion Mall store is not related to the rest of the Zara universe -- that's how different it is. Not only in the selection of clothes (not as trendy, not as cool). But especially, I mean really dramatically, different in the level of customer service. You'll see other one and two star reviews on this site before mine that attest to the same thing. This is just a "Who gives a ***" operation. They literally could care less that they lost a customer with our family who must have previously spent $2,000 to $3,000 in their stores. And all this for a $41 return of a Christmas present. Know the store policies carefully before you buy. This is a slippery place, where salespeople, register clerks and "managers" know that their policies create frustration for customers, and they actually appear to take enjoyment out of causing you grief. Here's a case in point . . . My son (our biggest Zara advocate) lives in LA and he bought me a pair of Jeans in the Scottsdale store when he was home for the holiday. Just a few days before Christmas. Well, they didn't fit, so I took the present back untouched (all tags, etc) with my son's original receipt for a refund. Either cash for me or a refund to my son's card would have been fine. But -- when you buy at Zara, you can't just do something so seemingly normal. Instead, you have to have the actual card it was purchased on for the credit (it's a "theft thing" according to management). My wife left the store frustrated and I went back, after getting a text message photo of both the front and the back of his credit card (same last name, same bank and card as my own). I showed the picture of card and my original receipt to them as well, and all they will offer is a credit in their store. "No refunds for Christmas presents" blah blah.For a $41 sale, this company and their uncaring management loses a family that had been religiously touting them for years. Now I know why good retail sales managers are so important. You can't put a clerk into a manager's job and expect them to understand that sometimes you have to make exceptions. We'll never be back to Zara and I urge you to reconsider if you are thinking of going to the store yourself.
