3	I've been wanting to try Sardella'a for a while.  I always see their coupons in the mail but never been too interested to check them out.  After a sad departure of Carusotti's which was one of the better pizza joints in the area, and now that Lucky's isn't what it used to be, I decided to try Sardella's.I ordered pizza and wings.  The wings are available in your typical range of spiciness, however Sardella's fortunately has "Suicide", which is always a plus.I ordered the wings extra crispy, however they were not delivered extra crispy, rather just well done.  That was actually fine by me, as long as they were cooked enough so the skin doesn't taste rubbery.  The sauce was really good.  Sometimes "suicide" wings are just lacking in flavor but extremely hot - these were very spicy, but also had strong pepper flavors.    There were also visible flakes of red chilis present on the wings.  All in all I was very happy with the taste, and my head was definitely sweating enough to give me satisfaction.  The pizza was not bad, however it was rather average.  The hand-tossed crust tasted very similar to a Domino's style crust - somewhat spongey and neither very thick or thin.  The crust edges were rather large, and if you like having "breadsticks" with your pizza, this may have been a bonus for you, but for me, I like a less present crust edge.  As a plus, the ingredients were very good and tasted fresh.  Despite this though, the sauce was not too impressive or memorable.    All in all I thought they delivered a good pizza that would easily beat your typical pizza delivery, however nothing to rave about.
4	I can't get me enough of their wings. The pizza is pretty good but for me it's all about the wings. Wether it's honey BBQ or the buffalo style (in various temperatures), it's always a win with me. I started this review last week when I ordered some wings for delivery and not that I'm finishing it, I want to get some more. Mmmmmmm wings! :)
3	I would rather order from here than other places, even with the changes over the last year. Last year, I tried Sardellas for the first time and found it amazing! However, over the last year their pizzas have been greasier and their wings more soggy. I have now dropped Sardellas to a "back up plan" pizza night.
4	They have really tasty wings and i LOVE their pizza! Delivery is always fast and they have coupons regularly in the paper. We really go here for the Hot Wings but they are so addicting and delicious that we can't help it!
3	Sardella's is decent.  There's nothing about this pizzeria that stands out.  Everything about the place is decent.  The service, restaurant and food is all average.I don't recall what day I was there but they did have a good buy 1 get 1 deal that left me with multiple meals.  Don't expect to have your socks knocked off but if you're in the area and in the mood for pie Sardella's will do the trick.
4	The wings were excellent. I had the gourmet works pizza. I wasn't too thrilled with it, but it wasn't nasty. The service was great. And the place is clean. I would go back here!
5	A new York thin with pepperonis and onions and I'm in heaven. Add some wing an I'm over the top. The delivery is super fast too.
3	The service and food were decent, but it had a divey appearance.
1	Horrible placed an order said they couldn't find the address then said they were at the address knocking and ringing the doorbell none of which was true.  When talked on the phone they said they knew where it was they deliver on the street all the time not a difficult address or a hard one to find
1	These pizzas used to be really good.  Great sauce and a nice thin crust.  Now the sauce has no taste and the crust is thick and doughy.  Can't tell the difference between the box and the pizza.  Pass on this one Wal Mart has a better pizza in the frozen aisle.
2	We have had the pizza before and didn't eat most of it which is why I called and asked about a special for the wings, which are awesome! The female employee had major attitude issues (AKA bitchyness)  and the Manager lost his patience after the first few sentences. The conversation went...Sardella's  special, Large cheese 16 inch pizza and 40 wings for 29.99. The wings alone are 28.00 even. I call and ask for the special but instead of a large I want a medium, I don't want to waste it because we cant eat a large and the pizza is just meh.They tell me they cant do it.... I ask why not and state that they would have to use less ingredients and less effort to make a smaller pizza for the same price therefore making more money on their end.... They say well we cant change the special... I say but I'm not asking for something ridiculous... I just WANT LESS PIZZA FOR THE SAME PRICE. Again they say they  cant change the special. I ask them to make a small exception by shrinking the size of pizza they would have to make. They reply with "well if I make exceptions for you I would have to make exceptions for other people but I can give you a medium for 5 dollars more..." I decline and state I will be paying more to make a smaller pizza which is counterproductive to having a special. They get irritated and I fear they will spit in my food... I gave up... GOTTA LOVE EDUMICATED PEOPLE!!!   Or is there something I am not understanding in the pizza industry ???
1	We ordered 3 pizzas and one of them was so undercooked that it was inedible.  The mushrooms were canned and there was no flavor. The manager first hung up on me when I called and when I called back he had a major attitude problem and took no responsibility for the lack of quality control from his employees.  This place was a waste of money, do not waste your time, appetite, or money here. We will never order from here again.
5	I used to eat here a lot when I taught up this way.  I went to it awhile back, and the food is still wonderful.  I love family owned pizza places.  It always seems the food is a hair above the chains.  The people that work there are friendly and laid-back and you feel welcome.
2	My husband and I stopped in 30 minutes before close  one evening. We ordered a large veggie pie with 1/2 side add sausage. The motz was minimal and mediocre. The sausage tasted like pre-packaged crumbles. The mushrooms were artificial and straight out of a slimy can. The crust was under cooked and forgettable. The only ingredient that was worth a darn was the sauce.  I've baked far superior pies in my own oven and they came from a freezer.
2	Got the works pizza on a Monday to try the place out for half price.  We really wanted to like it, but the pizza is truly lacking, toppings were not even or abundant.  It would be hard to pay $19(full price) for a pie that weak.  Needless to say we'll try the place again.
4	The Sicilian crust is the best I've had West of Ohio. Just amazing. They offered a GF option which was also nice. Toppings skimpy so that's why I didn't give this 5 stars. Service quite pleasant. Suggestion to owner: would love fresh mushrooms vs canned.
2	Ordered pizza and wings from the store at 32nd Street and Greenway.Positives: Order was delivered quickly and driver was awesome. Food was hot. Wings were outstanding.Negatives: Pizza was NOT what was ordered!I ordered a medium pepperoni with EXTRA SAUCE and EXTRA CHEESE.What I got was a medium pepperoni with NO SAUCE and REGULAR CHEESE!Why did I get charged for extra when I didn't get it, and NO SAUCE! I MEAN NONE AT ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Very disappointed in the pizza.
1	Ordered a pizza and their pizza fries for pick up tonight. Ordered pizza at 7:12pm. Email says it takes about 20 mins. Get there about 7:40ish. The girl says we're just waiting on the fries. Oook. Fast forward 20 mins after seeing people come and go. I ask where our order is at. She says matter of factly: "I gave your order of fries to the wrong order and he's remaking them now." Not an apology nor did they think to tell me this. Now I'm irritated. Fast forward ANOTHER 15 MINUTES...HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE TO MAKE FRIES?? The manager (believe or not) calls my name finally. I asked why did this take so long, it has been well over an hour after I ordered.  Mumbled something about the fries, again no apology. I asked him has our pizza been sitting there this whole time then, getting cold?? He said "well it should still be FAIRLY warm but I can make another one for you" -_-. After waiting so long I didnt want to wait another hour for warm pizza...and so that my fries would get cold anyway. On top of all that I paid for ranch...of course they didn't give it to us and I had to ask for them. Got home, pizza was stone cold. Never again Sardellas!!
5	Just ate here for the first time...I wanted to check out their half price pizza deal on Mondays.  I thought the pizza was great!  Great flavor and perfect thickness on the crust.  I will definitely be back!
5	I'm a total pizza snob. I've had a hard time finding great pizza here in the valley and Sardella's is now my go-to pizza joint.   :DYou can tell by the food and the service that this place is a family owned small chain and not a big commercial business. There are plenty of toppings on every pizza. When I eat at large chain places I often feel like I got ripped off because the toppings are so skimpy. I've seen other reviews saying the opposite but I have been impressed every single time about my toppings. Well...almost every time...Once I ordered a pepperoni pizza with half sausage. It was delivered and when I opened it, there was 1/2 pepperoni and 1/2 sausage. It was a good amount of sausage, but it was supposed to be sausage and pepperoni on that half. I was disappointed bc this was the first time I've had an order messed up with Sardella's. I called and was passed on to a manager. He was great, and more than resolved my issue. When I find a place with amazing management as well as great food, I'm thrilled. Sardella's fits the bill!  Only thing I dislike is picking up pizza there. The kids who work the counter are sometimes...socially awkward. It's also located between a liquor store and a creepy dive bar. There are lots of...I dunno...creepy looking dudes hanging out in front of the building smoking and such. I just get delivery most the time to avoid this. It's worth the extra money to me.
