4	Big fan.  Great prices. Produce isn't always the best - but I don't shop here for the produce.  The workers are SO nice.  They are always pointing out things that are being marked down and giving me coupons.  They seem happy with their jobs.  Prices on Fresh & Easy brands or brands that only Fresh & Easy carry are incredibly good - lite coconut milk for $1.09? yes please.I've tried several of their pre-marinated meat selections - buffalo wings and a whole chicken with lemon and herbs. Both were top notch.
5	This is my favorite market. The store is clean, the food is fresh and the people are very friendly.
4	I love Fresh & Easy. Their prices (on almost everything except produce) are cheaper than the other grocery stores in the area, and the store is smaller, less stressful, and easier to navigate. I actually find myself hating "normal" grocery stores since I started shopping here. Their store-brand products and ready-made meals are delicious, and the store-brand is always cheaper than the name-brands and doesn't contain some of the nasty chemicals that other brands do. My only complaint is that the quality of the customer service tends to fluctuate a lot. Sometimes, the employees are great about helping you bag your groceries. Other times, they're nowhere to be found. I guess that's the price you pay with self-checkouts. Regardless, I'll shop here for many years to come.
5	As a single person I find Fresh & Easy the ideal market for me.   My first stop is always the discount bin to plan my nightly, or next few nights, dinner.   My favorite time to shop is Saturday and Sunday mornings since the discount bin have more meat in it and I can bring it home immediately vacuum pack and store for later use.  The Italian bread is to die for.  YUM.  Love the addition of the in house bakery. I routinely buy the F&E frozen entrees ($1.99) to bring to work.  (think lean cuisine) Great cheese selection as well at better prices then Fry's or Safeway.The dog food I buy for my dogs (not a big selection but they carry what I feed them) is $2 cheaper then Fry's and Safeway and to top it off the dog treats are all natural and a great price. Yes the store may be small but keep in mind just about all you need is in the store.  I think I venture to Fry's about every 6 weeks to replenish the Blueberry Pop Tarts I keep at work for a quick snack.  F&E has Pop Tarts and cheaper then Fry's but not my favorite Blueberry flavor.
3	My quick summary:  Great food, good prices, but lacking in service.I love the F&E brand.  My fiance & I have been shopping with them for a couple years now.  We recently moved close to this location, and find it lacking compared to their other stores.The food is great.  It's always fresh & the F&E brand doesn't use any additives or preservatives.  So not only are you eating well, but you're eating well for a great price.  The food isn't expensive, which is hard to find for more organic foods.  And their friends program makes even better.  They give you money back, you can load coupons directly onto your friends card, and they send you coupons every week.However, this location's customer service is lacking, especially at check out.  It drives us crazy, because even if there's no one else checking out, they hardly ever offer to help with that.  They have offered a total of two time.  And both time we'd pretty much finished bagging already, so thanks, but no thanks.  Other stores have employees that jump right in & start helping before you've scanned three items, intead of towards the end of a basket full of groceries.  If they could focus more on this, the experience would be a thousand times better.My only other complaint is the gluten free section.  It's a bit lacking.  I love to make baked goods from scratch, and they do not carry enough gluten free flour options for one-stop shopping.  Considering their brand is really focused on healthy options, etc, I find it a bit surprising that they do not offer more options.  Their website does list all their gluten free food, but it's hard to bake from scratch when you have no tapioca flour or millet flour, etc.
4	Used to come here all the time to get groceries. I love their 99cent packs, but have a hard time finding a huge selection of vegetarian brands (easy frozen meals and such). Safeway offers more of the frozen foods I need, but for the days I want to spend in the kitche, "Freezy" is the best.
4	Came here for a quick stop yesterday on my way home from lunch.It is always good to shop for food after you have eaten because, you are not as likely to buy things you do not want or need.I managed to get out or here for less than $20.00, very good for me you know.Of course we all really like Fresh and esy around here.It is quick and easy and I am sorry they are going out of bussiness. I always find something here that I like and want.My girlfriend likes all the British food they have to offer.I myself am not too crazy about it,but since she grew up on that stuff she loves it!She says it is one of the best places to buy it(here at F & E).Great vegetables and fruit, good prices. Quick and Easy. What more could you ask for. Parking is a breeze as well.
5	I love F&E. they have really good fresh food for reasonable prices. Today I ran in and picked up some hummus, garlic naan and a few other items.I like that you check yourself out, but there is always someone their in case you need help.
3	I used to come to this store at least every other week so it saddens me to write that the prices have changed recently. Sadly, after the company was sold, the prices have systematically gone up for everything that I used to buy there. Also notably missing are the $5 off coupons and mobile app coupons. While I prefer a couple of their house brand items over Sprouts and Trader Joe's, the prices have gone up enough to make me drive by and shop elsewhere. I may still stop if I'm in the area since their clearance section usually has some good buys, but that will be the extent of my shopping. If your budget is not a concern then I recommend their house brand nuts, crackers, pasta, yogurt, meat, and bread. The employees at this location are also very friendly and helpful.
4	Fresh & Easy, Trader Joe's & Sprouts are my favorite specialty food stores.  What I can't find at Trader's, I can typically find at F&E.  I find F&E is typically more conveniently located throughout the valley too.  I would also say F&E's prices are pretty comparable to Trader Joe's.
2	I stopped shopping at Fresh & Easy earlier this year after the change in ownership of the company. They got rid of the $5, $10, etc coupons and increased all of their prices. The only coupons they send out now are for things you don't actually buy-- I get that they're trying to get you to try new things, but I want coupons for things I actually need. The entire emphasis of the store has shifted toward being about ready-made and to-go meals.
5	Just moved to area. Been by Saturday night and last night to pick up fast easy meals. I've been a shopper at fresh n easy for awhile in Scottsdale. The lady working at this location is so nice. She remembered me and is just a great persona. Wish I remembered to get her name to give her props!
4	When I'm in a rush and I don't have too much time, I pop in here. They have the basics and the prices are reasonable. The store is always clean and I haven't had a staff member be rude. They are always helpful if you have any questions. Lines aren't long or I've just been really lucky!
