3	I came here when I was 16 looking for information to figure out this whole... gay... thing... with the different groups that they have and activities that they run... they do great things for the community. Wow, I think that I am on my gayest run of Yelp reviews... ever...
3	What can I say about this place without sounding too catty? Well, it's in a horrible neighborhood, in a sort of run down building. The staff are really nice, and the services it provides for the gay and lesbian community are pretty good. I'm pretty sure this place is non-profit, or they'd likely be in the better location, rather than in a neighborhood where you're quite likely to be shot. They have a lot of support group facilities and such as well, and do a lot of stuff to help the community. Occasionally they do and say some things that I don't agree with publicly, like moving the Prop 8 protests to their building rather than having it be a unified thing at City Halls across America like it was supposed to be, but overall the good outweighs the bad.
5	This is the best, best, best LGBTQ center ever! Come here and meet the wonderful folks and tour the beautiful facilities. Even if you do not identify as LGBTQ, you can get STD tested for free here. Do it!
5	The Center recently moved from a tiny, sort of run-down location to a brand-new, absolutely beautiful building. With the move, The Center is still providing their appreciated services to the community, and can now expand to offer even more.At The Center, anyone can get STD testing for free, no matter your sexuality. The process is fast with short wait times, and everyone is incredibly professional and nice. They can even draw blood without hurting you or making you cry, as I'm afraid of needles - mega perk. It's hard to beat staying safe for zero cost out of pocket.On the other side of things, The Center offers free computer use and internet access, and now has a growing library that people can use for free. They offer support meetings, throw fun fundraising events, and specifically make sure kids and teens have a private, "just them" space to call their own. I also hear they have a bomb cafe for lunch.The Center is doing great work for the Vegas community. Get tested!
5	I love The Center! I've been coming here lately to read and write in piece and this place is perfect. Other than school libraries and such, there aren't too many places in town where you can go to read in silence. There is another place Downtown that bills itself as a place to work, but I find it too noisy and distracting. On all of my visits to The Center it's been pretty quiet. Not dead, mind you, there were some families and groups hanging out. It's just more laid back.As an added bonus, they let you use their computers for free, they have a ton of books to check out and they have the Bronze Cafe that is fantastic.
5	This place is great. I love everything about it. Everyone is so friendly. I really like the design of the bathrooms. Unisex with individual rooms for each. There's a lot of space for what looks like a small place, pretty good sized parking lot. I've heard the cafe is a little pricey but really good. Can't wait to check it out.
5	This place is fabulous. Located in Downtown Las Vegas conveniently on Maryland Parkway and Clark. (Right near LVA too! Loved my high school but where was this when I was a student?!) Huge sign that says "The Center" on it. Can't miss it. Ample parking lot.My friend and I came here for awesome Bronze Cafe located inside. Still a relatively new transplant to the area. Perfect location for downtown. The Center's lobby has a large, open college quad-like feel to it with modern minimalist couches and a few tables to sit at for the cafe. They have a row of computers for anyone to use (Max: 2 hours and possibly less if there's a line). Never super crowded for when I go.  We had no idea the Center offered so many great services. Check out their hundred flyers for all these events in the lobby. There's 12-step programs and support groups for sexually-active addicts. The Center also hosts narcotics anonymous, alcoholics anonymous, and other substance support groups.  I've heard that they have an amazing support group for gay, transgender, and bi people where they have weekly events and movie nights. They also offer yoga classes, health awareness festivals for the public, and free open discussion meetings.  TESTING: Best part about the Center? FREE STD testing to the public conducted by Southern Nevada Health District (SNHD). Located to the right side of the building past the small basketball court. You will need to provide your ID. Minimal paperwork involved about your health history and personal details. Zero wait time when I went on a Friday.Waiting room is clean, small, and has a bunch of pamphlets on various STDs. There aren't creepy water stains anywhere. The bathroom and the doctor's office was super clean and not some gross, scary facility you'd imagine free clinics to be.There's also free condoms and lube on the tables.PROCEDURE: The nurse asked me a few necessary personal questions without making me feel judged. He answered all of my questions patiently. Only takes a simple blood and urine test. They offer water too if you didn't come prepared. I'm seriously scared of needles so the blood test made me feel a little more than anxious. Know what a shot feels like? Yeah? I didn't feel a thing. Boom. Beat that. I was in and out in fifteen minutes.It takes two weeks for your results to come in and you call in to find out over the phone. They do the rapid HIV testing on Tuesdays and Thursdays where you find out in 20 minutes. For the other STDs you still have to wait 2 weeks regardless. Be safe and get tested!It may seem intimidating, but it really wasn't. My nerves were on fire at first!NOTE: if you do end up being positive on your tests, they offer the FREE treatment here at the clinic. How awesome is that? Pretty awesome services for FREE at this wonderful community center. It's not just strictly LGBTQ-centric. Feels like a judge-free zone. Vegas needs more places like this!
