1	Actually run by Aramark, this Starbucks is part of the Taylor Place shops of the downtown campur of ASU. Staffed by students, service is typically friendly, if a bit slow. The real problem is they must be even more lackadaisical about cleaning the place. The coffee fixins station is always covered in crumbs and spills, the refrigerated foods cooler is scantily-stocked, and what's left is withered up and stale, and the bathroom is just downright nasty.I shudder to think of the condition of the food and drink prep area.
4	Wanna feel old? If so, this is theee Starbucks for you. It's manned and mostly filled with ASU students. That aside, it's your standard Starbucks with the same service you're accustom to.
3	Very friendly employees and whenever they make a mistake they will just give you the other drink for free. Great if you need coffee in a hurry.
4	I like this Starbucks since parking (which rarely ever full) is located just 20 feet from the front door. I've been lucky enough to experience their server fail a couple times and walked out with free drinks. If it's not for the large framed, frumpy, unfriendliest dark male Barista who works afternoons, I might give this spot 5 stars. He makes going there unwelcoming.
1	This is the worst Starbucks of all time. Drinks are always bad -- or completely wrong. Slow service. Disgusting bathrooms. Annoying baristas. I only go here if I'm desperate for caffeine, in a rush, and don't have time to walk to Royal...
1	Worst coffee drink I have ever had and it only cost my $4.65.I absolutely hate giving one star reviews, but this place needs to figure out how to make their signature coffee drinks instead of handing out a cup of milk with ice. The service was friendly, but the entire time I was there I couldn't help but feel a little out of place due to all the freshman year ASU students sporting their Victoria's Secret PINK gear. The line was long, but they were staffed appropriately so the wait time was minimal.I knew I should have gone to Cartel, I need to stick to my gut!One star for friendly, inadequate service.
2	Man, Starbucks, way to completely butcher my requested pumpkin spice latte.  The pumpkin powder was still floating around the edges of the cup and it tasted awful too.  I've had this drink at many Starbucks and this is the only place that messed it up.  I'm no longer surprised at the low reviews!
3	Just another day in a Starbucks coffee shop. Place is nice and comfy. The baristas were friendly too. As for the coffee I got here, it taste just fine for me. Everything was just fine here. Nothing to expect around that could excite me.
