5	My son has been going to this school since Septemeber of 2012 and can I just say the staff and school is amazing! He had never been to any type of daycare or schooling (he is now 2.5) and the staff made the transition wonderful! He has learned so much, every day I feel like he comes home with new knowledge! And beyond the knowledge he has gained, he is so loved by the staff at the school! Highly recommend this school!
1	This past monday we did a tour with the school director Tracy Lopez. We like that the school was small and my wife and I decided to take our son there. The next day on tuesday, I called and spoke to Tracy over the phone letting her know that we picked the preschool at seven hills and have a pre-admission physical exam (that's required) with our pediatrician the next day (weds). I also told her we would be stopping by right after to turn in our forms and officially register him. I asked her since I would be turning it in on wednesday that should meet the deadline of having him enrolled and start by monday which is the new school year. Tracy said everything sounds good and will see us wednesday.On wednesday, we see our pediatrician as follows and everything checked out. We then stopped at the preschool at seven hills and spoke to the office manager Iris. Iris said that Tracy was not available as she is out and running errands. Iris told me she spoke to Tracy yesterday and unfortunately there will not be any space open until mid september because the class is filled and they are trying to find another teacher. I explained to Iris I just spoke to Tracy yesterday and she told me everything would check out. Iris stated she heard different and would check with Tracy as soon as she returned. ALL THE EXCITEMENT OF FINDING A SCHOOL FOR MY 1ST BORN JUST WENT AWAY!!!. I asked Iris if there was a way we can get a hold of her right now as I want an answer and she stated there was no way of getting a hold of her. I waited for approximatley 2 hours before I called the preschool at seven hills again and spoke to Iris on the phone. Iris said that Tracy has not returned.I called another hour later (mind you its been 3 hours since she was running "errands"). Iris again stated Tracy has not returned but that she emailed Tracy regarding my message. Iris stated Tracy normally checks her email on the phone but for some reason does not know why she is not replying. IF TRACY CAN RECEIVE EMAIL, HOW IN THE WORLD CAN SHE NOT ANSWER A PHONE. Iris told me again she would not call Tracy. Its been several days, already signed up with Henderson Christian Academy, and can't be more excited. (I STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED A CALL FROM THE PRESCHOOL AT SEVEN HILLS). Not only is Henderson Christian Academy a better cirriculum, the staff was a lot more polite and professional. My only regret was not finding Henderson Christian Academy first. I have never dealt with such poor professionalism in my life. From the director never calling back, to the office manager not going out of their way to help, we felt they DILIBERATELY ignored us. Whether its us looking young or maybe being Asian, I don't know why they didn't want us at the school. Well, the Lord was definitely looking out for us and we are so glad we DID NOT sign up with the school. To anyone and everyone who reads this message, this was the worst experience I had and I would never recommend this place to anyone. Note to the owner of the preschool at seven hills. If I were you, look for new staff (not teachers). I was ready to spend over $10,000 + a year and this was the customer service I received??? That is shameful.
5	If you're looking for an extended family to care for your little ones while you're away, this is the place. My oldest daughter went here for 3 years and my youngest is going on her second year. They treat all of the kids like their own-so much love! This isn't just a drop your kids off and let them play all day type of facility either. There is a structured curriculum and I credit this for my now first grader testing at a second grade level. All of the teachers and staff, including the director Tracy Lopez, bend over backwards to make the kids, and the parents, feel right at home. Additionally, it is refreshing to see, week in and week out, that the toys are ACTUALLY sanitized.  Both of my daughters had usual fall time viruses but never out of control like I've heard from so many other parents who have their kids in daycare.Finally, the class sizes are small and the tuition is more than reasonable. You really won't find a better bang for your buck and would recommend the Preschool at Seven Hills to anyone and everyone.
