2	Occupying the space that was formerly Boston's, I'm going to predict that Wild Bull suffers a similar fate, sooner than later.  It is, for all intents and purposes nearly identical to what Boston's was - even the menu is eerily similar. The place is still huge, an still very empty at most times. I've stopped by for drinks, lunch, and dinner on both weeknights and weekends and have never seen it more than 15-30% full. Lots of televisions and seating.Service has been consistently unimpressive. Lackluster and "cold."  Bartenders trudge around as if they'd rather be having a tooth removed than to pour a drink. Happy hour specials make the unfriendly service slightly tolerable, but given how "remote" and empty this place is, I'd rather socialize elsewhere.Food was equally unimpressive. Nothing exciting or even tasty. Standard mediocre chain food fare; served a little chilly, and a little less fresh than I'd expect. Although, I'm guessing food isn't flying out of the kitchen so freshness probably suffers while inventory sits and ages.On every visit, the wifi hasn't worked - on this last visit, I couldn't even find a wifi signal, even though they promote it on the door when you walk in.  And speaking of this last visit, I'm writing this at 5pm on Tuesday while watching the Packers Lambeau SuperBowl homecoming, and there are exactly 9 patrons here.  The bartender took 5+ minutes to get to us for beers, and when I pointed out that he gave me too much money back for change from my $10, he shrugged and sluffed away. I could've made $10 by keeping the extra change, and instead I get a "hmm."Wild Bull = FAILService = 1.75 starsFood = 1.75 starsValue = 2.0 stars Misc = 2.5 stars (big, lots of tvs, no crowd)No real upside to this place. I'm sad to see it suffer.
3	Overall the food is alright but its normal to high prices. Expect $10-$15 per meal with a drink. Waitresses are a bit overbearing as they constantly ask if things are OK. It might just be the new restaurant ownership but they need to back up a bit.  Overall a decent place for normal american style food.
4	i didn't think any of the reviews here summed up my experience.  i thought the food was great and the setting fun.  service was prompt and attentive.  i will definitely be making another visit!
2	Mediocre service was the best part of eating at this sports themed retread. The only reason to come here is if every other restaurant in the area is closed.
1	My sister and I wanted to have a chill night in the hotel we're staying at so we opted to have wings for dinner. Wild Bull All American whatever whatever was literally 20 feet away from our hotel so we got some wings to go.The place wasn't too busy from what I saw...seemed like a decent dinner rush. We had to order at the bar if we wanted to do take-out and there was one girl manning the bar by herself. She was really nice but I could tell she was stressed because she was "training." She took my sisters order as well as mine:Sister: 5 wings - medium Me: 10 wings - 5 hot 5 sweet BBQ (save for later), half order of fries to share.We waited at least 15-20 minutes for our order...OK, fine.We finally got it and walked back to our hotel. We waited about 20 minutes to start eating so we can sit down and watch TV while we eat; I open our brown bag and find that I don't have the right wings, and my fries are a full order instead of half.Sister: 5 wings - LEMON PEPPER?Me: 10 wings - 5 hot and 5 GARLIC PARMESAN? + FULL ORDER OF FRIES.My sister tried calling the restaurant twice to complain but they didn't answer. The food was mediocre...nothing special whatsoever but it did it's job...even though I don't like Garlic Parmesan. Won't ever go here again.
5	Took the family for a weekend lunch and had a very enjoyable meal. The service was attentive and polite and helpful - described all the specials before we ordered - never let our glasses get empty even after we paid the check. The sports bar motif was toned down by a soft comfortable decor and the TVs (while every 10 feet) were just loud enough to follow the commentary, but did not interfere with conversation. Food was good and plentiful. My son had an amazing build-your-own burger deal - put whatever you want on it (he had fried egg and bacon) for only 6.99 and that includes a large helping of tasty crinkle fries. My wife had an excellent wrap and I had chicken tenders (their version of boneless wings) which were larger than expected and perfectly coated in BBQ sauce (not dripping, but fully covered). Kids menu, while a bit short, was well priced at 3.99 and included drink and plenty of food. I'm looking forward to trying the pizza next time.
1	Surprise! This place just closed its doors for good. Shocking.
1	Closed.
