4	The sienna golf course is a combination of straight fairway golf and target golf. It is located in the far western end of Las Vegas along with it's "sister" course - The Arroyo at Red Rocks Country Club.The course is beautiful and very challenging. Often intimidating looking, until you fly your ball over the nmassive set of sand traps in the middle of the fairways.There are walls of sand traps on numbers 1,6,8,11 and 12 ..... whew ...The scenery throughout this course makes it a treat to play.The greenery of the course blends in with the desert areas.When you are finished, there is an excellent Bistro located on the course.The bistro serves breakfast lunch and dinner.Selections include nachos, pizza, meatball subs, firecracker shrimp to grilled atlantic salmon and seared peppered Ahi Tuna .My choice is the Italian Panini sandwich with meats and cheeses served on ciabatta bread.Try to play this course on a nice day in the summer when the rates are about $90 - $100 cheaper than their prime season rates.A great place to play.It has all the challenge you will want.Be prepared for some great drinks on the 19th hole ...
4	This course is a delight to play.  The turf is in fantastic shape.  The design of the course is awesome.  There are quite a few holes that make you think the track is going to be pretty easy and then; bam! You are reaminded that there are some dangers throughout.  There are several deceptive shots, and difficult sight lines to contend with.  Worst of all for my game, they have amazing beverage cart staff.  These carts bring the pain, or at least the pain killers! They are usually outfitted  with enough mini bottles to take down a rhino, and the staff is adequately trained and uniquely prepared to dispense this gear in the politest of fashions.All in all Siena is a great golf and booze and food experience.  Truly a great way to spend a day in Vegas....or several!!
1	Played few times in this golf course and this time I did not like the front people ( cashier) . I went inside and pay my tee time and no smile and rude. We went out and practice and time for tee off they have a big group in front of us. I called the club house and they told me that there was a delayed this morning because of frost and he hanged up. Called him back again told him that Im from here and there is no frost this morning. It was over 40 degrees this morning but he keeps on lying telling me that there was a frost in this morning. Just tell me the truth that you over book arse hole.
1	This course use to be in great condition and pretty good time management. But now the course is in horrible condition,  all brown and muddy with very little green stuff on the fairways and the sand traps all 98 of them are like hitting off the rocks. The time management of this course is slower than average, four hours and forty minutes for a round is to long and when confronting the ranger and management they just say " there are no gaps in play", well you need more than 8 minutes between groups, when you pull up on the first tee and there is a group on the box, in the fairway and on the green something is wrong with the way they do business.  All they want is your is your money and don't care about the people playing, I for one along with the group I play with with will not play this course again until management changes their view that every player is a cash cow, there are to many other courses around Vegas that give you a better experience for your dollar, I advise you to skip this course and go somewhere else.
4	Play here at least twice a month. Always a pleasure.  Jessica the cart girl is our out and out favorite . Driving range is grass , way better than playing off the matts. The course is well designed and challanging but not to much. The golf pros are enthusiastic. I'd go 5 out of five but you can find better however for the $ of $45 a round during summer hours it's True Value .
3	Nice course and good range on grass.... BE CAREFUL of $189 for Siena Golf Club 2014 VIP pass offered on Groupon. It's really a promo for 10 group lessons and a golf club. Only incl. 3 rounds and have to pay $25/rd cart fee. The phone # listed (888-551-0612) does not take you to the course, but another company, probably the promotion company that's using the club.
