1	If I could, I would give this place NO STARS. To start off I have been taking my grandmother there for the past couple weeks, and every time we go it is just the worst customer service I've ever had in my life!Dr. Shin is the worst of them all! She is NO help for anything and is so rude. I never talk to her because I hate her attitude and the way she treats my grandmother. My grandmother always tells her she needs to be transferred to an eye doctor that's closer to us, but Dr. Shin always says she needs us to come back in a couple weeks. But for what? nothing but the same information we heard last time. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND!Also be prepared to wait a minimum of 2 hours before anybody even calls you into the office, where they make you wait another hour for the DR.
1	I WOULDN'T EVEN GIVE IT ONE STAR!!!Terrible place. Relying on computers to offer reminders for appointments. Making appointments without telling the person the day. You should be ASHAMED of yourselves sending a six year old a bill for $50.I made this appointment in AUGuST, things happen and I forgot. It happens to everyone. IF you would have CALLED and reminded me like every other doctor I have ever seen in my 35 years I would have been there. According to their 'system' they sent me a text message. lol That is HILARIOUS! Who does business that way?? Believe me I will inform everyone through social media about this, and contact the better business bureau. Sending a 6 year old a bill is just terrible.  I have never in my whole life dealt with more rude people. Everyone I spoke too had a terrible attitude. Every doctor I have ever been to in my life have always CALLED me on the phone to remind me. Mind you while I was pregnant with my twins I was seeing 5 different doctors at the same time and STILL I always got a call. DO NOT GO HERE, THEY JUST DON'T CARE AS MUCH AS THEY SHOULD.
4	We have been going to this office and seeing Dr. Shin for my daughter's lazy eye for almost a year, maybe six appointments. The office staff is always kind and helpful, Dr. Shin is always patient with my daughter and fully explains all of our treatment options to us both. She has made more progress on my daughters condition in 6 months than our previous doctor made in 18.I also enjoy the reminder texts! I never miss an appointment (and I'm pretty forgetful!)
1	The doctor is nice but the wait time here is RIDICULOUS.   You will be here for two hours without any dilation of eyes.  How do they stay in business? ?? Never again! !! Finding another eye doctor.
1	I wish I could give no stars. So unfortunate. We are currently still waiting to see the Dr. & have been here for over 3 HOURS!!!! According to the front desk & the other reviews this is normal. Save yourself the frustration & time, go elsewhere.
