4	This funky little eatery in the South End has grown quite a bit (not in size, but in appeal) over the last few years.  What started as not much more than a rather ugly yellow cinder block building on an oddly-shaped lot is now that and more - they've added some landscaping, a paved lot instead of the gravel parking and a nice outdoor eating area too.  Inside the food is the same great, simple combinations you're used to getting.The cramped quarters also haven't changed much, but that's just part of the appeal.  As strange as it may sound, the sheer volume that moves through this place makes it possible to place your order and get a table by the time the order is ready - provided everyone cooperates and doesn't hog their table out of their place in line.  When you're done, get up and let someone else have the table, and everything keeps moving as it should.Table tops still contain business cards from around town, and there is plenty of artwork to see as well, and the atmosphere is worth coming for, but it's the food that should keep you coming back.  While the burrito is the namesake of the place, make sure you try the quesadilla too.  They are excellent.
4	Yummm!!!  This is the best place in town to go for burritos as big as your face.  The food here is pretty basic, so don't expect any crazy combinations, but the veggie burrito is the best in town (fresh sauteed portabellos, zucchini, onions, and peppers) and the quesadillas are awesome.  Very busy during lunch, but it usually isn't too difficult to get a seat.
4	I work within walking distance, and those fish tacos call my name every day around lunch time.  My coworker's say the rest of the menu is awesome, too but I have always stuck to the fish tacos and burritos because they are so good.  One thing to note is that the indoor seating is limited so there is sort of an unspoken rule about not lingering too long after you finish your food if there is a crowd waiting to sit down.
3	The beef burrito was okay.  The portion was great (really big).  I didn't really like the beef, it's more of the braised cheaper beef.  I would go back; but, I think I will try something else.
5	This place has good food, no ifs ands or buts about it.  It's simple, not ellegant but the atmosphere is not lacking in flavor.
5	Very bohemian with awesome mexican food!!!  Burritos, tacos, whatever...it's definitely the best in town and worth the struggle for both a parking spot and a seat.  Their salsa bar is a huge win for me...love the tangy green chilli.  I've been a loyal follower for about six years now and can honestly say, this is the place is where I take anyone new or visiting Charlotte every time.
5	I've been a big fan of phat burrito since i moved here about four years ago.  the first thing i'll say is don't let the outside scare you. the funky paint and the bars on the windows are from when the southend was more run down.     the second would be to try the bbq chicken tacos.  i know it sounds strange, but they are very addictive. i used to call in just to make sure they had enough as they make it fresh and once they're out, they're out.  i've never really been there when the place was packed. so, the atmosphere is very laid back and if you have a business card, feel free to slide one under the glass on their tables. this place is great when checking out the shops and galleries of the south end. so, give it a try and have a few tacos on their patio.
5	Best burritos I've found in Charlotte.   Great service and staff.  Try the fish taco.
2	Searching for decent Mexican food in Charlotte is like looking for Big Foot.  Just when you think you spotted him, he disappears.  Phat's is a burrito "get it and go" type place.  Not an authentic Mexican restaurant.  I'll get the major downer out of the way first, their chips and guacamole is pretty disappointing.  I've had better chips from Tostitos.  As a matter of fact, I think they were tricolor Tostitos.  The burritos are fair.  Not good or great - fair.  They "almost" have a dining room but that's beside the point.  If the food warranted it, I would come here every week.  It's a decent neighborhood spot that I will probably try again if I'm in the area but there's absolutely no reason to go out of my way to trek here on a regular basis.  I really don't understand five stars for a mediocre burrito and brown guacamole.  But if you come here with low expectations you just might like it.
4	Sitting outside and watching the new light rail go by was a highlight but the food is nice too. HUGE burritos.
5	Phat Burrito makes an impressive burrito...I'll be honest...I've been over 5 times and I always get mine with chicken, black beans, rice, cheese, spinach and fresh jalepeno...kind of lame but I like what I like.  I recommend dining outside if weather is permitting.  Inside is cool too...a little funky and cramped but all together good.  I'm a big fan of their "serve yourself with a laddle" salsa bar too.  Best consumed after a night on the town.
5	Fast fun neighborhood food. Great location near the light rail line makes this a great place to stop at on the way to uptown while riding the line.
3	Update!  I tried it again last night because I WANT it to work.  There have been some improvements:  the small claustrophobic space has expanded to include a new and improved seating area.  The chips still look like tostitos but they are no longer tri-colored and the guac (which I did not try) looked much better this time around.  The steak was still a bit dry but in a pinch I would go here again.This is what goes for authentic Mexican around here?  Sorry, but coming from Chicago I've had my share of tacos, sometimes eating them three or four times a week.  Love 'em.  The burrito I got at Phat Burrito is the only reason there are three stars.  That and the staff seemed pretty nice.  However, no way are tri-colored tostitos real nacho chips.  And I've never had more watery guacamole.  Really not very good and definitely disappointing.  I may try this place again, but it's not at the top of my list.  I'd rather spend the extra $$ and get great tacos at Cantina.
2	Listen, this place has mediocre burritos and "okay" mexican food.How did this place get such a high rating and how has it been voted as "best Mexican in Charlotte"...I SURE DON'T KNOW.  Honestly great food.  But I don't feel it qualifies for authentic Mexican in the least.  Mexican food is one of my few passions and I can whip up a better burrito than PHAT Burrito in about 5 minutes in my own kitchen.  Some spices would have been nice.  The salsa that they have is very good and if you asked them to put it inside the burrito you might have a pretty close match to something halfway tasty.  But quite honestly, it tasted like something from a college campus.  Yuck.
4	Ok, I think we all know that phat burrito is not authentic mexican but neither is taco bell.Lol But their food is pretty good and the people are awsome. The ingredences are very fresh and  the food is tastie. The atmospher is really chill, and you have a choice of eating in or out which both are great. I would tell anyone to go there
4	Simple and unpretentious.  Good burritos and better tacos.  I'm a fan of their fish tacos with the mango salsa.  Can get really crowded at lunch.
3	Huge burritos at this joint, they have plenty of vegetarian options as well.  The naked chicken and rice burrito was delicious and it had an organic flavor.  The graffiti outside the place reminds me of that soulful Philly graffiti that I love.  This little corner restaurant is fun, go out on the patio and enjoy a burrito.
4	Yummy, yummy burritos! I've done Phat Burrito mostly for lunch. One of the offices where I used to work would make it into a Friday lunch trip out now and then. The lines were always long, but we were on the clock, so the lines were kind of nice.I love, love, love the salsa bar. The hot stuff is really hot, so watch out for it if you're a wuss. It's fun being able to determine for yourself if you've got enough salsa or not...I hate when Mexican places dole it out to you. End the salsa tyranny!My favorite dish is the vegetarian quesadilla. It's loaded with stuff, and the vegetables are nicely cooked before they go into the quesadilla. There's some kind of juice that drips out, which is exciting because then you can sop it up with the outside of the tortilla. I have a whole technique...I should upload a video. Can we do that here?
4	Phat Burrito doesn't look like much from the outside, just a rundown, brightly colored cinder block building. But this place has some of the best burritos in Charlotte.These burritos are not only massive, but filled with fresh ingredients you can't get at the franchise burrito joints. There are several options of burritos, but their menu isn't that extensive. Don't go here looking for a Mexican restaurant, go here only if you want burritos or quesadillas. From black to pinto, chicken to beef to fish, & several other options, Phat Burrito provides enough of an option for the whole group to enjoy the kind of burrito each person likes. The salsa bar also has some different options to top your burrito with, & you can try as many as you wish.This place is pretty tiny, with not much room for indoor eating. When the weather is nice, the patio is a good option & is right next to the light rail. The lunch crowd is always huge & most people take their food as takeout, so expect to wait a good while to order, & wait for seating as well if you plan to stay. The parking lot can sometimes be a hassle as well.Phat Burrito is so much better than your normal Qdoba, Chipotle, etc. types. Phat Burrito gives you a much better tasting burrito, without a high price, & will have you going back again & again to this unique little joint.
4	Phat Burrito's burritos are just that: Phat. And, depending on how you order them, they're Fat too. And really, there's no reason to order anything else. Choose from BBQ Chicken, Steak, Chicken, Fish and Grilled Veggies (the girlfriend's pick every time). Surprisingly, the fish is excellent--and at a really good value. It's like a blackened Tilapia and comes with a pineapple-y salsa. Extremely tasty. Everything else is good as well--and you can add beans (black, spicy red or refried) for no additional cost. Go with the spicy red; you won't be disappointed. The guacamole isnt anything special, but it's fresh and tasty, so throw that on your burrito as well. Grab a Modelo as your cerveza and you're all set to enjoy the funky decor of the spare inside. Outside seating is perfect for a warm evening, and there's often a mellow hipster crowd out there enjoying itself. Life is Phat.
4	Phat Burrito is an awesome burrito joint on the Camden Road hipster corridor of South End. Definitely try the burritos and quesadillas. I typically get a chicken burrito, which is packed with shredded chicken, black beans, rice, guac and sour cream. The food is cheap and filling. As for all the reviews that claim this isn't authentic mexican...duh. Phat Burrito never claimed to be authentic Mexican food. If you're looking for real Mexican food, head east on Central Avenue to La Unica or Casa de Las Enchiladas.
5	I've been going here for years and for all the people who say "don't let the outside scare you" - that's after a renovation, haha. it used to be MUCH scarier. The owner put in decent patio furniture, lights, music, flowers, and fresh paint. If you sit at just the right spot on the patio you have a great view of downtown and the wonderfully ugly pink building. The inside isn't much to look at but at least now they have central heat/air and not a window unit that leaks on you. And the art you see on the walls is up for grabs, normally.As for the food - not authentic mexican - not meant to be. They're burritos, quesadillas, nachos, tacos.... and the most delicious salsa EVER! I don't like quesadillas but I like them here. But whenever I come back to town I get a chicken burrito, black beans, rice, hold the cheese, lettuce, tomatos, sour cream and guac.... lots of guac :-) I eat half there and visit with the staff (V & Kelly are AMAZING) and take the rest for the trip home. It's within walking distance of some other kewl shops and even Amos' so hit up Phat Burriito before going to a show or out for drinks! Oh! And the brownies they buy from local bakers are out of this world!
3	The food here comes in large portions and everything tastes pretty good.  I wouldn't call it authentic, but I enjoy the eclectic look and feel of the place, the friendly staff and that the food is made to order.I've  tried the chicken burrito and the chicken quesadilla.  Both were huge.  Each is enough for two girls to split as a meal.  I like that they give sour cream on the side with their quesadilla.  Mmmm, more fat to ladle onto my cheesy fat pie.  Their salsa bar is pretty standard, not always the freshest looking pico de gallo, but a solid place to drop by, fill up and feel satisfied.
3	From the outside appearance I was hesitant to try this place; however, from the reviews I was encouraged to go in. Like many of the previous reviews, the portion sizes of the burrito and quesadilla were large. I ordered a veggie burrito and it was really good. The sour cream and guacamole were delicious additions. We also ordered a caramel brownie. My husband and I both ate under $15. This is a great place for lunch or non-fancy dinner. The interior was colorful and very casual. And the impressive part was when it was slow, the employees were cleaning. I appreciate a clean kitchen.
3	I do not live in the area so when I found myself getting my hair done right up the road, I was unsure where to go. One of the girls at the salon suggested Phat Burrito and being the burrito lover that I am, was really excited. I walked in and was not too impressed. The menu was poorly displayed and I really didn't like the fact that I couldn't see what came on each burrito. I ordered the fish burrito with tallapia. I got my burrito, which was huge and took a bite. I was starving so I was excited to eat something that I usually get a lot of satisfaction out of. I immediately tasted this disgusting sweet mango salsa. I was really confused because when the person who took my order went through the toppings, he never mentioned this concoction. I really do not like mangos and tried to open the burrito up and eat it with a fork, that didn't help. Overall, I was not satisfied with my $10 purchase. I was really disappointed and my lunch date who ordered a chicken burrito shared my sentiments. I might go back and try something else but probably not by choice.
5	When you first see the outside of Phat Burrito, you immediately think of a hippie burrito joint you might see if you're in Santa Cruz or Berkeley. You know you're not in for a traditional Mexican experience, but more of a phunky, philling meal fit for a hungry, money-starved college student.The quesadillas, tacos and burritos are all big. The variety is awesome. I'm usually satisfied going on the healthier side with the veggie (which I gladly ruin with cheese, guac and sour cream options), but I've also enjoyed going for the BBQ chicken and fish. I love the choice of beans as well.The chips aren't special. I get them for a crunch on the side, although half the time I don't really need them because I get so full fast (and I'm a pretty big dude). They're also an excuse to keep hitting the fresh salsa bar. I can get enough of mixing the mild and hot in different combinations. The smokey chipotle-style flavor is awesome.All the ingredients they put in the burritos taste fresh. An unusual twist that works is Indian-style Basmati rice. They also have expanded and opened up the dining area, and now have easier parking around them.I kind of strayed away from this place to check out other Mexican places in the area, and of course, the Chipotle not too far on South Blvd. I had this a lot when I first moved here two years ago, when I lived and worked just down the street.I have rediscovered it, and although I can't eat here more than once a month or so, it's always a worthy trip.
5	I love this place! We always come for Lunch and it's always packed, I enjoy the fish burrtio, but I'm not the biggest fan of fish, but I like it here bc it has pineapples and other things so I don't get the fish taste.. I also like  the self serve salsas. The service is always fast and I love to sit outside on a nice hot day to enjoy my phat burrito!!
3	A friend raved about this place on my last trip to Charlotte.  We stopped in for a late lunch on NYE. Now that the scene is set, onto the review...I'm just going to say it... it's a hipster burrito restaurant. The food was fine. Nothing to call my mama about, nothing I wouldn't eat again, but just fine.  I've eaten at several of these burrito places lately and they're all just kinda the same to me as far as taste and quality.  Everything seemed fresh, the salsa was unique, the seating adequate.If I lived in the area, I'd probably stop in on occasion. It's definitely better and healthier than the chains.
5	Small Price, Phat Burrito Learning the streets in and around uptown Charlotte I finally got the nerve to go and eat at a restaurant I passed almost every day on the way to school. The old Aztec looking building on Camden Road sure has caught my eye more than once. In a place where skateboarders do their thing, paper is blowing on the ground, and a two lane road without a car in sight makes me wonder why anyone would eat here.Pulling into a parking lot of no more than six spaces with everyone of them being occupied made me rethink that this trip could be one I'd remember. Parking on the street was no big deal assuming you live uptown and you do it every day anyways. When I walked through the door a screen of fog and heat hit me in the face like when your girlfriend slaps you because you changed her reality TV show to Sports Center. The craving for something in my tummy grew faster and faster as I was deciding what to eat. The BBQ Steak Burrito with a side of Chips and Salsa. Never in my mind would I have thought to put BBQ and Mexican together until I tried it. Playing on words, this burrito brought me joy of an unheard of quantity. The burrito was as life-size as my head and it was gone in minutes.                      $7.95 to fill me up is abnormal. When I am hungry, I eat and man can I eat. I had to flex my stomach muscles just to get is all down. Being a college student this is definitely quality food for a cheap price.
5	fantastic!!!!!
5	This is the best place for burritos in Charlotte.  Particularly recommend the vegetarian burrito.  Great atmosphere, cool staff and music, easily accessible from downtown, Dilworth, and South End.  As good as any burritos I've had in cities known for their burrito- like food, including LA.
2	Nifty little hipster burrito joint. Food is decent, service is mediocre. Don't expect anyone to be too friendly or accommodating. Burritos are large, steak could use a little more seasoning. Apparently there is a salsa bar, but it's well hidden. I guess in a rush, with not too many options around, it would do the trick. But it wasn't really worth the hunt.
4	I like a burrito...but at this point am bored of black and pinto beans.  Phat burrito comes to the rescue with unexpected red beans. Yay!  My veggie burrito was big, messy, and delicious!
4	Phatty Phatty Two by Four, this is what you chant after eating their humongous burritos!  Great little spot to sit outside, drink a beer and support local business!  Yay, everything I love.  What I like best is their chalkboard that reads:  Be nice or leave.  This should be everywhere.
4	A Negra Modelo, a giant steak burrito, a lovely patio, and I rolled out feeling like a python that had swallowed a goat.  All win, and for only $11.
4	Great location and really good burritos. Love eating here when I'm on that side of town.
4	Fast and awesome. I like the local culture and laid back vibe. The queso is delicious!  One of my favorite parts is the salsa bar - make sure you check it out.I always choose Phat Burrito over the nearby Chipotle.  You can't beat the feel of the place and the diverse menu offerings.
2	It truly breaks my heart to write this review. I am squirming in my seat as I speak, or type I guess. I really really really want to love Phat Burrito, I mean, really. It just isn't the same anymore and I can't hold on any longer. I love the location, I love the decor, I love the murals, or "pieces" in urban terms, and the overall charm that emits from this place. The restaurant is super cool, hip, eclectic and is a spot where regulars don't need a menu (if you can find it). Phat Burrito brings me back to the days of b-boying and ya know, my ghetto youth. It's just, what's all that charm without good food? I'm not all superficial. I appreciate a little substance and I've given Phat Burrito enough chances to love me back. Each visit just seems to get worse, and today's lunch was a kick in the nuts. Now, the fish taco was good; grouper, charbroiled on an optional CORN tortilla (yay) and topped with a mango salsa. Yep pretty yumm. Tortillas are grilled rather than steamed, which I adore. The burrito though was another utter disappointment. The beans were al dente - hard. Rice was bland and soggy, thus making my burrito wet and causing it to crack in half. The chicken was bland and dry. Every other bite was hard with a few burnt pieces. While the portions are nice, the burrito as a whole was just lacking something; flavor. Mediocre IMO. I've practically tried everything on the menu (not hard to do), but my heart belongs to chicken. But when the chicken continually does you wrong, whats a fellow to do now but move on to the next one.
2	This place has everything I could want in a rad burrito joint, but good burritos: hard beans (with watery bean juice); mushy flavorless rice; skimpy on the meat innards. Get anything but...      (the burrito)I do like the other menu items, but a burrito joint MUST have good burritos.
2	Ive been to Phat Burrito several times now and I guess each time I just hope I was wrong the last...or maybe I just forget how unimpressed I am.  The venue itself is in a great location (yay Southend!). The place itself is very low-key artsy/boho-esque...basically just what you should expect of Southend. The service is where things start going downhill slightly- It's never been good. The staff aren't friendly neighborhood joint workers (unlike CM across the street)- in fact they don't really even answer their phones with polite faux-enthusiasm. Ive paid extra for Guacamole - and never received it...when I politely told them this I wasn't even offered an apology-or even some free Guac the next time. Oh well.  All of this I could let go if they had kick-butt Southwestern fare but I am sorry to say they do not. The salsa's and Guacamole (sadly) are very bland. I worry about the freshness factor since they are basically left out all day (salsa's only). I ordered some Quesadillas- what no sour cream, lettuce, tomato, salsa, anything?! What is southwestern and/or mexican food without all the scrumptious sides?  I still haven't found a good take out Mexican with take-out prices....
3	Burrito snobs beware - this place is not for you. The tortilla's gonna break, one bite'll be nothing but Guac, next, rice, you won't find your Add Jalapenos until the very end and fry your tongue on them and leftover, burrito-bottom Tortilla.But you gotta love PB for their Classic status - like Lupie's nachos, like Dish's meatloaf, no matter how cool Burritos have become, they've made 'em this way, it's staying this way. Kind of a bummer, because I want more than just peppers and zucc in my 'rito - but kinda awesome, because beans, rice, tomatoes, cheese, various veggies, lettuce, sour cream and guac, should be enough for my Belly. Just cuz there's 6 options for meaters up there and all I get is squash, well, so be it.Why is the rice white, why is the sky blue. These questions have no answers. So get what you can and eat it quick before it explodes all over your face/lap/shoes.
5	Was definitely impressed by this place the other night.  I liked the atmosphere and most importantly the burrito and beer I consumed.  I've been meaning to try this place for the longest time, but every time I've ventured out - they were either closed or some extemporaneous circumstance kept me from trying the place.Walking in, my first impression was "this is going to be unique" since the place was empty and the chalkboard menu had a lot to choose from.  They also have a salsa bar with varying levels of heat to enjoy with whatever you order.  I kept it simple and went with a chicken burrito with guacamole and sour cream.  The burrito came out really fast and the first thing I noticed was the cream flavor... I guess all the other chain burrito stores use the same generic sour cream, but maybe Phat Burrito makes their own or has a different source.  The burrito was great!  I think looks can be deceiving since there are bars on the windows and doors, so it does look like a "rough" place, but the food is the star here.  I've been to many "pretty" looking restaurants and their food is less than worthy of the decor in the restaurant.  I think we beat the dinner crowd since the place starting filling up when it was time for us to go.
4	When you walk into an establishment and George Clinton is playing, you know it's going to be an interesting experience. After four years in this city I finally decided to give it a shot thanks to a coupon for a free entree + drink. I've always been curious about this place with it's eccentric outside decor, bars on the windows plus I like with things starting with F but are spelled out PH (however I hate when things that start with C are spelled out with a K but that's besides the point). I went right after work and there were only two other people in there....unheard of! Part of the reason I've never been is because the parking lot is full and I can't find anywhere to park so I was pleased to know I would finally get my Phat on. Even though the smell of Price's was in the air, I was still ready to try PB.I got a chicken burrito to go and it was ready in less than 5 mins. It seemed like there were two people working that shift so I was surprised with the turn around time. When I got home and sat down to eat, I unwrapped the foil around the burrito and holy crap---it was bigger than my dogs head (see pics)! Boo ya! Super tasty and I didn't have to add any salsa or hot sauce. It was perfect just the way it was. It wasn't too dry but at the same time wasn't sopping wet and falling apart. For Mexican in a pinch, this will be my new go to spot....but only if I can find a parking spot.
5	If you like burrito's this is as good as it gets! Move over Moe's, Qdoba, Tijuana Flats and Sulsaritas you have nothing to compare to Phat burrito. I wish I was closer to Phat Burrito and could go there more because it is super tasty. I prefer the fish burrito with there lovely mango salsa that they put on it but you really cant go wrong with anything there. Its not the fanciest place by all means but they have a real relaxed atmosphere and the staff really seems to enjoy working there.
4	Cheap and cheerful, Phat Burrito's food is a really tasty example of California burritos. The giant burritos and quesadillas are worth a drive across town. The barbecue steak and chicken are stand-outs on the menu, but a simple bean burrito with red beans is just as satisfying. And the veggie burrito is full of squash and zucchini as well as the standard sauteed peppers and onions. Stop at the salsa bar, but skip the chips--they're obviously out of a bag (and not that good of one, either).
5	Delicious
3	It's 2 o'clock on a Sunday afternoon and I'm wondering how I got from planning a light scone-centric lunch to sitting in South End polishing off a burrito the size of my head. Now matter how, I suppose, the point is that I was having Phat Burrito for lunch. A chicken buritto with black beans (you get your choice of black, red or refried), rice, sour cream and onto which I was forking heaps of hot salsa from the salsa bar.It was good. Fairly similar to your standard massive burrito chain, say Qdoba or Chipotle, but with that good feeling you get from eating at a local joint. The counter staff looks like a flashback from my days of frequenting skater punk and ska concerts but they were friendly and handled my corny humor well enough. I like that they had counter space that I could park my lone wolf self at because nothing makes me feel more alone than a 4 person booth to myself. The salsa...it said hot, and maybe to someone else it would be, but i feel like if you are going to offer a range of heat levels one of them should actually live up to the name hot. No dice. I must admit I was a little bummed that there was no pork option. Chicken, beef, spinach, BBQ beef, BBQ chicken or veggie, sure. Pork, no. Dang.All in all, if i were down in south end and really hungry I might head to Phat Burrito again, but you probably wont hear me raving about it at the next UYE.
4	Normally I try a local restaurant than a chain restaurant which serve similar food. My friend wanted to go Chipotle as he was not sure abt the food at this place but I stick to "Phat Burrito" after reading the good reviews. Glad I did. I ordered Fish burrito and Steak taco. I asked for everything in my burrito and oh boy it was the best fish burrito I had so far. I hate smelly fish burrito but this fish has no smell and had a very unique taste. Steak taco was ok and can be skipped.Bottom line: I will return for my Fish burrito, if I'm in Charlotte.
4	me at phat burrito: ill have 1 fish taco and 1 .... crap I still can't decide but I know he really wants the rest of my order right now .... and 1 fountain drink... and 1.. (enter random yet always delicious second taco)my sister and I were shopping in the area when lunch time arrived. I knew I had thrown my pb groupon into my purse before we left in case we were still nearby, and she reaally wanted a salad. luckily, we could both be happy. I ordered two tacos, yes the fish was amazing, but what was interesting was the salad. They have a good "selection", okay pretty much the same base with whatever protein you want thrown on top (and maybe a bean choice), but the way it's presented had many people in line asking and ordering what she was eating (we were in the booths between the register and the restrooms) I personally would have smothered the thing in pico and hot salsa from the lovely bar, but she was more than content with her chicken, beans, cheese, and lettuce. (there may have been a few more ingredients, but I was focused on my tacos. the pointing from the register did catch me off guard though) My main rule (that I have to admit I've been breaking lately as I've come to love my knife-point decisions) for phat is, if you don't know what you want, step to the side. Not that everyone is in a hurry, but everyone there is efficient. If you need more time reading the board, no biggie, just let the people behind you go. There seems to be some perfectly oiled machine of order/create/name calling that even on my first visit I caught onto and was extremely nervous to upset. I have realized those who are unaware of this are probably the same people who wait 20 minutes in line at starbucks and still don't know what they want when they get to the counter, and I understand the employee's occasional frustration. Just order with your gut and move on- it's all good.
1	Do not eat here!!! I've been up all night sick. The decor was cool, food was bland, the steak tasted like pot roast and the beans were sort of runny I normally am a mom and popper but in this case stick with chipotle or go to any authentic place down S.blvd. Didn't seem to clean I repeat up all night sick!!!!!! But enjoy if you are daring.
3	If there is one thing I know... it's Mexican food.  I love me some Mexican.  But I was not real impressed with this place.  I didn't feel like I got my money's worth.  I had the chicken tacos.  They were OK.  I liked the salsa bar.  Overall, it was an "OK" experience.
3	i had quite an interesting experience on my first visit to phat burrito.  one soggy monday night, we decided to grab takeout from someplace nearby.  since it was getting very close to 9pm, we knew our decision needed to be made swiftly.  i'd heard from several people about how great phat burrito's food was, so i decided to place an order around 8:30pm that night.the dude who answered the phone was definitely a character.  i ordered a chicken quesadilla, a steak burrito, a steak tortilla salad, and some extra guac.  he asked multiple times if i would make it there by 9, OR ELSE.  amused, i assured him we would be there right away.phat burrito is located quite close to another southend staple - price's chicken coop.  it's situated on a corner across from price's with an incredibly small parking lot and an even smaller footprint.  inside are all the conforming trappings of a nonconformist establishment: revolutionary posters, indie rock band bumper stickers, pierced and dyed cooks, mismatched tables/chairs, and multicolored walls with appropriately peeling/scuffed edges.  it's definitely charming, and i loved how the clientele was a bit atypical - of course, you had your artsy crowd, but there were definitely some "jocks" and "plastics" mixed in (and who doubted i could make a mean girls reference on my blog!?  yep, that's what i thought!).  an array of patrons from differing backgrounds can only mean one thing in an establishment this kitsch . . . some darn good food.i waited awhile for my eats, and when i made an inquiry to the neo-hippie manning the register, he informed me, with a bemused laugh, of the fact that the paper with my order had been "lost," so would i mind giving it again.  i didn't mind, so i resubmitted my requests and waited for only a few minutes more before the aforementioned cook tossed it all together.  he handed me my bag of grub and i walked back over to the register . . . to wait again.  when neo-hippie noticed me a second time, he asked if anything was missing.  i told him, "well, i haven't paid, yet."  he was actually shocked that i waited around to pay.oh well.  maybe i should have bolted.the food was great: cheap (less than $7 per item) and satisfying.  my favorite of the selections we made was definitely the salad.  the steak was well-marinated and didn't sport the texture of shoe leather (a welcome change).  the guac was a bit bland, but the avocados were fresh, so i tossed on some salt and dealt with it.  the runner-up was the burrito . . . i omitted the beans and loved how hearty and filling it was.  the quesadilla was probably the weakest link, but even then, it was still damn good.phat burrito is definitely a joint for the mellow.  the people were very nice, if a bit scatterbrained, and the food took awhile, but was totally worth it.
5	My son and I are huge fans of Phat Burrito! We would eat there twice a week probably if I was comfortable allowing us to eat out that often. We particularly love riding our bikes up on a nice day and enjoying our food on the patio. I typically order two black bean tacos with everything and my son orders both cheese quesadillas and steak quesadillas. My tacos are always so full that they really could have been made into three. I like to top them with the delicious tomatillo salsa and the hot salsa, which admittedly could be a little hotter. But, luckily they offer fresh (not pickled) jalapenos! I have seen that some other reviewers felt that they received poor or unfriendly service and I hate to see that. In my experience, the employees have always been extremely nice and helpful, it is one of the draws for us. Not to mention, they always get our food to us quickly! The prices are very reasonable and they are locally owned! And to top it all off, they grow some of the items on location, definitely the cabbage for the fish tacos and maybe other things (it was cold weather when I noticed.) Now that the weather is warming up, I can update this if I see that they grow other veggies.
4	I'll start of by saying that Phat Burrito's food is nothing to write home about.  I'm not saying that it's bad; I'm just saying that it's not exceptional. I'm always happy with the food and like to grab a couple fish tacos or a black bean quesadilla when I'm in the mood for one of those things.  So why do I give Phat 4 stars?  I can't help but love this place.  I loved it when it was half the size and the area was a slight bit shadier than it is now.  I love the skater punks and the hemp hippies that work there.  Sometimes they miss an order and sometimes you have to wait while they make up for their mistake, but you just keep on loving it.  And while you're sitting and waiting for the missed order to be made you think "damn, I wish I didn't work for Wells Fargo and could get stoned and ride a skateboard to work."  And that's why Phat Burrito gets 4 stars.  They are what the rest of us wish we could be:  cool.
5	Phat Burrito is a great little place.  The burritos are extra large, reasonably priced, and unique.  The seating is ample, with an outdoor patio for nice nights.  There is even a parking lot!  Extra perks include Coke products (fountain) and a salsa bar.  Finally, the staff couldn't be friendlier.  We'll be going back soon!
4	Phat Burrito is one of those places that helps Charlotte's identity as a city, a nice quirky counterpoint to the banks and chain joints uptown and in the various malls at the peripheries of the city.I think people have already covered the food angle pretty well in the other reviews.  The tacos, burritos, and quesadillas all share the same basic building blocks, and the dishes benefit from fresh ingredients of good quality.  I've never been disappointed.  The service is pretty much no-frills counter service, but it is easy to deal with and fast.My favorite part, though, is the salsa bar.  They make some dynamite salsa over at Phat, and it's cool to alternate between the hot, medium, verde, etc. as you plow through your burrito.nice work.
4	My boyfriend lives in DC and comes down to visit and the first place he hits is Phat Burrito.  I think he dreams of this place in his sleep.  And he was a former Chipotle lover.  I would never turn down Phat Burrito, but it's not the world's best burrito. But, since that's not in Charlotte, I'm going to say this is the best place.  I do love their chips and salsa though.  The medium salsa and pico is yummy!  It's quick, the servings are big, the ingredients are fresh, and the decor is cool.  The employees are a little blah though.  Slow and on the unfriendly side.  And kind of creepy looking if you ask me....I wish they weren't such a pain on using their Groupon.  Most stores just let me use it off my Iphone app with the confirmation number.  Not them.  I have to print it and bring it in. Pain in the ass because I always forget.  By the time I get to a printer, I'm pretty sure it'll be expired.
4	A great changeup from TexMex chains like Q'Doba, Moe's or Chipotle. Get a good feel for one of Charlotte's most unique areas, South End, by eating here. One of my favorite places for a quick meal in Charlotte, and it will be for a long time to come.
4	What can I say?  Mexican food is my weakness.  I have walked by this place about 100 times but never at the right time for a meal.The other day it was around dinner so we stopped in, it's not fancy and the menu is written on a chalkboard.  I decided on a chicken taco salad and my better? half decided on a chicken burrito.  I LOVED that guacamole and sour cream didn't cost extra cause avocados are another weakness of mine.  The salad was delicious.  Lettuce was fresh, chicken was good and plentiful, cheese, and all other toppings were good.  It didn't come in one of the those pre fried taco bowls either, instead just with a tortilla they crisped up right before serving it.There's a little bar of different flavors of salsa, I only tried the mildest one cause I'm a baby but they all looked fresh and homemade.  This will definitely be in the repetoire of places to walk to for dinner!
4	I went here with a small group for a birthday lunch. I usually just walk to eat but this a little too long for a lunch time walk from downtown. I am glad we got there at 11:30 or we would not have been able to sit together. The food was pretty good (better than Cabo fish taco, don't shoot me). I had a bean burrito that was about 3 lbs (half is in the work fridge) and super delicious! The others at the table got BBQ steak and BBQ chicken quesadillas, they also enjoyed their lunch. The food was made fresh to order, subway style. It was definitely good enough to throw it into my lunch rotation, when I am willing to drive.
4	Great cheap spot to eat with huge portions. I am big dude and I couldn't put down all of my steak burrito. Service was fast and friendly and there is a pretty good variety of items to add to your burrito or whatever it is that you order. I prefer this spot much more than Moe's. Midday there may not be enough seating so be prepared to eat in your car.
3	I got excited the first time i saw this place when i moved to charlotte from wilmington, nc. i wanted to love it and thought it would be a good substitute since flaming amy's burrito barn was no longer right around the corner. I was a little disappointed. It wasn't a bad burrito, but it was a very basic burrito. Salsa was pretty good. i'll probably be back, but won't go out of my way to do so.
4	The "tornado" (as I'm affectionately using to reference my 11 and 13 year old nieces) "hit" here first!  Today is my first time to eat here!1:05 pm and there is still a lunch crowd!  Half are about ready to leave the other half ordering and waiting!  Staff is very friendly!  The guy taking my order made sure he knew, I knew what I wanted!  One Burrito, Steak and Cilantro!  He asked, and I confirmed: No beans, No rice, No guac, No cheese, nothing but Steak, cilantro wrapped in a Tortilla, wisely wrapped in foil!  Lil' Ricky and I drove all the Burrito Bars Crazy ordering like this "just Steak" - "OK what would you like" _ Next person "JUST Steak!"  He got it right, the kitchen got it right - It was very good!  I had a couple of bites of my nieces Chicken Burrito with everything, just so I could tell you... It was also good.  I did not get the spicey Steak (they may call it Barbecue Steak?) mine was the plain steak!For the volume of lunch business they are doing they are FAST!!!
4	One of my fave places to get my Mexican food fix when I was living out in Charlotte back in 07-08. My roomie and I loved their tacos and salsa bar. I always got chicken and steak tacos...yummers.I remember it being kinda dark inside so I always opted for the cute little patio tables outside to sit and enjoy the fresh air and nice weather.I think about this place whenever I get nostalgia for Charlotte.
4	Put simply... these are the only burritos my better half will eat. I can't add much to that.It's definitely not fancy but the food is delicious.
5	I love this funky, eclectic little hole in the wall. When I lived in Charlotte I'd drop in for lunch or dinner. It's not necessarily 'Mexican', but it is amazingly delicious! Portions are large and prices are reasonable for the area.I usually just order the tacos so I can get a few different flavors, but the burritos and quesadillas are well worth your time, too. You can personalize all the items(eg: you hate beans with a passion surpassing reason, rice reminds you of larvae...whatever your deal is) and then pick your order up at the counter and meander over to the salsa bar and pick up some salsa verde or extra hot...or even mild, if you like. It's fresh and ready to drown your food in a flavor explosion.If you're heading downtown to go to a concert, I'd recommend eating here and then taking the lightrail to avoid a parking mess. If it's a nice night, there are tables out on the patio/corner to enjoy.
3	I'm OK with Phat Burrito. I've had their shrimp tacos & they were just OK. Shrimp were very tiny & chewy.  Now I've had their steak tacos & they're much better.  The chips are my favorite. Ooooh & the salsa bar! THAT is something to brag about! So many flavors & temperatures of salsa.It really is a hole in the wall, it's kinda dark & not much ambiance.  The staff there is always nice & friendly. Service is pretty quick. They serve beer there, so for beer drinkers, that should make you happy. :)
4	I agree with previous reviews about the food and atmosphere. Tacos are delicious and the salsa selection is fabu. I was starving this morning and came in for a quick bite. The guys prepared fish tacos for me even though the restaurant wasn't opening for another 20 minutes. I love supporting this place . . . and the other wonderful non-franchise/non-establishment businesses in South End. Charlotte, be proud!
3	OK, not great. Huge portions!
4	Really good tex mex joint in South End. This place is REALLY small! Lunch time on weekdays is a challenge, so long as you don't mind saying "excuse me, can you pass me a salsa cup and a straw?" It's advisable to get your order to go, unless you can get a seat at one of their 3 tables outside. The bbq chicken quesadilla is really good. Better than Moe's , better than Salsarita's.
4	Order the bbq chicken taco's with mango salsa. Try not to hit them up right at noon, go a bit earlier or later.
4	Yelp to the rescue.  Was on the way to the airport and had some time to kill....and needed some good grub.  Found this gem and glad I did.  How yummy and legit.  The finer points:- No nachos on the menu (perhaps they'll make 'em if you ask...which I didn't).  I think nachos are the finest, most perfect food groupe on God's green earth- Salsa bar!  And it's so, so, so yummy (careful with the "spicy"...bc it's actually spicy)- Fish tacos use tilapia...which they break up - I think they should leave it whole- So the BBQ steak -- it's YUM, actually BBQ flavor which is brilliant with the other flavors. Nice people and cool atmosphere.  WINNING.
4	Local feel is great. Great food. Perfect spot.
5	Everything is good, and the dudes that work here are cool.
3	I have stopped here a couple of times. I really would like to give it a 4 star rating, however it is honestly a 3. The burritos are pretty good however the place could use some fixing up. The seating is not that great and the dining room is not always clean.Their burritos are indeed Phat. To eat a whole one takes some time. The ingredients are par at best. Some times the rice is a little hard. The veggie burrito contains squash and peppers, which sounds a bit odd, but is a rather tasty addition.Finally, I must mention the "salsa bar". It's more of a salsa cart with some mediocore sauces. The salsa verde is lacking. The plain salsas have ok flavor but even the "hot" one is quite mild. The pico de gallo if pretty decent.
5	Hands-down the best burrito in town. None of the big chains compare to the freshly grilled chicken and steak, toasted (not steamed) tortillas and moist, sticky (not dry) rice. Everything about the flavors are perfect.Fresh salsas, made on-site are the finishing touch. I've been eating at Phat Burrito almost every week since they opened, years ago. Consistently better than all the other chains.We are so lucky to have this landmark right here in Southend.
3	I've had just about everything on their menu.......everything is good, though I'm not sure there is anything worth raving about.  Portions are as you would expect, the price is on par with similar establishments, and the service is OK (interpret:  order at the counter, have a seat, then pick up when they call your name).Typical menu options:  burritos, quesadillas, salads, tacos, etc.  Similar to a Qdoba, Chipotle, or Moes but less of a chain restaurant feel.  Recently I noticed a BBQ chicken burrito/taco on their menu that sounded like a nice change of pace.  Next time.Other reviewers have referred to this place as "quirky."  That's probably a good word.  I think Charlotte needs more places like this..... Charlotte is just too squeaky clean.Oh - the outdoor patio, while small, is a fun space to drink a few Coronas during nice weather.  I'm a fan.
4	I went to Phat Burrito and ordered the steak quesadillas.  They were delicious!!  There was plenty of steak and yummy cheese.  It came with a side of sour cream and there is a little salsa bar near the food window where I filled up on fresh pico de gallo.  I was seriously in heaven.  My friend ordered the BBQ Chicken burrito and let me tell you kids, it was indeed a PHAT burrito.  Not only did it taste good but it was huge!  The burrito is stuffed with your choice of refried or black beans.  I sampled a bite of hers (with the black beans) and I was in love.  My only disappointment was the guacamole.  It was mediocre and the only ingredient I could really taste was lime.  The chips that came with it were great but for some they may be too salty.  Instead of eating the guac, I marched back up to the salsa bar and experimented with a variety of salsas.  It was pretty fun!  The atmosphere is very casual.  It has a funky, laidback, almost carribbean feel.  The staff greeted me when I walked in and took my order right away.  I decided to order a beer with my quesadilla (another added bonus) but I had to use the restroom before we sat down.  As soon as I came out, the cashier called my name and had my beer opened and waiting.  Good service!My meal costs around $9 with the beer and I was fully satisfied.  I will definitely go back and would consider swinging by for pick up!
4	I had the BBQ chicken burrito, and it was surprisingly good.  The BBQ sauce goes really well with the chicken, and the chicken is cooked with a nice char on the edges.I tried some of my friend's steak burrito, and they also make the steak really well - it's almost like pulled meat - fall-off-the-bone tender.  I'm imagining that the BBQ steak burrito would be a home run for me.  I want that next.Portion size is HUGE, which somewhat justifies its pricey menu.  And the salsa bar has a great selection with some serious flavor.Good option for something quick and delicious.
5	I have never been a fan of places like Chiptole/Moes etc.  I went to Phat Burrito a few years ago, and I don't get burritos anywhere else!  They always use great fresh veggies and you can get whatever you like, however you like- I'm pretty picky and only like certain things on my burrito, and they will make it that way- no problem!  Their veggie burrito is fantastic, and they now offer tofu- which i recently tried, and is also very good!  The fish burrito (which I didn't try for a while) was FANTASTIC!  It comes with a mango salsa that is just amazing with the fish flavors (you can get it on the side if you aren't sure)Some of the other reviews are true, rice can be harder at time, sometimes it isn't the cleanest of places...but this isn't Flemming's Steak House- this is a great local establishment- the guys who work behind the counter remember your face when you have been there a few times...and it is 99% of the time a fantastic burrito (or quesadilla, or taco salad- I have tried them all!)*just note at lunch the line is OUT THE DOOR- and the wait is longer than dinner times!
4	I lived in South End for an embarrassingly long time before I ate at Phat Burrito, but now, I can't stay away. It's far too easy to hop off the light rail and swing by for dinner on my way home. I've probably had a quesadilla here once or twice, but mostly, I go for the burritos. They are giant, and filling without being overwhelming. If you're in the mood for dessert, I can personally attest to those brownies being well worth the $1.25 or whatever they cost. I'm not sure if they make them in-house but I've debated going to PB for the brownies alone.Unfortunately, in the Noms At Night category, I'm going to have to give them a solid C. Closing at 9 does not match up with my dinnertime. I understand that small businesses can't always run the hours that larger chains do, and I won't take off a star for it, but they would get so much more of my money if they were open even just an hour later. Here's a tip, folks: if you're going to use their parking lot, be careful, especially at night. During my burrito stop a few nights ago, I walked out to view the aftermath of a pickup truck VS Volvo backing-up accident. I'll let you guess which car won. Maybe park across the street?
4	This is another one of my favorite taco spots. I come here often for their fish tacos and bbq chicken burritos. There've been a couple times I came when the line got long and the staff seemed totally overwhelmed. Another perk to this place is their atm . . .  only a 50 cent usage charge.
4	Man these sure are some good burrito's amigo's. Wish there was one next door but then I would gain thousands of pounds. LOL
4	I really like this place for a quick, delicious, and yes, PHAT burrito. They are extremely large, which is great when you're famished, and the quality and price are right. I've also always found the people who work here to be nice and helpful and everything also seems fresh and clean, which is always a plus!
5	This is one place that doesn't care... In a good way. They do what they do GREAT! This isn't chipotle so get that out of your head. Great food every time I visit. Pretty much weekly.
5	The food truck event was going on outside but our noses and bellies still took us here.  Not only can they make your burrito naked (tortilla on the side), but they put a ton of meat on there too.Dear fellow Yelpers, your rave on the BBQ chicken ________ is legitimate and I hear you!  Their BBQ chicken burritos are definitely worth coming back for.
5	Best Fish Tacos I've ever eaten. Also a bit random for a burrito place, but their cupcakes they keep by the register are AMAZING. Seriously. Try the "key lime pie", it's my favorite!
2	I assumed that the BBQ chicken would be some sort of grilled chicken, not just chicken with BBQ sauce (at $1 extra!!!) that sadly just does not taste good in a burrito. I am disappoint.
1	I've been there twice, and both times the burritos were just... bland, really. I mean, they literally tasted like NOTHING, as if they were filled with Styrofoam. It tastes like what I'd imagine hospital burritos would taste like. I really WANT to like this place, but it's kind of hard when Taco Bell runs circles around you in the spice department!
4	Pretty Good - #1 - Not a chain although a 2nd one is getting ready to open - bummer.Food was good - stayed away from the meat - veggie burrito and salsa bar were both good.   I actually work right across the street - need to remind myself to go to Phat Burrito more often. Its  really quite good.  Oh and by the way - veggie burriot was HUGE!!!
5	Best veggie burrito I have ever eaten! I have only eaten their once, but I am definitely going to be a regular customer! This place is awesome!
2	My daughter and I went a month or two ago. 1. It's way out of our way but we went because we love burritos, we were in the neighborhood, and the place has some pretty good reviews here on Yelp.2. I got a chicken burrito and she had a bean or veggie burrito. The burritos were good but not fantastic. (Maybe it's why I forgot to Yelp about it until now...)3. Neighborhood parking was hit or miss. I drove around the block a few times before we spied a space in the lot near the outdoor seating area. The parking lot is fairly small and maneuvering in it gave me the jitters. 4. The place didn't appear to be the cleanest. We had to wipe our table and seats before sitting. Several tables had trash and food strewn on them...
5	I've heard legends and tall tales about Phat Burrito for years now.  I feel like every time someone brings up Johnny Burrito or Chipotle in Best Burrito Conversations, someone inevitably chimes in with a vote for Phat Burrito.  But just like the talk of legends such as Big Foot and the Loch Nest Monster, I thought Phat Burrito was just that;  talk. With that being said, I went to Phat Burrito (PB) this afternoon for lunch.  This was my first and only time going to Phat Burrito and beyond what was contained in the menu online (http://www.phatburrito.com/home/phatburrito-menu.php), I really didn't know what to expect.  First thing that stood out to me was the tricky parking situation at PB.  Just like the mafia, its easy to get in, but hard to get out.  Upon parking, and going inside, I noticed the inside felt tight and and bit cramped.  There were plenty of people already sitting at tables and a few peeps standing in line placing orders.  My friend ordered the steak burrito (w/black beans, sour cream, but no guac).  I ordered the BBQ Steak burrito (w/ refried beans and both sour cream and guac).  While we waited for our burritos to be made, we went to the little salsa bar in the back and fixed ourselves a few cups of the different salsas.  I heard someone yell, "TREY!" from behind the counter and I knew our burritos were ready to be devoured.  The BBQ STEAK Burrito I ordered was splendid.  There seemed to be plenty of steak (they didn't short me on the meats as others have stated).  The BBQ flavor was slow to hit me, but after a few moments of chewing...THERE it is!  That sweet BBQ sauce amalgamated well with the guac, cheese, sour cream, refried beans and the freshly made salsa.  Just like a colony of ants, all of the ingredients worked as one.  It was unlike any other taste I've ever experienced, and instantly had me wanting to come back again!  I tasted my friend's steak burrito and can say it was not nearly as good as the BBQ STEAK burrito.  I also think you have to add both GUAC and SOUR CREAM to maximize your taste experience.  Nonetheless, it was still well above par.  The service was great.  The bro who took our order was cool, and very personable.  I can concur with other reviews which mentioned that the inside was a little grimy.  While I appreciated that aspect of PB, my date was a bit turned off by it.  Today, Phat Burrito made me a believer.  Today I found out that legends of magical burritos aren't the stuff of legends at all - they are indeed real...Real good and tasty, that is...and just like Arnold, "I'll BE BACK."
4	Been here twice. Love it! Minus one star because the place is a tad bit dirty. Staff is nice overall and pleasant. Parking is tricky though. Luckily, the Bland St light rail stop is a short distance away. A must go spot!
4	I've never had the burritos but what a great spot for a couple tacos. I stroll over from a neighboring residential building weekly for a fish taco and/or one of the others on the menu. It is quick and delicious. As for the parking people mention, I walk, but there is the small lot connected to the building, a lot across the street with plenty of space (I think it is shared with Common Market) and plenty of street parking within a block or two in either direction. You can even park in the South BLVD street spots and walk across the light rail tracks and be here in no time.
4	Phat Burrito is my favorite burrito in Charlotte. I really enjoy the funky decor and vibe. The salsa bar is a huge plus; I'm particularly a fan on the hot and green salsas. And, sometimes, they have a habanero salsa that's the bomb.
4	Tasty and reasonably priced. Their burritos really hit the spot, and once you've been...you're addicted. They serve up some of the best burritos...and yes, they definitely are phat.
5	One of my favorite local spots in Charlotte!
3	I've been to Phat Burrito several times over the years and have always loved the location. It attracts all types of people in the Southend area. Hipsters, skaters, local biz owners, and Uptown bankers alike. There's something on the menu for everyone. Burritos, salad, quesadillas and all of the different toppings/fillings you could imagine. Upon our last visit, I decided to try out a quesadilla after getting a burrito each previous visit. Can't say that I was blown away, but it was reliable. If you're hungry and craving meat and cheese between two tortillas, you can't go wrong. There was something really odd about the salsas that day, too. The medium variety seemed to have a very "astringent" sensation/flavor that was very unpleasant. Typically, the salsa bar is the best party, but must have been an off day. No biggy, though. My wife tried the salad which was great. Huge torta next to a generous piling of lettuce, beans and all of the fixins'. It was a winner. A great little spot with great outdoor seating and mediocre seating inside. It can be a little crammed around lunchtime, so taking it to go or even eating out of your car may be in the cards. I think for the price (close to $19 for the both of us with only water to drink) in conjunction with the lack of splendor, it's not a top priority on my list to pilgrimage for lunch/dinner, but always love to stop in when on business/pleasure/errands in Southend.
5	Best burritos in town! They are the size of your arm!
5	The best burrito place ever!!  I have been coming to Phat Burrito for the past 9 years religiously!  The BBQ chicken burrito and tacos are amazing, as well as the chips and queso.  Now that I live in Raleigh, there are times when I have heavy withdrawls.  So every time I am in Charlotte, there is no doubt I have to make a stop here, even if its to get it to-go with some extra to take home with me!  You will not be disappointed, the atmosphere is fantastic and so is the crew.
3	Pretty tasty monster sized burritos.  The queso dip was really good,too.Slightly pricier and no real separation from what you get at Chiptole, so I may or may not go back.
3	Not impressed. They messed up my order and had awful customer service(called to order ahead and they left me on hold then hung up on me, sadness).  My burrito was bland, and the fact that I paid extra for guacamole AND sour cream and received neither really grinds my gears. I'm sure I would've enjoyed my food much more had they not forgotten those key ingredients. That, and they messed up the two other items in my order as well.... , but I digress. I'm pretty sure they were upset about food truck Fridays knocking them out the park I'm going to give them another try, since I have always heard good things about the place, & I do so badly want to love them based solely on the name.
1	I do not understand how people give this anything more than 3 stars.  It is awful.  there is no flavor to any of the ingredients.  It is as if you boiled rice, cooked chicken, and bought a flour tortilla from wal mart and call it Phat burrito. Their website offers franchising opportunities..are you kidding me?... there is no process, flavor, or recipe to franchise.... any place boil rice and chop lettuce and wrap it in a flour tortilla and call it a good burrtio... please do not for one second think that this place has anything on moes, chipotle, qdoba, vida, or taco bell.... I am dumbfounded at people who can rate this at 5-stars, it makes no sense to me at all.  Oh the somewhat talked about queso?!! .. let me just say that I held it upside down for an extended period of time and nothing got on the floor, it essentially broke the horribly stale awful chips as you tried to dip it.  I had half the burrito 5 chips and gave the rest to the dog (true story), and felt bad letting him eat it.
4	fresh ingredients and tasty Burrito.
3	Phat Burrito. Did the job. Slightly pricier then Qdoba. Didn't include guac. But fat(phat), filling, and pretty good. Only pet peeve was when someone started sweeping around my table while eating. I hate it when people do that. Ordered: *Veggie Burrito - $8 incl. tax Rankings *# of times dined here: 1st *Cost of Bill: $8-10 for 1person *Food Rating: 7/10 *Service Rating: 8/10
4	I'll admit I'm a sucker for a cozy environment and friendly staff that seem to actually enjoi their job. Been eating there for years and have yet to ever be disapointed. Always plenty of food and I've never experienced anyone skimping on the fillings like some heave said. Never had a problem with parking either, it's not in some big strip mall, ya didn't catch that pulling up??
1	I think this place is overrated and "cool" just because people say it is (and because, yeah, it is a funny name)It's incredibly overpriced-- $9 for a damn burrito-- with no chips, no guac, no sour cream, NO CHEESE-- all those cost extra?plus, handful of times i've been here (because my friends insisted they liked it... until i brought them to reality), they salsa containers have been empty, and stayed empty even after I notified the staff. By they time they refilled them, everyone else in my group had eaten so I felt I needed to eat anyway, even without the salsa (which i desperately needed because bland meat, rice, and beans in a plain tortilla wrap just isn't that yummy)the food is seriously bland unless you get all sorts of add-ons, which is unreasonable because it costs so dang much to begin with!
4	Went for a casual business lunch and had the BBQ chicken taco as well as the fish taco....both incredible!  Fast, fresh, and fun!  Will be going back!!!!
3	I ordered the fish taco, it comes with the mango salsa. Which was ok for me. What I realized is I like the battered fish tacos not grilled. So I will go back and try something else. I also had the steaks soft tacos which I like a lot. Overall, staffs were friendly. A good clean place. Will do a 2nd visit and update my review.
4	I was in the area and wanted something quick for lunch. I've heard about PB, and was expecting a long wait time but I was pleasantly surprised by the movement of the line. Chicken burrito was good and filling and the staff was pleasant. Nice experience overall and will return.
3	I mean the folks there are pretty cool as well as the atmosphere. I ordered a steak burrito with all the trimmings and honestly it lacked flavor. I'm used to that Mexican flavor or some sort of seasoning. I had to add a little salt to it. So it was aight. Location is dope as I was people watching with all the peoples gallivanting around the food trucks.
4	We just moved here from California.  My husband is a native California boy and I lived in the Bay Area for seven years.  We know a good burrito when we see one.  While I doubt I will ever find anything as delicious as our beloved taco truck in Petaluma (we actually composed a song about them once), Phat Burrito is extraordinary.   Super fresh ingredients, great spice blends, yummy beans and some terrific handmade salsas set Phat Burrito apart and put it ahead of the other joints we've tried both here and in California.  Way to go, Carolina!!
4	I said a happy hello to this joint today for lunch and look forward to going back real soon!  It's in the heart of southend with loud colors painting the exterior and an alternative atmosphere when you walk in.  I ordered a spinach quesadilla & the guy gladly said I could add black beans which I was happy about.  It was the size of a medium pie full of flavor.  Spinach was fresh and the ingredients were not like I have ever tasted in a quesadilla before but worked fantastic!!  Pricing is a little higher then most places of that sort but well worth it!!
2	Oh Phat Burrito...where do I even start?  Well, being a southern California native and a Blatina (that's black Latina for those of you who don't know lol,,,it's okay, you can use it too), I have pretty high expectations for burritos. I've been running all over Charlotte looking for Mexican food that is at least comparable to the restaurants and taco shops posted on every corner of San Diego, and I'm sad to say that Phat Burrito fell short of my expectations. Funny thing is, I decided to check it out based on a good review posted by another former California resident. Now that you know a little bit about my background allow me to detail my experience at this place for you.The Food: If my review were based solely on the food, I probably would have given Phat Burrito 3 stars. The burritos are served on really big tortillas that are stuffed to the max (if you need a comparison, think Chipotle). I ordered a chicken burrito which came packed with black beans, rice, chicken, cheese, and sour cream. Sounds really yummy right!? It was Aight. The rice was kind of undercooked and although there was plenty to nibble at, it was seriously lacking in flavor. The one plus was the fresh salsa bar (which usually comes standard at taco shops in Cali). I tried the green tomatillo salsa and it saved my burrito's life! It was mild and had an awesome combination of lime and cilantro that excited me. The Place: Please be warned that if you read any further and you are a fan of Phat Burrito, your feelings may be hurt because I am about to be brutally honest. The parking lot was cramped (already been said), but there was plenty of parking when I went so I had no problem with that. The guy at the counter is responsible for the second star. He was super friendly and enthusiastic. Gave me a minute to explore the menu before asking if I needed help and offering his suggestions which I appreciated. I sat down to indulge in what I expected to be a mind-blowing burrito, and two women sat in the booth next to mine. Halfway through my PB, one of the ladies started making a discrete fuss about something. That's when I saw it! The roach crawling up the side of the counter! The awesome guy at the register was able to SPLAT it before it got too far, but I was still in shock. If there is one thing I abhor more than bad customer service when dining out, it's bug eyed bugs! C'mon now, even if you have a bug or two here and there (let's be real ppl, it happens more often than you'd think), at least keep it concealed while I'm eating lol. It did appear to be running in from the front door area so I  gave them the benefit of the doubt and decided he came from outside and that he was the only one. Needless to say, I was full. But THEN, on my way to my car I ran into a cockroach of a different sort. The old kind that likes to pick up and hit on seemingly innocent young ladies in the parking lot. Ironically he said he knew the owner and that he knew my experience had to have been top notch...I didn't have the heart (or the time) to tell him about what had just taken place. I realize that this is long, but I imagine it will help someone somewhere make an informed decision. I hate doing reviews like this because I know this place has a faithful customer base and a lot of potential, but until someone can assure me that they are pest free I don't think I can make my way back to give the burrito a second chance :(
4	Food was delicous and filling. Got the taco salad, ordered online and was ready when I got there. Unique kind of salad and I enjoyed it very much. Had lots of flavor to it. Line was a little long for the cashier but it was lunch rush. Would definitely go back.
4	I finally made it to phat burrito!! I have been dying to try this place out. My rating is more of a 3.5 star. Some things you should know, extremely nice lady who takes your order. Most burrito and quesadillas are around $7-8. Tacos are super cheap, around $3...but they only give you ONE. So it will not be enough if you are trying to have a meal. I recommend the taco with mango sauce!!! Chunks of mangos in it, to die for and super refreshing!!My tofu burrito was definitely different, the tofu did not even taste like tofu. The lady who took my order was not lying when she said the tofu are well seasoned! She even packed in grilled veggie and lettuce, tomato and cucumber in there for me! Well hello, definitely get the tofu over veggie since it's the same price but you can have extra!This place even has a salsa bar, which I uploaded a picture of, check it out! They got your salsa from mild to extremely hot.The outdoor seating is nicer than the inside of the restaurant, in my opinion. The umbrellas outdoor can be adjusted!!The only complaint I have about this place is I am not sure if the sanitation could be a tad better? Well I guess I am particularly speaking about the bathroom. The female barbie is the girls bathroom and the male barbie is guys, I did not know this until I was looking really hard for the sign for women and men haha which does not exist. The bathroom inside I guess is a bit old, the faucet doesnt have much water coming out and the turn knobs are a bit weird and loose. There is also some hair on the sink...Anyway, the food is pretty good, I'd say like 4/5. Come give them a try!
4	Since Cabo's changed their menu features, I'd have to say Phat burritos offer the best fish tacos in town.
4	Three words: BBQ Chicken burrito.  This bad boy is a monster packed with flavor.  I always rate my burrito experience as compared to Chipotle.  This is  the baseline to which everyone can understand.  Their prices are marginally higher than Chipotle, but their burritos are slightly bigger as well.  They had wheat tortillas which I think is a plus.  Their salsa bar had a bunch of different options, but it wasn't fully stocked.  It could have used a little service.   I ordered a beer to keep me company, but I was turned off by the fact that it was served just colder than lukewarm.  That was disappointing.  I also noticed that their back half of the restaurant was closed for seating as one of the employees was cleaning up.  This forced me into sitting right by the front door, which would have been real frustrating had it been busier.  They have tacos, quesadillas, and vegetarian options as well.  Phat burrito was a welcome surprise when I took a stab in the dark at a local joint in Charlotte.
2	I would consider myself a burrito lover. I wasn't very impressed with PB. The food:The burrito was large and in charge which is why i gave it at least two stars. Filled to the brim with all kinds of goodness. It was served on a metal pizza tray.The place:We sat in a booth. most of them were dirty. Sticky plastic seats with dirty crumbs everywhere. We picked the cleanest one. The salsa was hidden around the corner from everything which was covered in flies by the time we got to it. I tried it anyways but was grossed out by bite #2. The hot mama salsa was hot, but not hot enough to keep the flies away.I got up to refill my drink and saw a huge ROACH perched up on the ATM machine. I thought the flies were bad but this threw me and my fiance over the edge. I attempted to keep it from her, but she saw my reaction. I've lived all over and seen some pretty insane roaches before, but this was huge. Worse than the huge palmetto bugs i've seen in charleston. We then packed up our stuff and left while the staff tried to find the bug.two tips:1. get your food to go.2. get your own salsa
3	Since Phat Burrito isn't too far from campus I've been here a few times. I've tried the steak, chicken and fish burritos there. While I like the area that it's in on Camden and since I frequent BlackSheep a lot, I can't say that I love it. The location is really cool and it's not a bad hang out spot if you want to sit outside. It's actually preferable to sit outside, since it's either super crowded or just rather uncomfortable. The food wasn't bad. I'm not an especially picky person, but it's not something that I would be very openly recommend. I just wasn't blown away. It was also a bit pricey for what it was, in my opinion. For a little less you could get a comparable burrito at Chipotle or Moe'sI wouldn't rule out coming by again. My experiences weren't bad, but I do hope that it gets better.
3	Cool place in Charlotte's Southside (in my gangsta voice). Went in and they were playing Prince so they had me at hello! Was really interested in trying the bbq burrito so that's I did. Interesting mix of flavors there...burrito was HUGE so I had to save some for later. Had plenty of parking across the street. Was a little disappointed in the salsa bar...looked like it needed to be refreshed a little so I passed on that. Overall it was ok...I'd go back again but it's not on my crave list.
5	Fish tacos,  how could you go wrong with these!
2	I ordered a BBQ steak burrito & found it pretty bland and lacked some variety.  I've had better burritos.  Won't be going there anytime soon. :-(
3	Finally visited Phat Burrito for lunch and unfortunately, was disappointed.  I hear about this place all the time and my experience eating here was just so-so.  My grilled tilapia salad didn't seem to have much fish but had a lot of rice and beans.  It was served in a grilled flour tortilla that was very thin and dry.  Some friends ordered tacos and they didn't look fantastic either.  I'd take Johnny Burrito over Phat Burrito any day, but I did like the quirky location and decor.
5	Looking for a fun, creative atmosphere with amazing food? Anyone that visits Charlotte, NC or recently moved here needs to visit Phat Burrito. Hands down the coolest, yummiest place that sells literally "PHAT" burritos, quesadillas, salad bowls, and tacos. I consider this whole in the wall restaurant a land mark in Charlotte, NC. I enjoy eating any of the BBQ Steak entrees and plus they have a salsa bar where you can choose salsa flavor from mild to hotness. The burritos are big enough to share, but why not get your own because leftovers are a must. Not sure if their company makes their own bread, but its the freshest burrito I have ever eaten. Have a sweet tooth? The deserts are worth a purchase from cupcakes to brownies this place does no wrong. The atmosphere is relaxed with textured walls and art. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and laid back. I at least come here once a week for my BBQ steak fix and the prices are decent, but worth the money! Best Tex Mex in Charlotte!
4	Dope food, dope queso. Ask for the secret spicy sauce if you like hot stuff. Great vibe and better food than the Chipotle down the street.
3	Food is pretty good.  Prices are pretty high in my opinion.  Staff is really friendly and food comes out quick.  If it wasn't overpriced, I'd be more inclined to give 4 stars.
3	I can see what's awesome about Phat Burrito. Burritos come in seven varieties and look like an awesome alternative to the commandeering Chipotle. The location is also pretty sweet: a yellowy concrete block with a nice patio that's right off of the Lynx. It'd be nice on sunny Saturdays (which Charlotte has been having a burrito-sized amount of). With all of this, I was pretty excited to try out this joint.When I went, the inside just didn't seem very welcoming. There was a little bit of natural daylight, but without a whole lot of other lighting. Add some metal fixtures and low ceilings, and the place didn't feel "phunky," it felt "phfeeling-less."As far as the massive (7"x3") burritos. Ever notice how burrito fillings seem to be compartmentalized, where one bite is just a glob of sour cream, where the next is beans, and the next is a bit of guacamole with a spare bean? This is not the case at PB, where the fillings are incorporated well. The sour cream is the base, not a section of the burrito, which I thought was great. The flavor itself is all right: a bean-rich San Fran-style burrito, but not something I'd pack my bags for. Add that chips aren't included (did John Locke include "free chips" in his list of basic human rights?), making for a satisfactory experience, but not one for repeats.While I'm curious if it's any different a night-time, I'm not sure if I'd go back to find out. It wasn't a bad time, just an A-OK time.
2	Mehh... not the best, not even in the top 10. Phat Burrito?? It should be called Rice Burrito. I got the chicken and it was at least 75% rice - they totally skimped on the chicken and added hardly any veggies. I will give them props for having various salsas... but lets be honest, what mexican burrito place wouldn't??*Best tip about this place: the atmosphere is cool.
2	I really wanted to like this place b/c I heard so much about it- and I gave it 3 go arounds....but I just get can't. The burritos are ok and I would have agree with the other reviewer on the amount of rice I received during all 3 visits. And given the prices, just the salsa bar won't be bringing me back. I'd have to say that I like Moe's Southwestern better, and you get chips. Place and location are cool, but that was about it for me.
4	Love this place. Inexpensive, hearty and generous meal. I had fish burrito and fish tacos at different occasions. I think this is my favorite place to enjoy good Mexican food for less. It's well located and in a very nice hood.If I am in Charlotte and close this hood, I definitely go here and eat. The staff is friendly. They outside seating which is great in a good weather. This place is close to a train station that makes it easy connection to the downtown area. I highly recommend this place.
2	Here, I'll save you the time and trouble. Go to Qdoba or Chipotle for a better burrito. At very least, their employees will kindly take your order and pack a burrito with quality ingredients.Although the decor in this place is fun, I can't say the same for my time spent eating this burrito. Rice is over-cooked and is more similar to mashed potatoes, my first bite was nothing but a soggy mess of rice. The chicken is dry, un-seasoned, and lacked any flavor whatsoever. I had to cover my burrito in salsa (which is the only half decent item here) in order to actually find some flavor and not be completely upset about the $10 I just spent. The guacamole was being made as I walked, it was fresh - but just your run of the mill guacamole, nothing to look at here folks. I'd also like to add that a couple employees seemed to hate their job and didn't really want to take my order. Another guy was much friendlier to the patrons behind me. I should have told them to turn back.If you are into flour tortillas stuffed with flavorless ingredients, mushy rice, dry meat and prepared by just as bland employees - - this is the place to be!I'll review their sweet tea separately. I'd give it four stars. Not too shabby!
4	VEGETARIAN FRIENDLY!Finally a burrito place in Charlotte that makes tofu burritos. Their staff is super friendly, they make the burrito as you like it and then have salsa that is great. The staff even gave me some special hot sauce that blew my mindhole. Highly recommend this place! And its right across from the common market!
5	First time - the person who took my order gave me a great run-down of the place and how to order.  I got a chicken quesadilla and my boyfriend got different tacos (fish, beef and chicken).... needless to say everything was amazing!  The hot salsa in the salsa bar was actually HOT salsa unlike everywhere else where you get subpar warm salsa.... it was a great experience and I will defiantly be back!
4	had a great tilapia salad here. everything was so fresh and the presentation was wonderful. it doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside everyone is very friendly and helpful and there is a large variety of food to choose from.
2	I was excited to try this place after living in the area for a few months, but I was unfortunately left disappointed. The pros: friendly staff, flavorful salsas (ask to try the habanero sauce!) and the queso was delish. The cons: the burrito was incredibly bland. It seemed like most of it was rice and beans, which would be ok if they had actually put the time into seasoning those components. The best part if the burrito was that I put salsa on it. Without that, it would've tasted of nothing.
4	I love the Fish Tacos or Fish Quesadilla, that mango salsa and red cabbage have me addicted! I've been a big fan of this place for more than 10 years, I've witnessed some crazy things happen here that could have easily sent me running for the hills - but the food is too good to not come back! The Steak tacos are my next favorite item.. the burritos have always been a little lacking in my opinion though.. and occasionally the service is less than accommodating, but its a small price to pay when you're hungry for the best fish tacos EVER!
4	Inexpensive, casual place for a great burrito.  I have been going here for over 10 years and I've always had a great meal.  It is a little bit of a hike for me to get there but well worth it!  The chicken & beef burritos are very tasty and the salsa is awesome (they have many to choose from). I recently tried the fish tacos for the first time and they were also very good.  I highly recommend this place - the food is great!
4	Hanging in Charlotte for the weekend and this was the first place we ate.  Well...ain't we lucky?!  We ordered a BBQ chicken burrito and a steak burrito.  Both were great.  Fun atmosphere and quirky hipster crowd.  We ate there on a warm spring night when the food trucks were across the way and had smiles all around.Pre-conceived ideal burrito folk:  This place is not Chipotle.  Not worse or better...just a totally different meal and (especially) experience.  Enjoy a phatty burrito and spend your money locally.
4	They have a salsa bar. EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE A SALSA BAR!I took my roomie to lunch here Friday because she was kind enough to help me setup for a festival. She's the best. I ordered my usual: one veggie taco, one fish taco, chips and queso. I love the mango on the fish tacos. Roomie said wanna share queso? The answer is always no. I need my own. File this under fat girl review.The roomie went with a burrito. She thought it was a little bland, so she loaded it up with salsas and hot sauce. Problem solved.What else do you need to know? Phat Burrito is small and can get packed during lunchtime. I try to go after the lunch rush. Workers are super nice. Beer available. Tofu options on the menu.
4	Great Nachos, even if there not on the menu.  Order the chicken nachos with cheese, pico and caso.  They are Great!
5	A real hole in the wall place but that adds to the charm. BBQ burrito is amazing and the service is always great. There is no better place for Mexican in charlotte
5	Me and My Boyfriend love this place! We secretly asked if they had a Challenge of any sort, but they haven't made one yet. We will be waiting and Damn the burritos are huge! I am down 1/2 of the burrito and im already full. There nachos are amazing as well. We will be coming back!
4	I wondered into this place on a beautiful Saturday afternoon and fell in love. I ordered the veggie taco topped with guacamole and it was phenomenal!  The prices are very reasonable and I love the laid back atmosphere with the cool music. If you want to sit outdoors they have a beautiful patio where you can sit outside!
4	My go to for a burrito fix. Love the options on the salsa bar also. The hot salsa is amazing
1	We left and will not be back, NO A/C?  wow what year is it?
3	Best burrito in Charlotte? I was visiting from out of town. So if that's true, charlotte must lacking in the burrito department. It was ok, by no means great. Staff was friendly. Nothing special.
4	Great place for burritos, quesadillas or salad. Go here instead of Chipotle. Staff is always very friendly and hard working. I eat here at least once per week. My only beef is paying $7 for a cheese quesadillas but it is delicious so worth the price.
5	Eight years ago I frequented Phat Burrito. The last time I was there, my daughter was 6 years old. She is now 14 and about to turn 15. We were in NC visiting her great-grandmother who is now passed and her Aunt Jennifer was with us. Jennifer now lives in Dubai. We sat outside on the patio at Phat and took pictures, but I never took a picture of the sign. One of those pictures sits in my daughters room, so I often reminiscence about your burritos. Much has changed in that time and we have made many more trips to Charlotte were I have tried to figure out what burrito place that was.I didn't travel to Charlotte for a year then and lost sight of Phat. I didn't use yelp then; it took me til today to figure it out again. I won't forget this time. You were a strong memory to me and I have driven all over town on various trips to figure out where you were. My daughter said she wanted a burrito so yelp helped me find you today. She had the Phat Steak Burrito and I had the Veggie. Huge. Delicious. And we took half away with us. The queso and beer were and added bonus and my daughter is rocking the shirt she bought! Sooooo glad we found you again. I have not had a burrito quite like this since way back in the day off a food truck in Athens, OH.Keep rockin' it. The store looks great and quite bigger! Five stars to me.
4	The food is about what you'd find at any burrito place. I didn't think the food was head and shoulders above Moe's or Chipotle. I'm going with 4 stars for a few reasons. First is that it's a local establishment, and I enjoy supporting those. The service was quick and friendly. The "Hot Mama" salsa is better than the regular hot sauce found at most. Lastly, on a warm day, I enjoyed sitting out on the patio with the Lynx gliding by and people watching in South End. That is more enjoyable than overlooking a strip mall parking lot at the chain burrito places. Overall, I recommend Phat Burrito and would go here more often if I didn't live so far from South End.
3	this is a review for my take out order.I ordered 2 chicken tacos,2 steak tacos and 2 fish tacos.they have a salsa bar but I guess I was not aware that they are NOT a Mexican taco place, because all the salsas they offer were like tomato based salsas for chips.I was expecting salsas like the one you get from authentic Mexican taquerias,oh well.alright ,both the chicken and steak tacos were okay,not bad but just ok.however the fish tacos were great ! i like the mango salsa they put on top,it has a hint of sweet from the mango and a kick from the jalapeno! yum!!
4	Came here for dinner and was pretty pleased. I had 2 of the veggie tacos which I thought were good, they come with lettuce, tomato and cheese standard and then the veggies vary. My husband had one fish and one veggie taco and was also pretty happy. We got the chips and queso to split. The chips are pretty standard and I don't think made in house but the queso was good, different than regular. Only bummer is that I didn't see any draft beer, only bottles.
4	My boyfriend says, "Phat Burrito is just a local Chipotle."1. There is nothing wrong with that2. It's better than that because, A. They have a salsa bar B. They also serve refried beans. I really like refried beans. C. Their salads come with a toasted tortilla, seriously the salads are great here D. They serve fish E. I'm sure other reasons too but this list should have sold you by now.
5	The bbq chicken burrito is hands down one of the best burritos in town! They have a salsa bar too with several varieties.
2	There isn't anything special about this place. The parking is limited & tight, very tight. The service was disappointing. I had never been there & didn't know what to order. The guy just stood there like he was annoyed. I asked what's on the burritos & he says just meat, rice & beans. I asked for fajita vegetables & he said we don't have those so I just ordered the chicken tacos. They don't come with sour cream, that's 50 cents extra. They were watery & very bland. Basically like something I could have easily cooked at home. My husband ordered the burrito & said the same, very bland & full of rice. He had to keep dumping salsa on each bite just for flavor. The booths are covered in duct tape to hide holes. Maybe it's supposed to be art? I can't understand what people like about this place. There are plenty of good burrito places out there.
3	Stopped here for lunch and had a steak burrito with queso. The queso was awesome, but the burrito was good - not great. I prefer building my own burrito at a Chipotle, but the queso and the salsa bar make this place a legitimate alternative. Not bad, but also not enough for me to crown them king of the burrito places.
3	Phat Burrito is a cool place to go to right next to Common Market.  The staff is always very friendly and the decor is perfect for this establishment.  Unfortunately, I find their food mediocre.  There just isn't a seasoning or anything special.  The queso is pretty good and has a little heat to it which I like. If you are in a rush and just want an ok burrito this is your place.
4	Can I say anything bad about phat burrito? No I can't. Nothing beats a bbq chicken burrito. The food is fresh and flavorful. The salsa bar has a great variety and the service is chill and laid back. Just found out they are serving breakfast now too. Only advice I have is try to avoid this place during peak hours. Other than that you're always in for a treat.
