4	So I stopped here after my less then stellar visit to church's chicken. I was in and out of the drive thru in literally two minutes. I know some people will say well that means nothing is fresh. Well it was hot and it was fast and it was Wendy's. I'm not looking for gourmet. I ordered 2   5 piece spicy nuggets and a new caesar wrap they have. My total was 3 bucks. The nuggets are spicy and the wrap was basically one of their chicken sandwiches cut in half and wrapped up with some lettuce and dressing. Not bad I suppose, and for 99 cents its better then any other places wrap I think. In fact, Wendy's has a HUGE value menu so if your into quick cheap eats, I'd definitely recommend it because I'm sure you can find something.
3	This Wendy doesn't stick out any more than other location, nor does it suck more than any other location. It's just in the middle.More often than not, they are very good with the their customer service. Only once was I served cold fries and had I not been through the drive thru, I would have went back and asked them to replace them. It's good fast food, at decent prices.
3	The front-line staff is always very friendly, but the service remains painfully slow.
1	I realize I am reviewing a fast-food eatery, but please hear me out because I wanted the world to know what I experienced at this particular location. This is kind of a public service announcement.Originally I wanted to go through the drive-thru, but my husband insisted we eat inside. Once inside I was overtaken by the smell of dog food. I'm not even kidding. Straight up folks. I couldn't think of what else the smell would be. I couldn't bring myself to eat here. I told my husband we were leaving immediately.I am not sure what makes that smell, but it does not belong in ANY place that is serving *human* food.
5	There's not too any Wendy's on this side of town so when I'm craving a Wendy's burger I'll go to this location.  It's like a previous helper said a lot of the locations are the same and the burgers taste the same as well.  I've been coming to this location for years on end.  Mainly through the drive through late at night.  I've eaten inside a few times and it was clean and the employees were nice and courteous.  It's pretty hard to mess up a salad unless they give you the wrong dressing that you ask you.  I'll definently go here in the future when I craving the Taste of Wendy's or one of their salads.  I love the fact that they stay open past midnight as well due to the fact that not many restaurants are open that late and serve fast food.
