1	What pieces of crap that work here. Nick is supposed to be a manager, he is more than a joke. As a matter of fact, in the midst of complaining, he's got the nerve to laugh! Greg, another one. What are these animals? Used car salesmen? Initially I called them to find out if a color cabinet I wanted was really going to be discontinued, or if another company was just trying to rush me into buying. When I originally called, someone answered and said all the salespeople were out of the office, but to email him the image of what I wanted and the quote I got because there was NO DOUBT they couldn't be beat. (RIGHT) I called back on Monday to find out if my image was received and Greg was trying to argue that the person I KNOW I had spoke to was off that day so it was impossible. Actually arguing back and forth with me telling me I was wrong. Anyhow, I just needed an answer to see if the cabinets were going to be discontinued. Whatever. He called me back and said that he was wrong (duh) and the guy who I spoke with was actually in the warehouse that day and I did speak to him. (No shi*t really?) Anyway, he said that the color I wanted really is going to be discontinued. He then told me to give him a little bit and he will get me a quote. I told him it would be easier if he had someone come out and measure because all I gave him was an auto cad drawing of someone else's design. He said he could figure it out base on the photo and if I liked the price he would send someone out to double check. However, he knew what I had. So I let him run with it. He calls me back the next day and tells me that it was almost 6k. I said that's impossible, how is it almost a thousand dollars more? And he said well you have 36 inch cabinets. I said no they are 30 inch cabinets. He said they look really tall to be 30 inch cabinets. So I said I work around the corner I will go home and measure them on my lunch break. So I did, I called him back and said they are 30 inches. I don't know what is wrong with this guy and his constant need for confirmation. He must have been abandoned as a child or something. He says ok, that will definitely change the price and he will call me back. So he calls me back AGAIN and tells me "forty-eight-eighty-eight" I said excuse me? he said $4,888. I said ok. That's only about $150 cheaper but I will come in anyway and I made an appointment for tomorrow (Saturday) at 10am. Now, my husband will be at work tomorrow, so he asked for a quote since he couldn't come. He emailed Greg yesterday, and finally got one today at 5pm. Now this $4,888 turned into $5,886. So naturally, I call and ask why is it a thousand dollars more than he quoted me? He said It was originally $6888 I said no it wasn't. Why would I even bother making an appointment if you were 2 grand more than another company? Then he said look I'm not going to argue with you here. And I said you're right. You're not and I hung up on him. Then I called back and decided to ask for the store manager. Another animal named Nick. I start complaining about how the attitude I got from Greg was disgusting and I don't know who he thinks he was talking to and it was an embarrassment that he represents Cardell, and I would be calling them. Then he starts to laugh and says are you finished yelling? Oh, I wasn't yelling. Believe me. I said you think I am a joke? I want the phone number to the owner of the company. Then he laughs again and said there is no owner of the company. So I replied is this is a joke to you? What is so funny? I will go out there and chew you up! Then I hear silence. He hangs up on me! Now I am really mad. I call back and ask for the owners name and he said ma'am I'm going to cal the cops you said you were going to shoot me up and hangs up again. What animals. Shoot you up. Well thank you for insulting my accent on top of that. These beasts are like used car salesmen or even worse... Time share consultants. Try to bring you in and trap you. Go elsewhere! 8 complaints from this store alone within a year from BBB, and a blank section on about us on their website. Yeah.. There is nothing about you. You're worthless.
1	The previous rant by Melissa is pretty much right on. I did not have the exact same experience but they lie right to your face. And Nick is a liar and pretends to be helpful until the sale is complete. So, I guess, I have good news and bad news. The objective assessment is that, "In these troubling times those businesses that are still in business must be quality businesses." So the good news is these are NO LONGER "troubling times." Our economy has recovered. The bad news? Businesses that provide crappy products or crappy customer service will be able to stay in business.
1	I have no idea who Gary is, and with 8 complaints (some which were probably never filed including my issue) it doesn't make you A+. I stand by my ACTUAL ENCOUNTER. Your store is scum and 2 filtered (sadly) comments prove it. The end.Never mind... Gareth "Gary" is Nick's father. Daddy to the rescue (@.@)
5	I have worked with Diamond Kitchen & Bath on not just one, but two different cabinetry projects in my home. They were both very custom, and completed beyond my expectations!!! I not only love my cabinets, but I love how easy & painless they made the process! Every associate I spoke with, met with, or had in my home to measure or install, treated me & my husband with the utmost respect. They were all so kind, friendly & helpful. Again, my projects were very custom, so every little decision was crucial. Nick was extremely accommodating & made "cabinetry terms" easy for us to understand! He communicated with us every step of the way & made sure I was getting exactly what I had pictured in my mind. He was great & made me feel like I was the only client he was working with! I also worked with Gary, who is the nicest man I've ever met! He makes you feel like family. When one of my cabinets had a small bow in the door, Nick & Gary did everything they could to correct the situation. They treated it as if the cabinets were in their own home. They covered all costs to fix the door, even when the manufacturer was no long in business & they had to figure something else out. If that doesn't speak volumes about this business, I don't know what will!  It's a true test to Diamond Kitchen & Bath that they survived the hard economic times. I honestly do not have one negative thing to say. Everything about Diamond Kitchen & Bath makes me want to start another project with them!!!! Amazing company!!!
1	Will was my salesman, and it was the worst experience of my life.  I understand there will be "snags", however there were way too many snags.  It was the worse customer service I have ever received, and actually I am still waiting for resolution on some things.  I started this process in April, and am still not done.  I will never recommend this store to anyone.
4	As a small design/build contractor, I had a satisfactory experience with this location...granted, I brought in measurements and drawings as I had designed the new layout myself. The price was right and my customer is thrilled with the product. Good low-cost, in-stock cabinet line - Glenwood Beech. I was able to pick up everything I needed from the warehouse near downtown Phx.  I installed the cabinets, Diamond K&B installed the laminate countertops, which was done well. I will likely do business with them again.
1	Ken(Kenny) was our salesperson.(location @4100N Grand Ave)WORST company/ salesperson we ever did business with.Would promise the moon, lie, used bait & switch tactics etc.Paid $7,500 down & was told cabinets, granite counter tops would be installed in 6 weeks. This started late FEB, finally done end of JUNE .Cabinets  are not near the quality as promised !Was notified in early MAY ,balance had to be paid in full, before cabinets unloaded from truck. I refused ! (we had paid for them to be installed also, plus granite counter tops would no be delivered for 2 more weeks.Several cabinets damaged, mirrors chipped, one cabinet  had wrong doors, one cabinet missing from shipment, etc.NEVER do business with this company !
