4	Incredible asian fusion, and an impressive sake list, if you like that sort of thing. Mmmmm... coconut-crusted mahi mahi.... Just start ordering and keep going until you are full.  But save room for the dessert sampler plate.
5	Who says the Midwest can't have tasty seafood?  Dim and intimate, Muramoto is easily one of my favorites places in Madison.  A varied menu with some fantastic Asian-inspired cuisine, this ain't your grandmother's Friday night fish fry.Update:  swing by on Sunday night to try the blind chef's tasting.  4 courses ending in dessert for $30.  Never disappointing.
5	Although I regularly miss Dog Eat Dog around noon every week day, I'm pleased that Muramoto replaced it and gave us a place to blow our cash on Sunday nights. The chef's tasting is key. And use the bathroom with the sink that makes you want to get out your GI Joes and Barbies and play in the bubbles all night.
5	I will never look at sushi the same way again!  I am a huge sushi addict, and this is above and beyond the best place to get your "fix" in Madison.  It even beats the places in DC that I've tried, and they do a cool new take on  rolls.  Everything was fantastic, my date and I ate 'til we were stuffed...then had dessert on top of that (a delicious creme brulee).  At $10 a roll, these are more than worth the price..they are huge and come with their own individual sauces...no wasabi or soy needed.  We had a saki flight...not my thing, but good to try once I guess.  Service was great and I love the atmosphere.  I can't wait to go back!
4	best meal i had since coming to Madison.(Been here 2 months) I would say that this place serves fusion Japanese Food. My recommendation is that this is the place to go with friends so that you can share dishes and try more stuff. Food quality is top notch and each dish really offers you a new experience. Only gripe about the place is that portions are SMALL and it's relatively pricey. expect to spend 20 plus per pax. A must try is their dessert sampler! Definitely going back : )
4	There were only a handful of rolls available at $10 each that are very fulfilling.  I would recommend the soft shell crab roll.  For some reason the Duck, Mango and Avocado roll made my stomach really queasy.  I didn't try the sake because it was a Monday night, but I would come back for the oyster shot!  A mixture of oyster, raw quail egg and spices it was something very unique!  I had two before my meal.  Slurrrrrp!
5	Awesome restaurant with a very unique atmosphere, menu selection, and great service.  It is very dark inside but that creates a very relaxed dinner setting. Unlike most Asian restaurants, the portions and selections are designed for sharing. Matter of fact it's encouraged. There were two of us, we had a bottle of wine, an appetizer, three other selections from the menu, and dessert with the total still under $75. That's a great deal on top of a great meal.
5	I like this place.  The food and the service is great.Sesame Crusted Big Eye Tuna with tahini sauce - I love it!  The sauce is so nutty and tasty and goes perfectly with the tuna and mixed greens.Rock Crab Croquettes - it's their version of crab cakes but they deep fry the croquettes (4) and they arrive at your table piping hot.  They're delicious! - reminds me of my beloved dungeness crabs back home.   Shrimp and Spicy Coconut Sauce with crushed peanuts - this is pretty good.  It's very similar to Thai food.Hangar Steak with bean salad in bleu cheese & miso dressing - both times I've had it it's been a little tough and very chewy.  The bean salad (scattered around the steak on a long rectangular plate) drenched in the dressing is quite good.DESSERTSWe ordered the Sample Platter.  I'm glad we did because we were able to try some really interesting desserts.  This Platter is perfect for two people.Yuzu (Japanese Citrus Fruit) Panna Cotta - a little more firm than normal panna cotta.  Didn't really taste the citrusy fruit.  But it was very good.  It kind of reminded me of a smoother version of cheesecake without the graham cracker crust.  It also had a drizzle of some berry compote.Strawberry Spring Roll w/Honey ginger ice cream - I really liked the spring roll.  It was nice and hot and I think there was some sweetened sticky rice in it as well.  I'm a big fan of ginger but for some reason I didn't like the ice cream.Honey Black Sesame Creme Brulee - this was not my favorite but it was interesting.  The creme wasn't super creamy but had a little texture to it.  The color of the creme was a dark charcoal grey and tasted like smokey sesame.  It's a clever idea but not something I would try again.Kabocha (Japanese pumpkin/squash) Cheesecake - pumpkiny cheesecake with cinnamon or nutmeg with maple syrup lining the plate was my favorite.
5	Grade: A-Be prepared to spend a buck but it is more than worth it. Raw, grilled, and fried pan-Asian dishes kick ass.
5	I am infatuated with my new love, Muramoto. At first, I was highly doubtful the state of Wisconsin could feature decent sushi but boy oh boy was I wrong. Mad props incredibly for the fact that they feature a deeeelicious Philly role with salmon and cream cheese. Heavenly! I enjoy the fact that they serve their edamame with big grains of salt to give it an extra kick. And last but certainly not least, I could drink a million of the Russian teas (a smooth mixture of kahlua and green tea vodka, which I have never tried or seen before this restaurant introduced me to it!) I end my Valentine to Muramoto with a shout out to its modern decor that made me feel like I was in big city again, and that it smells like fresh sushi on the inside, since most Japanese restaurants don't smell like anything! This is the first place of many in Madison that I have graced with 5 stars because I was that impressed!
5	ASIAN FUSION WITH INCREDIBLE SAKE MENU.All info I've seen says 'tapas style', but I will tell you - these plates are not too small, and quite filling. Their other spot cross town is an incredible sushi restaurant with everything under the sun. Here, only have a few rolls on the menu (and they are incredible), but that is not why you come. Come for the tasty, hot dishes, and for the sake flights.Every so often, you eat a meal that is soooo good, so perfect in almost every way, and the tastes are so unforgettable, that you want to get right up then and there, and do what I affectionately call, The Food Dance. This is food that makes your eyes roll back into your head with every bite, and leaves you wondering where the hell you have been eating all these years. This was, hands down, my saving grace in Madison. Presentation of the food is spectacular. Eating alone? Sit at the bar and stare at um-teen bottles of Japanese sake. Eating with a group? Even better, as the sushi rolls they do have there (soft-shell crab or avocado and mango roll w/ thin-sliced duck breast on top, drizzled with a duck reduction sauce, or a few others) are HUGE. Don't think California sushi, as each roll which costs $10 has about ten large slices, and you will find it hard to eat an entire one by yourself. These rolls would easily be double the price if this was in SF.  Look for Michael, the tall, bald-shaven, server/barman that knows everything about the menu, and can recommend many good sakes on the list. Try the sake flight (3 glasses) for a nice accompaniment to any meal. Now for the best part........you want small slices of some of the tastiest beef anywhere? Get the hangar steak. Not a large portion (meaning not a whole steak) but you get several slices of this beef, drizzled with a white miso-bleu cheese sauce that is to DIE FOR. Not a fan of bleu cheese? No worries, as the taste is made subtle by the combining with miso. But please, do yourself a favor - ORDER THIS DISH! Not a big beef fan? That's fine, as the Grilled Miso Black Cod is their signature dish. My suggestion? Start with some sake, and order yourself one sushi roll, and one hot dish. Take a few people, and everyone order a few different things, and share. And won't you be happy when you get out of there, after all this tasty food, and still you are not over the per diem. And if you are, maybe you shouldn't have had that third drink. Be advised - this place has a little wooden sign in the window, and it took me forever to find it. Do me one better, and take the address WITH YOU when you go!
2	Muramoto is what you come up with when going to a Sushi restaurant is a fashion statement instead of for good cuisine. While it certainly is a fashionable and a swank environment that initially looks like it is a well kept secret, the service and aura that is exuded by those employed there ruins that feeling. The wait staff are pompous and treat their patrons like empty Tupperware containers - Hardly worth the space that they are taking up. My questions about the menu were met with the condescension as if I should be ashamed for not knowing how the Duck and Avocado sushi roll was served. When I queried if there was a Chef special - as most sushi restaurants have, even this particular one has during lunch - I was answered with a curt, and rather rude response of 'We don't do anything like that.' Now perhaps I've become accustomed to the Americanized sushi restaurant where wait staff are friendly and are adapted to fielding questions about their menu, here if you are curious it is better to keep your mouth shut and avoid the weariness that your curiosity is met with.For the price of the meal, I expected a lot more in the areas of flavor and texture from the rolls that we had ordered. Notably was the fact that the rice was overcooked, the result of which lead to a roll that did not stay together and the work normally done by mastication was able to be accomplished by your tongue. If the rolls were prepared with high quality ingredients it was difficult to tell due to poor preparation of the rice. To Muramoto's credit, highlight of the meal was the Fried Calamari which was excellent. Lightly battered and fried until the rubbery texture of calamari was erased; then lightly coated with a sweet-Chili sauce over a bed of onions and slaw style cabbage. The flavor was wonderful and left a pleasant feeling of sweetness and heat as an aftertaste. Judging from this, if you do decide to dine at this restaurant I would suggest ordering more from their cooked entree's as their sushi selection and preparation is akin to the take out boxes you would find at Whole Foods (which after this I would prefer).So a less than marginal meal for 2 cost an outlandish $73 with tip (3 rolls, appetizer, and 2 glasses of sake) left me walking out of the restaurant feeling glad to get away from the condescension and terrible aura of the wait staff. I was very disappointed as I had heard that this was one of the better sushi restaurants in Madison, a fact I would entirely disagree with and would put Muramoto below Takara and Edo. The only reason someone would choose this restaurant over the latter two would be for fashion reasons. I was thoroughly disappointed with what I was expecting to be a high quality - high class establishment.-Manifold Man
5	I'm a little wary of Asian fusion restaurants, and I wasn't sure quite what to expect from Muramoto, but my dining partners (a chef and a personal chef) and I were thoroughly pleased with our light dinner on Saturday evening. We had two rolls, one eel and avocado and another tuna, avocado and some other stuff - both were fantastic. After seeing someone else with it, we also ordered the calamari with slaw and chili paste and, by far the best dish of the evening, the black miso seared cod. I've been remembering that cod all weekend, it was so good. There were a lot of other things on the menu that I wanted to try as well. Maybe another time.Actually, everything was really, really good. This was a place I would want to revisit if I lived in Madison. Although we didn't order anything off it, they did have a specials menu with at least three items, and the very extensive sake menu. Contrary to what one of the other reviewers said, I think it would be really hard for the average person to spend $100 alone unless you just stuffed yourself silly. We ordered five dishes total and two small bottles of sparking sake to share among three women and the bill was $85. Actually I couldn't quite believe how reasonable the bill was when it came. BTW, make reservations. We weren't in a hurry, so we went and had a drink and came back, but the dining area is quite small, so if you have more than two people you'll definitely want to call ahead on a weekend evening.
3	The dim-light decor is intimate and lovely. I also love their pretty extensive sake list. I must say that the food is good Japanese, but not too impressive. I'm Japanese, so I'm probably being too picky. My friend and I had some rolls (I forgot which one), the enormous cabbage salad, and pot cooked fish dish. The fish dish was the best thing I tasted in the evening. It kind of reminded me of my mom's cooking.I'd love to sit at the sushi counter next time :)
4	[NOTE:  this review is about Restaurant Muramoto, which used to be in the location currently occupied by Kushi Bar, but has since moved down the street 2 blocks.]In a handful of visits since it opened a few years ago, I've found Muramoto to have generally outstanding food and often less-than-ideal service.  IMO, the former more than makes up for the latter, which is at its worst just a bit slow and unconcerned.  (Once, for example, we were two dishes into our meal before our first round of drinks arrived.)But, ahh, the food.  This is probably the most creative food in Madison.  I describe it as pan-asian fusion in a tapas form factor.  There is some sushi, and some is even pretty good (I'm thinking of the signature duck mango avocado rolls).  That said, it's a mistake to think of Muramoto as a sushi place, though (there is a Muramoto sushi restaurant in the hilldale area ) -- my favorite dishes here have included the soy cod, a lamb curry, and a few amazing salads.  In my experience, the oft-changing menu contains little that isn't great -- an omnivore with an open-minded palate could safely close their eyes and just start pointing.Come with an appetite and prepare to spend a bit of change (dinner for 2 with drinks and dessert will exceed $100), and avoid the tables in the front near the door on cold days.
4	Yum. We had the slaw, the cod, the maki, the scallops...everything was delicious and complex without being annoyingly overdone. I would say, the meal was surprisingly reasonable: four "tapas" had the two of us full, and with a big Sapporo, it came to just over $50.My only gripes: I wish they had a full bar. Sake has never done it for me, and a martini with my meal would have sealed the deal. Also, they are open until 10pm, but on a Saturday night, they really started closing down the kitchen at 9:55pm, so don't consider this a late night dining spot.
5	Wholly hell. If you don't like this place there is something wrong with your mouth.Seriously. Its brill. Have the hanger steak. Have the halibut. Have the cod. Have a bottle of the Graves. Have a great time and an amazing meal with subtle, lovely flavors and amazing presentation.Skip the lame slaw.Yes, its small (quite yer damn whining you fat americans).Yes, its 'spensive (don't go everyday).But, hot-damn, its freakin' good.
5	Yep, I did it- 5 stars.After a few missed attempts at going to muramoto, we finally made it in.We tried some sake to start it off, and the Wakatake was superb- at the suggestion of the waiter. Next were the oyster/quail egg shots. What a nice melding of flavors. This was followed by the corn/lemongrass chowder- big disappointment, but I'll let it slide.On to the main courses- started with the tuna/mayo roll. This was a quite a big portion and really was a great sushi roll for those that like the bells and whistles. The hangar steak was tasty. The bleu cheese sauce was just perfect and made the steak that much better. Could have used just a tad more crust on the meat. Finally, we had the miso black cod. This is how fish should taste. It melted in your mouth, and was salty, but in a great way. TIP- go early or late (after 9) because they don't take reservations.
5	Like Leslie S. said Muramoto has a somewhat limited menu but what is on that menu is outstanding.  I adore places that encourage tapas style/family dining and Muramoto's portions are what some may describe as small.  (Two to share two entrees is just enough food.) Additionally I appreciate that food is brought out as it is done being prepared and does not suffer death under a heat lamp.For drinks I had Lychee Liquor and grapefruit juice which was mango-ey and so tasty. I'd consider coming back just for that concoction alone.  We ordered the Tuna with Wasabi Flying Roe, Shrimp in Spicy Coconut Sauce, and the Pan Seared Scallop. (which was the favorite dish)  All of our food embodied unique flavors, and were demonstrations of  "Asian fusion" done right.  Our server was incredibly helpful with questions, and prompt without seeming as if she was trying to rush us out the door.  Also prices were not that bad.  For 2 entrees, 1 roll, and drinks we exited the restaurant only about $60-ish poorer (including tip). I am definitely returning. I wish the restaurant was bigger and took reservations because I'd rent out the whole place for graduation.
5	Muramoto has moved into its new space and its all good (great space, expanded menu, same great staff)...but, I strangely miss the old space. Maybe some therapy for this reviewer.
3	Please note: Pricey, gourmet Restaurant Muramoto has moved down the street, and Kushi Muramoto has become a sort of "Izakaya" style place. Think Japanese Tapas. Reviews prior to November at this location should be thought as applying to it's new location, just down the street. I was not impressed by the food at Kushi. Your order will come out quickly, because almost everything is fried, fried, fried. The exception is the Donburi -- something yummy on rice. Our Eel Donburi was solid, and decently priced for $8... but if you're a Midwesterner with a healthy appetite like me, don't think this will make a meal. I also have a complaint about the drinks. My Cosmo was delicious -- and also standard Cosmo size and price ($7). However, because they make all their mixed drinks here with sake instead of vodka, what you're getting really packs much less of a punch than what you'd get elsewhere.The pluses are this: The atmosphere hasn't change since this was the pricey Muramoto, So it's a groovy low-lighting place to hang. Also, it's really reasonably priced. $4 drafts. $1.50-$2 things on a stick, $5.50-$8 for Donburi. So you can go out and feel like you're getting the "Muramoto Experience" without bleeding yourself dry.However, when they said "fried Snickers are our only dessert and they're only 2 for a dollar," I was so sick of panko fried tidbits, I said "no" without a moment or regret.
4	The food here is amazing.  Kushi is like Japanese tapas - all small plate dishes here.  I went here on a date and enjoyed everything we ordered.  It was pretty deserted on a Tuesday night, but I've seen more people there on the weekend.  The ambiance is loungy - and pretty dark, so it gives off a romantic vibe.  A bit expensive, but worth it.
3	I had my first visit since they turned into a tapas bar style spot. Got to say, they're still serving the best "imitation" of the real stuff - doesn't really fly by me. But if you like that kind of thing, I suppose it's ok. Depending on the bartenders, some drinks are so underwhelming that it made me feel unnecessarily girly.  Oh well. On the positive note, I think it is fun to try out many small plates. So 3 stars for the fun factors. The hype doesn't match the food, though.
2	Just to be clear, this is a review of the new 'tapas-style' Muramoto.  Ok, with that out of the way....The Space:  Just like the old Muramoto that was there, its a great space and feels like a 'big city' restaurant.  Dark, calm, cool, and the lighting is superb.  Great date place and it just feels sexy.The Food:  I wanted to like it, I really did.  We ordered a wide variety of small plates and not ONE of them was good.  In fact, even they even managed to blow bacon-wrapped figs stuffed with blue cheese.  Now thats not easy to screw up.  The plates ranged from merely ok to bad (octopus 'balls' were like fried croquettes with elastic bands in the middle).  The Drinks:  Drinks were good.  Good pours, good selection and the Japanese booze was interesting.  The Price:  Here's why Kushi Bar received an extra star.  The place is cheap for what it is, especially the drinks.So all in all, go for drinks, ambiance and to impress a date.  Maybe even order a small plate or two but don't expect it to taste as gourmet as it sounds on the menu...
4	Wandered in here looking for the restaurant and they told me to go down the street.  They have some food, but it's not the same as the full restaurant.  However, their shochu drinks are more extensive at this location, so I had a shochu shiso mojito.  It was okay--not my favorite, but not bad either.  Maybe I should have tried a drink that wasn't trying to be another drink.  Anyway, the place is really nice, the bartenders are really nice.  Well worth a visit.
4	I really love Kushi Bar, it's the kind of place that I wouldn't be embarrassed to take my old friends from Boston or New York to. The sweet potato fries are fantastic and the dipping sauce just adds fuel to my firey addiction to sriracha. For vegetarians, I recommend the house salad (kumquats!), kimchi tofu, mushrooms, curry veggie and rice bowl and wash it all down with the gin rickey.
