3	authentic? i couldn't say. better selection than new england offers? definitely. okay so maybe that's not a high compliment for a mexican grill in the heart of the southwest, but after a very long day of walking around I stopped in (lone woman too) was quickly seated and served so fast i actually told the waitress "don't worry there's no rush".  i got a green corn tamale which i've never had (and i do consider myself well traveled in the food world) and some really fresh chunky salsa that i downed in about a minute. refried beans and rice were very standard and not worth the extra money ($1.75 EACH) to add on to the $5 tamale, but what the hell. i've had hundreds of sopapillas in my life and i've never seen the type of sopapilla i was served for dessert, so i'm sort of at a loss for words on that. except of course that it could have used a lot more honey and powdered sugar. for me this was the best option in a neighborhood of uno's, hooters, and other generic american bar food. mi amigo's was just what i was looking for.
1	I was so proud of myself for finally getting around to cashing in the $5 coupon I received for running the 10K Turkey Trot last Thanksgiving, which Mi Amigo's sponsors, and I gotta tell ya, I really, really wish I hadn't. Bad food, worse service. The waitress was hot, though. Rude, but hot.I ordered the Shrimp & Scallop Enchiladas, which basically consisted of a couple stale tortillas covered with runny cheese, topped off with half a dozen miniature shrimps and scallops. Oh, and a small pile of cold beans and white (white, really?) rice. My date actually grimaced when they brought out the food - grimaced! - and said, "You're not really going to eat that, are you?"We were in a drinking mood and surely would have spent good money doing it, but after she brought the food, we never saw the hot waitress again - Ever! - and I actually had to get up and ask another, much less attractive waitress for the bill.Here's the best part - they took my $5 coupon but didn't apply it to the bill. A-holes.
2	The husband and I used to like coming to Mi Amigos when we first started dating b/c we would see a lot of movies, you know go on movie dates, these dates are pretty funny b/c you don't have to actually talk to your date for a good duration of the date-- it's so brilliant!   But this is also why "dinner and a movie" is so popular.  So we would have some dinners at Mi Amigo's until the frightful night.  The night we ate at Mi Amigos and I ordered the tamale for the first time (usually I stick with tacos at Mexican food restaurants and I just love tacos).  It was delicious and I enjoyed every last bit of that tamale.  We go to the movie, he drops me off at home, I go to bed and am up at 4am with the taste of tamales in my mouth.  I feel like I might have indigestion, but NO. NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO-- I had my very first date with food poisoning.  You know the drill on this so I won't go into detail.  I can't give the place one star b/c of all the other times we went and had 2-3 star  food and decent service.  So I gave 2 stars but told you all that I got food poisoning here.  It really should be 1.5 stars.  The  worst part is I can never eat another tamale again, ever.  .
3	Went with the wife and 3 other couples for a quick bite before the hardcore drinking last night. I must say, for a Friday night, and a group of 8, they got us right in and took really good care of us. Our waitress was really nice, they were quick, the food all came out at the same time and everyones was correct! Shouldn't be such a big deal to say that, but such are the times.  I got the carne asada and I couldn't tell you what everyone else got, but I know I saw some fish tacos, a burrito plate and some other stuff, most importantly, everyone seemed to like it. For anyone else that happened to be there last night- I apologize, we were that table- louder than everyone around us, but we're a nice group so back off! Anyway, I have not been the biggest fan of the AZ Center in the past, but this place totally did the job and set a good tone for the night!
4	LOVE the Big girl beer hereLOVE the table GuacamoleLOVE the pork toquittosThe SALSA good 2and then go to the movies or vice a versa
2	Let me start by saying that this struck me as a very white-washed mexican food restaurant. In other words, intended for the typical white American who is unfamiliar with quality mexican faire.I appreciated the provision of chips and salsa, and the gentleman who brought them was VERY considerate and kind to have brought individual salsa cups for each of the five of us.But it was like pulling teeth to get more.I ordered the pork taquitos from the appetizer menu. $6.25 for six cigarette sized items that were undoubtedly frozen ten minutes prior.The items that others at the table ordered appeared to be tasty, and one fellow patron literally cleared the plate.If I were in the area with out of town guests who wanted mexican, and they were not well versed in the faire, I'd take them here.Otherwise we'd go elsewhere.
4	All mexican restaurants need to be evaluated on two levels - how's the food and how's the margaritas.  And if the second one rates anything above 'fantastic', the rating on the former matters not. I should really end the review here and now by telling you that the margaritas at Mi Amigos were exsquisite.  We would have asked for to go cups and grabbed one for the road were such things permissable.Everything else about the place was good as well.  Not overly expensive, service was fine, the outdoor patio was nice - even if we were subjected to the oldies radio blaring from the Uno's patio next door. My shredded beef burro was a little dry and not spicy enough for my taste, but it was still more than servicable.  And let's be honest, no spice and stale tortillas couldn't keep me away from this place's tasty concoctions.  Viva la margarita!
3	Great service, ok food, average chips and salsa. FOOD The chips and salsa are very average. Large tortilla chips and a pretty mild salsa with huge tomatoes in it. I've had tacos, enchiladas, burritos and cheese quesos here. As pointed out in a previous review, the food here is very Americanized Mexican food. Everything is pretty bland and mild for Mexi-food. Bean and rice are your stereotypical refried bean and orange Mexi rice. The cheeses are a little greasy. SERVICE Our waitress was fantastic. She gets 5 stars. We had plenty of chips and salsa, and our drinks were never empty. She was friendly but not overly pushy. AMBIANCE If you're looking for quiet and romantic, don't come here. The restaurant is very open and the acoustics are awful. The decor is simple with Mexican flare, but not terribly gaudy. OVERALLGreat place for a quick downtown lunch if you don't mind Americanized Mexi-food that could be cheaper.
3	Last night we had a group of people so we hit Mi Amigo's in the Arizona Center since we were staying nearby. Most of the group are on limited funds, so we thought a pretty tasty chain would be ok. Now as I write this there are things that make me want to bump it to a four then other things that make me want to bump it down.Let's see... I wasn't sure what to order and everything looked just about average in terms of dishes, so I ended up with Chile Rellenos. I rarely ever get this, so I figured tonight would be the night. Our waitress took forever to come over at first and I felt like she wasn't completely with it. She may be bilingual and a little less with the English, so she was very very quiet. She got half our table drinks and then disappeared. Eventual she came back with the others, but she could've fit them all on one tray. A few more minutes and we had some tasty albeit boring looking chips. They were so large that they could only get so many in each bowl. The salsa was terrible. Completely bland with little taste. Mostly it was chunks of tomatoes and some juice. Boring. After way too long our food came. No silverware or anything, just the food. I ate most of my beans with a knife (it looked clean!) I found on my table. We asked for sourcream and silverware. She brought the sour cream but nada on the whole silverware thing. Eventually someone found me a fork (I think from a place setting behind me) and I dug in. Great Chile Relleno! very tasty, and I think the sourcream made it for me. At the end of the meal, the waitress did agree to split the check between each of us to her defense, but overall it was a very average experience like you'd expect from a white-washed pseudo Mexican chain.
5	Gotta give this place a 5 star rating for the food AND the staff. We've eaten at all their stores--even the ones they ill advisedly closed. All are superb. The food is just about the best--we like the pork taquitos. the green corn tomales, and the chili pablamos rellenos (not your grandmother's chilli rellenos). The wait staff and management make you feel like this is YOUR place. They used to make a fantastic queso fundido--encourage them, maybe they will restart.  Dos Equis prices during happy hour are worth the visit--goes great with the hot bean dip!Do it, you'll love it.
3	let me start by saying...any place that offers 77% off your meal, just for being born in the year 1977 is alright by me! that's right, last week was the 32nd year anniversary for the Restaurant, located around AZ, so they offered several super cheap deals on some great food! We were there on the day of the 77% discount and my seester and i ate like hogs for $12.50, of which $6.50 was my mango margarita (arriba arriba! so tasty) i had the cheese enchilada, chicken hard taco, tortilla soup and of course many a chip and salsa y creama (sour cream) the rice was delicious as always, the soup devine (the broth was made with red enchilada sauce). the chicken taco wasn't my favorite (sorry my ma makes the best) because of the ground chicken pattie type of thing that was fried in the tortilla shell. on the other hand, my sister said the chicken taco has been her favorite for the past 10 years that we've been eating there. oh yeah secrets out of the bag in this review....the salsa served here is the best hang over cure you can find in AZ, not sure why, and it might even be the chips, but they work wonders! so the manager said earlier in the week of the anniversary, the numero uno was the same price as the day the restaurant first opened, but we missed that day. next year they will do the same, but take my word and don't wait,  the food was still very reasonably priced for everyday meals, and the happy hour is a local secret, one that is packed with cheap tasty treats, refreshing drinks and the tastiest salsa served with light crispy chips, i could fill up on those alone (and believe me there have been many a time i have!) enjoy this rare authentic treasure hidden in a tourist mall (go figure).my only complaint is the lack of room in my stomach after that free basket of chips and the delicious salsa they pushed on me- which was actually very welcomed lol.
3	A co-worker and I found ourselves in downtown Phoenix trying to catch a view of President Obama leaving the Phoenix Convention Center after his speech to the VFW convention.  After just missing the president leaving, we wandered over to the Arizona Center and settled on Mi Amigo's for lunch.  The service was excellent. Our waitress was Rebeca. The food was so-so. There are a lot of Mexican restaurants in Phoenix, and this one doesn't top the list, but if you are in downtown Phoenix, and confined to that area, it's not bad.  Another Yelper complained about the salsa being weird, but if the standard salsa is not your choice, ask for the smooth hot salsa.  It's excellent!! You have to ask for it.
2	This place is ok if you are so starving you don't care what you eat. The chips and salsa are great, but everything else is pretty bland. I am a fan of tamales and I would definitely not order it again. They do make some pretty good chicken tacos, but you only receive 2 small tacos and its about $12... no thanks! I would prefer Taco Bell over Mi Amigos. The staff is very nice and the service is good, too bad the food does not match.
3	Pretty good food. Pop in here for a quick lunch or a quick dinner. I wouldn't plan on coming here for a nice dinner while on vacation, but after a long day of sightseeing, if you want to just sit down and get some Mexican and a few coronas without having to go back to the hotel and shower and get dressed up, this place will do. I think it's a bit more pricey then Sam's Place next door, but check the menus on line.
3	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):7 Food6 *Drinks*8 Service7 Atmosphere7 ValueA very average place.  That shouldn't be read as "bad" the way most people do, because I really liked the spinach and chili con carne enchiladas I had, but nothing makes this place stand out the way Sam's Cafe, Los Sombreros, Si Senor, or Macayos do.  It's standard fare, good for a meal, but not going to deliver any wows.
3	The service here is what gets it 3 stars.  However, the food itself is kind of mehh.  I had the chimichanga and it was slightly over fried.  It came with rice and beans, which were also slightly disappointing.The dessert was phenomenal, though.  Fried ice cream and flan.  The flan was amazing, the fried ice cream came in vanilla caramel chocolate and strawberry.  Very, very good.  The prices are also decent and again, the service is amazing.
5	Not only is Mi Amigo's located inside the same esplanade/plaza as my all-time favourite AMC theatres, but Mi Amigo's makes fast food seem like it takes forever.We got here right at noon. There was apparently a conference going on in Phoenix the same day because there were people everywhere wearing badges from different universities from all over the world. This place was PACKED. I could tell that the staff was not expecting this rush because they only had 3 servers and 1 bus boy and every table and chair in the house was taken.We were told we would have to wait 5 minutes for a table, but 30 seconds later we were walked right in. As I mentioned, the place was PACKED and every single one of the servers had a glow about them from running around like crazy. They were HUSTLIN' and they did an impeccable job. Because there were only about 3 servers on staff this day, each server was responsible for one third of the restaurant (and it is HUGE). Each of them was helping the other out; I saw them running one another's food, and clearing plates regardless of whose section it was.Our food arrived moments after we ordered it, and despite the fact that the restaurant was slammed, everyone was very pleasant. They made sure to smile in between their sprints to and from the kitchen.It was a wonderful experience dining at Mi Amigo's and we actually ended up going twice over the weekend because we enjoyed it so much.This place deserves mad props. It's quick, it's cheap (we paid $15 for 3 people's lunch) and it most definitely hits the spot.
5	Best salsa in Phoenix!  I love Mi Amigo's!  The salsa and chips are always fresh and there's always plenty of it on your table.  I tried almost everything and it's all good.  But my favorite is the chicken chimichanga or mini chimi platter - so delicious!
3	Not sure the food could be considered authentic. BUT, the carnitas yucitan were exactly what I wanted. They were very tasty with a perfect amount of spicy. Service was ok, and chips an salsa were average.
2	My friend and I stopped here for a light dinner before going to a movie at the AMC theater in the same plaza. Not sure why we picked this place. I think we just both realized we were kinda hungry after we'd already parked and walked in. Mi Amigo's was never really on my radar as a place to try. I'm more a fan of the hole-in-the-wall "real" mexican food place. This place kinda felt like a mexican-themed, or mexican-inspired restaurant but it lacked something... almost felt like a food court with table service. The food was fine. It wasn't bad. The service was fine. My friend had the shrimp and garlic platter, and enjoyed it. I had a small tortilla soup. We probably over-did it with the chips and salsa. And even those were just fine. I would have liked for someone to just leave a pitcher of water (no ice) on the table because it felt like an eternity between refills and each refill succeeded in mostly adding more ice to my glass. No bueno.No dessert, no drinks. Wasn't really feelin' it.I wouldn't say I'm jumping at the chance to eat here again. It's serviceable. If I find myself at the AZ Center and other people want to eat here, I will do my best to make suggestions to go elsewhere, but I won't encourage it. But I won't fight it if the majority rules.
2	I really don't have much to say about this place. I didn't hate it, but didn't love it. I do have to say that if you can get in before 6 PM to take advantage of their happy hour pricing, do it. The margarita's I ordered were okay, but not worth the $7.25 a piece I paid for them. I ordered the tortilla soup and the crispy shredded beef taco (a la carte). The soup was so-so. A little salty and way too many kernels of corn for my taste. Of course one kernel of corn is too many for me.  And for the tortillas, there was none in the soup. They gave me little crispy shreds to dump in. Eh....As for the taco. It was good, and the size was perfect for me. But one could argue that it wasn't big enough for the price you pay for it. Finally the service was okay. The waitress was very nice and attentive. The food did come out super quick. So yeah...that's about it.
1	went there for a working lunch with the marketing department. ordered a salad. started eating, it was okay- tasted like a crappy hooters chicken salad. THEN I NOTICED... a small pearly yellow orange bean looking thing in the salad. i poked it with my fork and then lifted it to my nose to smell it. IT WAS A CHEWED UP PEACH JELLY BELLY JELLYBEAN! IN MY SALAD! i was disgusted. told the waiter, showed it to him and he LAUGHED, as if that was a funny joke between buddies. can you picture the fat lady in the back mixing up my salad and a chewed up jellybean from her bag falls into my plate and she just keeps going or doesn't notice?!?! i had to actually request that the salad be taken off of my bill - they were still going to charge me for it.they offered nothing else, no manager came over to talk to me, nothing... as if it was just another customer complaint. lol NEVER GOING BACK THERE!
2	I started a new job and the bosses brought us here for lunch.  It was ok.  I got a lunch combo meal, but I didn't pay.The service was really great but the food was not.  Just kind of plain.  It's convenient to work, so I will probably be back, I just won't have very high expectations.
4	Went for lunch on a Thursday with some co-workers.One was from Florida the other Canada. They both really liked it. It was the third visit by one of them. My first.I ordered the Chili Rellano. A large Pablano pepper stuffed with chunks of chicken and typical fillings. It was dipped and fried in a panko bread crumb -like batter which I really liked compared to the "traditional" egg batter. It was thin and light. Great tasting to. Service was excellent. I was never left wanting for a refill of my tasty beverage and they kept the salsa and hot sauces full as well as the tortilla chips. The chips were good too. They were light and tasted fresh. Not the out-of-a-bag corn chips.I will be back.
2	I was attending a conference at a nearby hotel and wandered in for lunch one day. I had a chicken burrito that left me disappointed: cubes of white chicken meat in a watery green sauce that had little flavor and no heat, wrapped in a non-descript tortilla, with rice and beans.Service was good, price was reasonable, but the food wasn't even remotely interesting and that's a pity.
2	2.5/5 potentiali think they have good ideas. or maybe i ordered the wrong thing. i got this chicken parmesan type dish, only made mexican style. it came with a well cooked spaghetti in a bright cilantro pesto, the the chicken was sauced with chipotle rather than marinara. then it came with a small side salad and avocado. pretty decent, no?problem is the chicken wasn't well cooked, it was kinda burnt and dry, the pasta was a little too salty, etc. i also tried a taco and it was greasy and the shell was kinda stale. anyways, i think the ideas here are good, just need better execution.
2	Quick to be seated.  Good service.   Best food that I've had on this trip, but not so amazing that I have to come back.
3	I went here to grab lunch and a beer between classes. The service wasn't all that great. I don't think the waitress ever told me her name. I ordered the fish tacos and a tall beer. They start you off with chips and salsa. The chips were really good but the salsa could have been better. The fish tacos were just okay. They needed something more. The food came out quickly which was a plus. As others have mentioned, this place definitely has potential but needs a bit of work. I definitely will go back in the future during my lunch break.
3	Where this isn't the gourmet Mexican fiesta heaven you're probably just dying to try. It wasn't re-fried bean heck either. The atmosphere leaves a lot to be desired, it's very typical American Grill meets what it thinks Mexico should look like complete with booths and tacky wall colors.  But they will make semi-fresh guacamole at your table and bring you a mountain of chips that you can't refuse. They were also pretty knowledgeable about what was gluten free on their menu. Stay away from the yellow rice, but try the white, it's delicious.
3	Ventured off to Mi Amigo's with mi amigos for lunch today and had an A-OK pleasant experience. Big place, nice size menu and pretty decent speed on bringing the food out ( i was clock watching , since it was just a lunch break). Lunch prices are very reasonable. I had the veggie burrito. Very tasty and very filing. Zucchini, spinach, carrots,, peppers, rice etc.. loved the variety of the ingredients. Mi amigos enjoyed their dishes as well. ( yes you get free chips and salsa to start- i know you were thinking about it). They have happy hour 3-6 and indoor/outdoor seating as well. Overall..pretty average food....not bad and not the greatest. Will it stop the rumbling in yo' tummy without breaking your budget? Word.
2	Ok Mexican food.  Stopped in for lunch and ordered the number three which is a two taco and cheese enchilada plate. Food was ok, but nothing I would go back for.
4	Stopped here for lunch at 1:00 pm last Thursday with my hubby and was seated promptly. Being vertically challenged, I was pleased that the booth bench was high in relation to the table level, but it certainly could have had a lot more cushion.  We were brought drinks, had orders took, and tortilla chips brought promptly. I really liked the chips. They were paper thin, very crispy, and were glistening with fresh, hot, fryer oil. The pico de gallo type salsa also tasted very fresh and home-made, but it could have done better with a few less chopped onion chunks in it. Upon request, we were also brought a bowl of more picante salsa, which had the flavor of roasted red chilies. Nice.Our orders, both from the lunch menu, were also served quite quickly.  My husband had a cheese enchilada/chicken taco combo (~$6.25) which came with black beans (on request), rice, and a cabbage garnish. I didn't even see the taco since my husband devoured it so fast, but his enchilada was swimming in a mixture of cheese & red sauce which he said was pretty tasty. I had a chicken enchilada (~$6.75). There were nice chunks of breast in there that actually tasted like chicken, unlike some other mexican joints where the meats all have the same texture & flavor. The enchilada was drizzled with a nice green chili sauce. The spanish rice was a little bit nondescript, but was more edible than some other restaurants'.  Mine was also served with black beans as requested, and a cabbage garnish. There were also more big chunks of onion in the garnish. I'm not an onion hater, don't get me wrong, but I'm sure after this feast, nobody would want to be within four feet of me. If I was on lunch break from one of the nearby offices, I'd probably request they go easy on the onions, lest I offend my work-mates back at the office.Although I arrived with a huge appetite, I was stuffed after devouring everything on my plate. The service was very good. Our waitress was quite attentive and quick. The food was delicious. The prices were reasonable.  I'd go again.
4	If I worked closer I would go here every day for lunch!  Seriously!  The food is so flavorful & delicious.  When I worked closer I literally spent probably half my paycheck here for lunches.  That's how good it is.  Plus they have really good service at really decent prices. Wish I lived & worked closer so I could get my "mi amigos fix" every day again.
5	So good! It's hard to find good mexican food here in Arizona, I'm from California where it runs rampant, but they have delicious food. The staff is really helpful and nice, and don't harass you. The food is always quick, I proabably eat here 2-3 times a month. I moved here a year ago and they had the best "chicken en mole" enchilada which was seasonal, I can't wait for them to bring it back!. Outdoor seating in the ARizona center, I love to grab a beer and quick lunch then head over to the movies on my days off. I definately recommend it!
5	Mi Amigos is one of my favorite Mexican Food restaurants for two simple reasons. 1. I love the chips & salsa and 2. They have my all time favorite chile relleno.The Chips & SalsaMi Amigos gives you some of the largest chips I've come across.  They are little half tortillas that are crisp and simple.  The salsa is heavy on the cilantro, but its chunky with good flavor.  I'm all about the big chunks of tomato in my salsa.MY FAVORITE CHILE RELLENOI've been ordering this big beast of a relleno stuffed full of chicken for years.  The chicken inside is simply grilled chicken and its covered in some gooey cheese.  The pepper is a little bit random in heat - sometimes I sweat like a B while shoveling away, and sometimes it's rather mild. The batter they cook it in is different than most rellenos, its sort of crumby and dark, but delicious.  The sauce is some simple looking orange sauce with some sour cream in it - sorry, I can't cook so my skills in ingredient identification suck - I just know it's delicious!  My favorite.  I order it every time I'm there.I visit this Mi Amigos every time I'm in the area looking for food.  I can't remember the last Arizona Center place I ate at other than Mi Amigos.  I have to have the relleno any time I'm near.
4	The weather was muy caliente.  Mi padre y mi esposa were mucho thirsty and in need of cervezas frias! This place quenched our thirst and sated our hunger pangs as well with their grande chips y salsa which were muy delicioso! And it was happy hour to boot, which was good because our cervezas cost us fewer pesos! Muy bueno! I glanced at the menu, and it was overwhelmingly huge with lots to choose from.  But since our primary reason for stopping was to cool off on a hot Phoenix afternoon, we'll have to come back at a later date to try the food.
1	So this first experience started off with a huge cockroach in the bathroom. Almost couldn't even sit down to go. (yuck) ok on to the rest. The chips and salsa were good with a little bit of spice. The Numero 15 is a cheese enchilada with a chicken taco rice and beans. The only flavor at this restaurant was in the salsa. It was so bland. I don't know that it was worth the $3 parking validation we came for. My friend and I love Mexican so we picked it on our way elsewhere, my suggestion go elsewhere.
1	This may be the worst Mexican food I have ever tasted... I was starving and couldn't even finish it.  I got the sampler so I tasted everything, nothing was good:( so sad because they were nice.
4	Loved the food and drink! The nachos with muchaca under the appetizer menu was GINORMOUS, it was so much food between the two of us, we could not finish it. The blue type margaritas that are presently on special for $2 a piece, all day, are fantastic.Our server was super cool and on top of her game and for a total of four drinks and the increadibly large appitizer, we paid $27. How can you beat that?!
5	Wonderful food, service & atmosphere at a decent price.  I had the carnitas - the meat was perfectly moist, tender and just enough spice.  Hubby had a chicken burrito - it was thoroughly enjoyed.  House margarita topped the meal wonderfully.  Waitress was very attentive and friendly.  A group of 10 people came in and the staff made sure they were seated promptly.  Couldn't ask for better service.
3	If you are a tourist, this is not "authentic" az mexican food, but will hit the spot.  We usually get the lunch flauta plate.  Good Deal for A-OK Eats.
4	My wife and I love this place. Our go to for dinner and a movie, everything I've ever had here is delicious. Maybe it's partly the nostalgia for me as I grew up with Mi Amigo's in the east valley. Consistently great food at a decent price, can't complain about that.
3	The food was delivered fast and it wasn't bad.  Unfortunately, it wasn't what I ordered and the staff seemed more interested in getting things done quickly that correctly.
1	This place is an embarrassment to mexican restaurants. The food here is terrible! Here's what we ordered:Combo taco/enchilada / oily taco, diarrhea enchilada Green chilie burrito / the tortilla was plastic and the filling was gross.Taco salad / bunch of stuff with zero taste. Should have grazed in the planter.The beans and rice? Really? They couldn't even get that right. Under cooked bland rice and under cooked beans.This place sux!Beer is good.
2	After paying to park at the weak excuse of a mall that this place is located in we figured we might as well at least try to get our parking moneys worth so we stopped in and ordered up a couple margaritas to ease the pain of being bamboozled. I've definitely had better drinks and I've definitely had worse. Can't speak for the food here but I definitely wouldn't be running back for happy hour or any other hour for that matter to throw one back.
3	Honestly, this place isn't anything exceptionally special. I expected it to be a bit more upscale for the Arizona Center, but it reminded me of your run-of-the-mill Mexican places you can find everywhere. Now don't get me wrong, it was delicious for a lunchtime choice and I'm glad I went because it was tasty but I just wouldn't go back.For one, the salsa was very chunky. Chunky in a way that it was all tomato, cilantro, onions, etc. But the chips served with were interesting in the fact that they were always hot out of the oven and were long tomale-like shapes rather than poured out of a bag.I got the Lunch Special #18 and my friends got #20 and #22. Whichever is the chulopa, get that one! Mine was just an enchilada with rice and beans and although it was the cheaper option on the menu, it wasn't exciting. I would recommend this place is you're craving just some basic Mexican food and don't have a long lunch hour. I would ALSO suggest this place for HH. I didn't get to drink but they're specials looked bomb!
1	Heading to catch a flick at The Arizona Center. Decided to checked out Mi Amigo's. To start with, it took about 5 minutes before anyone bother to talk to us. Once we did get to order, we opted to share the tortilla soup and the chicken fajitas. The tortilla soup was really bad. It tasted like a mix of chili powder and salt. We ended up sending it back. The chicken fajitas were actually ok, but not great. The real downer was the service. Waitstaff appeared to be fairly apathetic about the place. Limited interested in actually taking our order, bringing out food, etc..Overall, there are much better choices. You should look elsewhere if you are hungry for Mexican food.
2	I've had their food before and it was very good and last night wasn't exactly an exception.  My issue is that my 8 year old had their chicken fingers, which I tried and were quite tasty.  After our meal my son stated he felt ill, and this morning woke up with a mild case of food poisoning.  I will be avoiding this place for the foreeable future.  This is unfortunate, as their enchiladas are delicious but I simply will not risk my son getting sick again.  Sorry Mi Amigos, your apparent lack of food preparation cleanliness has lost you customer.
3	Average food, convenient location and decent prices.  Good place for a quick bite or a casual dinner.
5	Wow! I headed to Mi Amigo's with a group of friends in search of amazing (and cheap) margaritas. What I found was a restaurant that serves up $2.50 margaritas (the "blue amigo") and has amazing food! You HAVE to try the Chile Relleno. Seriously. It was the best Mexican dish I've ever had! Definitely check this place out when in Phoenix!
1	Horrible and fake! This is by far the WORST Mexican food that I have ever experienced.At first glance I was disappointed by the menu, then the chips and salsa came. Chips, bland but texturally good. Salsa, canned, fake and simply unacceptable. This is the point where I should have ran for the exit.I reluctantly ordered an asada taco only to be asked "you mean a steak taco?" My second cue to run for the door. Then the food came. The beans are either freeze dried or frozen and oddly nutty. I perceive this at their very poor attempt to shine up a ball of fecal matter. The rice, meh, but edible. The asada or "steak" at this MEXICAN restaurant, a saucy mess.I'll spare you all the rest of this mess of a meal. Oh, my official Tip for this restaurant:If you must eat here, come for happy hour, have 8-10 of their margaritas then order something. Hopefully by this time you'll be too inebriated to know what you're eating.
1	One of the most disgusting restaurants I've ever eaten at. I was on a business trip in Phoenix on decided to stop in for some Mexican food. The place was bad news from the very beginning.The hostess was super unfriendly and looked as if she couldn't wait to get home. When I sat down at the table, a couple of bugs fell onto the table from the lamp shade overhead-- I should have gotten up then.The chips were greasy, margaritas straight sugar w/ very little liquor and the enchiladas bland as can be. In addition to this, I got food poisoning and was up all night running to the bathroom.You couldn't pay me to go back to this restaurant. It should be closed down immediately for its lack of cleanliness and poorly prepared food.
3	Not the best mexican food ever but not bad.  I had the ceviche tacos which were surprisingly full of shrimp and scallops for the price.  It's close by work so can't complain.  But if you want authenticity, not the place. But still good.
3	*This is really a 2.5 star restaurant but it gets the benefit of the doubt for being the only Mexican restaurant in reasonable walking distance from my work downtown, can't believe there aren't more Mexican restaurants centered downtown*I have only eaten here for lunch - they have decent chips and salsa (mix the regular salsa with their separate hot sauce salsa) and their lunch prices are probably average...slightly on the high side for Mexican lunch, in my opinion.They have a blue margarita for $2.50...it's pretty sweet (not my favorite), but good value for a drink.  Service is usually good, typically they are attentive with drinks, chips, and bringing the bill.  If you remember the Matador downtown, this is a step down in all aspects of a resaurant except for maybe speed of service where it's a tie.All in all - this is Phoenix, AZ.  You should not settle for mediocre Mexican food at above average prices, but for lack of options, this is an acceptable option.
3	I had the fish taco platter.  It was good and had both green and purple cabbage.  The tacos came with white rice and black beans (which I love).  I found the salsa hotter than I expected.  The tea was fresh and cold.  The only thing I would have improved is to have more flavorful fish.  It was a bit bland.  Overall an A-OK place to eat.
4	I went a few weeks ago during Phoenix Comic Con.  It was far enough away to not be swarmed with people.  We were really hungry so the free chips and salsa brought out was nice.  I got the chicken chimichanga plate.  It was okay.  It was fulfilling and plenty of food.   The price is similar to what you get other places downtown.   The server bumped this rating from 3 stars to 4 stars.  She was pleasant and efficient.  I appreciated that she brought out the checks quickly because we want to get back to our event.
4	We had a large (20 or so) group go to Mi Amigo's before a Rattler's game. They knew we were coming and assigned us a very competent server. There were probably 12 different checks and some moving around of people and Laura handled it all perfectly.Three of us at my table tried items off the $2.50 Happy Hour menu. The beef taco and cheese enchilada were a sweet deal at $5. Really nice flavor on the enchilada sauce. The folks who ordered the guacamole (prepared at your table) also enjoyed their food.Finally, $2.95 for a bottle of Dos Equis Amber is a good deal but $2.95 for the big glass is a great deal!
3	I ate here twice during my stay in Phoenix last week and I can't say too many bad things about it. Prices were decent, food had flavor and it filled me up. Was it the best Mexican food I've ever had? Absolutely not, however it definitely wasn't nasty! The service was A-OK and the food hit the spot. I would definitely go back again.
2	Somewhat slow service and the food was only so-so.
3	Your basic Mexican restaurant.  Frankly, it would be a disappointment as a destination in and of itself, but it is a nice alternative for downtown Phoenix business luncheons or meeting friends before a Diamondback/Suns game. It would also work well for parents of the burgeoning number of ASU students downtown. You could meet junior at the Arizona Center without having to embarrass him/her with your presence on campus. The restaurant has ample seating capacity for when events nearby bring in the crowds.  Seating outside is limited.  Service on this Saturday was slow, which seems to be a common occurrence. Chips and salsa were served promptly.  The chips are of the light white corn variety, but suffer from a stale mass produced quality.  The salsa was good, but our table requested an alternative sauce with a bit more zest.  It was much tastier and had almost an enchilada sauce quality.  Food served was uniformly consistent.  Not spectacular, but nothing to complain about.  We had an assortment of tacos and enchiladas.  The happiest diners at our table were the two youngsters who ordered cheese crisps from the kid's menu.Not a Mexican restaurant to get excited about given the many alternatives around Phoenix, but a decent offering with lots of seating capacity in an area where restaurants tend to have no customers or too many to handle.
2	Nothing special. Considering the competition amongst Mexican food joints in the Phoenix area, there are plenty of more appealing options available.  Wait staff was great, though...
2	The ice tea was good.. So fake. Food was bland and dry and no thought processes. Waitress didn't even ask how my food was. Because she knew it sucked. Oh one other thing about the menu. For lunch 1 taco with rice and beans $5.95. regular menu  2 tacos, rice and beans $8.95????
5	Wonderful food! Excellent service! Great lunchtime atmosphere!
2	Nasty margarita and awful service. Came in on a Thursday night before a movie and it was not good. Maybe it's because we sat at the bar? I'm not sure, but no one wanted to help us. The house margarita was so gross, couldn't drink it. This place is like the Chili's of mexican food.
3	Don't eat the fish tacos, my wife was up all night with intestinal distress. We told the waitress they tasted fishey. She assured us it was the highest quality Mahi Mahi. Rice and beans are average. I had the carnie asaida, it was good. It was a piece of beef 9"by 6" and 1/4" thick, rice and beans. Nothing special.
2	Interesting place. Wanted a quick bite to eat before heading to the movies. Was seated pretty quickly. No muss no fuss I presume.I had the tortilla soup and the grilled chicken tacos. Everything was just meh. Not truly flavorful, nothing truly distinct. I had hoped for more, but I came up kind of short. The waiter was super sweet and attentive, so I did appreciate that!Would I be back.. probably not.
2	If you're on a budget this place is probably 4 star however it's not for me. It's very bland- not something I'd expect from a Mexican restaurant.
4	Wonderful place to eat. Very busy, we sat at the bar and the waitress took care of all six is and handled tables. Great service and wonderfully priced lunch menu. Very much worth the visit!
2	It's food isn't as the waitperson. She super at explaining some of the dishes, my daughter didn't know.   She was prompt at with refilling our ice tea, but not hovering.  3 stars for her, 1star for the food.
2	It was OK. A Mexican restaurant without con queso is crazy! Food was average at best. Service was good and the strawberry margarita was good but the food was not impressive.
2	Place kind of reminds me of a bigger version of Taco Bell. Rice is too bland and the beans are ok. I did order the Sonora carnitas and they did have a nice flavor. It seemed it needed to be cooked more and needed a little more seasoning.  The service was good and the prices are reasonable. This place has potential. But it's not there yet.
3	I thought the food was excellent, unfortunately the service was not.  For our business lunch, the four of us waited loooooooooooooong periods, first to order, then for the food to arrive, then even to pay our bill.  And even though the bill was a simple "divide total by four", one member of our group got exactly twice her fourth...so the total didn't add up.  More waiting.  The waitress was nice enough when we saw her, but made no effort to apologize for their foibles.But back to the food.  The salsa was outstanding...my seafood enchiladas were suberb.  Because of the quality of the meal, I'm willing to give them another chance and hope that my first experience was just an aberration.
4	I really like this place and have been here eons apart on a few occasions, most recently this past weekend. The staff is friendly and quick. The food is delish, with just the right portions (big but not insanely huge) The blue margarita was good if a bit sour. I am usually not one to eat chips and salsa, but theirs is really good and I devoured it all. The restroom was clean and tidy.
1	Visited this place right after checking in to the hotel right across the street for a conference. I was STARVING! A co-worker and I love Mexican food, so we decided to give this place a shot. We were greeted by a hostess, showed to our table, and not long after, the waitress came and got our drink and food order. We had to ask twice for chips and salsa. Salsa was a bit chunky...more like pico, and I don't care for chunks of tomato, so that turned me off. I ordered the chicken deep fried tacos. I really wasn't impressed. No flavor. The tortilla wasn't crispy enough. Not a good meat to veggie to tortilla ratio. Rice and beans were good though. Our flight had been delayed and it was pretty late, so when we were ready for our check, our waitress was no where to be found. I'm not sure that I'll ever try this place again if I'm ever back this way...
3	This isn't the best Mexican food I've had but it was ok with me. The restaurant is located in Arizona Center making it convinient to downtown and the sporting events. Happy Hour is from 3-6 during the week with decent deals, but the drinks are more akin to the taste of quarter drinks. Portion size is good however and thr service didn't disappoint.
3	Good prices for happy hour, appetizers and drinks.  Service is average, food is average as well.  Good spot if just want something to eat and you are in the area.
4	Chips and Salsa were decent. The GrilledFish Tacos were really excellent. Price was reasonable.
2	Went here just before a movie. The service was fast but that's it. I ordered the mango and shrimp quesadilla. My friend ordered nachos. The food was not good. I and my friend could not finish our food and we had stomach aches immediately after.
2	Once again, I ordered carne asada expecting the meat to be flavorful, well seasoned and cooked to perfection.  Once again, it was a chewy, mediocre seasoned piece of meat. I hedged my bet and order a couple of enchiladas ala carte.  At least those were tasty.Service was kind of roller coastery.  The server took my drink order immediately and gave me a few minutes to peruse the menu.  Food came relatively promptly.When she brought the bill, well she decided it was time to do a deep cleaning of the bar area while I sat and played solitaire on my phone.  Finally she came by only because she was dropping an order off at the table behind me.The place was 3/4 empty, but I can attribute this to being 8pm on a Sunday night in downtown Phoenix.  In fact most of the mall was deserted and restaurants closed.I end with one suggestion.  Lower the freekin light that is hanging over the table.  Nothing worse that having to catch the glint of a halogen bulb burning your eyes while you eat.
2	I'm not a fan of mexican restaurants that have crappy salsa and chips. Sorry, it's just a standard by which I live by. The chips were nothing special and did not taste freshly made (closer to store bought which wouldn't be a surprise). The salsa was 95% water which is a bummer. We had to ask for extra because there wasn't much substance. I ordered the sampler platter dish which came with a little bit of everything. The taquitos were yummy, but that was about it. I smothered most things with guacamole to make it edible and left about half the plate. My friend had the tacos and seemed just fine with them.The service was awesome until we were looking for the check to leave. Then we had a hard time finding our waiter. If you like Taco Del Mar you'll be satisfied, however I expected a LOT more out of a mexican restaurant in Phoenix.
1	My boyfriend and I ended up getting food poisoning!  I was extremely disappointed, because the location is near our condo and the staff was so friendly!  I think we are going to the emergency room!
5	Sorry, previous review was for the wrong store. This one is great.
2	I've been expecting this place to get better whenever I go there, but each time has brought a bad experience. The first time, I had a horribly rude waitress and slow service. The food was mediocre. The second time, I had a great meal with the enchiladas and good service, but my significant other had to ask to take the food back once, and almost a second time, too! For a Mexican food place in the middle of Phoenix, one would expect authentic and flavorful cuisine,  but this place is far from it and overpriced to add.
2	Not my first choice for Mexican food by far but when I have mo choice so be it. The staff is ehh and not that friendly or fast. The only thing I will eat here is the rolled tacos, everything else I've had is not up to my Mexican food standards by a long shot.
1	Don't recommend this place at all. Pick a different place unless you are just going for their happy hour deals which are extremely cheap! Felt that this was very generic. Go to another place.
1	Hours listed on Yelp last night shows Mi Amigos closed at 11pm. A group of us ,driving 4 separate cars parked and paid for parking at the Arizona Center. We arrived around 10:25pm and were all told they were closed. When we told them about the hours, they said it was for a different location.  The food here is just gringo Mexican anyways and service is sub standard but they listed they were opened and others showed closed. I won't  be going back.
5	Very pleasant surprise! They use lard for only a couple of items and you can get them without lard. The salsa and veggies were bomb. The tortilla my burrito was wrapped in was fresh and wad easily cut through. Our server was attentive, quick, and appeared happy. I couldn't leave this place without yelping. From this experience, I think it deserves it.
5	Great Mexican Food & Service is Amazing.  Also Clean. Loved it that I came 2 days in a row.
5	Great place and tasty food. The staff are really nice and friendly. The place is great. Don't forget to try the Flan Clasico.
