4	Hummus HeavenToday's edition of the Waunakee Yelp Chronicles finds a rare shining star in the otherwise dismal Waunakee dining universe .  After spending three long days on the road, I came home tired, hungry and in no mood to cook.  Not wanting to journey into Madison, I finally decided to try Bunky's Catering in neighboring Westport.  HOLEE CRAP, what took me so long to give this place a shot!?!  It was hand's down the best dining experience I ever had in the 53597, an oasis in a vast culinary desert.Even though I planned on ordering the fish fry, I decided to go with the the falafel platter.  On its own it was a little dry.  However, when I added the tahini sauce and the wonderful hummus that came with the dish, it swept me off my feet.  I'm generally not a huge fan of Mediterranean cuisine, but the hummus was sublime The texture combination of the crunchy falafel with the ultra creamy humus was pure heaven.The dish came with a choice of soup or salad. I opted for the chicken dumpling soup and I was blown away by how much flavor the chef packed into that tiny cup. Every element of the soup was in harmony with the other, from the flavorful broth to the slightly chewy dumplings and the wonderfully moist chunks of chicken.  I tend to be a pretty harsh food critic, but there were no flaws in this soup.  These folks have turned soup making into an art form.My wife ordered the chicken kabob plate that came with basmati rice, fresh homemade yogurt sauce, grilled vegetables and more of that creamy dreamy hummus.  This is a go to dish.  The chicken was moist, flavorful and had perfect grill marks.  I LOVED the yogurt sauce with the chicken.  My only regret was there was not enough of the yogurt sauce to go around.  When I ran out of yogurt sauce, I started dipping the chicken in the hummus and the ecstasy continued.  After I complete this review, I'm changing my Yelp profile to state that my last meal will be the chicken kabob platter from Bunky's.If the food wasn't enough, the woman working the counter was an absolute peach.  Even though I was visiting the restaurant or the first time, by the time I left with my carryout order, I felt like we were old friends.  I want to return next week just to find out if she was able to find antiques she was hoping to locate this weekend.I do want to share that this is primarily a catering and carry-out outpost for Bunky's.  There are only are a couple tables for dine-in customers.I'm ecstatic to have Bunky's as a part of the Waunakee dining scene (OK, it's technically in the town of Westport, but it sports the 53597 zip code, so I'm declaring you King of the Waunakee restaurants until further notice).
4	Great food, great service, at a good price. Tomato bisque was excellent, topped with homemade cruttons and shredded cheese. Also had a chicken shawarma, that was also tasty.
5	Bunky's has catered multiple times for our company and the food and service has always been exceptional. The staff is so friendly and work with you to make your event great. All the food is great and I think they have the best rice ever! Great place if you have a mixture of meat eaters, vegetarians and vegans, everyone will be pleased.
