4	Whether shopping, going out to eat, or seeing a movie at Desert Ridge, if you feel your sweet tooth aching look no further than Cold Stone Creamery. Cold Stone offers several different base flavors and leaves the mix-ins to you. Let your creativity take over, and make yourself a customized tasty treat. Although a little pricey, Cold Stone is definitely worth it. The shop is very cramped so take your treat outside and enjoy it by the fountain or bring it shopping with you in The District!Listed below are some my favorite creations. Don't worry if you need some help with your creative juices because Cold Stone has a huge list of delicious creations to try. 1. Cake Batter Ice Cream with Rainbow SprinklesWhoever invented this ice cream flavor is seriously my hero! If you are like me and like to sneak tastes of raw cake batter then this ice cream is for you too! This ice cream was so popular it is now available in a healthier light version, so let yourself splurge!2. Cheesecake Ice Cream with Graham Crackers and Fresh FruitSo I have an obsession with cake flavored ice cream! This ice cream tastes just like cheesecake without the heaviness! 3. Pumpkin Ice Cream (seasonal) with ButterfingersSounds crazy I know, but my boyfriend thought of this crazy concoction and it was delicious!
4	What's not to love?  You want plain ice cream?  They got that.  You want your weirdest mix of ice cream and toppings, made for you so you don't have to do dishes?  They got that in spades.   Who doesn't love ice cream?  Okay, you lactose-intolerants... they have sorbets and yogurts.  It's a welcome addition to the Desert Ridge Marketplace.   This particular location is in front of the water feature and the outdoor fireplace.  Minus 1 star because it's a little pricey for my taste.
4	We love this place! You get to pick your own ice cream and all your mix ins and they mix it all up right in front of you on a cold marble slab!My FAV: Sweet Cream ice scream with strawberries! It tayste like an old time strawberry festival in your mouth!Prices: High, but worth every bite!!!
3	Out on a walk and had to get some ice cream. Only bad part about this place was amount of employees. There were two there, but only one serving on a Saturday afternoon. Line was long but the girl did a great job trying to serve and ring up the prices. Need to fix this management.
