3	Popped in here for lunch last week to try it out.  It is located in the Overstreet by the new Walgreens and the little Starbucks.  Very chic and cool - high top tables and low tables with cool chairs.  It is a fun place to sit and watch the busy bankers power-walking through the Overstreet.I had the miso soup and a spicy tuna roll (with cream cheese extra 50 cents).  Both were very good.   The miso was a large portion and came out hot.  It came out in a plastic container (even though I was dining in) so it made the experience a little less fab.  Maybe they expect since the portion is large you will want to take it with you?  I am not sure.  But if you don't finish your soup and don't want to take it with you then you feel a little weird about putting the soup in the recycle container bin still half full.The roll was great and fresh- you get what you pay for here.  They also have brown rice as a nice option.  Our rolls were so big though we had to cut them to eat them - the next time I go I will ask for smaller pieces.  But everything tasted just fine.  Thanks guys!!
2	Ordered the Forest Gump, because it said it had no vegetables. But I've learned my lesson before, so I asked the cashier - does this have vegetables on/in it? He said no. I ordered and get my roll and guess what? Vegetables. I bring it back - he seemed surprised and asked himself why the roll maker would have done that - it doesn't come with that? He offered me a free soup, which I took. The roll itself was big. But for $12 I guess it has to be. I ended up scraping a lot of the stuff stacked up on top of the roll off and just eating the roll part, but the taste was just bland. The soup was even less tasteful. i was hoping for a good sushi roll. I feel like I got it from a gas station.
1	Less than impressed.  I love sushi and have tried most decent places in Charlotte.   I ordered to-go a "green salad" and a salmon/avocado roll. Two problems with my visit, the salad and the roll. I got back to my desk - and the salad looked great on top - but underneath the first layer were clearly half rotten leaves and about half of it was cucumber and onion.  The avocado on top had clear rotten spots.  I had to remove the rotten leaves and avocado spots before eating.  The lettuce was mushy and not green.  Also, most other similar places offer some type of ginger dressing or soy dressing - but they only options were Caesar, ranch, and balsamic vinaigrette with a generic label.  Secondly, I've had a lot of sushi over my life - and I have never had a roll with a noticeable bone included with the fish.  I know fish have bones, but I've never had one poking around the inside of my mouth.  Both items I ordered were less than par - and the meal was $12.  I do not mind paying that much for a delicious roll/salad combo - but I was very disappointed with the quality.  I don't think I'll be going back.
2	Based on the location, and a lover of sushi, I had to check it out.  I ordered the miso soup, which was good..and warm, and the sushi deluxe, which was 6 pieces of nigiri and a tuna roll.  All I will say is I paid for a pile of rice. There was so much rice, with small to decent sized fish, not too great. Lunch for $20, that wasn't that great, definitely wasn't worth it. I'll stick to my other uptown sushi spots.
4	Sorry to see 1-3 star reviews here. I have gotten takeout from here three times and have enjoyed the rolls I ordered each time. The rolls I got included tuna and avocado and they couldn't have been any fresher. I now go here for all my takeout sushi when uptown.
4	I have passed by this place many times and finally decided to try it today, as there is a Groupon out. I ordered the Philadelphia roll and the Dazed & Confused roll. I have to say that each of the were fresh, nicely displayed and tasted great. The Philadelphia is your standard roll but the salmon & cream cheese were fresh and the roll was a good size. The Dazed & Confused was a monster roll and tasted excellent! I recommend this place for the food for sure. The prices of the specialty rolls are a tad on the high side for lunch, but if they are all the size of the Dazed & Confused, then 1 roll should be more than enough.
1	I get it that this is basically mall sushi- but my To Go order had gone off and they refused a refund. But honestly, even the pieces that I are up to finding the one I had to spit out, weren't good. I hate leaving such bad reviews but any place that won't refund for sushi that has gone off? Sorry.
2	The only reason this place gets 2 stars is because of location! Great location and they really could make a ton of money during lunch......too bad their food is awful!Been here twice and was super disappointed both times! I am not a sushi snob nor do I rarely write bad reviews. The most recent time, I got their pre-made sushi roll (it was a half spicy tuna half philly....though, they tasted the same so I dont know what was what) and a side salad. The rolls were like 70% cucumber, both of them!!! I am not a huge cucumber fan......though, I dont mind some. I ended up picking out the cucumbers, which basically left me with nasty tasting rice. Fail. Usually sushi comes with cuke and I'm ok with that but these rolls were silly. Maybe they were low on fish for the day! The salad looked fine but after taking a bite, it was wilted and browing. Plus, they gave me some weird white sauce. I had asked for ginger thinking that was a norm for sushi places and the guy said no problem. No clue what the white sauce was but it was pretty gross. Threw all of it a way......all $14 of my lunch! I have never been the girl to throw food away, but there is always a first time for everything!Until some one tells me their food has changed or they go out of business, I will not return. There are WAY too many other restaurants in uptown that compete for lunch business. I hate leaving a bad review, but I'm just speaking the truth.
1	Onoki has left the building! Shut down.
1	Onoki is Closed! Earlier this week there was a sign indicating will be back soon, under new management. Anxious to see what is to come, since Onoki was very disappointing.
