5	Is it a restaurant is it a Deli? Not sure one thing I am sure of the ham is winner winner pork's for dinner. I like to go and get slices for sammies during the week. The croissants there are really tasty. Put the ham on the croissant omg there's a party in your mouth. DelishIf you have never had Honey Baked Ham you aint had ham dang this is good stuff!
4	Just as a quick reminder, Honey Baked Ham (Glendale) only delivers for orders over 50$.
4	Sometimes you visit a place just knowing you will regret your decision.  At least 10 years ago and probably closer to 15 I picked up ham sandwiches to go here.  I did not care for either the sandwiches or the value and just never went back.  This was at a time when Honey Baked Ham company was first trying to find something to sell the 8 months of the year folks were not buying what many, including me, view as over priced meats for holidays.Fast forward to today and I decided to take advantage of a coupon I found on line for a complete lunch for $6 (normally $8-9).  First impression on entering the deli/store that was remodeled about 5 years ago was very good.  The place is inviting and spotless, with racks and coolers with stuff for sale and an eating area off to one side.  The eating areas has about a dozen 2 tops that can be chained to fit larger parties.The sandwich I chose was delicious.  They have about 20 to chose from and they can be modified to some extent.  I opted for the additional cost garden salad which the corporate programmed cash registers would not allow for the special pricing but they made it work.  The salad ($2.27) is actually a field greens mix and the croutons and dressing were served on the side (bonus points).  If you are eating in the lunch is served on real plates with real silverware, I thought this was amazing for a place that sells so much stuff to go in plastic containers.Service is order at the counter and they bring it to you.  Serve yourself drinks.  Two different people came by while I was eating to make sure I was not in need of anything.After my meal I explored the racks of stuff for sale and found packages of bean soups to make, various mustard/mayo/dressing containers and other stuff including preserves that were made without HFCS.  I purchased some delicious peach preserves that at $4,69 were in the right price range for what they were.During the off season you can get coupons for stuff on line and I intend to take advantage of them.  This is now an addition to my lunch rotation as even at normal prices I consider them a good value.
5	Best ham ever I will only serve this for my holiday dinner.
1	I ordered a quarter boneless ham and got a small cylinder like deli style cheap thing with brown sugar on it. Not at all like the quality I would expect and it cost over $17.00. Unfortunately I cannot find my receipt - it was in the bag. I should have just not taken it because it did not even look like what I would expect but my son from out of town was on the way to my house. So I just want to let people know their quality is not what it used to be. It is just deli meat rolled in sugar. Their potato salad was a joke too for the money charged.
5	I went early to avoid the crowds and I'm glad I did. They were already busy, but have a great system to direct the flow of traffic. They even have Sheriff's Deputies on duty? Really? Does ham really need a Police presence? Anyway, good food, free samples and staff was numerous and helpful. THANKS HBHCo!
2	Not a good experience from the beginning.  Tried to use a gift card and the website would not take it.  I was told I would have to use my own credit card then send the bill along with my gift card in order to get reimbursed.  Wow! Then when the pork roast I ordered arrived and I made it for Labor Day company....it was tough and tasteless.  Never again.
1	Horrible customer service.   Only customer in store ready to check out another customer walks in cashier decides to help new customer instead of checking me out.  Tells clerk waiting on me they have to wait mind you the new customer has not made up her mind.  10 min later they can check me out.  No sense of what customer service is. Asked to speak to manager she never came out of her office.
