5	LOVE working with this company.  My husband and I have quite a few rental properties as well as residential property "flips" and work with Carpet World at least once every couple weeks.  They take the time to do things right, they fit us in the schedule last minute all the time, and if there are ever issues (rare)- they are quick to make things right.  They are very honest- once we paid them twice for the same check and right away they called to write us a refund!  Great quality carpet, professional installers.  Highly recommend!
1	Here's my bad experience with Carpet World:I called to get a quote on a carpet repair I needed in my master bedroom.  I spoke to a guy named Jogi that was very knowledgeable on the phone.  He was able to schedule me in the next morning (8am) for someone to come out and give me an estimate on the job I needed done.  8am the next morning, No one had shown up so I called at 8:15 and spoke to Jogi.  Jogi had told me that he did not confirm with the person  scheduled to do my estimate and said that he is probably sleeping.  Jogi told me that he would give him a call and give me a call back.  After waiting for 2 hours, no one has shown up nor did I receive a call back from Jogi.  I gave him a call and Jogi immediately told me he will give his guy a call and call me back.  Another hour goes by and still no word from Jogi.  I gave him one last call and he didn't even bother picking up the phone.  UNPROFESSIONAL AND WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!! Didn't even bother to call me and let me know they could not come in that day.Luckily we found someone else to fix our carpet that day and he did a really good job.  Once I find his contact info, I'll share it here.
5	I had them install carpet in my whole house.  About 1600 sf.  2 guys showed up at 9:20.  They were supposed to be here at 9am and actually called to tell me that they were running late at 8:45am.  The carpet was installed and vacuumed by 1pm. Their prices are very good.  I paid $1.65 per sf for 40 oz. Frieze 2 which was way cheaper than Home Depot or any other carpet place.I would highly recommend them.
5	I had a great experience with Carpet World. I received a great deal on two bedrooms I needed new carpet in. The installer was very professional and I was kept informed during the whole process. I would definitely use this company again, highly recommend.
5	I recently moved into a home where the previous owner let their dogs urinate ALL over the carpet before the close of the sale. Since I was moving in within the next 5 days, I needed new carpet stat! Paul came out the next day to show us samples. They have a wide range of carpet available, and picked a midrange carpet for installation 2 days later. Paul showed up within the agreed upon window (9-9:30) and began ripping out the pee ridden carpet. He and his helper slaved for 6 hours and got the job done beautifully. I am so happy we found Carpet World, and I would recommend them to friends.
5	We had a great experience with Carpet World. They were very efficient and the prices were lower then any of the other bids we got. They arrived on time and cleaned up everything after they were done. I would defiantly use and recommend them !!
