3	Pricey. Clean. They have all the flavors of my favorite yogurt -- Dannon Light and Fit -- like pineapple coconut, strawberry cheesecake, and rasberry goji. I'll come back for yogurt and their deli meat, but I'd rather save money and get the other stuff I need at Glazier's, F&E, or Smith's.
5	Got my flu shot today!  The pharmacist was so gentle, I had to compliment him on a great job.  While It took only five minutes or less for the whole thing, my husband picked up a few essentials for Sunday dinner. Very easy.
5	Best Albertson's in the city. The selection is the best as is the staff.everyone here is awesome, specifically Tracy, Shannon and the gay guy, who's name escapes me, but who is fabulous!This may sound wierd, butkeep in mind this is Vegas, but one thing that really sticks out is that there are actual people running the registers. That never happens in this city.
3	Like any other supermarket, clean and pricey.  Usually only stop by when there's a sale on something I'm looking for (steaks, ribeye, sandwich meat, chips).. Smith's would be cheaper most of the time.
2	Usually one checker is on a register. Prices are ridiculous. The meat and seafood section always stink as you can smell them when you first enter the store. The fried chicken is greasy, over cooked and cremated at best (did I mention over priced!). The sushi selection is meager and is awful. Produce is way overpriced and nasty. Staff is quiet and nonexistent. They seem like they don't like working there. But, the Starbucks is good! The employees that bring in the shopping carts often dart in front of cars without care and block cars from moving and parking. 2 Stars at best. Meh.
4	I used to shop at Albertsons all the time when I lived in California. Ever since moving here, Walmart and Sams Club have been my go to places for grocery shopping. The one drawback about Albertsons is that they are expensive. Why shop here when you can buy the same items at Walmart for half the price? Once in a while, I do come here, but for 3 reasons only:1. Convenient location and close to where I live.2. The closest Coinstar machine, where I can cash in my coins for a gift card or ecertificate without a fee. I'm glad that they have Starbucks and iTunes as a option!3. Walmart is great, but honestly, I really do hate the long lines there. They never have enough cashiers to support thier volume of traffic. On those busy days where I just want to buy a few things and get in and out of the store quickly, that's when I come to Albertsons.Employees are friendly. Everything is organized and the shelves are always nicely stocked. Best of all, there are no lines at the self checkout registers!
3	I stopped in the Albertson's on my way home because of a sale on Coke.  The store was clean and bright, and the clerk who checked me out couldn't have been friendlier.  Parking is OK here and it's easy off and back on Flamingo.
3	3 stars because i'm biased. It was my childhood go to market, but now, too expensive!! The quality is the same as Walmart  and you're paying MUCH MUCH more for what you're getting. I go to Albertsons when i'm too lazy to park at Walmart and it is a little more convenient because of the self check out counters they have. I stop myself sometimes from coming here because of the price. If I wanted to pay that much for groceries, I might as well hold off and go to Whole Foods for way better quality.
1	Walked in to the store and security guard demanded to show him my reusable bag, so I did. After not finding to buy because the seafood and meat did not look that good I walked out and offered to show the woman at self check to look inside my bag she lets me go. Than calls me back asking if I had walked in with it and I might be doing something funny with it. That I also should have left it there at self check. Last time I left a reusable bag at a store it was gone, so I will not be back to this store!
2	this store is very near  to my house, sometimes Its takes very long  and staff is very unfriendly
2	I don't shop here much anymore because:1. High prices 2. Seafood and meat counter stink. I mean seriously how can they sell that awful salmon and other fish. Avoid !!3. Even tho there aren't many customers there never seems to be a checker when you need one then they act like their doing you a favor while checking you out. And they're supposed to load your cart at full service checkout but again sometimes they don't want to. I just stand and stare at them until they do!Pros:1. Good produce with wide selection2. Clean3. Produce workers very helpful4. They make an excellent French bread!
5	Tarae (I'm hoping I spelled that right) in the floral department was better than I could have expected. I was having a small wedding and didn't really think of flowers til the day before and she not only was excited to do flowers for my whole wedding party but she even found the specific type of odd flower that we were looking for to really complete the whole package. It was beyond anything I could have imagined and I can't thank her enough.
2	Great place to go if u want to get in and out but one thing be carful with the shopping carts. I used to work here as a courtesy clerk and to my surprise we used shopping carts to take out the trash. Was not happy with their level cleanliness I ask our manger to buy us a trash can so we can dispose of trash properly. But it never happened be ware the shopping carts. U are better off with a hand basket
