4	I'm actually surprised there are no reviews on here for this place. There were constantly people coming and going and to the left of me was an older woman saying, 'this is the best mani and pedi I've ever had!' After that I held out hope for mine. Honestly one of the better mani and pedis I have ever had...and I get them a decent amount. I've never had someone spend so much time moisturizing my skin. I opted for the paraffin wax which came with a serious amount of leg and foot massage, lotion and oil. My feet are smoooooth! For the mani pedi -with the paraffin- it was $40.00 not including tip. Soo not the cheapest (like the 20 dollars I've paid in the past) but you get what you pay for and I am loving my nails!
1	It was obvious when we walked in the door that they didn't want to service us.  They told us to come back in an hour, so we did.  A young boy was playing with a blown up disposable glove and my daughters thought it was cool. My 6 and 8 year old daughters were very well behaved while they got their toes painted and only the older one talked to me quietly about what was on the tv.  My younger daughter asked for a pair of gloves to play with and when they didn't hear/understand her, I took a pair and gave them to her. The technician became enraged about the "stolen" gloves. She refused to give the other daughter a pair, even though she was asking nicely, because I didn't ask for the first pair. I told her I was happy to pay for them and she still refused. Seriously? We're great customers and I'm a really good tipper!! Finally, another technician handed over a pair and shouted "Your kids are annoying!" Who says that in front of a kid????
5	I LOVE Luxury Nail &Spa!!I agree with Lara F. her review is spot on.  I have been going here for well over a year and have always been greeted with a smile and have received exceptional service!I am very surprised that someone would disparage this wonderful group of hard-working people.  Lets face it, serving the public is no easy task.  After being in the airline business for over 15yrs, and experiencing the demands of the flying public -- sometimes no matter what you do you will always have someone (or in this case a husband and wife) who just aren't happy.With that being said--The pedis are wonderful!  If you have never tried the paraffin wax -- do it!  You will not be disappointed.  I get a nail fills every 2-weeks and pedis in-between.  The prices are in-line with most other nail salons in the area. The general atmosphere is relaxing and comfortable--massage chairs are fantastic!
