3	I would stay here again only because the rooms are clean. The staff tends to look right past you, and watch out when you out at the pool there is algae by the latter and I watched about 6 people slip and fall and they weren't even running. It got to the point to where I laid down a towel on the ground so nobody else would fall.
1	Where do I begin to explain this awful hotel? Look: it's a Quality Inn, so I didn't expect much. When I got into the room, it appeared run down but clean, so I thought I'd just endure it. But then the problems began. The major issue was that my toilet was broken. The chain would fall off of the lever and fell into the toilet basin. This occurred after-hours the first time, so I opened the toilet and used a coat hanger to grab the chain (I wasn't reaching into that gross water). I reattached it temporarily, but it fell back off every time you flushed so I could not fix it permanently. Over the course of the next few days, I had to repeat this process four times. Why not just ask the hotel to fix it? I did! I requested that it be repaired when I left the hotel for the day after my first night. When I returned late that evening, it was still broken (chain unattached before even flushing again). I called the desk to see if there was any way it could be fixed. They responded that the shuttle driver might be able to fix it, but he was out on a run. I was skeptical, since I doubted that the guy moonlights as a plumber. But I waited about 30 minutes anyway (it was now 12:15am). When he didn't show I called back, only to learn he had a few more runs that evening before he could come by. Obviously, I wasn't staying up for this long shot, so I told them never mind and just rigged it myself for the rest of the week. Other problems? - In addition to those obvious issues, the staff was generally not very helpful. I had a colleague leave something extremely important at the front desk one night for me to pick up in the morning. The reception desk employee couldn't find it and was convinced it wasn't there. Becoming distressed, I began looking for it myself over the desk. Luckily, I spotted an envelope and asked if that was it. It was. - Check out the picture I took of the hilarious room phone, which was missing the quick-keys making the circuit board visible. - The gross wardrobe made my suits smell (luckily, I packed my cologne). - One of the (4) light bulbs in the room was burnt out. - The pillows were weirdly small. - Some towels were stained.- The bathroom shower drenches the floor if you don't figure out the trick to hooking the curtain onto the rail screws.- Ridiculously, they have an HBO guide booklet in the room, but after scrolling through the channels several times, I couldn't find it! Finally, its location leaves something to be desired. The closest attraction is the strip club across the street, which the hotel staff even recommended as the best nearby place to grab a snack and drink. (Really?)The only redeeming feature of this place is that it has a shockingly decent continental breakfast each morning. But that isn't nearly enough to encourage anyone to stay here who can avoid doing so. I am sure this place is normally pretty cheap, but you couldn't pay me to stay there again.
2	Two stars is pretty generous. Just because it got the job done. Barely. My co-worker and I had to move to a 2nd room because the battery on the first lock didn't work (?). The kicker? It didn't work on the 2nd room either! So, someone from the hotel had to manually let us in every time. Hahahah. It's actually funnier now that it's been a couple days. But, it was rough because there was quite a bit of attitude from as soon as I walked in to walking out. Maybe it's because so many other patrons are experiencing the same issues: it's a pretty worn down place. But still -- rough sauce.
1	Unless you're staying here for one quick overnight, don't even bother with this place. Stayed two nights recently and my room stunk of smoke. The AC didn't do anything to help. I called the front desk and told them, and they stated they'd look around and see if someone was smoking in an adjacent room. Next day it smelled the same. Rooms are dark and musty. Carpets need to be replaced. The whole place needed a major redo two years ago.
3	No problems here at all, and the room was very clean and the bathroom was perfect. Decent bedding and no issues with parking, checking in or checking out. We didn't arise in time for the breakfast so I can't comment on that. But I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.
1	I arrived to check in at 3:00pm since that was the time stated under the hotel description. I was appalled to see the lobby full of guests that were waiting ahead of me! They claim the CIAA affected housekeeping but come on! The CIAA has been happening in Charlotte for years and they knew how many guests were expected to check out. This is incredibly poor planning and the management should be ashamed for their abilities.
2	I asked for two queen sized beds and got double beds with a cardboard sign saying queen beds. The bathroom towels were dirty and the hair dryer didn't work. Also, I could smell cigarettes in the room . The staff was very friendly and helpful, and the room was quiet . The beds were comfortable but smaller than expected as mentioned above. The free breakfast included eggs, sausages , waffles and a good assortment of the usual morning foods. Overall the stay was ok . I wouldn't recommend more than 1 night.
1	Interesting business model. I can only expected US Airways to seek out the worst hotel to house their customers they have forced to keep over night because of chronically delayed flights.1. Hair all over the room. 2. Dirty sheets3. Bed bugs
1	Mold and mildew. The building is designed with poor ventilation and so the carpets just collect gunk to keep the mold. Everything is as cheap and old as possible from towels, ironing board, mini fridge, TV and channel line-up. Breakfast is standard choice hotels breakfast every single day. No change. If your company puts you here, it's a sign that they hate and resent your existence.
