3	JJ's is inside of the Hospitality Suites on Scottsdale road and is what you might expect of a sports bar in a mid-price suites hotel.  The layout is strange, with the bar sort of sunk in at the back and dining tables elevated around another sunk in area in the middle where there are pool tables.The waitresses are slow but quirky. The food is typical bar food with nothing too special on the menu, but it is reliable and filling.  The hotel that this is in caters to elderly folks in giant tour buses, so that is the usual crowd.I think they even have karaoke here, which might actually be very interesting considering the usual clientele.
4	Nice kareoke spot. The female bartenders are cool and really crazy. There is a strange crowd, some older biker dudes mixed with college kids, and older ladiez. I jammed on some James Taylor, and people werent really digging it. The bikers looked slightly aggitated by the noises I was making on da mic. I tried to tend to the crowd by jamming Foriegner's "I wanna know what love is" next, and there was a similar reaction. Fools are hard to please in this joint. Some real interesting convo going on while I was there...bikers talking about sex and drug parties, snorting coke off hookers, etc. A fight between dueling bikers broke out soon thereafter. Shit was intense.  I need to hit this place up again soon.
2	We stayed at the hotel and stopped down in the bar the first night we were there to check it out. The bar closes earlier Sunday through Thursday...the sign said they closed at 12 am, but they were calling last call before 11.I tried ordering a Newcastle, but they didn't have any left and none of the taps were working for any draft beer...in face, the only beer they had left was some budweisers, one coors light, and MGD...so I opted for a mixed drink. I ordered a Long Beach Iced Tea, and the bartender had no idea what it was...I explained it to her and the drink turned out alright and it was inexpensive. There was a small area in the middle with some tall tables, a pool table and some bowling game. It was a pretty small area for all of these to be put into. I don't think anybody could have actually played a game of pool in there comfortably if there were more than a few people in that area. I had heard about the kareoke, but apparently it wasn't going on that night. The jukebox had some pretty good stuff on it though.
3	I love this place so much.  The food is pretty shitty, and the quirky waitresses take their time but all in all it is a great experience.If you hang out here long enough you might get a date with one of these waitresses or one of th brits that is staying in the adjacent hotel.  Karaoke is fun on Friday night, Saturday is usually slow.  Oh, and if you go on Sat. watch out for the lesbian goth chicks!
5	Im updating my score for JJ's because well, um, uh... Im bias as hell!When I first moved here to AZ, I spent a ton of time in this place and even moonlighted for awhile as the friday night karaoke host.  I made tons of friends here and the owners and staff always treated me like I was family.  The guys in the kitchen always would make special requests for me, and the girls would sometimes let me come behind the bar and bartend for kicks when I wasnt  hosting karoke.Now will they do this for you.... most likely absolutely not.  But the owner just updated and renovated the place and it is looking good and I guarantee it is still fun as hell.  I made quite a few friends and lovers in this place and it is legendary in my mind...
4	JJ Sports Cantina is the restaurant adjacent to Hospitality Suites Resort and I think is under the same management.As part of our package staying at Hospitality Suites Resort, we got a complementary cooked breakfast at the cantina. We only got to see it in the morning but it has a bar feel with a pool table. I noticed there are a lot of signed pictures of servicemen on the walls - must be a regular haunt for them here.The kitchen and servers did cope well with large number of guests for breakfast. This was the only place on our trip which offered a choice of different cooked breakfasts. The food was filling and made a good start to the day.
1	FRAUDULANT BARSTAFF...just moved to the neighborhood...checked this place out on a sunday afternoon-food was good, service was good....thought we could make this our local. went back on saturday afternoon, first bartender was awesome, and put on boston celtics game for us.  were quite enjoying ourselves hanging with some canadians on vacation, but the female bartender was pretty rude throughout the nite-totally not enjoying herself or the people she was serving.  when we went to pay our check, she was a right out cow.  so...my husband didnt leave a tip, and the next day we found out she put through 22 bucks for a tip, even tho we filled in 00.00 -totally unauthorized!  left a message for the manager, who eventually refunded it-but never called.  if it wasn't for the antics of the d-bag behind the counter, wouldnt mind headin back.  just beware and take not of your statements if you decide to hang out there :)
5	JJ's is a great neighborhood bar. The food is definitely higher quality than most bars, the drinks are good and fairly priced, and the crowd is diverse and fun. They have karaoke Friday and Saturday nights, and a stand up comedy show every other Friday night (in a room attached to the bar so the comedy and karaoke don't interfere with each other). The bar and facilities are clean and recently painted inside, and the owner is always looking for ways to improve and update. Friday night karaoke has a hard rock atmosphere courtesy of the KJ Billy, however you will still hear almost every genre of music at some point in the night. Saturday nights are more hip-hop oriented courtesy of the KJ Ted, however still diverse enough that you can still sing what you want. I've been a regular at JJ's for nearly 6 years now. Keep in mind that several of the reviews up here are from before JJ's changed ownership, and the bar staff has changed since then as well. I want to mention the claim of "fraudulent bar staff" in another review. In all my years of going to JJ's, I have never had a member of the bar staff, and certainly not the current bar staff, falsify or otherwise fraudulently handle my tab.
5	This is my absolute favorite place to do karaoke! Ted is a kick ass KJ and always makes the night a hoot. While the song selection is good, there's a few of my favorites it's missing but I am never at a shortage of options. The wait is never long and the crowd is great for people watching. The place is clean, the staff is friendly and the food is much better than your typical bar fare. I've yet to have a lame Friday night at JJ's. It's a great place to bring a crowd of friends, let loose, do some singing or just laugh at the craziness that inevitably ensues at a karaoke bar.
5	Fun hidden neighborhood bar with good food and relaxed atmosphere. This place has heaps of potential. I'm giving it a full 5 because my friend is a Karaoke host here and because the owner and staff are great. I didn't expect the food to be so good either. It manages to rise above simply "bar food." This place definitely caught me off guard. This place is a bit of a throwback, but it manages to hang on to its loyal regulars. A few more visits and I'll be one of them... You may catch me here on Friday nights once in awhile singing alternative hits from the late 80s and early 90s.
3	It's a good little dive to hang out at - the drinks are stiff, the beers are cheap, the food is decent and so is the service.  Never had a bad experience but often choose Philly's instead just because it's a bit of a better atmosphere but not by much.  It's a great place for us to walk to.
