2	Fairly standard Italian menu. Food was decent but overpriced for what you get. I know of dozens of Italian restaurants that have the same or better quality of food at half the price.Wine list was nice too but very pricey. I didn't hate it, but it seemed like this strip mall restaurant is trying a little too hard to be upscale and comes off as a bit cheesy instead.
2	I had a friend tell me how great this restaurant was. I now have a friend whose opinions I can no longer trust. It was okay. A little expensive for what it is. He kept telling me how amazing the subs were. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't worth the price. And it certainly wasn't worth the long drive in from the city.
5	This place has become my basis for comparison for all other Italian restaurants. Fresh pasta, fresh sauces and the best meatballs in driving distance!Before your food arrives you get this red pepper, tomato sauce and fresh bread. its soooo good. I'm not sure what it is but I have bought some to go, its sweet and savory and so good with the warm bread. this one thing is worth the trip to this place. I have read the other reviews and I am not sure where these people are coming from. I assure you, if you order any fresh pasta, with any sauce and get them to put a meatball on it!!, you wont leave, hungry or disappointed. Another one of my favorites is the seafood risotto, recommended by me for sureThe food here is fresh and fast and at a great price, my wife and I can eat for under $30, I am not sure what the other "yelpers" reviewed but it wasen't the Boccis I know..
2	Way overpriced. Ordered pasta and the plate came half empty. I don't mind the price as long as I get a decent sized place. Not ordering from here again.
4	I had been before on a date and bumped into some old neighbors (one being Italian was a good sign). It's really a combination of a coffee bar, nice seating area with an atrium feel and a reception room attached to the right. I recalled the food being quite tasty even compared to Italian cuisine in Italy itself. I especially remember the marinara sauce standing out as being right on the mark. It had that little tartness that I love and is hard to find done right at restaurants (in my opinion). I don't remember the service being off the hook, but it was definitely not a negative. Since those meals went well, I figured why not try again, but now with a party of four. This time the service stood out, but not in the best way (we all agreed). I was surprised, as I began to recall the previous visit having been pretty good. Thankfully, two things happened. The first was that another server helped out on a few occasions. The second the marinara sauce was just as I remembered it. The stuffed bell pepper, mini bocconcini with cherry tomato salad and Italian sausage with Dijon mustard were also very tasty and fairly priced at $3.99. The fettuccini carbonara was quite rich and creamy (a good plate to share - as we did). The Baked Lasagna was satisfying (it's bathed in 'the' marinara sauce). Last but not least was the seafood linguini (with white sauce) at $16.99 - a value, filled with fresh right sized shrimp, bay type scallops and plenty of other goodies including chopped garlic. I stated out loud - I would be back just for that stunning dish. Wrapping up a lengthy yet fun late lunch we shared a piece of red velvet layer cake and an apple torte. They were both great with lattes and cappuccinos to wash them down. We all joked that we were still full hours and even a day later. I almost forgot despite all the carbs we ate - the warm crusty Italian loaf was worth the wait. I used it to sop up the sauce on every dish. Oh, yah baby 'the' sauce.
2	Its not the best place I would say but for basic pasta and pizza I can deal. I like their salads & raviolli . Sometimes you crave that cheap tasty food.
