5	Spoon just opened in Shadyside in mid-July. I didn't know anything about it, until I heard some rave reviews on Twitter. Since I was going to be in the neighborhood anyway, I made a reservation for Friday night. The restaurant is tastefully decorated with dark, rich colors. The air conditioning was obviously working because it was nice and cool, even though the outside temp was a sweltering 94 degrees. It was fairly busy, but the noise level was fantastic...a nice hum in the background, but I could easily hear my husband over the table. I think the curtains help absorb a lot of the noise. The service was prompt and attentive through dinner service -- at one point, the hostess came over to take our order. The waiter was swamped with other tables, but he still made sure that our orders got put into the kitchen, so we weren't waiting and starving. Nicely done.Their wine and cocktail menu is put together well. I will note that the font is micro-sized, and it doesn't work for such a darkly lit restaurant. The table next to us mentioned it to the hostess, after they squinted and fought to read it.  The hostess said the restaurant has increased the font two times, since hearing complaints. I can't imagine what the original Liliputian print must've looked like, but they should increase it even more. Nobody wants to hold the menu at arm's length to get a glimpse of the cocktail list. And you'll want to look at the cocktail menu...it's very creative and fresh. (Although I couldn't understand why they'd offer a hot tea cocktail in the middle of July. No thank you.) The waiter suggested the basil vodka gimlet...served with simple syrup and lime, it was delicious.Ok, so the food...very good. Creative, flavorful and fresh modern American cuisine. For appetizers, we had the 'bacon and eggs' and the ahi tuna prepared two ways. Both were great, but the bacon and eggs was a knockout -- pork belly confit with a 5 minute poached eggs on top. Underneath it all with a nice hollaindaise and on the side was cooked asparagus. Everything was done well -- the pork was rich and flavorful, and the egg was cooked just enough that the yolk was very barely cooked, and its liquid poured over the pork belly and mixed with the hollandaise. Even the asparagus was prepared well -- not overlooked at all. The ahi tuna was prepared as a roll, stuffed with crab and fresh spices over avocado puree. It was also prepared as over noodles with chili aioli.For dinner, I had bacon wrapped day boat scallops with rock shrimp and sweet corn sautee. My husband had milk fed veal, again prepared two ways. First as a meatloaf with a spicy, sweet chipotle glaze and then braised with cabbage. Dessert was fresh fig sorbet...all their ice creams and sorbets are made in house. Solid.They use a lot of foams and complicated little components that all work together to create a great dish. It's a lot of good stuff  that I couldn't make at home, so in my opinion that makes it worth it. They had some lower priced options on the menu which is good. I saw a burger and fries on there for $9...very reasonable for this type of restaurant. I particularly liked the 'prepared two ways' theme of some of the menu items. You basically get a taste of two dishes for the price of one entree. I know they did for 'artistic' reasons, but as a diner I really liked the economy of it. On the way out, we stopped at their bar in the back -- very hip, though we didn't stay for a drink. It also had a burger bar...this would be a great hangout for happy hour or a casual dinner.Bottom line - it's a winner.
4	We had dinner at Spoon for the first time last night -- it won't be the last. I was skeptical because restaurants often have a rough time of it at first, but the service was great and the food was delicious. I had shrimp and corn chowder, a chili relleno, and chipotle chicken flatbread. All three were beautifully presented and tasted as good as they looked. They have a nice range of apps and entrees, in terms of both food varieties and prices. A big shout-out of gratitude to everyone involved in bringing us Spoon -- Pittsburgh needs more restaurants like this. (And thanks to JGB for treating!)
5	I just had a great meal at Spoon.  It just opened, and I had been meaning to try it, and it's always been packed.  While, on a Monday night at 8:00 PM, my roommate and I had no trouble snagging a table without a reservation.I have pretty high standards for my five star reviews: I have to have the best "something" I've ever had in order to hand one out, and it has to be good.  I had the best vodka gimlet I've ever had from the bar. Food-wise, I also had a really tasty iceberg salad, tomatoes with tons of flavor, everything really fresh, local produce.  My main course was a pork tenderloin which had an incredible, slightly sweet sauce and laid on top of polenta, and corn on the cob that was perfectly seasoned in some kind of cheese (?) sauce.  it was delicious.I already mentioned the gimlet, but the wine list was also good, with top-notch wines for respectable prices, given this city's obscene liquor laws.  The desserts all sounded really good, but I didn't eat any.My roommate and I couldn't come up with a single negative comment about our meal here, the atmosphere or the service.  They don't even make the staff wear uniforms (I hated it when I worked in restaurants as a teenager).   According to the staff, rather than overwork their kitchen, they will just not fill all the tables if they get a rush.  That's pride in quality work, but let's see how long they can keep that up in this economy.I normally take a star away for food this pricey, but it was honestly worth it.  Best new restaurant in Pittsburgh this summer.
2	They BARELY got that second star. The food is fantastic. Really, really, really, good.The service was TERRIBLE.1. Put our reservations on the wrong night2. Unkowledgeable waiter3. Had to get the hostess to get the waiter so I could get the checkI really want to recommend Spoon because the food and ambiance is fantastic, but I can't untill they remedy these problems. Full review with pictures in blogwww.rodzillareviews.com
5	Spoon just proves that East Liberty is neighborhood in the midst of revitalization. Spoon itself is split into a restaurant and a lounge area. Currently, the lounge area offers an intimate bar setting and a limited appetizer menu (although there are burgers S-W). The restaurant has a full menu, and includes a wide variety of items sourced from local growers.My friends and I uniformly thought that the food was fantastic, and the presentation was good. I took a look at the wine list, as well, and the selection is decent, although not outstanding, but more importantly, the prices are reasonable.We had no problem getting a table on a weeknight, and I would recommend this as a good place to take a date or get an after-work drink.
4	Local produce, meats, poultry - always a plus.  Fresh ingredients - what a treat.  Started out with a vodka/basil gimlet.  Very nice - and I usually don't partake in this type of drink.  I had the "wings" appetizer.  Nicely prepared and presented - not just buffalo wings.  These had great flavor and were fresh.  My entree was the blacked chicken with linguine.  Again, this was very flavorful and the pasta was home-made.  French press coffee for desert.  Others at the table had the hanger steak, salads, soup. Everyone was very pleased.The noise level was low which made for pleasant conversation.  Our service was very attentive.  I looked at other reviews which mentioned very poor service.  These were either "opening" problems or off nights.  Our server was very good.The wine list was OK.  Because of Pennsylvania's stupid PLCB, I never order wine.  The prices and selections are not up to the food.  There were a few good selections but (again, because of PA) the prices are just not worth the bottles.  This is why I usually stick to BYO restaurants.I suggest sticking to the mixed drinks - they are much better values.Overall a very good addition to the dining choices in Pittsburgh.
5	I went here for a b'day dinner a few weeks ago and the food and service were impeccable!  The service may have been really good b/c of our big group and the fact that we were sitting in the outdoor patio and had 1 server address all our needs (which they did very well).  I ordered the Salmon and it was delish - I'm not a big salmon fan, but I can eat it occassionally.  I do love seafood but I would say Salmon is my least favorite, but Spoon may have changed my mind!!!  It was so good, I can't even begin to desribe it's deliciousness...ok but let me try.  It was cooked to perfection, I had to tell the server "well-done" for the fish b/c they ask you how you'd like it cooked...which I thought was odd for seafood.  But I told them that I like it flaky and tender and I'm only saying "well-done" b/c I don't want it to be raw, but I don't want it dried out either.  They totally got what I was saying and it was cooked to perfection.I was a bit skeptical when they brought the dish out b/c it looked tiny, but it sure filled me up.  Under the fish there were some green beans and some gnocchi.  Yummy, Yummy, Yummy!  For a drink I got the Basil Gimlet - delish!  Sure, when the check came it was a bit pricey, but every once in a while shouldn't you treat yourself to a great meal.  If you're looking for a treat, check out Spoon!
5	I'm so glad that Pittsburgh has added yet another great dining experience to the mix.  Everything is sourced as locally and sustainably as they can manage, which is always a good thing, in my book.  The food was great, but it did take a little bit for it to come out.  The servers were incredibly apologetic about the timing - I think it's just one of those things they have to work out.  We started with a tuna tartare appetizer, which was great.  We then shared the pork entree, which was also really delicious.  Portion sizes were just right, not too much, and not too small.The vodka gimlet, btw, is definitely worth trying.  Very tasty!The decor doesn't look substantially different from what it did when it was Red Room, but the food IS substantially better!  And isn't that what counts?  Although ... I do have one request - could they please bring back the croissant chocolate bread pudding they used to make at Red Room as a dessert?  Pretty please?
3	I took my family there on a Sunday for dinner and all in all, the experience was pleasant but the food is by no means memorable or spectacular at all. We ordered the duck duck foie,and pork belly with bacon and an poached egg as appetizers. The pork belly was definitely not the actual belly but instead the cheaper tougher meat adjacent to it. By far, only Tamari has conjured up actual pork belly. the duck duck foie was mediocre. Duck was dry and god knows where the "foie" was. Our dinners consisted of the chicken, pork tenderloin, salmon, and butterfish. The chicken was too salty and dry. The pork was decent and paired well with the creamy polenta. The butterfish was flavorful with a nice soft texture. The salmon was cooked well, but the dish was overall bland.
4	My husband took me here for our first anniversary and everything was perfect.  They have a great wine selection, amazing food and even better desserts.He ordered the chicken two ways, and I had a salmon caesar salad.  The food was cooked perfectly and the presentation was artful.Although the meal was great, I think my favorite thing about Spoon is the atmosphere--very modern, neutral color palette, lots of candles lit.  We will definitely return--it's a great place to sit and share a bottle of wine.
5	What an inviting, incredible restaurant! My boyfriend took me here as a special surprise dinner.  We had outstanding service and outstanding food. I love that ingredients are local and sustainable.We shared the gorgonzola blue cheese souffle (with beet salad, switch from apples on previous me) appetizer. I had the miso glazed butterfish with brocolini and diakon and my boyfriend had the bass (I forget exact preparation but there were fingerlings potatoes- I think.  But leek flan for sure which was surprisingly mild and quite good.) For dessert, I chose sorbets and boyfriend had milk/white chocolate bread pudding.We had an excellent meal.  Some of the less-than-positive reviews were bewildering. Our service was good-attentive, friendly, knowledgeable.
5	The word incredible comes to mind when I think upon the date my fiancee and I had there.  The atmosphere is perfect.  Very zen lounge.  Music in the backround included Theivery corporation and Zero 7. (Two of our favorites).The wine list was huge, and had a greta assortment.  We didn't know what to do with ourselves, so we dived right in with the 5 course tasting menu combined with wine pairings.  My God was it worth every penny.  We could not even finish the last course!  Everything was so delicious and elegantly plated.  Definately not your standard american fare. If you see something on the menu called "Bacon and Eggs" Don't question it. Just order it.  It was the most amazing thing ever.  They use fresh local and organics ingredients for their products.  The tasting menu was 65 a person and 30 to add on the wine.  It was superb.  I am looking for excuses to go back!Also-- I do not agree with the "Casual" dress attire. I think this is a place where people should dress up a bit.
5	I returned to Spoon last night to give it a second try. Service improved tenfold, and the food was fantastic as always. Definitely recommend it.Review and pictures on my site
5	Congrats to this terrific place for making the 2010 list of "Top Ten New Restaurants in USA". What an honor!http://www.gayot.com/best-restaurants/2010/top10-newrestaurants.html
3	They say beauty is in the eyes of the beholder. If you eat meat and nothing else, and you haven't eaten much outside Pittsburgh, this is a four star. If you value vegetables, inventiviness and passion, a straight two.If you or anyone in your party is vegan, vegetarian, or just doesn't want a hunk of meat, give Spoon a big miss. I've always got at least one of those in my party, and so I guess Spoon aint for me.I very much enjoyed my meal. The braised beef was fantastic, fall-apart-at-the-touch-of-a-fork tender. But my fiancee found her non-meat plate so disappointing it ruined the evening for her.And that's my first issue: the standards are wonderful... but they're fairly standard. Nothing surprising or inventive that we could find. How disappointing for a lauded place.Perhaps more disappointing, this did not feel like Pittsburgh. Yes, I know towns change, and yes I know a lot of upper-income Pittsburghers would rather their town was more like (NW) DC. But the marble counters, standard menu options, and "professional" (indifferent) service could be a nice place in any third-tier city. I bet Scottsdale has a hundred places like this.Where's the passion for the food, the local flavor?The place was packed with the grey-haired set, milking their tables. You'll need a reservation, but you'll still be standing around for the better part of an hour while your table pretends it is still finishing that empty glass of wine, and management seems surprised by this development even though it seems to happen regularly.In the end, I guess Pittsburgh needed a place that serves fantastic meat-and-potatoes in modern decor. But in Seattle I've eaten in beautiful rowhouses at the tables of inventive husband and wife teams who stood in front of me and put their hearts on the line. I expect as much from Pittsburgh.The bar summed up the place for me: the bartender told me he likes bourbon, but all they had was brand-name, big-batch stuff.
5	Let me tell you something about Spoon....It doesn't really matter what I order as long as they keep giving me those cheese-filled cheese breads in the bread basket. Those things are to DIE for. To back track a bit on what I said... it probably also doesn't matter what I order, since they all sound, look, and taste good.. from the orders we've made.Having ordered the scallops and pork two ways (there are quite a few items on the menu that are "two ways"... and there's even a dessert item that was "three ways"), I was a little surprised by the negative space on my square plate (and most people would solve that by giving you a smaller plate), but it seems they do it for the presentation. Tender and delicious.. and just enough for me. I loved my entree (and the second helping of cheese-filled cheese breads they brought by... mmmm).Even with a bit of dim lighting (which, you know, I'm not too hot about if it gets in the way of my food oggling), I actually found it a little cozy with good food, good company, drinks, and soft music. The service was excellent. I really liked our server, who answered to our whims (more cheese-filled bread, please!). I also feel guilty in saying that we probably overstayed our welcome. (We were there past closing, and I think the host was the only one left... by the time we took our leave.) They never rushed us with anything or asked us to leave, however. Entrees range about $20-$40 per plate... so, all told, it's either all for a nice date.. or for a more upscale night out with a few friends at a fairly comfortable spot (with some cheese-filled cheese bread).Aside from the cost, which may burn holes through pockets if I were to ever become a regular (but, first, I'd have to live there)... the only other problem seems to be trying to find street parking at night.PS. o-m-g. This marks my 200th review. :o It's awesome to find I'm reviewing a place I hearted for a mile marker.
4	Like many think of their loved ones, I think of the love I have for the biscuits I had here.  The true love I experienced is like none other.  Do you love that I've started with the bread options here?? So seriously, this buttermilk biscuit is just beyond! It's made with chives and has little cream cheese surprise inside.  Served warm. Are you dying just by the description?!  Anything with cream cheese in it is divine if you ask me....I shoved in four.  No lie.I had heard a lot of hype about this restaurant.  It's funny because when you think of American food, what do you think of?  I think burgers and fries.  But make a food presentation fancy looking and you've got a fancy restaurant.  We tried the swordfish appetizers, which came out split between two plates.  I actually liked that because I can get greedy with my appetizer and not share, so it made things equal!  The app was good, but it wasn't amazing.  My scale goes from gross, ok, good and amazing.  This place was definitely not gross or just ok.   My main dish was very good.  I got the day boat scallops + pork two ways.  The scallops were nice and crispy, just the way I like them.  I was not thrilled with the risotto.  Granted, there was no false advertisement that it  was pearl barley and not a creamy based risotto I usually enjoy.  It just didn't have any taste, it was just....there. The pork belly, which was described as the part of the pig that bacon comes from, was amazing!  I mean, bacon, hello!!  The homemade sausage was also really good.  The cabbage underneath both meat options was very very tasty.  I was much more into that than the risotto. Remember that you MUST have a reservation!  It's very tiny inside, so I'd doubt you'd be able to walk in and get sat within 2 hours.  The place itself is very cool.  It was very cozy inside and had a nice intimate feel.  Great for a first date or romantical dinner out.The service was definitely 5 star.  Our service was extremely knowledgeable and helpful when selecting the food options.  For how hip it felt inside I was surprised to see an over 60 plus crowd on a Saturday night.  But maybe I just went too early for all the cool kids. So did this place live up the the hype?  Not necessarily.  But would I come back?  Definitely.  I'd be interested to try some of the other unique food options they have on the menu.  Maybe in a few months I can rate this as amazing!  I'm fearless and I like food, so who am I kidding, I'll be back!!
2	My wife and I had dinner on a Saturday night (3/19/11) at Spoon in East Liberty. Based on other Yelp reviews and the recommendations we received from friends, we expected quite a lot from Spoon. (We are in the process of moving to Pittsburgh, so new to the dining scene in the 'burgh.)Our expectations were, sadly, not met by Spoon. Maybe it was a bad night and just bad luck for us, so I'd be willing to give it a go again in the future.So, what wasn't up to scratch? For starters, the service was not good enough. We arrived and a group of three old ladies (i.e., easily well into their 70s--one was with a walking frame!) were trying to get out the door. They, of course, were having some trouble with the (heavy) doors and the step down to the sidewalk. Between the two valet guys and two hostesses standing around, there were four restaurant staff who did NOT help these nice ladies. My wife and I instead did the good deed of helping them outside to their waiting car. Not a good sign of the restaurant's respect for their customers. After being seated the first interaction with our server was "Do you know what cocktail you want?" No "hi, welcome to Spoon" or "how are you tonight?" We had just sat down so asked for more time and he just walked off. His gruffness continued, though was markedly toned down to a more acceptable human level by night's end.The food. Other reviewers have raved about the food. I've had better elsewhere. In Pittsburgh my experience is limited, but I've had fantastic dinners at places like Salt of the Earth and Tamari. I hoped Spoon was in the same league...that remains to be seen. Compared to some decent neighborhood places in NYC, Spoon just didn't stand out. It was above-average for sure in the food department, but there were too many misses, not enough hits, and some ill-conceived dishes. Perhaps we just chose wrongly and had some bad luck. Who knows?For appetizers, we had the enchiladas stuffed with some seafood (swordfish I think, but it was tasteless), and the shrimp and grits. The enchiladas were nothing special. The pineapple salsa was the only piece of flavor on the dish. The shrimp and grits was better, but nothing spectacular. It was a good quality southern version of mushroom risotto, with a gratuitous jumbo shrimp on top. The shrimp was overcooked and a bit rubbery. What a shame.For entrees, we had the cod and the "surf and turf" (NY strip and Maryland crab cake). The cod--my wife's choice--was very good. The NY strip was done just fine, but the crab cake was dry and the only flavor came from the standard crab cake sauce on top of it. Our problem with these dishes was that they were a bit too "busy"--there was too much going on. For example, the NY strip and crab cake was served with a potato cake and creamed spinach and a caramelized pearl onion. The crab cake was totally unnecessary in this dish.We skipped dessert because nothing sounded all that exciting to us.Overall, for the two of us the total (with standard tip) was about $150 (including two glasses of wine and one cocktail). This seemed too pricey for what we got. Overall, I think this restaurant definitely has a good team in the kitchen and they are turning out dishes with quality, local ingredients--and that's a good thing. But things were too complicated in the dishes and this detracted from the overall taste of the dishes. A general problem with the food was that the main flavors came more from sauces and garnishes than the proteins themselves. Particularly in seafood-focused dishes. That's a pity.Will we go back? Sure, we'll try Spoon again. Is this a "hot" and "must do" restaurant in Pittsburgh? Not necessarily; certainly not in my opinion at the moment. It did seem very popular with more elderly clientele, though.
1	We went to celebrate our anniversary and were expecting quite a lot. The cocktails and appetizers were pretty good (we had the bone marrow and tuna sashimi), but that's about it. Besides the lack of attention from our server, we were both so disappointed with our entrees -- the black cod was so salty and overpowered by the other flavors that it was literally impossible to eat the entire dish. The crispy sea bass was anything but, as it was laying in a pile of broth which made it soggy and chewy (among the pile of tartar sauce (who puts tartar on sea bass!?!) that was laying on top). Overall the plate was way too busy and overcrowded The dishes also had so much going on the plate that the flavors didn't melt together at all, everything besides the kitchen sink was put on the plate. The saddest part was that our server never came over (in fact we barely saw him the rest of the evening after he took our order) to even ask how it was!We were so turned off we asked for the check and opted to head out somewhere else for desert.
3	An old friend and I had dinner at Spoon last night, a rainy Wednesday night.  I had made a reservation, just in case, but there were only 2 other couples in there so it probably was not necessary.  The hostess was super friendly and even made a little small talk with us while she seated us. The waitress came over right away, also very friendly. Water right away, but had to wait a tad longer than I was used to for the wine.  The glasses sat there, alone and empty. Also, the same glasses were used for white and red wines- not a huge deal but odd for un upscale eatery. AND...my pino grigio had a SCREW OFF cap, and cost $10. Ok, I understand that there was a cork shortage a while back, but, um, really?The bread is definately something special. Two bite sized cornbreads with jalapeno and cream cheese filled puffs (yes, YUM!). Quite honestly though, I could have done without them as something to eat BEFORE dinner. They were way too heavy and seemed like something more suitable at breakfast. Just the cornbread nubs would have been enough-- those were light, delish, and just the right size!I ordered the Crab Enchiladas and Green Salad. The salad was great- fresh greens, crunchy mango, peas, cucumbers and just the right amount of champagne vinagrette. The enchiladas....well the portion size was nice, and I enjoyed the spiciness.  However it was way too bland and creamy and I could barely taste the crab. The cilantro was barely noticable as well.  I realize that Spoon is not a mexican place, but the effort in making this dish authentic in any way seems lacking.My friend ordered th Kobe Beef burger and fries. The buger was what you would expect of Kobe beef- soft, juicy, and literally melts in your mouth. I am not a huge beef eater, ever, but it really looked amazing when it came out and I had to try a bite. Again, something lacking though- perhaps a spice in the meat or salt....or something?  The fries were good though- served upright in a metal canister, sprinkled with herbs, light and crisp. I could have polished off a whole plate of those by myself.Lastly, the Earl Grey and Citrus sorbet, which we split. The texture was too grainy and icy and it seemed like it was frozen and re-thawed a few times. OK flavor, but I couldn't really taste the tea.I often judge my dining experience pretty heavily on ambiance, and I will say that Spoon does really well in that department.  It is warm and cozy inside with interesting art and metalwork. Again, the waitstaff was really great and made us feel welcome. BUT, the food just didn't do it for me.I would return, but  perhaps for a cocktail only next time, as the bar is really hip and cool. But I would give some of the other new places in the neighborhood a chance first. One thing that I did enjoy though are the portion sizes.  Coming from CA, I often feel that portions are way bigger than they need to be here and I often overeat more that I would normally because it's there and I hate wasting food. Spoon definately knows what a normal, healthy portion looks like. I am happy that Spoon is here becaue if fits really well in the new Penn Circle area of town. They just need to work on their recipes.
4	Spoon is a great restaurant.  I had a great dinner there last night with my wife and 2 friends.  There were a few negative things that I'll get out of the way before discussing the excellent cuisine.  First, their valet service sucks.  There are a bunch of barriers outside the restaurant preventing you from pulling up to the curb.  There were signs for a valet, but no one standing around.  After waiting for a bit (which is difficult on busy Highland Ave) we parked in the big lot near Borders.  When we were eating, we noticed that the valet was spending more time inside the restaurant than outside.  A second criticism is that our table was not positioned well with the flow of people traffic.  Our table was bumped into no less than 10 times by wait staff, shaking our wine glasses every time.  One of our dinner companions was bumped in the back of her head no less than three times by wait staff.  Fortunately, these two minor complaints were balanced out by the outstanding food.  The menu and presentations are extremely creative.  The bone marrow appetizer was salty, tender, and a great complement to the beef tartare on the same plate.  The lemon and goat cheese souffle was light and flavorful.  For an entree, my trio of duck was outstanding.  Prepared three ways (breast, confit, and fois) each bite was perfect for a duck fan like myself.  Everyone else at our table thoroughly enjoyed their appetizers and entrees as well.We will definitely come back to Spoon and recommend it to our friends.  I would like to try the tasting menu sometime.  The other reviews are true when they mention that most of the clientele is 65+.  However, I'm not sure that's something I would have noticed had others not already mentioned it in their reviews.
3	Food is good,  might be very good.  But I'm not exactly young and I felt like the youngest person in the restaurant the night I went.  Just felt a bit out of place especially given Shadow Lounge and BRGR next door.  Overall I had a good time but won't exactly plan an evening around going to Spoon in the future.And I have to concur with other reviews about the biscuits!  Could see myself going back just for them. Yum.
4	I'd actually give spoon 3.5 now that I've thought about my experience. I kind of jumped the gun when I gave 5 stars, Im taking half a star off for valet, half a star off for not getting these legendary biscuits (a friend of mine went a week later and had to inquire about them after seeing other tables receive them) and the last half star comes off because I could have made the cannoli and bruschetta at home.
3	The food is tasty, but I had a few issues.The apps were a duo of sashimi and bacon and eggs (pork bell, 5 minute egg).  Both dishes were fantastic - and nice portion sizes, so we were off to a great start.But then...the cod had a bone in it. *Gasp* Some people might think it's being snobby -- but for the price ($28), the chefs know better, and it's an elementary mistake.  It's not TGIFs or Cheescake Factory, but a place with $20-30 entrees in a city where Primanti's is king.Worse yet, my surf and turf (crabcake and NY strip steak) was cold.  Cooked to medium rare, but it was cold when it came out.  It clearly was sitting at the pass too long.  For the first time in my life, I sent a dish back (dude, $32 you better get it right!) - and it wasn't a newly fired entree -- but the same one just heated up more!  And so the meat was no longer medium rare -- and it was still only lukewarm.  Disappointing.So basically, we had two dishes we wanted to send back -- we didn't send the cod because I had already sent the surf/turf back -and didn't want to be that table.  Oh well.So we skipped desert.  A shame, because the food was otherwise good, we had excellent service, and a nice atmosphere.  We might consider coming back, but will probably try other places first.
5	Second time there in two weeks..The appetizer called simply "fried chicken" explains this place... It's nothing like fried chicken but everything and more...Simply Amazing!
5	hit up Spoon for date night last weekend and easily had one of the best dining experiences in the 412.first of all, i have a diesel truck.  it's big.  like really, really big.  and, this sometimes makes valet parking a gigantic pain in the ass.  not at spoon.  the kids there were actually fighting about who got to drive the beast.  extra points there.second of all, we made the reservation ahead of time through yelp's open table option about four days beforehand.  yelp kept reminding us of the reservation every time i logged on, and then Spoon also called to confirm a few hours before our 9pm slot.  all in all, super-easy and effective.third of all, we had one of the best waiters ever - douglas.  i liked the cut of this guy's jib from the get-go, and he proved himself to be worthy of a big tip throughout the night.  he was extremely attentive while being laidback and very knowledgeable without coming off like a snob.  fourth of all, the sangria was excellent.  normally, i like red sangria better than white.  but, the white sangria here totally hit the spot.  AND, it didn't have all of this ridiculous fruit jammed at the bottom of the glass.  we got a carafe, and it was worth it.fifth of all, the food was amaaaazing.  believe the hype about those biscuits: they're goddamn delicious...AND, douglas offered us seconds.  for the appetizer, we had the bone marrow & pork belly based on other yelp reviews.  while they were both top notch, my former-vegetarian girl keeps asking if we can go back to spoon just so we can have the pork belly, which actually melts in your mouth.  for entrees, we had the cod and scallops & prawns -- which were both perfect.  we'll definitely be back once we make it through our date night rotation.  five stars for sure!!!
5	I am from Philadelphia. It is a great food town. Best meal I've ever had in my life? Was in Pittsburgh. At Spoon. Thank the lord for Carnegie Mellon graduation weekend.Started off with the MOST AMAZING BREAD BASKET OF ALL TIME. Biscuits that were *gasp* filled with cheese. Mini *omg* corn muffins. Moist *aaaah* french bread. And the funny part is I never touch the bread basket. There that goes.First course: Lobster "Hot & Cold" aka a cup of creamy, rich lobster bisque and a dill-heavy mini lobster roll. This was solid - but the bites of the Deconstructed Bahn Mi and the Asparagus Soup I tried blew the simple lobster dish out of the water. But lobster. Gotta love it.Main: Miso Glazed Alaskan Black Cod. Best dish I may have ever been served in a restaurant. AND THERE WERE BONES IN IT. Under normal circumstances, I would have grabbed the waitress and sent her marching back to the kitchen in shame. But perched in an enticing bath of that glistening hot and sour broth over broccolini, shitakes and miso-brasied daikon? I spit 'em out and kept going. It was perfect. Salty, tangy, and rich - but light as air. Everything that miso and soy should be. The fish was *perfectly* cooked. The dumplings in the dish were an unnecessary afterthought. I ignored them. Overall - amazing.Other mains I tried were alright. The braised short ribs were amazing. The housemade chorizo? Alright. But my dish. The cod? The cod was unbelievable.Dessert: salted caramel ice cream. Perfect ending. But be aware: THE CHEESECAKE HAS POP ROCKS. POP ROCKS.  Enough said.Just to dump the other notes: the service was top notch - well timed courses, and attentive bus staff. My waitress suggested the cod, and for that I owe her everything. Casual, but elegant, vibe. Don't get the sangria - it was mostly water. Do bring lots of money and/or a sugar daddy. It's expensive.Do I recommend? Hell yes.
4	I have been here a number of times. The food is outstanding. It can be hard to get a table, so make a reservation. The bacon and eggs (pancetta and poached egg) appetizer is my favorite. It's a little pricey, hence the 4/5 and not 5 star review.
5	Where are you eating this weekend?  If it is any other place than Spoon, immediately cancel your other reservations and go to Spoon.  Other people have mentioned this, but the wonderfulness starts with the bread basket.  Warm cream cheese and chive bread with salted butter.  Do you need to know any more?  I have been to Spoon a few times and tried a few different appetizers, but my favorite so far is the "bacon and eggs."  Thsi is a giant piece of fried pork belly with a poached egg.  Although it most likely made my LDL double, I want to eat it at every meal.  The tomato bisque and "BLT" are also amazing, though not necessarily the best on a hot summer evening. For the main course, I have had the filet/short ribs combo (with the heavenly mashed potatoes) and the papardelle.  The only bad thing I can say is that out of ten stars, I'd give the papardelle maybe 9, which is still pretty damn good.  Other pros:  the wine list, David (our waiter), cheap valet parking, and the decor.  The only "con" is that if you're really hungry, you should probably get an appetizer and entree, as the entrees are a little on the smaller side.  But this is really a pro, as you get to eat more of Spoon's amazing food.
5	Delightful!I've been dying to try Spoon, and was very happy with what I experienced.  Walking in the door with a couple bottles of wine, the maitre'd offered to chill the white...very classy.The seating inside was a bit tight, but I don't care.  Admittedly I was on a first date, and know the table next to us was eves-dropping.  It doesn't bother me, but keep this in mind if you are planning to attend.Food was delicious!  I LOVE foie gras, and enjoyed the duo or preparations.  Both the miso-glazed butterfish and bacon-wrapped halibut were excellently prepared: they looked good and tasted good!Service was very friendly.  We definitely closed the place down, but were not pressured to leave.  I believe Melanie was our servers name...excellent job!I will be back, but next time think there will be a better vibe if you were to bring several people, not just a couple.
5	I live in San Francisco but when I came back to Pittsburgh for a visit a few weeks ago, I visited Spoon and it was AMAZING!.  Definitely one of the very best meals I've ever had in the 'Burgh.  HIGHLY reccommend it, and the chef, Bryan, is wonderful!
5	It's been awhile since I was there but I still wanted to say how much I loved it.  The food is playful and delcious (deconstructed fried chicken with mac n' cheese, etc)The service is amazing and the ambiance is really nice.  They don't pack people in like all the other comparable restaurants are doing these days.
5	There are plenty of trendy Pittsburgh restaurants where you get a nice steak.  Spoon is one of the few gourmet eateries where you can get something far more rare, you get surprised!  Everything on the menu was delicious, but about half of it was inventive gourmet diner food with fun, funky remixes of diner fare like chicken and dumplings, fried chicken and Mac and cheese and tomato soup with blt.  All of these had deeply inventive preparations and additions and were expertly prepared.  Spoon defiantly challenges the norms of what foods are allowed to be "gourmet".  Come hungry and expect to be delighted and surprised!
5	Spoon is very good restaurant with food that is "in the box". I went there on a Sunday night and the place was half full. I had the "fried chicken", grilled fillet + shortribs, and the strawberry tart. My girlfriend had the blue cheese souffle, the scallops, and the death by chocolate dessert. None of the food blew me away (except for the souffle and the strawberry tart), but all of it was well executed and tasted great. Expensive, but worth the money. The service was wonderful as well. I was concerned that there would be issues having one kitchen for 2 restaurants (Spoon and BRGR use the same kitchen), but they kitchen didn't miss a beat.
4	Great food, nice atmosphere, and interesting wine selection. Something for every palette.
5	Having finally tried Spoon I was very happy with my experience there.  The service was possibly the best I've received in Pittsburgh.  When I made the reservation they asked if it it was a special occasion (it was) and our server commented on it.  Also what was refreshing was that when my wife asked for a glass of wine recommendation without having the menu in front of us our waitress didn't bring her the most expensive glass on the menu.  They also automatically split the appetizer we were sharing onto two plates without us asking.   Overall the service was top notch. The food was also outstanding.  We were thrilled with our appetizer, and both our dinners.  The bread basket they bring out was also amazing.  Overall I was thrilled with our dinner there and the dining experience.
5	Wow, what a pleasant surprise.  I had heard good things, and finally had the opportunity to try this gem.  First, our waiter, Ralph, and the other staff, were the most professional wait staff I have encountered in Pittsburgh.  These guys could make a go of it in Manhattan.  Second, the bread basket was delicious, a small corn muffin, a cheesey herbed biscuit, and delicious baguette.  Then we split an appetizer and salad.  All done in the kitchen.  We could have split an entre, but glad we didnt. the butterfish was delectable and the scallops and crab cake were spectacular.  There was a thin covering of crispy duck skin on the scallops,  Wow.  sorry we did not have room for desert.  Wine list was a nice mix, we had a very nice sauvignon blanc/semillon blend  from france for $35.  Go to spoon, I will entertain there again.
5	Start with the Heirloom tomato appetizer (they split it for the 2 of us for a perfect appetizer) and then try the Monkfish (fish lovers) or the grilled Filet + Braised Beef Short Ribs (beef lovers) and I can tell you that you will not be disappointed. This was the best meal I have enjoyed this year and I would highly recommend it. The service was impeccable as well!
4	Came here for a date with fiance.I totally agree with Amy C. and Mel U.  the tasting menu is the way to go. What we had: The bread basket (definitely needs to be remarked on.  This was so good.  The cream cheese chive biscuit was insane, and the butter was sweetened and tasted great on the other selections!)Offally Delicious (the calves tongue was delicious and tendered while the grilled bread did a great job of getting the terrine and rilletes into my mouth!)Gorgonzola Blue Cheese Souffle (I was worried that the blue cheese was going to overpower the other components, but it was wonderfully light and airy and the apples and pears beautifully complemented it.)Day Boat Scallops and Crabcake (I loved the scallop.  It was perfectly cooked and tasted sweet!  The crabcake was also delicious even though I have never been a huge fan and I thought that the aioli was a great addition)Grilled Filet and Braised Short Rib (This was the only dish that fell a bit short for me.  I thought that the filet was exquisite and perfectly cooked, but the short rib was a little too sickly sweet for my taste. The accompaniments were delicious specifically the duck fat potatoes and the baby vegetables.)Chocolate Dessert (the cake was delicious, but the amaretto chocolate milk shooter stole the show.  This thing was delicious and I am glad that it only came as a shooter because I would have tried to consume more had I had the chance and I was already full to the brim.)Overall the food was delicious, though I found the service a bit lacking.  Things took longer than they should have in terms of the water service as well as getting bread or any help with the menu until about 15 minutes into sitting down.  Things were a little slack throughout the meal as well with lacking plate descriptions and the water (this is even with the personal carafes of water on the table) and bread service (multiple requests for bread had to be made) continuing to have problems.   Without the service issues this place would definitely be a 5 star establishment.
5	I really like Spoon.  I love their drinks, I like the atmosphere, I like the staff, and I enjoy the array of culinary offerings.  They first entice you with this awesome bread basket.  If a place has warm, fresh bread with fresh butter, they've already started me off on the right foot.  Let me elaborate on that...if the bread comes out stale and cold, and the butter comes out cold and like someone threw a few slabs on land o'lakes on a butter dish, I'm already mentally preparing myself for a disappointing meal.  I mean, at that point, why even serve bread?? Just seems pointless and silly to me.  Ok, enough about the bread.  Just know it's reeaaally yummy.I first enjoyed this place with my friend Rachel.  We sat at the bar where the bartenders were quite handy and helpful in letting us know what they'd recommend in terms of drink and food.  I believe this was my first experience with a Sazerac and with a cocktail that had egg whites in it.  I know, seems kind of crazy and dangerous, but maybe it was just that much more yummy knowing I was being unruly and edgy with my egg whites drink.  It's not like Rocky-style drinking eggs, but more like a frothy foamy treat.  These mixologists know what they're doing and certainly take pride in their craft.We shared a few appetizers and an entree..remember, sharing is caring! And really, it's the way to go with food..you get to try a little bit of everything!  I don't remember not liking anything I put in my mouth that night.  But one dish particularly stood out.  If you go to Spoon, you simply MUST order the bacon and eggs.  Pork belly, poached egg, spinach, hollandaise..pretty much the equation to a foodgasm.  It was delicate, decadent, rich, and oh....so...tasty!  The dish itself is beautifully presented and well thought out.  Reminded me of breakfast but so much better.  We had it for dessert, because I knew we had to save the best for last.  My favorite part is slowly forking the poached egg that laid gently atop the braised pork belly.  I equated it to the joy of the first break in a creme brulee crust, holding my breath a bit until the deed was done.  Not sure why I hold my breath...Watching the yolk slowly run down the plate and lightly cover everything was a delight.  It was sort of the glue that brought all the elements together into one perfect, celestial bite. mmmmmm...I've been back here with Jhon and I was once again not disappointed.  We loved their drinks and butterfish.  All in all, I am a big fan!
3	Pretty good restaurant - we went there for a celebration dinner and had a good time.  However, they told us three times at the door that we needed a reservation and that "apparently everyone had arrived to eat at the same time..."  Yet I looked around and saw gray haired folks sitting at maybe 8 or so of the ~20 tables.  Uh, okay - I get that you're trying to convey trendiness, but it's a Wednesday night, there's no one here, and I just got asked for money by random street folks two times while walking to the door.  The food was pretty good - not much of it and nothing to write home about.  My scallops and crab cake were tasty and properly cooked.  However, for the price and atmosphere, I'd love to have something in Pittsburgh more like Lola in Cleveland or other five stars with serious soul and love in the food.  For example, at Lola recently, we got recommendations for apps, wine, and desserts that would taste yummy with our food.  But none of the five different people who came to our table ever chatted with us about  other things we could eat, what we were eating, etc.  I did get a few pieces of info about the wine from the waiter, but he didn't seem particularly excited about us eating there (we were the only ones in the room under 40, and most patrons looked like sleepy rich old folks).Can't put my finger on it, but I just can't see myself raving about this restaurant to others.  I wouldn't strongly recommend it to my friends unless they or I have a client, new hire, or out-of-town visitor that really needs to be impressed.  That being said, make sure to valet if you want to impress - we were asked for money as soon as we exited the door and walked to our car.
5	Spoon is a classy restaurant for those looking to further refine their palate. The ambiance is inviting, the service superb, and the food is a culinary symphony for the mouth. Dress code was rather casual with fellow patrons sporting slacks, jeans and button downs. It made me feel that I need not break out my little black dress for a late evening supper. I dined on their duck two ways and my S.O. enjoyed the grilled filet + braised beef short ribs. Overall I am looking forward to returning and will have to try their the tasting menu.
4	Pretty decent restaurant, just not as amazing as I was expecting. Went here on a date with my husband and we both agree it's not a great date spot unless you don't like to talk to your significant other. It was far too loud for any sort of conversation and the tables were so close together you could hear what everyone around you was discussing. On the flip side, the food was very nice. We had the Caesar Salad, Salmon Hot & Cold (scrumptious), Duck Two Ways, Filet & Short Ribs, and the apple and baklava desserts. Everything came out gorgeously plated, though we found the portions to be a little small. The salmon app was cooked to perfection, as was my duck breast. The husband insists his short ribs could have been cooked more, but I had some and they were pretty tasty. One random side-note: there was a medley of delicious but unidentifiable roasted root veggies on my plate and one of them (the orange-ish one) I hated violently. It tasted like sour dirt. I am confident it's a personal preference, but I'd love to know what it was so I can avoid it in the future. I don't think it was the turnips.Back to the food: dessert was also very tasty, if a bit small-portioned. And, as an added bonus, Spoon has a great specialty cocktail list. I had the Vancouver in a Glass, which was wonderfully scotch-y and weirdly effervescent. In my opinion, an imaginative specialty cocktail menu gives a restaurant serious bonus points. It's also worth noting that they had a very extensive wine menu.The service was not bad, not awesome either though. I'm still not sure who my server was, which made it that much harder to tip. At least three people came to the table more than once, and we were a little over-waited on.Overall, I'll be back, but preferably with a group
5	Our party of three had been turned away two prior occasions as 'walk-ins', so needless to say, the bar was set very high when we finally had our meal there.  I made reservations two days ahead via Open Table, and was called later to re- confirm. (Ok, bar set even higher...). Our table was ready for us that Saturday night, a generously sized and comfortable corner banquette, well illuminated.  Our server was very friendly and unpretentious and able to answer questions about the menu. We had appetizers - gnocchi with cippollini and lamb ragout, Gorgonzola souffle with pear and wild greens and classic Caesar salad with anchovies.  All very good.  I was especially impressed with my gnocchi as it arrived in a deep, warmed bowl which kept my portion hot, from first bite to last drop of the flavorful broth/sauce (would it be bad form to pick up the bowl and drink the juice?!).  For entrees, we had olive- crusted lamb loin on a bed of kale with wild mushroom bread pudding, skate with couscous and tomato/citrus compote and crispy-skin wild bass with haricot verts and roasted baby potatoes. All portions were generous and beautifully presented by multiple servers who described each dish as they placed it before us.  For dessert, we shared two different dishes:  Spoon chocolate ganache cake, a chewy browny-like base, topped with cheesecake-like layer and finished with chocolate mouse topping and Baklava, with a small chocolate pots de creme and mascarpone mousse - both exquisite, satisfying and just enough. The only misstep - not hot enough French press coffee. We felt welcomed, well taken care of and well fed. As far as 'passing the bar', Spoon cleared it with miles to spare!  This trio will be back!! It's at the top of our list for dinner destinations here in Pittsburgh!!
5	It's almost not worth writing a review since everyone else has already posted 4-5 stars, but I'm going to throw my hat in the ring anyway--Spoon was that good. We went for our anniversary and had the meal of a lifetime. The bread basket was AMAZING (sometimes I wonder aloud if I can order it to go), the appetizers delicious, and the entrees superb. We took a dessert home to the friend who was babysitting, and she said it was excellent. Really nothing was less than 5 stars. Even the service was terrific--we told them it was our anniversary and they waived the corkage fee on our bottle of wine. Very thoughtful. We can't wait to go back for another special occasion (unfortunately it's not priced to be a regular outing for us), if only to load up on the bread basket again. Yum.
4	I have been to Spoon several times.  There are few things to say about it since everything is great here. Atmosphere and food+service quality.  They bring out some nice bread too with your meal.  Personal suggestion: duo of pork! Amazing.
5	My wife and I dined again at Spoon last Saturday.  And again, it was a top shelf experience.  The food alone is worth coming back to.  Chef/owner Brian Pekarcik's use of flavors, textures and prime ingredients is a joy to one's palate.  But our waiter, Douglas, was just what one expects from a professional .  I admit that we did have to listen to the annoying couple next to us from the outlying suburbs talk about the cost of coming into the city.  if I had my druthers, I would hope she stayed in her neighborhood more so the rest of us do not have to listen to her whining.
4	The food was very good.The waiters were a little weird but polite.
4	First let me start by saying that East Liberty was alive and buzzing!  So nice to see after the many years of seeing the community continue to deteriorate beyond belief!As for the old Bell Atlantic store...the atmosphere was warm and beautiful, waitstaff attentive, and the presentation of food was as if it were prepared on the Iron Chef!  Six of us had salads, Caesar, the house greens and the lobster beat,  all artistically prepared and tasty.  We all wished they were larger portions!  The bread basked contained two very yummy muffins, a dill-corn muffin and a cheese muffin, both delish!I had the tandoori salmon dish for my entree, nice size portion (gave 1/2 the fish to my hubby)--deliciously prepared with lentils and curried onion and peppers.  I loved all of the flavors and textures.  My husband had the scallop dish, they were cooked perfectly!  For dessert our table ordered a couple portions of the lemon poppyseed pound cake and chocolate mousse cake--yummy but too small of a portion, even for one!Mixed cocktails and wine by the glass were pricey, but I guess you have to expect that at a new trendy restaurant!I would go back, without a doubt.  I would have given this place 5 stars if the salad and dessert portions were just a tad bigger.
3	We'be been here twice. First time was crazy good. It was a Saturday and food, wine, and service were all top notch. Second time? Not so much. It was a random Tuesday and we just wanted something a little special. I ordered the skate wing and boyfriend ordered the pork trio. My fish wasn't bad, just too salty for me, but the sides with it did help balance and overall, it was enjoyable. Boy's pork dishes were all good, but the sides were a little odd tasting and disappointing. But the food isn't what brought my star rating down it was the service. We were ignored in an almost empty dining room for probably 15 minutes (no drink orders, walked by by the servers). Once we did get to order, our questions were answered reluctantly. We definitely felt unwelcome and like we were bothering our server the entire time. We didn't order wine or dessert and got the impression we weren't spending enough money to de worth their time. Not thrilled and probably won't be back anytime soon.
5	Wow.  I wasn't sure what to expect after reading the reviews.  Was I going to a place that was lacking on service, but food seemed great?  Well I'm here to tell you that the service, drinks, and dinner were all 5 stars.  The ice cream desserts, were only 3 stars though.  Still this equates to an overall 5 star experience to me.First, we ordered some drinks at the bar because we arrived a little early.  I ordered the Fizzy Gin drink ... can't remember the exact name, but WOW.  Phenomenal flavor.  The bartender told us all of the ingredients in the drink and then even showed us how they injected the CO2 into the drink.  Next we were seated and explained the menu.  Our server whose name escapes me at this moment, was extremely bubbly and helpful with any questions we had.  The bread then came out.  The cornbread muffins were quite scrumptious.  The buttermilk biscuit w/cream cheese was also great.  Even the regular bread was excellent.  The butter came out with salt on top, which is a favorite small detail of mine.  I ordered the duo of lamb.  I believe it came with lamb loin and shoulder.  (could be wrong about the loin part).  It was served on a bed of greens and cooked medium rare.  It was pure perfection.  The flavors were just superb.  The shoulder portion came on a sort of very small cake of stuffing and was covered with sauteed mushrooms and onions.  Very good, but didn't have the wow factor that the other part of the entree had.  Nonetheless, it was thoroughly enjoyed.Finally, the ice cream came.  I ordered the salted caramel.  It really lacked much caramel flavor and the salted part....?  I maybe got a hint of it?  Maybe?  Also, the ice cream itself was full of ice crystals.  I wondered if it sat in the freezer too long?  Compared to the rest of the meal, this was a bit disappointing.  However, I still finished it, as it was ice cream after all.  Overall, I can't wait to come back!
4	Went here last weekend for a nice night out with my girlfriend. Got easy reservations through Yelp (I always love not having to haggle for a time & table). Even though we ran late, the staff was welcoming. Our waitress was courteous and accommodating but didn't stop every 5 minutes to see how we were doing. That being said, I never had to ask for a refill, a dish to be taken away, nothing! She had EXCELLENT knowledge of the menu (including the drink menu) and was great with recommending items. We were more than satisfied with the menu although our appetizer could've been a bit more (3 small but delicious pieces of bread). The attention to culinary perfection was quite evident and the atmosphere coupled with the food made for a great date night. I have already and will continue to recommend this place to friends and I'll be sure to visit again soon. I might also recommend the tandoori salmon.
4	Five stars for the food, but 3 stars for service (at best)=4 stars totalSo, the food was the best I have had so far in Pittsburgh, without any doubt better than all the other restaurants I really like in the city (Salt, Legume, etc.). It may be slightly more expensive than these restaurants (not even sure), but the few additional dollars are worth it.My gorgonzola souffle was very light, and it had a delicious, strong taste of Gorgonzola. This came with what I believe was a sauce made of bitter apple (not sure) - original combination, which worked very well. The two main courses (quail and duo of lamb) were succulent. The quail and foie gras is a traditional dish,  but it is done superbly well. The dessert (panna cotta) was nice, but less remarkable. Now the service was also stunning, but in a very bad way. A waiter came to take the plate of my appetizer away and to serve the main courses, while I was still eating the appetizer! This was outrageous. Apparently, they wanted to close the kitchen. True,  we had a late booking on a sunday, but if you can't serve people properly don't have alte bookings, and we were not even the last customers. And then the waiter was hesitant about serving us another glass of wine - we had to insist. And then another waiter was unable to bring us two expressos without spilling some...
3	Really? I disagree with y'all. I had a lot of rich, buttery but ultimately forgettable food here. Twice. Too contrived for me. Braised short ribs were boring. Bacon + Eggs was a bit overcooked and the atmosphere was stuffy.
4	Great food and very good presentation. Menu is fairly pricey, but worth the expense. Wine list seems to be marked up by 3.5x or 4x, which seems a bit excessive. Had the wine list been priced a bit more reasonably, I would have given this place five  stars.  My recommendation, go to casbah for happy hour first, then head to Spoon for dinner!
3	My experience can best be summed up as: underwhelming. I'm going to preface this by saying that I'm going to try to give Spoon the benefit of the doubt, hope they were having an 'off' night, and try 'em again..sometime. But, for now, I'm a staunch 3-starrer. We decided to dine here on a random Tuesday evening. There were a few other tables inhabited by an elderly man and his buxom 20-something date (way too much cleav to be his granddaughter, for realz), and a few 40-something groups that were rather loudly discussing things affluent or wannabe-affluent people discuss (islands to vacation on, etc.). I wasn't real into that, but whatevs. Spoon can't tell them to STFU, after all. We were seated by one of the big windows in the section to the right of the entrance, and as I turned around to look out that window, I noticed a thick layer of dust on the sill, as well as several dead flies. Yuck. Not appetizing to say the least. Then, I looked at the fire exit door, which was right behind my bf (we were wedged into a corner two top). There were lines of grease (WD 40?) running down the door. Kiiiinda gross. So, I didn't love that.Our waitress was pretty good, although quite wide-eyed and speaking super fast, like she was on amphetamines, haha. Regardless, she gave us the time we needed and food came out correctly, so service was solid. Now, as for the food... The 'bacon and eggs' was rad. Love me some pork belly, and theirs did not disappoint! The egg, hollandaise, and asparagus all complemented the pork perfectly. Oh, and yes, like errybody said - those cheesy biscuits are AWESOME. However, the main courses were merely meh.My bf got the salmon and I got the pasta. He said his salmon was just "not that great", and he didn't finish his meal, which is rare, especially because he loves salmon. My pasta was in a cream sherry sorta sauce, and I love those kinda sauces, but it was just so bland. Plus, the micro greens on top both annoyed me (Grow up, micro greens! I don't need any hoity toity baby leaves.), and competed with the flavor of the sauce (what little there was, at least) rather than complementing it. In short: I just wasn't that into it. My leftovers came home with me and wound up hanging out in the fridge until I tossed 'em out on garbage night. And few things suck more than dropping over $120 on a Tuesday night dinner you wind up chucking. I'm hoping my next Spoon experience isn't the same!
4	Everything was great. Wish the craft beer selection was a bit better. Some draft would be nice too. Craft beer pairs great wiwith the excellent food.
5	Food was delicious! They had several types of bread/rolls, including a delicious dill-cornbread type muffin.  Started off with the blue cheese souffle. I split it and they even cut it and put out on two plates with a little of the side salad on each one. It was the perfect portion size since it was so rich. As an entree, I got the dish with steak (perfectly cooked to medium rare with fresh, crisply cooked vegetables) and the short rib with duck fat mashed potatoes. The short rib was amazing, incredibly tender and perfectly seasoned. The duck fat mashed potatoes were divine. Service was attentive but not overbearing, which was good. I can't speak for the rest of the entrees at the table, as I didn't taste them, but everyone enjoyed their meals. The design inside is nice, and there are several seating areas, including an outside patio and a room that can be partitioned off with a curtain. Bathrooms were clean and nice as well. Overall a great experience!
5	Dined at Spoon for my 30th birthday. What a great experience!! These folks aren't kidding about the bread basket, it's delightful. My mother had eaten at Chef Brian's other restaurants in San Francisco and San Diego, and we were pleased to see that he was just named Pittsburgh's top chef of 2012. Sadly, he wasn't there, as we wanted to meet him, but we did get to talk with his assistant, Chef Dave, for a while. What a great guy!I should also note that our server, I think his name was Ralph, was wonderful. Honestly, this is the best service I have had in a long long time. Completely attentive and very helpful. Two appetizers... The Gorgonzola Souffle was truly wonderful. Rich, but light. The Turf on Surf (that we "made fly" with the addition of seared foie gras) was awesome; the braised short rib was so tender and juicy, and the lobster cake with lobster hollandaise was unreal.Entrees... Duck two ways had two duck breasts served over perfectly braised carrots and also a crispy duck salad. Both were top notch. The Lamb plate had braised lamb over a mushroom bread pudding (great textural contrast) and I believe the other side of the plate had roasted lamb. I didn't try my husbands scallops, nor would he have let me if I wanted to.Desserts... We ordered three (gulp), and Chef Dave sent us a fourth. That was awesome! All in all, we got everything except for the cheese plate. The Spoon Bar has rightfully earned its place among the top 100 desserts in America. The Almond Cake with Gelee and Macerated Fruit was so fresh and delicious. The "strawberry" dessert was a high-level take on a Pittsburgh party staple, the Jell-O Preztel Salad. This is the first time I've ever felt fancy eating those favors together. It was fabulous! Also, Chef Dave sent us a banana chocolate custard tart, which was, of course, lovely. Spoon was fabulous, we are already looking forward to trying out their new Cranberry location.
4	Cream cheese and chive biscuits, where have you been my whole life?  You taste like sophisticated ranch dressing in bread form, and I love you.You are spectacular, too, Thai shellfish tasting. Soft shell crab, middleneck clams, cilantro-marinated shrimp, papaya and jicama salad with toasted peanuts, red curry emulsion: dead sexy.And, scallops.  With your perfect sear, your succulent mushrooms, and your bed of tender spinach.  Run away with me.You seduce, communal cocktails.  You're sheer genius in your elegant pitchers, enough of you for a table to share.Farm-to-table philosophy, you slay me.  You're my favorite way to dine.  The list of partner farms on your menu is extensive and comforting.Wrap me up in your warm tones and soft lighting, ambiance.  You make me feel special.But, service, I'm a little mad atcha.  I won't be ignored.
5	I pass spoon at least once a day, and each time I've thought of going there I've ended up at Casbah again and again because I like what I like and I don't like what I don't know...at least until I know it and love it. (seems legit, I know.)Anyway, last night after a day of shopping (exhausting, but c'est la vie) we stopped over on highland to look up Cure's number as we couldn't remember if it was open Sundays. It is not. "How about Spoon?" excellent decision.Ambiance does not usually make it or break if for me. I'll go for Calla Lily or Eleven; Milanos or Dinette. Spoon's atmosphere was lovely, though, and deserves recognition. Dark, but not cheesecake factory dark (honestly, turn some lights on), with enough space for comfort and privacy. A decent lounging area that I'm guessing gets packed Friday and Saturdays.We started with some cocktails that came around the time the breads came out. The muffins and chives/cream cheese scones were warm and melt-in-your-mouth delicious. We immediately asked for more scones to replenish our depleted stomachs while we sipped on some very tasty drinks, the sliberty smash (fruity) and vancouver in a glass (sweet). Both had little to no bite, yet still packed a punch. The chicken two ways was fantastic. Barley risotto cooked perfectly with tasty pepper accent and artichokes. AND THEN THE DESSERT. We got the spoon bar and the almond cake. The chocolate had excellent texture and beautiful aroma, and the almond cake was moist and light. I can't remember the last time I had a berry dessert that good. We'll be back.
3	We had a fairly memorable meal ruined by the greeter at the door. We called on Fathers Day for a reservation and was told 830 pm. When we arrived we were told the kitchen closes at 9 ???? Why would you give someone a reservation for 8:30 when your kitchen closed at 9 pm on Fathers Day. A party arrived after us and was seated. Its a beautiful space with a great waitstaff but you never get a second chance to make a first impression. I just wanted to make sure the owner and the people that work so hard to make it a great restaurant knew what a jackass they had at the front door.
2	The food deserves 3 stars but I knocked off a star due to sheer disappointment. I have been spoiled living in NYC (and previously SF). If this is the best restaurant in Pittsburgh, then I can't wait to go back to New York. The bf (who recently moved here to start a fellowship) took me here for my birthday given all of its hype on Yelp. This has been one of those rare instances where Yelp has failed me. Either the chef wasn't in the kitchen tonight or this place is just mediocre regardless. I have to admit that the bread basket was outstanding (best bread basket I've ever had), but that's as far as it goes. The sangria was fine. The island rum punch burned my throat and was left untouched thereafter. The pork belly was underwhelming (oh how I miss that pork belly at L'Ecole in Soho), but I did like the fried oyster. The shrimp and pappardelle was extremely salty, but since the portion was pretty small I was able to finish it. The halibut was perfectly cooked (although I wasn't asked how I preferred it) but it was under-seasoned as well. The best part of the halibut dish was the "hash brown". The shrimp accompanying it wasn't seasoned (or at least tasted like it was simply boiled). The bacon-wrapped veal (medium-rare) was also perfectly cooked, but the bacon fat made the veal taste like deli ham through and through. The sausage wasn't anything special either. Surprisingly (or maybe not surprisingly come to think of it), we did not finish our entrees. The components of the entrees just didn't go well together for me. The raved-about "bacon and eggs" and miso glazed cod weren't on the menu, but I figured all the entrees would be spectacular. We declined dessert, but the bf was expecting at least a complementary birthday candle or something of the sort. This was actually the first restaurant I've ever been to that did not offer anything for the birthday girl.Like many of you, I've also eaten at the best restaurants in NY and SF, and I really cannot believe all the hype. I expected more given that Chef Brian worked at Gary Danko in SF (which I had gone to for my birthday as well and had an amazing experience). I wish Chef Brian lots of luck and hope for continued growth and better food.(P.S. The online menu needs to be updated. I was looking forward to the Thai shellfish tasting, but that's no longer on the menu.)
4	My husband and I planned to eat at Spoon as our one fancy meal during a recent trip to Pittsburgh, and we were not disappointed.  The servers were very attentive and did everything possible to make our experience memorable, and the food was wonderful.  I started with the blue cheese gorgonzola souffle, which right now is being served with a stone fruit salad.  (Mine was almost all peaches with a few plum slices.)  By itself the souffle would have been too overpowering, but alternated with bites of the salad, it made for a very balanced dish.  My main course was chicken two ways, which has been described here by others, so I'll just say that it was a wonderful choice and surprisingly filling.  For dessert, I had peach-sage sorbet, which was divine!My husband is never quite as sure of himself in a fancy place like this, but he had a very good experience as well.  He started with the prawns and cantaloupe, which he liked very much (although he was a little freaked out that the prawns were served entire).  Next, he had the barbecued brisket, which was served with white cheddar mac 'n cheese and coleslaw.  He thought the coleslaw, which contained red peppers and several other unusual vegetables, was a little strange, but he ate it all, and he thought the other components of the entree were very good.  For dessert, he had brown sugar-cinnamon ice cream.  It was a little bland for my taste, but he enjoyed it very much.I doubt we'll ever have the opportunity to dine at Spoon again, but it was a memorable meal and worth every penny.
5	Fantastic meal, excellent service, nice ambiance.  I will definitely return!
2	Oh, Spoon. We gave this fine establishment a shot when we were feeling fancy for dinner one night. It came highly recommended based on Yelp and friend reviews. I had been dying to try it out myself for months now so I was excited when we settled on there for dinner.Oh, boy. I really loved the decor and the low lighting. I like any ambiance that makes it feel like an official date night (even if "we're" not calling it that ;). We chose to sit at the bar as the next earliest reservation was for 8.30PM (it was 6PM at the time), which was funny because for the two hours we were there the restaurant stayed half-empty.The bar is wide enough to accommodate meal-eatin' so we were just fine up there. The bartender service started off a tad slow, as in almost non-existent. It seemed like they were both tired, but by the end of the night they had picked it up and were more chatty and aware.We started off splitting the duck 3 ways. The confit cake was super delicious, the breast lacked any discernable flavor, and the liver mousse was just bad. The grilled peaches paired well with the confit cake, but the balsamic reduction added nothing to anything on the plate. We actually noticed that they seem to like to put purees and reductions with a lot of their dishes where it doesn't fit or make sense. Instead of the balsamic mixing well to enhance the flavor of the item, it just felt like it sat on top and you could distinctly taste balsamic and whatever else you were eating. Just getting the peaches and confit cake would have been ok with us.Bread basket, as everyone has noted, was absolutely delicious. Their cornbread is amazingly good as is the honey butter.For entrees I ordered the chicken two ways since it is what everyone raves about and he got striped bass. Neither dish impressed us much. There was just something lacking about my chicken. Maybe I was expecting too much from it since Eleven has the most amazing roasted chicken in the city (no lie). The walnut stuffed leg and couscous were pretty good, but the breast was bland and the peach puree made no sense. And I have no clue what honey lemon essence they were referring to on the plate. The striped bass was just weird. The foam on top did NOTHING for the dish. On the plus side, the veggies were tasty!If I had to describe Spoon, it would be that it is a fancy place pretending to serve good food. They have fancy decorations, fancy looking dishes, but it's all surface level. It's not "bad" food, per se. It's just not very good for what you are paying.
5	I had my 23rd birthday party here with 5 other friends. Since I'm still in college I would say this place is very pricy.HOWEVER, all of us was amazed by the service and the food.The bread before meal was just absolutely delicious. I also most wanted to just eat that for the whole dinner. It comes with 5 different types. Love the one with cream cheese inside!I ordered ramen for appetizer. OMG it was soooo good. It's kinda a bad thing that they change their menu all the time. I want the ramen again...
5	It's been a challenge trying to find a restaurant in Pittsburgh that tops Salt, but Spoon may give it a run for its money.  The ambiance made a magnificent first impression; I felt like I really stepped into a special, quiet enclave removed from the rest of the world.Our waitress was very helpful in explaining the drink menu.  She even brought out a sample of Pimm's, which I had never heard of.  As others have said, the bread basket is divine, rivaling top restaurants in New York.  Biscuits and cornbread are two of my favorite types of bread, but the baguette was a little boring.We shared the duck 2 ways as an appetizer, and they split it into two beautifully plated dishes!  The confit cake was one of the best ways I've ever tasted duck.  Peaches and balsamic were a nice way to balance out the flavor profile.Presentation remained a highlight of the meal as the entrees came out.  My halibut dish looked like a piece of art, with the fish highlighted in the middle and tower-like shrimp cakes anchoring the corners.  My girlfriend's scallop dish was also elegantly plated, and quite tasty too.  Another aspect that stood out was the combination of two different proteins or preparations in each entree.  They offered delicious variety without fragmentation.Having eaten a heavy lunch, we were too full to continue on with dessert, but the descriptions didn't look terribly interesting anyway.  Spoon is an ideal venue for a special meal, providing an exquisite contemporary atmosphere without sacrificing taste and innovation.
4	We where just visiting  the area and we look at the reviews and that's what made our decision to eat at the Spoon. The bread was excellent mouth watering! My husband and I had the steak and spare ribs and it was an excellent choice very devious and juicy.
5	I was blown away by my experience at Spoon. The ambiance is just spectacular and the food is phenomenal. Hands down this is the best restaurant in Pittsburgh. Our waiter was helpful and had great recommendations. I ordered the trio of pork : Picture this a perfectly  marinated tenderloin, pork belly "haluski", Napa cabbage + bacon kraut, haricot verts, caramelized figs, pear + apple puree. It was absolutely succulent and fabulous.  The wine, the ambiance, and the food..will have you begging for more for sure!
3	I love, love, love the atmosphere of Spoon. In addition to the impeccable let me tell you about the perfection that is Spoon's bread basket: the biscuits in the bread basket were like little pieces of butter and chive heaven rolled in Christmas joy. So amazing.  The wine mumsie selected for our meal was equally as delicious and my meal was solid. I enjoyed a scallops dish while the rest of my group dined on burgers, the fish of the day and pork respectively.  A truly lovely birthday dinner, but I would urge the chef to reconsider the amount of salt.  The overbearing saltiness of my dish took what would have been a 4-star review to 3. That being said, I would definitely go back again!
2	Quote of the night: "we serve our beer @ 52 degrees" We were in town for the Bruins vs penguins game....oh wait.... and decided to hit up Spoon for a lat e dinner on Saturday night. We arrived a little early for our 8:30 reservation and stood at bar and took in the cool vibe. Very dark lighting, high ceilings and nice size tables not too cramped together. At exactly 8:30 we were sat. Hey, alright. No menus were left. Our waiter did not do the restaurant any favors. He was inefficient, inattentive and pretentious. All the things the former server in me wants to choke out of another server. When our 2 Amstel lights finally came out to us at room temperature and husband asked "could I get a cold beer?"  See response above. I don't even know what to do with that.  Bread off the chartsFood good not greatPortions for price are on the small sideWhile not the worst dining experience we have had, I would certainly not say "When in Pittsburgh you MUST eat at spoon." Maybe Fork across the street...
4	After graduating from CMU in May, Sam and I went back to Pittsburgh for my very first "college alum visit."  The original plan for our Saturday date night is one of our old time favorites Meat and Potatoes, but after spotting Hanger Tartare on Spoon's menu, we made the reservation right away. The tartare was prepared with an amazing cut of beef and classic accompaniments: quail egg yolk, buttered brioche, fresh greens, radish and...as an exciting surprise, a side of foie gras mousse. What a solid appetizer. Our second appetizer is a bit shy on flavor but definitely creative: foie gras deviled eggs with house made pork pate and pork ravioli. Foie's richness of slightly clashed with other tangy ingredients and the ravioli filling could be more tender.Then comes the entrees, which were basically flawless. Our choices are Hanger Steak "Bordelaise" and Braised Veal Short Ribs with Crispy Sweet Breads. I know they sound like rich on rich on rich, but their meat to veggie to starch ratio composed the perfect meal. I was mostly impressed by the sweet breads: extremely tender on the inside and delightfully crunchy on the outside, which balanced out their natural mushiness. Thank you our awesome charming waiter for recommending it!Great food, great wine, great cocktails, great sweets and cheeses...it was a great night!
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in the country. Everything was delicious and I had a hard time not over eating here. The chocolate dessert was the perfect ending.
3	I wanted to love it, but walked away disappointed. Perhaps the staff was having an off night, but from start to finish the whole operation seemed, well, disconnected. More than once, I found myself having to ask the server for the basics...like menus and water. The cocktails, however, were yummy and I had several of these. From my perspecvtive, dinner was okay. I ordered the crispy skin Skuna Bay salmon (cooked medium rare), my parents each ordered the beef + veal. They enjoyed, but the portion was very small. Honestly, I love salmon, but felt like the salmon at Spoon was missing something. Flavor perhaps? We also shared a side of the butternut squash risotto - again nothing to write home about. Tasted very plain, failing to deliver any butternut squash flavor. We did not order dessert as we had dessert plans somewhere elese. Would I return? No, but give it a try. Perhaps you'll have a better experience.
5	Consistently delivers and is my favorite restaurant in Pitt. Great for a date.
4	I was looking for a nice restaurant to treat my college student to a nice dinner on parents weekend, and Spoon fit the bill!  The atmosphere was casual elegant with candlelight and the service was attentive.As to the food, I was very impressed, although some dishes shone more than others. The server said that the menu changes frequently, so I don't know if these items are going to be on the menu again, but the kabocha squash soup was delicious and beautifully presented! The wild boar sausage appetizer was not as well received. There was something "off" about the taste of it. The best entree ordered was the dry aged strip and short ribs. I ordered the crispy skin salmon,. which was very good if not particularly memorable.  The wines by the glass were delicious.The desserts were really a highlight of the meal. Each dessert features a particular ingredient, and we tried all four of them: chocolate, apple, pear and butternut squash. The spoon bar was especially decadent. Definitely recommend saving room for dessert!
5	Spoon has a nice ambiance with low lighting and leather sofas by the fireplace. The food is equally impressive. I had a grilled chicken salad, pretty standard dish, but it was probably the softest, most moist chicken breast I ever tasted. I would love to know what they put in the marinade. My bf had the venison, seasonal dish, which I tried from his plate. It was great, cooked just right with the right portion size. Also to note is the friendliness of the staff and their stellar bread.
4	Spectacular service but remind yourself you are paying premium dollars. There are always interesting items on the menu. If you're not an adventurous eater, you might want to steer away. There are many asian-fusion influenced dishes. So be prepared to dine and not just eat. If you're on a budget, I wouldn't recommend Spoon.
3	My boyfriend and I have eaten dinner at Spoon twice now.  We did not enjoy our first dining experience there this past summer...it was expensive, the portions were small, and we did not find out entrees particularly tasty. However, after receiving a gift card to Spoon over the holidays and checking out some of the new, seasonal menu items, we decided to give it another shot.This time around, we found our experience much more enjoyable.  I started off with a glass of the red sangria, while my boyfriend went with a scotch on the rocks.  My sangria was perfectly sweet and served with a single slice of blood orange.  While sipping our drinks, we dug into the delicious bread basket: biscuits, cornbread, and baguette slices, served warm and with honey butter. Definitely a highlight.We decided to skip the appetizers and just order entrees.  I went with the vegetarian tasting, which consisted of "housemade tamale, refried lentils, roasted pepper ragout, tomatillo salsa, and tortilla soup."  The soup was probably my favorite part of this dish.  It was smoky, creamy, and garnished with tortilla chips and a bit of broccoli.  The rest of the dish was light and tasty.  Spoon doesn't have many vegetarian options, but I would recommend this entree to any vegetarians who are considering dining here.Finally, we ended the meal with a scoop of bacon ice-cream.  Yes, bacon.  Not something I would normally choose, but my boyfriend was intrigued.  The ice-cream had a sweet maple flavor, to which the bacon pieces added some saltiness and smokiness.  We had a hard time deciding if we enjoyed it or not.  Definitely an interesting flavor combination.Overall, I would say that we enjoyed our most recent experience at Spoon much more than our first visit.  The entrees here seem to be a bit of a hit-or-miss.  I will say that our service was very pleasant, and the bar/lounge area in front of the fireplace seem like a nice place to relax and enjoy a drink.If you're looking for other restaurants in the area comparable to Spoon, I would recommend also taking a look at Avenue B, Casbah, Legume, and Dinette.
4	Great decor. Casual classy. Great service. Scallops dish was excellent. Great American cuisine with a modern twist. Perfect for friends, family, or romantic date.
4	Great cocktails and very good food.  Overall first class restaurant.
1	Sadly, this was a really bad experience.  It wasn't about the food, which was fine.  All I will remember, however, is the table of women next to me behaving like they were in a sports bar with a Steelers game on.  They were talking and laughing so loudly that it was more than annoying, it was unbelievable that a quality restaurant would allow their other guests to be treated so rudely.  Once I complained something was said to them and they quieted down (for a while) but by the time I got angry enough to complain the "special night" I had saved for Spoon was ruined.  Over $100 to be around truly annoying people - not a second chance for you, Spoon.
4	overall i really liked spoon. but the appetizer held me back from 5 stars.we arrived at spoon around 7:30 on a saturday night, so i figured there would be a wait. the next table for two wasn't going to be until 9:30 so we sat at the bar. i had a chianti to drink and it was delectable.my friend and i decided to split the dim sung tasting as an appetizer. terrible idea. the soup was spicy but boring. the dumpling or whatever it was tasted like a hotdog in a dumpling skin, no joke. and the pork shoulder with cucumber slaw was just okay.so i was getting nervous when the entree came out. i had the lamb pasta. but i have to say, the appetizer must have just been a fluke because my entree was delicious. the serving size was perfect too... looked small but i felt satisfied when i was finished.i had just a little room left for dessert, so we split the ice cream tasting: rum raisin, bananas foster, and salted caramel. i loved all three!our bartender was attentive and friendly. the bill was a little pricey but pretty much exactly what i expected.
4	Went here with a large group for a special occasion.  I have to echo other reviews in saying that the bread basket with the delicious cream cheese biscuits, corn muffins and baguette was a surprisingly welcome highlight.  Went through a few of those before the food even arrived!Some interesting food options on the menu.  Appetizers were very small morsels (lobster, trout, etc.)  I had the fluke with white beans and kale, others got lamb pappardelle topped with a fried egg, duck 3 ways (molecular gastronomy style) etc.  Overall up there with some of Pittsburgh's nicer "modern American" restaurants but honestly I'd go back just for the biscuits...
4	A weak 4 stars this time around. The appetizers (including a delicious cured trout) were very tasty, but the main dish (duck three ways for me, cod pad thai for my dinner partner) were disappointing. The cod was melting, but the pad thai itself was no better than what one would get at tons of thai places. It was also too salty. On the other hand, service was much better than last time.
5	We had a great night at Spoon last night... We have been there before, and have always enjoyed the creative but also "accessible" menu which has a little something for everyone. This time, we decided to splurge, and went with the Chef's tasting and wine pairing; from the first moment, we knew this was a winning decision.First course - amuse bouche cauliflower soup paired with a delicious sweet vermouth (like many others, I've never had vermouth as its own beverage before, but this was fantastic - served with an orange twist and ice cube)Second course - gorgonzola souffle and delicious salad paired with a light, refreshing gewurtztraminerThird course - lobster and bacon - paired with a rich French white (I believe it was a Perrin sauvignon blanc, but didn't take a photo of the label...) - no complaints here!Fourth course - long island fluke paired with a wonderful pinot noir - the pinot was amazingly complimentary of the dish, and a welcome change from always pairing white wines with seafoodFifth course - duck three ways paired with a velvety cabernet sauvignon - best dish of the evening for meSixth course - delicious chocolate dessert with a luscious Australian muscadet that was literally a delicious raisin in liquid form that complimented the chocolate wonderfully!Spoon's wine director is polite and knowledgeable; I felt bad that we sort of hobbled his part of the presentation by requesting that the dishes be 'surprises' and therefore he felt that he could not fully explain the reasoning behind his choices - we will be sure to avoid doing that next time! His selections were perfectly paired to each dish, and the two fully complimented each other.Service was paced nicely - we never felt rushed, and enjoyed each dish's presentation by the wait staff. This allowed us to really enjoy the food and conversations with each other.The ambience is great at Spoon; not too casual, but not too uptight, either. It's just comfortable. The music they select is not too loud or overbearing, like many trendy places these days, but instead helps to keep the mood relaxed and enjoyable. Thank you everyone at Spoon for such a great night out!
5	This is my new favorite place to eat. A hand shake to the chef. Love the atmosphere.Thanks,Bob
5	Can never forget this place.My first official date with my boyfriend ;)It was a beautiful, (up-scale ), place. Loved the decor.Good food and great ambience.If you want to take someone on a date, or searching for a nice place for an occasion, this is the one! :)
4	The chef must have changed or what?! Food was soooo much better than the first time. Maybe they read my post?? But the foie gras was plentiful in all its glory. The duck was moist and not overly greasy.  So glad we gave it another try.
3	Most amazing and delicious bread basket I have ever tasted at any restaurant. The bread basket comes with cornbread, cream cheese biscuits, and baguettes.Cornbread - buttery with little bits of corn in itCream cheese biscuits - flaky and melts in your mouthBaguette - everything you want in a baguette, crusty outside, fluffy insideThree stars are for the bread basket, one for each type of bread.Now for the actual food, I was not as impressed. I ordered the Lamb Pappardelle topped with a fried egg. It was just entirely too salty. The first bite was salty but bearable but as I ate more of it, the saltiness just overwhelmed any other flavor that was in the dish. The only thing that kept me eating is the fact that I hate wasting food. In the end I had to eat more bread and drink a lot of water to get rid of the saltiness.The interior of the restaurant is very classy and the staff are friendly. It may be that just one time they over-salted the food. I would definitely come back though just for that bread basket.
3	I've been wanting to eat at Spoon for the last two years and finally got the opportunity this past weekend. Perhaps I built it high in my mind but I walked away disappointed. Our waitress didn't really smile while she serviced us which made her demeanor cold, the woman who gave us bread and filled our waters I liked. I asked our waitress for recommendations and decided to go with the Hailbut. The Halibut was meh, being overcooked/dry chewy and the dish was bland. Luckily I had filled myself with the variety of bread they offered, particularly the cream cheese. I also tried my husband's rabbit pasta and it was delicious - great flavor. My parents in law enjoyed the hanger steak and salmon. This is one of the more pricier meals so not particularly swayed to come back.
5	Great selections, very knowledgable staff
5	Loved the food, atmosphere, and service. I would definitely go back!
5	The food and service are amazing. The duck breast here is the best I have ever had, ever. I love how the chef present the food in a beautiful artistic way.
2	THe food, although decent, was a bit overpriced for this type of fare.  More upsetting, however, was a palpable sense of dislike among several members of the staff.  As we were sitting close enough to a service area, one young woman, a bus person, was rude to the other women on the wait staff.  I dine out to have an enjoyable meal without tension... this place was too fraught with drama to warrant a return.
3	We recently moved from SF to Pittsburgh, and went to Spoon on the recommendation of friends and internet reviews. Overall the experience was fine, but not particularly outstanding in any way. The ambiance and decorations were about par for the price range. Food was good, but was quite fussy and had somewhat muddled flavor profiles. We started with scallops with foie gras and seared baby octopus. The scallops were completely overwhelmed by the foie gras. The octopus was unexciting, though well cooked. The bread basket that everyone was raving about was nice, but nothing that I would write home about. The entrees were a pan seared fish and a pork belly. Both were fine, but continued the theme of contrasting textures and flavors that didn't work well on the same plate. We passed on dessert.Wine list was again adequate, and they are able to source beers from sister restaurant BRGR next door. Service was prompt and attentive. Overall impression was a fine dining establishment that had the usual bells and whistles, but fell short in execution. Feels like the kitchen is trying to put too much on one plate, and ended with a confused experience for the diner.After reading some of the other reviews, I must say that the comparsions to top restaurants in other major cities are misplaced. It's a nice place, but would not get a blip in places like NYC or bay area.
4	The food is good, but my point of writing this review is to talk about the bread. ITS SO GOOD -- soft, delicious, and flavorful. This is a rare thing to say, but leave room for the BREAD.
4	I came here for dinner with colleagues on a business trip. I had been scrolling through Yelp trying to find something exactly like this, when my colleague beat me to it and declared this was where we would be dining. We walked here from Bakery Square (which I wouldn't do in the daylight if you are not intrepid, and I would not do at night at all). The restaurant is beautiful in an understated, and chic way. The service was very good from beginning to end. We were promptly greeted and seated (we had reservations) at a beautiful corner table. I remember taking a very long time perusing the menu and trying to decide what to have. It all looked really delicious. There were also many options for omnivores, carnivores, vegetarians, pescatarians (I'm not sure about vegan). I try not to eat mammals, but everything looked delicious. They serve fresh and locally-sourced food as much as possible.I chose a salad (the menu seems to change that was amazing!) and my colleagues got the blue cheese souffle and said it was dreamy. They also both ordered the hanger steak, which they found to be delicious as well. I had a seasonal fish entree that was divine. The wine was also dreamy. Make sure the peruse the wine list. The descriptions are delightful and spot-on! Our only complaint was that we could not keep our wine away from the gnats. I wasn't too flummoxed by it, but one of our party was a little distracted by the issue.When it came time to go, we asked the waitress if a cab could be called for us. She said the cabs in Pittsburgh are famously slow and unreliable, and the restaurant called a "car service" for us. It was literally a dude in his minivan, but he arrived quickly and took us right back to the hotel. :)I will definitely drop in here again when I am in Pittsburgh. I would love to sample more of the seasonal menu items and try a few of the "regulars," too. The tasting menus look delightful as well.
5	Sooooo good.  We went for my birthday and could not have enjoyed it more.  The service was impeccable, the drinks so unusual and wonderful.  The bread basket was the best ever and all of our main dishes were unique and done perfectly.  We will definitely be back and we had to travel over an hour to get there.
4	I've made several trips to Spoon, and the food seems to get better and better.  There's the imaginative menu for one thing, then the careful preparation, followed by excellent service.  I particularly like the smiles I get from the wait staff, there are many restaurants that feature bored or snobby staff, I always feel like a special guest at Spoon.  I also recommend the wine tasting on first and third Thursdays from 7 pm - 9 pm.  It's called "3 Blind Wines," and it's a blind wine tasting that's lots of fun.
5	WOW! This place is divine. We got a reservation off Open Table and came here with a friend on Saturday night, and we started off with a glass a wine; they had an excellent selection. Next came the awesome bread basket. OMG whatever those rolls were with the cream cheese, were beyond incredible. We started out with Corn Soup which came with a yellow pepper stuffed with cous cous and shrimp, and fresh herbs. It was probably the best, most fresh thing I ate the entire weekend. The corn soup was pureed with a little bit of corn mixed throughout, it was very creamy and pretty good. I got the Cast Iron roasted game hen and it was a little too pink for my enjoyment. I did eat the part that was well done, however. It also was not as nicely presented as the other plates that I saw walking out. But the vegetables and sauce that the hen was laid in was very tasty. My friend had the Maryland Crab stuffed trout and it was beautifully presented, and it looked divine. She said it was fabulous. And would definitely return for it again. For dessert we got the Spoon Bar and it was very delicious and incredibly chocolatey. Also, when we finished our meal, we asked if they knew a good, reliable cab company that we could call, and she returned saying she would call them for us. I thought that was a nice touch. We would return, if were even in Pittsburgh again!
4	Visited Spoon 3 months ago when my boyfriend's parents were in town.Their bread basket was amazing. I could fill up on bread alone here!I ordered 3 appetizers as my main - my favorite being the chicken w/ kimchee mac & cheese. My boyfriend ordered fish (I think halibut?) as his entree, which he found underwhelming. Cocktails were pricey but delicious (and strong).Love the atmosphere and service was excellent. Will come back for appetizers and drinks (and bread!).
5	This is hands-down, one of the best dining experiences and food I've ever had. Local food restaurant = bonus.Atmosphere is intimate and romantic. Dimly lit yet bustling and lively. Even the bathroom looks nice. Service is the best I have experienced in awhile - there are always so many eyes looking at your table - whether it be to refill your water, folding the napkin when someone leaves for the bathroom, making sure you have a bread basket, or just the manager in general making sure everything's okay. Food is on another level. The bread basket with honey-whipped-butter, as highly raved by other Yelpers, does indeed live up to the hype - particularly the cream cheese with chive scone. Divine. The appetizer to order is the gorgonzola blue cheese souffle. If you are a blue cheese fan, this is a MUST get. The blue cheese flavor is a nice punch accompanied by a sweet-sour apple salad to cut the overwhelming creaminess of the souffle.  BBQ chicken appetizer was tasty but was on some bed of overly salty green veg I was not a fan of. Baby octopus was okay.The star entree were the seared scallops, which were seasoned well and cooked to perfection (although it only came in 3 pieces). I got the vegetarian tasting, which has every vegetable tasting as fresh as being plucked out of someone's garden and came in a variety of textures - enough to satisfy any vegetarian or non-vegetarian alike. Lastly, we could not resist dessert. The favorite was the homemade sorbet in kiwi flavor - tastes essentially like a cold kiwi puree! I got the cheese platter that had a variety of local cheeses - the flavor was so strong it was like a punch in the face - recommend for any cheese lover if they have any stomach space leftover! Unfortunately, the apple ice cream with churros were not well received (the ice cream was tasty though).This is a solid 5-star rating for a great night out with a date or to impress a party of people. It is more 'gourmet'-like but I found the portions filling enough and price reasonable for what you get. The $3 valet parking offered beside the restaurant provides added convenience as well.
4	Loved the bread basket here and frequently think about it days after my dinner here!  Butter served soft, corn muffins perfectly sweet, onion bread was out of this world, and the white bread was delicious!  The service here was wonderful with recommendations made and catered to our needs (refill on the bread basket). I came in on a Friday and was really happy with the service, the menu options, and the food.  The menu changes often from what our servers said...my veal meatball dish was flavorful and filling.  It was served with mushrooms, greens, toast, and 3 meatballs.  This was my first time here and I will be back.  It's not one of the over rated spots in town.  It's dead on 4 stars.  Seriously I'd go for some great wine and that bread basket alone.
2	Had dinner this weekend. Have to admit that I haven't been there in a year+. Nothing I had "wowed" me. Scallops were OK but they were on the small side and could have had a better char on them. Appetizers of duck confit was tasty but the pork and brisket Mac n cheese was disappointingly small and not very cheese. Drinks were good but vodka on the rocks and a glass of wine shouldn't be that difficult to accomplish. I'm sure it will be another year+ before I return.
2	The drinks were so bad that we couldn't drink them. The scallops and pumpkin Mac and cheese were very disappointing as well. No taste, borderline bad taste. They deserve 2 stars for the steak-frites. It was excellent with the Parmesan fries. That was the only good part about the meal We had s'mores for desert. Even more disappointing
5	Always fantastic.  Every time I finish a meal there, I ask myself, 'why don't we go more often?'  Truly a classic in the Burgh.  Staff is great, even the valet is a cool guy.
3	Not great.  The atmosphere was nice, and so was the valet guy and bartender.  Drinks were good.  Bread basket was great.  The vegetarian entree was very bland and overpriced for what it was (a combination of cooked chard, boiled cauliflower, cooked spaghetti squash, and a few pieces of butternut squash ravioli).  The wait staff were nice but kind of odd and awkward, which didn't make me feel very comfortable.
2	Went for my birthday with my family. Really disappointed. First, waitress must of been having a really bad day. She was inattentive and borderline rude from the beginning. Beer not cold and had to ask another server for bread basket. Food not much better. I had scallops which were cooked well but everything else on the plate was bland. Three people at the table had the trout which they said was undercooked and lacked the crab which was part of the dish.  Best part of meal was dessert or one of the two ordered , the candy bar.
4	I had high expectations after hearing so many good things about Spoon from friends and local media, and I will now be recommending this place to others.  The decor was very nice - it gave the feel that you were somewhere special without throwing it in your face or being over-the-top.  They also had a few holiday lights above the bar, which I appreciated.Service was great - the waiters and runners were all very knowledgeable about the ingredients and offered recommendations.  I started with a glass of sangria (pretty straight-forward).  I enjoyed a couple selections from the bread basket (served warm) before my appetizer of the mushroom soup with crab ravioli came.  The soup was very rich and thick.  The taste was smooth, but I'll probably try something else next time.  My main course was the scallops with smoked brisket, which were cooked perfectly.  It was served with cabbage and parsnip puree, which I thought was an excellent combination.The serving sizes were what you would expect from an upscale restaurant - you leave feeling full but there are no leftovers.  I also thought the price tag for the quality and service provided was very appropriate.  I'm looking forward for another excuse to go back!
4	Liked it a lot!My boyfriend and I ventured here on NYE 2013. The restaurant is cozy, intimate, and has a romantic feel. It wasn't crowded at all, but the tables on the far side of the restaurant were a little too close together for my liking. You could hear the conversation of the people next you very easily. The floor could also use some work, as the tiles were somewhat cracked. The food was great! The restaurant had a NYE menu with a nice selection of appetizers and entrees to choose from. I chose the lobster with caviar for the appetizer, and the chicken breast for my entree. Both were very good and flavorful. My boyfriend had the chicken wing appetizer, rib eye, and the spoon bar. For dessert I had the spoon bar as well which was also very delicious. The NYE dinner set was $60 per person, and there was a wine pairing option for an additional $35. We didn't do the wine pairing, but the three coarse dinner was worth the price.  The service was very good as well. We'll be back!
5	We went with another couple for restaurant week. The food  was excellent in both presentation and taste. Service was  attentive and timely without being obtrusive. We travel widely and eat at many higher end restaurants where Spoon would hold  its own. My wife and I look forward to returning with more friends.
5	Delicious, local and sexy...Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. There really isn't a better word to describe this place. This restaurant has been on my list of places to try in Pittsburgh for a LONG time - and I finally got here! I went during the polar vortex (when it was about -7 degrees without the windchill), and they had $3.00 valet parking for Spoon and BRGR. Perfect. The waiters and waitresses were friendly and attentive - and they knew what they were talking about. There were so many delicious choices - but the staff had a way with words that helped me decide. I went for the Alaskan Black Cod and Crab Cakes with root veggies, potato risotto, brussels sprout leaves and beets - #yum. Oh! And the bread that they served from BreadWorks...melt in your mouth good. Their menu changes often as they support Western PA farmers by using fresh and local ingredients - always a big fan of establishments that abide by the 'Farm to Table' movement. The atmosphere was romantic - dark, quiet and calming. I didn't like that they sat us near the windows (a bit too much cold for the heavy curtains to keep out) - there weren't many other people dining due to the weather - so I would have thought that they would placed us a little more central in the restaurant, away from the cold windows... They had a high top table for about 8 (maybe more) near a fireplace close to the bar - not sure if they consider that to be a separate bar area different than the restaurant - but I thought how fun it would be for a group dinner - great cocktails and delicious food. I'll definitely be back.
4	Went here for the first time during restaurant week.  I saw the menu and I was sold on the pork belly.  I just love pork belly dishes.  My friend and I both got the sangria which we both agreed were pretty good and refreshing.  The bread basket from breadworks was a great way to start.  I loved the one with the cheese inside.  I commend the restaurant for going against just serving plain bread and giving a variety and a good one at that.  It adds to their thoughtfulness and for the atmosphere of the place, I can tell that matters.  Speaking of atmosphere, I loved it!  It is a small place but it's like a comfy house. I liked how there's a fireplace with a place to lounge if you're just there for drinks.The bacon and egg dish was good.  Definitely needed the 5 min egg to add the creamy component to the dish as my pork belly was a litle dry.  I'm assuming it was overcooked? My fiance had the celery soup, and it was really good!  For entree, I had the roasted pork.  It was pretty fancy how the server set the dish on the table and then poured the apple aus jus on top.  The pork was cooked perfectly on this dish and I liked the prierogies served with it.  My fiance liked the cassoulet, but the presentation wasn't that great on that one. It just looked like beans on the bottom with chunks of sausage.  Now the highlight of the meal was the dessert.  All of us got the spoon bar and all agreed it was amazing!  It's a chocolate mousse with nouggat sprinkled on top (which the server said was only made in the restaurant) and then it had a layer of cheesecake.  It was a good portion to satisfy the sweet tooth, but I really could have some more. Haha.  Pretty good first time experience.  I did wish the price for restaurant week would've been a little lower bc we basicalt saved about $3 per person, so one of our friends just ordered off the regular menu.
5	Excellent first experience! We will definitely return. Having been to BRGR next door several times, it was time to try Spoon. I made a reservation for 6 on Open Table and the moment our party walked in, they had a nice, large, comfortable table ready to go. The decor is modern and fancy, yet warm and inviting. The staff were all very attentive, yet still came with some personality (often a swing-and-miss in fine dining). Our server was also fantastic with one of our guests requests for alcohol-free cocktails and another guest's allergy to dairy (great coordination between chef, bartender, and waiter). Like most fine dining restaurants, the prices were high and the portions not huge, but compared to several other similar establishments nearby, the prices were actually more fair and the portions comparable, if not slightly larger. Aside from the stellar service and enjoyable atmosphere... everything was delicious. Absolutely delicious. 5 stars well deserved in comparison to other Pittsburgh fine dining spots.
5	Spoon is probably one of the best restaurants in the Pittsburgh Area. I won't even review it because as excellent as my experience was, I'm not sure if I'm the caliber of foodie that can really write a meaningful review. I can't come up with the adjectives to fully elaborate on the Apps that we had which were the Garden vegetable baby mix green salad and bacon and eggs and my entree of Cassoulet. While this place was spendy, I thought that it was worth it!
5	Upon entering the the restaurant, it looked very rustic and cozy.  A small fireplace was off to the side, with tables that were not jam packed together.  They had perfect lighting for Instagram pictures!  We ordered off of the Valentine's Day menu, which was a three-course dinner.  Appetizer, main entree, and dessert.  For the appetizer I enjoyed the celery root soup, and my partner had the cured trout and caviar.  The soup was phenomenal.  Creamy, but not heavy.  The trout and caviar was delicious, also!  For the main dish, I ordered the duo of beef.  I haven't tried beef cheek before, so I was really looking forward to that.  The ribeye and beef cheek were outstanding!  Melt in your mouth, tender!  My partner ordered the Alaskan black cod with crab cakes.  He absolutely loved it! The cod was outstanding and he raved about the crab cakes.  For dessert, we got the spoon bar and carrot.  If you love chocolate, you will love the spoon bar.  The carrot was amazing as well and I am not a huge fan of carrot cake.  The presentation for all of the dishes was beautiful!  The staff was very friendly too! I would 100% return to try the main menu!
5	One of my new favorites in Pittsburgh.  Great cocktail menu.  Friendly service.  The menu is always exciting and full of fresh options.  A little spendy but worth it.
4	We ate here last night (Wednesday night) and I will confirm that it was a win. Unsure of what to get on the menu we got the chef's tasting option. The tasting option was a great deal - $65. We got to taste 5 different things on the menu, all fantastic. There was no dish that was disappointing. I would not hesitate to come back and I think I would always go with the chef's tasting - I was told it changes every night. Would have loved to have done the $35 wine pairing option, but this was a martini night for me. The main course was a beef dish served two way - delicious. Skirt fish appetizer was also a favorite. As a small side not, a friend dining with me told the waiter he did not eat pork and to exclude this on any of the chef's tastings. Two of the 5 dishes were served with pork and had to be sent back. Seems like they had a hard time handling that request.Great food -- 4 stars only because of the repeated confusion with the pork and the fact that the martini was just alright, I was expecting great in light of the food that was served. Also ordered the "blue franc" wine by Blue Star, wonderful, give it a shot.
3	My parents and I went to Spoon for my 21st birthday dinner and had a truly lovely meal. The service was great, and our waitress had plenty of suggestions and was able to successfully steer me in the direction of the swordfish dinner with grilled octopus. Delicious. The swordfish literally melted in my mouth, and I was also able to enjoy the Tahona Club Cocktail as well as a glass of white wine. I have no complaints about the food. I really love farm to table restaurants, and I have enjoyed sharing this type of restaurant with my parents who are new to the concept. That being said, Spoon has some pretty hefty price tags that definitely made me cringe as a college student. If I wasn't with my parents, I would not have eaten as lavishly as I did, but hey, I just turned 21, so I took advantage of the system. In essence, if you can afford the beauty that is Spoon, treat yo' self, but if you are a meager college student like myself, make sure you check prices online before you commit to the reality of the farm to table world.
5	From the meat and cheese plate, which I included lamb salami (YUM!), to the heavenly bread basket--I could eat a meal of the cream cheese chive biscuits alone--to my husband's swordfish, octopus, mushroom gnocchi dish and my duck two ways--peppery breast and in-house sausage--with orange glazed carrots and celery root and potato gratin...our meal was among the top few in Pittsburgh that are worth the price. The ingredients were clearly fresh; and, the dishes were thoughtfully, beautifully, and masterfully prepared. And, if we had saved room for dessert, I would have had to restrain myself from ordering everything on the menu.I would say that I felt, while the beer list is affordable and accessible, I found the wine list to be a bit overpriced in light of the specific wines that are available. The ambiance of the dining room is comfortable and welcoming. All things considered, we will definitely be back again and will absolutely recommend Spoon to others!
5	This restaurant is a TRUE 5 star. The decor is beautiful, the staff is friendly and attentive and the food is simply amazing (yes even including the bread at the table). The food not only is delicious but the presentation is also stunning.When I came here they had this carrot soup, and I've never had anything like it, it was sweet and tangy and just packed with so many different flavors and was simply the best soup I have ever had, easily. My girlfriend had a salad that was just a work of art and our main courses were also fantastic.  Yes this is one of the more expensive restaurants in pgh; but for the quality of food, the service and the ambiance, you definitely get what you pay for. If this restaurant was in DC, or NYC you would pay double for this type of food/service. If I could give it 6 stars I would!
2	The best thing here is the free bread basket. Everything else we ordered lacked so much in taste and whatever flavors were there didn't go together. Worst fine dining restaurant I've been to in pittsburgh. Service and presentation were good that's the only reason it's getting 2 stars. Food deserved 0 stars... Gotta find a new chef or something, we had leftovers that I took home because I didn't wanna waste a expensive meal and I couldn't even bring myself to eat it again...
4	Great food, and overall very good service. The menu had quite a lot of choices, and the lamb that I had was delicious, as well as the dessert. A but pricey, but it was worth it. The service was good, they brought the bill without me asking for it, which was a bit surprising, and didn't check on us afterwards until we asked for out waitress, but otherwise she was very helpful and prompt.
4	I can't believe we waited so long! Really! It is a as close to 5 star as you can get. I will explain further. We were seated promptly by a very nice hostess in a cool, trendy little restaurant.  The vibe is cool and chic. We were immediately tended to by our wonderful waitress. She was attentive and super nice. She immediately brought us water and the superb wondrous bread basket. Oh the delight in the basket of' bread. Ours included the corn muffins that were little but oh the flavor. If you read any of the other reviews then you will have noticed the mention of the muffin with chives and the wonderful cream cheese delight in the middle, wow! And we also had a baguette with the amazing honey butter with sea salt. We decided on the chicken meatball appetizer. The meatball was smaller but you get three and on the side - a grilled sourdough with what I can best describe as a hummus type topping. I loved the grilled sourdough however the hubby did not and this is where the 4 star comes into play( from the hubby). I chose the seared fluke as my entree. It is a seared fish with a lobster and artichoke saute. The fish atop an amazing , tasty English pea and goat cheese ravioli. I have to say the ravioli made this dish. It made a ho hum piece of fish phenomenal! The hubby chose the duo of beef which is grilled rib eye and braised cheek on loaded smashed potatoes with baby veggies, natural reduction and  bacon and arugula salad. The rib eye was so tender and juicy. The hubby did not like the cheek noting it tasted too much like a roast than a steak. He was not keen on the cheek. I got a side of roasted fingerling potatoes which were done to perfection. The hubby chose a side of roasted baby veggies- yum! And for dessert...I chose the s'mores. I love bacon but candied bacon is on a whole other level. The bacon coupled with the dark chocolate terrine (it was like a little dark chocolate cake) and the little puffs of marshmallow goodness and the cumin Graham cracker and the rice crispie treat, amazing! The hubby chose the Spoon bar which was what can best be described as one terrific chocolate piece of cake ( some of the best I have ever had). If you are looking for a wonderful place that is a little pricier I would recommend Spoon. We will go back again! It was a terrific dinner from start to finish!
5	My fellow Elite friends are right about Spoon.  Spoon might very well be one of the top restaurants in the city.  I can't believe I haven't been here sooner.First, the low-cost and convenient Valet takes what otherwise might be a pain in the butt and turns into a no-brainer.  Warning: Do not park across the street in the Walgreens lot -- Security monitors for people leaving the area, and then tickets and/or tows them.  Don't be cheap, pay the $3 for the valet.The service from the hostesses to the servers to everyone I interacted with was top notch.  Attentive, quiet, doesn't interrupt, knowledgeable, friendly, and listens well. You can tell they care about the experience.  The other restaurants where I've posted about bad service, PAY ATTENTION.The menu is fantastically simple. 10 Apps and 10 Entrees.  The Dim Sum platter was an excellent mix of small foods, with everything being great except the overly overly salty miso soup. The chicken meatballs were tasty but boring.The presentation on all the food was fantastic and professional.  If only a little bit over done.  I'll upload some pictures.  Really beautiful dishes.The main courses we chose were the dry boat scallops over risotto with asparagus and the bacon wrapped salmon.  Both were delicious.  The scallops had a great sear, cooked perfectly, and were perfectly accompanied for a full meal.  There were only three scallops, instead of the normal (4) or (5) served in other restaurants, but it was fine.Of special note was the bread basket.  The bread was absolutely unique and delicious, especially the cream cheese tiny round muffin.  Fantastic.I also thought the prices were reasonable given the quality of the food and service.The overall vibe was modern and dinner at this restaurant was considerably different from what's going on downtown or other parts of Pittsburgh.Highly Recommended!
5	Really enjoyed this place.  Every dish was carefully prepared and excellent.  Lamb was my favorite but tartar was amazing as was the dim sum.  Had a 2010 Chapellet though the wine list had many great options and was carefully curated.  Good service and the music choice created a nice atmosphere for a relaxing and artfully prepared dinner
2	"Confusion on a plate" pretty much sums up my dinner.  Way too many competing components causing conflict, disjointed flavors, and chaos.  Pork Belly was cooked well, but the salad and BBQ sauce on the plate are not worthy of the meat.  Rabbit was very dry, and the pairings were strange (10 spears of asparagus and some type of yogurt puree).  My wife had the burger because she considered it to be the safest option....it was cooked well but very under seasoned.  The dessert I ordered was a complete failure in every way - Smore.  I sent it back as I could not even eat it.  The mixed drinks were very strange also.....too confusing and over complicated (and quite expensive)There were four of us for dinner.....1 appetizer4 entrees1 dessert3 cocktails3 glasses of wine$200Not worth the hype.  Not worth the money.  Not worth the time.  The staff was responsive, but not overly friendly.
4	Visiting the area and gave Spoon a shot. Wish I could give 4.5 stars. I hesitate to go all out with 5 stars, because it's not mind blowing awesome. A meal here will be of quality but won't change your life.The ambiance of Spoon is quite cute -- warm lighting, lounge-type feel. Good place to go for a quieter dinner where you can have more discussion than some other louder places.The bread basket everyone is raving about really is *that* good. We had two. Our waitress was really nice and made dinner seem like an extraordinary event. I had the duck breast. It was a little chewier than I thought it should be, but nonetheless, flavorful. The au gratin potatoes served with it were delicious. The strawberry pineapple sorbet was a delicious end to the meal. They have a fixed price menu for $38 during the weekdays. We didn't opt for that, but our bills still came out around that price including dessert, so it ended up working out as really reasonably priced for the atmosphere.
4	Excellent choice in shadyside. Was there with party of 8 and we all loved our meals.  I had the spring vegetable tasting and cleaned my plate.  My friend had the bacon wrapped salmon & loved that too.
5	Everything was very tasty here. I got the bacon salmon wrapped and also tried spoon chocolate for dessert, both great. The salmon was very delicious with all the tiny components in the dish. Highly recommended.
5	Delish. Ordered the Sole and it was outstanding. Service was attentive without being intrusive. The bread basket is evil... amazing. The hubby is going low carb somore for me.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. All of their food is to die for and their service is wonderful.  The bartender with the glasses is my favorite.  Also, the cream cheese chive muffins are out of this world.
4	Food was wonderful, I was a big fan of the Gorgonzola and Bleu Cheese Souffle.
4	I like everything about this place.  The menu was full of fresh, seasonal ingredients.  The dishes were interesting without trying to hard to be unusual or edgy.  Portions are reasonable, but not gigantic.  This leaves room for the super fun, house-made deserts (no lava cake!!!!).Service was pleasant, but not pushy.  The atmosphere was relaxed, but elegant.  The space retains some of the features of its former incarnation, yet it feels bright and modern.This would be a great place for a date.
5	My wife and I went there for the first time on Thursday. Its our anniversary this weekend but we have to travel so had an early anniversary dinner.  Didnt know where we were going till we started naming off places to go in the car.  We decided to give Spoon a try and were very happy.  Ambiance was nice, service was very good. We didn't have a reservation, but we were able to get a table before the rush.  I had the foie gras appetizer and it was dynamite. I have had very few that I thought were better and it was presented in a range of forms. Well worth the cost for sure!  My wife decided not to get an appetizer, but loved the bread.  For dinner she had the beef two ways. A short rib over smashed potato with some gorgonzola I think and a sliced ribeye with some fresh veg and salad.  I had the pappardelle with rabbit ragu.  Both were really good. I liked mine better than hers but that was what hit the spot for me that night.Service was very attentive, but not overly so.  Desert (which I am not much of a sweet eater) was a chocolate bar kind of thing. I tasted it and it was good. My wife loved it.Overall, I was more impressed than I thought I would be and the prices are quite reasonable I think for the level of food.
4	We went for dinner with some friends and generally had a very good experience. We had the grilled asparagus as appetizers since our waiter insisted in them being a specialty. They were really good, I agree. The combination of asparagus, figs, and prosciutto was excellent. I then had pasta with rabbit. It is not common to find rabbit in the US, so I felt that was exotic enough. This entree was pretty good, but I would not qualify it as excellent. I found the service to be a bit "too attentive", and would have appreciated something more informal.
4	We dined tonight at Spoon for the first time. The service was professional, prompt and there when necessary without being overbearing. The steak tartare was excellent, and we added the foie gras for an extra treat! My wife had the duck...it was well prepared, medium rare and moist. My beef two ways was perfect. Glazed short ribs, and steak. Creamed corn and the broccoli were great as accompaniments. Wife had the Banana for dessert. Would go back and would give it 4.5 stars! Real good Pittsburgh restaurant! Well run.
3	Finally made it to Spoon with my wife and some friends. We had reservations around 8:30 on a Saturday and r enjoyed the fact they have $3 valet.The good: I really enjoyed (half) of my pork tenderloin meal which was mostly due to the pulled pork creeps that were the perfect mix of sweet and savory. My wife seemed to enjoy her scallops with risotto although the risotto was too fishy for my taste. And of course, the bread basket was to die for.The bad: our waiter was far from welcoming and seemed genuinely upset we hadn't decided on drinks after 5 minutes (and stopping over 3 times). Just seemed to want to get us in and out too quickly.We ordered the tomato tasting as an appetizer and were incredibly underwhelmed by most of the plate. Mushy salty marinade with a side of tomato jelly and tomato water that just didn't hit the pallet well.As for the coffee after dinner, I understand it was probably French press, but it had more coffee grounds than we could bare.I would probably go back again based on everyone's recommendations, but this was a far from perfect experience for the price.
4	I'm a little torn with this place. I came here twice and had 2 different entrees. The first time I came here I got the alaskan halibut ravioli and it was delicious. The service was excellent as well. The second time I came here I got the duo of beef. The duo of beef has about 3 quarter sized squares each of ribeye steak and short rib. I asked for medium but the steak came out well-done but I thought the steak was very tender. The steak was definitely the highlight of the plate. The short rib was extremely heavy. It had a lot of fat on it so it was a bit chewy and it was really salty. The creamed corn on the plate was also really salty for some reason. Overall I was really disappointed with the duo of beef.For dessert I had the 'banana.' The banana had bruleed bananas, chocolate mousse, banana bread, and goats milk yogurt. The bruleed bananas were divine, the banana bread was also very good paired with the chocolate mousse. Lastly, goats milk has a very particular taste. If you like goat cheese then you'll probably like the goat yogurt.I shared this dessert with my boyfriend and Spoon tastefully split the dessert into two plates for us (even though we didn't ask for it to be)! After my second time here, I'm a little torn. I loved the alaskan halibut ravioli the first time I came here and didn't like the duo of beef so much the second time around. However, the banana dessert was divine. I would say overall I would give place 3.5 rounded to 4 stars after these 2 visits. The service and ambiance are pretty great too.
5	Have been here several times and have always had a great meal with high quality service. Best restaurant I have been to in Pittsburgh by far. One odd thing, they always make a big deal that I have no reservation - but always accommodated as they are not full.
5	I have to say, one of my favorite things to do in Pittsburgh is belly up to the bar at Spoon and settle in for the night. The wine list is great, I like the feeling of the restaurant from the vantage point of the bar, and I really enjoy the service. Ok and the biscuits.In total honestly, Spoon has been a bit hit or miss for me in terms of the food - it can depend on who is in the kitchen. Sometimes the kitchen is more adventurous than others, and sometimes dishes just gel better than others. But regardless of what I order I always feel like I had a great time in the warm, inviting dining room. The wine list is always delicious, with great choices by the glass or bottle.The last time I was at Spoon the experience was just fantastic. It was a last minute game-time decision, and I think I had my best meal there. There was a home-made pasta with truffle, olive oil, and basil that I think about every day. So simple. So much truffle.The amberjack was absolutely delicious, an excellent sashimi snack. The green salad was very well dressed and also made up of straightforward, simple ingredients. The lettuce was really lovely. Oh and the Lo Mein. Lo Mein, you ask? I know. It's ridiculous. We're in Pittsburgh and this is not a Lo Mein joint, but it was so tasty and comforting. Our bartender was just adorable and he made excellent recommendations, he talked me into a white even though i was dead-set on a gamay. It was just so good. Also they have a nice variety of amaros, which can be as good as dessert. Not surprisingly, their desserts are also so good. There's this frozen Mars Bar ice-cream type thing that make it worth it to take copious Lactaids in order to digest. All in all, I think it's not just the wine, it's not just the food, it's really the package deal that I enjoy so much and that keeps me coming back.
5	One of the best meals Ive had in a long time!  I had pappardelle w/ rabbit & it was out of this world.  Blue cheese souffle w/ salad - awesome.  Dessert (including a candle and Happy Birthday written in chocolate) for my birthday ... Sublime!
4	Took my family to celebrate my wife's birthday.  The food and service was outstanding.  My son loved the bread and our waiter served me potato chips due to my gluten allergy. Try the locally grown tomato appetizer.  My wife had the rabbit which was tender and juicy.  I had the pork tenderloin which was excellent.  The service was prompt and unobtrusive. I would definitely return.
5	Great drinks and great food. Came here for happy hour and dinner. Pretty good selection of wine and interesting cocktails on the menu. The waiter we had was awesome, so attentive and friendly.I chose the seared foie gras for appetizer and braised rabbit tagliolini for my entree. They were beautifully plated and the flavors were strong and succulent. The rabbit was so tender and juicy mixed in with the noodle. I also loved how the foie gras was paired with duck confit. I can't resist that.
2	I do not get what everyone is talking about; I am guessing all of these reviews are from young hipsters or pretentious middle age drones looking for some cool in their life. Let me start by saying that I enjoy what I call "casual elegance." I like good upscale food, in a modern, casual atmosphere, with a laid back nice, but down to earth vibe. Somewhere like SIX PENN Kitchen or something. I decided to come here after reading many great reviews on Yelp. This place is comical, trys wayy to hard!It is very small, tables very close. Low ceiling/dark paint so it feels very claustrophobic. It does describe itself as a lounge so I will give them that; if you like swanky lounge vibe this place is actually pretty nice. Too dark and small for my liking. The waiter, dressed in his skinny jeans and pompadour brought over a bottle of tap water to pour. We politely decline b/c I didn't want water so why waste it..ya know. He seemed offended that I didn't want water, he offered us wine, and we declined, I just wanted a diet coke because I was on call for work and could not drink. He became aloof, almost took it as a personal assault that we didn't want wine!I ordered an appetizer and the waiter asked my BF which one he wanted, the waiter said, "Oh you want to share the appetizer" I said I assumed it was for 2 people, as most appetizers at almost any place can serve more than one person, and it didn't specify that they were single serve. The waiter was rude, as if I should have already known this information. So we were brought bread, a variety and this was actually fantastic. I was thinking that my meal would be great and the stuffy atmosphere would be worth it...I was wrong. I had pork shoulder that tasted like Walmart/enhanced meat. It was tough, fatty. Served with puree sweet potato that tasted like baby food. BF had "seared" tuna, that was just rubbery, nasty, no flavor. I'd give the meal 4/10...no lie a pork dinner from Bob Evans is better. I think this place needs to learn that sometimes less is better. Simple dishes can be better, dont need a thousand ingredients to be good. Overall the the atmosphere is what kills it. Its forced elegance. Pass. There are plenty of good places in the Burgh that have excellent food, but are comfortable and laid back, but still elegant.
4	Turns out I am neither pretentious or a hipster (as one reviewer claims only eats here) and I still enjoyed the place. Go figure. First off I did not get a stuffy closed off atmosphere from the place. I found the place to be spacious, and I didn't feel cramped...maybe I went on a more quiet day...when the hipsters weren't around...I found Spoon to be what I was looking for. Nothing to busy, and portions that are just right. The entree I wanted was not available that night so I stuck with apps. I had the Steak Tartare, the Fois Gras and the blue cheese souffle. My other half has the fish dish. Everything was prepared well. I especially liked the bone marrow custard of sorts that came with my tartare, and had a much better experience with Fois Gras here, than I did at another establishment. My other half (does that sound pretentious?) had the fish which was perfectly cooked if maybe on the smaller end portion wise. My only gripe was the blue cheese souffle that needed a pop more flavor. Some sort of berry compote would have helped...and of course we ended the night with the spoon dessert which was super good. I wanted a more upscale experience while I was visiting, and I believe Spoon delivered. I would come back again..and no I don't wear plaid
4	Fresh local foods, spoon has upscale american fare. The octopus appetizer had a strange texture. I prefer it juicy and tender on the inside but crispy on the outside. I was very impressed with the salmon however. It had a nice blend of spice and acidity but blended well with the avocado. For my main dish, the spoon burger, it was cooked how I requested and the truffle aioli was delicious.It was a great place for some girlfriends and I to get dressed up and have a nice dinner. Will definitely go back with my husband!
4	Came here for my birthday dinner a couple of weeks ago and was very impressed! I'd been here for drinks a couple of times before and had always enjoyed their specialty cocktails but I had never eaten anything. I definitely recommend going with a specialty cocktail. The menu is constantly changing -- at least their cocktail menu is, and I assume their dinner menu is as well. I had the braised rabbit with pappardelle and my boyfriend had the seared Ahi tuna. We both thoroughly enjoyed our meals, which were surprisingly filling. I say surprisingly because I thought my serving looked rather small on the huge plate they used but I think I was just deceived. I also had the Spoon Bar for dessert, which was delicious, though it's hard to disappoint me when there's chocolate involved. I forget the name of the cocktail I had (oops) but I've never been failed by a cocktail there. Minus one star for the try-hard atmosphere. It's almost uncomfortable. I have no idea what the dress code was supposed to be and simultaneously felt both overdressed and underdressed.
4	I am really impressed with the service, food, and overall dining experience. The portions are more substantial than you would expect for this type of restaurant. My biggest tip? If you get leftovers, immediately put it in a Tupperware container. They use paper to-go boxes that disintegrate pretty fast.
