5	Hippest frozen yogurt place in town.. ..52 inch plasma behind the counter playing music videos, cool stools and tables and smiling service. Oh.. the yogurt and choice is awesome and I love the fresh toppings. I brought momma here and she said, "son, shouldn't you choose the low fat yogurt,? "  and I said, "don't worry mom I am eating low fat sugar free' so she went up and got some for herself as she is slightly diabetic, so seniors will love this place too!  Oh Dad wants to go with next time now so a trip in my mini-cooper  is out next time..
4	The GF and I went here last night for the first time. Very cool decor ( modern tables and chairs, big flat screen, and HUGE topping bar ).They had a lot of flavors to choose from, I'd say probably 12-14. The majority of the flavors were fruit ( pomegranate, mango, green apple ) but they also had the regulars ( Choc., Vanilla ) some not so regulars ( White Choc. Cheesecake, Root-beer ) and 2 No Sugar Added ( Raspberry and Vanilla ).I sampled a lot of flavors- all that were mentioned above.  They were all very good. I ended up getting Mango and NSA Raspberry. This place had the most toppings I have seen at any yogurt place. Overall this place has a nice tart yogurt flavor that I like. This place gets 5 stars for their fruit yogurts. The best I've had. But for ice cream flavors ( choc., vanilla, peanut-butter ) I will stick to Golden Spoon. Oh ya it's 39 cents an ounce. Check this place out if you craving some tart fruit flavored Fro-yo.
5	My Yogurt experience is pretty limited- Dannon & LaYogurt. However, I do remember my Grandmother hitting up the Health food Stores in the early 80's breakin' me off some of that tart self serve stuff.  I guess the New Age Yogurt scene is the joint because they are poppin' up all over the S.W. part of the Valley. Today I hit up the Bella Tutti Yogurt spot. Crisp and clean ambience and its all self serve from the massive selection of yogurts. By the by the description of each yogurt along W/ the flavor is a nice perk- they give you a heads up the tart vs. non-tart. The long and the short of it is this place is awesome. A yogurt connoisseur I am not but this self serve Yogurt buffet is the goods. The toppings are nice- they got the gooey sweet junk, the freshly cut healthy stuff and random misc. toppings i.e. Fruit Loops.
4	I love this new trend in serve-yourself frozen yogurt. They have a good variety of flavors, but many of them are tart flavors, and I didn't care for these. The topping selection is diverse and offers both healthy and standard toppings. The seating was rather limited, and generally people do not eat in store.I recommend the banana and raspberry flavors.
4	I'm so lucky that the BEST frozen yogurt place in town is so close to home.  It's in a fairly new shopping center so not a lot of people know about it unless you live in the area.Get this... They give you a small cup (you know the kind you get gelato in?) and they tell you to sample as many flavors as you want.  Like other Yelpers mentioned, a cheap-o person could get their fill of frozen yogurt just from sampling.  Unlike other frozen yogurt that can either be runny or icy, theirs is rich and creamy.  My favorites are green apple, original, and pomegranate.  Only downside is this place charges a lot more by the ounce compared to other places.  At 45 cents an ounce, and me going there every single day, it seriously adds up!
5	This place is the best yogurt place I have been to.  The toppings and great, especially the fresh fruit and they have a great selection of flavors!  I ahve also tried Yogel's and Cefiore and this place is definitely better then both.
3	I like this place because it's close to my house. At .45 an ounce it's pretty expensive compared to yogurtland and a couple other froyo shops. The froyo itself is pretty good, you can tell its a little watery because when you dispense it into the cup it starts to melt. The original tart could be more tart. However the fruits are fresh and the shop is clean and tidy inside. I'll stop by this place on my way home from work or if driving to townsquare to get yogurtland is too far.
5	This is definitely my favorite self serve frozen yogurt place.  I'm just sad that I moved to the other side of town and there isn't one over here.  The have the most fruit flavors of anywhere I've been and the mango powder is AWESOME!
4	My younger sister introduced me to Tutti Bella and I loved it! Picking which toppings to use is the highlight of soft-serve yogurt in Tutti Bella (same in Yogurtland).
2	Kinda blah... their yogurt tastes kinda watered down or something. It just isn't as creamy and sweet as other places around the valley. I do like the variety of toppings and the staff is really friendly, but overall it's nothing special.
4	Mochi mochi mochi is a must to add in....I called in to make sure they have MOCHI avaiable... they have it and plus so many others too! Fresh fruit, variety toppings, more than 10 choices of yoguart..... I love this place & close to where I work! Check it out my local pictures.. all my words are there......
3	Went to this place recently, I give it 3 stars because the service wasn't that great. The guy was on the phone, and didn't seem too friendly. The yogurt they offer was pretty good, not too sweet. I did see that they offered two different mochi's that was pretty cool. Overall clean, poor service, typical frozen yogurt flavors.
5	we live right around the corner so it's awesome. it's clean, it's bright.. and decorated really fun.they have all the usual flavors like vanilla, chocolate, mango tart... and offer a plethora of toppings;  fresh fruit, granola, all kinds of cereal, candy.. you name it.what really won me over:  a comment card!  i filled out a comment card and suggested they add coconut yogurt... and a month later i came back and there it was!  with my comment card posted on the wall!  it was nice.. it really made me feel like they take their customers thoughts into consideration.  we will definitely frequent this joint!
