3	Its a Delta, comparable to a Holiday Inn in the US. The rooms are nothing to write home about but they do have nice balconies that you can walk out on and overlook the pool.The lounge was nice and the staff in the entire hotel were helpful. It wasn't my choice to stay here so I'm not sure that I would ever go back with my own money to play with - I'd probably find something nicer in the area.
2	The Kitchener Delta is a classic case of bait n' switch. Their web site shows you pictures of their updated lobby, their bar area and their neon-blue swimming pool housed under a brightly lit atrium. All of this is true, but once you get past the lobby your experience goes steadily downward. While the bathroom of my room had been remodeled and was clean, the room hadn't been updated in ages. To be fair, the room was clean and the bed was very comfortable, but the finishings like the furniture and the carpets were well worn. The lamp shades are faded yellow and the televisions are older, small tube units.Also, my room on the second floor was very, very loud. You can hear the traffic below through the double-paned windows. The restaurant in the hotel is pretty run down. Even though their "buffet" breakfast is free, it's well worth paying for something nicer on your own at a local restaurant. Don't be fooled by their "fitness center" either. It's a bunch of run down equipment in a basement that smells pretty funky/musty. The price was reasonable, but you really do get what you pay for. If you can afford $25-$50 more a night, I'm sure there are better places to stay. I hear the Radisson in Kitchener isn't so bad. Maybe that'll be my next stay/review.
3	This is a review for the restaurant/bar Botanica. It's a very nice place to lounge and the appetizers were good. I would definitely stop in here for a quick bite. The staff were pretty helpful because I don't think they were expecting a huge crowd.
4	Executive Summary:Clean, comfortable, free wifi, though 'dated' furnishings... if you care about that kind of malarkey...I quite enjoyed my 5 nights at the Delta Kitchener... but I think my standards of what a good hotel is are skewed a bit by years of backpacking and traveling on a shoestring budget.To wit: I'm perplexed by comments in other reviews along the lines of "the bathroom was clean, but the room hadn't been updated in years.... though it too was clean and the bed comfortable."  In my mind, a clean and comfortable bed and bathroom should be the primary feature being graded in hotel reviews... I don't really care if the furnishings looked 'tired'; I'm there to sleep, not learn new cutting edge design techniques.Anyway - in addition to fulfilling the basic bed-and-cleanliness needs of a hotel-goer, there was also free wifi and the room I had was pretty big.  All this for a very reasonable price (though I did get a group rate, so there is that...). That's four stars every day of the week in my book!
1	So my excitment for my trip to Canada for a week of Sales training was quickly diminished when I checked into my room.  I won't spend a whole lot of time on complaining about this place however let me just point out the top four things:A. If I had a dog I wouldn't let him stay hereB. A coworker wouldn't unpack any of their clothes and slept in the bathtub for fear of bed bugsC. I shouldn't have had to call down to maid service multiple times a day every day I was there for them to clean my room.D. I would have rather opted to sleep outside...It may have been cleaner.
1	I will be checking out tomorrow morning thankfully. It is now eleven and I cannot sleep due to a loud function being held on the second floor.  I would call the front desk again but They areunable to assist me as this hotel is fully booked. I cannot change rooms and I cannot tune out the loud drums and bass literally vibrating the walls and window.  I know security has been sent to ask them to turn the music down yet again but at this point I was supposed to have been asleep two or three hours ago.  I have never disliked a hotel stay more then I have tonight. I was drawn to this hotel by references, the location and the promise of renovations and I feel let down terribly.  I could get over the renovations, or lack there of in my case, the quality of towels and the lack of sufficient outlets, but a sleepless night leaves a bad taste is my mouth.   Never again.  And run if you have an SUV, the parking garage ripped off my antenna because the ceiling is so low.  Save you money and go somewhere else,  anywhere else.  There are lots of options in this city.  Don't be fooled by the website.
3	I spent most of the week at a pension and benefits conference in Kitchener.  It was held at the Crowne Plaza Kitchener-Waterloo and that's where I stayed from Tuesday evening 'til today.I had a king executive room.  To get to my room, I had to take an elevator to the fourth floor .... then walk down a hallway ... then take another elevator to the seventh floor.  It was ($180 plus taxes for Tuesday night and the conference rate of $144 plus taxes for Wednesday and last night).  My bed was comfy.  You can self-park ($12/night) or valet-park ($20/night) ... we had free parking and I parked it myself.  The parking building is behind the hotel (not attached).  I parked my car while it was still light ... I wouldn't want to do it at night (it's down an alley) as it seems creepy.  There was a fridge and microwave in the room.  WIFI was free and a bit slow.  I lost it yesterday so used my Internet stick instead.Our conference was on the second floor.  When we booked the conference in the spring (I'm on the committee), the conference rooms were supposed to be renovated but they weren't.  They were okay, just kind of dated.The hotel is downtown and there are lots of restaurants within walking distance.  There seems to be a mall across the street ... it looks old and I'm not sure if it's even open (I Googled and couldn't find a link for it).
