3	Okay, okay... I've checked in enough times, I really should write a review for this bank. First of all, I need to say that I have definitely seen improvements in their drive-thru lanes. 95% of the time that is what I use here. They have 3 ATM drive-up stalls, and lately they've all been working fine. (This past summer it was hit/miss if they would accept cash deposits or not.) But now that they've installed new cash-takers on the machines, things seem to be working much better. Inside there typically is a line, however it moves fast because they always seem to have 5-6 tellers. Most of the tellers are bi-lingual here. It has taken me years and years to want to work with BofA again after their serious mistakes with an acct of mine in CA; but -- I do enjoy the benefits I get with the US Airways debit card.
4	The service was great and the floor space wasn't ghetto at all! The banker even suggested services for me that I would benefit from.
2	Stopped by this branch this morning on my way to work.  Strike a conversation with one of the African-American lady teller.  She asked if I am a BofA customer or not and I told her used to, but not anymore, just making a payment for someone else.She asked who I bank with and I told her Chase Bank and MidFirst Bank and she asked why I'm no longer BofA customer, I told her that the customer service I had were bad and she asked if Chase is better, I told her yes, and she was surprised to hear that.  I'm surprised that she would think BofA customer service would be better than Chase.One bad thing about this branch is one of the male teller was picking his nose and teeth at the same time while I was there.  Seriously?  You would do that at the open window bank?  I was originally giving this branch a 3 star, and because of that, I'm now giving it 2 star because of the employee appearance.  Another bad thing about this branch is that there's no drive-thru window teller, they do however have 3 lanes of drive-thru ATM's and one walk-up ATM by the main entrance.  Good location, that's all that's good.
