3	The first time my family and I ate here was about 3 months ago. The place was made simple and had television everywhere, and each had a different channel playing. I was watching House on one TV, and my other companions were watching football. However, I couldn't hear the TV perhaps because everyone was talking or the volume was too low. The place was clean, neat and well lighted. I know a friend who told me that he didn't like the food here but as for me, contrary to what he told me, when I tried it for the first time with my family I found out it was quite good. I think my brothers and everyone else also enjoyed the food here. I don't remember the names of dishes that we ordered but I just remembered they were nice, tasty and hot, and filled me up till I was so full I could not walk anymore. The restroom was not so nice though , it was not as well kept as the dining area was.
4	Finally tried the only "real" Chinese food restaurant in Maricopa.  Played it safe with Sweet & Sour Chicken, Crab Rangoon, and Pork Fried Rice.  With delivery, it was only $14 +tip.  The fried rice was great, it was a little more of the "East Coast" style I grew up with, dark w/ lots of juicy nuggets of roast pork.  The chicken was good, but then again, it was a (VERY) safe choice, next time I'll try one of the "Chef's Specialties".  Crab Rangoon was good, unlike Panda Express, there was crab (krab?) in the cream cheese.  If you're in Maricopa and craving Chinese, don't go to Panda Express, definitely give Great Wall a try, it's in the same plaza as Panda and if your party is 2 or more, you'll save yourself some money!
2	We have been twice but will not be back. The food is mostly all hard fried with minimal actual meat. We tried the buffet the second time and everything was cold.  No dumplings in the buffet either.  The service is ok at best. Panda express was much better which is sad. I would rather support a local owned business but not in this case.
4	I'm a pretty big fan of this place.  The dinner for two (Sweet and Sour and General Tso's Chicken) is a great deal, and both are very good.  The crab rangoon is also worthwhile.  The buffet is more or less the usual buffet fare, though the selection is good for the size.  Overall the prepared food is better, though obviously you sacrifice variety.  Either way this place is worth checking out.
1	Um... where do I start? My husband went to the buffet where the food looked as though it had been sitting under the heat lamps for about three hours. I ordered the General Tso's chicken combo. The chicken was chewy and the sauce was hardly what you could call spicy. The fried rice had bits of hard chewy chicken (?) in it and the egg roll was so greasy it was hardly edible. We ordered fried won-tons and they were saturated in grease. I had heartburn before I even left the restaurant. Save yourself the indigestion and the money and go somewhere else.
2	I ate here this evening with 7 members of my immediate family.  Although our bellies left full, our wallets left empty and, several hours later, most of our tummies are still dealing with the aftermath of Great Wall's low quality food!  Definitely not the dinner you want before a first-date movie!There is nothing special to report about the bland and cheaply constructed food at Great Wall.  The sauces are plain, the "meat" is low quality and the desserts are lacking both taste and freshness.  However, that doesn't stop this strip mall special from charging fine-eatery prices for its lackluster Chinese "cuisine"!The buffet at $8-$9 per person is VERY limited in selection, but is, without a doubt, a far better value than ordering individual items off the regular menu, which range from $8 to $10 each for basic entrees such as Orange Chicken and Broccoli Beef. If you find yourself craving something "Chinese"-esque, have a few extra bucks burning a hole in your pocket after payday and can't be bothered to drive 20 minutes up the freeway to the Chandler/Ahwatukee area for "real" food, then don't hesitate to stop by Great Wall for a bite.  Seriously, for the most basic "take-out"/"buffet" style Chinese food fare at big-spender prices, Great Wall may be the best (and probably only) option in the entire town...err "city"...of Maricopa!  P.S.-  A "value size" bottle of TUMS makes for a great after-meal snack for the whole family!
3	The buffet is super cheap and it shows in the quality and quantity of items, but for the kids it works in a pinch.Believe it or not their a la carte menu items are very good, 100 times better than the buffet items, so i suggest that if you want cheap family sized items to order off the menu.
3	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Wow, look at some of the horror stories for THIS ONE!  So Mike C. & I got our cells queued up to call the paramedics & lurched in through the door.     :-OIt turned out that the worst thing about this Buffet restaurant is that it's just east of the fabulous "The Buffet" at Harrah's Ak Chin Casino.  How to you go here instead?  It was hard!     :-)Ok, let's get the authentic bad news out of the way first:*  They open at 11 AM, but didn't have all of the 40 main food items out until around 11:30.  Not ok!*  There was salad dressing, but no salad!*  They just put out a little bit of each food item at a time, so everything kept running out!SO, 1 Star & whip over to "The Buffet", eh?  Well, we're here already, so...  ?So then there was GOOD NEWS!*  The decor is simple but clean looking, & offered a choice of comfortable booths or table seating.*  The food was good!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)  I particularly liked the fried chicken, the the very mild tasting White Spring Salmon, & the Stuffed Scallops, but everything was tasty & offered up at the right temperature.It's 3 Stars for this place that needs a little fine tuning but delivers up a good Lunch Buffet for only $5.99!     :-)
3	Well for the only Chinese buffet in Maricopa it is not to bad. When Rand H. and I arrived at 11:00 AM the buffet was still missing around 30 of there 40 trays. As the food started trickling out of the kitchen it was not bad. They had really good chicken wings,orange chicken,chicken and pineapple,salmon. The baked crab on a scallop shell may have been the best I tasted. The not so good was the corn on the cob because it was not sweet and had no butter to put on it. The dessert section was very weak with only a couple of selection of which were not that good :(   But I was still able to leave with a full belly of food for  5.99 so I will say this place is A OK but if you are coming from anywhere other than Maricopa I would keep going up the road to The Buffet at Harrah's .
3	I ordered eggplant tofu mix with vegetables. Its sweet flavor as a south Chinese style.
1	Went there last week. While the food was good, I was hungry less tha 2 hours later. Will not be back.
2	Buffet was a joke little to nothing in any of the trays and this was at 6pm the prime dinner hour. Place was clean and what we did have available from the buffet was okay not amazing I would rather go down two doors for Panda Express
5	You have to take price into consideration and for 7.99 dinner buffet this place has all the "essentials" for Chinese food.  Great customer service as well.
2	Pretty dirty. The buffet has on ok selection. Has bad pinal county health inspections.
4	Not bad. Good food, decent price. Seemed mostly clean, the choices on the buffet were slim but what was available was good. Will eat here again.
2	The appetizers such as the potstickers, crag rangoon, and egg rolls are the best part of the restaurant. However, the service completely ruins the experience. After ordering take out and my husband bringing it home I found that we were missing two orders of extra egg rolls, when we called about it the lady on the phone argued with me saying she put them in there. I drove back with the order to show they were missing and not only did she accuse me of already removing them before coming back to the restaurant but she also tried to charge me for the rolls I had already paid for. Finding out this woman was the manager I left without my eggrolls, no refund for the missing rolls and I will never order from them again. I would rather drive to Chandler (20 miles) for chinese then go there again.
2	This review is strictly based on delivery, I haven't actually been in to the restaurant. The food is adequate, nothing special, I've had better. They're not friendly when you call, very short, almost rude. I've never gotten my food in less than an hour and a half and delivery costs an arm and a leg. $10-12 worth of food turns in to $20. Unfortunately they're the only Chinese restaurant in town. :(
1	Wanting to try somewhere different than our standard Native New Yorker trip, my husband and I decided on the Great Wall at 6pm on a Friday night. I mention the time because you would expect a restaurant that is open until 11 to be prepared for business. It was dark inside, with the booths and laminated panel walls leftover from the 70's. There were flies buzzing around EVERYwhere, and it was as hot inside as it was outside (the thermostat read 86 degrees). With all those warning signs, we should have turned around and left. Unfortunately, we didn't.We opted for the buffet, and then found out that there was hardly anything left to choose from. Many warming trays were either empty, or had only 1 or 2 items left. One warming tray held only 4 teeny tiny shrimp wrapped in bacon. The 5 or 6 remaining pork "strips", which were about the size of skinny McDonald's French fries, looked like they had sat burning in the tray all day and had sweet sauce poured over them to keep them hydrated. The cheese covered mussels were so dried out that the cheese was like cement and mussels were like rubber bands. The hot and sour soup tasted as if the broth was made from green tea instead of chicken stock, and for all the ingredients floating around, it was surprisingly tasteless, neither hot (spices) or sour. The salmon looked as if it was floating in oily dishwater. On the positive side,  My husband said his rangoons were good., and I thought the chow mein noodles were tasty. The waiter was very nice, so that's why I rated this 1 star instead of 0.Our bill came to $20 for the 2 of us, which was high seeing we were dripping sweat, chasing flies from our plates throughout the meal, there wasn't much food to choose from, (whatever remained looked as if it had been sitting there since 11am). Great Wall is the only Chinese restaurant in town, but if I getting a craving for Chinese food again, I'll drive to Chandler or Tempe instead, and I recommend you do the same.
2	This place is below average. There isn't really anything they do very well, the place seems older than the rest of the town on the inside, and the buffet is the epitome of mediocrity. I'd rather go to Panda Express, and that makes me sad.
3	Unfortunately they're the only Chinese restaurant in town (our in town Panda is worse than normal) The food was OK, decent price.  It does a long time to get your meal, I assume because its fresh, so there is that. BTW... those who complain the buffet portions are small, that is for freshness, Harrah's has more traffic and so will move more food.
1	I wouldn't eat here again if it was free!  The food was just okay at best.  But the minute you walk in, your feet stick to the floor.  The tables and counter tops are sticky.  It is just filthy in this place.  Do not recommend this under any circumstances.
2	Sadly, this is the only chinese restaurant close by...soooo dissappointing!!!!! The food is not good Chinese food at all, the fried rice is BARELY fried, and the Shrimp Fried rice only comes with like 4 shrimp on it. I have had not so great chinese food from other places in the past, but this place is not even tolerable...I made an order to go and waited approximately 1hr 30mins!!!!!!!!!! during the time of me waiting 3 families had came in, ate their food and left ; also there were 3 other people who brought their food back because the order was wrong; i finally get my food, get out to the parking lot, and decide to check it before I  leave...my order was WRONG!!!!! i take it back in, and another lady followed behind who made it all the way home with my order before she realized it was wrong...so i waited ANOTHER 45 minutes. no apologies, no discounts...NOTHING!!! Then I get home and the food was just disgusting!!! I was so upset.. I will never eat there again....I will admit, if you dine in, you get more options with the buffet of some halfway decent food, as far as the chicken and things like that. we need a good Chinese restaurant in Maricopa..PLEASE SOMEONE RESCUE THIS PLACE AND SHOW THEM HOW ITS DONE!!
3	Been here a few times when I used to live in Maricopa. I heard people have gotten sick here before. Hasn't happened to me. But the buffet makes me pretty sleepy afterwards.Food is pretty good
3	This is a good place to go if you are looking for East Coast style Chinese cuisine. We ordered from the menu rather than having the buffet, we just don't do buffets. The food definitely met our expectations, good portion sizes, hot, and fresh. The waitstaff knows very little English and is limited so customer service was somewhat poor. The atmosphere is also quite loud with the cooks and waitstaff yelling back and forth in Chinese between the buffet and kitchen. The dining area is also dated and not very clean looking. We will use them for take out only in the future.
4	I've eaten here a few times, mostly take out. I don't think the food or the service is bad here. The buffet is decent. It's the only Chinese food place in town besides Panda Express, so there's not much competition here. In any case, I've always had a good experience at this restaurant and if anything at all, it's a decent place to eat at a reasonable price.
1	Bad... just bad. I love Chinese food, even mediocre Chinese food but this place is just plain bad. My wife order General Tso's chicken and I got the the buffett. My wife's plate was as bad as the food under the heat lamps. Dry... so dry. Most the food was bland and the rice was dry and tasted burned. How this place has lasted so long is a mystery.  If you want Chinese leave Maricopa.
3	It's alright.  We get the kun pao chicken, and the chow mein with water chestnuts.  Their fried chinese foods is pretty inedible from my standards.  Potstickers were half soggy.  Its greasy, and stale.  but anything that has fresh veggies, and cooked meat has been alright.  The prices aren't bad either.
4	I just found out that Great Wall delivered, and was very excited! I can't believe I never knew that!I called to find out their website menu link since it wasn't on Yelp (I've since a added it). She told me it wasn't quite finished yet, and she was definitely right. It was still functional though, and I called back to order. There was a little bit of a language barrier to overcome (it helps to just know exactly what you want and not ask questions) but I made it through and got my sesame chicken, chicken on a stick, Chinese donuts (not on the menu), Scezuan (however you spell it) beef, and pork fried rice ordered. About an hour later, I was enjoying great hot fresh Chinese food! And I mean fresh! It was well worth the wait. The sesame chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside, the chicken on a stick and donuts were like I just got them off the buffet line, and the pork fried rice wasn't dried out. I heard the beef was good too, though I didn't try it. I had enough on my plate, sampling each thing.I have to say I will definitely be ordering again. It was worth the wait!
1	You can't cut costs on the quality of your food! Don't come after 9 or you'll feel like a vulture!
4	Mixed bag. The buffet is underwhelming and quality varies depending on what time you go, but for $8 it's not a surprise. I ordered off the menu and was extremely pleased with the mushu pork- huge serving!  Service was excellent the last 2 visits, but I've had mixed results in the past.
1	Dull Dull Dull, buffet is awful, entrees dull. Prices are decent which just says you get what you pay fore
2	It's ok good but the amount we paid I had hoped for something better. Of course it's Great Wall so I expected nothing great. But sadly in Maricopa it's all we got unless you want panda. If you want the good stuff I suggest getting a cook book and making it yourself.
1	Took too long to get someone to give me a container for buffet to go.  Expensive but was already there so thought what the heck.  While filling the container waitress hovered and then at check out tried to change price to $3 higher as I "put too much food in the container"  I left without food.
5	We've been eating at Great Wall for several years and have rated it the best overall. Never disappointed, food choices have always been good and prices are awesome.
1	Don't waste your money, it's the worst Chinese food ever!!!Just picked up an order of chicken lo mein for dinner. I ordered a pint and they made a quart,  told lady I wanted a  small, she smiled and said sorry we made a large and walked away. These people need to learn how to season and cook food. Absolutely freaking awful.  Would have been better to have skipped dinner and just thrown the money in the trash. Stay far away or make your own Chinese home.
1	We want to order we call and call and call and no answer it's Friday night 10 PM they say they're open till 11 and no answer call and call and call and no answer
