4	Although this place is called China Wing they do also have a separate Korean menu which is actually all I've tried there.  The owners are a Korean family so I figured I try that menu over the Chinese menu which is, I'm guessing, what the majority of their customers order from.  The Korean dishes are a little pricier than the Chinese dishes but the portions are much bigger and they all come with soup, kimchi and radishes usually.  So far I've had their galbi, bulgogi, omul rice, tangsuyok and bibimbap and all are delicious.  Service can be a little slow at times especially during the lunch rush and they're understaffed, I believe the owners son is the only one working the floor! They also have a drive-thru which is a little strange (the restaurant was obviously some fast food place before) and I've never ordered from it.  Aside from those few "flaws" the food has always been delicious!
3	This is a family-run business.  The members of the family are charming people.  Stop in and try them out!
5	China Wing has the best, most authentic Korean food in Charlotte. Yes the service can be a little slow at peak times, but the food makes it all worth it. Make sure you ask for the Korean menu! It's definitely the real thing, some evenings the restaurant is packed with nothing but local Korean families. Very reasonably priced, most entrees under $10, everything under $20 even if you order a drink.
4	This place is a Korean run restaurant.  Don't know why they decided to call it China Wing.  Only if you look at the sign do you realize it's a Chinese/Korean restaurant.  The food here isn't spectacular, but it is still decent Korean food.  They have a $4.95 lunch special, but that only applies to Chinese food.  The nice part is, they serve the elusive Korean-Chinese fare, that you can't find at Korean or Chinese only restaurants.  JJa jang myun, ggampoongi, omul rice, tangsuyok to name a few.The prices are a tad high, but it's still worth a visit.
4	I stopped at Choi's China Wing after an extra long work day.  I was tired and didn't want to cook. If I had to describe China Wing I'd say it's the Sybil of restaurants.  Not that that's a bad thing.  They have wings, burgers, Philly cheese steaks, gyros, fried fish, Chinese and Korean on  their menu.  The restaurant was clean, well maintained and inviting.  The prices were reasonable compared to other places. I ordered the Kung Pao chicken along with and order fo 5 hot wings.  It was late and there was only one couple in the place.  It took a little longer to get my order than usually takes at other Chinese take out places, but it couldn't have been more than 5 minutes or so.  I got my food and headed home.  The Kung Pao wasn't quite what I've had at other places.  I haven't had much Korean food, but it tasted like a little Korean style flavoring was added in. But again that is not a bad thing, it was still very good.  The hot wings were a little on the small side I thought, but very flavorful and well cooked.  They were only $3.95 for an order of five wings.  Overall I'd recommend China Wing if you are looking to grab a bite to eat but can't decide what you want.  I'm gonna stop back some time and try some of the other options on the menu.
4	This place is close to the house and doesn't look very good on the outside, but the inside is nice, and the food is awesome. I feel like I need to clarify why this place is called China Wing but everyone talks about the Korean food here. In Korea, Chinese restaurants are very popular and abundant but they put a Korean twist on the food they make causing it to turn into almost a fusion type cuisine.Anyways on to the actual review, the owners here seem very friendly. The guy on the register remembered me on the second time I came here to eat, which is impressive considering there was a pretty lengthy amount of time in between visits. I almost always order the bibimbap which is delicious and freshly made. It also comes with a nice side of kimchi, pickled daikon, and small bowl of soup. prices are reasonable, and at the end of our meal they usually throw in some stuff for free. The first time I ate here they gave us some orange slices at the end of our meal, and the second time some hot tea!This is a nice place for some decent Korean food, they also have an American, and Chinese menu as well. They've recently added delivery service so that's awesome for the lazy times you don't want to go anywhere! Seeing as there aren't many Korean restaurants in Charlotte, this was a nice find and I'll be back whenever I have cravings for Korean food.
4	Nice variety sure to please anyone in your party. They have chicken wings, gyros, seafood, Chinese entrees, and Korean dishes.Great lunch specials for $5.55, including a drink...but not their Korean menu. We went for the Korean (ask for the special menu)...and we were not disappointed. I stuck with a traditional Korean favorite, Bibimbop. It was delicious! Swirl all the ingredients together and add some of their red pepper paste (which is really thick) and you've got yourself a hearty and scrumptious meal! Between my husband and I, we both agreed that the best part is the rice that cooked to the bottom of the hot pot...crunchy! By the way, I think it's genius to have it in a clay hot pot, every bite is just as hot as the first. Highlights of this restaurant: 1. Like in many Latino establishments, they play novelas..here, they play Korean dating shows and Korean music.2. If you are up to trying something new, no worries, they have a photo of every item on their menu. Point to order!3. The booths are pulled away from the walls. Might not be a big deal to you, but it warranted a lunchtime conversation.4. Friendly service!Go support a local business and try something new and exciting!
3	We did a to go order. Bulgogi. Came with side items- the kimchi was delicious!Bulgogi was ok. I wanted more flavor, maybe they should've marinated it longer. But overall still good and I will go back.You can tell from the the building it use to be an old long john silvers. Place was empty when we came, but we just did it to go.
5	Amazing lunch or dinner spot. The food is super cheap, lunch is $5.55 with a drink, or about $6.50 for dinner with a ton of food.The ingredients are all fresh, none of this sitting in a pot stewing all day. The veggies taste farm fresh and they make everything right when you order it. The staff is friendly and the service is good. Family owned and operated, and the portions are appropriately sized.The only thing lacking is the atmosphere, which is to be expected at the price point, I just hate that they serve gyros and chicken wings and what not, it kinda kills the vibe of their absolutely excellent cheap chinese.
2	Food was decent for what it is. Generous portions,friendly counter guy.Place probably would fail a health inspection thou.Never going back!
4	I was extremely excited to finally visit China Wing, which to my knowledge is the closest place to me where Korean food is served.China Wing looks like it used to be a Long John Silver or similar fast food joint. In order to make it the Korean owners serve a variety of American fast food in addition to the full Korean menu. You want the Korean menu, which has detailed descriptions of the dishes and photographs of most of the options, making it less intimidating for first-timers.I was pleased with everything we ordered including the delicious Korean seafood and scallion pancake, the noodle dish japchae, the BBQ pork and the bi bimbap, a personal favorite. One disappointment was that the selection of banchan or panchan - tiny dishes, often pickled served with the meal - was limited to just 2: tasty kimchi and pickled radish. At other places (of course I'm comparing to Atlanta) you get at least 4-5 different options or possibly more. Still, I can't complain since the main dishes and the banchan we were given were delicious and definitely hit the spot and satisfied my craving for Korean food. I look forward to returning to China Wing and to visiting the other Korean restaurants in the area. I also look forward to visiting my favorite Korean spots back in Atlanta when we visit! Where have you had Korean cuisine in Charlotte? Super G Mart and Cho Wan Garden are on my list.
3	There doesn't seem to be that many Korean places in Charlotte... I know of maybe 4 or so, and driving up to China Wing you'd never really guess this has some of awesome Korean fare. From the outside it looks like yet another crappy, MSG-ridden, over-sauced American-Chinese hell hole. Even when you walk inside, you're still not totally sold you walked into the right place... Boy, are YOU wrong for thinking that! I've been here twice and both times I've been very impressed by their Korean food. I don't know how their Chinese or American dishes are since I never get them, but the Korean dishes are great!This time I had the Dolsot Bibimbap and it was very well serviced. The cute cashier asked me if I'd ever had it before, to which I lied and said no. She gave me a very nice and friendly lesson on the dish, the name and what it means all while practically prepping it for me and serving it. She stirred my pot (no pun intended) and suggested how to eat it and what not. Very nice.Before my Bibimbap arrived they bring out a bowl of shredded chicken soup, some kimchi and this sweet pickled radish with sugar which was out of this world.So, all in all, it was a great visit, great food, great service and great info.But let's knock off a couple stars.One because I've had better Korean food and because when you first walk in, you can get a little confused between the Chinese and Korean and hamburger signs on the wall.The second star was lost (and I'm being nice here as I usually knock off two stars for this sin) because they serve you unfiltered water. I HATE IT when a restaurant serves me unfiltered water. It's disgusting and unclean and it can ruin your meal. I only took a sip and thought about sending it back. But figured the girl had been nice enough and the food was good enough that I could do without.
5	The bi bam bap is fantastic! Friendly service. Highly recommended.
4	Another great South Blvd. ethnic restaurant.  Had the Jae Yuk Bok Um.  It was great.  Flavorful and spicy.  They were very friendly and happy to recommend and explain items.  My son ate the buffalo wings with fries and they were excellent also.
4	For those Charlotte transplants from other big cities like LA or NYC, this is definitely one of the places to go for some solid authentic Korean-Chinese dishes like jajangmyeon, jampong, and bibimbap.  These are the three dishes that I've had from here over the course of a few months.  I can't wait to try them all!I wanted to give this place 5 stars, climb atop a nearby mountain and shout out how their place is awesome... but man, they give you side dishes of kimchi and radish.  Both were waaaaaaay to fermented to the point that the radish side was a little yellowed and tasted bitter from being old.  Keep the radish fresher at least!Kinda lazy on an early Friday evening before going out, so I'm not gonna break down dishes and stuff and what I thought.  People that have had Korean food from Koreatown in LA or NY or wherever would consider their food to be legit.It appears the place is owned by Koreans, so much props to my peeps for making good Korean food.  The dude who was there was about my age and a pretty cool dude.  Friendly.  Oh yeah, they have all this other stuff on the menu too like wings and stuff, but I have no clue if it's good.  Go for the Korean! dmo out.
5	Our favorite Korean restaurant in Charlotte! The Bi Bim Bap and Bulgogi is so delicious. Very friendly service also.Don't be fooled by the name "China Wing". When you go in, ask for Korean menu.
4	If you are looking for homemade, authentic Korean cuisine, this quaint spot has it! The owners are very kind, the decor isn't fancy but who cares, the food is delicious. Always take friends who want Korean here.
4	The market forces them to have less bonchon selection, but grateful they are here.(Dolsot bibimbap - pictured)
3	After reading all the great reviews including the endorsements from my K-Town peeps, I went out on a limb and order jajangmyun and Korean fried chicken. Oh no. You guys really let me down. First, it wasn't authentic . . . which I suppose it doesn't have to be, but the recipe and delivery was also poor. I'll give this place another try because quite frankly if you want Korean in Charlotte, your choices are this limited.
5	Love their crab ragoons!!!!! Everything is made hot and fresh!  And super friendly employees!
2	This is my second time being here. Today I had tried their lunch special for 5.99 which includes ice tea, choice of fries or fried rice and main entree. I have to say I'm kinda bummed about the portion size. It's like a kids portion. I'll add the picture to show you how my hand just covers the area. Mind you I don't have big hands all. The fried chicken is alright, a bit dry and the rice isn't something to remember. I would give it another go since their menu is extensive. They include American finger foods, basic American Chinese food and Korean food. Their kimchi is alright, it is a bit fermented but it's still good if you go with the flow. I just wish the portion size was little bit more for the price I pay on the Korean menu. Then again I might be asking too much since this is Charlotte, where authentic Korean is very sacred.
3	This "Chinese" restaurant serves cheese steaks and looks like an old Captain D's.Its not bad, its just not that good.  Especially for the price.  If you want me to enjoy mediocre Chinese for lunch it better not be much more than $5.  Plenty of other options out there.
4	Driving up to China Wing was a little confusing.  I desperately was looking for some delicious Korean food (being 1/2 Korean) during my biz trip to Charlotte and found this little gem named, oddly enough, China Wing.This is a family owned business that serves delicious and authentic Korean dishes as well as Chinese and some Greek food.  Unusual combination, but if you have picky eaters in your group then know there are other options to choose from.  During my frequent travels to the city, I've enjoyed eating at China Wing at least 5 times.  I've gotten to know the waitress and have brought colleagues to the restaurant to eat.  Again, I'm glad the menu had options for picky eaters.  The dolsot bibimbap is delish.  The spicy pork is yummo.  The kimchi is right on.  My mother would probably be more critical as she is an amazing Korean cook, but I will certainly return for future meals. Always great, friendly, and personal service.  The prices are very affordable for Korean cuisine in Charlotte.  Don't let the building fool you.  Try it then decide for yourself.Cheers!
4	Very nice and friendly staff. The owners are Korean and take pride in this restaurant. Make sure to try the dol sot Bibimbap. Delicious.
3	I had much higher expectations for here but have to admit that it is one of the few places I can get Korean in Charlotte. What worries me however is that I visited for the first time as I was coming off of a smoothie cleanse. At that point I'm afraid anything would have satisfied my hunger.We ordered the Korean-style wings, an order of beef bulgogi and pork dumplings. The wings were meaty and I will say I was a fan of the sauce. However, at just over $1/wing I can't help but feel kind of ripped off. The bulgogi was one of those things that I was happy to see as I typically only get to indulge in it in New York or DC/Northern VA. I'd say it was "good". It was almost "very good" but for some reason I kept getting a very "gamey" flavor from it. Other than that it was a generous portion and the rest of the flavors hit the spot for what I'd consider decent bulgogi. That brings us to the dumplings. These I would most certainly pass on! If they weren't from a bag of frozen dumplings from an Asian market then I have serious worries for the cook given that my first attempt at making homemade pork dumplings was light years ahead of what I got out of the dumplings here. Like I said, I can't help but think they were just frozen dumplings and for that I would avoid. I know this can sometimes be difficult when dumplings (otherwise a delicious nugget of goodness) are on the menu.Service was great! We were in for lunch and although it was just us and another table the server were very attentive and didn't make us feel rushed. Food was prepared and served quickly as well.I feel like I might be stretching a bit at three stars but given the limited options for Korean in Charlotte I needed to give them the benefit of the doubt. However, I am making it my self-proclaimed mission to seek out and consume some of the other delicious Korean delicacies that do exist in Charlotte (although a little further from Center City than I'd like). Depending on the experiences elsewhere I will be sure to update my review accordingly.
2	This is my second time being here. Today I had tried their lunch special for 5.99 which includes ice tea, choice of fries or fried rice and main entree. I have to say I'm kinda bummed about the portion size. It's like a kids portion. The fried chicken is alright, a bit dry and the rice isn't something to remember. I would give it another go since their menu is extensive. They include American finger foods, basic American Chinese food and Korean food. Their kimchi is alright, it is a bit fermented but it's still good if you go with the flow. I just wish the portion size was little bit more for the price I pay on the Korean menu. Then again I might be asking too much since this is Charlotte, where authentic Korean is very sacred.
