3	The menu is limited, and that's fine, because I understand it's an Italian coffee shop. And the drink is good and well made, I believe the staff to be trained well. However, our one time experience took the impression that the boys behind the counter didn't care about customers other than to fill their cup well. I'm kind to roughness, but there's a difference between gruff and indifference for the well-being of patrons. The atmosphere isn't all-encompassing enough to be the essence, and neither is the coffee. The space is so open and sharing that the essence should be the people that inhabit it. The kids running the show had some negative vibes running through them that day. Maybe it was just one bad day, but if that's the case then they shouldn't be offended by one negative review.
5	This coffee will punch you in the face and you will like it. Eat your toast. Share your table with the dapper and curmudgeonly. Say thank you to your family of baristas with the same seriousness and hint of wisecrack they serve up. Discuss soccer. Swivel on a stool. Exeunt smiling.
5	Ah but what to say about Caffe Italia but amazing coffee whether you choose espresso, cappuccino, Latte.....you'll taste the quality from the first sip! I come here now and then and always look forward to the visitIt is true old school Italian style! The sandwiches are always amazing as well they have pannetoni, "S" cookies and more it is truly an Italian experience and always be a favorite place to me!Tutti va bene dopo una cafe di Caffe Italia!!
3	This cafe looks authentic and cute and is definitely worth a visit. However, I thought that my coffee (latte) was very average - pretty much Starbucks quality.  Since I expected the coffee here to be amazing, I was a bit disappointed.
5	I love stopping here when I'm in Little Italy because they have great coffee for reasonable prices.  I can't comment on the food because I usually get coffee only.  The espresso is of high quality and is not  bitter like at some coffee shops.  It goes down smoothly.  Also their cappuccinos are always worth getting.The place has the feel of an old school Italian espresso bar which I love and there is a TV which broadcasts Italian football matches on the weekends.
4	As a 2nd generation Italian, you know you're stepping in an authentic Italian caffe when it's 7:30 AM and 15 elderly Italians are sharing the place with you speaking to one another in different dialects of Italian with plenty of hand gestures to go around about "La Seria A" (it was Monday).I ordered a cappuccino to go and was immediately received in a very friendly fashion despite on how busy it was. The quality of my cappuccino was exceptional and served quickly.The price tag is a bit higher than some other places I know (with an extra fee of ordering to go?) but you'll pay for it and accept it. There's no denying the quality of this place and you pay more for quality.La qualita e la.Will visit again.
4	Love their cappuccino! It was like being in Italy.  Delicious! I didn't care much for their proscuitto sandwich, but just loved the cafe and the family owned vibe of the place.
5	Absolutely amazing Italian coffees. The atmosphere, set-up and clientele remind me of being in Italy.
5	This cafe has a special place in my heart. It is not only where I had my first date with my first boyfriend (now first ex), but it is the very place that made me turn into the die-hard biscotti and coffee lover/aficionado that I claim myself to be now. Seriously, the best espresso is served here. I have a piece of Caffe Italia in my home, a bag of their home roast beans. Some people can't stand Italian coffee for its strong bitterness, but I enjoy every sip of it. The biscotti comes on a small heated plate, dare I say, saucer. The original is usually chewier, owing to its less-hard texture. I believe this cafe is where I first ate a whole biscotti, and from then on, I began to express my devotion and love to biscottis by ordering them in any cafe across Montreal that sold them.Without a doubt, Caffe Italia will be one of the landmarks of Montreal that I shall miss after this year. I shall miss the drinks and sweets, but also the wood panelling, the multiple photos of the cafe's interior and exterior since its founding, framed posters of famous F1 competitors, the Crucifixion cross above the unisex washroom, Italian men crowding around the TVs, the outdoor tables, and even the occasional man in the back writing away like some serious poet or philosopher.
3	Great Italian cafe that still looks like it's in the 1960s with old Italian men at the bar sipping their espressos in the morning. I ordered an iced latte and it was good!
4	After a week in Montreal and trying about 7 different coffee places, if have to say that this was the best out of all of them. Unfortunately, it's not the best I've ever had. It's so unfortunate to be spoiled by such great coffees and espressos! The ambiance is like that of a sporty cafe where elders and men stop by to watch a soccer game, read a newspaper, and enjoy a nice cup of latte or cappuccino.
5	This is the legit shit. Serving up espresso that makes my people proud. Where the nonnos go for an espresso. That's a sign right there. Straight up, honest, like your nonna made it. Basically, the original hipsters right here. More like original coffee gangsters.
5	Best espresso in town! Order it short and your caffeine boost is guaranteed. The entire coffee shop is such an experience to be in, the elderly Italians talking in Italian between each other, the beautiful coffee bar with the small stools, the old school classical tables and chairs. They even sell Italian eau de cologne, look behind the bar on your left and you will see the old fashioned packages of cosmetics. Their cappuccino is quite good too, get some biscotti along with your coffee and happiness will be upon you!
