5	There not really open just yet, should be soon according to the owner James, this guy is really knowledgable and nice he really knows his products, he also informed me he'll be stocking exclusive products. Like I said they weren't open when I went but he still sold me some juice. Long story short it's a great looking shop and they have lots of stuff there.  I would advise every vape head to stop by and support this new and upcoming business
5	Probably my favorite vape shop in vegas. Good vibes and great people around.  They have great selection of juices and mods and good prices. Also got my mech rebuilt here and im loving the way it hits now. Showed me the better naterial to use to maximize the potential of it.  I will shop here many more times and would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Cloud Citi is by far the best vape shop in vegas. The guys that work there provide excellent customer service everytime I come in. They have a great selection of juices and mods at a resonable price. If you're looking for a place that has a good atmosphere, I'd definitely recommend stopping by.
5	Went in looking for a better ecig  the guys there showed me the Joyetech evic. I was happy with the build quality and they unsealed my boxed unit by cutting the hologram seal on the box. At home I could not get the computer to recognize the software for monitoring use. I scrached off the hidden authorization code on the box and tried to verify that it was a true Joyetech product. Joyetech responded that it was not. Email to Joyetech was quickly answered that the code had been used numerous times and had been flagged as being used for clones.I returned the product the next day and everyone at Cloud Vapors were very concerned about the problem. They made every effort to verify the unit was real upto and inculing calling Joyetech in china. When we found the unit was most likely a very good clone, they volunteered to refund my money.I think Cloud went above and beyond what most of the vape stores in town would do to keep a customer satisfied. GOOD JOB EVERYONE AT Cloud City
5	I've been this shop a few timesthis past week. James and hoss have been extremely helpful they've helped me transition from Cigarettes to vapor they have also been very informative this is my go to store
5	Great place to chill and buy mods have a great selection.  James and other staff great to speak to very friendly and know what they are talking about. Budda friendly pittbull walking around. Juices are good too.
5	This place is amazing. James is very helpful and can carry a conversation with you. Their master builder Has is the best. I won't get my rebuild done any were else. It a great place to buy juice and top end mods. Always gives you advice on how you can make bigger clouds for those cloud chasers out there
5	Customer service is extraordinary! First time visiting this shop and we were greeted with a smile. The shop is chill, music is at a respectable level, plenty of seating and just all around a very pleasant experience. I love their juice lines and their knowledge of flavor profiles.
5	They are one of my favorite vape shops in las vegas. Amazing selection of juices. The whole nine yards. Check them out!
4	This was a nice store. I really liked that there juice selection was on a tablet. High tech. Juice selection was good and good customer service. I found the mod holder that I was looking for. I'm a happy vaper.
5	Very good help. Great selection of juices.  Only people I've found to carry lost art juice which is the best imp. Very good environment and great location.
5	Came here to buy my boyfriend a mod, he really likes it.   Great environment, everyone here is super friendly.
3	overall a great shop only thing I didn't like was the fact that I could not try juices due to the fact that they were understaffed and I did not want to stop the guy building some ones mod to show me a juice..... other than that very friendly staff willing to let you build your mod with there tools and they know what they are talking about!
