5	Another great place to eat in Montreal!  A wide variety of options on the breakfast front (seeing that I was there between the breakfast and lunch hours) and if I am not mistaken, breakfast is served for most of the day, if not all day.  The egg dishes and omelettes come with white or wheat toast, breakfast potatoes, a small fruit cup, and coffee, if you so choose.  I had a basic cheddar omelette with wheat toast and probably the best potatoes ever (not greasy at all!)  They also offer a nice selection of pancakes, crepes, french toast, and any other breakfast dish you could possibly think of.  Friendly waitstaff, excellent food, and great service make it all the more enjoyable.  Plus, the restaurant is so conveniently located in the trendy St. Laurent area along with many other cool shops.
5	We woke up late but still wanted to breakfast.  Not knowing what our options where in terms of "Denny's" and "IHOPs" in Canada, we decided to check this place out.  They serve breakfast until 4pm.   Great place, great options, and we were able to get our pancakes and toast in the afternoon!
3	Want breakfast? That's what you'll get. Classic petite dejeuner for under $5 with lots of other breakfast options on the menu. No frills, no jam (you have to ask and even then they dole the stuff out like gold, one packet at a time), lots of refills on your coffee.They serve late, are quick about it, will probably tease you about your French and bring you a hot simple plate of exactly what you expected.The potatoes are quite tasty. Like fries but in the shape of breakfast potatoes.Breakfast served until 4pm, Interac and credit cards accepted, you can easily get out of Le Vieux St-Laurent for two under $15.
4	Great greasy breakfast. Get one of the "festins" and you'll be full for the rest of the day. Even though the place is usually very busy, the staff is friendly. Always hits the spot.
3	Trekked a long way to get here for brunch as per our concierge's recommendation one Saturday afternoon. We waited about an hour between the time we ordered our food and the time it was placed in front of us. The waitress said that it was always that busy on Saturdays but I felt that we could have been warned as we were extremely famished once we arrived and were literally going stir crazy watching people eating around us.Despite this major setback our food that arrived was delicious. The eggs were cooked perfectly, the bacon wasn't too fatty and it came with a small cup of fruit and unlimited coffee which we really needed. The homefries were my favorite part and I would go back just for those.Overall, I am pleased with the food but felt that the service should have informed us of the long wait ahead so we could plan accordingly.
4	Came here with a local friend who swears this is her favourite spot for breakfast. I'm a sucker for well-worn diners, and that is exactly what we found here. Luckily, we were early enough to grab a table - this is a very popular spot, and the crowd at the entrance was thick at the entrance when we left. Food is diner food, and that's perfect for a weekend morning. I had the smoked salmon omelette and I really enjoyed it. Large portions, bottomless coffee and typically neutral service (they just need to keep pushing the customers through) were expected and received.  For the portions and the "greasy spoon" atmosphere, I'll be back.
3	Pretty much the most average place on The Main, but that plays to its charm. It's got eggs, it's got bacon and in the afternoon, it has sandwiches and some other stuff. You get what you pay for, and always leave with a full stomach. Fun fact: This is my first time back in two years, and NONE of the staff have changed. Good sign that they're treated well.
5	Do you want to eat a fancy meal, where you like boasting you scored seats? Well this ain't it!This has been a Main staple for so long and yet maintained its goal, to fill you up!The Omelette was excellent, the amount of fruit served is unbelievable (given how rising commodity prices has decreased portions elsewhere)What you see is what you get, an amazing breakfast!
4	Ouvert depuis des lustres, ce petit deli me rappelle mon adolescence, dejeuner toute la jounee, toute la semaine. Tout est bon, du steak au burger en passant par la soupe du jour maison et des frites croustillantes. Pas tres cher et tres bon service.
