1	Do Not Go Here.  The only reason I have more than one experience is that they put tires on my car and I got the warranty and had to use it a few times.  So got lazy and let them do some of the other things that needed doing.  The tires are fine but:They put crappy brake pads on my car - they work but squeal like crazy.  I kept taking it back there and they "could not replicate the problem".  I took it to AAA on S. Blvd and they said the quality of pads on the pad were not good and replacment was the only option to stop the loud squeal that announces my every stop.  When in for the tires I attempted to get inspected- the manager of the place told me that my shocks were bad and that the car would not pass inspection.   This is crap, I have driven enough barely-passing-inspection cars to know the deal.  He wanted to charge me over 500.00 for new ones.  I did have a bulb out (they wanted 30.00 to change this) so they got to fail my car.  Good for them.Service in general sucked too.Go to AAA on South Blvd- these guys have nothing to sell you so they treat you right.  SO glad I found them.
3	I came in here because I needed an oil change before a road trip and they were open an hour later than the Meineke. I walked up to the counter 28 minutes before closing and was told the desk clerk would have to check to see if they could fit me in. I could hear the techs whining, which rubbed me the wrong way, but was eventually told it wouldn't be a problem.The desk clerk was pleasant and they were done by 5 minutes before close (though I suspect is was more for their convenience than my satisfaction with their speed). Either way, for $40 I got my oil change before leaving for my trip and that's what mattered to me.
4	I took my car in to check out what was making my tire lose pressure, and they immediately found a leak and quoted me on resealing it.  They told me there might be damage to the steel inside since it had been driven while under-inflated.. when they took it off, though, they affirmed there had been no damage (rather than trying to upsell me on a new tire) and had it sealed / remounted for less than $20 in about an hour.
1	Super rip off. Took the car in for an oil change. They recommended $2000+ of "repairs". I left and took it to a mechanic who I trust. All it needed was $230 for brake pads (Firestone wanted $450 for that). Stay away from this place unless you have money you don't want.
1	Service people were friendly; they honored their advertised specials (coupons), and they had my vehicle out in a reasonable amount of time.But they lost a customer.I know my truck.  And while I am not an auto technician, I have more than a fair knowledge of how things work.When I was in, they tried selling me an alignment, which I found very odd - considering that the vehicle wasn't pulling, nor did it need steering corrections, while driving it.  Immediately prior to bringing it in, my vehicle tracked straight; I could take my hands off of the steering wheel, and it would stay in lane.Driving away from the shop, I noticed an immediate pulling to the left.  Thinking it was the road, I reserved my opinion for a long drive.Now the truck pulls to the left, and needs constant steering corrections.(Read between the lines)Since I have little recourse, I am getting the truck aligned tomorrow.  Somewhere else. It's a shame, because this local shop was favored by my Wife & I for routine maintenance.
2	Not only tires or oil, I needed *complete* auto care and so it was to Firestone I headed after checking their website and printing out a coupon. Oil change, tire balance and rotation, and to also check the brakes.I arrived slightly ahead of my appointment, handed over the keys, and wandered nearby to get some breakfast. Flying Biscuit has great biscuits or the bagel place is okay.After an hour, I was back but the car was still being worked on. Another hour later, it was finally ready. The tech said that the oil was fine, the tire rotation and balance went okay and (surprisingly) the brakes were also okay. But he recommended a whole host of other things that "needed" doing - air filter, air cabin filter, alignment, cooling system flush - for a few hundred dollars. Uh, no thanks.The work was solid and I was pleased with how much better my car rides with the re-balanced tires. But for darned sure, it doesn't need all that extra work.So be aware if you head here that they may try to upsell you for a bunch of stuff that you might not really need.
3	Was told that they do first-come first-served basis. Arrived at 5 o'clock, they are still currently working on my car at 7 PM, as well as turning off the lobby lights. I did not feel like a valued customer here. They did not keep me informed. Also like all money catchers, they called to tell me there was some corrosion on my 1999 Corolla. Go figure! They also tell me that the car would be finished by 630. Still now it is 710 and I am about to pay. Did enjoy the coupon, but won't return
1	Stopped in at 6:35pm for an inspection and was turned away with no one there in line. Told I would have to come back.  Sign said open till 7pm.  Most inspections take 15 minutes.  Would not recommend.
2	I'm giving them an additional star here because they did take the time to get to my car after calling late on a Sunday afternoon.  I arrived at 3:00 or so and they finally pulled my car back to take a look at a nail/bolt that had punctured my tire to begin plugging the tire.  I received a call stating that the hole was too big to plug and I needed a new tire to the tune of approximately $375.00, which is an accurate price for that tire.  I had already read some of the other reviews here and felt like something wasn't right given that I had seen the damage to the tire and didn't think it was that bad.  I proceeded to ask them to charge me whatever for just looking at it (which they actually waived) and park it out front because I would take it to my local shop closer to my home (Woodies on North Tryon).  After parking it at Woodies, I received a call saying the car was ready and the plug was fine for a grand total of $25.  My advice, steer clear of this place if you can because they obviously love to up sell you on scope of work you don't need!
1	My girlfriend took it there to get new tires and inspection. It did not pass inspection and said it cost around $800 to repair the problem. I took it to another place the very next day and they said there was nothing wrong with it. They tried to take advantage of her even when she bought 4 new tires.Two days later, the check engine light comes on. It turned out, they barely put any air in the front left tire. It was under 20 psi which is dangerous when you drive on the highway. They couldn't even pump up the new tires that she bought.Never go here. They will do everything they can to rip you off because they get paid based on commission.
3	I've been taking my car to this Firestone location for a few years now when I need an oil change or tires rotated.  I like that I have plenty of options when I'm waiting for my car.  Their lobby has a tv, magazines and free wifi.  But the store is also in Park Rd Shopping Center, so I could grocery shop, shop, eat, anything really.This past visit I had a 10am appointment, so I dropped off my car and headed over to Harris Teeter.  I came back at 10:30 and my car was outside - so I thought it was done!  Nope.I was lucky to get out of there by 11:15am.  Sad panda.
