5	What a pleasure to fly on this airline - first of all, they fly out of T3 at McCarran and the terminal itself is a joy to experience. Just hope that it doesn't come to be like the main terminal too soon! The best thing about this airline is that they board passengers starting with the back of the plane, right after the First Class and their club member passengers. I'm not aware of another airline who does this. The boarding agent actually made people adhere to this, as well. She was also very pleasant and greeted each passenger by name. The attendants' service was friendly and we were provided snack choices, and the usual selection of drinks. They had me at Starbucks!Overall, I'd fly this airline again and I hope they start expanding to other cities!!!
4	Vegas to Seattle nonstops is all Monkey needs...
5	Love me some Alaska Airlines.  There is always a decently priced ticket to LA and Vegas.
5	Alaska is one of my favorite airlines because they run a tight ship...always seem to be well organized and flights seem to be on schedule. The attendants are super nice, but they stopped giving out cookies at the end of the flight!
5	I upgraded to first class on my most recent trip to Vegas on AA and had an excellent experience. The crew were all unbelievably friendly, professional and seemed to be actually enjoying the flight. I enjoyed the hell out of it with my comfy seat, free wi-fi, three Tanqueray and tonics, and the spinach feta wrap.
4	Nothing fancy about flying with AA, but I've never had a really bad experience with them.  I can think of a number of things to gripe about traveling with Alaska, but they're all really gripes about air travel in general: cramped seats, ridiculous boarding policies, baggage fees...  Oh well, that's just the way things are these days.  When traveling on the West Coast, Alaska has regular flights to just about every major city and many not-so-major ones-- and at reasonable fares.  I usually shop for price and nonstops, and this is the airline that often comes out on top.
1	If I could give Alaska Airline 0 stars I would. With all of the Airlines that i have flown with, my worst experience would be with this Airline.  First, our flight was canceled in Seattle so we decided to call reservation while waiting to  talk to a customer service agent in person.  I was a little hesitant with the customer service agent because I saw the way she was servicing the person before us. Of course no smile, no nothing, she dreaded our existence as if she did not want to be working. I asked her about our flight and she had no clue it was canceled due to maintenance, she basically told us she couldn't help us so i ask for a supervisor. The supervisor at the station had the worst attitude in customer service that I have ever encountered, believe me when i said that i stayed calm the whole time.  The supervisor did not know the reasoning for the canceled flight either until she paged someone. Her rude attitude was no acceptable. We had an event the moment we land and had to be in the Las Vegas Convention center right after so our urgency to get on the next flight was not a concern to them. I asked if it was possible to get on the next available flight or another airline, they did not want to help, they did not give us any options, no nothing. Noted the cancellation was due to maintenance and not weather related but they felt like they don't have to take ownership for it.  As to many other airlines they understand that maintenance is under their control and would find ways to help their customers.  The reasoning for not helping us was of course we are not a "diamond member, as she stated something close to that.  We asked if it's possible to put us on stand by for the next flight, she finally did, and after we took a few steps away form the counter we heard the supervisor gossiping about the situation, yes very professional.   Feeling uneasy about the experience, the night before leaving Vegas we got down to the conference room in our hotel building  and realized they had screwed up our flight coming back from Vegas to Seattle. Of course, with the service and screw up they have given us in Seattle, we were not surprise at all. When we called reservations they tried to place the blame on something else! What a sh!t show. Alaska Airline can not take ownership of their own companies fault, they pass it around to anything that they could to make their company hold that image of being the better airline.  The no good agent and supervisors in the Seattle Airport was a joke, Please fire them. Terrible work ethic and customer service.  They represent your company and if this is the face of Alaska Airline why should we choose your mileage card compared to other Airlines? Especially with Alaska Airline's terrible service? We shared this information inside the Las Vegas Convection Center with several people and will be sharing this terrible service to many more, for even though we are not your "Diamond members" we are still your customers. We made the mistake of choosing your mileage program this past year. and now we know better. We know we fly frequently enough to know better that service should not be this terrible.  It was a big surprise for us due to the fact that Alaska Airline should be one of the best and from this experience, it was the worst out of the 8 flights i have taken this year.
5	Loved the crew and their friendly attitude on the flight to Seattle and the return flight to Las Vegas.  The seats we comfy!  The captain was great about waring to fasten seat belts when we had a little turbulence.  The stewardess kept stopping by to see if we needed anything, if we like our meals, if we wanted water... I noticed her doing the same to everyone in our area.  Even the counter people we nice at Alaska Airlines.  When we landed they announced the baggage carousel number and it was flashing above the door as we exited into the airport.  We had a great experience!
5	This is my home airline and fly it pretty much exclusively. I love their new upgrades to their seats and their newer planes are very comfortable. Most importantly though, their mileage plan is top notch with lots of great partners.
