4	This is my favorite Banana Republic location because it gets me away from the crowds at the mall, which is a plus for me.  Annoying malls are the main reason why I do most of my shopping online.  Plus, the redesigned Banana Republic at Fashion Show Mall is just annoying.  What were they thinking?It's hard to choose your salespeople at these places, but if you are lucky enough to get Kyle, she's great!  She's a very petite, blonde lady who is extremely enthusiastic and attentive.  She checks in with you frequently and will go back a zillion times for sizes.  She also has good recommendations for accessories, shells, etc.This location has a good selection and if you aren't feeling it, there are a lot of good stores in the same corner strip mall including GAP and Ann Taylor.
4	Banana Republic has several locations around town, and this one located across from Boca Park in the heart of Summerlin is my personal favorite.  They have great displays of all the new product for every season.  The store also makes sure it has several sizes for almost every item and it seems to be only about half the size of the location at Caesar's.The staff is friendly, and makes great suggestions about sizes, sales, and upcoming events.
4	This store always has the best deals.  The employees are very helpful.  You won't find the same low prices on the strip!
2	I was just there today and I'm just visiting here for the weekend. I was browsing around and I'd noticed that none of the sales associates greeted or asked me if I needed help. There's this one sales lady walked by me and I was going to asked her for help and I'd noticed that she said hello to 3 or 4 customers but not to me... Was I invisible to her or what?!  it seemed like that sales lady only picked customers  to say hi to.... I'm not coming back here again.....
5	Came here the day after Christmas expecting a worn out staff, but I was quite surprised just how pleasant everybody was. I was able to get gifts for some guests that arrived after the holiday. Good selections and you can't beat a 40% off the already mark-down prices. In and out in 30 minutes which during this time I was being helped from one of their staff. I will definitely come back to this location.
1	The one star refers to Sales Associate, Michelle.  I requested alterations for an ankle length pant that was a bit too long.  Michelle was sent to the dressing rooms to assist with this and immediately projected a negative attitude and rude tone.  Instead of assisting politely and patiently to determine the length of the pant, she asked another customer if she needed help.  I had to wait for her to finish with the other customer.  She insisted that she couldn't assist with determining the length of the pant, due to my socks being on.  She did inform me that the pant came in a short length and that she'd have to make a call.  After making the call, she informed me that indeed the pants come in a short length, in all colors.  I stated that I wouldn't be able to try them on and she abruptly shouted "they fit the same"!  When I voiced my concern with the manager, she informed me that they don't actually fit the same; the short length is a bit shorter in the rise.  Without saying a word about my thoughts of Michelle, my daughter said "She's an angry elf".  Michelle's tone and attitude was not the same with the other customer.  She showed her patience and a calm demeanor.  Maybe this Michelle is prejudice towards Japanese women.
4	I rarely shop here and when I do I never find anything. But this time I found some great stuff and I was super happy.They had great sales going on and I was able to get a lot of things at great prices. Shorts, summer ops and summer dresses were around 30% off. I will definitely give this place another try.This is a great location and really easy access. But I hate when they try and push that store credit card the whole time I am shopping. Please people- If I wanted it, I would probably already have it. That was the only downfall to my trip. Maybe on my next visit I will tell them at the door that I do not want the credit card.
3	Great clothes; staff is hit or miss.  Clothes are over priced so you have to catch a sale.  Beware that "Designer" clothes do not get any discount, or so I was today told.  Not sure what was in it for her, but they had multiple sales going today, and she wasn't about to give me anything off those pants!
