4	The Taconauts! The Bacon Tofu lettuce wraps, the  blue cheese salad, wow. It was all fantastic, and the guys working it are awesome as well. Finding some coconut water for sale with the food was an added treatFor just having launched, they are doing pretty well. I hope they are ready for the crowds they are surely going to get.  Also, the addition of music that was not too loud, and yet fun to have in the background was a good addition. Sorta bringing a  little bit of a restaurant experience to the streets.Looking forward to the other items on the menu and any new ones.
4	Pleasant surprise for my downtown lunch!  Nice guys, too!
4	This truck is a lot of fun, and I was glad that I got to check them out at First Friday.We got two orders of the taconauts and their wings.  I think this was called the flying monkey combo.  Tried the wings in each flavor.  The BBQ is extremely sweet.  Not my thing but my family loved them.  I liked the spicy ones.  They aren't extremely hot, so I think a wide range of people could enjoy them.The taconauts are amazing.  Crunchy and gooey and oh so good. My nephew really liked their truck because they have a speaker that they play monkey sounds out of.  He spent quite a while trying to figure out where the monkey was.  Hah!
3	My girlfriend got the taconuts and man where they awesome!
3	Tried out Flying Monkey at Vegas StrEATS a couple of weeks ago.  First and foremost I have to say that it was crazily windy that evening.   I actually considered that it was some sort of viral marketing from Flying Monkey in trying to simulate the tornado from Wizard of Oz to go along with the flying monkeys.  So there was wind and some awful hard rock/metal music (no offense to that awful band) that was making my pre-existing headache pound more and more so all of that could have played a part in my overall experience.   Yeesh I sound old.   To further this, I'll also say that I'm generally not a huge fan of the food truck experience as I prefer to sit while I a)order, b)wait, and c)eat.   So if the food is exceptionally good I'll bear with all of these things (see: Fukuburger) , but otherwise I don't find them any more convenient than just going to a restaurant and not having to worry about weather, loud headbanging music, or my legs collapsing onto themselves for being stood on for more than 5 minutes at a time.Their menu has some unique items, of which literally all of them sounded tasty to me.   I ended up settling on the Rawwrr Sandwich with Jalapeno Fries combo because I go out of my way to use some variation of Rawwrr in my everyday vocabulary so this was helpful.   Then came the wait.  Now to be fair, several people must have ordered their food ahead of me and went wandering around like normal human beings at a festival, but naturally I decided to just stand there and wait not realizing this.   Order after order was called and it ended up taking much longer than I anticipated.    I don't put any of this on FMT though, as they were certainly hustling to get the food out as fast as they could.    Once my order was finally called, I went to a table and valiantly tried to take bites of this grilled bulgogi and pickled veggie sandwich while simultaneously making sure the wind didn't decide to pick up my fries, my drink, or the entire table itself with it.   I gave up after a few bites and a few close calls with the wind and ended up sitting down on the curb where things seemed a lot more stable wind-wise.   Somewhere people with even a basic understanding of meteorology or physics is nodding their head for reasons my feeble mind can't comprehend.   Here I was able to finish my meal in peace.   As for the food itself, I thought the Rawwrr sandwich was good, though I did find the bulgogi itself a little tougher than I had hoped for.  I found myself needing to rip at the sandwich with my teeth on every bite to make sure that entire chunks of beef didn't get pulled out each and every time.   Flavors were still nice with all of the components (pickled veggies, cilantro, mayo, and the bread) outside of that.    The fries were a little more disappointing.   Don't get me wrong, they tasted okay, but given that jalapeno and fries are one of my favorite combinations, and the fact that I ordered it even though it mentioned they were tossed with butter and I'm lactose intolerant, I was hoping they would be incredible and make my gurgly tummy worth it.  As another user mentioned, there just didn't seem to be a lot of jalapeno present, and the butter to me didn't seem to add anything to the flavor to make it even worth being there.   With how inventive many of their other items seem to be, it's my opinion these need a little extra something to put them over the top.   If I ever got another sandwich from here, I'd pass on the combo option.So overall I felt the food experience was decent.   Service was extremely friendly and for their first time at StrEATS they did a commendable job.   Next time I'm definitely trying to Taco-naut.
4	I was headed to Jamba Juice today when I saw some sort of gathering on the other side of the road. And then it hit me: there was the unmistakable shape and funky paint of a food truck. After I picked up a smoothie, I stopped by and found out that it was Flying Monkey.The lady greeted me with a "May the 4th be with you!" when she saw my shirt. Yep, great first impression already! I decided to get the Taconauts because they would probably be a little bit less filling than the other things. I was alone, but they'd be awesome to share for groups of up to 4 people.I hesitate to use the colloquialism "oh my god," but OMG! The Taconauts are like a fantastic appetizer that you might expect at a nice sushi place, but I have not experienced anything quite like this. It overwhelmed my mouth with flavor and that crunch from the fried wonton skin.There was just a small issue with some of my rice being a little dry, but I was left very satisfied and feeling so lucky that I happened to luck into these guys. Maybe I'll get to try their other items some day.
4	Tried these guys out at Yelp's 89XXXhibition, so I only got a sample.  But if their Taco Naut is anything to go by, these guys are awesome.  Gotta find them on the street so I can try the rest of their menu.
