4	On a recent business trip to Montreal, we had business meetings in St. Laurent, and a colleague recommended this place for lunch.Located inside a strip mall across the way from Cote Vertu (a shopping mall), my initial reaction was...another commercialized bar and grill in suburbia land.Although my initial perception was somewhat correct, I must say that this restaurant did not fail to serve good food.First off, the service was extremely friendly.  The waitress was very attentive and kept our beverages flowing at all times.Then, there's the food.  I ordered a filet mignon skewer, served with rice and veggies.  The meat...cooked perfectly.  The rice was also done quite well, along with the veggies (and trust me, I have had my fair share of soggy overcooked vegetables in my lifetime!).I guess this is a chain (typically a no no in my book, but I may venture back to see how their ribs are, considering they looked amazing in their menu!).
2	Cookie cutter food. Bad Service,
2	MEH!Sat at the bar because I am traveling alone on bidness. 3 people sitting here with 10 empty chairs and I can't get a water refill.Started with the salmon app, don't bother, I thought it would be chunks of salmon but it was like a chicken salad all mushed together with no flavor. Caesar salad was soggy with no flavor. Needed something healthy like seafood so I ordered the sea bass. Has the cook ever heard of seasoning? It had ZERO flavor on a bed of rice & steamed veggies. I doubt I will come back here. Off to Tim Hortons for anything better.
4	This is one of my regular spots as it's close to work and a favourite 5a7 location.  I think I have to divide this review up in 2 though.. half for the bar and the other half for the restaurant.Bar:  Service has always been good and drinks great, but the service sometimes starts off a tad slow if your sitting on the balcony.  First off you get asked whether your eating or not because that determines who's going to serve you.  Once they figure out who's taking care of you and the first drink hits the table the service is great.Dining roomService has always been great, but I've had a few inconsistencies with the food in the past.  On average the food has been great 90% of the time, and for that 10% where it wasn't the manager didn't charge for the meal.  Good think because I wasn't planning on paying.  I even took advantage of the Astral media certificate sales where you buy a 100.00 gift card for 50.00, this comes in real handy when you hit the bar and the dining room, but keep in mind you need to use up the whole gift card, otherwise the balance is lost.See ya there.
4	Pros:- Service was great. Our waitress was very pleasant, efficient and made us feel welcome- Sweet potato fries are awesome and definitely worth the upgrade- Food was presented nicely and looked very appetizing- Very nice ambiance, both inside and outside- Perfect portionsCons:- My burger was a tad dry/overcookedComments:- I'd like to check out the bar area during happy hour. It looked nice.
3	My tab was $40 here.....and I only had a salad and 2 beers.  It was a delicious cobb salad and I really enjoyed the RIckett's Red here in Quebec, but $40?  For a freaking salad?  The gentlemen at the bar next to me ordered a steak and it looked just OK, but the look of it did not make me jealous at all.  He also asked to take pictures with the bartender, I was also not jealous of that.  If you are staying in the nearby Courtyard, this may be the best place within walking distance to eat.....just be ready to pay for it.
1	I wish I could rate zero star, not even 1. Not talking about food here.  Just salty. That's not a big deal. Service here was hooorrribbblllee!! Am from NYC and stopped by Montreal before heading out to quebec city. The restaurant is nearby airport. What can I expect about the food here?Service here was the trouble itself. We,7, ordered bunch of steaks and lobsters.  Food came out pretty late.  That was fine cause we were sorta big group in this neighbor. Btw how can we eat lobster without cracker? Kidding me? Waiteress brought the cracker almost when we finished. And ordered the rentil soup. Of course she forgot the soup. My dad got the soup when everyone else almost finished the soup.  How lame. Bread.. How come they don't serve free bread with butter before the meal? Isnt it the best part of the dinner? Oh they did.  They served the bread for other table, not for us.  I asked gently why we didnt get the bread.  She(vic?) explained i'm supposed to ask manager to get bread.  Kidding me? I didnt even know they serve the bread before i saw the other table. How the hell i know they serve the bread? Isnt it supposed for them to ask customers whether they want bread or not?? Well, She asked me if i want bread when i'm about to ask the check. I said "fxx you" in my mind. Ordered kids meal for my nephew and niece.  They were cream pasta and chicken finger.  They were obviously worst kids menu ever.  Pasta tasted like hmmm. Can't even describe it. Chicken finger was very moosh. Btw, Where was the crayon for waiting ?? she totally ruined my trip to montreal and would never come back here.
3	The foods are good but the services are extremely slow, water never gets refill. We waited 10mins to get served, then the foods comes very slow too. If you rush to a movie, don't pick this one althought it is beside guzzo. So so!
