2	I'd like to give Bruegger's Bagels a better rating, but I can't.  There's nothing particularly bad about their bagels, but there's something a little doughy about their taste.  It's best to get them when they're hot.But the coffee ain't bad, and since this is right around the corner from work, I'll stop here on occasion.
4	Great sandwiches! Their softwich bagels are great bread. Overall the bagels aren't the best but their cream cheese, toppings and options make up for it.
2	Stopped here this morning for some coffee.  The bagels still aren't the greatest--they're okay but not the greatest.  But the coffee is pretty good.  Susan regain human female form after 2nd cup of coffee!
3	The staff pretty much knows me by name here (especially since I work upstairs).  The food is great...and not so hard on the pocketbook either!  Love that they have healthy options!
1	Worst bacon egg and cheese bagel i ever had
4	Bruegger's is Bruegger's, there no attempt at a high end faccade here.  Their staff is friendly and will know you by name if you become a regular.  The food is always good quality and on par with their pricing.  Their coffee is good and a great value as are their combos.Hint:  on a pinch for lunch?  For a 'healthier' alternative try they whole wheat bagel & egg sandwhich loaded up with veggies.
2	Convenience is the only plus.  Quality and consistency are lacking.
2	2.5 Stars!Snuck out from work this morning to get a good second cup of coffee.  Remember folks, a caffeinated supervisor is a happy supervisor and thus she's kind to her minions!Bagels here are so-so, but Bruegger's has decent coffee.
2	A guy that reviewed below said it perfectly:  "Brueggers is Brueggers".  And that basically hits the nail on the head.  I actually came in here as I was catching a bus from Pittsburgh to New York and had to go to the restroom really bad.  I figured I'd use theirs and order something cheap.  I ordered an everything bagel and cream cheese.  I've recently been converting to a gluten-free diet, so I knew this would severely mess with my stomach, but I went for it anyways.Meh.  Not a good idea.  The bagel has so much onion that it made me nauseous eating it.  And I love some onion.  I mean, it's a bagel, there is only so much I can complain about.  But I definitely wasn't impressed.On the other hand, I did get to go to the restroom, which was nice and clean.  And the staff was SO nice.  And since they were so nice, I know they probably would have let me go to the restroom regardless of whether I ordered something or not.  Lesson learned.
3	Bagels nothing special. Lady asked employee how she was doing, employee sharply replied "SICK, that's how I'm doing! Cream cheese?" I Laugh so hard I dropped my phone.
5	Service extremely fast, staff very friendly, bagels were fresh, sandwiches delish. The everything bagel has just enough of , well, everything.
