5	Dr. Frank Castano was the BEST! I have not been to the Dentist for 30 years. I finally had the money and the guts to go. I went to a regular DDS Garrett Family Dental to get the news about my teeth. I was informed I needed 2 root canals! I was nervous as heck with that news. Dr. Garrett refered me out to Dr. Castano for this work. The office staff were amazing. Dr. Castano has a great sense of humor, informative, and takes pride in his work. I had both teeth done and no pain just my jaw muscle. GREAT GREAT Dr! If your looking for great dental work look up (Suprise Endodontics for specialized work like root canals and Garrett Family Dental in Suprise AZ) True Professionals both of them!!
5	Unfortunately I'm not a stranger to dental work and I've had an unfair number of procedures over the years.   To say that Dr. Castano was fabulous is somewhat of an understatement. Root canals are never a fun experience however mine was the most boring one I've ever encountered. ;-) Kudos to the entire team @ Surprise Endodontics... I highly recommend this office.
5	Dr. Frank Castano is awesome. He walks you through all your treatment options and helps with pros and cons.  Makes sure you understand all of your treatment plan. He was also great with working with my adult down syndrome son.
5	I had a consultation with Dr. Frank Castano  in December 2013 I decided to have my root canal with him a week later because he is the coolest guy you'll ever meet. Straight off the bat he treats you like you to have been friends for years, he is honest he tells you he's good and guess what he means it. My root canal was less painful and less traumatizing then getting a filling done. He was fast and I felt absolutely no pain. This guy rocks I wish he was a normal dentist because he would be my best friend.
5	Root canals are never fun, but Dr. Castano is amazing! He explains what he can see and gives you real advice, whether you actually need a root canal or not. When my dentist told me I needed a root canal immediately, Dr. Castano told me I didn't have an infection and that a root canal was not absolutely needed that day. After talking more with him I decided to go ahead and get the root canal. The process was not bad at all! He is hilarious and entertains you the entire time. You almost feel like you're not getting a root canal if you keep your eyes closed! The other staff is amazing too! Monique works the front counter and greeted me with a huge smile when I first walked in and made me feel welcome, not scared. Overall, everyone there was awesome and if I ever need a root canal again I know where I'm going!
