4	I was in Phoenix for business this past week and stayed at the Hotel Highland and I've gotta say it was really nice. I don't travel much and can't really compare hotels, but my experience was enjoyable. The hot breakfast everyday was great. The pool and jacuzi more than relaxing and for a modestly priced place, the rooms were quite swanky!
5	Boyfriend and I decided to take a roadtrip to Phoenix the first weekend of March (5-7) for Opening Weekend of Dodgers Spring Training at Camelback Ranch. We had booked this hotel through orbitz.com just a few weeks prior and got an awesome rate of $65 a night. A friend tried to book a room so she could tag along on our trip and the same room was going at $149. So yeah we got a super good deal which made the trip even better!After a 5 hour drive from LA to phoenix, we just wanted to check into our hotel, rest up and go out to dinner. From the outside, the hotel looked like any other business class place to stay. But inside was a much different as it was decorated more modern. The thing that stood out the most of our entire hotel stay was how extremely friendly the girl at the front desk was. Wow, she was so sweet and helpful and truly made us feel comfortable to be there. She helped us figure out places to eat at in the vicinity and explained the continental breakfast in the morning hours as well as how to acess the free wi-fi the hotel offered. We also overheard that the pool was heated, which was awesome bc it was a little chilly out. Bf and I got to the room and were impressed. The bed was soft, the comforter was soft, the room was nicely decorated and the view from our fourth floor window looked out directly to the beautiful Arizona sunset. It made for a nice picture setting :)Although we didnt spend much time in the room since we were out exploring the city and all it has to offer, we did enjoy the continental breakfast the hotel had in their beer and wine bar before heading out to Camelback Ranch for some Dodgers action :) Breakfast was pretty good considering it offered more than the average amenities most hotels offer for free.I would definitely stay here again when we come back.. Hmm.. I forsee a trip during baseball season for Dodgers v Diamondbacks!
2	I have mixed feelings about this Hotel. I have been doing business with this hotel for an entire year and at first things were great. Great rate, great service and great value. An excellent renovation has made this a nice swanky boutique hotel. Well, as management has gone through many many many changes within the year, the service has too. The company I work for had a thirty day conference which included rooms and then continued to meet at the hotel twice weekly for the remainder of last year. The service from management progressively got worst. The final straw was when we hosted a New Years event there where the hotel had NO HEAT! The sad part was, they were fully aware before the event and didn't do anything to accomodate us accordingly. I spoke with the Sales Manager and sent several emails in reference to this and to date still have yet to get a response. Several issues with the internet service and they are yet to have an adequate operable business center! Received EXCELLENT service from a couple of the front desk girls (Doneasha and Jessica) and my friend who ran the bar and both the drivers were AWESOME! The rooms are nice but inconsistent management keeps me from bringing my business back.
4	Great hotel for the price you pay! My friend and I got a weekend deal for $99 a night and all other hotels were way more expensive for spring break weekend so we chose this place.. Our room had a king bed, flat screen tv, microwave, mini fridge, iron, hair dryer, large glass shower, and external sink and vanity mirror.. I really liked that the sink and vanity were outside of the restroom because it allowed me to get ready while someone was showering or using the bathroom.. There are only 3 floors in this hotel and there weren't really any issues with noise.. They offer complimentary hot breakfast every morning until 10.. The spread consists of cheese omelette, hash potatoes, breakfast sausage, french toast, bagels, muffins, juice, etc.. The front desk clerks are very friendly and were prompt with their service.. My only complaint was the hygiene in their shower because I found small traces of mold growing on the tile.. This is something that can easily be fixed so it's not that big of a deal but it's definitely something they should notice.. Other than that minor issue I enjoyed my stay and would return again..
5	I was attending a conference at the Biltmore Arizona, but they had no vacancies.  I was apprehensive about staying at the Hotel Highland but I needn't have worried.  Great rooms, exceptional service.  They even shuttled me back and forth in their van to my conference at the other hotel!.
5	We wanted to stay nearby Phoenix Children's Hospital while my sister was in the ICU there. Since we were in transit, my step-dad booked us a room at Hotel Highland. We weren't sure what to expect since we had no idea what kind of hotel it was, but knew it was in a rough area. The area IS rough, but the hotel is terrific! The staff were wonderfully helpful and accommodating. When we checked in, we got two Buy One, Get One Free drink coupons to their bar. The bar itself is cozy with couches and neat details and warm lighting that invites you to sit down and just relax for a bit. You can also take your drinks out on to the patio by the pool (which is enclosed so you don't take glass in that area) with fire-pits that they light at night. My husband and I took our drinks (wonderful wine!!) out on the patio after a long day at the hospital and were able to relax before bed. The hotel itself looks to be newly remodeled and is quite luxurious for the inexpensive rate of $89/night on a weekend. Our room was kind of odd in that the bathroom sink was actually in the main part of the room and they only gave us two towels. Other than that, the room was very nice and gotta love blackout window panels! The bed was SO soft and the linens were very nice. If we are ever in the area - hopefully not for the same reason - we will definitely stay here again. 5 Stars!!Quick Tip: Free WiFi with a password provided by the front desk.
5	I just stayed here for a week while i was in Phoenix for a convention down at the U.S. Airways center and it was absolutely AMAZING. Our group usually has three requirements when looking at hotels 1) it has a pool, 2) breakfast is included, and 3) its not a trash pile. This hotel obviously met and exceeded our expectations. The decor of the hotel and the rooms was very nice, beds comfortable, pool was decent, and the breakfast was way more than expected. The staff were all super friendly and very helpful when answering any questions we had. This is seriously a hidden gem.I would totally stay here again!
1	pretty rooms LAME  staff.the chick at the FD was on her phone texting the entire time i was waiting in the lobby.  didn't even ask me why I was there (waiting for my bf to bring luggage).  I won't be staying there again.
5	Excellent choice near the Biltmore. I was skeptical until i checked in. Very glad i choose this hotel for my stay while attending a meeting at the nearby Biltmore. Half the price, nicer rooms with free Internet free parking free breakfast.Excellent hotel in central Phoenix
4	Good boutique hotel with nice amenities. Clean and contemporary I'd definitely stay here again!
4	I was late to register for a conference at the AZ Biltmore and could not get a room there, so I found this nice place.  The staff was great and the price was right!  They have a shuttle service that would take us to the AZ as needed.  Very helpful.
4	Booking a presentation during the week of the Open and one of the busiest months during tourist season, we were lucky to catch six rooms at this hotel... at $134 (which includes our corporate discount) it wasnt cheap, but certainly one of the least expensive we found in the valley. The basics:Excellent beds... Soft sheets, modern all white linensTv was ok, nothing high quality thereNo desk... Which was kind of a bummerAmazing shower pressure, super hot water My room was quiet... 4th floor facing east, minimal noise issues... Ah hem, as in ... A late night brown chicken brown cow situation, let's just say someone should have bought me dinner before having to listen to something that intimate. Over the 4 days it was quiet though. One guy complained of hearing street noise all night at the first floor facing highland. Quite the tasty breakfast for being free, perfect spot if you are doing business in the biltmore business corridor. I will definitely be back!
4	I was here for business, so staying here was arranged for me.  The rooms are pleasant, and the bed more than comfortable.  I liked that the sink and vanity mirror were in the main room, not the bathroom, which kept it from getting steamed up.  The buffet breakfast is anemic and you'll probably want to go elsewhere.  The selection of wines and spirits is adequate, should you need something at the end of the day.  A complaint is the pool area, which is right off the bar and right on the street.  not a comfortable setting if you're looking to go for a swim.Front desk is helpful and courteous.  The walk to the shopping center is short, safe, and well marked.  ARea has plenty of restaurants and bars.  A good stay.
5	Loved this hotel! The rooms were beautiful and modern and the staff was friendly and helpful. They have a really cute restaurant and bar with outdoor seating and a fire pit. We sat outside at night and drank wine by the fire, it was great ambiance. I will definitely be staying here next time I am in the area.
1	I booked a room block at this hotel for my wedding party. The reason I chose this hotel was because it looked modern and fresh and everyone was very friendly right from the beginning...it was very close to my venue and they offered us a shuttle service to and from the reception site, in addition to this we were sold on the bar/lounge- they told us as long as we were buying drinks at the bar they would keep it open til 2am- we had planned to lounge and drink with the family at the hotel after our reception, they also offered us the jacuzzi suite complimentary. When we arrived they had none of our reservations saved in the computer. Which made our experience frustrating from the beginning. They also were very rude about providing two rooms next to each other for a member of our party. Once we finally got checked in, we were told that the bar/lounge/restaurant was closed- at 5pm. We kindly mentioned to the staff that we had been assured the bar would be available for us, but no one cared and everyone was completely unapologetic. Shuttle service worked out well. So, we all came back at the end of the night, brought our own cooler of beverages and sat outside near the pool to relax/unwind/mingle- we were promptly yelled at by the night manager being told this was inappropriate- because we were too "loud" (there were only about 10 of us). We asked if we could move into the lounge and drink our own beverages, and after much reluctance and plenty of rudeness he let us in there, but told us he needed to shut us down at 1am which we were ok with, but he stuck his head in the room every 15min to make sure we were behaving and gave us dirty looks. My husband attempted to reason with him at the end of the night but the manager didn't care, he just kept saying "have a good night" and "we hope you come back next year for your anniversary"... Really?! Not one apology for the inconvenience, etc. The jacuzzi suite was nice enough, but when we checked out they attempted to charge us for it even though that was not the agreement. Rudely they did agreed not to charge us. Overall- we were extremely dissatisfied with the customer service and communication in this establishment. Nearly NONE of the things we were promised worked out, and no one cared. I know this is usually a business-stay type place, but we had been assured this would work out. Big Bummer.
2	One question.W T F ?1. I am only giving this hotel two stars because we had prepaid online and ended up needing to cancel our second/last night and the manager refunded us no questions asked.2. This is not a boutique hotel people, so please stop calling it that. It is VERY confusing. This is seriously an old Holiday Inn that they gave a major makeover. That is all. There is no restaurant, the bar is not even closet to trendy, the pool is not luxurious, there is nothing unique or full service about this hotel. 3. The room appears to be fine at first look, but the bathrooms are tiny and the beds and pillows are not comfortable. The furnishings tried to be modern, but it's like comparing IKEA to Horchow. Basically, we were not expecting the Four Seasons, but were definitely not expecting the Holiday Inn Express. 4. This has been my most confusing YELP moment ever. It has been given 4 stars on other review sites as well. The only thing I can figure is that a lot of people are quickly passing through for work and it's fine for one night. You aren't expecting a lively, trendy, fun atmosphere. 5. One plus - free wifi.
5	I love this hotel. I stayed two nights while in Phoenix for the first time. I experienced zero problems while I stayed. The rooms are large and the beds were VERY comfy! I didn't experience the pool, but it looked nice. Lots of shopping & restaurants in walking distance, too. I love this hotel, and if I am ever back in PHX I will come back to this hotel again! ALSO - FREE WIFI!
2	As my taxi pulled up I thought, "Uh oh. This doesn't look good." Still, I was hopeful. Maybe I had judged the place too harshly and too quickly. Sadly, the exterior didn't lie.There is a sign in the lobby saying something like "Pardon our dust as we update the hotel." Honey, I hope they do a LOT of updating. Cuz this girl is just plain weird. It's like a cross between something hip and modern and another thing which is just so dated you don't know where to start. Like a tragic drag queen who is drunkenly walking home holding her heels in one hand and her wig in the other. This place could have been fun, but instead it's not.Take the bathroom. It barely has room for the toilet and the shower. The toilet is shoved hard up against the wall so that you are literally touching the wall. The sink, oddly, is outside the shower/toilet room. The towels, even more oddly, are not. But the one trash can is. Here's how it played out. I wanted to wash my hands. I walked out of the bathroom and stared at the very large (and pretty) vanity. I see the ridiculously small bar of cheap crappy soap and don't know where to put the wrapper. Oh, it's in the bathroom. I wash my hands. I look for a towel. Oh, it's ALSO in the bathroom. All kinds of weird.The room itself is spacious with a seating area (two chairs, a side table and an ottoman) and a small desk. But the air conditioner is the kind you see in cheap motels. Hmmm.Yes, the wifi is free and yes it's shit. I used 4G on my phone because it was faster. Don't even bother to try to watch a YouTube video. You'll be waiting hours.I'd rather stay at the Ritz. Pay a few dollars more. You'll be glad you did.
4	Under new Management - Great guys
4	This week we hosted our Annual Sales Meeting at the Hampton Inn on Highland. First off, the staff was amazing. They were the highlight of our stay. From the front desk staff to the event managers, they were always friendly and on top of all of our needs. The space they were able to provide us was great even though we made changes at the last minute to the head count they did everything possible to make our conference room comfortable. The continental breakfast was great - including waffles, bagels, breakfast meats, coffee, and healthy options too. This helped us to cut down on costs for providing breakfast for all our out of town guests. All in all, I would highly recommend the Hampton Inn for a work conference or a family stay. They have great amenities like a heated pool and the staff is incredible.
5	I stayed here for over three weeks and it was a great experience. The entire staff was great every day. Josh and Fernando were especially memorable.  I will visit Phoenix again and there will be no question as to where I will stay.
1	Okay this is a nice hotel with nice staff but we prepaid when we booked, got in late, and ended up in a TINY room in the back corner!  Like there was 2 feet between the bed and the walls. We felt like we were in a box. The description said, "mini fridge and microwave" and there wasn't. There was a tiny desk In the corner with a chair but my tiny ten year old probably couldn't pull it out far enough and sit in it. We paid $199 a night and are totally feeling ripped off. We couldn't even get wifi back in the box.  What ever you do don't let them put you in room 140!!!
4	Stayed here for a wedding. Free parking is a plus along w decent breakfast. Rooms are large and beds very comfortable. Location is awesome and gym is well stocked. Staff is accommodating.
4	Looking at hotel reviews on Yelp (or any other review site, for that matter) is always a little iffy, because people tend to fixate on things that are important to them, that may not be important to you. So I tend to take hotel reviews with a grain of salt. However, when deciding on a hotel for a recent visit to Phoenix, I decided to forego some pricier options and trust the reviews for this Hampton Inn. It was a great choice.The hotel was very clean and comfortable, and everyone we spoke to who worked there was friendly and polite. We got there fairly early in the morning wanting to drop our bags before an appointment, and they got us in very quickly.The beds were comfortable, as was the bathroom. Having the sink in the room instead of the bathroom was a little weird. I couldn't decide if it helped with more than one person getting ready at the same time, or hindered it.The free parking was great, and very close. We didn't eat the breakfast, but the coffee setup was very welcome. We especially loved the water cooler that they kept filled by the desk, and took advantage of it often.We drove all over the area to visit various places and spring training venues, and had an easy time getting everywhere. It's close to several highways, which made it easy to get around.I'm generally a fan of Hampton Inns, and this one was a great credit to the chain.
5	I traveled to PHX for a family member's wedding and stayed at the Hampton which was within walking distance to many shops, Whole Foods and Trader Joes. I really enjoyed the fact that I could go grab my specialty foods and soaps at those stores while being away from home. No one likes using products they aren't used to while traveling so having it all available right around the corner was quite a convenience. Service at the Hampton was great! The staff was very helpful and accommodating, especially Josh at the front desk. Josh was very compassionate and professional as he helped me with a minor medical issue.All in all, I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in the Phoenix area. Plus they had a nice fire pit by the pool that was really relaxing after all the wedding stuff!Thanks Hampton staff!
5	Best spot in AZ for the right price!!! I loved it!!!! Please stay and challenge my review...
4	A nice hotel that is close to the airport and downtown.  Clean and comfortable room and an outstanding free breakfast served from 6am to 10am.  Nice upscale mall and large movie complex just two blocks away.Free wireless internet in room and a computer with printer in the lobby available for printing boarding passes.  Pool is set in concrete patio are and is a little stark.  Super friendly front desk staff and the "breakfast hostess". Was equally nice and helpful.  If you are looking for a nice, reasonably priced hotel in Phoenix, you can be confident in this one.  It does show some wear in the common areas, but it is clean, clean, clean!  My four stars reflect my rating for discounted hotels.  This isn't the Ritz (that a couple of blocks away)' but it met all my needs
4	Pretty clean and comfy rooms. Internet wifi is actually pretty fast, enough to stream videos online. They also have free breakfast from 6:30-10am, not all that good but it's free.
5	We had a very lovely stay! The room was clean and very spacious, the beds were comfy, and everything was updated. The staff was nice. There was breakfast every morning with decent food and lots of coffee. Also, great location in the Biltmore area!
2	Always stay here when in Phoenix as its close to the clients site. Easy parking and easy to find. Close to shopping and easy access to freeway.The good: Hampton has the best comforters around. AC worked great, a little loud but its Phoenix and everyone should sacrifice a bit of noise for a functional AC. Its hot here; although it is August. Staff is always friendly, and because of the location & staff, its why I choose this hotel.However, there are little things that Im not A-OK with. Towels need to be replaced. They have seen better days and have run their course. It always annoys me that hotels take the time to make sure the room is clean, but always neglect the iron. A dirty iron ruins your clothes. That was the case here...pair of pants and shirt ruined. Plus the ironing board needs to be replaced. Its the little things...The wifi is always amazing here. Free & fast! Great to get a little work done.Be warned, they have one of the slowest elevators around. Push the button to go up or down, do your taxes, and then the elevator appears.
