4	The best thing about this place is they are open early.  I used to work an early shift and my lunch was at 10:30am.  It is hard to find lunch being served quickly at that hour, but this team is great.  I have had a variety of sandwhiches and take advantage of the sandwhich, chips & soda special each time.  The ingredients are fresh and everyone always has a smile.  It really hits the spot for a sandwhich lunch.
4	i've been watching the ads on TV for Port of Subs, guitars, rock music, silhouettes. Cool. I also noticed the new sandwich....wait for it.......Grillers! OK, so it's just a grilled sandwich but hey, I'll give it a shot. Many choices of Griller, Steak, Italian, Chicken, Meatball etc etc. I take the chicken with pepper jack. They heat the chicken in the microwave then put it into the bread with the cheese and press it in the hot grill thing. Then they remove and pull it apart for your veggies, can they not put the veggies in first? I dunno.Good sandwich, I used to come here a lot and they still put a huge pile of shredded lettuce in the sandwiches when asked. That's ok but if you are not eating in, the lettuce spills out of the sandwich and in your lap/car/keyboard/tv remote/whatever is beneath your mouth.It's a busy store, the guys that run it have been there a few years which is a good thing and everyone was looking happy as they dug themselves out of the shredded lettuce and finished their lunches. Good option for lunch in North Summerlin.
4	I thought Subway was the best sandwich place, but Port of Subs has them beat by a mile. It's like Subway's more polished older brother.  The bread is much better, the meat tastes fresher, and I think you get more food (although maybe it costs more - it's been a while since I've been to Subway now!)This particular Port of Subs has nice staff and a great atmosphere. When I order from them online they do a great job putting the order together.  Just like Subway, you tell them what you want and they make the sandwich in front of you. They slice the meat fresh, which makes a difference,  If you order the sandwich grilled, they stick it in a little panini-like grill thingie, (which really doesn't do much more than put lines on the bread).  They only offer like 3 kinds of bread, but since Subway seems to always be out of the breads I want, Port of Subs is probably smart to stick to a few choices. Stick to a few things and do it well, I say.  I'm a fan!
5	Since moving into the area we eat here at least once a week. Sandwiches are great. Everything is always fresh and delicious. Really friendly staff. Try the brownies. Yum!
4	I have eaten here now about 5 times and am delighted every time. If you check the money mailer that comes in the mail they often have coupons. This last visit I got a "Turkey Avocado Sub". I was able to use a coupon for a x-large sub for just $10.99 with the purchase of a drink so hubby and I had a reasonable and delicious lunch. I like that they slice the meat fresh in front of you unlike Subway who has theirs sitting in a container. The staff has been nice and the place is neat and clean inside. A majority of the time I am working from my home office so I rely on nearby places like this to grab a quick lunch. I will be stopping in here often.
5	Pretty darn good! Love the big menu, the cashier was a little weird, the manager Darryl was great, very friendly.I'll be a fan forever!
4	These guys are always pretty good.
5	Have had lunch here a few times. Always fresh. The staff always welcoming. We used the catering service for a lunch at our office. The prices are incredible. The food was delicious. The delivery was right on time. We will definitely use this catering again for our office. The entire staff loved it.
4	I had my meal on the premises while with a friend (I usually take it home) and it was a pretty decent experience.  The store is clean and the staff are so friendly they make you feel right at home.  Thanks, PoS!
4	Whenever I'm back in Vegas, I try to drop into my favorite spot.  Port of Subs is one of my favorite Sandwich chains.  This particular location is near my old gym.  I ordered my favorite item:Number 1 - Ham, Salami, Capicolla, Pepperoni & Provolone CheeseChipshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BKN1LNlucLuyZzBzk_68wg?select=0E6ArjiuByfZKbVV0SzFxw#0E6ArjiuByfZKbVV0SzFxwThe food is fresh and tasty.  The employees here have always been friendly and I'm glad to see they still are.Return Factor - 80%
3	New office, new selection of lunch places! This was my first foray into Summerlin for lunch at work and I'll very likely be back.I'm a huge Port of Subs fan, since it's the closest thing to my beloved SoCal Submarina. The fresh-sliced meat, the mustard/mayo combo, the excellent sandwiches, the wonderful fact that you can make any sandwich into a salad.Now for the gripe: I'm all for friendly employees who greet their regulars by name. This place has that in spades...but too many spades! No customer should have to wait longer for their food because an employee is having a long, personal conversation with a customer. My poor lettuce sat, waiting for it's toppings, other orders piling up behind it, for far too long, waiting for this little chat to be over.I think I'll call my order in from now on, so that I can avoid the line completely.
1	Let me preface this review by saying that if you love/like Port of Subs, by all means, continue! I am merely one person with my own opinion and you don't have to pay a wit of attention to this! .... Having said that, I blame myself for the lousy, ok, wretched sub I just had.  1.I  forgot, 2. was lazy and 3. had forgiven P.O.S. for their past sins.... I forgot that the last time I was at P.O.S. about 2 years ago, I hated their subs, I hated the sloppiness of them and the pitiful condiment/veggie selection.  I was lazy, there is a P.O. S. right by my house, so convenience was paramount today, I had been working around the house all day and when I realized the time, I was too lazy to drive to Subway/Jersey Mikes/Jason's Deli, hell even the gas station would have been better.  And going back to my #1 issue, I forgot how much I disliked P.O.S. that I forgave them, I thought maybe I had got a sub when one of the workers was having a bad day or maybe my tastebuds were having the bad day. So when I went there today all three of those issues came into play for me. I gave this review one star because I will say this, the staff was very nice, very pleasant, and that goes a long way with me, I have boycotted other food joints for the service, I mean the food may have been great, but bad service will kill if for me, my money spends everywhere, and trust me, in Vegas, I can find hundreds of places I can eat at. So to end my rant, which is what I feel like I have been doing, I dislike P.O.S., I dislike your sloppy, tasteless, pathetic attempt at being a reputable sub shop.  I will make a concerted effort to remember this, so in 2 years from now I won't find myself at P.O. S. again and kicking myself for not remembering that I could have got a better sub at the Albertson's pre-made sandwich section.
3	I eat here every week. This isn't the best sandwich shop in town but the location is convenient and they take the coupons I get in the mail. Not every location takes them and I refuse to pay regular price for a sandwich at port of subs. The $5 large coupons are the best but the BOGO coupons are great too. I had a old school stamp card from 2005 that I found in my desk and this location still took it even though they haven't used that rewards program in a while. I had my whole card stamped in so I just needed my free sub! I didn't expect him to take it but thought it was worth a try so it ended up working out and I gave him a tip.  The sandwich I ordered and always order is the #1 and that has ham, salami, capicolla, pepperoni & provolone cheese on my choice of white bread. of course I have to add my toppings like mustard, mayo, onion yadda yadda. I like how they slice the meat fresh in front of you. They just don't put enough meat on it. The sandwiches here are good or I wouldn't eat them but like I mentioned before, to pay full price with out a coupon when you could get more bang for your buck at Jersey Mike's is crazy. keep your eye out for coupons or have family save them for you like I do!
2	I've always liked Port of Subs but I think this experience is worth sharing.Their posted hours for Sundays are from 9am to 9pm.  So I walk in at about 7pm on a Sunday; the lights were on, "open" sign blazing, and the guy behind the counter asked me "What can I get for you?"  So, the idiot that I am, I assumed they were open for business.Evidently not.  I wasn't eyeballing the counter too hard so I didn't notice that they had put the bread and such away until he very laboriously dragged it back out.  He sighed and scowled at me the entire time, and was sarcastic and rude whenever he spoke.  He made it extremely clear that he wanted me out of his shop and wished that I hadn't come in.  It was also made clear to me that they had to re-open the register for my order.I've worked in a shop before, and I really did feel guilty.  I know what it's like to have people come in just before closing, but I've never treated a customer that badly just for some last minute business.  But the kicker is that it was 2 hours before posted closing time, and they hadn't bothered to turn off the sign OR lock the door, even though they had apparently shut down the register.  I'm not a mind reader; I don't know you're closing 2 hours early unless I'm told.  He could have easily said "sorry, we've just closed" and I would have said "oh sorry dude" and walked out, no problem.  Though I was getting sandwiches for my parents, I'm sure they could have lived with something else.  With the same ingredients, I can make better ones at home.  I'm glad I wasn't getting anything for myself, because after the way this man treated me I doubt I would have wanted to eat it.I don't know why they happened to be closing early, and I don't care.  I just wish the older gent that "served" me had been honest and said they'd closed instead of using his precious five minutes to treat me like a rat turd in his lentil soup.Needless to say, I've been put off and I doubt I'll go back.
4	My daughter's absolute favorite sub shop -- it's not to die for, must-stop quality, in my opinion, but it's definitely a good sub!  We're here at least once a week on they way home from dance and it's both convenient and quick.  Bread and veggies are always fresh at this location which as easy as that sounds, makes a huge difference to me!  It's clean, cool and has one of those awesome soda machines with a gazillion different mix-it-up flavors!The folks at this location are also very friendlly, very kind and will do what they need, to make your order right everytime.  Customer service is always worth exra stars for me!!
4	The food at all Port of Sub locations is consistently average or slightly below.  However, I have to give this location four stars because of the great people that work there.  Every time I leave in a better mood then when I walk in.  They are hard workers and are always cheerful and upbeat, especially the gentleman with a mustache.
5	The staff here is so friendly and greets you like a friend. The sandwiches are delicious and always prepared perfectly!
5	Best sandwiches in Summerlin. Really good staff also. I'm a big fan of the fact that they cut the meat in front of you. Most places have it prepared and it doesn't taste as fresh.
1	I was shocked to see so many good reviews on here.  I had a really bad experience.  The pathetic sandwich I had, little bag of chips & drink -paid over $9.  I wanted to say "where's the beef" but I said thank you, got out of that place as fast as I could and did not look back.  Not sure if it was an off day or what...but the staff seemed downright rude & the food portion was ridiculous.  I would say I would go back based on seeing some other good reviews, but quite frankly...I know I will not ever return.
3	Better than subway by slicing the meats  though didn't impress me and tasted subway qualitywise.   Not bad, though nothing special. The bread tasted like subway, the meat was very fatty, and they weren't generous with meats.   I got a ham and swiss, and the cheese had no taste.
