3	Good Italian food at a reasonable price..........some of my family don't like the Pleasure Bar, but they're just snobs.
4	Located in the Bloomfield neighborhood (little Italy) of Pittsburgh, this is an Italian restaurant that stands on it's own.  The atmosphere is not the most ideal, but the food is great.   If you are there for lunch, I would highly recommend getting the Italian sampler to get an idea of their cuisine.Many of my Italian friends consider this "The Italian Restaurant" in Bloomfield.
3	Great casual Italian.  The first time I tried (4 years ago), it was very average.  Since then I've tried several times and they have an updated menu and new chef.  My favorites - the meatballs are great! The italian bread pizza appetizer is delicious.  Potato balls and Italian egg rolls are famous.  Wings are average to ok, but that's my fault for ordering wings at an Italian restaurant.
4	We just got back from our dinner at the Pleasure Bar. I ordered eggplant parmesan, starting with wedding soup. The soup was pretty good, although a tiny bit oily and a tiny bit salty. The eggplant parmesan came in a hearty portion with penne and pomodoro sauce. Their sauce is just the right amount of sweet and I enjoyed it. The eggplant was tasty and well seasoned, but a bit chewy around the edges. The prices are very reasonable, and the wait staff was friendly and approachable. The decor is a little PIer One but that's forgivable. I didn't deduct any stars for this since it's *technically* a special circumstance, but the only downside of the night was that the servers sat down to wrap silverware by turning the TV on really loud right behind us to the series finale of Lost, which I had planned on watching at a later date. Talk about a spoiler alert! Is this the BEST Italian food in the area? Probably not. But I'm also no expert on Italian food. In all, I found it tasty and a definitely a good value for the price.
4	When I first moved to the city I drove by the Pleasure Bar all the time thinking it was a strip club. Imagine my surprise when JB suggested we go there for dinner one night!Everything was tasty - we ordered the assorted fried platter that came with mozz sticks (pretty basic but hey! The cheese was still inside all of them!!!), fried zucchini and potato balls (plump little balls fried crispy on the outside and bursting with creamy whipped potato goodness on the inside). Bruschetta was full of flavor as was the rolled eggplant.Plenty of parking (paid) in the back of the restaurant.Every time we are there we have the same server, Jim, which is cool by us because he's pretty top notch .
1	i went to this restaurant saturday for the first time. my fiance and i went with a couple who live in bloomfield and go to this restaurant every two weeks or so. We walked in and there were already some people waiting for a table. We stood near the host area for 10 minutes. Several employees including the host walked passed us over a dozen times and never said anything to us. Finally my friend asked how long the wait for a table would be. The host looked at us rudely and said "I don't know, 20 to 30 minutes." He was so rude and huffy. We left because of how unhelpful the staff was. I was excited about dining at this place before 10 minutes of frustration. We left immediately and went to the Thia restaurant down the street. It was excellent and they actually valued us as customers.
5	I love this place very casual and laid back,the bartender rowe is the best when it comes to LONG ISLAND ICE TEAS...something to die for. The food is great also, it is a place worth trying it.
3	It's aight. Not too exciting, but not bad, either. It's a bit like going to Olive Garden to me (pricing included)... if Olive Garden had a sports bar area. The restaurant seating is fairly comfortable (and I like the lamps). I ordered the gnocchi, and, although it's OK, I swear I've had it better in at least 5 other restaurants. Note to self: Order something with meat next time. The hubby's meat pasta really was a lot better... and, thank goodness, he let me have a bite or my entire view would be based solely on the gnocchi.With all the other rave reviews, I'm gonna have to take down names (of menu items) and be armed and ready to enjoy what others have before. But, for now, you have 3 stars in my heart.
3	Top of my list for a late lunch today. While  attending the Italian festival in Bloomfield last September I tried the polenta and meatballs, with a meatball sandwhich! I love meatballs and these ones were well seasoned, juicy, and soaked in a great marinara sauce. I occasionally get cravings for these meatballs and today was the day. A couple of months ago I tried to go on a Sunday and they were closed. It was a cold, snowy Sunday so I thought they were closed because I showed up pretty late plus the bad weather. I attempted to go again today but to my dismay they are always closed on Sundays which I would have seen if I had checked my yelp app. BOOO! Three stars so far... because of the great meatballs! Points lost for being closed on Sundays. Who is closed on Sundays?? Crucial Lazy Sunday dining revenue is being squandered! They must be busy enough and don't need the extra business day. Wait for an update because I'LL BE BACK!
3	3.5 starsI've lived in Pittsburgh for 6 months now and I've heard SO much about how Pleasure Bar is the greatest Italian in Bloomfield (aka the entire city, since Bloomfield IS the Little Italy here). I finally decided tonight that I had to try it for myself.While the food is above average, the ambiance does leave a little to be desired. The evening started out with a bread basket, which was (oddly) comprised of three somewhat bland pieces of white bread and about 20 little squares of butter. Very strange. Even in my most gluttonous days, I find it impossible to average 6+ squares of butter per slice of bread, but maybe that's just me.My dish, the linguini with house-made cream sauce and mushrooms, came with a soup or salad, of which I chose the broccoli and cheddar soup. As a vegetarian, I was pleased to see plenty of options on the menu for me to choose from. The broccoli and cheddar soup was rich and creamy, albeit a bit salty for my taste. The linguini however, was great. I could immediately tell the sauce was homemade - it had a certain fresh and rich flavor that pre-packaged sauce tends to lack. (Unfortunately, I'm sure the amount of calories I consumed in that dish reflected the amazingly rich flavor, but I'll just ignore that.) As pleased as I was with my own menu luck, I found my boyfriend's dish - the gnocchi with pomodoro sauce - to be a tad bit lackluster. The pomodoro sauce and the gnocchi itself were forgettable. While I loved my own dish, the lack of consistency throughout the menu makes ordering a bit difficult.Overall, this is a pretty good neighborhood Italian restaurant that is priced rather decently. If you aren't adverse to a bit of cheesy mom-and-pop restaurant decor, I recommend it.
2	The appetizers were great. Stuffed mushrooms, but my seafood pasta just came up bland and too oily. The broccoli in it was overcooked and the shrimp were undercooked. Italian wedding soup was okay--tasted like it came from a can. For the price though, it was pretty worth it. Would only go back for the stuffed muchrooms
4	This place is my favorite Liberty Ave Italian restaurant. The food is above average for a very reasonable price.I've tasted almost everything on the menu and haven't been disappointed yet.  They have the best fried mozzarella in the city using fresh cheese and hand breading it on site.This is a great place that everyone should try at least once.
1	Wow! If I could give negative stars I certainly would for this place. I wanted it to be decent because they have an ok draught selection and seating outside in the summer. That is where the positive qualities end. Food tasted like it came from a microwave - but that is actually generous, probably actually came from Fido's dog bowl. This is an excellent candidate for kitchen nightmares, the place looks straight out of the 80's and not in a cool hipster way either.
3	All right, people.  Can we all please finally shake off the illusion that Bloomfield has amazing Italian restaurants?  Granted, I haven't been to *all* of them, but I've been to most of them and for the mediocre Pleasure Bar to be the best of them is just sad.  The real problem here:  This is food for fat people.  Lots of fried stuff.  Lots of oil.  Yeah, those potato balls were delicious, but dear god were they heavy.  I guess I should have expected fried balls of mashed potatoes to be heavy, but of course there wasn't just potato in there.  There was cheese and I think I even detected some mayonnaise.  This is definitely a "sometimes food."  A delicious, heavy sometimes food.Now, full disclosure:  I'm a vegetarian and restaurants are always a completely different experience for vegetarians.  So if you're not veg, you may want to take all of this with a grain of salt.  They may do meat dishes spectacularly.  But vegetarians, take note.Italian restaurants aren't really known for making decent veg food and this place is no different.  I had the portabello mushroom sandwich.  First off, the sandwich would have been better had the bread been toasted.  However, it was very soft and airy - not something I'd expect from ciabatta.  The mushrooms tasted like they had been marinated in Kraft Zesty Italian, cooked in more Kraft Zesty Italian and then topped with Kraft Zesty Italian.  This was by far the oiliest sandwich I've ever had.  To make it worse, there was too much cheese - two thick slices of provolone.  Am I the only who has noticed that too much cheese on things is a real problem in Pittsburgh?  On the positive side, the bartender was very attentive and very polite.  Also, the beer selection was good.  I'd definitely drink here, but eating here, eh, not so much for me.
3	I have eaten here twice now.  I think it ranks better than Dell's if you enjoy their food.  I ordered the eggplant parm and loved it.  My group of four all enjoyed their dishes and one of them is straight up italian (shocking to us she said it sufficed-in my book win for pleasure bar).  I have sat at the bar both times so I cannot speak to actually service otherwise but the bartender was attentive and our food came out quick.
3	After my first time at the pleasure bar I just say "meh, it's ok." To begin our evening I called ahead to get our name taken down I asked how long is the wait for four people would be to which he answered "it's going to be quite a while." then I proceeded to ask if he could put our name down and the  man on the phone sounded frazzled and hung up on me...rude.After arriving we entered a fun atmosphere including a party of people wearing mustaches at the bar! Between arriving and being seated the wait was ten minutes tops! So much for "quite a while."Upon seating we decided to order a round of potato balls which were amazing! Be sure to order these of you make a trip to The Pleasure Bar. Unfortunately, the food went down hill after the potato balls. Combinations 1,2, and 3 were ordered and everyone had the same kind of reaction toward their dish "it's not bad" I think would be the most accurate sentence used towards the meal. All of the sauces were kind of flavorless and boring along with the pastas all being over cooked adding to the "meh" effect of the meals. At the end of the evening I gave The Pleasure Bar three stars for not necessarily being bad but not being good. I am willing to give it another shot and hope that it improves before that.
4	In our travels back to Pittsburgh to see family whenI grew up, we would always go to the Pleasure Bar for dinner at least one night we were there.  I am sure that's where my love of Italian food came from.  Even going back farther than that, my parents went there in the 50's all the time. They knew the (owner?) Johnny Collinger and spent many a night having a good time there.  I remember Johnny still worked behind the bar when I went there as a kid in the 70's and he remembered me when I went there with my parents and would always make me a Shirley Temple with extra cherries in it.  (Good customer service is important to kids too! LOL)  So know that you know my family history with the PB, I will tell you that we just recently went back there with my mother who is now 84 on a recent trip back to PA.  The food was still very good but maybe not quite as good as I remember.  Nothing was bad and to be fair, we only split the eggplant parm sandwich and the meatball sub between the table.  The meatball sub was good, but I think the meatballs could have had a bit more flavor.  We also ordered an order of potato balls which used to be the family favorite back in the day. They were still good, but MUCH less cheese in the middle than in the past.  Pleasure Bar - add some more cheese to the potato balls and they will be a standout favorite on your menu and you could be famous for them.  I'd also like to see them bring back a past favorite sandwich called the PB Special. It was nothing more than a hamburger with Italian sauce on it and mozzarella cheese but the combination was outstanding.  I remember ordering that many times as a kid.  I like that fact that the bread is still made fresh (you can tell when you eat it).    The Pleasure Bar is still worth checking out for sure.
1	Growing up in pittsburgh I heard a lot of good things about this place but it must have gone down hill over the years. First off the area we were sat in was anything but a place you would go for a nice dinner, with a giant TV and no table clothes it basically felt like your typical bar restaurant. Including a few flys to annoy you.We were served by a waitress who was generally not interested in waiting on us, sitting us down handing us a paper and said here is our specials, and walked away. She also was singing have the time walking around and mumbling to herself.I could deal with that if the food was good but it was far from it, I ordered and itialian platter that had a piece of lasagna that had parts that were hard as a brick and clearly seemed microwaved. Then it had a portion of chicken parm and the chicken was paper thin and again hard and dried out.My gf ordered the Chicken Romano and it eh alright, it was kinda soggy, not the best but not the worst for her order.for what you pay and what you get, just avoid it, not worth trying, over priced and just bad food.
5	The Pleasure Bar is absolutely not a 5 star restaurant, but it gets 5 stars from me bc every time I've dined there I've left happy, full of delicious food, and not broke.Everyone in Bloomfield knows about the Pleasure Bar, but I'm not sure anyone outside of Bloomfield knows about it.  It's a small neighborhood restaurant, the main dining room is small and it looks like you're in the banquet room of a Holiday Inn in 1985--but somehow the atmosphere is warm and friendly instead of dated and depressing.I have never called ahead for reservations and i have never had to wait for a table and I believe this is only bc I've got lucky every time I dine there.  The restaurant is ALWAYS busy and for good reason--the food is great!Is this authentic Italian food?  I have no idea.  I have an Oma and a Nain (german and welsh grandmothers, respectively).  Many dishes were served at our house growing up, nary a Pasta Pomodoro among them.  So while I do not know if this is authentic Italian food, I can tell you this food is the real deal.  It's really, really good.Heres what we had to eat last night:the tomato and mozzarella salad.  Its a real pet peeve of mine when restaurants don't use very ripe roma tomatoes for these kinds of salads.  The tomato NEEDS to be very ripe and acidic and I was initially disappointed when I saw just regular beef steak tomato's in the dish.  These were no ordinary tomatoes!  They were marinated and amazing.  The mozzarella came out in large slices, and the waitress had recommended I dress it with balsamic vinegar which I did and it was excellent.My friend ordered the Italian wedding soup and I found it a little bland but he loved the soup.  It was the perfect ratio of pasta to broth and it was not heavy on the salt which is a good sign--you know the kitchen staff TASTES the food before serving it!  (not your food, they taste the food as it is prepared.  you know what I mean)I ordered the Salmon del Mare as my main course, it was the special of the night and it was very good.  Broiled salmon topped with tomatoes, spinach, mozzarella cheese, and shrimp scampi. I asked for my shrimp on the side and I am very glad I did because I think they might have overwhelmed the salmon.  I thought they'd just put the shrimp on the side but instead they brought out a delicious shrimp scampi which was good and savory and garlicky...  mmmmmmmmmm i just had a moment.the salmon was cooked just right--where it flakes but it's still moist and it was seasoned perfectly.  All of the ingredients were cooked so well I ended up deconstructing my dinner, and I had the salmon without any of the toppings, and then ate the spinach and tomatoes as if they were their own side.  A side of broccoli came with the entree and it was good but kind of unremarkable.  I mean, it's steamed broccoli.  It really didn't have a chance, considering it was brought out with the shrimp scampi.My friend ordered the Pasta Christopher which had red peppers, chicken, and sausage mixed in with penne.  Full disclosure:  I'm freaking hate Italian sausage.  I'm german (American by way of Stuttgart, my German claims are legitimate!  Stimmt!) and I HATE spicy sausages.  I like sausage bland, covered in Senf (mustard), and made of ingredients you don't want to know about.My friend found the Pasta Christopher delicious.  You're not going to leave the Pleasure Bar hungry, where he usually cleans his plate he asked for a to go box. We were too full to have dessert.Our check came to $50, but $14 of that was beer, we each had a beer with dinner.this restaurant is reasonable, and delicious.  If you bring a date here, they wont be impressed but they will be relaxed, have a great dinner, and you're not going to go broke.I highly recommend this place and I wish more people knew about it.  it is one of my favorite dining options in Bloomfield.Glossary:Oma:  German for grandmotherNain:  Welsh for grandmotherStimmt:  True.  CorrectSenf:  German word for Mustard
4	The food here is very good.  I did find the service a tad slow but of all the italian places in this area I would go here first.I had an italian hoggie that was very good and yes they do have excellent meatballs.
4	My parents have always talked about the Pleasure Bar and how they used to go here when they were younger, but I have never been.  I have got to say that after going, I am defitiley a fan.  Nice portions, good food, and classic Italian enviornment.When we got here, it was a pretty long wait, but luckily they have a pretty rocking bar here equipped with many TVs and plenty of booze.  Once we sat in the classic Itlaian looking dining area, our waitress came over, and we were starving.The greens and beans were delicious.  I was suprised to find out it was only made with lettuces rather than traditional escarole, but it was delicious.Entrees were also great.  I ordered the half portion of salmon, so I can account for portion size there, but it was great!  Asparagus was delightful.  My parents both got a pasta dish, and there was plenty to share because these plates were packed.  I would definitley suggest this place.  You know it is a good deal when my dad gets the check and his first words are, "That's all?!"  So with that being said, it is pretty affordable too.
1	Well to be honest this was one of the worst dinning experiences of my eating career. We sat outside and the service was VERY SLOW. Then my purse gets stolen right from my hand by what I can only describe as a gang of thugs. As if that wasn't bad enough the slow wait staff took about ten minutes to call the police and then proceeded to charge us for our mediocre meals even as they saw me telling the police how my wallet had been stolen under the waitstaffs not so watchful eye. Save your money and your wallet and go to wendy's the quality is far superior to this place.
3	When I lived in Bloomfield, Pleasure Bar was one of my staples.  They have a decent size bar, and two dining areas.  I've sat in all, and have had excellent service.  Honestly, I don't' recall ever being displeased with service here.  It's very Pittsburgh, so if you sit at the bar you can definitely catch a game.  The dining areas can accommodate groups, and I've seen many a family in here.  When they're busy it can get noisy, but not excessive. I have sampled just about everything on their menu.  A few of my faves:  Italian Eggrolls...mmmmm...i'm hungry just thinking about them.  Stuffed mushrooms are pretty bomb as well, and the Bruschetta Bread.  When it comes to entrees you can't go wrong with the pick your own pasta. Their sauces are homemade and oh so good.  My go-to is the pesto with angel hair. If you're looking for a nice place, with good homemade food, this is it.Bonus: During little Italy days they have a stand out front.  Do it.
2	I have really good food here in the past (try eggplant rolatini) and the local bread is fantastic. Tonight, however, was just awful. Linguini Alfredo was supposed to be "homemade" but it was a far cry from the simple butter/cream/parmesan classic recipe. It was way too thick and absolutely tasteless. Also, my diet coke tasted funny and lack carbonation. My nephew ordered a grilled cheese and I thought they would use the local Sancholi bread, but no. ;(. It tasted like that yellow spray they use on grills. The waitress didn't take the coke off of the bill until I asked. I think of this restaurant as a staple in the neighborhood. I hope that my experience tonight isn't repeated.
4	Ive been a fan of the Pleasure Bar from it the 60's ...it's current owners have kept some of the classic PB dishes,  along with their outstanding new menu.  My only complaint is that service is sketchy at best.  Having to ask for set ups, for water, for bread, for menus.....just turns me off.  Our party of 4 had a variety of entrees, all were good, but were missing 'something'.  Salad dressing was incorrect, soup was given to wrong person, cheese for pasta came after the dish was almost finished.  We were told that the larger beer glasses were dirty and we had to take a smaller glass!  The servers were frazzled, and surly....not a great combo.   So if you want a great meal in Bloomfield, and don't mind service that is sub par, try the PB.
1	Started out with wedding soup that was so salty it was almost inedible. Asked for the house wine and was given a glass of wine that cost $9.00. (My fault, I should have asked, I guess.) Meals were OK, but nothing special. Even the bread was just so-so. My dinner partner and I both got entirely different meals, and we both experienced serious gastro-intestinal problems after our dinners.
3	This is a pretty cool place in the heart of Bloomfield. I've never eaten at the restaurant, but I've frequented the bar and it's always been serviceable. The bar in the front is very open with four sides and a bunch of TV's for game-watching. There's always some cute girl behind the bar looking to catch tips from young or old single guys from the neighborhood. Had some food at the bar once that was alright. Good for a stop-in at some point.
2	not my fav! weird mixture of sit-downy restaurant and bar, with neither being really good.
3	Ah, Pleasure Bar. Yes, this place looks like it hasn't been updated for many decades. However, I find that kind of charming -- I imagine all of the steel workers of yore, boots dirty and hands ragged, gathering at the local watering hole after a long day's work to unwind with their neighbors and enjoy a cold pint and some good food.Anyway, I digress. I've been to the Pleasure Bar several times, and I have always left relatively satisfied. I've never encountered any service issues, and the food has always been decent. Now don't get me wrong -- the food isn't super modern, light, amazing Italian cuisine. It is, however, good "Pittsburgh Italian" --  and by that I mean that many of their dishes are heavier, richer, and more dense. Yes, I just made up the term "Pittsburgh Italian", but for a city that puts french fries on its salads, I think it fits. For example, one of their more popular and delicious appetizers is their potato balls -- as the name suggests, these are deep fried balls of mashed potatoes. Delightfully crispy on the outside, and warm, smooth and creamy on the inside. Their gnocchi is delicious, but very dense -- it's not the light, pillow-y type of gnocchi that some other Italian restaurants serve. That being said, I have no problem with starchy, dense gnocchi. I often get it tossed with mafalda sauce, which is one of their signature sauces that is a combination of marinara and alfredo. Sinful!!  So yeah, their food is the type of food that is rich and delicious, but you're definitely not going to be running a 5k after eating it (then again, running a 5k is overrated anyway ;) ) So for what it is, I think Pleasure Bar's food is actually pretty good. However, the last three times that I've visited, I've had -- hmm, how to say this politely? -- "intestinal issues."  The first time it happened, I thought maybe it was a fluke, but then I went again a few weeks later, and once again it was a gastrointestinal race to the finish home. I gave it one final try, but met the same fate.  So there is clearly something about their food that doesn't agree with me (and for the record, this doesn't ever happen anywhere else). To be fair though, it's very possible that my body is just weird, because in all cases my dining partners have not gotten ill.So I'm kind of torn -- my brain wants to give Pleasure Bar 4 stars, maybe 4.5, because I really do like their food. But my GI tract wants to give them a 1 or a 2. So I'll split the difference and go with 3.
1	Despicable service at the bar, very selective about who they serve, and incredibly rude when you request service after they ignore you for 20 minutes.
1	Some friends and I were here Friday, August 22nd. It was very crowded due to Little Italy Days in Bloomfield. I didn't mind waiting 45 minutes for a table as it was busy, but they seemed understaffed which is unacceptable. Once we were seated, we waited 15 minutes for our waitress Misty to greet us and take our drink orders. She complained about how busy they were and how this was the second double in a row she was working. She told us she was thinking of getting wasted that night and coming in the next day hungover... I can not stand when waitresses/waiters see that we're younger (I'm 25, my friends are in their early 30s) and assume that they can drop all professionalism and talk to us like we're their friends. I sympathize with you being slammed but I don't want to hear you complaining nor do I want to hear about you getting wasted. We should have requested another waitress at that moment.Two other tables who were seated 10-15 minutes after us got their food about 20 minutes before us. Two other waitresses were working the room and seemed fast and competent. We were the only table with Misty, who was working both the bar area and us. She never checked on us, took forever to get our food to us (which I'm assuming was sitting back in the kitchen for quite some time) and after we finished, we sat there for 20 minutes before we finally flagged down the hostess for our check. From the time we walked in to the time we walked out was about 2 hours. Would never consider going back.The food was good.
5	Free comedy every Monday night at 930pm! $2 domestic bottles!
4	You want people to keep coming back here?  Keep doing what you are doing here.  A comedic performance will definitely keep me coming back.  I'm not even sure if the lady I saw behind/by the bar even worked there, but she definitely entertained me.The atmosphere is light and fun inside making it feel like you are possibly at somebody's house party rather than at a bar.  I only came to partake in libations, so I cannot speak to the food here.  This place seems to be a favorite haunt for the locals that live nearby as everyone seemed to know everyone.  It was like one big family get together.  Kind of like Cheers meets Central Perk.
1	This place does not have good italian sauce it tasted like chef boyardee and my crab cakes were not cooked in the middle it was cold. I wont be back.
2	Food is great but the service at the bar is horrendous. Last few times we have went the bartender was unable to cope with even a half full bar. Went back in August on a Friday and asked if we could sit outside at one of the tables in front,  bartender told us yeah but we would have to come inside to order things because it's too busy. There were nine people in the bar section. It was nice out so we sat out there anyway. When our food was ready she knocked on the window and I had to go in to the bar and bring our food out to the table,  so it's got a nice authentic touch of waiting your own table yet paying someone else to do it. Eventually realized that she was doing this because she was screwing a waitress out of the table and didn't want to be seen. Classy. Same one was working the last time we went,  it was dead and she still couldn't keep up. Everything she said to anyone was prefaced with "give me a second I have to get this for these people first"  and then she would look at her phone. I mean I don't expect the best service on a Friday night somewhere but when it's dead and you can't even come close to keeping up what the hell are you doing. On the bright side we got bread with our meal for the first time in the last four visits this time so....  progress I guess. The food really is great especially the mafalda but man the service has gotten to where it isn't worth it.
3	Pretty decent Italian food right here. I ordered the alfredo, and my dad who is an old head Italian expert had the Bolognese sauce, and both were pretty pleasing. Sanchollis bread is the best, decent place, decent price.
