1	This Salvation Army definitely has its fans. I've known people that would salivate at the idea of a Saturday afternoon spent digging through this store. You can, occasionally, find some good stuff here, but it takes a lot of digging and perseverance, and I find the price point to be way past my thrift flinch point, usually. There are two levels. The lower level is furniture, housewares, linens, books, and toys. Basically, everything they carry besides clothing. The organization here on this level is..... well, "organization" is such a strong word. Let's just say that the sections are free spirits that are not limited by arbitrary"categories" for your ease. Most everything is pretty dirty. You can find ebay-worthy stuff sometimes, but I just don't ever feel like it's worth my time. Upstairs, you will find a cram-packed clothing section. Men's, Women's, Children's, purses, jackets, coats and shoes stuff each rack to the bursting point and then there are the wall displays -- "selected items" are hung on nails, all the way up to the ceiling. Yes, you have to ask for help to get stuff down. There's a decent mix of old and newer stuff, but I rarely, rarely find things I want to buy. I think a lot of the merch is overpicked regularly by some savvy shoppers on the southside. I definitely feel like this location is supported by a captive population. Of the few items I have purchased here, many of them had mystery stains or holes I didn't notice before I bought them, sadly. This is the thrift store in PGH I am most likely to leave Completely Empty Handed (a special feat, one that I perform only rarely).
3	I love my Salvation Armys... sorting clothes by color and size, what a novel concept! This one used to be stellar but lately they don't have nearly as many clothes (at least not guys' clothes, anyway), so I don't go here as often. But the prices are fantastic. I can't tell you the joy of buying a rocking tshirt for 99 cents, only to have it be the "color of the day" and end up getting it for 49 cents!
2	Not very impressed by this place. I go to thrift stores primarily for three things - records, stupid knick-knacks, and t-shirts, and this place didn't deliver on any of these. The best thing I found was a Rudolph the Red Nose Reindeer vinyl in decent shape. How is a person supposed to maintain their beardo-hipster lifestyle if the salvation army isn't around to act as a lifeline of supplies?
2	Dirty...even for a thrift store. I can never find anything in here.
2	yeah, not that good. Who took all the cool shit?
5	Last time I checked, the unofficial definition of a Thrift Store is a place with unexpected/mystery inventory involving questionably clean items - and that's exactly what this place is.This Salvation Army is huge with two levels. Tons of miscellaneous crap, furniture and an entire 2nd floor dedicated to clothing.Like all T-Stores this place can be hit-or-miss, but I just about always walk out with something. My past trip proved especially fruitful.For around $20 I got 7 or 8 shirts including a PITT basketball jersey, a cool vintage blanket that I could resell to a Brooklyn hipster for $75 and some nicknacks including a 12 inch bust of Jesus Christ and a bowling themed coffee mug.
4	I've been in a thrifting mood lately and of course couldn't pass up this location.  It's not really bigger than other locations, but it's definitely a place to come and look around to see what is there.  They seem to pack as much stuff in here as humanly possible.I was on a mission to find an awful picture with a pretty good frame in order to do a project I have on my mind.  So I had stopped at several other local thrift shops and had no luck.  I should note here that I had no luck at this location as well.  But I didn't walk out of here empty handed.  I ended up purchasing a pretty awesome drop leaf table.  Fits perfectly in my apartment.  The staff here are super polite, they even helped me out to my car after my purchase.Of course like any other thrift store, steer clear on senior citizen day.  No one wants an old lady beat down.
4	I am a little confused by all the low ratings of this place Yelp: I mean is "I can never find anything here" really a great reason to give this place one or two stars? I don't know, but here is a Smart Tip for thrift store shopping from my sister who had her own little successful eBay shop selling her thrift store finds for a number of years. If you live close to and go to certain store often watch for the day of the week they get their truckloads in then check for new items that day. Sometimes you can ask store staff and they will tell you. Amazing! Anyway this is a fairly large, but cramped 2 level store I have seen good vinyl records, decent furniture, and some cool kitchen finds in here. The price point is not the cheapest in the city probably due to location but it is still pretty cheap. The location is awesome, plenty of other things you might be in the South Side for right? Charity factor is good here I know SA has a reputation politically for taking a stand (google more if you want I am not getting into it here). or two that I disagree with but... They provide jobs and housing program here for single men which is a much needed resource. Not every store location has this sort of programs right there. The  men often unload the trucks on delivery day. I work in the area and drive past on bingham st often. Overall this is a good SA location you have to hunt for your items..... that's the Thrift Thrill people! They don't just fall out of the sky into your lap, unless Grandma had them all and she just passed on. Antique factor: 3/5Thrift factor: 4/5Picked Over factor: 4/5 only because they get new shipments in frequently.
4	If you just moved & currently have a completly empty apartment, try looking here!, (downstairs)! Every time I'm here I see multiple pots, pans, coffee pots ect. I've also bought a clothes iron here as well. Also downstairs is where you can find the furniture. They've had multiple dressers and end tables each time I've stopped in (of course it's a thrift store so there are good days and bad days!) Yes it's cramped and may seem a little dark, but again,  it's a thrift store- not Bloomingdale's! Upstairs is where you'll find the clothes. I normally come here for the downstairs area  to add little (maybe unnecessary) things to my apartment. I always have better luck in that department at SalVal. If I do need to look for a pair of pants or I'm browsing for clothes, I head to "the other thrift store in South Side" --nothing on this store, but it's just hard to get into the thrifting mood upstairs. You should atleast try it once though. Don't take my word for it!Again, I could talk about how awesome downstairs is all day :D
2	My comments are for the pick-up donation service.  We had done some research with several donation/community centers and decided to donate our furniture items to Salvation Army because they offered pick up service where they would come into to your home and pick up the furniture you were looking to donate.  All the other donation/community centers required that you move the pieces yourself in to your driveway, porch, garage for them to pick up.  I preferred that others do the heavy lifting if that was an option and it appeard that it was for the Salvation Army.  When I made the booking and looked on their website they appeard to take most types of furniture, so I requested a pick up for 2 dressers, nightstand, coffee table, 2 small side tables, dining table (with chairs), entertainment center, old tv, and corner desk unit.  I know, it's a ton of furniture!I scheduled the pick-up for about a week out which was the earliest they had.  They arrived in the morning and the 2 men that came were polite and mentioned that they had to take photos of the furniture to send to the dispatcher to see if they could accept it.  Ok...this is news to me, but fine - all the pieces were in working condition with normal wear and tear over the years.  Here's where my disappointment comes in - they only took the 2 small side tables and the tv!  They said that some of the pieces had water damage...what!?!?!  Water damage to me is rotten wood which is falling apart and maybe some mold thrown in there.  If they meant minor water/beverage stains on the coffee table and dining table?  Yes, we had some marks where people placed their glasses on the tables without a coaster.  The other pieces they said there were chips/dents to the wood...ummm, yes, to me this is normal wear and tear over the past several years.  All the pieces were in working condition...for goodness sake we were using them!  If they needed to be trashed we would have taken them out for garbage pick-up.  But they were all in usable and good condition...we felt like others who may be less fortunate could definitely get use out of these pieces!  Thankfully, we were able to call Habitat for Humanity, we explained to them that the furniture wasn't in "mint" condition and there was wear and tear, but they were happy to accept these items.  Only downside is that we do have to move the pieces out to the porch/garage for them to pick-up.  But hey if it means that others can make use of furniture that's still usable then I'm all for it!  Also Salvation Army doesn't accept disassembled furniture...this would have been good to know b/c we had to disassemble the corner desk to get it out of the room to move it but they wouldn't accept it.  I wish that Salvation Army would have something on their website or send you information when you book a pick-up with their stringent criteria on furniture so that you know what to expect.
