3	We live pretty close to City Buffet (Used to be called Zen Buffet) and my kids, who are buffet freaks, have been waiting to try it, and I saw that they just had a name change this week and had new prices listed outside.  For adult it was priced $8.99 for the buffet and with 4 teens that's a great price, because they sure can eat!  The staff was very friendly and attentive to our needs, drinks were being refilled without asking, and there was a good amount of people in restaurant. Now I have to state that even though my kids are into the buffet dining experience, I am not, but having said that, the place does offer a variety of dishes, all of my kids where equally happy with the selection that they had and everyone did get plenty.  If you are a person who likes seafood, they had plenty for you, shrimp, crab, mussels, other fish; one of my daughters loved the fact that there was even sushi.  The place was clean and staff was always making sure there was never an empty dish.  According to my kids the only down side was that they stated the ice cream was lacking in flavor.  I am sure I will be taking them back their again to eat.
2	The first time I went when it was the Zen Buffet I would have given it 4 stars but then the next several times I went it became more bland until eventually it reached the level of a Hospital cafeteria. The City Buffet is even worse. No seranno chilies in any of the dishes, no spices at all and they don't have hot sauce of any kind or white pepper on the tables. I wouldn't even call it Chinese food. In fact I didn't see any Asian people eating there......not a good sign.
5	This place used to be called Jen Buffet. They're now under the dubious ownership of City Buffet, though the chef is still the same (for now).Seriously underrated. I'm Chinese, so naturally, I love buffets. Still, I find most of the offerings in Arizona to be lackluster if not downright disgusting. In terms of seafood, the quality at Jen Buffet (or City Buffet, as it's called now) is fresher than even Pacific Buffet, specifically the sushi/sashimi and the shrimp. The grilled fish is also really fresh. There are less items than Pacific Buffet, but the quality is generally better. Here's the run-down of my experience.Day of the Week: Saturday NightPeople: Generally empty--there was one family speaking Cantonese seated near us, but mostly non-Asian dinersWhat I ate (at least, what I could remember):Tuna and Salmon sashimi--fresh if small-portionedVarious sushi items--typical California roll, Philly roll, spicy tuna--fresh and tastySeaweed salad--too saltyOctopus--too saltyMussels--chewy and fairly freshOysters--clean oyster taste, though my brother complained his was bitter and had sand in itCrayfish: Cantonese family swooped down on these as soon as they refilled the tray; did not get to try theseClams: fresh and tasty!!!!!Roast Beef: My piece was a bit tough/overdone in texture, but the flavor was goodCoconut Shrimp: The one Americanized Chinese dish I'll admit to actually liking--a bit soggy, but again, the flavor was goodStuffed Chicken: surprisingly good; the outside was crispy and the inside with thick and juicyteriyaki chicken: nice sweet/savory glaze and juicy, tender chicken insideMongo BBQ: light and not overly saucedhot and sour: I have low tolerance for spiciness, so I thought it was a bit too spicy--my mom loved itcustard bun: small and delicate--possibly the BEST custard buns I've eaten at a Chinese buffet. Not soggy and not dry--the PERFECT dim-sum quality texturebanana "pudding" (in squares): silky smooth, cool, and deliciousunlabeled dessert that tasted like banana pudding with a tasty base of banana cake and bananas--it had the "fake" artificial banana flavor that my brother really enjoysunlabeled soft-serve "ice cream" that I strongly suspect was actually frozen yogurt--not watery, but a bit icy as frozen yogurt often is. I loved it, though, being lactose-intolerant and allcantaloupe-fresh!!!! It was actually FRESH!!!!! Oh, the joy of finding fresh fruit at a Chinese buffetMissing food (that is, what Pacific Buffet has that this place doesn't)-Crab legs: my mom said they used to have these, but Chinese families would grab 5-6 plates of crabs legs per person, in order to get their money's worth. Personally, I've always found crab legs at buffets to be bland and uninspired-Pineapple RIce-Red bean paste bun shaped like a peach-More sashimi/sushi offerings-frog legs-hard scoop ice cream (green tea amongst other flavors)-sweet dessert soup (with white fungus, gingko nuts, and dates/longan)-BBQ pork buns (actually it might have been Phoenix Palace that used to have this way back when it was a buffet)Price: $9.99+tax. Best deal EVER.For the value, City Buffet has the freshest seafood in town. Almost everything was authentic (no overly sauced, greasy, "spicy" Americanized Chinese food here) and that might be the problem. Chinese people like authentic Chinese food, but they would never go to a buffet unless it had expensive items like crab legs and sashimi--otherwise, they can just prepare it at home. I'm afraid this hidden gem might close down or worse, descend to the depths of bad American Chinese. And there's far too much of that already.4.5 stars (but I'll round up)
5	I am surprise to see so many low review.I am Oriental, I love good Chinese food, I am a self appointed Chinese food connoisseur. I've been here twice with several of my Chinese friends. I might also add; my Chinese friends are hard to please crowd; you know the type - nit pickers. So far, we all  agree, the sea food is Fresh, very authentic Chinese cooking. Even though this is a buffet, it rival any sit down type restaurant in Phoenix metropolitan.In my humble opinion, as far fresh seafood buffet goes, this place is definitely a five star
1	We recieved an advertisement in the mail for $8.95 but when we got there it was $11.95. They had a note on the door saying that they would no longer be able to honor the sale price. It was very shady! If you are going to advertise a sale then honor that price.
4	I have been to many of these buffets, including the predecessor one, Jen Buffet, and Pacific Seafood down the street.  My wife and I went last even to try, in response to their advertising about new menu items.I must say that although the food was good but not outstanding, it was pretty darn good.  They have all the usual Chinese buffet items, along with the noodle bar where you can get your choice of soup noddles.But I was pleasantly surprise with their generous assortment of seafood for their individual hot pots that each table can have, and they do indeed have fresh Maine lobster -- all you can eat.  The lobster is prepare in a Chinese style -- braised with a brown sauce.  Pretty good and fresh.I suspect the owner is trying to build a customer base, so go and eat for the cheap price of about $13, before the menu changes or the price ngoes up.  You will not be disapoointed!
1	This place was absolutely the worst buffet I've ever been to.Honestly, I'm not even a picky eater. Even though I am Chinese, I would not say I'm a Chinese food snob. I firmly believe that amazing Chinese food and dim sum can be found outside of San Francisco and yes, even in buffets. I love myself a good Chinese buffet and have been to much better ones.BUT, this place is just badAs a disclaimer, I do not eat seafood, so it was partly my fault for coming here. I can't comment on those dishes, but I can't imagine them being very good based on the other dishesI started with noodle bowl station. This is really what convinced me to stay here since I love noodles. Well, the wonton were tiny and bland, while it seemed like they put three noodles in the bowl with a huge amount of broth. The beef stew noodle was also lacking in the amount of noodles and the noodles were still clumped up. The beef was so tough, and there were 7 or 8 pieces of anise in the bowl. Too much.The mongolian grill was next as I figured, this will be better since I can choose my own stuff. NOPE. There was hardly any flavoring in the stirfry, the meats were awful quality, and no sauces really to flavor it all.They have standard "Chinese" buffet fare like beef broccoli, spring rolls and orange chicken, in addition to some dim sum. The dim sum buns were hard and these dishes just tasted unappetizing. Blah. The spring roll was especially offensive. The only thing that I enjoyed were the fried wings, which I stuck to after discovering everything else was not good.  Save yourself the trouble and find another buffet if you're hungry.
2	food is barely warm, quality and selection drop greatly. I am very disappointed today.
1	Last Friday, 4/15/11, my family and I went to City Buffet as we had been there before on a number of occasions and liked the food.  We were especially partial to City Buffet since their promotional prices and coupons made their buffet a pretty good deal.  So on Thursday afternoon, I called the restaurant and spoke to the manager who told me that they accepted ALL COMPETITORS' coupons as well as their own expired ones (as they advertised).  I also inquired about the pricing and was told that the pricing was still $13.99 for dinner on weekdays and $14.99 for the weekends.  I was also told that they offered take out service by the pound which was $5.99 per pound without seafood and $8.99 per pound for their seafood take-out.   We got there and were extremely disappointed and angry:* First of all, after we ate, we were told that they did not accept competitors' coupons, in direct contradiction to what the manager told me;* Their crab legs, braised lobster dishes were very slow to be refilled.  All the other people there were grumbling about this too;* They did not have the fried, cracked crab and the Dungeness crab as they advertised;* And they raised the prices on Thursday nite. Why wasn't I told that when I called on Thursday afternoon?* Further, they did not have a take-out option by the pound.  They charged me the full dinner price for a little container of food that I took for my other daughter who was at home.I expected the prices to go up or the menu items to diminished since I suspected that their pricing and their menu offerings were "introductory" in nature, but the thing that pisses me off if the use of deception, lying, and false advertising.  The honest provider would publish new prices and new menus and would not give people false information over the phone.I just drove by the place on my way in to work this morning and the big advertising banners are still up at the restaurant with the false pricing and false menu items.What deceitful and unethical people own and manage City Buffet in Chandler!!
4	City buffet, formally Jen buffet, formally Zen buffet, formally Hometown buffet is still a pretty good buffet.Not as good as any of the previous buffets that were housed here but still better than your average Chinese buffet.Rand H. Robyn N, and myself had lunch here today and they had most of your typical Chinese fare plus a few things I have never seen before.I tried  a lot of different items here and everything was tasty and the service was fast and friendly. So City buffet may not be the best buffet to serve food out of this building is still a good one and a solid four stars.
3	Ok, so here's the new City Buffet, the erstwhile Hometown Buffet, heretofore Zen Buffet cum Jen Buffet!  I don't care what they call it, as long as I get a good lunch here at 11, which has been the case many times now during the last 2 1/2 years & all these changes!     :-))Today, I whipped in here to review it quickly, before it changes hands again, joined by Robyn N. & Mike C.  There were 117 food items on hand, plus sauces & dressings, plus a "Hot Pot" area with a dozen other items for you to cook yourself on a little gas stove that you can take to your table, for a $2 additional charge.Some positives:*  Peking Duck!*  Tasty beef, cabbage & tomato soup, in addition to the usual Chinese offerings.*  A number of interesting, unusual food items along with the usual.*  No TV!*  Real ice cream!Some negatives:*  Food choices way down from 150 as Zen/Jen to 117 now (+ 12 for the $2 Hot Pot nonsense).*  The number of sushi bar items have been reduced from when it was Zen/Jen to make room for the silly little "Hot Pot" stove thing, & an ugly soda cooler now sits in the center of this formerly attractive centerpiece of the restaurant.*  Some serving trays were allowed to go empty, & others were not being used at all.*  The Mongolian BBQ isn't as good as it used to be, & the folks preparing it barely understood English, so you couldn't really ask to have your food prepared the way you want it.*  Bright light was glaring in from the too-open blinds.I think it's a shame that this is no longer the beautiful 5-Star place it was as Zen/Jen.  The positives boost it up to a little above average for Chinese buffets in the whole Valley, but it doesn't hold it's own well against the best ones over here on the east side, including Pacific Seafood, #1 Eastern, Crazy, & Hong Kong Gourmet, just for starters.Lunch Buffet $7.99/$7.19 Sr.
3	**3.5 Stars**All-you-can-eat Lobsters. *Enough Said*PROS: Lobsters glazed in Brown, Garlicy Sauce, King Crab Legs, Fresh Fruits, Good Desserts like Eclairs, Lemon Cake, Staff does an excellent job at re-filling empty food trays, Waiters were really attentive and friendly.Most items were fair and average at bestCONS: Hawk/Camp out with the anxious, greedy patrons for Lobster re-fill, you have to time it right and make sure you're either 1st or 2nd in line, otherwise, you end up with nothing and could be the 1st for the next batch.The sushi bar was questionable, I didn't even try, but there was a big selection of various rollsDinner: $17 (with drink)
1	I was not impressed. Bad food and bad service. The price was out of the question for this place. I will never return.  I suggest Pacific Sea Food for the same price.
1	They went out of business last month. I'm surprised they lasted that long. Nice location and beautiful building but very very very poor management.
3	= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =This place has folded, & it's not a big surprise.  Starting out as an excellent Hometown Buffet, it changed to 5-Star Zen Buffet.  Then, & also after a name change only to Jen Buffet, it continued to be a top favorite of my Yelp friends & I.  Then it was sold & became City Buffet here.  They ruined the beautiful look of the place, took out many of the food selections, tried to upsell you to renting a little stove to cook part of your own lunch, & other kookie things.  It's no surprise that the place didn't last long.Now the building has been leased by the Min Lu family & will reopen this Spring as a Yummy Grill Buffet like their one in Chandler.  I can't wait!!     :-))
