5	I had to leave these guys some feedback after the service I encountered the last time I was there. I'm mean they've given me exceptional service as well in past, but I think this time it deserves some recognition. I really needed a pair of new board shorts for a special occasion with my girlfriend a few weekends back. Since I haven't upgraded since 01 on swim shorts, I thought this would be a good idea to find a new pair. I went to chandler fashion mall, and I swear every single place I went to had either stopped carrying them or had very sh*tty clearance items because of the season change to fall (We live in freakin Arizona for god sakes!). So I went to buckle because they've never let me down before when I'm looking for something cool. I walked in, and as usually they greet you and ask if you need assistance. I was like YES! I need board shorts bad....He was like we don't have any out in front but we still have some from the summer season in back. 5 minutes later he walks out with a plethora of board shorts in at least 15 different designs.  10 min later I had already picked and paid (59.99 sticker shock though, but worth every penny). I recommend the place to anyone who has great style and love great service. Thanks again Buckle.
5	I always buy my jeans at the Buckle.  I just love the clothes.  I am pretty cheap when it comes to clothes.  But i will spend the money on Buckle jeans.  I wear them out.  The staff is A+++.  Love the kids that work there.  They are so helpful and nice.  Love the service.
2	First of all. I have no qualms spending money on clothing...  I usually got to the Buckle in Scottsdale and at the Tempe Market Place where I've have raving reviews.  I was at this location since I was in the area.  I was very disappointed!  I immediately get there and she starts to sell me. No rapport whatsoever. First all of she asked "When you looking to upgrade?" Talking about my True Religion jeans. Woah.... I was offended. I was also wearing my Society Shirt and she already threw a purple long sleeve on at me.  At this point I let her know she crossed the line with the jeans comment. She then talked about her love of clothes and all. There was nobody in the store, she could have done a way better job.  I'll stick with my faithful Buckle in Scottsdale and Temple.  This Buckle can keep their lame customer service.
3	UPDATE!!: After the experience I had today, especially since it was an incident with a manager, I don't really want to go back. I had ordered a pair of jeans in a longer length and put them on layaway. I paid the minimum percentage of the balance in case I didn't like them, and received a call when they came in.Let me add that I normally LOVE the service I receive from this location, but today I was shocked.A new employee was helping me out and he was super friendly. He needed some help doing somethings which was understandable and I just waited patiently. Everyone starts off from the beginning at times. Well long story short, I got the same jeans in a different length and they had to return my initial payment to me, then I needed to purchase the new jeans. Well when I was looking at the receipt when I got to my car and looked in detail at it, it didn't show the $12 off the payment, and it Just didn't make sense.When I called back and tried to talk to them to understand why the receipt didn't make sense, the manager, Mark I think, was not nice about it. He wasn't helpful with explaining the situation, then insinuated that I had thought that the new employee helping me stole from me, which I NEVER said, nor do I think he had. He mentioned that he also looked at the security camera to check. I was just trying to understand the receipt that wasn't clear.....Because of this interaction, I don't know if I want to go back. I sincerely hope that the head person of this location look at this person!! My husband also said he had an unpleasant interaction with him while trying to get a military discount.....I will go in there when I know that Jenna is there, and only when I know she is there.FIRST REVIEW:The first time I went into buckle, I was already thinking I wouldn't find anything. I've had a few body issues, that apparently only I see, and it's been hard to find clothes that fit me right. Well Jenna greeted us when we first went and she was understanding from the beginning. She listened to all of my concerns and things that I was interested in and off she went. The only time I had to leave the dressing room was to show my husband what I had on. she just kept brining me things.Jenna finally got me out of my funk and helped me find outfits that made me feel awesome in. Now every time I go into buckle, most of the people there know me and Jenna always had new things for me to try on. This is now my go to store and Jenna is my go to person for help!
