5	Great workout! Perfect for someone like me who usually avoids strength training at all costs. The class is always different, but it's always a challenge, combining balance and strength. Focus is on the core, and you can work at your own pace. Check out the website for details.
5	Wow. What a great workout! As a devout SPX fan - I've trained religiously at the Beverly Hills studio for the last three years. It is honestly the only workout that has given me results. I love it. After a recent stay in Phoenix, I was worried that I'd miss out on training. But that was before I discovered that a new spx studio that opened on camelback. I briefly met the owner, Jenny, and she was great. Super nice and welcoming. The studio itself was light and breezy so it didn't get too hot in there. But the class was intense. I highly recommend this one. Just a tip, it's located in the back of the aj's strip mall so give yourself some extra time to park and find it.
4	Okay my A** is still on fire!!!! and including other parts.   I don't know how to say it any other way, this is a total body workout.  I have now gone 3 times and it is a perfect alternative to a trainer.  I had worked out with trainers for 3 years and missed being around people.  Trainers here vary, I do prefer Adam, and think being a new student he takes the time to show you alternatives, not everyone is a rock body.  I have gone to two other teachers and They were good and the workout was amazing.I recommend, they have some packages deals the are actually good and a reduced price.  I hate deals that you buy a package of 10 and it is only $5 savings.You have to set up an online account and you book yourself online and prepay.  CANCELLATION POLICY:  They do have strange cancellation policy, you must cancel 6 hours before but if you don't not only to you loose the money you paid for the class but you also get charged an additional $25.
4	So the ache in my abs means this works, right!? Ok, I'm in. After looking at countless Pilates studios, I chose the Body Lab for the intimate feel and the lack of intimidation. While I am not the most coordinated person in the world, I managed to pick up the SPX workout after the first few classes fairly easily. With the help of Scott, of course. He made sure to help me through the workout and not feel silly. I chose the unlimited 3 month package as I prep for bikini season and a trip to the Dominican Republic. Class times are great for a person with an 8-5 job. Granted, the Body Lab isn't cheap but its worth every penny. I'm seeing results and feel myself getting stronger with every session. One TINY negative is the cancellation policy....$25 if you miss or don't cancel 6 hours before? Things always come up unexpected and while I can understand the spots per class are limited, $25 is a little much if you ask me. I am already paying per month - if I choose not to go I shouldn't have to pay MORE. If you haven't tried Pilates, sign up for the free session to try it! The first time is free and a great way to determine if you want to come back.
5	This is literally the fastest way to become the subject of a rap about having a nice body. All of these songs (and more) were inspired by women who do pilates at The Body Lab. "Got the body of a goddess" (I'm in Love With a Stripper)"Damn youz a sexy bitch!" (That one song)"Look it how she walk... you know she know she bad" (Bedrock)"Honey got a booty like wow-oh-wow" (OMG)An ethereal presence. Sex Appeal. Confidence. A nice butt. What are you waiting for? Get on it.
5	I moved to Phx from LA about 5 years ago (don't remind me) I have belonged to the following gym's.  The Gainey Village in PV (hated the prentense but loved both my trainers Nate and Chris), The Village on Camelback for tennis (hated the grumpy, frumpy soccer mom set and the tennis club was super "clicky"),  Life time Fitness on 56th and Mayo (was actually OK - def motivational as their were people in shape all around me), but too far to drive and too BIG - also hated their day-care! Gainey Village Day care was really good!  Lastly, LifePower on Shea - turned into a Yoga studio (sorry, I hate Yoga!). Well, with all that said,  I am over the moon that I found The Body Lab.  Staff is amazing, professional, classes are INCREDIBLE and have tranformed my athletic body to a more lean look and got rid of my gutt since having my child. The people who attend classes (mostly women) seem nice enough to where I'm not cringing being in a class with any of them (ok, one time this goofball kept checking her phone during class - which meant getting on and off the equipment - which was very distracting, as she was next to me, but I think that was a one time thing - as I  haven't seen her since - maybe she picked up on me giving her the stink eye! My favorite class's are by Scott and Melissa B.  I also love Adam's cllasses, they have a Zen like feel.  The ONLY thing I would change is - it does get hot in there - which I don't like, as I'm prone to breakouts - I like the AC on! This place is so wonderful and the location is great - I usually trail walk/run before or after my class as it is near the trail I like. I have since taken a break from running/trail - and I have lost 12 pounds.  I am leaner than I have ever been and can actually see a flatter belly - which I haven't seen since having my son 4 years ago.  I also love that its not a bunch of " bitchy chatty kathy's" . I come to workout and like being around nice, positive people.  I truly love this place! Lastly, I am a stay at home Mom (with my own business) and love that they don't offer child care!  This is Mama's time! :)Their new location in No Scottsdale is wonderful!
5	one of the best workouts ever! it's difficult, but fun and i always leave feeling better than when i arrived.
5	This is the most amazing workout you will ever do.  You can watch your body change from week to week.  I have been doing it for nine months, eight classes per month.   I started four months after having ACL knee surgery and it has helped to rehabilitate not just my knee, hip, and legs, but strengthen my entire body.  There is no stress on your joints and ligaments.  You are lengthening, strengthening and toning your muscles.  This is a total body workout burning up to 600 calories per 50 minute session.  The day after taking class you will be sore in places you never knew had muscle.  Each workout is different and it seems that it is always harder than the last class.  There are no beginner classes.  You will sweat.  There is no time for socializing.  The workouts are challenging and if you choose to stick with it, will see results quickly.  No shows cost you $25.00 so that may also keep you motivated to not miss a class.
5	For the most part, the two locations of Body Lab share instructors, so no matter which studio you go to, you'll have a challenging & fun class. This studio is a bit smaller than the N. Scottsdale location with one less bed. Very tough workout - first class is free - try it out!
4	Great workout!  Just finished my second class tonight and I am hooked.  I injured my back almost a year ago and trying to find a workout that won't aggravate my injury has been really tough.  This workout not only will get me in shape, but will help rehab my back.  I'm looking forward to seeing results.
4	No pain, no gain, right?The first time I visited The Body Lab on a whim and a dare from a fellow fitness addict. I probably looked as terrified as I felt....but it quickly vanished once I learned that the longest we'd be doing any one move was about a minute. As the instructors say at Body Lab.... "you can do anything for a minute!".....right?I couldn't get past the initial sticker shock of the class costs, so it was with good reason I didn't return until about a year later; confidence renewed....and a package of commitment (20 classes) already purchased. An injury forced me to run down to the wire with finishing classes, and I did 19 classes in 6 weeks....which gave me a new appreciation for 'getting your money's worth' and scheduling your lifeThe overall workout is slow enough to make you mouth obscenities, but fast paced enough to get you a complete body workout in only 50 minutes. Each instructor has a favorite method of torture that is their signature, and you'll find your own favorites as you take more and more classes. #GiantSpoon, anyone?The fitness level of everyone in class is not obvious, but this is a place where modifications aren't frowned upon. The instructors will help you get a similar level of benefit on your knees if you can't keep yourself on your toes -- you can wear gloves or use dumbbells if you have wrist issues -- or you can just plain ole take a break in between reps. Don't try to keep up -- just try to work your way up to where you can do it. I've been to class with several fitness instructor friends of mine and it's fun to see what they can and can't do...just like average joe me!Key points: 1) Don't be intimidated: there's a new person in almost every class you'll take, you can modify the movements, and you'll get there eventually....even if just one rep at a time2) Do auto-pay -- or wait for a discounted package:  At a per-price class, you're better off doing other things with your money. The 8 classes for $139 monthly package brings it  down to about $17/class, which is what they will sell the 10 and 20 packs for on occasion. It's not worth more than that unless this is your only fitness regime3) Try variety in your instructor pool: Adam is not Emily, Scott is not Melissa, etc. You will find favorites, and you will find those that challenge you in a new way. 4) Book well in advance...and be aware of the cancellation policy:  You have up to 6hrs prior to cancel before you're charged a class AND $25. Avoid the hassle by scheduling your classes only when you know life will accommodate you. If you don't book in advance, chances are that with 11 spots, class will be full. But because of "rich" people who cancel late, you might make it off the waitlist :)
5	I have been a member for over and year and still look forward to going to class!!  I got bored with the strength training routine at the gym and couldn't have picked a better alternative work-out.  I had some serious muscle imbalance issues when I started and they have dramatically improved (as well as my flexibility)!  Great instructors, music and overall atmosphere!!
5	I've worked out my whole life...this is the first time I've ever had a workout actually change my body. I've been to a few of their classes with different instructors, but Scott will work you like no one will...and that work will pay off.  Yes, it's hard; yes, it's a little pricey.  If you want to spend hours on hours in the meat-market, I mean gym, running or climbing yourself to nowhere while your body just coasts then don't try it.  But if you want a 50 minute workout with amazing results then do it!!
5	Love  the Body Lab! It is one of the best and hardest workouts I have done. Scott, Adam  and Marisa are the best! It works every part and muscle group in your body. Always different so it never gets boring. Totally changed my body for the better!
5	The best work out ever.  Highly recommend.  You use every single muscle in your body; its a bit pricey but truly worth it.  Mo and Adam are great.  Scott does  a great job, too.  Can't go wrong! Get in here!
