1	It took over two hours for our lunch here and it wasn't even busy.  When the food finally came it was bad.  We never received an apology.  The prices are cheap, but it's not worth it.
3	A few of my co-workers and I decided to try this place yesterday.   It was a sort of early Christmas lunch among us because I would be working off-site next week.This is a typical bar with an extensive bar-type food menu.  I opted for the soup-and-half-a-sandwich combo.  The french onion soup I had was okay, but a little salty.  My 1/2 a sandwich, the "Raechal" (similar to a Rueben, but topped with colselaw) with corned beef was decent.
3	St Paddy's day bar crawl first stop! So walking around the cultural district after the parade I had to come here. I had passed by when wandering around the city and it called to me with the Authentic Irish name. It was really really busy that late morning. The bar was hopping and everyone was excited to start the long days libations. It took a long time for us to get served. Most people were already in the party mode and it was our first stop. The bartender was busy I know but not incredibly happy to be there it seemed. We finally ordered a draft of Guinness and chatted away. I can't say the atmosphere had me wanting to stay so we downed a shot of Jameson to pregame for Market Square. The Shots were cheap, the beers were not!When I asked for green beer they had already run out. The bartender complained that they "usually sit on it"...who knows, it was only noon. It did look like there would be a band playing later in the day. We didn't sample any food so I can't comment on that. So my opinion good for one drink on a bar crawl.
2	After a long morning meeting at the beautiful August Wilson Center on Liberty Ave. My coworkers and I needed food ASAP! We decided to go right across the street to Mahoney's! It didn't look like it would be pricey or the food would be bad. As you walk in you immediately see the bar area with TVs and Bar stools, as you walk in a little further the tables are set up in the back with plenty of room. A different set up that you don't see often, but I really liked it. The food was typical bar food, but with a little more pizazz. The 1/2 sandwich soup and sandwich combo was actually smaller than I had hoped. The food itself was not too bad. Not my favorite. The French Onion soup was a bit salty and the mayo for the sandwich seemed warm. I tried the fries which were good but a bit too greasy for my taste. My friend's Greek salad however was very tasty. It had a great mixture of greens, feta cheese and even potatoes! The staff was nice and the prices were good. A place I would go back to but not regularly. Maybe try a happy hour there?
3	I'm giving it three-stars, but it honestly started as a one-star experience.  The appearance and feel of the place is that of a diner/Irish-dive-bar hybrid.  It isn't dirty but it is a bit dark.  It isn't all-american diner, but there's a diner-esque  feel to the floor-plan.  But it is Irish, and that's super fun.Mel U. wrote that the first impression was that of "MAKEOVER TIME!" and I agree.  But I wouldn't change their motif or the theme ... I just would update a little.  And perhaps send some of the staff to polishing classes.Our bartender had no issue making it clear she was tired, didn't really want to be there, and felt somewhat inconvenience by the fact that people showed up right at 430pm.  About 30 minutes later tho ... we were all laughing together and having a grande ole time!!  So I'll file that into "crappy first impression" archive and give her the benefit of the doubt. (I used to work retail, so I know sometimes customers is that last thing we want to see.)Now on to the booze and drinks!  Our drinks were STRONG.  Linda W. asked for a Dark&Stormy which caused the initial inconvenience wave since ginger beer was in the kitchen coolers.  I went with a basic Diet & Vanilla vodka.  Drinks were strong and good.  The D&S could have used some extra lime but it was heavy enough that it was good in its own right.The food was good.  My burger was cooked to order and the sweet potato fries were scrumptious.  Linda W. was able to get a basket of fries which were a great value!There are a couple drink-and-chill all the time type customers there so the conversation was rather interesting once Serena R. arrived dressed as Carmen SanDiego.  We left with smirk and a bit of an eye roll at what was certainly a unique experience in one of Liberty Avenue's eating establishments.
3	A couple of us needed a place to pregame the Looney Tunes Yelp Elite Event at the Toonseum recently - Mahoney's just happened to be the closest place and so, by default, it was the winner.  Mmmmm, "winner" might be the wrong choice of words.  Interesting, maybe.  There were highs, there were lows.  Let's hit the "lows" first and end on a "high" note.  My companion and fellow Yelper, Ricardo, and I took comfortable barstools at the end of the long, well-stocked bar.  The female bartender came over and said to me, "What do you want, Grandma?"  Really?  This is a chick who depends upon the kindness of strangers for her tips?  I laughed it off with a pointed comment to her as Ricardo and I looked at each other with mild shock and amusement.  Fortunately, she redeemed herself later.  (Full disclosure....yes, I AM a grandmother several times over, but.....)  Another Yelper joined us a little while later and was the object of quite a bit of interest from owner and a friend of his/customer at the other end of the bar.  Some good natured kidding is one thing, but it bordered on creepy....especially after the two of them later came uninvited into the Yelp Event (smoking horrible-smelling cigars!)  to see her later in the evening! Precautions were taken to assure our fellow Yelper got to her destination safely.The highs.   I ordered a Dark n Stormy which the bartender had never heard of, but the owner told her how to make and sent her downstairs to get a few bottles of some really good ginger beer.  The drink was assembled in a double old-fashioned glass with an amazingly large pour of Goslings rum - far more than a double!  She added just a splash of ginger beer and a healthy squeeze of lime.  Although it wasn't the best DnS I've ever had, it certainly packed the most good, dark rum.  And at the Happy Hour price of $4.50, it was certainly the best value in a DnS I've ever had!The fries at Mahoney's are another high.  Crisp, fresh fries, perfectly salted and another bargain at less than $2. The bartender was friendly and fun....well, after she warmed up a bit!  Good prices, good food, good drinks....the highs.  Would I go back again?  Probably not.  But, if you're feeling adventurous, brave and are looking for a Happy Hour bargain, go for it!  Just take a thick skin and, perhaps, a great big boyfriend!
4	Found this place while looking for someplace to stop in for lunch before driving back to NYC. I was surprised at the food, which was good. Loved the lamb burger with feta cheese and the cole slaw and the tomato, basil soup with crab meat was much better than I expected.The decor is sports bar with posters of the Steelers, a few of the Patriots and Penguins. Very nice and friendly and the waitress was very friendly. Would return for a quick lunch if I am ever in Pittsburg
3	This place is great for some things and not so great for others.For me, this is a good spot for lunch during the week (if you happen to work downtown, because it's not worth a drive).  They have a pretty decent menu (the usual sandwiches, burgers, and salads but also a sprinkling of nice homemade Italian dishes like Chicken Parm and some "diner-style" foods like meatloaf).  I recommend the Lamb burger - like an Americanized gyro.  The meat is delish and the veggies fresh.What is this place NOT good for: happy hour.  Why?  Not because of selection, but because the price of a beer is expensive.  To be fair, I don't think I tried this place for happy hour in about a year, but I was so turned off by paying over $5 for a bottle of Yuengling, that I made my mind up then and there that this would be pigeon-holed as a lunch spot for me.  If memory serves, it was closer to $6 than $5 for a bottle.  C'mon!  This is a local brew with mass distribution.Final answer: good food, expensive beers, nice staff, horrible decor (but this is clearly old school 'burgh, so that I just overlook naturally)PS.  If you sit in a booth, you'll be rubbin' bums with the dude sitting behind you.  Try it, you'll know what I'm talking about.
1	The food was terrible! I got the crab cakes and they were mostly bread crumbs. Two people at our table got the crab bisque and neither could take more than 2 spoonfuls. It was a Wednesday at 7:30 and the restaurant was completely empty besides our group. We quickly found out why. I would NOT recommend this place for food.
3	Saturday afternoon.... and not a soul in this place? We stopped in only to grab a Bloody Mary. The bartender was sort of in love with herself and claimed that she made THE BEST Bloody Mary ever! Well, it was actually  good but it was certainly not the best ever. I am not sure why people insist on talking themselves up all of the time. They had a menu but I only glanced at it as I'm sure the food would have left a lot to be desired. Especially after reading some less-than-stellar Yelp reviews. But okay, decent Bloody Mary... it could have used some garnishes like celery or olives to be better. (damn, I'm a snob.)
2	This is a very small Irish pub.  The set up is relatively nice, despite its small size.  However, the location had a poor beer selection when we visited and appeared to be out of at least 3 of their draft selections. For well drinks, my girlfriend typically drinks vodka and cranberry and noted that their pour was very weak on vodka.
3	Nice weather has returned to the 'Burgh so I thought I'd get out a little bit for lunch.  Hey, it gets a little boring eating lunch at my desk all the time.  Mahoney's is typical bar fare though.  The prices aren't too bad, but it's your typical salad and sandwich menu.   I opted for the 1/2 corned beef with French Onion soup.  Good way to spend a lunch hour out of the office.
1	Mahoney's is the type of place where women are accosted by the bartender as my girlfriend was this evening. Don't go!
2	I am not digging the set up here the bar stools have arm rests which are fine  if the chair swiveled which it didn't and it was very awkward for me to get down with out the person next to be having to get up.The bar area felt cramped and made me uncomfortable. There  is apparently a small collection of dictionaries and thesauri that are keep  above the register that are in serious need of a dusty.I won't  be back soon.
3	Although from the outside it looked unimpressive, once we received our meals the food was very good. Our group had the chicken parm, NY strip, and tuna steak, all rated very highly and delicious. The staff was very friendly and offered useful tips for other things to do in the area. A reasonable selection of beers on tap. Very good prices for what we received, a good value.
1	After a work happy hour a few doors away, several of us were looking for a place to eat, and were having a hard time deciding. I was the pain in the tukkhas, since I'd driven my antique car, and kind of needed to be able to park it where I could see it, plus, I'd really planned the evening to be a birthday dinner for one of the co-workers. We decided to split up, and me and the birthday girl go somewhere, and the rest would hit something within walking distance. Then as Birthday girl and I got to my car, we realized we were parked in front of a restaurant, and Mahoney's won out by default.We should have gotten in the car and driven somewhere else.The atmosphere was pleasant enough, but the food...yeesh.Everyone placed their orders, mostly sandwiches of one variety of another, sided with fries, plain or sweet potato, or slaw. I ordered the Reuben hoping for the best, but definitely not receiving it.Michael's chicken breast with plain fries arrived with sweet potato fries, and instead of just bringing him a side of regular fries, they took the whole plate back to make the switch. Kim's turkey Rachel arrived, and as it was handed in her direction, half of the stuffing fell off the plate and onto the floor. The server took the plate back to the kitchen so that Rachel could be re-stuffed, and for the rest of the evening her initial guts laid right there on the floor. Kim #2 had a fried fish sandwich, which looked a little withered, and then there was my Reuben. More like an Ewwwwww-ben.The bread was dry as chalk, and the corned beef had been so overdone, it looked like bacon sticking out of the bread. Dry, dry, dry...and I took maybe two bites of the slaw, and that was quite enough.The prices aren't steep, but seriously people, take some pride in what you're handing off to a customer. Would YOU eat that?? Seriously, put that order down on the counter in front of you...and take one minute to LOOK at it...then make one exactly like it for yourself. Are you gonna eat that? If not, um, why would we want to pay for it?The service was pleasant enough, and the atmosphere was comfortable enough for nice conversation. But would I go back? Nope. The food, my reason for going to a restaurant, was dreck.My apologies to my co-workers for forcing them to try it along with me.
4	Good food, good atmosphere, and jazz music make this a regular lunch-time destination for me.
3	Not for vegetarians but I stopped and had a cocktail anyway on a sleepy, cold winter Monday night. Less than 6 bucks for a top shelf cocktail. Interesting decor. Casual, neighbourhood-y bar.
3	Good service,  didn't eat just had a beer.  Nothing to brag or complain about. Scouting for a corporate event in dtown Pitt but the place is a little to run down.
3	Went here for lunch today and the Reuben was delicious.  The sweet potato fries were not, soggy with grease.  Service was pleasant and the jazz music was soothing.
5	Excellent food, nice beverages, more than fair prices, & great service. Waitress remembered us & was a doll. Owner Elias is a delightful gent & such a really welcoming character. We'll be back. Very pleased.
2	I love to try new places when traveling and my wife was interested in something "mild."From their menu on the web it looked like Mahoney's Restaurant had a good selection of American favorites.The restaurant was close to our hotel so we walked over and go there about 5:30 pm on a Thursday.  It is a bar with larger dinning room, we were seated in a private booth, which was nice because they had a curtain between the booths so it was a nice secluded place to enjoy a meal... I just wish I had enjoyed the meal.My wife and I were the only people in the bar/restaurant. We were waited on immediately and our service was good.While the web site is nice, their menu in the restaurant's printed menu was almost impossible to read.  I do not know know who picked the font but the number one rule when picking a font is to make it legible. I liked the fact they had descriptions with each menu item but trying to comprehend the message while reading "through" the font was not fun.My wife picked the cheese burger and fries.  I picked the fish sandwich and sweat potato fries but then changed to plan fries when I learn they put sugar on the sweet potato fries, it was nice of the server to let me know this information.Food came out quickly.  The fries were home-style with skins on and they tasted just like my homemade fries, greasy and soggy.  I love fires but I did not finish mine.My wifes burger was cooked well done as she liked them and she was afraid it would be dry but it was not she liked it and she liked the crispy toasted bun.My fish sandwich was in one word "yuk."  I have never seen fish that thin.  It came with a tiny drop of tarter sauce in a plastic container, I asked for more when the sandwich was served and got one more drop of sauce, which might have been enough if the fish had not been so over-cooked that parts of it could not be chewed and swallowed.I had to keep picking out hard, long stands of fish from my mouth as I tried to eat the fish.  There was one long piece of fish and one about 1/2 the length of the other, the perfect amount of fish.  The breading was well flavored but the fish was so over-cooked I did not enjoy it. Our serve was nice to refill our drinks but he did not come back to ask if we need anything so I could not ask for more sauce, I used ketchup to try to finish the meal.  I know there is a balance of giving dinners privacy and service, so I do not blame the server for not coming back to ask how things were going.  He did bring the bill and process the bill quickly at the end of the meal but never did ask, "how was everything."  Good thing he did not ask because I tell the truth when asked.When we left there was only 2 other couples in the place and I think one was related to the owners.I will not be back and if you have other choices, I think I would recommend trying them before Mahoney's Restaurant.Because my wife enjoyed her burger I can not give them one star but if you get a burger skip the fries and go for some other side.  Their prices are very affordable.
1	Terrible. The food they brought us didn't match what was on the menu. They brought out a different wine then we ordered and didn't tell us until we ask. They messed up out bill. They didn't accommodate for a member of our group that had an allergy. The beer was skanked. The soda was flat. Possible the worst restaurant I was ever in.
1	Worst experience at a restaurant ever.  I don't need anything fancy but this was pathetic.  My coke was colored water, when I sent it back she said they just changed it.  Came back and said we don't have coke, would you like a sprite.  The sprite was flat but I was afraid to order a water after that.  Why didn't we just leave then.  The menu had quite a few spelling errors we joked about but no joke - don't go here.  If I could rate this a zero, I would.
5	When I travel for work I alway go in search of a comfortable place, unpretentious, good local beer, friendly vibe, good food. I stumbled upon Mahoneys and instantly felt at home. Friendly staff and crowd. Great collection of Steeler drawings. Definitely heading back next time and grabbing a James Burger. Ask around. James may be there. Say hello to him for me!
2	We went on a random Thursday night for dinner.  Our expectations were thinking this local establishment might be a great local pub with sub par food.  This is what we found. Our server was friendly enough and welcoming, but dining room area is out dated decor.  Food was not awful, but just barely average.  I had a salad and my husband had a fish sandwich.  They arrived quickly, were reasonably priced and by friendly staff, but the food was nothing special.  Nothing unique or notable about either one. The bar area up front seems like a small, local friendly place to go after work, but I would skip the food.
