4	Chocolatier on East! Awesome. Located next to Dilworth Coffee, this place opened Monday and has a great chocolate selection AND ice cream. Stopped by yesterday and bought a few pieces of chocolate for "Snacks". Got a turtle and some English toffee. Very tasty. They have all kinds of truffles too. It's all sold on a per pound basis, so don't be overwhelmed by the high price. My two treats cost a little over $3. There's some outdoor seating shared with Dilworth coffee too. Can't beat coffee and desserts right next door to each other!
4	Put me in a local chocolate shop and there's a really, really good chance I'll be pleased. The new Kenilworth Commons neighbor, Davidson Chocolate Co., did not disappoint this chocoholic in the least! It's a teeny little shop, but Davidson Chocolate Co. packs a punch. You'll see a nice variety of chocolates: truffles of all different flavors, turtles, coconut clusters, toffee, etc. Their truffle selection is pretty impressive, offering flavors such as Kahlua, strawberry cheesecake, key lime, peanut butter and, of course, dark and milk chocolate. The treats themselves are just delightful - I especially recommend the toffee. Delish!You'll also find ice cream and a smattering of chocolately gifty items like chocolate pops on a stick, Molly cards, etc. As Todd W. put it, these treats aren't super cheap, but the quality is there and I know I'll be back to try more.
1	I'm am delighted that Charlotte has a few local Chocolate Shops now, however I am not very impressed with the quality of Davidson Chocolate's truffles. Considering myself a chocolate connoisseur, I've been fortunate enough to travel the country to experience awesome, creative food- my passion! Davidson Chocolate Co's two shops are cute but I find that the taste is just not there & and the ganache is dry and waxy. I just don't taste the passion for chocolate in their product that I find in other truffles. :-/ I have not tasted the ice-cream they sell.
5	Wow.  So glad to find a local chocolate shop.  And the chocolate is AMAZING.  They did a fantastic job on a last minute large custom order with my company logo in just a few days and put up with all my annoying tweaks to the logo, the layout etc without blinking an eye.  KUDOS.  I will be using them a lot and raving about them.  The owner was awesome and the staff in the Kenilworth commons store was great.   Made me feel like I had been in hundreds of times.  Love to brag on a service well done.  Go check it out.  They make great personalized corporate gifts and the clients loved them.  Better than just another koozie or hand sanitizer with your logo.
1	I have tasted chocolate from around the state and around the country and the quality of these chocolates is just not there. Chocolate boutiques from the NC mountains to the west coast have a passion for creating very creative and inspiring flavors. Mix in the treat with on-site local coffee, and you have a lingering hang out spot. Davidson Chocolate is missing many things, and while the store looks "cute" to people who don't know what to expect from today's chocolate shops, it simply fails to deliver. Go to Asheville, NC for the best chocolate in the state.
5	Went to Davidson Chocolate to see if I could find fun and unique Christmas gifts for the family.  I found the perfect stocking stuffers for the kids - absolutely delicious candy in the cutest packaging.  My little cousins are going to love it.Everyone was so helpful there and I can't wait to go back to see what kind of fun gifts they'll have for Valentine's day.
4	Give a girl chocolate and you've won her over! Yes, I am that easily persuaded. I received a box of chocolates that came from Davidson Chocolate Co. and while I haven't been in myself, I can attest to the deliciousness of the truffles! They melt in your mouth! Each one has a distinguishing design to let you know which one you're eating; you get a truffle legend to help you out.I'll be sure to come here for my next chocolate need!
4	Support local chocolatiers! Davidson chocolate has great truffles and EXCELLENT icecream. Their custom truffle boxes are a great idea for a housewarming gift or birthday gift for a co-worker. You have to check it out!
4	Chocolate is wonderful, my favorite was the sea salted chocolate covered caramel, yummy.  I have only purchased chocolates from them once a few days before Christmas and they were nearly sold out, which is understandable for the day it was.  Now they also carry ice cream which is equally wonderful.  Not sure if this is a weird combination chocolate and ice cream but it works.  I have had the chocolate and the cherry cordial both equally delicious.  I will definitely be visiting here again.
4	After long wondering where Davidson Chocolate Co was located, though I knew it's location to be off of East, I had no idea it was nestled near the HT and Dilworth Coffee. Now, I'm not one to solely go on convenience, but that's like shooting fish in a barrel for those who are chocoholics. I stopped by the grocery store to pick up a few things this week and decided to drop in for an assortment. It's a somewhat dull shop with some examples of boxed arrangements, an ice cream cooler with several flavors, and the case of truffles, clusters, bark, and other things. There's a decent variety that is a bit more manageable than that of other shop's astronomic selection. I'm not sure they make the chocolates at this location, but rather the location that IS located in Davidson. Not sure. I picked from the case a menagerie for good measure of taste -- hazelnut, strawberry cheesecake, Irish cream, chili, vino rosso, curry, dark bark, walnut and cashew clusters, and a white peanut butter cup. Total was about $14, which is seems about the going rate for hand-crafted chocolates. The nice woman was even nice enough to put them in a box, with a yellow bow for my wife, nonetheless. Nice touch!The chocolates themselves were decent. I really enjoyed the white chocolate peanut butter cup, curry chocolate, and the Irish Cream. The dark bark was very smooth as well. However, the clusters tasted pretty stale and boring, hazelnut tasted ALL wrong, and the vino rosso's texture was pretty blah. Not a dealbreaker, but perhaps there is room for improvement? Think they just needed a little bit more love. Having this place in the neighborhood is rather nice. I can see us stopping in for different varieties or seasonals throughout the year. Cheers!
4	Went here the Friday before Memorial Day and experienced truly wonderful service. I had been craving an oreo milkshake and was determined to get it (without splurging on other items) and when our office staff decided to make the short walk here, I had planned to be good and wait until later when I could get what I really wanted somewhere else. However, I noticed they had fresh vanilla ice cream. I also noticed they had fresh oreos used for some of their chocolates (in separate cases). To my dismay, there was no oreo or any similar variation of ice cream flavor. So I asked the very nice woman behind the counter if she could combine them and create a custom milkshake (there was too much temptation ok!!!). She said yes!! She told me she'd never done it before but would make it and it was amazing. It was definitely more tasty than the quick milkshakes you can get elsewhere and I can't wait to go back and have another!
3	Picking out a hostess gift can be a difficult task, so I figured who doesn't love chocolate? I selected about 15 different truffles and two for myself. I tried the goat cheese and peanut butter truffles. The goat cheese was very disappointing. I didn't even detect a hint of goat cheese, it was all chocolate (the chocolate was good but I wanted the goat cheese flavor too). The peanut butter one on the other hand was very good. The smooth combination of peanut butter and chocolate was an equal blend of flavor and the crushed peanuts additionally gave it a good texture.
4	The chocolate here is almost took beautiful to eat!! Lavender chocolate!! Whoa you could really taste the flavor. We tried the hot chocolate truffle, the lavender, and the chili chocolate. All were great. Surprised at how spicey the chili truffle actually was. Mam behind the counter offered us lots of recommendations. In total 3 pieces cost $5.40 by weight. Which is pricey yes but worth it for the quality you are getting.
