5	Wow!  I was so impressed with this company.  The bid was in line with other bids that we received.  When they began the work they found that it was going to be a lot more involved than they thought,  They were up front and honest about the additional services needed.  They offered us the chance to get more bids based on the issues they found.  We went with them (again) to replace our roof.  I cannot tell you how happy we were with that decision.  This company is friendly, professional, and knowledgeable.  The quality of work was excellent.  I would definitely go with this company again.
5	just had my complex of 4 townhouses done by this company and it was amazing!!!!!! the old roof had major leak and damage issues. The work was done sooner than I expected and it was done with better quality then other companies I have used on my other homes.They kept in contact with me 100% of the way during the job, they were honest in their work and pricing for the job. Everyone that worked on this was very friendly including the staff I talked to over the phone. Would recommend to anyone needing roof repairs!!
5	Awesome! Just Awesome!!!!
5	Right Way Roofing was fantastic! Kevin came out and inspected our roof and provided us affordable options for repairs. He was able to seal the leaks right on the spot as a temporary repair, which was great! He was very friendly and we love supporting local, family owned businesses. Thanks for helping keep us dry Kevin & Right Way!
1	I had my roof worked on in 2014 by Right Way roofing; they installed poor building materials they used a damaged beat-up 2x4 board instead of installing new wood. They used wood patch filler to fix the damaged wood areas of the board.  The 2x4 board should have not been used because it was damaged badly.  Another alternative would have been for the company to flip the board over to hide all the damaged wood but that was not done either. The company obviously does not take pride in the quality of work they do or they would have caught this problem and also I had to ask to have several other problems corrected and re-worked as well. When a new roof is installed only new good quality building materials should be used but they were not and wood filler should never be used to fix large areas of damaged wood.  Please checkout the BBB because there are other complaints for this company as well.
