5	This location is a bit hidden. The first time I came here I thought my GPS has lost it's mind because I drove around the parking lot.  It's adjacent to the QT Station and in a corner next to a nail salon and a Panda Express.  When I was growing up I went with my Mom to her salon and got my hair cut by the same woman who would shampoo my Mom, put her hair in rollers and put her under one of those big dryers that came down over your head and made you feel like you were in a space suit. There were no TV's, no games, no nothing.  If I wanted something to do I brought a book to read.  Oh have times have changed.  Cool cuts has Xboxes set up, a TV, and TV's at every station so the kids can watch movies or play a game while they get their hair cut.  My daughter does not want to go anywhere else.  I can't say I blame her.  We have walked in and never had to wait more than 20 mins, which is pretty darn good for a walk in on a Saturday afternoon.  And not only do they cut the kids hair but they do adults too.  And at a resonable price, not the usual $50 - $100 you pay at a major salon. The stylists are good too.  My daughter's hair always looks great!  I would highly recommend Kristie.  She cut my hair today too and she did an amazing job!  My daughter continued to play her game while I got my hair cut.  On your receipt, you get a coupon good for $2 off your next visit too.  It was $18 for my haircut!!  When money is super tight, it's good to know I can still get a decent hair cut.  Thank you Kristie and Cool Cuts 4 Kids!!
5	I took my 18 month old son in for his first hair cut. I called ahead for an appointment. They take their last appointments 30 minutes before closing, and seem pretty strict about the time. A family walked in at 7:05 and were turned away. My son sat in a toy car, they have personal tvs set up and movies to choose from to watch. I suppose you could also bring your own dvd in if you aren't sure what they have. We watched Ice Age 2. The stylist talked with me about what I wanted done, and it seemed she really listened. I was afraid I would bring him in and they would start snipping. My son has long hair, I wanted nothing more than a trim. My son did not want to stay put and started squirming a lot. The stylist was very patient, she gave him some toys and spoke to him nicely. She asked me if he could have a lollipop, that helped a little bit. The cut was just the way I wanted it. They gave us a "my first haircut" kit, and a lock of his hair. I think it was about $16 for the cut. I was also impressed that the stylist was so patient seeing that we were the last appointment of the day. If I take him for any more hair cuts, vs doing them at home, I will probably take him back here, and ask for the same stylist - Jessica.
4	I took my 8 yr old twin girls here for cuts. They were nervous but Kristi was very kind and made them feel better. Thanks Kristi.
5	It's pricier than supercuts or great clips, but they're kid friendly and we always get a super cut from Kristi. My daughter loves the princess station!
5	My son and daughter both get thier hair cut here and they always do an excellent job. I keep going back!
4	Update-MAKE AN APPOINTMENT! I was there for 2 hours today because we didn't have an appointment and I was the first one there. They make you wait a long time if you don't have an appointment.
3	Cute little place, easy enough to get in same day, and stylist was very accommodating to keeping my little girl's length.  She asked me if I wanted x amount off to cut off broken ends, then showed me how much it was after the first snip.  I was welcomed to photograph our first salon experience and she, Kristi, did an adorable braid in my daughters hair which flawlessly hid the growing out bangs.My complaints are that the bathroom did not have a child sized toilet and here is the big one: I asked over the phone whether they wash hair at a bowl or just spray it wet and she told me that whatever worked for the child.  When we were there I said my LO would be fine with the bowl wash if it made the haircut better... only to find out AFTER the fact that it was an extra $3.  Needless to say that came out of her tip.We might go back, but honestly, it wasn't anything I couldn't do at home like I've been doing all along
5	Kristie and Annie were fantastic with my kids! I had taken my daughter to SnipIt's in the past and it was okay. But I figured I'd try something different because my older child needed a hair cut as well. This place is awesome and caters to both my 7 yo and my 4 yo. Will definitely be back! They treated my kids with respect, actually let them watch FUN stuff (my son played Spongebob and my daughter watched Dora), and they actually have a play area with a train table and lego table in the waiting area. SnipIts didn't have any sort of toys for the kids, save the toys for sale. This is now our regular salon!
1	Don't go here. Lady was extremely rude when we walked in 2 minutes after 6. She stated they'd changed their hours from closing at 7 pm two months ago. Then she rudely said, there's a sign on the door. I was there to get my nephew's fist hair cut. She was unwilling to accommodate us or at least crack a smile.
