5	Yum! My husband picked this up for  dinner tonight, so I didn't see the place on the inside.  But the food was fantastic.  Chicken Lo Mein, wonderful with fresh vegetables.  Vegetable fried rice was also full of fresh vegetables, broccoli, snap peas, yum!  My husband loved the Kung Pao Chicken, his favorite dish.  But the best was the spicy shrimp, absolutely divine!  The best chinese food I have had in a long time.
5	I love this place..... cheap quality chinese food... everything i've had there is good. When they label an item as spicy, it is actually spicy! There lunch specials are an awesome deal. 5 or 6 bucks for a plate of food, soup and fried wonton chips.love it!
5	This is just a great local restaurant. Been going here for almost 20 years and have never been disappointed.  Lunches are the best deal in NE Phoenix.
3	This place used to be one of my favorite lunch spots when I lived in the area. Last night, a friend and I decided to revisit Little Peking for dinner. Unfortunately, it might have been an off night. The garlic chicken was lackluster (and a bit chewy) and her shrimp in lobster sauce was overcooked. The Wonton Soup is all of the wonton ingredients dumped into broth, rather than the delightful packets of fun I've come to expect when I order this. It seemed a bit half-hearted.Service was minimal, but it was polite. Prices at dinner are about $9-$14 a dish.
4	The restaurant is in our neighborhood. Good food and I pretty sure it is MSG free. I usually get ill after eating MSG laced foods, but not a prob here. The food is good. I love the veggie fried rice.
5	My family and I have been eating here for at least the last decade. We always order the "house special dinner." This includes soup, egg rolls, chicken wings and several entrees depending on the size of your group. I can't speak for the other dishes but the ones we get with this are always superb. The restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside but I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	Had this last night for dinner. It was pretty good! The rice was nice and fluffy unlike some places you get slightly hard rice from it being overcooked or old. I live right next door so I look forward to becoming a repeat customer. Only thing is that no one delivers around here!
2	I really don't know how this place has such great reviews. I walked in on Friday night to order takeout. I waited at the bar/counter area for about 10 minutes with maybe 5 other people all waiting to order take out or pick up. It seemed very chaotic for the one woman behind the counter taking orders, fetching them, and ringing them out. It looked like she was even serving on the floor at times. The food took about 20-25 minutes once my order was placed. Prices were okay, but the food wasn't anything to write home about. I got Hot & Sour Soup (nice and spicy) and Mongolian Beef (a weird light brown color...).As for ambiance, it definitely has that feel of chinese restaurants from the 90's.
4	Fried rice and duck is awesome!
3	Little Peking is a terrific little mom-and-pop Chinese restaurant. The decor reminds me of family restaurants that were popular in the late 1970s and early 1980s. It's definitely outdated, yet comfortable and appropriate for families, at the same time. The service was quick and as friendly as it could be considering the language barrier. The lunch plates are filled with more than ample portions and include an egg drop soup appetizer and fried won tons. My friend's vegetable plate was good and my house chicken special was moist and flavorful. We both enjoyed the rice but the egg rolls had an odd tasting spice that neither of us could identify. The price was right, for sure!  Lunch for two was just under $12 (plus tax and tip.)  I will definitely consider visiting Little Peking again in the future. I love that it's a locally owned business and my dollars are going to help support a local family.
4	Came in for lunch here yesterday.  I ordered the House Special chicken.  The egg drop soup was gross ( I am not a fan of that stuff anyway though, everyone else there was eating theirs and seemed to like it), but they give you the little wonton strips with it and some sweet and sour sauce for dipping so that was a plus.  The House Special chicken was dark meat that is breaded and then sliced and served with the thin soy/garlic sauce.  Even though it was breaded then sliced (not my preference), I found myself really enjoying the chicken.  The egg roll was ok, nothing to write home about.  The fried rice was kind of a joke - no veggies in it, just some sad-looking egg.  The House Special was good enough to make me come back for it though.
5	My favorite Chinese food in the valley! I may be a little bias because I've been coming here for almost 9 years, it's right next to my barbershop as well. The sun devil chicken is my favorite dish hands down. I love spicy! So delicious chicken soaked in jalapenos and various other flavors. I could eat it everyday for the rest of my life. I'm also a huge fan of the Mongolian beef, but you really can't go wrong with any dish at this place. Sometimes it's nice to go in and grab a table or sit at the bar. Very quiet nice atmosphere. The staff will remember you if you go in frequently! Great people, great food, great service.
4	Stopped in for lunch. Nothing fancy about the dining room, but it was clean and the service was prompt and friendly.  Daughter had chicken fried rice and I had the kung pao chicken and shrimp. Very tasty, nice big shrimp, for a lunch portion, and not to much oil used in the prep. Very good flavor. No upcharge for white meat in either of our meals. The only thing I'd say was a wee bit of a disappointment, the fried rice didnt have the usual peas and carrots. Some maybe would like that, we would have preferred them to be included.Overall a good meal and a reasonable price.
4	I love this hole in the wall place!!!!!!! Their sizzling rice soup is amazing! But be sure to get $2 extra rice with it.
3	Big bummer since we live nearby. The food is pretty good, BUT, it was lukewarm. I really wanted to microwave it. We had 6 entrees, so maybe that was part of it? The orange chicken was tasty but barely any spice (and it had an asterisk warning). I was  so glad that the chicken was well cut so it didn't have any fatty parts or grossness. Staff is friendly, place is clean. I'll try the food again.
4	I was in the area and hungry for Chibese. This place looked a little basic on the outside so I read some yelp reviews which were pretty good. Excellent orange chicken , plus delicious meat dumplings, plus good service. Pretty fair prices too. Glad I stopped here.
3	The 1970's were a great time, Disco was king, bell bottoms were the pinnacle of fashion and Little Peking had a cutting edge interior design.  Not it just seems retro chic minus the chik.The menu is full of authentic american Chinese dishes with thick sauces and mild spices. We had the black tree mushrooms with bamboo shoots and snow peas, spicy bean curd, and egg foo young.   All of which were decent cooked well and drowned in thick sauces. The flavors were mild and offensive. This is the Chinese food that grandma remembers. Service was a bit off but it was the 25th of Dec they were busy and I imagine their A crew had the day off.
4	All the debate on Chinese food in the valley gets tiring. Sure we may not have the options some bigger more culturally astute metropolis' offer, but we have a plethora of little spots like this, sequestered away in the seas of stripmalls that dominate the vast swathes of phoenix's urban sprawl. I came here on Xmas day with my brother, sister, mother and sister-in-law and I would say we were all pleasantly surprised. Little Peking is your standard American style Chinese fare, you'll see all the usual suspects; almond chicken, kung pao, lo mein, moo goo gai pan, sweet and sour, twice cooked, well you get the picture. Despite the lack of "authenticity" (and I say that in quotes because who the hell am I, a white dude, to question whether or not a dish made by some one of Chinese descent is authentic) everything we ordered was darn good. Not overly greasy, the fried items being lightly breaded with only white meat used; I genuinely liked Little Peking's version of twice cooked chicken more than the Chinese delivery place I regularly order from in my hood. Whats more is that their lunch menu was insanely cheap, we paid about $20 for a party of four. Little Peking is a solid option for those in the area, give them a shot.
4	I love small hole-in-the-wall family restaurants, and this is one of those gems. Wonderful old restaurant with good food and the staff was delightful.
4	As an east coaster looking for an equal to Chinese food back in Boston this place is the best I've found so far. The service is slow and awkward but the food is good. The sauce that comes on the BBQ pork is out of this world. If you're an east coaster searching for duck sauce this is a great substitute. I'd give 5 stars but it's not Boston Chinese food.
5	They have all the typical chinese/American dishes.  Great service.  It's my go to when I have a craving for chinese food.  Love the generals beef, house lo mien, house special chicken and my son loves the Mongolian beef.  Staff is really friendly, as well.
4	Great food- It looks a little sketchy from the outside but the meal I had was really good. Everything was fresh and hot.
4	I really enjoy coming here for the lunch specials. My two favorites are the house special chicken, and the twice cooked chicken, very tasty. This spot might be overlooked but I am glad I gave Little Peking a chance. I have been coming back frequently for the great food.
4	Attentive server.I had seen this place for years but never felt compelled to eat here. I thin the building used to be pink and may have looked a little questionable... We decided to try it one day we were craving Chinese food. To out surprise the shopping center was remodeled and looked more inviting. The service was great, very attentive. We enjoyed the food. I had the hot and sour soup and hubby had spicy szechuan chicken.Our server suggested for me to add rice to the soup, which is something I like to do with other soups but it never occurred to me to add rice to a hot and sour soup. : )                           I appreciated the recommendations.
3	It's pretty mediocre Chinese, borderline not good. Would go back for the dumplings though! Don't speak great English; I love that!
4	They have the best orange chicken in the area!  Huge portion size, white meat chicken with light breading. I ordered it 'extra spicy' and it had a nice little kick to it. Just a little. That's all I've eaten  here so far...but will be back to try more dishes...
5	I really love this place! The food is excellent and the service is super friendly. By far the best Moo Shu Pork I've ever had. The interior is dated, like stepping into a time machine, but I go there for the food and service, not the ambience of the place. I also feel comforted by the "A" health inspection rating they have posted near the register because I have certainly been in my fair share of shady Asian restaurants. If you want great American-style Chinese food, this is the place to go.
1	Sorry guys, but 3.5 hours spent waiting for food that was borderline mediocre simply isn't acceptable. I realize it was Christmas and you were obviously overwhelmed, but our first experience there did not leave a good impression at all. I simply hope we caught you on a bad night.
1	Do yourself a favor and drive 1/4 mi down 32nd and go eat at Sala Thai, you'll thank me. So the story starts about a year ago I ordered takeout. It was over cooked, dry and barely edible. Pretty much threw it out. That was my first experience, should have learned my lesson.So I gave it a second chance this New Years 2014. I figured they will be busy, so a good chance the food will be fresh and hot. So I called, ordered my food and the woman on the phone said 45min, then before I hung up said better make that an hour. I had no problem with that, it was New Years. So I showed up pretty much an hour after I called. As I entered I noticed no one was at the counter, so I waited a few minutes. A woman comes out from the back with a cart to clear and clean tables. Walks to the table right next to me and just looks at me and smiles and goes about clearing the table. Mind you, no one was waiting for a table. About halfway thru clearing the table she asks me if I'm here to pick up food, i said yes. She said OK, and went back to clearing and cleaning the table. She finishes the 1 table, and then proceeds to go clear and clean a second table, still no one waiting for a table. She finishes the second table and pushes the cart full of dishes to the back, talks to some other waitress and then pushes the cart back into the kitchen and disappears. So I've been standing at the counter for close to 15min at this point. By the way, the restaurant had maybe 7 tables with people. Not slammed, and still no one waiting for a table.Now there are 4 people waiting for take out, finally they start paying attention to us. I finally get my food, 1h 25m after I ordered.I head back to the house(1mi away) and we sit down to eat. We ordered Generals Chicken, Mu Shu Pork, pot stickers.The chicken was dry, with very little sauce. Basically didn't eat it.The Mu Shu was greasy, lacked flavor. Ate about half of it.The dumplings are clearly pre-made, so they are greasy, the dough is undercooked, and meat is unrecognizable paste. Ate about half of the order.I believe based on some of the reviews this place may have had good food, but the owners are older and have lost the drive to make great food. They are clearly buying pre-made food and just reheating it, or cooking it. You can tell they don't really make anything fresh any longer. I will NEVER eat here again, and will tell anyone who will listen to avoid this restaurant at all costs.
