5	Are you looking to make yourself feel wonderful and look great?Look no further - Volume Salon will treat you the way you need to be treated. After a trip to Volume Salon I not only feel rejuvenated but, I have people stopping me on the street, in the mall, at work, everywhere I go asking me where I get my hair done. My stylist, Maria listens to me and creates a look each and everytime that complements my personality, mood and face shape. The salon staff and stylists are personable, accommodating and knowledgeable. Maria takes pride in her work and truly cares about me and all of her clients. Through the years she has provided me not just great service but, has truly been a great friend. Volume Salon offers a variety of services which I have had the pleasure of indulging myself in - hair cut, color and style, eyelash extensions and last but not least, a facial. I have lived in Charlotte for over 10 years, I searched and searched for salons and went to many that left me unsatisfied. Since finding Volume Salon I have not only been a client for almost 5 years but, I have referred many friends and family members that are now longtime Volume Salon clients as well. Try it for yourself and soon people will be asking you about your new look!!!
5	It is positively frightening for a woman (or a guy as well I suppose) to change their stylist. When my stylist moved out of state I tried out Volume upon the recommendation from a friend and I will never go anywhere else for a haircut! Dena is fantastic, she really takes note of the style that you are hoping to achieve, makes great recommendations and is just really sweet in general. I highly recommend Volume for their haircare. I've also had a great eyebrow wax here, too! The prices are moderate for the Uptown area - hey, it's worth paying a bit more for a great cut!**Update: As of May 2010, tips are cash only!
4	I've become an Aveda die-hard over the last 10 years but I am staying in corporate housing at Camden Cotton Mills so I decided to give Volume a try since I couldn't beat the location (right below).  Dena nailed the color I was going for, the products smell great and it's low key.  Not only that, she gave me a $10 referral card so now my husband has an incentive to get his next cut there.
5	I had to update my review after my visit today.  I am completely incompetent when it comes to explaining the color I want.  I tried to explain the slight change I wanted to make to Dena in about 2 sentences and some how she nailed it again!  The color is completely gorgeous.  Unbelievable.  If you aren't walking out of your salon with a gorgeous color, you owe it to yourself to book a color with Dena.
5	After going to a different salon for four years in Charlotte, I decided I wanted a new stylist.  Two very stylish friends of mine both go to Volume Salon, so I decided to try it out.  I absolutely loved the salon, my stylist Dena, and my haricut!  When I went in I explained what I didn't like about the last cut I received and she was able to fix it in a snap (...or a snip?!)  It was so easy to describe what I was hoping for to such an expert.  It's a little pricey as far as standard cuts go, but to me it was well worth it.  I will absolutely be back to see Dena soon!
4	I went to this salon based on several recommendations. It had been months since I had my haircut and man did I need it! I was with Natalie and she was great! Asked lots of questions, made suggestions and was also an equal amount of chatty. She didnt try to push product which is great because that is always a weird moment. I will be going in a few weeks to have some new color and highlights done. I would recommend them for sure.
5	Get an appointment at Volume for some EXCELLENT hair care!I've been through a few stylist here before ending up with co-owner Maria. I'm so glad I've stuck through the stylist cycling! Maria works miracles on my hair. We've found the perfect high-light/low-light combination that leaves me feeling great each time I leave the salon. She listens and really creates a great cut and color that has me leaving the salon glowing. I love that the salon keep all of your info (color, cut, etc) on file - believe me it's such a luxury if you've never been to a salon before that does this.Important to share - please don't forget that the policy is tips may be paid in cash only. In case you forget, there's a CVS around the corner with a SunTrust Bank ATM (complete with friendly non-SunTrust customer ATM fee) in it. CVS used to offer cash back, but I think they've done away with that (thanks a lot Panther's tailgaters).All the girls at the salon are so sweet. They're always eager to offer a magazine or glass of wine and can always find that perfect balance of personal vs. general chit chat. Oh, and the shampoo.... perfection!! So relaxing. I've overheard so many customers mention they almost fell asleep during the shampoo. Keep doing what you're doing ladies of Volume salon!
5	I had just moved from DC and had a stylist who I was in love with.  I'm really picky about my hair and I didn't know where to go.  I chose Volume based off the Yelp reviews and I was pleasantly surprised.  I was able to get an appointment the next day with Dena, who was wonderful.  She did exactly what I asked (I came in with the exact products and directions from my stylist) and then spent extra time showing me how to curl my hair in a way that was still trendy but took less than 10 minutes.  She was so sweet and sociable, listened to everything I said, and the prices were very reasonable!  They even gave me change for the parking meter because I didn't know that there was no free parking in the area which was a huge bonus!
4	I went to Volume Salon after months of dragging my feet to find a new stylist.  I made an appointment with co-owner Maria.  The receptionist, Amber, was very polite on the phone and promptly greeted me when I came in.  She offered me a drink and made sure I was comfortable.  Maria came to get me from the waiting area right on time and did a consultation about what I want and what would be good for my hair.  I was slightly disappointed that she didn't recommend anything new and fun, she just said she liked my current haircut and would stick with that.  The shampoo was fantastic and the haircut went well.  Once again, it was nothing exciting; it was what I came in with, just a little shorter.  The best part of this salon is the thought that was put into the customer experience.  Drinks are offered to you throughout your appointment, the place is spotless, and a couple days later, Amber called to make sure I still liked my haircut.  My favorite part was at the end when Maria gave me a sheet listing all the products she used on my hair plus I got a free sample of some of the product!  Overall, I had a pretty good experience and I'll probably be returning soon.
5	I found Volume Salon via Yelp and because of other reviews knew to ask for Maria.  I gotta say it... She's AMAZING!I travel for work and am weary of getting my haircut on the road.  I got a full color, partial highlights and a haircut and I'm ECSTATIC with all three.  She asked a lot of questions to absolutely make sure I was happy.  She is very personable and easy to chat with (I don't usually talk much while at the salon) and she made sure that I walked out that door happy.  I wish she could travel everywhere with me!  Not like I needed it, but just to prove that I got a great hair style?  About ten minutes I walked out the door I got complimented on my hair from a complete stranger.Go see Maria and you most DEFINITELY will not be disappointed!
4	Thanks for the recommendation, Nicole W! So far, so good and with each visit Dena is getting to know my hair better and better, which makes me more confident and less nervous. I'm always nervous about going to a new stylist  (historically written in almost every salon review), but it's true, if you like someone's hair, ask where she gets it done. Dena spent time asking about my hair and listening to what I like. Don't be afraid to bring in photos of what you want. Even after the first time I got my haircut, it wasn't exactly what I wanted...so Dena had me come back in for more shaping. She was happy to do it and she and her staff didn't make me feel badly at all. I went in for another cut and color and this time the end result was spot on! It takes a while to get into a groove with a new stylist; we're getting into a groove and I'm happy with the results so far. Recommend your friends and both of you get $10 off your appointment. Score! They also offer massages and eyelash extensions. Staff is friendly and they offer you beverages for the overall pampering experience. They accept credit cards for service, but cash only for tip. You can meter park on the street or in a lot or they offer free parking around the corner in a garage (limited to 4 spaces). If your appointment is on the weekend, no worries to park it on the street near the entrance.
1	Terrible customer service,small boutique style salon trying to pull off massages in a make shift closet
5	I followed my stylist, Emily, to Volume after she moved from another salon. She's great - the best haircut I've ever had. I like the salon a lot also. All are friendly and it's a nice atmosphere. Small but comfortable and open. Convenient to Uptown Charlotte offices too.
3	After reading all of the reviews, I was super excited to try Volume--I had just moved here from Boston, was having a hard time deciding on a salon and Ill admit it, their website looked great--but I must say this was one of the first times Yelp has led me wrong. Ok haircut.Ok salon.Kind of dirty.When I first called, I asked to have their most senior stylist. I was told they only have 2 levels (1 Junior stylist, or the 2 owners.) Only having 3 stylists seemed odd, but trusting the reviews on Yelp, I moved forward and booked an appt with one of the owners.During my appt I was the only person in the salon, other than the receptionist and stylist, which was also a little odd. In my opinion, I honestly couldn't tell I got a hair cut. I also asked for my bangs to be trimmed in the style they were already in, just shorten them up a bit. It took me maybe 4 tries of her cutting and me trying to explain what I wanted, before I just gave in and opted to just eave them as is, or else risk being butchered. Overall, everyone WAS super friendly. My experience in the salon was great. I just wasn't happy with the cut and ultimately thats what will make me a client.
5	fabulous service from a fabulous team! :) best blow out in charlotte! :) maria, emily and amber are the bestest!! :)
5	I've probably been to Maria 4 or 5 times now and I plan to see her from now on. What sets her above any other stylist I've seen in the area is consistency. She does a great job with cut and color each time and I have always left happy. I have very thick and course hair  that requires quite a bit of layering and texturizing. But if done incorrectly, it gets frizzy. She manages to style it in a way that is workable for me long after I've left the salon. I've gotten a lot of compliments on my hair after seeing Maria and the quality of her cuts is much better - more skilled - than others in this area. It's a bit of a hike for me to get there from the 'burbs and after a major traffic delay, I decided I needed to stick closer to home. A couple attempts at other well respected salons, and two horrible haircuts later, I've decided the service I get there is worth the trip and I'll make a better to effort to schedule around non-peak I-85 traffic hours. The salon is modern but completely unpretentious. There's a description of product with an obvious willingness to sell - but no real push there. A glass of wine to sip while waiting on the color is a nice bonus as is the receptionist who will pay  the meter for you if you park on the street. Other comments have said the salon is pricey, but I've been to more expensive salons even up in Cabarrus County. For the quality of the cut and the products, I was actually pleased with the pricing. I will say that the cash gratuity only policy can be inconvenient if you don't tend to carry cash... but that's such a minor and avoidable inconvenience.
5	I don't know if I can say much that hasn't already been said. Volume is fantastic. I typically see Dena, and she always cuts my hair perfectly. I've also had Emily cut me a couple of times when Dena was out, and she does just as great of a job. Everyone is super nice and welcoming, and Amber always offers a drink when people first come in. She even laughs when I use the same "Whiskey sour, please" joke over and over again - I appreciate her humoring me (ha). Anyway, go there - you'll be glad you did.
5	Dena is hands-down the best stylist I have ever been to in Charlotte, or any other city! I went to Dena loyally for 5 years and recently moved to Manhattan. I strongly encourage anyone new to Charlotte or looking for a change to visit Volume salon! All of the ladies are highly talented and wonderful people in general. I think one of the main reasons I stayed in Charlotte as long as I did was the fear of leaving Dena! She is a miracle worker :) Also, Tina is a wonderful massasue and waxer!
5	Love this salon! I've been coming here for 5 years and Maria is my girl! I love the staff and the environment is both trendy and fun. It's a great place to escape and be pampered. I feel beautiful when I leave and I'm always getting complimented on my haircut and color. I'm so glad I found a salon home here! Look no further ladies and gents!
5	I know judging by my profile pic you might ask herself why write a review on a Salon,but that's not really me.  Volume is the only people that I will let cut my mop, and they do it so well. Highly recommend them.
1	I called two weeks ago to make an appointment as a new client because I work nearby in 3rd Ward. The only stylist available was a master stylist, and I was told a ladies' haircut with the master stylist would be $90 - that's $30 more even than what the Volume Salon website claims!$90 for a haircut in Charlotte NC is outrageous, no matter how great it looks. I wear mine short, and have it cut every 6-8 weeks. That's $585 to $780 per year I would spend on haircuts here. I sure hope the scissors are made of gold.
5	Emily cut and colored my hair yesterday and I'm so happy with it! I keep wandering into the bathroom to look at it! Emily listened to what I wanted and executed perfectly and the color is spot on.
5	In my search of finding the best walkable spots from my Uptown apartment, I came across Volume on Yelp when looking for somewhere nearby to get a trim. I called to see if they had availability on Wednesday morning, and to my delight there was an opening that afternoon!There are three styles of stylists based on experience- I chose the medium level (senior). I arrived and was greeted by someone who turned out to be Emily, my stylist! I explained the situation and what I wanted- thanks to color, a flat iron and the mistake of cutting bangs a little over a year ago, I have some odd broken pieces of hair that haven't blended in quite right for the past several months. Although it is growing out, I always assume my stylist will rag on me for the heat damage and tell me I'm a lost cause. Not Emily!My cut was perfect and she knew exactly where to part my hair, complimented me on my color (I'm growing out my natural honey-shade of blonde, which blends with the lighter, faux blonde) and asked whether I had gotten the ombre professionally done. Hello, best compliment ever! She also asked what products I was using (all professional, organic) and told me everything I was doing was perfect- I really appreciate it when stylists don't push product on me or tell me whatever they need to in order to make an additional sale. Now I was even more impressed and ended up purchasing a styling serum and travel-sized hairspray to test it out. Volume has a huge variety of Bumble & Bumble, so I highly recommend heading here for products, too.Stylists like Emily give me hope that not every haircut is scary... I left the salon and didn't feel the need to wash my hair immediately and restyle it. A+!
5	Fabulous experience! Laura was kind and easy to talk to. She cut my hair exactly how I asked her and did not cut corners when styling my hair at the end. She washed, cut, and styled my thick & long hair in one hour for $45! I usually pay $60 + tip to get my haircut and styled wavy. Due to the length and thickness of my hair, stylists usually just put a mouse in my hair and blow dry it 75% dry. Not Laura! She took her time to blow-dry my hair completely and flat iron it. What a treat!!!
5	I was in town for a wedding and my daughter made me an appointment with Emily Cook, always risky when you've had one person style your hair for years. I was so impressed with Emily, I believe I received the best haircut of my life! She listened and with meticulous precision breathed life into my hair. I am loving my new cut and only disappointed that I live in another state!
5	Dena, one of the owners, has been doing my husband's hair for years. When I moved here I decided to try it. Dena is amazing. In fact I got my hair trimmed, a clear glaze and styled the same day as our rehearsal. I got so many compliments and it held up all day! Definitely will be returning and am a loyal customer!!
4	Had my first cut and highlights with Maria recently. All is can say is...fabulous! I liked the laid back vibe of the salon. Maria took her time and asked about specifics that I liked and disliked about my cut and color before we got started which I appreciated. Great experience. Highly recommend the salon.
5	I'd gone to the same stylist for years and I was really anxious and hesitant when it came to finding a new one, since I moved. My hair is, I think, very difficult to cut properly. It's thick and coarse and is wavy and just all over the place. I usually try a new stylist out requesting just a trim and I see how that goes. It usually goes badly. On top of that, I tend to dislike the idle and, let's face it, fake chatter that goes on in salons. I'm a horrible and picky person, okay??? I own it.I read the reviews for Volume and I really liked the photos of haircuts they had on the website. I made an appointment with Emily, knowing I wanted to go for something drastic this time. I wanted to chop 7 or so inches off my hair. I was feeling bold. Making the appointment was easy. I wasn't able to specify which stylist I wanted, but I went off of the price of the appointment and the stylist price listed on the website.Emily was awesome. I didn't know what style I wanted exactly, but I told her how my hair tends to behave, what my relevant habits were, and things like "I love my flat iron, but I don't like my round face... or my round other things.." She knew exactly what I meant in each case and we took a few quick minutes to flip through some magazines. I told her what I liked and didn't like, and together we created a look. It was awesome. It was definitely a great experience at Volume and I highly recommend Emily's expertise and skill!
5	Fabulous Salon!  Susan has been my stylist for 15 years, she is amazing! So amazing I drive 5 1/2 hours to get my hair beautified! Let your hair be her Canvas, she can paint a masterpiece!!! Highly recommended!
5	Great salon!  Susan is awesome!  She has been doing my hair almost 15 years. I drive 5 1/2 hours to see her now that she is in charlotte. I'm a hairstylist also and she's the only one I trust with my hair. Great bunch of stylist!
