2	==Reasons Why Nobody Goes To Rollero Anymore==1. No Roller Derby.2. Ever-permeating smell of stale sweat and negligence. 3. No Roller Derby.4. A  dress code reminiscent of an overzealous public school (no muscle shirts, no skirts, no hoodies, no hats or headgear of any kind, boys can't wear makeup and girls can't wear baggy jeans).  5.  No Roller Derby.6. Rules and Regulations, Puritan-Style. No touching, no going ahead of people, no laughter, no dancing. Name calling is prohibited unless you are alerting the staff to the presence of a witch. Or a boy in makeup. Egad! And No Gayness Of Any Sort! (Think I'm kidding? Try and hold hands with someone of the same sex.)7. No Roller Derby.8. An absence of recent movies featuring compelling roller-skating protagonists may have contributed to the overall disinterest in roller-skating.9. No fucking Roller Derby.10. The Eatza Pizza that used to be across the street has since moved.
2	I was going to give this place three stars and then realized there really isn't any reason to.  While it is cheap ($6 the night we went, with free nachos and soda), in this case you get what you pay for.The rink surface was nice, but the roller skates were crappy, and the back of the place smelled like urine.  There is also no air-conditioning, just fans.If you really want to go skating and are looking for an adventure, give it a shot.  If you're looking for a classy date spot, keep looking.
4	I think Rollero's been paying attention.I made up my mind to never go here based on Yelp and Yahoo reviews.  It sounded like the skeeviest of skeeveholes.It wasn't.Though far from perfect, it was clean.  The bathrooms could use a remodel, but they were well-maintained.  The place is older and the seating area is smallish, but if you managed to dodge the crazy herds of sugar-high spawns, it's livable.  The food is crap, but then, it's a roller rink--if you're going for the food, you deserve what you get.  It was also a decent temperature, so they either got AC, or managed to find a swamp cooler that actually works.The rules appear to have been revised as well.  There were several same-sex couples holding hands and even showing more...ahem...aggressive affection (a caveat, though--these were teenagers, and I'm convinced several of these "couples" were actually advertising for heterosexual nookie).  I don't think there was anyone there who wasn't wearing baggy pants, except me, and I was in booty shorts.I do wish they had actually enforced several rules, though--like don't be an effing douche and text while you skate, or don't be an effing douche and cut people off just because your testicles are finally descending and you can't control yourself.  Mostly, don't be an effing douche.I also wish they had lockers, or better yet, a bag check system (those lockers are pieces of crap, anyway).  I'm a grownup, and if someone steals my cell phone, no one's gonna buy me a new one when I'm done crying.Overall, it's good.  Not fabulous, but if you have kids, probably a good place to go.  On the other hand, if you're allergic to children, don't torture yourself.  I love kids, and I was ready to feed some of these little bastards a hot dog full of rat poison by the end of the session.Oh, and there's still no roller derby.  Fail.  But you can't win 'em all, right?
