5	This place is fantastic!
4	It took nearly 20 minutes for me to get my sub but overall great food and friendly staff. Ill definitely be back
2	First time I've been to this location, second time trying Firehouse Subs. The sandwiches are awesomely amazingly deliciously tasty. Then why the 2 stars, you ask? Service. I'm not an impatient person, or one to complain about service, but my experience today just struck a nerve. I know this place hasn't been open long, and they still have kinks to work out, so I will, of course, update this review as seems fit with my next visit.I placed my order online and it gave me a pickup time of 20 minutes later (1:03pm). I showed up at 1:05pm and was welcomed by all 10+ employees shouting "welcome to Firehouse!" I approached the cashier and was told (by I *think* a manager) it would be another 4-5 minutes. Okay, that's fine. I check out the cool Coke machine and then take a seat right in front of the counter to wait. And wait. And wait. A few other people come in, order their food, receive their food, and leave. I'm still waiting. It's 10 minutes later (1:15pm by then) and I tell the manager (or whatever he was - he seemed to be directing others what to do) that I'm still waiting for my order. He looks over to the 6+ people in the prep area and asks "how is that fax order doing?" One employee says "oh, it's here" and pulls it off the back counter and hands it to him. He gives me the bag and says "here you go." No apology, no thank you, no have-a-good-day, nothing. So in essence, it took 40 minutes from the time I placed my order until I received it. The purpose of ordering online was so that I DIDN'T have to wait.The problem, I think, is that there are way too many employees standing around all at once. I'm sure they have their reasons, but it just doesn't seem that communication between the 10+ of them is smooth. I sure hope future visits make up for this one.
3	I'd never heard of this place until I stumbled upon it today. The "established by firefighters" sign tug at my heartstrings, so I had to stop in. It's a few days post the 10th Anniversary of 9/11, after all. Everyone who walks through the door is greated by every available employee shouting "Welcome to Firehouse!" And they did a fair job of making it look a bit like a firehouse. There was some (artificial) exposed red brick, a large rescue scene mural, numerous firefighter photos, jackets and pants, etc. It's a brightly decorated in red, white and black and even has dalmation-motif tabletops. (There's also a lone TV for those who care, but the volume was down to nothing.) Outdoor seating with umbrellas and misters is available if you're up for watching Indian School traffic drive by. The cashier was quick to educate me they toast only the buns. The meats and cheeses are steamed to 140 degrees to retain the flavor, and I'd have to agree that it did. I had the Italian (Genoa, pepperoni, salami, provolone and Italian dressing. It's served "fully involved" meaning with lettuce and tomato. It was good with the dressing a bit on the sweet side. There are numerous hot and cold subs from which to choose, as well salads, cookies and brownies. Of course the menu wouldn't be complete without their "Firehouse Chili". Be sure to check out their abundant supply of hot sauces, if you can take the heat! The place was clean and the staff friendly. While I understand they've been open just four days, the service was a little slow. There was just one customer ahead of me, yet I still had to wait several minutes. I hope once they work some minor kinks out that the speed of service increases and it'll be a nice place to grab a bite.
5	Tried the online ordering again and this time it was perfect. When I arrived to pick up my tasty goodness, there was a City of Phoenix Ford Eco van loading up with people, so I was skeptical that my order would be ready, them having just made a bunch of meals for these people. Plus the tables inside were quite full. But to my pleasant surprise, my sammiches were ready! Hooray! I paid online, and forgot about my punch card, and they didn't mention it, so I was a little sad. But that was my fault I guess.I don't think I mentioned it in my other review, but their-brand hot sauce is amazing on any sub I've tried. I'm also determined to try as many flavors as I can from the cool Coke machine. So far Cherry Coke Zero and Fanta Zero Orange have my approval. :)
2	I really really wanted to give this place a higher star due to the "established by firefighters" idea, but I think after it has been opened for a few weeks, the kinks that the other reviewers have mentioned should have thus been addressed and ironed out by now.   These small franchise businesses must up their game in service and quality if they want to survive in this down economy;  there is no excuses for below average customer service especially for a brand new food joint trying to BUILD business.    I purposely timed my visit to go after the dinner rush, ample time before closing time.  Before I ordered online, I had driven past the food joint and looked in to make sure that there were no lines or customers waiting, as the common complaint was the long wait time for the sandwiches to be made.   Well, despite my on-line order and the payment made online via credit card (there was no option to pay at pick up if you order online), when I arrived punctually at the designated time for pick up, the workers looked confused at the confirmation number I handed to them for pick up.  Then, they said:  do you want to pay here at the register;  um, look at the receipt, it said credit card payment made online.  Then, someone notified the kid who appeared to be the night manager was notified that the online order was "missed"  but he didn't even come out to say anything;   he just sat counting bills from the cash register.   I waited.  And waited.  And waited.  Mind you, there were no customers in line ahead or behind me in the whole joint.  After 15 minutes, the sandwich was finally ready.  And the kid making the sandwich said, "oh, you want it for carryout?  Really?  But I already made it for eat in, darn" and then he wrapped the sub in paper.   Hello, are you serious?!  Then one worker said:  "sorry, we didn't check the fax machine for orders".  Ok, then, don't have On-line orders;  defeats the purpose, doesn't it?   Food:  And the sub, the "hot" Italian was supposed to be steamed and warm;  um, it was sickly lukewarm.  And tasted like the Italian COLD CUT sandwich from Subway.  Yah, it was THAT cold.  The cheese was barely visible as it obviously was so thin it evaporated away.  The only thing I liked about my  Cold-Cut-Supposedly-Hot-Italian Sub was the french bread---The ones at Subway have a weird aftertaste.     I was confused, what sub place did the others eat at???? Sorry, if I'm going to shell out 12 bucks for a sub, chips and drink, I'm going to a deli or to a Subway, where at least I can get a GIANT sub for that price.While I love FireFighters, my support is going to go via direct donations;  Firefighters are all about quality and service.  This place doesn't do our heroes justice.  You are better off going to your local Subway for a Cheap no frills sandwich.
2	Hey, did you know this place was started by firemen? Well, if you didn't, you're an idiot, because it's plastered all over nearly everything.My sandwich was decent. It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't good. Before I went, I wondered what their gimmick would be. Besides the firefighter thing, I mean. It turns out their gimmick is steaming their sandwich meat.Now, I'm no expert, but in my experience with culinary parlance, "steaming" ranks somewhere below "slow-roasted", "braised", or "thinly-sliced" and somewhere slightly above "microwaved". I'm open-minded, though. I'd try this uniquely steamed meat. It turns out, I COULD tell the difference. The difference was the meat was warm and wet, almost like it had absorbed a bunch of vaporized air.What makes Firehouse Subs stand out is their bread, which was really, really good. It was better than Jimmy John's bread, in fact. But between the steaming, the onslaught of fire-fighting paraphernalia, the longer wait, and the higher cost at Firehouse Subs, I'll take Jimmy John's every time. And it's only slightly farther away. I'm down with supporting heroes, but I'd also like to eat reasonably-priced, un-steamed sandwiches on occasion.
5	A friend cut our lunch plans as soon as he saw Firehouse on the side of the road.  He said "You gotta try this place."  I went in and had him order for me and it was true.The pulled pork sandwich was amazing!  Simple, but great!  So if you don't like sub sandwiches and think Firehouse is just another Subway or a Quiznos.......it isn't.  Firehouse is much better!I have only gotten the pulled pork sandwich, but that is all I want.  Firehouse, also has those 30 different hot sauces, which I love to use to spice things up.
5	I'm not a huge fan of all these sandwich shops popping up on every corner, but Firehouse is doing something right, because I haven't had such a good hot sandwich in a long time. They also have the best sweet pepper hot sauce of all time.
4	Ah, Firehouse...I forgot how good you were. I'd not visited you since I lived in Charlotte. This location is on Indian School near the Sprout's -- I stopped here for take-out one night after grocery shopping when I didn't want to cook when I got home. The employees were helpful and there's plenty of seating. Every sub I've had here is good. Skip Subway and come here.
3	Not bad, probably worth a good 3.5 stars. The food is decent but the awesome soda machine, hot sauce bar, cleanliness, and friendly staff bump it up to a possible four for me. I assume they steam their meats, which turned out to be okay on the Steamer and the Italian, but on a cold turkey sub it turns the meat into this canned cat food like consistency. To me, it looked nasty but both my kids seemed to scarf it down without complaint. The steaming of the meat itself tends to make the bread soggier by the minute, so I recommend that you eat fast. I like the concept and the restaurant is nice - but I recommend working on the employee to employee communication just a tad more. I ordered a sandwich with just turkey and lettuce for my kid and ended up with mayo and tomatoes on it as well. The guy ahead of me said no mayo and ended up with mayo on his sub too. WTF.
3	I tried this place for the first time tonight.  Ordered online, which was simple and had multiple options to customize the sandwich.  The service was less than stellar.  I was greeted when I walked in, stood at the ordered online register to finally have someone ask if I was Lisa and just stand in front of me with a bag.  I had to ask for a cup and if I could pick out my chips.  The sub was pretty good, Italian sub, flavorful and tasty.  Despite the service I will visit again.
2	So I was looking for a SUB on a Saturday for lunch, and I remember seeing Firehouse Subs because it was by the Sprouts grocery store that I go to. I went to the website, and I decided to order online. I am glad I did because for some reason the Subs take  about 12-15 min to make. I understand they steam the meat, but still.  I thought that the online ordering process was a pretty cool feature. It had a lot of options to customize my sandwich. It definitely got me ready to have a SUB feast at Firehouse.After checking out and spending almost $13 for a Large  (Steamer) SUB, and a sandwich plus a cookie. I was finally ready to pick up my order.  I decided to dine in to get the full experience. My order was ready when I got there, I got my soda, and used the Soda fountain to customize my soda which was cool. The SUB was mediocre at best. Imagine a sub like Quiznos or Subway, but they "steam the meat."  That does not necessarily make it better though. They steam the meat so much that the meat was actually soggy, and the bread was meh. The cookie was a basic cookie, nothing special. The best part of the meal was actually the soda.I would not recommend this place unless you want to pay high prices for a typical non gourmet franchise SUB.  The place looks and feels like Quiznos on roids, and with 5 people behind the counter it shouldn't take this long to make a SUB on average. I think that if you compare this to other sub franchises that it has an edge with all the cool hot sauces to choose from, and the Soda fountain that is not like anything else I have seen in a store like this, but the prices, wait times,  and mediocre SUBS hold this place back.
5	I simply don't understand some of these reviews below. People are knocking the place because they steam their meat instead roasting/braising it? C'mon. So you can't handle something different or what?So for this review, I'm comparing it to Subway and Quiznos.First off, Subway and Quiznos build the sub right there in front of you. At Firehouse, this is not so much the case - you order at the register and then the workers prepare it. For this reason, your sub will take slightly longer to make than either of those places and this is mainly because of how they cook the meat.Now to the complainers saying that the meat is soggy or whatever, I've never had this experience. And, besides that, not all subs are cooked the same at Firehouse. Maybe before discarding the place, try more of the menu? That is just me though! I've tried many of the subs - Firehouse Meatball, New York Steamer, Italian, Club on a Sub, and the Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket. My favorites, in order, are Italian, Steamer, and Beef & Cheddar. On a slightly odd note, the Italian makes *great* leftovers if you can't finish it.Nobody really seems to have mentioned this... but the soda machine is freaking awesome. I don't know how many flavors it has, but it is pretty much the craziest thing you will ever see. It has a touch screen where you scroll through and select your flavor. And when I say select your flavor I mean if you want a Lemonade.... do you want it to be lemonade, raspberry lemonade, lime lemonade, or strawberry lemonade. It is nearly the same for every beverage selection you make.I definitely prefer Firehouse over Subway or Quiznos. Sure, they may be a little more pricey, but I still like it. I will have to check out Jimmy John's, which everyone seems to rave about to see what all the fuss is about and round out my review for all 4 places.
3	have had a hard time deciding between 3-4. had the large smokehouse beef & cheddar brisket. It was about $8. had good flavor and a nice sauce to it. They have over 50 different hot sauces to pick from and have labeled them with useful "heat index" and I tried one which was great. I got my food to go, but I would go back just to write down the name of the sauce. I would again place the order to go, because this place is that its about as easy on the eyes as a spinning bulls eye. Get ready to be slapped in the face with their slogan "Founded by Fireman" before you step through the door. My initial impression is that the place relies so heavily on America's love for Firemen (i.g., a slogan with no relation to food) that it completely distracts from the food. I love Fireman, but there is no subtle or clever references to the theme. Instead it's a garish commercial display that robs the restaurant of any authenticity. That being said, the food was still good. I would go back, but i'm not itching for it. Seems pretty on par with Jimmy Johns.
2	With Mr. Goodcents, Blimpee, and Jersey Mikes don't waste your time with Firehouse.  The atmosphere is a bit much and I didnt think the subs were anything to  return too. The store was clean and the employees pretty nice, but the subs just not there for me.
2	I want to like this place, I really do, but today's New York Steamer was probably a Top 10 disappointing sandwich of my life. Soggy, lifeless, unimaginative, and overpriced. I'd been to Firehouse one previous time, and the meatball was better. Far from spectacular, but much more satisfying than the corned beef/pastrami number I ordered during Visit #2. It was steamed meat, cheese and mayo on an old-tasting white hoagie. No veggies, no color, no texture, no good.The Firehouse concept and story are cool. The employees are nice. The fountain drink vending machine is second to none. And I enjoy being able to watch college hoops while my sandwich gets steamed to death. But these pros cannot save an underwhelming experience that cost me $9. Subway's $5 Cold Cut Combo would have been a better investment.
4	Really good sub and not bad on price.  So far, I like this place more than Jersey Mike and Jimmy Johns, the sandwich was good, lightly toasted, soft bread and yummy.  I'll be back soon...
4	I love Firehouse Subs. I am extremely glad that they are finally in the Phoenix area after discovering them back east several years ago. I always get the Chicken Salad sub but have heard great things about all their sandwiches. I hear their Meatball Sub is the best. I also like that they help non profit's and give back monetary donations to the community. Gotta love that!
4	I had no idea Yelp was full of such Sub Aficionados but I was not disappointed with Firehouse. I didn't even know about the steaming versus whatever debate but my sandwich (The Engineer) came with piping hot meat, gooey cheese, crunchy, delightful toppings, all on a delicious toasty roll. It was glorious.The sandwich actually reminded me of  the Chicken Cordon Blue I used to get at a sub place called Penn Station in Ohio. Man, I loved that sandwich, but Firehouse is a good substitute. Now all I need is Skyline and White Castle and I won't even need to go home anymore!
3	I would say that Firehouse Subs is not bad... And perhaps my experience wasn't the greatest as I took my sub to go.This was my first time going. I had a free coupon and it's right next to my office, so decided to give them a try. The employees were all pretty nice and greeted me/helped me. I saw one helping another girl to her car with a big bag of food. If it weren't for their great customer service I think I'd have rated them lower than 3 stars.Their sub was soggy at best. Of course, I did take my order to go but since I work within 5 mins of there, it only took me upmost of 10 mins until I had the sub open. They stressed when I was there how their subs don't get soggy - but this was probably one of the soggiest subs I've ever eaten. You can ask for your sub cold, but they will automatically heat it for you if you don't tell them.Overall, I don't think I will proactively go back. If someone else in my office goes, I may order something as it wasn't bad... but I didn't *love* it.
5	In a rush to get lunch and I see a sign for a King's Hawaiian smoked pulled pork, pepper jack cheese, and Hawaiian cole slaw sandwich . Quite simply the best  fast food sandwich I ever tasted. It oozes with flavors and that bread puts all others to shame. I can't wait to go back and although it will be tough to not have the King's Hawaiian, I am looking forward to trying their other items.
4	Stopped in today for my first visit, and I have to say I was impressed with the food.  Also, they have a selection of about 30 different hot sauces that are rated on a 1 - 10 scale for hotness.  I love hot sauce, so hot sauce selection alone warrants a good review from me.  Most of the subs are hot, which wasn't what I was expecting, but it turned out to be fine because they were DELICIOUS.  I had the Italian and the wife had a Turkey, Bacon Avocado.  Both were great and came with a pickle spear (another plus).   The place was clean and well decorated with the fireman related theme.  The only thing that keeps me from leaving a five star review was the aloof employees.  It wasn't busy, and they made my sandwiches in a timely manner (which takes slightly longer than your average Subway experience), but the 3 employees that were there were clearly bored and were having a somewhat inappropriate conversation as if I was not  there.  Nothing offensive, just not professional.  I will be back.  The two DELICIOUS eight inch subs were about $6 each after tax.  Very worth it for the quality of ingredients.
4	What great hot subs! The barbecue sauce they make is fantastic and oh how I love all the hot sauces they have!!
4	For a chain style Sub place its quite good.  food seems fresh has good flavors and service is very friendly and prompt.  Seems to be a lot of competition in the sub sandwich business but they hold there own quite well with other chains.
5	This place is amazing! Compared to Subway, there is no comparison! You just have to try it, and you will never want to eat at subway again!
4	Stopped by today at reques of daughter. Was pleasantly surprised with every aspect of place. Soda machine awesome, choices galore. Turkey sandwich was a bit soggy but the meat and cheddar was perfect. Will try again only different location.
5	First time I went in for a to go order, they gave me the wrong sandwich. I called to let the manager know and he offered me a free sandwich. Went back the other day and got the Brisket and cheddar with Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ Sauce (my personal choice at home) OMG it was amazing. The meat was so flavorful and tender, the sauce didn't cover it up at all. Beautiful foodie experience
5	Husband and I checked out Firehouse Subs last night. I had read the reviews before we went and wasn't sure what to expect. But I have to say was very pleased with our visit. I had the Steamer sandwich and it was DELICIOUS!!!  The pastrami was very moist and the bread was very fresh. We will be returning for sure. The staff was very friendly and explained how the sandwiches are made.
4	I decided to give this place another chance one night when I was too tired/too lazy to go to a sit down restaurant.  I decided to forgo the computer call in order based on the lousy first experience and went up to the counter.  I figured I would cut them slack as I was with my sig. other.  I'm going to sound racist, but you will understand why it is important for me to distinguish the servers this way, (because I did not get their names) but the reality is, they provided great service and made really good sandwiches that night. Two young kids were working the night shift.  There were no other customers in the shop at 8 p.m, but me and my buddy.  I looked around expecting the two kids to be clueless, lazy or uninterested. Quite the contrary, the young African American girl who took my order was pleasant and sweet, and the young Asian American guy was friendly, energetic,  and tossed together an amazing Toasted Italian Sub and my sig other's warm Italian meat ball sub.  They were both hot and delicious.  The sandwiches, that is...The two kids were sweet, friendly, energetic, and worked hard even though they did not have to. I was pleased to see ethnic diversity.  good kids.  good sandwiches.  Customer service can make all the difference, right, Boss owner... I will be back again and changed my review to reflect this.  I'm a fair person and I believe in Karma.
5	WoW, this place is so Yummy! I had the smoked BBQ Brisket n chedda. It was absoloutly delish! Brisket was tender juicy and sliced thin, sweet baby rays BBQ sauce and melted chedda cheese made for a wonderful experience. So worth the drive from wherever you are. I can't wait to go back!
4	I used to eat at this place all the time when I lived in Florida. When I came across this place I had to hit it up. I loved it so much I went back three more times while I was in town. Check it out. you won't be upset.
5	Mike C. joined me to whip into this place and try it today.  OMG what a great sandwich!  I went with a make-it-a-large Pastrami.  It was about a foot long & came loaded with pastrami, mayo, mustard, lettuce, tomato, onion & a dill spear on the side, on a very fresh, delicious honey wheat roll.The staff was friendly, the place completely comfortable and I have just never had a better pastrami!  It was priced right too at $7.89 and I can't wait to return to a Firehouse & start biting my way through the rest of the subs on their menu.  It was special!     :-))
5	well this was my first trip to a firehouse subs and I was here with Rand H (another newbie to firehouse subs} well the sandwich I had was the BBQ brisket and cheddar and it was an easy 5 star sandwich. The service is also very friendly . I counted ten of them in this location and only about 8 customers.when we were there i read and took a menu with me because they have lots of great sandwiches I would like to try on return visits and yes I will return. Firehouse subs is in my books , the best subs.
1	Having served in the fire service for 15+ years this brand brings back memories.  It's always neat to see the pictures that each location as they are almost from the area local to the location.  The food has also always been goodMy problem with this location was the fact that the staff seem very OK. with the customer with the young bird on their finger.  They had no problem that it was at the cash register as well as at the drink station.  I have no idea what type of bird it was, as it was chirping and still very young.  Therefore it was not a "service animal".  That and the fact that the State of AZ just passed legislation to mirror the ADA that BIRDS are NOT recognized service animals and therefore NOT PERMITTED in public venues.  The owners of the bird seemed to enjoy the fact they were getting away with having their bird in a restaurant.  Myself, I guess I signed up for their newsletter to soon.What will be interesting is, even though Yelp discourages the solicitation of reviews, and Firehouse Subs asks for them, I wonder if they'll reply to this review?
1	I've been waiting to update my review of this location as to the owner sending me message about my experiance.  Sadly I was forced to repeat myself as to the day, date and time of my experiance.  As all the information was available already, I do not feel that it was necessary to ask for it again.  It was also stated that the owner and fanchisee was not present as they.So I replied with a lenghty responce as to what had happend and provided details that I was unaware of at the time of my review.  You see the counter was to my back.  I did look over my shoulder and saw the bird, so I know it was there, I also heard it.  What I didn't know until I spoke to my wife was that the bird was sat on the counter at the cash register................................ Can you belive that, a live animal on a food service counter, NO WAY, but yep it happened.    Anyway, I sent a reply to clear up my review had caused and included my phone number with a request that I be called.Nothing, nada, zilch, nyet...........  Guess making contact with the customer to ensure that there will never be a repeat of this type of incident is out of the question, guess corporate H.Q. needs to be notified.Wanna quess where my next e-mail will go?
4	First time here.  I wanted to see how much different THIS sub place could be compared to all the others out there.  Um, yeah, IT WAS FREAKING AWESOME.  I split the large Italian with the man.  The meats just tasted so fresh and not too salty like some other places, and the melty cheese, toppings and sauce just made it sooooooo good.  It for sure did not taste like a fast food sandwich to me at all.  My new favorite sub place by FAR.
5	Great food. Friendly staff. Clean restaurant. Will be back.
3	The laundromat is next door to Firehouse Subs. It was around 109 degrees today. So we put our clothes into the washers and go outside to have a smoke. There are maybe ten empty tables out front of the sub place, we sit at the end table.  As we sit we talk about if we want to go in and grab something to eat now or wait until after the clothes are done. When a worker comes up and asks if we've been helped yet. My sister says "No" then the worker says "Really??? So what you're just going to sit there and not order anything!?" then mutters "F***ing A**HOLES" Great customer service. Now we *are* never going order anything. All it would have took was a "can I get you a menu" or "can I help" or "just go in when you're ready" but no your worker was a total jerk. I mean I get it, there are almost always homeless people around there or at the least sort of shady looking people hanging around, you don't want loiterers hanging around making a mess and taking up customer seats. But it was 109, no one is waiting to eat outside... in fact there were only two people inside, hardly a rush. You would have had four more customers today if you had any sense of customer service. Now you've lost four, and our friends and family, and got this review. I can't say what the food was like since I never made it inside and have zero plans to ever go back.EDIT- I am willing to upgrade my rating to 3 stars from the 1 star I initially gave it. The owner replied to my rating which goes a long way toward mending my opinions of the staff. Maybe one day I will get to try the food and edit my ratings further.
4	Firehouse Subs is a relatively new place here in the Valley and they offer up a tasty, toasted version of a tired old lunch staple.  I was driving aimlessly south into Phoenix with a vague recollection that there was a Firehouse Subs nearby. I almost gave up when I saw the Chicago Hamburger sign, but it was only a little further along Indian School. I actually nearly drove past it, before turning into the strip mall at the last second.  I found a parking space in front, and the place wasn't too crowded for one o'clock. As I said in my Tip, these folks are over the top friendly, but in good way. They greeted me warmly as I came in, asked if I had ever been here before and offered up that their #1, #4 and #5 Subs were their most popular sandwiches.  Nice!I took a few moments to study the board before ordering the New York Steamer. It's a nice combination of Corned Beef, Pastrami and melted Provolone. They then asked if I wanted the usual of mustard, mayo and Italian Dressing on it? Say what? Mayo I thought?  I haven't heard of mayo on a pastrami & corned beef sandwich since Woody Allen accused Diane Keaton of doing that in "Annie Hall" LOLYou should know, that almost all of Firehouse's medium subs are $5.89. They advertise that for $2.00 more, you can get the large. So, a large it was and I asked them to hold the mayo & dressing. I've taken a few pictures of the inside of the restaurant and of my sandwich. It was very large, probably a foot or so long. It was also very good, but too much to finish. I wrapped the other half for home and was told later by one of my homebodies, that it was really very good. LOL. Clearly, I'll need to start marking my food in the frig. Besides what I ordered, Firehouse also has something called the "Hook & Ladder" it's a sub of Smoked Turkey & Virginia Ham with Provolone; a Firehouse Meatball; an Italian with salami, pepperoni, ham with melted provolone; a Club; a Turkey Bacon Ranch; and a Firehouse Steak & Cheese. They also have two Premium Subs on the menu: the Firehouse "Hero", with roast beef, smoked turkey breast Virginia ham and provolone; or, the Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket for $6.19 each. My large #3 NY Steamer, with mustard only, came to $7.89, plus $0.66 in taxes for Gov Brewer. BTW, I cannot wait for the State to rollback those temporary sales tax increases can you?  LOLEnjoy!
5	Way better than Subway or Blimpe. Best meatball sub I've ever had. Affordable too
4	Had a firehouse hero sandwich and it was quite delicious.  It was a very flavorful sandwich, the prices were reasonable, and the people there are friendly.
5	Tried this place for the first time today.  Had the Italian.  It was absolutely delicious!  The staff here was very friendly and the facility was very clean.  I will definitely be returning here often!
4	I have visited this eatery a few times now and I like it. The subs are tasty and huge. Definitely a meal you could share if you like to. There is always a ton of meat, which can be a little too much for me but that's probably the best part for most. Ingredients are generally fresh tasting but nothing that knocks my socks off. Would love to see a few more fresh ingredients and maybe some more salad options. But then again it is a sub shop.
5	As good as it gets! AMAZING service. You've earned these five stars.
5	This particular experience is a 5 star experience. This was my first time ever eating at Firehouse Subs. The people were extremely polite, the food came out fast, the Italian sub my girlfriend got was delicious (I had a bite) and my meatball sub was phenomenal. The soda machine was a super nice addition, the restaurant was clean and well kept. Our food was brought to us and the girl came and took our trays and trash from me before I had a chance to get up. Ill definitely be back!
4	If I could I would give this a 4.75 or something, but yelp doesn't believe in decimals! Firehouse subs is certainly my new sub stop. They give you less options than other sub places (white or wheat bread--that's it!) and you don't really stand at the counter picking toppings.But the subs! The subs are so good! The Italian is especially spectacular. The veggie sandwich is also awesome with mushrooms and melted provolone cheese. They steam the subs to warm them up, which makes the bread a little bit fragile, but still good. Oh and besides that, hearing them all yell "welcome to firehouse" when you walk in is the best!
5	Great sandwiches as always. My favorite is the New York Steamer. Best Pastrami anywhere, for sure. Someone please open one of these in Flagstaff, we could certainly use one!
3	The sandwiches were tasty and the service was really nice.
5	My fav.
5	I have no had Firehouse three times in three weeks.  I can easily say that this is my new favorite place to get a sub.  Gone are the days of cold subs and bring in the hot subs. The best one I've had (so far) is the cheddar and brisket sub.  Mouth watering and though it's 8:30AM, I could eat one right now.  The service is great and they are always there to answer any question you have.Can't wait for the next trip!
3	I had my first taste of Firehouse Subs today and decided to go with the Beef & Cheddar eight inch sandwich with a large Diet Dr. Pepper from their fabulous soda machine. That machine kind of reminds me of Rodney Dangerfield's character in the Caddyshack where he had that golf bag that played music, so versatile just like the soda machine delivering many different types of sodas. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3A9rLoz_0oThe Beef and Cheddar sandwich comes with bbq sauce and mayo. I got it without the mayo and it tasted fabulous. The only problem was that I felt a little hungry after eating it. So there's the rub, an excellent tasting meal with just a little bit of meat. Five stars for taste but one star for not putting out my 5 alarm hunger pangs.
5	Love firehouse Subs! Been going there since there grand opening! Went yesterday to get my Free Birthday sub! Had the new Sweet Thai chili pork Sub, a new favorite of mine. Jenifer made my sub with sauce on the side, for the reason in the past when I had it to go and got home the sauce was all on the outside and made bread soggy. Thanks Jenifer for a perfect meal on the go! And your sweet smile and great attitude while working!!! :-)
5	I personally love firehouse I believe it to be one of the better sand which chains in the market. The smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket is like no other. I'm always satisfied
5	The staff is friendly and the subs are so good.  They have the Hawaiian pork sandwich back and it is amazing.  I also love the theme - very well done.
4	Firehouse Serves up good subs and salads.First, I have to say the service at Firehouse Subs is great!  The staff welcomes you when you walk through the door.  On my first visit to Firehouse Subs (some time ago).  Upon arriving we were met by an employee handing out menus.  My co-worker and I were asked if it  was our first visit to Firehouse Subs and we said yes. The emoloyee went over the menu and recommended we try the smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket.  The sub was delicious.  After leaving we couldn't stop talking about how good the sub was. In fact we went right back to firehouse subs a few days later. So if your hungry for a good sub at a great price, head over to firehouse.
3	Overhyped is the easy word. I would get more elegant with how this place was portrayed as a really good sandwich shop with original takes on old classics while coming to the table with new stuff that would have me coming back each week for more. This, however, proved to be wrong. Oh so wrong. Firehouse Subs, unfortunately, turned out to be nothing more than a glorified Subway and a not very good one at that.I had heard so much about this place that I thought I was going to walk into a deli counter with a guy in the back running a meat slicer. Not so much. It's a counter just like any Goodcents or Blimpie's you have ever been too. Menu selections on the wall with picture representations? Check. Um, long tables with seats around them a la Subway. Yeah, got those too. I am so confused!Alright, alright. Let's eat something. The New York Steamer. Beef brisket, pastrami, provolone, mustard, mayo, and Italian dressing. This seems pretty straight forward. Oh, and a bag of chips, how original. Receive my meal and the first bite is the same as my first step into Firehouse Subs. Underwhelming. The meat and cheese worked pretty well together but then the bread came in and ruined the party. We all know how good bread can step a sandwich up a notch. This bread kept everything status quo. I really don't have much else to say. It was, well, a sandwich. Nothing special.Could I have been over hyped and then simply let down by the results? Possibly. I still go with an "A-OK" even with that factored in. I would give Jimmy John's an easy 4 stars above this because they simply make a better sandwich than Firehouse Subs especially for the money. I suppose I would go back if that is where everyone else is going but if my vote were for FIrehouse Subs or the aforementioned Jimmy John's or Goodcents, I am with the latter two of the three all day long.
4	They do a great job at this location. Even the owner of the location or who I thought was the owner came over to check on me. Employees are nice and helpful. My only complaint and its not even a refelction of the staff or food is the other customers. Because of the location you get some weird people in there. One guy was so high he couldn't speak or almost stand. But they do get a lot of police, military, and fire fighters I can see when I'm in there during lunch so you feel good when you're there.
5	Came in after a long day with a long night ahead of me. They were closing in 15 minutes, so half-expected some glares and huffs & puffs from young staff. However, this was certainly NOT my experience. I was greeted warmly and service was quick. The same was for the guy who came in 5 minutes before they closed. Will definitely stop by again.Also, really dig the variety of hot sauces. Love me some peri-peri!
5	I am impressed! When we first walked in I thought well it looks just like a subway...but once I took my first bite I immediately took it back! This is no subway!!! So tasteful and original! It is a pleasant surprise! I encourage everyone to give it a try! I had the Italian it was flavorful, just right in spices.. My husband had the Hero and we both loved it!!!
5	I ordered their club sub which was really good, but I'm mainly won here because I had great customer service here. They all greeted me the second I came in with smiles. I ate in. One of their employees checked in to see if all was good at some point. When I was done, I still had the other half of my sub left over and again he came up to me and asked if I would like a to-go box. Little things like that show they pay attention and care! Great customer service. Great food.
