1	At first the experience was good. The rep at this company was very friendly and seemed to listen to our needs. After talking to them specifically about the type of dog we have (a Pitbull) and that many management companies don't accept them, we were assured that was not an issue with the property we were looking at. Even their own website said on that property listing (and others) there were no breed restrictions. However after turning in our non refundable app fee, they stated that due to the breed of our dog we were not able to obtain the house...They refused to refund the app fee (due to it not being refundable) even though they were in the wrong here...they told us before we applied that the dog was no issue..Also not only did they refuse to refund the app fee they didn't even offer to use the files or app fee we paid towards another property application. The manager there tried to tell my roommate that he sits next to his rep and he knows he never said anything like this...ya we wouldn't just make this up also the manager leaves by 5 i think if i remember correctly. Most of the calls we had with the rep were after 6pm. Be very cautious in using this company. I personally don't recommend them due to my experience with them.
5	So I have found myself in a situation like many here in the valley.  I moved here from Seatte to take care of my sick mother, and by the time I realized how sick she was all her bills and house payments were really behind.  Last Wed I found out her house was going to auction this Wed.  So of course im freaking out and need to move asap.  I found a house Monday, was given the code to see the house that day.  Fell in love with the house.  Filled my app out Tues it is now Wed its completely processed and has been handed to the home owner for approval.  Eric Evans has worked quickly to get this approved for me.  Regardless of what the homeowner says...he work quickly on my behalf!  Thank You Eric you ROCK!
1	What a nightmare. Moved us into a filthy rental, with tons of repairs needed (90% of which would have been found if they'd inspected the property). HOA dues are in arrears as well, so we cant get pool keys, which is why we rented this house. Nathan has spent the last two weeks telling one lie after another and finally today, Tom Caldwell let us know all of this is "common" and apparently this is how Brewer Caldwell does business. STAY AWAY!
4	We used Brewer Caldwell to manage a property that we bought for a rental investment.The people at B.C. are very smart and energetic.Their prices are great... and their service is super.I have to laugh at two of the reviews.  If the heat is out and the repair is delayed ? --  that is the OWNERS fault, not Brewer Caldwell's fault.   BC puts pressure on us owners to fix these things... for sure...believe me.  When we try to get an AC/Heat job done, it may take a couple of days since the AC/Heat repair guys are backed up with work.  Get a space heater and get over it.The other person certainly viewed the property and chose to live there.  That is also not B.C.'s fault.    If it was filthy ?  They saw it was filthy before they moved in....come on....Wake up people.
1	I sued these people and won. Please make sure you take pictures when you move in and when you move out! Office is full of kids that have no idea what they are doing. Check out their reputation with the BBB.
1	This property management team paid a contractor before the job was finished and  here is the message I sent to the management team...please save your sanity and don't use these guys to manage your property...but you were supposed to look at the WHOLE tile job, for instance the two colors of tiles installed in the living room, the toilets that were not replaced into the bathrooms, the closet doors that were not put back correctly they swing instead of slide (missing the door tracks). The mess he left in the house, didn't clean up after all his work, and the pile of trash from the tile job left on the front yard and driveway. I instructed you to only pay him when the job was complete. The job obviously still isn't complete 3 months after the job was done. Why would you ever pay a contractor when he didn't complete the job???? I'm paying you and your company to look after my property, would you do this if this was YOUR property???? I don't think so!!! You're taking advantage of a client that doesn't live in the neighborhood and can't get to the property and live in a different state!!! What am I paying you for....to manage my property. I'm very disappointed. below are the pictures you sent me when the job was "complete" On June 4 2013...these pictures look good the other pictures of the property are from a friend of mine that went to take some pictures of my property, she said the place looked so dirty and the tiles were two different colors, the oven was never reconnected, the toilets were not put back, but in the garage and when she went to open the closets, door tracks were never put back on. Plus the AC was on full blast.not only could she not get into the property because it wasn't your lock box on my house but someone else's lock box. so now I know why my house hasn't been rented in 4 months. No one can get into the property because the lock box and it looks like crap!! That is 4 months of mortgage payments down the drain. Thank you for waisting my money.
1	This is not a property management company that meets our requirements and  has the same ethics as that of the Obama Administration. Nothing but 1/4 truths or at least that is what our experience was when we used them in 2005 I doubt they have changed much after reviewing all the other bad comments about them. Do your homework and check them out prior to signing anything
1	Used this property management company to oversee our rental properties.  Bad experience.  They are great at collecting money and making sure they collect their fees but do not believe in doing any work for those fees.  Very poor at follow thru, do not care about the tenant or the owner, only about collecting fees.  Very unprofessional in how they deal with people.  Sales pitch is just that, lie to get your business but do not expect follow through.  Do yourself a favor, as a tenant or owner, and find another company.
1	I would give this 0 stars if I could. I found a rental online through this company, with the map online saying it was in Queen Creek. Upon asking the realtor (Preston) if the electricity was on, he said it should be...let me get back to the start. FIRST we go out to Queen Creek, but apparently the map was WRONG on the website and the house was another 25 min drive. I get ahold of the realtor and he says, "ohh yeah that's wrong, its in San Tan Valley".... Okkkk would have been nice to know that in the first place.Anyways we go out there figuring we might as well if the house is nice enough. Wellll he used the pictures from before the house was destroyed because when we went inside, it smelled like animal piss, the carpet was ripped up, the electricity was OFF, food splatters on the wall, dried up POOP in the toilet, I mean FILLING the toilet... someone had a horribly upset stomach. We left and I told him I was pretty irritated because it was a huge waste of our time. I get that the owner has to get the property cleaned up... but as a realtor, WHY WOULD YOU SHOW THE HOUSE IN THAT STATE?! His reply was because he just got the app on it, and was completely rude to me saying that had I actually read his e-mail I would have seen it was in San Tan Valley. Well, sorry dude, I just moved out here in July from Texas, so I'm going to trust a map that is on the listing website saying where the house is. My bad, could have done some more research, but you could have clarified it with me before I went to look.Rude realtor, and untrustworthy in my book, I'm thinking if they are willing to let you go 40min out to look at a house that has no electricity, and looks like a poop bomb went off inside, they won't really give a crap about you if you move into a house and have any issues.Don't waste your time with this realtor, or this company.
