5	Omg! I had a bathroom plumbing disaster! I'm afraid of toilet water (it was clean, don't worry...) and they had someone out within two hours- on a Friday and after five! Cindy came to my rescue and she is terrific . She is so nice and is doing a great job (she is still here) and is nice to my cat. I can't wait to dirty up my house so she can come back. I HIGHLY recommend maids and more.
5	I called right after the holidays after I got all the friends and  family out of the house. I called on Wednesday and set up cleaning for Friday. Later on Wednesday night I received a call from Sherry confirming the date and time, she worked around my schedule and not hers. Sherry arrived promptly at the scheduled time. I had talked to Kathy inn the office and just got the minimum 3 hour clean. Now I thought I kept a clean house and thought 3 hours may be to much, boy was I wrong. Sherry was working like a tornado. I have a 3 bedroom 2 bath house approx 1100 sq.  ft. Everything from the bedroom, bathroom,  kitchen to the living room was cleaned perfectly. I would highly recommend this company for all your house cleaning needs. I will be looking forward to using there services again.
5	Had them fix what the holidays had done to my house...they were friendly and professional, and the price was right
5	Blossom was sent to do my move out cleaning.  Arrived on time and did a great job. I will definitely use again.
1	The ladies that came were nice enough. I was very hopeful for this company, but sadly disappointed, The cleaning was ok. I could have done better. I swept up after them and still found lots of dirt. They sent a teenager to clean and she kept stopping to take phone calls. They forgot some of my blinds, and my floors was not too clean after vacuuming. 3 hours with 2 people cleaned 2 1/2 bath ,kitchen and blinds. It doesn't sound like a lot. Never using them again.
5	Omg! I had a bathroom plumbing disaster! I'm afraid of toilet water (it was clean, don't worry...) and they had someone out within two hours- on a Friday and after five! Cindy came to my rescue and she is terrific . She is so nice and is doing a great job (she is still here) and is nice to my cat. I can't wait to dirty up my house so she can come back. I HIGHLY recommend maids and more.Cindy is no longer there, and today I had Brandy. She is my new Cindy!She was very sweet and did a great job.she went above and beyond in a few places that I wasn't even concerned about, but she has really high standards for her work and that's just a nice and very impressive and respectable.PLUS HER NICKNAME IS BOOM BOOM.
