3	Pimp my Hotel will not be featured here.This place is old.  It's tired.  It's in a neighborhood that's loaded with strip joints.  What's good about it, you ask?  It's close to alot and I talked the manager into giving me free Internet for the week because I didn't want to pay for it.   Hey, I brought a small team here to stay, so they got some good business out of me!The good things are:  1.  They really do a nice job with the free breakfasts.  Bless the woman's heart she is patient enough to listen to my attempts to eat healthy, "I'd like an egg white omelet, very little oil, spinach, mushrooms and some ham".  She turns to me, "Would you like to sneak a little cheese in that?"  I say, "Maybe just a sprinkle".  Damn she made a good one for me.2.  Free managers happy hour (but only 2 choices of beer -- this is bad).3.  Close to the stadium where the Diamondbacks play.4.  Short drive away from the mall.5.  There is a LA Fitness and a 24 Hour Fitness nearby.Cons:1.  No gym (just 2 treadmills).2.  Rooms are old.  3.  Shitty neighborhood (think ankle holsters and shoulder rigs).4.  Not much within walking distance (although Carl's Jr. is right across the street!)All in all, it's convenient to the airport, freeways, and there are free breakfasts here.  If you're not in the mood for omelets, there are other options such as cereal, yogurt, fresh fruit, toast, oatmeal, pastries, and pancakes.  You can't go wrong with that, sometimes.
1	This place is old, furniture is ugly, rooms are dark and smelly. Add to that the manager was really rude... this was the worst part of the phoenix trip for me.
3	I don't really mean to be rude, but the review below mine, from Squaw Peak C., is the review from a person that works for the restaurant at the hotel. I mean, at least that's what I'm collecting from the name of the restaurant being Squaw Peak, the name of the reviewer being Squaw Peak, and the review being 5 stars.Anyway, let the reviewing begin. I'll start with the best parts and slowly but surely make my to the less desirable attributes of this below-par hotel/motel. First of all, despite being suspicious of said Squaw Peak reviewer, the restaurant is actually really good. I had a tuna salad as well as a vegetable stir fry, and they were both very tasty and hit the spot. The view from up there isn't really like some spectacular thing, but I guess it is a view of Phoenix. As for the hotel, I've stayed at many Embassy Suites and this one was by far the most disappointing one I've ever rested my head at. First of all, it was definitely some motel changed into an Embassy Suites. All the rooms have doors that are outside and face a courtyard. That wouldn't be that big of a deal if the area that the hotel is in wasn't so sketchy looking. The actual suite itself was alright. The paint and doors of my room seemed as if someone had drank too many free drinks at the complimentary happy hour they have there and just decided to use the room as a one enormous punching bag. The beds are comfortable but I didn't feel the safest when i was going to sleep because of the whole door on the outside thing. If I return to Phoenix, I will definitely be looking to stay elsewhere. The fact that I wondered if my rental car would be there in the morning speaks volumes.
5	The Embassy Suites saved the lives of my cats. When I was out of town, my husband and I had an air conditioning emergency at our Cen-Pho house. It would take a few days to fix, and the temperature in the house rose past 109 degrees. All of our animals were suffering significantly. After we called a few other nearby hotels and were brushed off or denied, the Embassy Suites agreed right away to bend their pet occupancy rules and allow all three of our kitteh "children" to stay since it was an emergency. The staff, including the nice man who picked me up from the airport, were all wonderful. The price was excellent for a large suite with a king sized bed, living and dining areas, and a kitchen. There was a free cocktail and bar snax time every evening, and a free hot breakfast every morning, with made to order omelets. Is this the best hotel I've ever stayed at? No. It's an older property in an older part of Phoenix. But their quick and considerate action makes it 5 star worthy in my book. Thank you, Embassy Suites, for having a heart and for being a comfortable and generous place to stay when we couldn't be in our own home.
4	Yes the hotel is old looking...probably the ugliest Embassy Suites I've ever seen.  So don't be surprised when you drive up to the location. Now the positives...the staff was amazing!  One of the best I've ever seen.  The bed was very comfortable.  My room had new carpeting and two flat screens  but the rest was very old.  The managers reception is on the top floor of the hotel with a nice view of mountains and palm trees...we were able to enjoy the sunset every night. This location has the best breakfast ever. The two guys that work here were excellent cooks and very funny too.  It was like watching a tv show...they love to cook and it shows.  I would stay at this hotel just for these two guys.
4	02.05.10-02.08.10We paid $150 + $5/day parking for our entire stay.  After reading the other Yelp reviews, I was really afraid of getting jumped (or worse).  But low expectations sometimes are good.We checked in Friday night; they had no problem switching our king sized bed to a double bed suite.  The suite has a mini fridge and a microwave.  Definitely necessary after long nights of partying.  We are two doors down from the gym.  There are two flat screens.  Definitely better than expected.Free made-to-order breakfast every morning.  Weekdays until 9:30, weekends until 10:00.  French toast, omelets, hash browns, etc.  It's pretty awesome if you can actually wake up for it.  The chefs actually come over to the tables to check up on how you're doing.  The pool/hot tub is open from 6:00 a.m. to midnight.  Also amazing after a long day of hiking, or shopping, whatever floats your boat.Recommend!
4	You can't go wrong with Embassy Suites. Even in Arizona, I found the same comfort as I did at other Embassy Suites in the Bay Area. Living area, bar area, dining area. Comfortable beds and fluffy pillows. They do a good job making people feel at home.But I must rave about their complimentary breakfast. As an early riser, I was able to take full advantage of their breakfast stations. I don't usually eat breakfast, but I couldn't say no to made-to-order omelets, hashbrowns, bacon and french toast. =D
3	I stayed here last week on business because the two hotels I normally stay at were booked solid for some reason. It was pretty typical as far a business trip hotel stay goes, but here are my high points and low points of the experience:Good: -The gym had state-of-the art Precor treadmills and elliptical trainers with TV screens, just like the ones at my 24 Hour Fitness. There was also a water cooler and a bathroom in the fitness center, which was very convenient. I found this gym to be a lifesaver when I was too pressed for time to drive to a different neighborhood to run outside. -The two flat screen TV's in the room are a nice touch, as are the microwave and mini-fridge. -The staff who cooks the made to order breakfast! There was a man and a woman working, I believe the man's name was Mikey, and he was the nicest man! They mistakenly gave me the wrong omelette (some doofus got out of line and messed up the whole flow) and Mikey came running after me and made me a fresh one within minutes! He even remembered to bring me my side of salsa. -The pool was nice, although I didn't get a chance to use it.Bad: -Pricey for what you get. It was $149/night plus $5/night for parking. Tack on internet access charges and room taxes and it's close to $200 a night. More than I would pay for what is essentially a glorified motel in a sketchy neighborhood. I expect more for 200 bones a night.-The neighborhood is sketchy and the hotel sits right on Thomas Road, which is VERY busy. If you need to get on Hwy 51, making a left turn out of the parking lot can be a nightmare. If this hotel was closer to the $150/night range (including internet and parking) then I would probably give four stars. I'm glad to know it's there, but I'll always look to stay at another Embassy Suites or Fairfield Inn the area when possible.
3	Okay... this has nothing to do with the Embassy itself, but if you are a fan of Latin American cuisine, you will love all the restaurants nearby.  My God!  I was gonna coin the phrase "Phoenix 5" for the weight I must have gained staying at this hotel for a week, but apparently it's also the name of a prostate cancer support group or something.Anyway, first the pros - rooms are huge, as usual.  If you've stayed at an Embassy in the past, more of the same.  The shower and toilet are separate from the sink, which is in the bedroom.  I'm kind of split on this arrangement, but what can you do?  Unusually large mini-kitchen with a double sized minifridge and microwave.  I was able to get a code for free internet and there technically is Wi-Fi in room, but the signal was so poor that I ended up using the wired.  Open atrium with fountains are relaxing.  Reasonably sized pool and spa area.  The Precor Fitness Center was outstanding - Ellipticals, Treadmills, Freeweights, and Weight Machine - with the sole exception that the ceiling was way too low.I had an issue with my room - I think someone smoked in it in the past and they either didn't or didn't do a good job cleaning it out.  It had a muggy, smokey smell.  I kept the window open for as long as was reasonable and by the end of my stay it finally cleared up.  And yes, it most definitely was a non-smoking room.Regarding the complimentary breakfast - I'm disappointed.  I was there for a week and they had bleh sausage, decent bacon,  bleh hash browns and made to order pancakes, french toast, or omelettes.  Pancakes and French toast weren't bad, but the omelettes were kind of gross.  Only by Thursday did they put out buffet trays with help yourself scrambled eggs, sausage, home fries which were much tastier sides.  Fruit salad was fresh.  The two chefs were very friendly.Actually, all the staff here was very friendly.  But the sad breakfast at the beginning of the week, the smoky room, and inability to get Wi-Fi the entire time are marks against.  I think 3 stars is fair.  When coming to Phoenix, it would be between this place and the Doubletree Phoenix down by the airport and come down to whose price is cheaper.
4	My friend and i stayed at this hotel after our flight to the Bay Area was canceled. We were hot and tired and ready to relax after a long day of travel and flight cancel.We called from the airport and the front desk clerk assured us we would have a room when we arrived. He was super friendly and nice. The guy who picked us up at the airport was very friendly and even offered us cold water. He chattered away as we drove to the hotel. When we arrived the front desk clerk (I think his name was Lou) greeted us by name saying "did I just talk to you on the phone." We checked in and were able to get a King Non-smoking room and a nice young lady employee showed us to our door.The room was clean and very large. I wish we could have stayed longer!We missed "Happy Hour" but decided to eat at the restaurant since it was kind of late and we were tired. I did not want to leave the building. There is a full bar in the restaurant area, excellent bar tender/waiter and the food was surprisingly good and very reasonable prices.The bed was comfortable, wake-up call right on time and the guy who drove us to the airport in the morning was also very friendly and nice. It was 6 a.m.!!! We missed the breakfast since we had to leave so early.I would highly recommend this hotel. They understand customer service and it was very clean and comfortable.
4	Very nice and quite excellent for the group price for our training. Pool is great, suite was superb. Fine, attentive service.
2	This is not your typical Embassy Suites.  It is an older property that was converted to an Embassy.  The bathrooms were in the bedroom, rather then the hall.  That turned out to be the problem.  We had plumbing problem with the commode.  Every twenty minutes it would make a giant sucking noise and the water would drain from the bowl.  Kind of funny, except when you are trying to sleep and it would wake us constantly.  For two days the front desk and maintenence would just shine us on.  Then they tried to fix but never did.  Long story short we got little sleep during the four night stay.  Front desk said they could not move us because they were full.  They never offerred a reduction in our room rate.  Then their were the smokers....everywhere.  People smoked around the pool and spa despite kids playing.  They would smoke outside our room and our non smoking room would smell.  The surrounding neighborhood was kind of scary, don't plan on long walks if you stay here.  On a positive note the employees working in happy hour, restaurant and breakfast were very nice, which was the only reason I gave the hotel two stars.  In short the facility is called Embassy Suites but is not what you would be used to if you stayed at other Embassy locations.  I should also mention that since our March stay was peak season the rates were expensive, which just added to our misery.
5	beautiful hotel, a lot of family noise by the beautiful poolthe room was huge and very nice, the air conditioner system wasn't the best but i would  recommend it, really nice people, entire staff from the driver to the bell boy and a great front desk crew, june 2011, and the continental breakfast was amazing amazing amazing, the best so far
3	Sketch on outside, nice inside.Other than being in kind of a sketch part of town, it was a pretty nice hotel in close proximity to the airport. My only complaint is that I never saw the manager at the manager's reception!
4	I was put up here after not making a flight (the woman I talked to at the gate blamed Orbitz for not scheduling enough time to make a connection). True. But then a really nice man hooked me up with a voucher for this hotel accomodation!I didn't realize that ALL the Embassy suites do the Manager's happy hour in the evenings; this one was 5:30 - 7:30...But let me back it up a bit. My whole experience here was wonderful.A nice man, Terry, drove the shuttle from the airport and was very helpful giving me some "things to do ideas" around the area - movie theatre, shopping mall...etc. When we pulled up to the front he even pointed out a restaurant next door, 7-11 and CVS. I was super tired from my flight so it was nice that he took the time to point things out since I was not paying attention.I went inside and checked in- very fast and smooth. The FD clerk even offered me a beverage- hot coffee/tea/cocoa.  She even told me how to access the internet free of charge.  I found my room quite quick and going inside was so refreshing!I had an immense amount of space for just me, as these acommodations are suites. The little kitchenette was stocked with tea and coffee and ice machine was just around the corner, not too far of a walk.  It was extremely chilly in the room so after I found the thermostat, I turned it to be warmer- I ended up turning it off I was so cold.  I did a quick flip through of TV channels but didn't find anything I wanted to watch. And then I tried to connect to internet- fast and easy.  I called to see about getting a bathrobe and some toothpaste and it was brought up in less than 10 minutes!I thought about going sightseeing and ended up taking a nap. I didn't realize how tired I was!  The bed was great! Comfy and warm!  I didn't want to get up!  But I ended up getting up so I could go to CVS across the street for a few needed items.Next morning when I left, there was nothing I needed to do to check out and the shuttle service back to the airport was very prompt. I wouldn't mind staying here again should I be stopping through town or stuck overnight on an unforseen layover!#Yelp 365 Challenge - 124/365
2	I based my review on the pros and cons of the visit that I experienced.Pros:1) AMAZING BREAKFAST.  There was freshly cut fruit and condiments of all kinds.  The best part was the made-to-order grill.  Delicious omelets with fresh veges, french toast, sausage, bacon, pancakes, and actual eggs were all made fresh in front of your eyes.2) Well stocked gym.  It had many treadmills and ellipticals.  Free weights were also available which is kinda rare in hotels these days.3) Shuttle bus was free and the driver could take you anywhere in a 3 mile radius including the airport.  He was even kind enough to pick me up at the baseball stadium even though it was out of the operating range.Cons:1) $5 / day parking fee.2) My room smelled like the guy before smoked in there3) The hot water in the shower took forever to heat up.  It was about 5 minutes, no joke.  I could've sworn the hotel ran out of hot water.4) The card key readers were finicky at best.  It took at least 3 tries before I was able to open my door.  Pulling it out at different speeds didn't matter5) The internet was also finicky.  First of all it was not free except for Hilton Gold and above members.  The internet wasn't fast and the connection would die quite often.  The wifi was so weak in the bedroom that I gave up trying to use it in there.6) Very little counter top space at the bathroom sink.
3	The neighborhood is a little scary, and the rooms definitely need a little updating when compared to other Embassy Suites locations.  There is one thing that makes this location awesome....the complimentary breakfast.  The guy they have cooking is AWESOME.  To be fair, we only stayed two nights, so we didn't get to know everything about the hotel.  Another plus, they do allow pets, if you happen to have them.  But, that may be the reason for the outdated decor.
2	If you are used to staying in Embassy Suites, don't think you will get the same quality here just because it's called Embassy Suites. There is no center atrium, the doors are all exposed to the outside like an inside out motel, and the rooms are dated. My visit had a couple other problems, which taken one at a time, are typical of any hotel but in combination, they ruined my stay. I think Hilton should change the name to something else.
3	Ok SO this place looks like it was super happening in the 70s, which is way before my time.  That being said, there's nothing wrong  with this hotel other than the fact that it's dated.  Oh, and our bathroom door didn't shut all the way on the first try.  That could've been awkward if my husband and I were still in the early days of our relationship.Some of the positives:-The hotel (well, at least our room and the common areas I saw) are quite clean-The room is spacious-The staff is really friendlyAll in all, not bad considering we didn't pay too much for it.
2	I hate to give this only 2 stars, but I was staying at an Embassy Suites for crying out loud!  I have to say I was a little taken back when we pulled up to the hotel.  The lobby and staff were nice enough, the rooms were clean, large, but certainly dated, as were the grounds.  What saved the day was the free breakfast, the the chef was slinging omelets like a mad man.  I hope they pay him well.  A decent selection for a free breakfast.   A little bit of a scary neighborhood (questionable to be out at night), but the over all value was okay... accept, I have to complain about the $9.95 per day wi-fi fee.  The front desk staff were super friendly!  Oh, and the restaurant doesn't open until 5pm for dinner???
2	There is only one item at this hotel that is worth a darn.  That's the free cook to order breakfast.  That man needs a raise.  Hotels is out dated the picture they use on the web page is the hotel but at an angle that give no true representation of the actual hotel.  Rooms would not even get cool.  Old everything.  Will not be staying there again.  Plus you have to pay 9.95 a day for internet.  Really WTF why?  Cheap.Thanks RICK  LOL!!
1	What a joke!  It is not your average Embassy Suites.  They should really make this a Motel 6.   This place is really old and dated.  Luckily I only had an one night stay that was paid by my company.  The free breakfast is not worth it.   The AC is super loud so bring your ear plugs.
4	After reading other reviews, I thought I would add my $0.02I am surprised for the most part that the Embassy Suite franchise would put their name on this property. This is an old 'cool' place but it does not mean it does not have its charm.I felt like walking in the a Hollywood set of Melrose place / Karate kid establishment. It s definitely not for everyone but I enjoyed the different atmosphere this place had to offer.Sure, it s in a sketchy part of town but since you re in Phoenix, you probably also rented a car so scooting to other nicer areas is not so much of an issue.Ok - i did not pay for the stay either so I understand that some other reviews may not be as positive as mine.
2	Very much in need of a complete overhaul. Rooms are highly dated. When you think of the name Embassy Suites this hotel does not resonate that theme. Price-wise it's at any economy at $89 per night. Would not recommend this for a long stay. Anything overnight is probably fine. There's better out there.
1	I arrived here on a Friday night. I booked a suite (not jr suite). I checked in and asked if the jr suite was big enough for me, husband, pack n play and a rollaway they said 'oh not really,' so I kept my suite. I walked into the suite and realized we basically booked a conference room with a room. We left got a meal and went back to the front desk to ask for a jr suite. The girl was so rude!The first girl (who was training) wasn't sure of anything let alone the size and cost difference. So she told me to ask the manager girl. She acted like I was inconveniencing her! What the heck is your problem! I asked her if they had any other rooms and she said uh maybe. She then told me it was the same price and said 'anything else you want'. Hah! I was not pleased. The room was fine. Only complaint is that it took about 5 minutes for the water to warm up in the shower. And why don't you have silverware in a kitchenette? Strange. It is in a semi strange neighborhood. Not very nice. The free breakfast is always a plus. Probably won't be back. But decent.
2	Great breakfast and lunch.....HORRIBLE ancient slow slow slow slow slow internet....at $300 a  night!
2	Came here for a seminar.  Surprised to see this place still exist as this location is very old and the hotel is in need of a remodel.  Good thing about Embassy Suites is that all their rooms are suite style and they offer free breakfast each day and free Happy Hour from 5pm - 7pm daily.  Not going back again until they remodel their looks.
2	Meh.  This Embassy Suites is Ok.  It does not live up to the classic high end Embassy Suites that I'm used to.  My front didn't shut on its own and the suites have this weird area that looks like a reconstituted kitchen from an old apartment.
3	Overall A-OK fits the bill.  The airport shuttle is available 24/7.  I stayed in room 429, away from the pool, which was really nice.  The room was quiet and large.  The room had 2 TVs, a microwave, and a decent sized refrigerator.The hotel has complementary happy hour on Fridays beginning 5:30pm.  Free beer (bud light) wine and well alcohol.  Complementary happy hour gets CROWDED.  The line could've been out the door to get served.  I'm a beer guy, so I grabbed a seat at the bar close to the tapper.  Which is the best spot if you drink beer.  Melanie, the bartender, was doing an amazing job.  She managed the crowd really well, but I hope management brings in more people to help.I enjoyed my stay and would certainly come back.
1	We just returned from Embassy Suites 24th/Thomas . What a mess. Our room ( Suite # 331 ) was west facing and never cooled down below 80 degrees for two days despite the a/c unit running full blast for 48 hours.  Maintenance department was absolutely no help. Offered us two fans. This was the two most miserable day I have ever spent.  The west wall heated up around 1-2 pm and radiated extreme heat until well into the evening ( after midnite ). Avoid this Hotel except in in the winter.
2	ewww.  didn't like this place.  the neighborhood was iffy and i was scared to leave the hotel after dark.  the room was dated but clean.  won't be back.
5	I am staying here on a business trip right now. I was initially put off by the obviously very old hotel, however they've made up for it by having clean rooms, updated decor, friendly staff and an awesome happy hour and continental breakfast. The complimentary breakfast is cooked to order so you may as well be at a restaurant with all that you can order. Happy hour at Squaws Peak Cafe, the only room on the fifth floor, is free bud light and shock top on tap as well as a few select wines, pretzels, fruit and Rice Krispie treats. The staff has all been professional, friendly and super helpful. Our business meetings are taking place here and they have been more than accommodating in making sure everything goes off smoothly. They have also arranged dinner reservations and transportation for us at off site locations.Recommend :)
2	Review based on 1 night stay on 4th floor:PROS:+ Friendly staff from front desk to dining room+ Nice central pool areaCONS:- Small bathroom- Breakfast was so-so- Rooms are very outdated, can definitely use a faceliftHave stayed at many Embassy Suites, chose this one since it was close to I-10. Will drive a little further out next time to stay at a more modern Embassy. Although the staff is what you expect from brand, everything else falls a bit short of the Embassy Suites name.
1	When someone makes a reservation for Embassy Suites you have a mental picture as to what to expect. Throw that out with regards to this property! Hilton should be embarrassed to put the Embassy Suites brand on this property, this is a overpriced Super 8 or Motel 6 at best and in the same part of town that you would expect to find the aforementioned. The saying that you can put a dress and lipstick on a pig but all you have is a pig with a dress and lipstick is an accurate discription.     The managers reception, really! Goldfish crackers, peanuts, and pretzels! Not impressed.     The air conditioning in my room would make a huge noise everytime it would kick on waking me every hour.     I have stayed at many hotels in my life and this one will leave a lasting impression and not a good one.
2	This place isn't all that well kept. Rooms have that perfume odor of cheap cleaning fluid. Badly in need of a face lift or a thorough scrubbing. It's convenient to the airport but that's the main benefit. The only reason to stay here is if you don't have a choice. For me it was a company meeting.
5	My family and I totally loved staying at this hotel while we were visiting Phoenix.  Surprisingly, the rates at this Embassy Suites was very affordable unlike others located in places like San Diego.  The location of this hotel was a bit sketchy.  During the day, it looked decent but at night, it wasn't very well lit and I recall there were many loiterers on the street.  You just didn't get the sense that you were in a good neighborhood. Anyways, on the property, everything was just fine.  The rooms were a little dated but still very comfortable.  I didn't get the sense that the rooms were unclean.  Everything seemed properly cleaned/washed.  The tv again was a bit old (don't know if they have remodeled since the last time I was there though).   Aside from this minor issue, the rooms were spacious.  What more can you ask for? Clean and spacious.I thought the breakfast was fabulous.  The have their standard made-to order omelet station.  There are an assortment of breakfast items like breads, pastries and fruit on the side.  We totally enjoyed our delicious breakfast.  They also had a welcome hour where they provided vegetables and some snacks.  All in all, we had a lovely time.  This hotel contributed to our enjoyable time in Phoenix.
1	You will freeze to death!  The heating didn't work.  We complained. They said it would get fixed. Still no heat in our room after two nights. Third night we demanded another room. The ssme issue in the new room.  No heat.  The nights get cold in the winter here. Don't stay in this hotel unless you are looking for freezing cold rooms! Terrible. The water is not hot either.  The interior is outdated.
2	We stayed here for a few nights over the summer for a quick trip to the area. When we got in, after flying across the country, we were told room service was open for a little while longer. When we got to our room and called there was no answer and the front desk then told us that they had closed early for the night. That didn't really start things off well. The bartender was really nice and brought us some snacks, but not what we were looking for. The room was dirty. Where the air intake was it was damp and caused our feet to turn black as we walked across the carpet. So shoes had to be worn inside the room. Housekeeping (by mistake ?) took a sippy cup that we had for our toddler.  It was the most disappointing room I've ever stayed in. The breakfast was good and there was a pool. Those are the only good things that could be said about the place.  Do not stay here unless breakfast is your only concern.
3	This Embassy Suites was really only two stars, but they had good pillows which is rare for any hotel, so that earned them an extra star.The internet would disconnect every minute or two. The ac ran constantly, which caused the air in the room to get too dry. The front desk took more than 50 rings to answer the phone. At the breakfast me and my family were the only people there. The power trip omelete cook continuously refused to help me unless I first got a tray. After four times ignoring his command he finally started to make my omelete.
