5	Excellent customer service here.I went in to buy two desks, two hutches, two chairs. I wanted it delivered that day... didn't want to wait until the next week.The store manager personally loaded my stuff onto his pickup truck and drove it all out to my house. He unloaded everything, refused a tip, was service with a smile.I had to return a couple of things because they didn't fit, and they were taken back without question. I'll definitely be coming back to get a couple of things that I need, and I look forward to it. Pleasant people working here, a nice change from most retail chains!
1	I work in an office building about half a block away so I go to this particular location quite a bit. It is awful! The customer service is the worst. One time I went in and the girl behind the counter was huffing and puffing and snapping at the customers like we were inconveniencing her. Most times I go in there is only one person working behind the register and no other sales associates on the floor to help with anything. Nothing is put in the correct place so it is difficult to buy things. They only keep one or two kinds of each kind of printer ink in stock so it's a gamble if you're actually going to leave with what you need. There is one employee, James, who is very helpful but he doesn't seem to work very often (or anymore). Unless it is an absolute emergency, avoid this store!!
3	So I went here on Wednesday afternoon, & it was not so busy.Tell me why it took more than 5 minutes to find someone to help me?Then when I finally did find someone to help, he points me to the right direction, says "he'll be right there," & doesn't show up.So I find another guy. Helpful & kind. Although it seems that everyone's in a rush & busy. - 2 Stars.Selection's not that great. Everything's overpriced compared to Walmart, but atleast it's organized. 1 Star.Pretty clean area. 2 Stars.It's close to where I live. 3 Stars.Step the service people.
4	There was no line when I went today and I was in and out in a matter of 2 minutes. I asked the associate to print my coupon out 5x7 on the 8.5x11 paper and, unlike the Office Depot on Blue Diamond, she had no problem doing it at all. When she opened the flash drive, she turned the monitor to face me so I could get to the files myself, which made the process a lot faster. I'm guessing the speed of the printing department associates at Office Depot really depends on their knowledge of computers and the staff here seems to know what they're doing.
3	I stopped in for some CD/DVD paper covers.  As soon as I walked in the door, an associate asked if she could help me.  She took me to the spot where the covers were and I was on my way to the register in 1 minute.  +1At the register, the woman could not scan my key tag for the Depot and she couldn't get my information with my phone number.  She didn't type my ID number that would have been scanned if their scanner had worked.  She also said I owed more when she counted wrong.  -1It was an OK visit the the + and - canceling each other.
1	Waiting for someone to help me at the business services area and this employee "Corrina" is done helping a guest and doesn't even acknowledge that I'm waiting for assistance.  She could have said "I'll be right with you or something but not even that." I'm waiting more than 10 minutes and no one even says hello.  Finally Corrina says have you been help to a lady standing next to me then i respond back, "I was first". Instead of acknowledging me "corrina" complains to her co-worker about how she's not going to be her break until 3.  I will ever come back to this location. This place is horrible. Lacks a lot of customer service and needs better employees who like to smile and say hello.
5	I had a fantastic customer service experience here yesterday. School starts on Monday & my little one is entering kindergarten! It was kind of a coincidence we ended up here because there's one in the Arroyo Crossing shopping center that's closer to my house, but my iPhone's Maps didn't tell me... I entered and this nice employee Anthony asked me if I needed help with anything. We were in the market for 12 big Ticonderoga pencils and the list said they were available at Office Depot. He showed me where they were but they only came in a pack of 4 with sharpener, so I asked to do a price check. Apparently, they totally price check and took the whole list & did the price check to Wal-Mart for me. Then he grabbed a cart and got everything on the list for me with several options for everything in different colors so my son could choose his favorites (if you've met a 5 year old, you'd know that favorite colors are kind of a big deal). He rung me up and the initial total was $31, after price-matched discounts, our total was $19! Try going to Wal-Mart and getting the same kind of service. Ha! I already told two of my girlfriends to come to this Office Depot and they received the same great service. I think they earned a customer for life!
5	Always helpful!  Has everything you need for the office and customer service is great!
2	I debated whether to give them three stars, but more often than not, the service is non-existent and the company, in general, is not the first place I choose to shop. However, this is the best location I've visited in the area.I've been to this location several times and it's hit or miss with customer service. Sometimes, there are people on you like pouncing lion and other times, there's literally no one in sight. The associates working in the Copy Center tend to focus so much on their tasks that they have absolutely no idea of what's going on around them (doesn't help that all you see are their backs). When I have been assisted by an associate, they're nice and mostly helpful.The prices aren't always the cheapest, but you can still find great deals. I usually visit Office Depot to find CD-Rs with designs, CD/DVD cases, printer ink, or other specialty office supplies for personal and business uses. I've enjoyed the recent slew of adorable tape dispensers from Scotch and they're always available here.The reason I haven't written off Office Depot and won't is their personal and business credit program. Once you're signed up (it is a credit card), you have the option of deferring interest for six months on purchases $299 or more. I've utilized this option twice to purchase my laptop and my mother's desktop computer. Obviously, it works wonderfully if you pay the balance completely in the given time frame. I'm almost certain it's an ongoing promotion, but no one at the store could confirm that information.
5	Ashley in the printing service department is a Ninja Service Warrior, Jedi Knight, Cat Woman and personal assistant to Iron Man.  She greeted me with speed showed me how to send an important contract from my phone to her computer to print needed copies on a fast deadline.  She had pens and supplies of her trade on her hip like a western gun slinger.  Baam! in a few minutes job done!! Another lady came up to have her do something in a hurry.  I said to the other customer she is amazing and she said Yes she helps me all the time.  Las Vegas is not known for awesome service like Ashley.  She should be recognized by your company as an example for service, lightning proficiency and professionalism.  Promote her to trainer and all your stores will rock!  I have been a customer service consultant.  I could not find a better example of greatness.  Gotta give some kudos to her parents also.  Family is where it all starts.Thanks Ashley!
