4	Reasonably priced good eats.  Attentive service and friendly staff.   Counter seats available. Open 24 hrs!
3	I was happy to learn that the Denny's had been recently replaced by this in-houseowned and operated restaurant.  The restaurant is bright and open.  We each ordered easy over eggs, wheat toast, hash browns and bacon.  The eggs were perfect, the bacon crispy, the hash browns tasty, but the bread was barely toasted.  We weren't the only ones disappointed in the toast because we overheard someone at adjoining table asking to have his toast sent back to the kitchen to make it crispy.A 2.5 rating would be appropriate.
1	They get one star since asst manager was at least nice when she wouldn't take crap Huevos Ranceros off the bill.  Took one bite. Go to buffet instead much better and faster. Took forever to get bad food. But they'll try to make it right?  Pass.
1	Everything on this menu might be under $10, but $2.49 for a refillable soda/tea?  WTF...that is a ripoff.  Come on in and pay more for a drink than you do for a soup or salad.  What a crying shame.  Shame on you Fiesta Henderson....Shame Shame Shame...!!!  And since we had issues with our first round of Bloody Mary's, after the replacements were delivered and accepted, we felt rushed and expected to leave soon.  What a disappointment, especially since the food was AMAZING!!!!!
4	The Mahi Mahi was great and of value!
3	According to my friend, this place inside the casino hotel Fiesta used to be Denny's. Now it is called Cafe Fiesta.  I am not too sure but I don't think they remodeled the place....it still looks like Denny's.   People are friendly.  The food is mediocre just like every other diner you see around but the price is not bad.  It is an option for you to dine late night when you get hungry during playing casino.
5	My husband and I stop by at least once a week. We have both ordered something different everytime we come. The service has always been very good. We have enjoyed all of the dishes we have ordered. Good food for a good price.
1	Tried this place once, was not impressed with food or service - would have given it 2 stars.  Decided to give it another shot but between the two I can't give more than 1 star.It took almost 40 minutes to get our breakfast orders (ham and eggs, eggs benedict).  My eggs benedict was cold.  Not just lukewarm, but actually cold.  When I finally flagged the waitress down to ask for a new one, she seemed to not be able to understand what I was saying and called her manager.  I told the manager my food was cold and she took it to the kitchen and told me she'd be right out with a replacement.  Ok, no problem.  Until 20 minutes later and my husband was done with his meal (since I was starving by this time and shared his) and I still hadn't gotten my food.  I would have just cancelled the order had I been able to get someone's attention to tell. By the time I got my order (over an hour since we'd arrived), we were running late and needed to leave.  The manager was upset that I told her I no longer wanted the meal and only very reluctantly took it off the bill.  If this was my first experience here, I wouldn't give a review like this until I tried it again.  But this second try was our first visit all over again, just magnified.The only good thing about the place are the prices - eat here if you are seriously on a budget and have lots and lots of time and patience.
4	Fiesta Henderson made the right decision to ditch Denny's a return to an in-house cafe, and Cafe Fiesta has more surprises than that. Cafe Fiesta is a win just on its very tasty Asian menu alone. I tried the walnut shrimp and could live off it. Actually one of the better cafes at a Station's I've been to. For the budget-conscious, they make a point that everything is under $10.When Cafe Fiesta first opened a few months ago, the menu was pretty limited but has expanded greatly since then.Did I mention the Asian menu?
4	Nice remodel of this place. Looks so new even their open kitchen has new equipment. We usually come here for late night breakfast. It's never too busy, their Graveyard crew is always friendly. Graveyard Breakfast menu super cheap.  Steak and Eggs listed at $5.99.. and that was the highest priced dish on there. Got your basic bacon eggs and shared a huge bowl of biscuits and gravy.  The portions are just right especially for the price.  My dish was great.  Can't screw up breakfast. Helpful and attentive staff.. even the Keno runner off duty acknowledged us.  Fist bump to server who gave us boarding pass discount even though we didn't have our card. In and outta there in less than an hour spent less than fifteen bucks for the two of us. And cool beans I have no kitchen mess to clean up! Gotta love decent places to eat open 24/7!
4	We came here on a Monday night and ordered off of their late night specials. We ordered 1. All-nighter breakfast, 1.992. classic burger and fries, 2.99for 6.38- This is a great place for your midnight munchies. Compared to the Grand Cafe's in other Station Casinos. This spot is clean and rarely filled with drunks. - The Grand Cafe is a better alternative than Denny's. It's cheaper. As long as you have a boarding pass, you are in the clear. - The only reason why it's not a 5 star is because I prefer going to Coronado Cafe at South Point. Although this place has steak and eggs for 5.95, they got the same thing but for 3.95! haha. - Service is simple. We got our food quickly. Jonathan was a pleasant dude. - All-night breakfast was simple. Quick late night craving satisfied. - Classic burger and fries were also simple. No frills. If you are craving a hamburger, I'd say it's a better alternative than the Jack in the Box that is off of Gibson. - Overall, amazing place to dine when the cravings hit and you have time to sit and relax.
4	I've been a regular at Cafe Fiesta since they changed from Denny's.  As many have said, the Asian Menu is an excellent surprise!  They recently changed some of the recipes for the Asian side and things are even better now.  I have heard also that they might be adding some additional Asian items.  The staff are, for the most part, extremely friendly and helpful. And one of the best things is that there's nothing on h menu over $10... they do have specials from time to time, and I've never heard of one of those (Like a Surf & Turf) that was over $13.
2	My wife's go to meal when feeling under the weather is scrambled eggs and toast and this rendition was well executed.  My Cobb salad was the worst I have ever experienced.  Each ingredient was chopped into morsels almost too small to recognize.  Nutritionally bankrupt iceberg lettuce was the primary ingredient, the chicken was overcooked and the dressing was virtually tasteless.  Thankfully it was senior day so I was only charged  1/2 points.
5	I just had their classic burger with pepper jack cheese and sweet potato fries.  It's a half pound, grilled however you like it, and I must say it was delicious!I almost went to the Fatburger in the food court, but I figured I would give the cafe a shot, I'm glad I did.  I liked the food much better than Fatburger and it was a better price in a clean and comfortable place with excellent and friendly service.I will happily be returning to this cafe again.
1	Horrible. Place has gone downhill. Items are either overcooked or undercooked. Staff doesn't seem to care. Slow service.
1	I would love to give 5 stars because their Chinese menu is fantastic. Love the wonton soup. My only complaint is the last 2 times I have gone there for lunch only to be told there would be a 15 minute wait. Mind you, there was only a handful of people in there eating.  While waiting one particular time I watched the hostess do the same to families in which they left and wouldn't wait. We decide to leave as well. The other time we were told the wait was long because the waitress was not very good, she would be very slow. I would appreciate it if I could have made my mind up on the staff. Very unprofessional. I will get her name if I try again for lunch in the future because she should not have a job there dealing with the public.
1	Very bad experience on 7-30-2014.  Took two interns for lunch at the Cafe Fiesta.  It was Senior Wednesday.  One third of tables occupied-30 minute wait.  Told it was the kitchen staff.  Computer system down and cannot use points-cash only.  Online menu many more items than sit down menu.  $28.00 for meal-no senior discount with points.  Was told that is the way it is and I wasn't the only one affected.  Last visit for me.
2	Sad to say I wasn't impressed with this place. We received a postcard coupon in the mail and while I don't usually fall for those, I was going to be near there anyway, so why not try it?I was originally headed for the Mexican restaurant next door, but they weren't open yet and I only had limited time, so I went here and had the club sandwich, which was really disappointing. The meat was really 'gamey' tasting like it had been on the frig shelf a few days too long and the basket of fries was cold by the time we got it.Because of the coupon, it was a cheap meal...so I shouldn't complain, I guess. But I can't say I'd go back...practically free or not.
5	Last time I was at this restaurant it was probably 10 yrs ago at least.  It was when they were a cafe....but had amazing Asian food.  Well....much to my surprise....the Cafe returned WITH Asian menu!  So we tried several items hoping it would compare to what it once was long ago.  We had the crab ragoons, chicken eggrolls, orange chicken & mongolian beef.  Every single item was excellent!!!!  I eat out quite a bit and I was stunned at how good the Asian food was!  It blows away any PF Changs or "ritzy" asian places I've been to...that costs $80 for two people!  I was so impressed, we decided to go back two days later and try something off their regular menu.  I ordered the chicken fried steak and my husband had the chicken cordon blu.  Mine was excellent!  Besides the green beans they served with it.  Those were spongy and not good at all.  Mashed potatoes were "real" and tasty!  The gravy....which is a very important part of the dish...was delicious!  And I'm very picky when it comes to food.  Most places use some powder packet and add water for the gravy....not this place!  It was flavorful and creamy.  My husband's chicken was very good as well.  But did need a little bit more sauce on it.  So....we will definitely be back!  There really isn't anywhere in this area of Henderson that has edible food!  I've been in this valley for 36 yrs.  and it amazes me how limited this area is for decent food.  So Kudo's to the restaurant manager at the Fiesta Henderson Cafe!  Finally.....someplace to eat good food with reasonable prices!  I hope they decide to expand the Asian menu even more!  As for the servers....well....they seem to need a bit more training.  Our first server was this Asian gal.....she was very nice....but really didn't seemed to know the basics of being a server.  Perhaps it's her first time?  But the amazing Asian food made up for her lack of service.  Our second visit was much better service.  And it was around 4:30pm....so the place wasn't too busy.  The atmosphere is very comfortable inside as well.  Hats off to the chefs!  They were outstanding last Friday night (8-15-14) and late afternoon Sunday!   I'll be back to try something else this weekend!  And I know I'll be tryng that carrot cake next visit!  It looked so damn good!  :)
1	Poor bussing of tables. Strange behavior among wait staff! Manager called to inform her about all the food on seats! All she said was that she'll mention it to the bussers. No one is smiling! Lines are picking up! Must be short staffed. Must be a management problem. This is definitely not Happy Hour!
1	Wow!!!!  I'm stunned at what a horrible experience I had here!  Last time I went here....everything was grerat!  This time...not so much!  Obviously there's no consistancy and serious managing problems.  Our server was named Milegros....and she was one of the worst servers I've ever had!  She was completely clueless on what her job was and is.  She finally came to our table 20 minutes after we sat down....and that's only because we asked the Hostess to please find our server.  The restaurant wasn't busy at all either.  I ordered the Mongolian Beef with no green or red bell peppers.  I stated that to Milegros 3 times....due to the fact she didn't seem to be listening the first 2 times I said it.  We also ordered eggrolls as an appetizer.  Needless to say....they came out at the same time as our meal.  My husband ordered the Orange Chicken....and when it came out...we just looked at each other and said what is this?  It was overcooked pieces of chicked drowned in some blackish brown sauce.  Nothing like the last time we were here!  And of course...my Mongolian Beef was covered in red and green bell peppers.  We had to ask for the "Manager (Joe)"....who definitely should not be managing any restaurant.  This guy didn't know what to do!  We explained that this isn't how we ordered our food nor is it anything like the last time we ordered it a week previous.  He said "Well I guess it just depends on who's cooking today".  We sent the Orange chicken back and had them re-make it.  In the meantime I picked out all the bell peppers and ate part of my meal.  Finally the Orange Chicken came back out....and it wasn't much better than the first time other than there was a little less blackish brown sauce on the plate.  The manager asked if it was better and we said ...."not much".  But we'll eat it cause by now my husband was starving.  We kept trying to get our server to bring us sweet and sour sauce and hot mustard for the eggrolls she brought out "with" the meal....until finally a male server got it for us.  This server was horrible to say the least!  We had to track her down again to get our check so we could leave.....finally the other male server found her for us again.  I have no idea where she disappears to!  She said the manager wanted to give us a free piece of cake......so we got the chocolate cake to go.  I soooooo wish I would of opened the container and looked at it before we left!  I would of left it on the table!!!!  We got home and opened the container and the server sliced off the frosting off the back edge of the cake and threw it in the container!!!!!  There was literally no cake at all!!!!  just a slab of frosting that was old and disgusting!!!!  So needless to say....I'm very hesitant on returning here.  The food and beverage manager needs to get a grip on these people he/she is hiring!!!!  The hostess is always nice.....and she told us people complain about this server all the time.  So why do they keep her there then???  I'm a local....but I think I'm going to skip this place.  A friend of ours went here and had a similar experience with the service and inconsistancy of food!  I wouldn't waste your money going here.  For the price....you could go just about anywhere!  Our meal was $34 and the only thing that was decent was the eggrolls!  Even the Diet Soda was disgusting!  There was no flavor just brown carbonation!  Yuck!!!  The manager can't even adjust the settings on the soda machines!  He needs to go as well!
5	My sister and I had lunch here and let me just say that if you know me, you know I'm ALL about good cheap food! I loved this cafe. It was very nice and clean and had a modern diner/cafe feel to it. The restaurant overlooks the casino and the rest of the hotel since it is elevated. I don't know why but it kind of reminded me of the Rain Forest Cafe LOL Anyway, everything on the menu is very reasonably priced. Most items are $10 & under -- they even have midnight specials priced between $1.99 - $5 which is pretty cool if you are in the casino and want a late night meal. Our waiter was very attentive and social - he did a good job. Our food was also very tasty - my sister ordered a breakfast plate and I had the orange chicken which was very good. Would definitely dine here again - 5 stars for ambiance, price and service! =)
5	Well....here we go again!  Tried the Cafe at the Fiesta Henderson again.  Our waiter was named Richard....and he was fantastic!!!!!!  Couldn't ask for better service!  We ordered the chicken eggrolls and Emperor's Chinese Soup.  And it was unbelievably delicious!!!!  It wasn't salty....all the chicken, pork and shrimp and wontons were cooked perfectly!!!!  I can't wait to go back and have this soup on a cold day!  It was better than most high end oriental restaurants.  So...whoever is cooking the oriental food on Oct. 9, 2014 at about 3pm....knows what they're doing in a kitchen!  And the eggrolls were awesome as usual!  And thanks to our server Richard....he made it an enjoyable experience from beginning to end!  :)  Thanks Richard :)
1	Got there was seated right away....the place was really empty. With that being said, there should of been no reason for my food order to be mixed up various times and for it to have taken so long. I always order the same thing at a restuarant classic hamburger (with cheese) or chicken strips....Why do you ask?? Because they are common meals and should not be effed up. Well, in this case it was....mom got BLT the bacon was so overcooked it was dry...I got the classic hamburger with cheese AND well done...got to the table ...no cheese. Manager came over and asked if it was ok, advised missing cheese. He said " I will bring you out a slice a cheese..." REALLY!?!?!? WTF.....anyyhow, I said no I want my cheese hot on my burger...so he took it back to the kitchen...waited a while...meanwhile my mom had finished her meal. Burger gets back to table with cheese on it and I start to assemble...I slice off a corner as by this time I have already filled up on water and my moms leftovers. Well this time the burger is completely pink and looks like they quickly just brown the outside...GROSS GROSS GROSS...I nearly barfed...I told the guy I absolutely can not eat this....sent it back....by now I have waited a long time...Took so long I flagged a busser and asked him to cancel the order and to return the money to my card, as i had already paid (bad move).... I asked for the manager and while he apologized, he would not cancel the order or return my money...just kept saying "its here and I apologize for the mix up"...I was already pissed and had dined on my rage...I said I dont even want it anymore and I just want my money back...he said I will box it up to go....UGH i just couldnt talk to this guy anymore....he gave me card for the next meal on him...and boxed my food and left...Anyhow I don't think I will be going back, not even for a "free meal".....I didnt want anything free, I just wanted to leave and not waste anymore time there.....it wasn't busy so there is no excuse, the server did tell me that my requests were listed on the ticket and the cook didn't pay attention....ugh..BUH BYE BITCHES!
4	It is what it is, certainly not some fancy restaurant but still very good and very well priced. Great spot to grab a quick and easy bite. I will say the manager Brad is amazing he went out of his way to get us a menu item that had been removed, a few weeks back. Great job Brad!!! Highly recommend their breakfast items so good!!!
5	We always come late night to eat! Usually after the gym to get those gains (; but we love coming here mostly because the graveyard shift staff is the epitome of customer service. Our favorites Melissa, Norma, & Richard are absolute peaches and we have become regulars with them. They always treat us with such kindness and make sure we are happy with our entire service. We love the food and late night conversations with them. (:
