3	Friendly service and what seemed to be good sale prices. I'll be doing a bit more shopping in this next week to decide if this is the place to buy a safe or if my money's better spent elsewhere, so far they're in the lead.
5	a large variety of safes to chose from- anything to fit your needs.good pricesvery knowledgeable and friendly service.They were very patient with all of our questions.
5	I had to have two 900 pound safes moved to a different location.  They gave me a discount on the 2nd safe (a couple of companies, just doubled the price).  Let me start by stating that a friend who claimed to be a professional mover and was capable of moving them, well they were left on their sides when that experience was over.  So I called around and chose The Safe Keeper.2 guys showed up 15 min early (called first) to the appointment.  They were average built guys and I thought there was no way.  The two of them quickly got the safes back upright.  They used carpet and wood to protect my tiles.  They used a hydraulic lift.  LET ME STRESS THIS POINT: IF A COMPANY DOESN'T USE A HYDRAULIC LIFT DOLLY, STAY AWAY!. With the proper dolly, they easily moved the safe up and down a few stairs.  No exaggeration, they had both safes in their truck in about 25 minutes.  The drove to the new business location.  LET ME STRESS THIS POINT: THEY LEVELED THE SAFES BEFORE THEY BOLTED THEM TO THE FOUNDATION. MAKE SURE THE COMPANY PLANS ON MAKING SURE THEY ARE LEVEL WHEN BEFORE THEY LEAVE.  THIS AFFECTS HOW THE DOORS SWAY, OPEN AND CLOSE.  It took about 30 minutes for them to level the safes and bolt them into the concrete.Both guys were courteous,  professional and answered many of my random questions. Strongly recommend calling for a quote.  The quote I got over the phone is what I paid when they left.  They said I could pay by cash, check or credit.  Hope this helps.  wish I knew this before I made the "friend" attempt.Thanks,
5	So far so good, my new safe will not be installed until next Monday. Jeff and Eugene are very knowledgable and have given exceptional customer service. I could not make it into their shop before their sale began, so Jeff was gracious enough to take pictures of the safe that I was interested in and emailed them to me. I actually went bigger than expected which I highly suggest.Again, so far so good. From what I have experienced, they know their stuff and were very accomodating as well. I would definitely recommend them to anyone, great guys!!!!!!!!
5	Hands down THE best place to buy a safe in Las Vegas. Biggest variety of safes I have ever seen. My husband recently got into hunting and so we were looking to get a gun safe. First of all it's a family owned business which is always lovely to deal with, especially when they know what they are talking about. Very knowledgable, professional and helpful guys. It was a pleasure doing business with them. Would definitely recommend The Safe Keeper to my friends.
5	I purchased a safe from The Safe Keeper a few months ago. I got a great deal on a top quality safe. The installers were very professional and cleaned up any mess that was made. Great service and great products are what you will find at The Safe Keeper. They may not be the only safe company in Las Vegas but they are the very best in Las Vegas.
4	I am very happy I found the Safe Keeper on Yelp after looking at several places online and locally in town.  I would highly recommend the Safe Keeper to anyone looking for a good value on a safe.I went into the store expecting to find higher prices than I had found online. I was quite surprised to see several safes which were in my price range, all of which seemed to have good prices . That night I did some research online and confirmed it was a good deal. I called the next morning and purchased the largest of the safes I was looking at.  My only complaint was that the salesman assured me it would fit upstairs past the angled landing of my stairway after showing the salesman pictures of the stairs. When it was delivered I was informed the safe would not fit up the stairs. Luckily I had a backup location available downstairs. And I was refunded the upstairs delivery charge. Even though I may have considered a slightly smaller safe if it would've fit upstairs. The larger safe was exactly the size I needed and under the maximum price I was looking to pay.
5	I went to the safe keeper and browsed. Also went to discount gun safe to look. I decided on the Dakota DS-42. $2000 otd w/delivery from Lana at the tent sale in Henderson. I am very happy with my purchase. The delivery was very quick about 30min. I recommend the safe keeper for your security needs. I have confidence when I leave my firearms and valuables at home now.
5	Hands down the best place to get a safe best prices too. I love my Dakota safe!
5	Originally I was looking to buy a couple of Liberty Fat Boys and a house safe.  I already have a Liberty Presidential and National among others.  The problem with high capacity gun safes is that you tend to not use the guns in the back because it's a PITA to dig them out and some of my gear won't fit in tight quarters.  At The Safe Keeper they had Summit safes that have this exclusive gun rack system that slides all the way out.  They can be adjusted for number of guns and heights to include shelves and pistol rack.  These safes were on sale and Summit was just upgrading the construction on the safes.  I ordered new ones built to my specifications and they still only charged me the on floor model sale price.  Mine are K2's but I believe they are based on Denali's now.  The model keeps changing because they keep improving it.  I had them build three safes with custom interiors for me with the new Summit specifications. One with three racks, the other two had shelves with one and two racks.  They couldn't just be delivered as I snowbird and I was going to be out of town so they held the safes for me after they were built.  When I got back they delivered two days after I called for the delivery of the safes.  I had the safes delivered to two different locations with one safe getting bolted down.  They only charged me for the installation of one safe.  I was very satisfied with the installation.  The safes themselves were the best part.  They are built 7 gauge body with up to  1/2" solid door with extremely thick connecting gear.  They are as thick as my Liberties, with better linkage and stainless steel locking bolts - but cost HALF as much.  I repeat I paid half as much for a much better safe.  The Fat Boys are popular, and are nothing more than beefed up gun lockers.  I wanted safes that happen to hold guns.  The racks are a pleasure to use, everything is easy to get at and guns fit no matter how much gear I have on them.  The construction is far superior to the Fat Boys and even better than my Presidential and National safes.  They have an excellent youtube on both the safe featuring the racks and a construction comparison.  They are honest and I have seen it for myself.  I'm glad they saved me from spending more on lesser safes.  No extra fees for putting it all on a credit card (for the mileage points).
