4	It was a great show (8.20.08 @ 7:30 pm).  It started about 7:45 and ended about 9:15.  I think, she performed for about 30 minutes.  I imagine when you are 62 and strutting around a huge stage in four inch heals wearing either really heavy costumes or next to nothing you would tire easily; especially when you are singing your heart out (even if you have a sore throat).  And I once saw a special on TV where they showed how she did her custom changes and I know that is tiring, BUT . . .  I would have enjoyed it more if she sang more or even just talked, as she did in the beginning.  I would have much rather heard her sing more of her songs instead of the covers she did.  She only sang the choruses from "Half Breed", "Gypsies, Tramps, and Thieves", and "Dark Lady" instead of the chorus from each.  It took her longer to get into her "Half Breed" costume than she sang.  With those three songs I was a bit disappointed.  But it was great to walk down memory lane.  I forgot how kooky she was.  There was a lot of Sony and Cher.  And her costumes were amazing, I just wished she would have sang more . . . .
5	We had to do quite a bit of searching for tickets to this show and finally got it a few days before leaving to Vegas. I was stoke because i've been watching Cher since I was very young and of course I didn't appreciate her talent and taste for fashion until I was much older. Now that i'm all grown up, so is Cher and let me tell you... I hope to look half as good as she does at her age! Of course we all could never count the amount of botox injections and surgeries she's had to keep up with the looks of a 20 year old but hell, they did her good. She looks amazing and her body was amazing. I think she's the only one who could get away with the ridiculous headpieces and costumes that she changes into. I think she only changed about 9 times during the show and each one was amazing on its own. Although we were in the nosebleed section, I didn't mind it one bit. In fact, I wouldn't mind to be spitted on sitting in the first VIP row !Her acrobats were A+. I honestly couldn't see myself half naked and twisting in mid-air on a piece of fabric. That's as if i'm suicical!I was teary when they started showing Sonny and Cher and their cute song "I got you babe". They were such a great couple and I knew that deep down she still loves him. The show is amazing and I totally recommend everyone to give it a chance and go see her. Plus, who knows how much longer she'll be around until her retirement! Long lives CHER!
5	Fabulous show--whether you are a Cher fan or not. Her vibrant voice, divine costumes, wit and all-around good karma permeates the Palace.
4	Good show.  As mentioned in other reviews, the Colosseum is a great location with no bad seats.  The filtration system is awesome and unlike other shows that say they are no smoking (but the casino smoke infiltrates everywhere), this is truly a non smoking show.  The AC is on a little high, so bring clothes.I agree with all of the other reviews.  Costumes are great, Cher has great energy.  To me, this show is more "The Colosseum production starring Cher" rather than a Cher concert.  The acrobats and dancers and people hanging from the ceiling were almost as impressive as Cher.  Cher herself does not sing for too long (30-45 minutes as somebody estimated) so that might be the only disappointing thing.   Guess it takes a long time to get the costumes and equipment ready between numbers.I don't know her stuff too well, but she sang "still haven't found what I'm looking for", "love hurts", "after all" with her keyboardist, 'love is a battlefield',  "if I could turn back time' (at the end) and  'believe' (encore).  She does not sing 'I got you babe', but she does 'the beat goes on' with Sonny where Sonny is on the video in the back and Cher (current) sings  over the video of herself (~30 years ago)During our show, Cher took a nasty tumble.  At 62, she took 20 seconds to compose herself and kept right on going.  Pretty sweet.
1	Cher's performance was great, but the venue was terrible.  As with many other shows in Vegas you are not allowed to take pictures and the audience largely complies.  For some reasons the folks at the palace feel that they need to confiscate ALL cameras entering the theater - to be returned by a laborious process after the show.  The stupidity of this is quite evident in that any cell phone just about take an equivalent image.  Criss Angel, Danny Ganns, "O", "Ka'", Wayne Brady, etc. are not sooooo special that they go to the exteme of confiscating the cameras of hundreds of ticket purchasers. Basically they have you walk through a detector and THEN go over you with a detector and padding you down, then rummaging through ones purse.  I thought the President himself was to be there.  Also, the sheer numbers of security are 3-4 times the usual amount and they walk around continuously during the performance talking into their headsets during the show - VERY annoying and very distracting.  In summary the level of security was a complete joke and in turn I would have rather gone elsewear and simply caught Cher on iTunes.  I'm just thankful there wasn't a body cavity search and nobody got tased.Also the show started about 20 minutes late.  Maybe if security wasn't doing background checks (joke) it could start on time.
4	So this is the house that Celine built, eh? Mais oui, I can tell. It's not the type of place where you can get up and do the wave. No, it's for baby boomers a little north of even me who want to snap their fingers to the echo-chamber-amplified music. The Colosseum at Caesar's Palace actually has the cavernous feel of an opera house where most of the seats are decent, but few are truly outstanding. Ah but it seems to work for a personality warhorse like Cher - looking suspiciously splendiferous at 63 and actually sounding sturdier than she has in several years. It's a show full of special effects, fourteen dancers who indeed could be her grandchildren, four Cirque de Soleil-style aerialists and seventeen Bob Mackie changes. The extravaganza runs a fleet ninety minutes, and she fills the costume-change interludes with a lot of video footage - including an unnecessary return visit from crass Laverne from the "Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour" circa 1974. But for all my cynicism, I was impressed because the woman is a dynamo. Cher doesn't have the energy level of, say, Tina Turner (...who possibly could anyway?) - but she does have a strong sense of who she is and how to present herself. She unsurprisingly pulled out a lot of her hits but hung them on a career retrospective that had her wear the clothes she wore during each stage of her nearly five-decade career. I wish she stuck to her songbook more and left out predictable covers like Pat Benatar's "Love Is a Battlefield" and Thelma Houston's "Don't Leave Me This Way". She ends her show with her mega-Euro-dance hit "Believe"...and I have to admit I almost did. Jamie and I went for the $128 First Mezzanine seats - which meant Cher was just a gauzy figure in the distance, but it worked for us. You can probably get same-day seats heavily discounted over at Bill's Casino if you aren't too picky about where you sit. From my vantage point, Cher did look like she turned back ti-yummmm....ti-yummmmm.
5	Attention Cher fans!!  This is it.  Cher puts on a well done show.  Sure it is heavily coreographed and predictable, but come on she's not..um...well I dont actually know how old she is, but you get the point.  I was in the 10th row center and it was well worth the overtime dollars to afford the tickets.  As for the complaints of starting late, gimmie a break, obviously small town inexperience w/ big celebrity performances.  Wait till you wait 2 or 3 hours for Madonna to go on.  Also, while the no camera rule is pretty hard and fast, I still managed to get mine in, but the lights are so bright on her, all I was able to get were sillouettes.  The theater is well done and rather comfortable for a stadium of its size.  The best number is of course Believe, at the end.  Confetti and all.  She came on at 7:45 and hit the chopper by 9:15, sweet and tight!  The crowed was mixed, some up dancing, some tired and lazy.  Guess where I was?  Come on its cher...I got you babe!  Hugs!
5	I got tickets to see Cher at the Colosseum for my husband and my mother in law as a Christmas present in Dec 2008. They are hardcore Cher fans. My husband liked her since he was knee high and used to watch the Sonny and Cher show and Cher wearing outfits that only Cher can get away with. I like her but I would of never bought tickets for just myself. The show was on Sunday, April 26, 2009. We walked in the coliseum around 6:45. We found our seats with ease with the helpful staff. The show actually started at 7:30. Who would of thunk a show starting at the time it states!? Cher came out and I instantly got chills. I hate the expression "goose pimples" because I think it sounds sort of gross........but I had major "GOOSE PIMPLES" the whole show. She was flipping phenomenal! The show was suppose to be around 90 minutes and it went to almost 2 hours. I swear the time flew by so fast. It just validated what a good time I had. She sang about 15 songs and had great performers and had amazing costume changes that only Cher can pull off. She looked great but sounded even better. There is nothing like seeing her live. Nothing! MAN, I'm getting the chills now just writing about it. I am indeed a fan for life.
5	I saw Cher last night and it was all I could think about at work today.  Before seeing this show, I could NOT honestly say that I was a Cher fan...But, thanks to my good friend Dennis, who got me some great, free seats to see the show, I can NOW say that I am a bonafide Cher fan.  Cher is like a fine wine - she's gotten better with age.  Although she isn't moving quite like she used to, she kept the beat with her much younger dancers, her voice was amazing, and her ad-libs were entertaining.  Her 15 costume changes didn't interrupt the show, as the great video footage of her evolution from 18 year old Sonny side kick to Diva Extraordinaire made for good transitions.  My favorite part - I'd have to say - was the black n white section that included the Sonny era music.  I'm still singing The Beat Goes On...la da da da dee, la da da da da...The Colosseum at Caesar's is a spectacular venue, and our seats were incredible...Love you Dennis!!!!  This is a MUST SEE!!!
4	The Cher concert was wonderful.  We were here for Sept 22, 2009 concert which had a sold out crowd.  We purchased the tickets in advance at Ticket Master.  My boyfriend and I couldn't wait to see her live and in person.  We had good seats in the Colosseum.Cher has such a great vocal.  Her costumes were amazing.  I think she changed easily over 12 times.  Everyone in the audition were all singing alone with her.  One of my favorite moments was she had a tribute to Sonny Bono and the TV show. The clips brought bring back great memories of my childhood.  Very nostalgic ....Cameras are not allowed you have to check them it.
1	In the words of CHER... IF I COULD TURN BACK TIME, i would NEVER have purchased these tickets!i was SHOCKED at how disappointed i was. just a dusty, over-priced, spectacle. i took my mom and she was equally disappointed.just a plain ol', overly-sequined LET DOWN!"BELIEVE" me!!!!
4	I loved the show. I thought it offered a little bit of everything that one could want from a Vegas show.  The dancing was fabulous the themes were fabulous and Cher was...well, fabulous.  I was a little annoyed at the price of the tickets and her talking about how cute she is, but the woman is a 63 year old legend, for christ sake and has invested a lot (even if completely artificial!) into looking like she does.  And she is certainly aware that she is old, she was the own butt of most of her jokes.The show took on a retrospective theme, which was totally appropriate and well done. There was part where she and Sonny Bono were singing to each other digitally, which was just great.  I have no regrets about having spent the big bucks to see her.
4	We enjoyed the show, and are just casual Cher fans.  The staging and effects are top-notch, and Cher's voice excellent.  There are several minute breaks between numbers where costume changes occur and filled with dancing and video clips, but I thought they were well done and didn't interfere with the show.  Not sure I would pay full price for the show, but at 30% off was very satisfied.
3	First let me say that our tickets were free...I am not really a concert person but if the tickets are free then "What the heck, why not?"....Before writing my review I scrolled down and read  a few of the reviews already and I noticed that on a review from December 2009 she recounted the same exact story that Cher told the crowd when I went 2 wks ago....Umm, couldn't Cher just go with it without memorizing a story (that's the actress in her) She did make it seem like that story happened to her on  that morning!! I thought it was very bitchy of her to say that in the news if she fell on the crowd and died it would read "Cher dead along with nameless faceless others" I am somebody bitch" (excuse me, that was the bitch in me )Back to the concert-Surprisingly I was entertained....I didn't think it was boring and there were only 3 songs I wasn't familiar with. The surgery on her face is still holding together and yes, she still has a hot body. I do like some of her songs and I liked her movie & Sonny and Bono collage!!! So the question is : Do you believe in life after love?
3	We walked into our wedding to a Cher song, so we thought what wouldn't be more perfect than us seeing Cher live?!  Well, we were left slightly disappointed.  Having seen Elton in the same space I was stoked!  But Cher seemed to barely be ON the stage.  She sometimes wouldn't even finish a song and then ran off to do a costume change.  And I felt like I was watching videos through the years than HER which is who I paid to see.  A lot of songs weren't hers - and Turn Back Time came around and the crowd got going finally!  So much fun.  But then.It was over.I thought it was a joke and she was coming back to do an encore but no such luck.  I'm happy I saw Cher.  I can cross it off the so-called 'bucket list' of people I'd like to see live.  But at $100/ticket for the cheap seats, I would have actually liked to have SEEN her in person (not on film shot on a curtain!)
5	Cher is still hot and still sounding good at 60-something years old.Surprisingly about half of the show were songs that she covered, the other half were her singles and one Sonny & Cher song.Great backup dancers and backup singers.  Good choreography.In the slightly over 90 minute show she had 13 costume changes.  I love costumes and sequins but she could've forgone a costume or two and thrown in an additional song.You're not going to find these tickets at the half priced ticket booth.
4	Wow!  I had so much fun here and my seats were amazing. First I had purchased tickets with a discount code. She had a "Turn Back Time" special where the second mezzanine level tickets were only 50 bucks. When my mother and I arrived to our level there were obviously people in our seats. I didn't want to be rude so I asked an attendant to seat us. Instead of walking us to our assigned seats and kicking out the rude folks who were in there, she moved us to the orchestra seats. We were about twelve rows from the stage off to the left side.      The first song Cher walked to right where we were and I could have stood up and hugged her she was so close.  Even at 64 years old, she looks amazing.  I agree with other reviews there were quite a few costume changes, but they don't call her a diva for nothing. I really liked seeing all the sparkles being that I'm not all that familiar with her music. I too was a little sad there was no encore, after the last song the house lights go on and everyone just piles out. No clapping, no bowing, and no giving a round of applause to the band or back up singers. Just little round confetti and booms it's over. Still I really enjoyed the show and the Colosseum is beautiful.
3	First off, I'm not a Cher fan. At all. It's not that I don't like her, I'm just really apathetic about her. Besides the Sonny and Cher stuff there's only about 3 songs of hers which I like(and out of those 3 there's only 1 which I would go as far as downloading to my iPod). That said, someone offered my mom free tickets to the show. We both figured why not and accepted them.The show is actually very well done. I wasn't that into it because like I already said, not really a fan but it is impressive. I also liked her stand-up routine at the beginning(even though rumor has it it's the same at every show?)Pros:The Colosseum is a very nice venue.It was free for us.She performed all 3 of the songs she has which I like as well as Sonny and Cher stuff.She looks really good for her age.Cons:Overpriced at face.Way too many costume changes and interludes.Supposed recycled comedy routine.It is a pretty nice show even if you aren't a Cher fan, but I don't know if it's worth going out of your way for if you don't have a hookup(unless you're a really big fan of hers).
3	I really wish I could give Cher's show 4 stars. But I cannot. However, this show is probably the most "Vegas" show I've seen in my 4.5 years of living here. I've seen a lot of shows, and no other show says Vegas to me as much as Cher. Why? Well, the costumes, the opulence, the gaudiness, the skin, the singing, the dancing, the stage, etc, etc, etc. I would actually give the show 5 stars on just being the epitome of Vegas. Okay, enough with the fluff, on the review. I am not a Cher fan. I only was familiar with 4 of her songs prior to the show. Also, I did not pay for these tickets. My wife was able to score some freebies. I don't think I would have wanted to pay full price for the tickets, but I am very glad I went to the show. So, the good:1) Stage: Wow...no wonder the tickets cost so much. The scenes and props are pretty incredible.2) Cher: She is a diva, but she can sing. She wasn't even 100% (as she admitted), but she is able to belt out the tunes.3) The performers other than Cher: her "back up" performers (live band, singers, dancers, acrobats, etc) were very talented. It reminded me of Peepshow except these performers have way more talent. 4) The music: Cher performed her songs, as well as a couple songs that are not hers. This was a nice mix (e.g. Bob Seger's "Old Time Rock & Roll).The so-so1) Cher: she is a Diva. She likes herself a lot, and it shows. Also, she only actually sang for about 30 minutes. As other reviewers mentioned, she does change costumes after every song. Fortunately the other performers are great so you don't notice too much.2) The transitions. When the stage was transitioning from one set to another, old video clips of the Sonny & Cher show or movie montages were shown. This was fine and all to see how Cher got to be where she is today, but there were more videos than actual signing by Cher. As a warning, there is a lot of skin shown (by Cher and others) and Cher enjoys some vulgar language. I didn't expect this, I didn't have a problem with it, but it was not something I would have assumed for Cher's show. The venue was really great, though a bit cold. It was easy to get in and out of as well.I'd definitely suggest this show to my parents (if I could get the tickets a little cheaper), but as I mentioned before, you would be hard pressed to find a show that is more Vegasy than this one.
1	more then half the show is watching video of Sonny and Cher. I could watch that on TV.I paid $225 and was very disappointed wiht the quality of the show.I really like Cher. She is in great voice, funny and fabulous costumes, but Forgettable. She needs to go to a Barry Manilow concert.
4	Cher, who was as divalicious as anyone could have expected her to be, came on in all her glory and performed a set that included not less than 13 costume changes. She took us all the way back to some Sonny and Cher stuff and brought us current. She also sang a fair number of covers which I enjoyed. I would say there seemed to have been an excessive amount of time spent with us watching video clips or dance numbers as Cher did costume changes but it was wholly worth in. Especially the hot man on man acrobatics! In true diva fashion she finished her set, went offstage without thanking or saying good night to anyone, and the lights quickly came back on. I do wish she would have performed an encore, "Song for the lonely", I was very dissapointed that she didn't perform that song! Other than the crowd all being 30 years older than us on average and being fairly lackluster during the show I enjoyed every minute of it. We got our tickets discounted through travelzoo so I'm not at all mad at the cost. PS - she loves her gays :-) Go Cher!
2	A girlfriend of mine was in from out of town and, who knew she was a closet Cher fan?!Anyway, she wanted to go, so we went, even though I am not a Cher fan...The other reviews pretty much captured it--  lots of covers, lots of Sonny and Cher nostalgia, few songs from the Cher solo era.BE WARNED.  THIS IS NOT A CHER CONCERT.  It is like a variety show.  Don't get me wrong, everyone definitely needs to give Cher some props for being 60+ and getting on stage in a sparkly body stocking.  She looked fantastic.  AND, this is not one of those "comeback"/"reunion" shows in which the headliner is really too old to be on stage...  she did get down with her dancers and her voice is still there...BUT, the covers were really confusing.  Why?  She's been in the music business for like 40 years, and she couldn't pick out enough of her own material to fill an hour and a half?AND, we didn't understand the overall flow of the show...  I think there was supposed to be some implied "chronology of her life" thing going on, but (again), if it's HER life, then why not HER songs?  Each "number" was introduced by a video montage of Cher footage--  from the Sonny and Cher era, from her movies, etc., then the screen would go up and everyone (Cher and dancers) would be in some period costume and she would sing a song that was not related to the introductory montage, and maybe not related to the period costumes...AND, the costumes were definitely over the top.  I agree with the previous reviewer who said that they could definitely have dropped a couple of costume changes to give us a little more music.  The show was 1 song = 1 costume.  The introductory video montages were not exactly short, to give everyone time to change...  It got kind of old after a while.If you are a fan of the "big Vegas production", I would recommend Elton John over this any day of the week.  Him, his piano, some video, some background effects and that's it = great show.  Cher, 15 dancers, 15 costume changes, countless collages of Cher photos over the years, and few actual Cher songs, just ended up producing a show that was  mediocre at best.
4	Loved the show -- amazing production value. Simply amazing. I like Cher and her humor and sense of whimsy was refreshing.  Loved her warmth with the audience. The costumes -- shoes/clothing/wigs -- WOW! And the videos showing a glimpse at the history of her career were a real treat for our group.  We were fine in our seats toward the back of the theater. However, our section was a bit mellow. Very mellow, actually.  If your group wants to really party and dance in the aisles, I'd recommend buying a seat in the more upbeat front section.
3	I effin love Cher. I've seen her once before and was excited to see her in Vegas.I think i was expecting way more. I never saw Celine in Vegas but have her concert on DVD and it looked beyond amazing. Very theatrical. Cher... was not. Her show was just like any other Cher concert... i was expecting to be theatrical with a huge production... but i was let down. Don't get me wrong. Cher sounded and looked AMAZING! I understand I was at a Cher show and i should have expected many, many many many many x100139 costume changes... but really Cher... after EACH song?! I couldnt get into the concert because when she was done with one song.. she was off stage... then came back and so on. It woulda been nice if she did at least 3 songs in a row to get the party started ya know what i mean?!The Colliseum is nice and a lot bigger than i expected. The sound wasnt all that good... kinda sounds like youre at a movie theater... not a rock concert.
2	Eh, it was an ok show, nothing great. SHe talked nonsense for way too long, spent tons of time changing into costume after costume, not much singing going on, although when she did sing, she sounded good, I wasn;t feeling this show.  I saw Cel;ine at the Colloseum a few years back and she was amazing. Can't wait for her to come back!
3	This was a really odd show.  Not as odd as Bette Midler's show in the same venue, but nowhere near as good as Elton's show.Where to begin...Okay, if like me, you grew up with Cher in music and movies, it really is a kick to be in the same room with this legend.  You see, my parents were going to this show and they were treating me, and so I kind of forget about what a fan of Cher most of us really are.  I'm not sure the big ticket price is worth this kick, but if Cher isn't worth such a price:  who is?That said, the show should match the ticket price.  I've read below folks were disappointed that this was Cher's normal stage show and not some extravaganza.  Are you kidding?!?  Correct me if I'm wrong here:  major set changes, constant costume changes, dancers, acrobats, a rock band being rolled in and out, rear projection -- this is normal and nothing?  I don't think so.So the money was being spent, the spectacle was on stage -- but what was missing?  Coherence.  The show was all over the place.  Cher makes her big appearance (which I won't give away but was fun) and then she gabs and gabs and gabs.  Not particularly good gab.  One story wasn't worth the effort.  All of this gab in a get up that is anything but elegant.  Then she tells us she won't be talking to us again much.  That's really... stupid.  Cher's gab reminded me that her thing was to be our sarcastic but funny pal.   Cher is a natural at this, and so -- in the theatrical sense -- she should be talking to us on and off the entire night.  This is her unique strength to exploit -- FAR STRONGER than her aged figure and dated/fat revealing get-ups.For instance, just one song into the show she appears in a zoot-suit as a hispanic (?) dude and you're like HUH?  Is this really necessary?  If you ask me, there's a kind of f%$& off message here -- as if she needs to immediately hide from the audience in order to feel comfortable.And when you consider how many times Cher leaves the stage and HIDES (under the excuse of a costume change) you begin to wonder if this lady of notorious bravado is really the world's most insecure girl.What kind of tied this show together is that Cher took us time traveling through her career, almost in chronological order.  Ahh!  The IF I COULD TURN BACK TIME tour.  Got it!  Makes sense, right?And so why not have Cher TALK to us about her career a little while she's recreating classic moments?  And having some fun at her own expense -- stunned that she was ever that thin, for example.  I had forgotten her natural sense of humor -- and that's what this show wanted you to forget.  This became glaring when Sonny appeared in two different 'tributes' without Cher saying a damn word about him.Look, if she really hated Sonny and was thrilled to be rid of him, it's time she confess with a snarky but kind anecdote.  If, on the other hand, she misses him, it's time to bare her soul a little.  If both are true, sauce for the goose.  More human, Cher, less Bob Mackie.Of song choices, another mixed bag.  Some hip and interesting covers for the 'kids' (U2, Marc Cohn) but at the expense of major Cher hits.  Did I really need that trainwreck of FIRE DOWN BELOW instead of I FOUND SOMEONE?  Nope.At the end, when BELIEVE hit the Colosseum -- I couldn't tell if we were at a premature crescendo -- or merely an everything and the kitchen sink spectacular spectacular.  The acrobats were spinning, the confetti falling, the band pounding but ultimately show was more of a Cher sampler than an exemplary show to recommend to anyone.  And at top dollar ticket prices ---- that matters.
3	Too much time spent talking at the beginning, shortened versions of songs, poor ending.
1	Saw Cher final performance on Feb. 5th.  Went to LV from NY o catch her finale as we have been big fans for yrs.  The concert was the lowpoint of our stay.  She totally sucked.  No energy at all, and I hope that this was her last show because she has become an embarrassment.Have been to 100's of concerts over the years, and this was the first time that there was no curtain call or encore, particularly shocking since it was (I hope) her final performance.  This seemed like a deliberate insult to the audience, which was full of her die-hard fans.  She should give all of our money back.  She's become a joke.
4	i am very lucky to have gotten a last minute ticket to her LAST las vegas show. i had my reservations but it was CHER... she's a legend!! and it was free. :) my friend and i trekked over super last minute, grabbed some uber expensive glasses of champagne and sat down two seconds before the lights went down.Cher flies in on a beautiful gold cage... flashing lights... flashy clothes... a fabulous start to a blinged out fabulous show. granted she is 60+ and her moves are minimal to obsolete... i still had a great time. her voice was amazing and i could not help but OOOOH and AAAHHHH everytime she had a wardrobe change. which was quite often. :)over the years she has changed her style but her style is classic... glittery, beautiful, magic, fun. she even sported her signature tights and leather jacket look from "turn back time"!! i especially loved her chain-mail-hair, silvery-bodysuit, white-fur-coat-rowing-a-boat-on-a-misty-stage look. one MAJOR prob i had was all the fluff and nothing between set and clothing changes. she would sing a song and there would be 10-15 minutes of nothing. so although she didn't sing too many songs.... to me the clothes themselves were worth it!
2	I thought I was lucky to get tickets to Cher's show but well, my review will be quite mixed.  #1 - she didn't really sing that much, maybe 5 or 6 songs max#2 - the audience watched the big screen a ton#3 - we watched dancers, acrobats, and the band#4 - there were lots of costume changes, in between 2 - 3 minute songs.Two full song: Believe, and If I Could Turn Back Time.  All others are medley's and 2 min short or reprise version. I have to say, I enjoyed watching the band play more than watching Cher.  Oh, and since this was the last night of her show in Vegas, it was also fun watching fully dressed impersonators all over the place.  :)  Otherwise, it was not worth all the $$$ we paid for.She needs to sing and/or perform more. I could have watched videos and paid less.
2	Love Cher and she looks great. I just didn't like the constant "medley" format. I came to listen to whole songs. Unfortunately, she is off the stage changing more than she is on it. Didn't come to watch the filler acts either. Very disappointing. Saw Bette 3 times in this venue and she outperformed Cher big time. This surely is for die hard Cher fans. Sadly, the energy just isn't there.
2	My future MIL is a HUGE Cher fan - like, the biggest ever - so I had to fake interest when she announced that she had bought tickets to see her.  I also had to fake amazement at the show once it was over.  But I'm gonna let my Yelp buddies in on a little secret... can you keep it?  Okay, here goes...I HATED IT!Phew.  I feel better.First of all, I got a bad taste in my mouth when Cher came out and immediately began making jokes about the people who were doing construction on her sets.  About how dirty and smelly they were.  These people were working hard to make her show a success, and you sit there and talk about how they didn't deserve to "kiss your feet because they were too smelly"??  I kid you not... she said that.  So already, she was off to a bad start.  Most of her monologue and gabgabgabbing (which was CONSTANT) just made her sound stupid.  I don't know if she's a moron in real life, but she sounded like one... talking with absolutely no point to anything.  Sometimes I don't think she remembered what she was even talking about.  But she's Cher, so I guess she can do whatever the hell she wants.Just like other reviewers I wasn't impressed with the (lack of) cohesion in this show.  It just felt disjointed.  And she really could have spent more time singing and less time projecting video on jumbo screens.  I feel like I spent more time waiting around for Cher to show up onstage than I actually did watching Cher perform.Although I used to love the typical Bob Mackie-inspired Cher costumes, it's starting to feel a little tired to me.  She is getting older now.  I always hoped she would age more gracefully than she has.  Or maybe I'm jealous because the old bitty's abs are tighter than mine.  Who knows.I gave Cher two stars rather than one because, well, she's Cher.  She can do what she wants and she will always command the high ticket prices.  There is something to be said for legacy.  However, there are plenty of other shows I would have rather been seeing.
4	I was glad to have finally seen Cher before her show ended. =)We were staying at Encore, just a 15 min walk from the Coliseum but we didn't have time to walk so the cab it was. The Coliseum was fun to look at outside and great to experience the venue with it's rows an rows of seats and the stage design. When we arrived at the box office, we though we were late because we got there when the show was about to start but the box office person told me the show started at 7:15, "Cher Time".I had know idea what was Cher time until he told me, she decides what time the show started and when she starts performing. I was like Wooh, talk about Diva! lolThroughout the show she performed most of her hits, from the Sonny and Cher to the current. They also showed her life with Sonny, different movie roles and the highs of her career.  Great performance I should say but I wonder if she was lip syncing during the concert.
5	I have seen this woman 5 times. This show once and the rest actual tour concerts. I went to see her Palace show as a gift for my 19th birthday. The night of the show was actually her birthday, a few days after mine. I could yammer on about her for days but I'll keep this as short as possible. This woman is an absolute professional showwoman. The deep thought, prep, and attention to detail epitomizes her approach to her show and the care she has for her craft. Albeit not alone, Cher makes every effort in making an incredible show. For those trying to compare it to an actual concert and calling it a lounge/variety act, well duh. That was the intention. She wasn't doing a massive tour, she was doing a Las Vegas show. And she did it fantastically. She's hilarious and incredible to see live; whether in concert or in Las Vegas show setting. One of my favorite moments was right before the show started. I was in the first section, closer to the stage but second to last row of the section. A lot of old folks want to see her show and aren't all about standing up, dancing, and well, doing what artists intend you to do at their shows.... party. There was an older couple behind us and, while nice, told us that they'd prefer if we didn't stand up. So I told them I couldn't promise that and told them to switch us seats. However, I asked the usher what the policy was on that and they replied, "oh no, Cher herself has instructed us to remove anyone who complains about someone standing up during this show." I about lost it with laughter. That's my girl!
5	Saw Cher at Honda Center on July 9, 2014 and she was spectacular!  Her outfits and props were great as usual and her voice was super!  She is an American Icon! The Honda Center was rocking to "If I Could Turn Back Time"!  Cyndie Lauper was excellent and closing with "At Last" was powerful.I highly, highly recommend Cher's concert!
