5	My favorite Chinese restaurant inside a LV casino.  Wake up with a hangover and order the fish congee and beef pho soup. Even more of an incentive to come here, they also take Harrah's Total Rewards comps. FREE food = happy poor gambler.
5	Last time I was in Vegas we stayed at the Rio, and I have to admit the room was dated. The shower had a little window, it was like a sneak a peak window or something I thought it was the funniest thing ever, or the most perverted thing ever, however you want to look at it. Anyway, my eating experience there was terrific, first there was the Sports Deli, which I will cover in another review, this one is all about Mah Jong. At first glance you think it's a normal restaurant with waiters, but then you get to the cash register and you order your food, then they call you to pick it up and you find a table to sit at. The quality of the food is fantastic, I had the egg noodles with veggies & BBQ pork, it was delicious. They don't skimp on the BBQ pork either, these were thick pieces of meat, so sweet & savory. I'm going back to Vegas in May and that will be the first place I stop for some good grubbin. So if you ever find yourself craving for some good Chinese, stop by Mah Jong, you will love it.
5	I told you I would be back and my word is as good as gold. First day in Vegas, we stop by my favorite Chinese restaurant for lunch. I ordered the duck plate and descended to my happy place. The duck was cooked to perfection, it sat atop a bed of white rice & baby bok choy, with some pickled carrots & cucumbers. I had a hard time deciding between the duck or BBQ pork w/egg noodle soup, both are equally delicious. I decided to try something new and it was fantastic. I cannot say enough good things about this place, it is truly a hidden gem at the Rio.
5	This is some really good Chinese food!  It's located in the Rio food court area.  I always try to eat here when I stay at the Rio.  Everything I've tried has been delish..... [[chicken]] friend rice, sweet and sour chicken, beef and broccoli, lo mein, wonton soup.... Nice service, decent prices.  The portions are big enough to split between two people.  Or be greedy like me and dont share hahaI gave it 5 stars because it's vegas and im not too sure how legit any other chinese food places.  They have panda express out there but I think Mah Jong is better! Come out and try it, you wont be dissapointed!
4	Inside the Rio Hotel...I'm sick.  So I got the shrimp wonton soup.  It was good.  But small.My brother got the combination fried rice.  It was good.  But small.For $11-12 a dish it should either be fan-freaking-tastic yummy or be served in bigger portion.
4	Fast food atmosphere - but great food! You order like you're at McDonalds, but when the food comes, it's delicious. You pick up your order when your number is called. Food is served in plastic bowls and plates with plastic utensils (wooden chopsticks though). Prices are high considering the fast food ambiance, but still well worth it.I started with really good spring rolls. Then when I saw the size of my main course, I thought twice about finishing my appetizer. The duck soup was  piled high with crispy, fatty duck pieces. Underneath was a delicious soup full of egg noodles. I washed it down with a Tsingtao beer. A confession: when I was done, I didn't bus my table like I would at McDonalds- after all, this is Las Vegas.
3	So when you are in Vegas and you need some thing before you start drinking the night away, think about getting chinese food. Why chinese food? I have this theory that the greasy the food the better the alcky doesnt soak in your stomach. haha! The first night we got there we were in a rush to head out to XS, so we stopped down here since we were staying at the Rio. The prices for the dishes range around 10-12 dollars for the main dishes. You might think these prices are steep but its family style and the portions are pretty big! We had the general chicken which came with a bowl of rice, and chow fun. Everything was nicely cooked and not over seasoned which I came to the conclusion that there probably wasnt MSG in the meal which is always a bonus. They have a full stock of condomints: soy sauce, sriracha, garlic chili sauce, hot mustard, sweet sour sauce and many more. I also liked that the cooks in the back were old chinese guys so you know the food has to be sorta legit hahaha.  The last night there we had the food again, this time me and my gf split the hot and sour soup and the Singapore noodles. Now that I look at the pictures of the duck, I should of ordered that too.
3	Mah Jong is a Chinese eatery just like a food court-type place.  You go up to the counter and order your food and then wait for your no. to be called out.  The food is not too bad but a little on the pricey side.  We ordered the Beef Brisket Noodle Soup which was pretty good.  We also ordered the Dan Dan Noodle - it was only OK.  You can ask for cups and get your own water from the pop machines.  Sure saves some $ that way.  Better still, order a cheap drink from the casino and then bring the drink to your table.
3	Being that this place is inside the RIO, I'd say that they have a pretty captive audience - especially late at night. That being said, its still a decent little spot to eat at if you are staying here. I ended up staying at the Rio on some comped nights for the new years so I found myself here in need of some food to soak up the alcohol in the system late at night. Had tried a few different things from this place. The braised oxtail was good - but not nearly as good as the oxtail soup from the California casino in downtown - anyone who has eaten that late night, knows what I am talking about. One of the best anywhere. The Yang chow fried rice is really good and if you have some other dishes with rice already... getting the bbq pork without rice is a great option - its like twice as much to get it with rice! The only consideration is that if you are mobile and have a car... you are right near a huge Chinese food area on spring mountain road where you can get more bang for your buck. Then again... when you are in a casino, you already know that you are going to pay a little more and hopefully you have gambled enough to get some free food comps. Don't look for anything too fancy here... It's really like a cafeteria where you order and pick up your food and go sit down at an empty table to eat afterward.
2	Chinese ChowWe were defeating the system as we purchased a mini Heinekin keg @ the on site "one stop shop" in the Rio. Beer filled Starbucks cups in hand- we walked around the casino and finally planted our butts @ the food-court like area right next to the sports betting. Perfect!Brew, the Lakers game, and a few steps from some grub. I hovered back and forth from the two choices and Mah Jong won (but not by much). A $12 hot dog verses a $12 Chinese food.. take YOUR pick. Highlights & Low-lights:*Pricey but think about where you are*Ordered the BBQ Pork Soup: The broth wasn't flavorful AT ALL but it's nothing a LOAD of hot and hoisin sauce can't fix*Pork itself was good but overly fatty*Lines can get long so of course the wait can get lengthy as well*Service was middle of the road *Lots of condiments out for your taste buds pleasureYes, I've had WAYYY better Chinese food. Would I go back? Maybe if I were staying in the Rio again and had my fill of Buffet madness. Not bad but not tooo good either!!
3	For a place at a decent casino ran by Chinese people, you would think it would be pretty delicious.  It was actually pretty plain.Had a chance to taste shrimp pad thai (I know, pad thai at a Chinese place?), chow fun, and sweet and sour pork.  I've had things taste better at a Panda Inn.  Their versions of Pad Thai and Chow Fun were not good examples of how to cook noodles.  Both were on the chewy side.I usually like any kind of sweet and sour pork, but they were on the salty gooey side.  I don't know why I went back to try other items at this place, I should have known by the way they cook noodles.  I won't be back.
4	Even though the dishes average $10- they are big portions.  Great for sharing.. Pho for $10?? pretty expensive right? But you don't have to leave the hotel if you are staying here, so that is the convenience... the yellow noodles were just okay, i liked the pho a lot better, and I was very surprise they are very generous with their portions, so generous that the 2nd time we went back, we had to request for less noodles and more broth.. the noodle soups here are loaded with lots of noodles, lots of meat and beef balls which is great since you get a lot for what you pay for.  I would definitely recommend sharing because they are big portions..Only thing I didn't like was the crappy bowl that it came in...It was too flimsy and hard to eat...Definitely a great spot to come to cure hangovers if you are staying at the Rio..
2	Overpriced Asian fast food...It's not only Chinese - they have Thai and Vietnamese items... which I refused to try. I'm not a fan of Chinese food outside of Chinatown and SGV. We only came here because fast and easy.I got a BBQ pork plate - $6.88 and it comes with NO rice. The cucumbers taste horrible in it too. It's a small plate too. Very expensive for what you get.Notes:* It's actually made by Asians tho (saw them cooking in the back)* fast*expensiveOverall... no thanks.
2	Not sure how to rate since this is Las Vegas but if I visited this place near me it would be 2 stars.My meal only cost around $9.00 and could feed two people. I didn't have the time to go elsewhere since I was at a convention at the Rio I got what I thought was three broccoli stems with two shiktakki mushroom caps and a few shreds of carrot with a (Maybe) fried slightly crispy block of tofu with slightly hard rice on the side but after eating more I discovered this might be Chinese broccoli because of the ONE leaf I discovered.The sauce was mild and flavorless and the steamed white rice was hard and crunchy.The Chinese broccoli steams were very hard to cut with the plastic forks they give you here and the sauce was too mild to enjoy. But for a Casino this was extremely low priced and maybe better to some people. It was low priced but would go elsewhere If we had the time. It will do in a pinch.
1	The food smelled soo delicious when I got there. I ordered wonton noodle soup with the egg noodles. I had high hopes.I was promptly let down. The egg noodles weren't chewy at all. They were overcooked and soggy. The wontons were obviously store bought from 99 ranch or the likes and probably the cheapest kind you can find. There were meager servings for Chinese cabbage in it, and it was overcooked and not crunchy on the inside. And don't get me started on the broth, er i mean the water that they passed as soup. There was no flavor at all. I would have expected a place that has a great"international buffet" to have a somewhat decent  "Cantonese" food.Perhaps I'm being too harsh. Perhaps I expect too much. I want my 9 dollars back. Not only it was 9 dollars, but it was served in a crappy ass plastic bowl and the nastiest kind of chopsitcks you can find (which I had to ASK FOR- they gave me a fork!) Did i also mention NO WHITE PEPPER? You aren't a true Cantonese place without it! Thank you Mah Jong for ruining my favorite dish.
2	Eh I didn't expect much out of this place from my first glance at the menu. Orange chicken is not considered real chinese food sigh... Regardless, I had a long day without food so I basically went for the first restaurant I saw in Rio. I ordered the duck noodle soup because it did not sound that bad. I thought the duck was actually alright the skin was crispy and there was actually a large portion of duck on my noodles. However, a lot less could be said for the noodles. The noodles were so dry and hard.. not fresh noodles at all more like instant ramen texture. Considering I paid 10 bucks for it they could at least use fresh noodles? Anyway I say skip this place unless you are desperate like I was.
4	If you are craving Chinese food, Mah Jong will not disappoint, especially if you are staying at the Rio.  All the BBQ rice plates are good and even the Sweet and Sour Pork w/Rice.  Prices are a couple dollars more than Chinatown but the chef's are very good.
