1	Just left this location. The red head is definitely not friendly and I guess the store picks & chooses when a military discount is applicable to their military customers. Which is weird because this store has always applied a military discount when a valid ID is presented.
3	Typical mall location of Pac Sun. Decent selection but could be much better. Numerous employees available to help but can get annoying with their pushy sales attitude (the same girl came up to me asking if she could help 10 times, I clearly didn't need help). Got some good deals on t shirts though. Buy one get one half off when I was there. What really impressed me was the customer service when I asked if they had a shirt in medium. She checked in the back and couldn't find one. But she then checked online and found what I wanted in medium and for less. Good work from the Maui girl.
1	I work in retail, so I have higher expectations whenever I go shopping in a store that isn't where I work. I needed some cute tank tops and was also looking for shorts for the bf since it's like 110 degrees right now. They were having a BOGO 50% off the entire store so I decided to stop in after I got off work and check it out. Ok first of all, what happened to their AC? It was super hot inside!!! I know sometimes AC units can crap out, but at least be apologetic about it. No one even acknowledged that it was  hot except for other customers. Second, customer service was awful!! 2 girls were just in the corner talking and were trying to hide while on their phones. They just kept chatting it up while there was a huge pile of clothes on the floor about 3 feet away from them. When I walked by them to look at tank tops, neither one of them said hello. Another time I was there, this tall kid was just hanging out at the register not even talking to other customers. The little brunette cashier, I think she was the manager, was nice and rang me up. The layout of the store was pretty awful too. Crap everywhere on the floor, hangers all tangled up with each other and stuff not even in the correct spots. I found a shirt in the clearance section but was also on one of their other tables. Like is it on clearance or not? Maybe of their sales associates weren't talking so much it wouldn't be that bad. I stop in every now and then to check out any deals they may have, but I know that my experience is going to be bad.
4	I've been to this location twice now and have never had a problem. The staff can seem a little overworked and frustrated but have always been helpful and nice. It is an outlet mall, so they do see higher than normal traffic.The selection could use some improvement. It is very limited and repetitive. The prices are good, both times I have walked in, there was a buy one get one 50% off sale. So I cannot complain about that. Each time I have checked out, as soon as I showed my military ID, I received a discount. The cashier was friendly and doubled checked to make sure I found everything and knew all the promotions going on. Pretty good store, especially for an outlet location.
