4	A new bar hits the North West side! My wifey and I know two of these 3 sisters (3 sisters = Times 3) from their past lives at the Heights. We are so happy for them that they jumped on this opportunity to take it on their own.I hear the wings are really good, but haven't eaten there yet. My wifey and I have been there 3 times (really) now and each time the place was full of fun, nice, folks and our service has been great (thanks Melissa!).I've definitely been overindulging in their $7 for a shot and a beer special. Beer is a domestic tap and the shot is either Jager or Fire Ball. YIKES!Keep up the good work! See you soon.
5	Clean setup! Nice patio, specials r nice and simple to find posted on the wall all thru the week. Green chile burger is super good!
5	Incredible wings! Great staff and family owned just makes it that much better! I can't wait to go back for lunch! I will tell my friends for sure!
5	I met  Roxanne, Nocole and Anna couple of days before they opened Times3, and I have to say what a breath of fresh air to have three not only beautiful but wonderful ladies owning and running a sport bar that is fun, welcoming, great food, no nonsence no attidue issues (The girls just wanna have fun ) and an awesome atmosphere. I always look forward to going there. The whole family makes me feel right at home every time! When your having a bad day Times3 is the way. YOU ROCK TIMES 3!
3	Great place to have drinks since I haven't been able to try the food yet.But the friendly staff is always making sure your OK and pouring nice drinks.    Not many sports bars in our neighborhood but Times 3 Just made things a whole lot better!
1	Not a pleasant experience. The music was very loud, hard to have a conversation. We ordered the appetizer sampler, two chicken fingers, two mozzarella sticks, the nachos were canned flavorless cheese sauce, a few black beans, stale chips and a sprinkling of tomatoes, absolutely tasteless. I ordered the fish and chips for an entree, when it came out it had 4 small pieces of over cooked fish, slaw that came from a bag and bottled tarter sauce, the fries weren't bad. That plate was $13! Another one of our party ordered the burger, the patty was pre-made and previously frozen! The staff was in attentive and seemed like they were doing us a favor by taking our order. One appetizer, 3 ice teas and 3 entrees= $60.00! I will not be back nor do I recommend.
5	Great little neighborhood bar, it seems to always be packed Friday and Saturday night which is nice.  I always have a blast here since it is usually not to difficult to get my friends to meet me here and have a few drinks.  I have not eaten food here but the atmosphere is great.  Its pretty good in size with a large outdoor patio.  The place is owned by 3 sisters which is how they got their name.  Prices seem fair for a neighborhood bar and I hope I eat something here but it appears that I like coming here for drinks instead..ha ha
3	This place is a much better bar than it is a restaurant.  We have been there several times and food is mediocre and high-priced for the area.   A hamburger for $13+ is absurd in a neighborhood restaurant/bar.  Nachos are almost twice the price as across the street at Mi Familia and not near as good as they don't even use real cheese but instead using some sort of liquid cheese.However, the atmosphere is nice and fun with good music (sometimes live music).  They do have reasonably priced appetizers during their Happy Hour.  So, plan on going for an appetizer and drinks but not for lunch/dinner.
4	Patio was nice. Service was very quick. Quesadillas were good, daughter gave chicken fingers a 6/10 (she is a cranky teenager), wife gave wings 9/10. We will back but I hope they add a craft brew to the tap.Came back for an ASU game. It was a great place to watch the game. Servers were great, game was on many screens, and it was a fun crowd to watch a game with.
4	Cool place.  Good food.  Great tv screens and friendly service.     Try the Philly Cheesesteak :)
1	Just like other reviewers, I also felt  that this place was small and dirty.  Bathroom wasn't clean.  It seemed like only regulars were getting good service, all the others were left with attitude and bad service.  Bunch of gym rats and meat heads are regulars here to look at the waitresses and flirt with them. I would advise against taking your family there.  Not a neighborhood family type of a place.  food was ok...too pricey for the service that they provide.  .
3	Typical sports bar in an unlikely suburban shopping center. I was surprised it was as busy as it was after seeing the failure of it's Italian restaurant predecessor. We just ordered the appetizer Trio Sampler w/buffalo tenders, fried zucchini sticks and "nachos." The first two were as expected, but the nachos were terrible. Skip them all together if you can! Crappy red-colored chips topped w/cheese whiz worse than the ballpark stadium. Times 3 redeemed itself because of the affordable drink prices and fun, unique live music on a Saturday night (how refreshing to see a talented, female musician playing in a sports bar on a weekend!). Sports scene looked social and lively, while still being family-friendly. As expected, lots of male 40-somethings watching the Cardinals without fuss (I didn't see any obnoxious patrons at all! YAY!). Our waitress was nice and friendly--no complaints there. I'd go back for a decent hangout in the neighborhood--especially because our options in this area are sparse.
3	It was hard to figure out a star rating for this place.  The service was quick and friendly, and we liked the food.  The XXX wings were spicy and flavorful, nicely crispy.  Do note however that they are sold by the pound, not the usual dozen, and a pound is 8-10 wings.On the other hand, the place was insanely noisy.  It was a Sunday afternoon so it's not like they were going for a night club atmosphere or something.  They just had their music turned up to an annoying level.  I don't know if we'll go back because of this.
4	Nice neighborhood sports bar. Good atmosphere.  All 3 sisters are as sweet and friendly as they are beautiful.  Great staff good food for a sports bar.  Great drink prices. I think I have found my neighborhood bar
4	We have been here twice in the past month and it seems to always be busy. Very small place, seemed like everyone turns their head every time the door opens. Food is GREAT, huge portions for very reasonable prices. Would like to see more drink specials. Great music, Friendly girls, thank god we finally have a little neighbor hood bar close by.
5	Very nice local bar! Love having such a great place close to home! Each time I've been the service has been good. Very friendly staff and reasonable prices on drinks!
5	If you love a local hang out spot this is the place! They have great good and the atmosphere is spot on. The staff is wonderful   And friendly. The bar is kind of small but don't let that be a factor for the amount of fun you will have. Wall to wall TV's make it a perfect spot for football fans!!! Come out and have fun at this amazing bar and grill!!
1	Again - why doesn't Yelp allow for Zero stars?How bad can a place be?  Pretty bad.  We stopped in for lunch and thought we would give it a shot.  The prior place was Italian and we heard was pretty decent.  Boy this is the antithesis of that Italian joint.First off - the place was dead empty and my rule has always been - if it's that dead whomever is working ought to try super-duper hard to win me over and get me back there.  Not a chance.There is some loud mouth jackass guy sitting at the corner of the bar (balding and fat) cracking dumb jokes with the staff, expecting us to chime in.  Not a chance!  He needs to just STFU and stay away.  He said "thanks for coming in" when we left, so we assumed he was the owner or manager. We ordered two drinks and nachos.  The nachos were so, so, so bad. The cheese was that fake crap from a movie theater and the salsa was definitely Pace.  Harkins movie theater nachos would be way better.  I mean... you don't have cheese for your nachos?  Does it go bad since no one visits this place?  We would have been better venturing across the parking lot to Taco Bell. Our drinks were empty - even though the place was empty and Mr. Smarmy cracking his lame jokes.Stay away - stay far away.  We need some real food on this corner and this isn't it.  No coupon, no offer would ever have us go back into this dump.
4	Nice little neighborhood bar... I stopped in on a Thursday night on my way to go grocery shopping.  The bar is very small and I would imagine crowded on weekends.  Other than the small space I'd highly recommend it.  I was alone, and the bartenders and "regulars" were all super friendly to me.  I felt right at home.  Also Thursday is ladies' night and you can't beat $3 Three Olives cocktails.  Very nice.  Lovely ladies.  I'll definitely be back with my husband to sample the menu.
4	Updated review after a couple more visits.  It could be five stars with some improvements, but it's still really good.  The food I've had is great.  I love the XXX wings, though the price of $10 for 8-10 wings is quite steep compared to any other place I've been to.Service has always been good, fast, and cheerful.  The beer selection isn't exemplary but good, with a few non-generic beers on tap.  Same with the liquor selection, not large but all the basics and a few mid-level premiums are available.I expect I'll hit this place up about once a month.Note:  Cigar and cigarette smoking is allowed on the patio, whether you think that's good or bad is your decision.
5	Great place to relax and watch the UFC Fights, or just relax. The owner's run the bar and are great hosts.
4	Great neighborhood bar and grille. Friendly service, decent food, overall great place. We will be going back.
5	Hosted a party on the patio last Saturday. Roxanne and her staff were fantastic!  Thank you Times 3 for an awesome night.
3	This is a nice little kick back place to grab a drink. It is nice having a bar in the area to run over to and grab a drink, and even nicer to have a spot to go after work that is not to far from home. The drinks are always reasonably priced, and the bar tenders are always polite. They are also not to bad looking so tip them well.The food is what you would expect for bar food, so go there for the drinks and if you need a filler get the food. If you don't need a filler just drink it up and have a good time. Every now and then you will get your standard 40+ guy in there that loves the gym and wants everyone to know it, but it is still a nice bar and grill that is worth checking out if you are in the area and thirsty.Good work ladies!!!
2	As previously stated, food is marginal at best! I specifically asked the server (who was one of the owners) if their burgers were frozen or pre made, she said no. It absolutely was a pre frozen burger, you can always tell, and cost 13.00 to boot.  So don't go for the food. The drink specials seem to be pretty good, and there are plenty of TV's for all the sports fans.  Service was fair, very friendly and food came out pretty fast, but you will wait for your check and sometimes your drink refills.  The two times we went there was only one person serving the whole place and making drinks, managing the bar etc.
4	Came because somebody had reviewed and said prices reasonable. Stopped by on a Saturday afternoon. Service was good but draft beers at $6 for 24 oz is a little steep for a neighborhood bar. When I found out at check the owner was nice to come by and  discount the beers to around $5 and gave me a $10 gift card. But I don't live near here and probably won't be back. Nice gesture but wished the beer was cheaper to begin with.  Appeciated the thought. Without the owners gesture this would have been 3 stars given atmosphere is just okay.
5	I LOVE this neighborhood hang-out! The Owners are AWESOME, the Servers ROCK,  the crowd is always "just right", smoking Patio,  &, even though I'm hooked on the Quesidillas,  everything I've had has been good! AND, did I mention that they have UFC fights for NO COVER???
4	Not a bad place to drop in for a beer after a long day at work. I meet a friend up here every now and then to catch up. Drinks are reasonably priced.
4	Standard bar fare. Good service, decent tap selection.They play the UFC fights and it wasn't too crowded.I will come back
5	Owners are the sweetest girls!!! The food is good. The bacon salad is yummy and huge! Patio allows you to bring your well trained dogs to have lunch with you.
1	Not coming back anytime soon.  This place started out great, but is turning into the local drunk-fest hangout joint.  Service is good and food is decent, but we had to leave as they kept serving the drunk crowd.
4	They do good barfood. Salads are great. Wings are pretty good but not the best. The beer is nice and cold and the Decour is great. The ladies that own it try really hard and do a nice job. They are also a lot of fun to be around.
4	Great atmosphere.  Pretty good food for so sports bar.   Great place to have a beer with friends, and even family friendly as well.
1	HELLOOOOOO!!!! Where's the damn service?!?!?!? Does anybody work here???? Open bar free food I guess! HOW RUUUUDE!! Horrible service! I literally had to walk in the kitchen myself  and grab what I needed. When the food finally came it was not so bad. But hire some damn employees. Who actually care!!!!
5	Great place to hang out and watch a game or UFC fight. Cozy, relaxing ambiance...nice place to be able to have a conversation with friends. Great sliders!
2	Went here when they first opened. Happily sat on the smoking patio and had some shots with 8 friends we got to come hang with us.  Was lacking music, even low, on the patio. As expected after a few rounds of shots, in a bar, we got laughing... Security told us to quiet down so we don't disrupt the neighbors in the back. Huh?Otherwise I had no complaints at the time..... But never returned. If I have some drinks and shots in  a bar, I hope to laugh loud. Maybe this policy has changed since and calls for a revisit ?
