5	Also known as HalloweenMart.com. This location is their home warehouse, its a decent sized store for year round Halloween items. They are open from M-F (hours unknown, prob 8-4?), once the season draws near they expand their days/hours. They have several locations around the valley around Halloween. I perfer to hit the seasonal stores vs the main one because they have more visuals out.They pretty much have everything you need for Halloween. They have plenty of parking, the staff is friendly. They're kinda blended in with the surrounding warehouses, so be alert (on the east side of Decatur).Updated review:I love that this store is open year round. Plenty of selection of just about everything!
5	I am a huge costume junkie and Burning Man habitue, so I speak from experience when I say this is the BEST COSTUME STORE in Vegas!  Huge, giant selection of well-organized (by theme) costumes...plus decent  shoe selection, too!  Plenty of kids costumes as well.  Lots of stage makeup and wigs, plus a whole annex of Halloween gore decos in the back.  The costumes can be expensive (as with all Halloween stores), but the shoes are surprisingly well-priced, and the wigs and hats (HUGE selection of hats) are really comparatively cheap!  And they usually have a decent-sized clearance rack where you can pick up some real bargains :-)  I whole-heartedly recommend this store!  Friendly, helpful staff, too! **Note: it's called HALLOWEEN MART on the sign... it's right on Decatur, just south of Russell.
5	Really great selection, open year round! They have some kooky stuff! Check it out!
2	I have had two less-then-favorable experiences at this store. I don't think I will be back, despite how close it is to my work (making it easier for me to go to then any other Halloween store in town).Flash back to about a year ago. I needed some tanga panties, the cute looking little boy shorts with all of the ruffles. I was still debating what else I was going to wear to the event I was attending, so I started out with a black pair. I found them near the shoes for some reason. Didn't make sense, but their unusual placement later became important. When I bought them I was told no refunds, exchanges only. This also became important later.After purchasing my other items, I realized I needed the tanga panties in pink. So I went back to exchange them. I wouldn't normally take panyies back a store, I'd just keep them for later use... They had never been taken out of the sealed plastic bag though so I figured this was safe. My receipt said exactly what I was told when I bought them - No refunds, exchanges only.Despite this, the manager on duty the day I went back to the store refused to do the exchange. She pointed over to a different part of the store, where a sign hung that said there was no exchanges allowed on under garments. I pointed out that the black panties were not near that sign at all and instead in the wrong area. I also explained that the salesperson that rang me up told me the store policy was exchanges only and never mentioned that what I was buying was not really able to be exchanged. I ended up winning that battle. I was still annoyed buy the entire fiasco though, so when it came time to get ready for Halloween 2009, I did all of my shopping elsewhere.I have another event to attend this weekend that requires a costume. I decided to swing in after work to look for a headband to wear. When I was standing in a fairly wide aisle, an employee walked by carrying a step ladder... And she HIT me on the leg with it. Now, I understand accidents happen, but the women didn't say a word to me. If she realized she hit me, the lack of an apology is beyond rude. If she didn't realize she hit me, she needs to wake up. Either way, I am sure I can find anything I may need for Halloween or any other event at a business with better trained, more attentive employees.
4	This could be one of the best Halloween stores in vegas. It is open year round, is packed to the gills with costumes, and the staff is friendly and helpful.They are extremely busy this time of year, but the staff was willing to help answer my questions, help me find what I was looking for, and even opened the packages so I cold make sure the items would fit.Their website is a great place to check and see if they have what you're looking for (they probably will). Besides costumes they also have a ton of decor and other spooky items to transform your house into the Haunted Halloween Digs you've been dreaming of.
4	I have been here on many occasions. Always looking for some last minute additions. There are a surprising number of costume, wig, mustache (etc) parties I get invited to.Halloweenmart is a great store. They have everything you could ever need and lots of choices. It's fantastic to just wander around and browse. It's so much fun. They have every genre of costume, accessory for every holiday you could imagine.On this latest occasion, I was looking for a mustache for my fella. Luckiily they had so many varieties to choose from and they were all very reasonably priced. I love shopping at this place. Lots of fun.
5	Halloweenmart has HUGE selection of costumes, accessories and make-up! Their selection of decorations is superb!! If I could afford it, I'd buy everything in their "graveyard" section of the store!!They're open year round, which is fantastic because costumed and themed parties don't only happen in October. They're a locally owned and operated business, which is a BIG plus in my book! I don't live in Vegas anymore but I still have friends and family there and I'm all about supporting my hometown. I used to shop at this store on a regular basis, when I lived in Vegas. I think I actually bought every mustache they had in stock once. :p Although, I no longer live there, I still order from their online store often. Everyone I've dealt with, at Halloweenmart, has been polite and they all know their s**t! They all seem to enjoy their job SOOO much. Happy employees make the whole experience of shopping for costumes so much more fun!!
5	None better; best shopping experience!  Incredible customer service.
3	Halloween Mart is a big store filled with what feels little selection. They break down their inventory into themes which makes for easy browsing. The aisles are narrow and gets jammed easily. They do not have any dressing rooms so the sample costumes must be worn over clothes. They most likely frown on the public nudity, so try a size and guess if you should go bigger or smaller is the name of the game. I have been on a superhero kick lately. They have a nice selection of higher quality outfits and accessories, but you will be paying a premium for them. I just can't wait until November 1st because I will be taking advantage of that 40% discount. Be sure I will not ever miss another superhero pub crawl again. You might see me switching costumes as often as bars.
5	Researched places to buy a costume since Hawaii has a limited selection (and basically the same stuff every year)... and found Halloweenmart on Yelp! THANK YOU fellow Yelpers! Halloweenmart ROCKS! HUUUUUGE selection of costumes, wigs, makeup, accessories, and everything in between that you'd need for Halloween. The staff is SUPER FRIENDLY. I can't remember the name of the gentleman that helped me... tall, skinny, Caucasian, young... he was GREAT!!! Finally helped me to pick my costume after TWO visits to this place lol. Great items, lots of parking, friendly staff.. the ONLY downside is that they don't have a fitting room... you have to try everything on in the aisles! WTH!? lolWish this place was in Hawaii!!! :( 5 stars!!!
4	EEverything and anything for costumes !!
5	Is it Halloween yet? I love dressing up, building scary Halloween sets and this store has it all year round! No dressing rooms and costumes are all in bags so they arent the full on movie set costumes but if you get there early enough (the true reason Im here in August) you will be blown away by the selection.I cant wait till Halloween and will be back many times to purchase some odds and ends before all hallows eve!
5	Halloween Mart has a very good selection of costumes AND props....I was really impressed with this place's set up. I usually check back throughout the year too.With Halloween coming, they had a back room with all the animatronics going, squared off into separate themes. That gets this place 5 stars. Its almost a fun little walk thru on its own! Spirit does NOT even compare to this presentation. What they lack is a selection of party goods- no plates, cups, napkins. Go to Party City for that. But they do have professional grade makeup for sale, which is kind of interesting. No 3 color face paint wheels there! They have GOOD quality stuff that I would actually buy when I was taking a special effects makeup course...worth checking out this season!
5	Bought a groupon, cuz I knew I needed a lot of halloween stuff this year!I went in for a pink wig and left with wig, makeup, and candy,lolThey have a really good,safe,low theft system...NO dressing room, so wear minimal clothes if u wanna try on stuff.They allow you to try wigs cuz there is no refunds on them.You don't have to print your groupon,just let them scan it off your phone.They prob have the best selection of all things halloween I ever seen.Love the "graveyard" with sections of animatronic pirate skeletons, zombies, babies, clowns, etc!!! awesome!!! Even my 9-yr old loved that area!Above all,go now, while there is not a line out the door and there is still decent selection.PS: check out my profile pic-that's my new wig!! JEM!!
4	Halloween Mart was a life saver for me on Halloween this year. I procrastinated on a costume and was left trying to find something quick.  It was about 8 PM and almost everything was closed.  I yelped around and found this place.  I only had an hour and made my way here.As soon as I arrived, the first thing I noticed was that I wasn't the only master procrastinator.  This parking lot was packed and this gave me flashbacks of my retail years working at Party City.  Before I walked in, I expected an unorganized and crowded mess.  I was wrong, just the opposite.  Halloween Mart knows Halloween!!This place was well ran and I take it that they prepare for this.  One entrance and one exit to prevent the shoplifters from doing their thang. Went in and was greeted by almost every employee.  I must have looked lost, because multiple different employees offered assistance.  I eventually found a quick custom and headed towards the line.  Line was long, but went quick.  I'm also told that this place is open all year round.  Selection and prices are bar none.  Kudos Halloween Mart for being organized, staffed properly, and being open during my time of need.  Next year, I will come early.  And yes, no dressing rooms here.
1	They offered a groupon and then were out of stock of everything! Place two more orders trying to redeem my groupon over the next couple of months and every time they responded back saying they were out of stock of those items as well. Finally I picked a another set of items and then they said it was back ordered and I'd have to wait till june to get them so i said okay thats fine. Then they call me back two weeks later and say now those items are out of stock. 8 months later and I am still trying to use my groupon. What a joke of a place. I would never spend another dime at this place!
5	Halloween Mart is the #1 dress up headquarters in Las Vegas AND on the web. www.halloweenmart.comThe retail store is open all year long.Whatever the occasion may be, the staff has an awesome imagination to bring your vision to reality. Personalized customer service from a knowledgeable staff is something I enjoy wherever I shop.You'll find everything from spooky props, decorations, holiday costumes, accessories, dance and rave gear, theatrical makeup, masks, wigs, shoes, lingerie, and so much more. I have created so many costumes and looks from this store for the past few years alone. I would highly recommend Halloween Mart to all my friends and family out there. (;
3	Very good traditional costume selection, with some added rave-wear that was interesting -  including a light-up headress.
5	Open even when it ISN'T Halloween for all your costume needs! SCORE. EDC weekend is fast approaching and although I'm not a raver, I better look like one damnit!! I walked in and found everything I needed right away. Friendly staff and I was good to go! LOOOVE IT!!!!!!!!!
5	This place rocks way better than any place ive been in town...I finally found my Halloween outfit for a lower price than e-bay or amazon! THANKS  to Tavia and her great above and beyond service im going to look great and cant wait to send all my friends here to find their halloween must haves!!! Or just cool costumes for whatever the occasion!
4	If looking for anything Halloween related Halloween Mart is the spot.  It open year round so if not every October or looking for costume for theme party fairly good chance find it. I came in search too fill out some accessories that I lost from few years back outfit. I walking around looking at current outfits or see maybe the trendy outfit this year. Little frustrating cause they have lot of stuff looking for little accessories. Needle in the haystack. Thankfully being October they are full on staff and constantly people walking around asking if you need help. I got lead in the right direction and happy that had couple of options rather then just one. Sure Halloween Mart help frill out my Halloween outfit. The staff there is friendly, helpful, and no doubt can tell they have the Halloween spirit. The only thing steer clear from is as it gets closer too Halloween it zoo and more then likely more popular items will be out of stock. Happy Halloween!!
3	It's bigger and better organized than the stores that pop up only during the season, but it's not overly impressive.The wig selection is really good, and I wouldn't go anywhere else for those.In general the costumes are a bit expensive.   But that's not really the fault of the store as the MSRP is high these days.  You won't find much under $40.  Most are in the $50-$70 range.The staff is helpful and friendly.I like the system here where the costumes out on the floor are floor models to try on and an unopened bag is presented on checkout.  It's annoying at other stores when a lot of costume bags are missing parts, and you won't have that problem here.
4	After running around to a few different stores in search of a Halloween costume I finally stumbled upon Halloween Mart. This store is full of great costumes and props and the best part is that it is open year round.  They have a ridiculous selection and a lot of staff to help you with whatever you need. They don't have dressing rooms and make you try on the outfits in the aisle but other than that the store is awesome. If you can't seem to find a costume go there and be amazed especially last minute.  Overall I will definitely be coming back here whenever I need to dress up in the future.
3	Good selection every year of costumes although like every other costume shop the prices are crazy for the cheap materials most costumes are made from.  They do have a great selection of wigs and other props.  Didn't spend too much time looking at decorations for the yard, but it looked like they had a good amount of stuff for that as well.  This place is open year around which is great if you have a dress up party anytime other than on Halloween.
3	wide variety of costumes and accessories.  but the store isn't as big as some of the others in town.  and it is a tad bit more expensive than other places around here, but its not a total rip off by any means.  if you don't feel like driving to town square or some other costume shop, halloween mart will suit you just fine.  just expect to pay a couple of bucks more here than somewhere else.
5	If you're looking for a costume of any type, this is really the only place to visit in Las Vegas . The selection is large and the prices are fair also.
4	Good selection of costumes for all ages. As long as you go a week before halloween there are hardly any lines & plenty of sizes. Prices are average for any costume store. A good go to for about any costume you can think of.
5	By Far the Largest Halloween Store in Las Vegas. This Place keeps getting Bigger and Bigger. Not just a Junk Halloween store they have some expensive stuff that is quality too!#yearround -15% discount for tao group employees!
5	If you are looking for a place to buy costumes year around, you need to hit Halloween Mart.  They have EVERYTHING!!!!The service is great also.  Carrie, Heather and Ann all do whatever they can to help customers.Be aware, this place gets crazy at Halloween.  Plan to shop early!!!
2	They are open year round and have the largest selection of costumes and accessories that I've seen. There are no dressing rooms, so you'll have to try everything on in the aisles. Each costume normally has a set specific for you to try on, but if you need a different size and they don't have a sample in that size then you're SOL. The customer service left something to be desired. I went in yesterday trying to get an early start on a costume for my 5 year old. I found a wonderful costume online, but I'm often nervous about making online clothing purchases and not knowing if it'll be a proper fit, so I thought I'd see if they had it. I was immediately greeted by a man who asked if there was anything he could help me find. I told him about the costume and even showed him a picture. He said he'd check their computer and made a point of telling me that he'd find me in the store if I left the aisle I was in. I continued looking around, but after 20 mins...He didn't return.I picked up a small mask that caught my child's eye and made my way to the register. The man was there along with SIX others, buy none of them said a single word to me. I awkwardly looked about me to ensure I was standing within the roped area that signals a customer is ready to purchase and still none of them asked to assist me. Finally, one of the pudgier guys who had walked back and forth behind the counter and made eye contact with me twice before...looked at me again and without saying anything just waved his hand to motion me forward as he rolled his eyes. I get to his register and he says "I'll help you." There was no mistaking his unpleasant attitude. Most of the costumes here can be found elsewhere and much, much cheaper. I went to Party City before going here and Halloween Mart is selling the same exact Queen of Hearts costume for $40.00 more than Party City. If it's not Halloween and you absolutely need a costume and cannot wait to have it shipped from online then, ok...you can go here as a last resort. It might be a better idea to try the costume on here and buy it online as Halloween Marr isover priced and the staff is rude.
5	Great place to pick up some cool costumes. I really like the Zombie Zone----a haunted house with scary zombies.  Will come back again.
4	This is my favorite Halloween store. They literally have everything you could possibly need. This year they have an awesome set up for their mini haunted house in the back of the store, where you can choose the characters you want to buy. They also have a makeup section with a person who specializes on makeup. Prices are high, but if you want to skip the 10 trips to different stores and get everything at once, I would go here. Also, their wall of masks is amazing. Thumbs up!
1	When I first got there it was the night before Halloween . There was a line out the door, it did move pretty quickly. Once inside I was pretty overwhelmed, no space to move around and very tight packed store with loads of Halloween last min shoppers . I started immediately having anxiety , when seeing the tight isles and lack of selection. The spooky part of the store was cool to look at . ( makes the line on the way out a better & fun experience )  Originally I was gonna go to spirit Halloween at   4457 W. Charleston Blvd in Las Vegas instead, which was open later and much closer to me...but I figured id give this one a try, since they are open year round and said they also specialize in lingerie and wigs. I was looking to go all out this Halloween but not nearly as much out of pocket as this place cost me. First Con- there was absolutely no fitting rooms . This immediately reminded me I won't be shopping here again next Halloween or probably ever . I immediately should of left and went to the other Halloween store close to my house , when I realize there was no fitting rooms! My friend even insisted I do , and decided to call the Halloween store on Charleston immediately to ask if they had dressing rooms to try on the costumes and yes they did! But I drove all that way so I figured id try to make it work. And I was already in the store after waiting in line outside to get in, & if I left By the time I got to other Halloween store they would be closing. I Didn't want to do this again tmr the day of Halloween and wanted it done tonight . (Mistake!! I have to go back there tmr now anyway which I will explain below!)They tell you to try on stuff in the Aisle over Clothes. The costumes on the floor  available are samples so they are all stretched out from people trying them on. Pros- they give you a new costume up front at the register  from the back, upon check out if they have it in stock. Con- those ones fit much tighter then the ones that have been tried on a million times. So when I got home my costume was way too small and tight and I now I must hope I can exchange it and find my size when I have to go all the way back first thing in the morning when they open. However!  even if I only got to try on the stretched out sample ones in an actual  "dressing room" and not over my clothes! I still would of had an idea how it look and how skimpy and tight it was on . And it would have saved me the time money and hassle of trying it on at home only to find out it doesn't work for me. It was hard to see how much skin this costume would actually be showing when trying it over clothes. And it fitting completely different. They need to get a dressing room ! We will never buy costumes again there because of this! Not really any selection. I've seen better at seasonal Halloween stores . This store was smaller then most seasonal Halloween stores. It reminded me of like an aahs. Cons- no refunds! No try on's and no refunds . Weird cuz I couldn't decided which costume to get because  I needed to see how they looked on my body type to figure that out . So I felt I was forced to buy all three and if I don't like them she said I have till close at Halloween (one day) to exchange it for store credit .I was rushed in the store cuz they were closing trying to getting everyone out and didn't realize till I got home one of my outfits did not come with the pieces it said on the package!  ,  and they didn't have a new one of this costume, and it was already opened as a sample on the shelf, so they don't do exchanges so I'm stuck with a 70$ costume that doesn't fit n is missing components ! The prices are much higher here then the seasonal Halloween stores I been to before also. So much for giving a new place that I thought was cool for being open year round a try .Now first thing when they open I have to go try to exchange my one of three costumes I purchased for one that fits! And also complain about the one with missing pieces, And hope for store credit on BOTH or an exchange !!I'm very dissatisfied with my experience here. Once the store opens and I go back, if I am treated fair and get to do the exchange /store credit for both items I am unhappy about :one that didn't fit and the one with missing pieces , and find what I need, then I will update my review and give it another chance for quality customer service . But they really need to get some dressing rooms! For now this place has left a bad taste in my mouth . See you tmr Halloween Mart . Ps. They did honor my 5$ yelp coupon for checking in here. I never had such a bad experience at Halloween store . Spooky . Happy Halloween.
3	I made the mistake of coming here a week before Halloween, because being a procrastinator I needed a costume for a Halloween party I was going to that night. This place was PACKED! I had to wait in a line outside just to get in the store. They must have only been allowing a certain number of people in at a time. When I finally got inside, there were tons of people everywhere. The store is set up by aisles, and then broken down by type of costume. So in one aisle you might find a variety of things like princesses, action figures and 70's costumes. The aisles are all labeled so you know where to look. People were trying on costumes in the aisles (they DONT have fitting rooms) and it was a madhouse so I had to make my decision quick! I ended up choosing a rabbi costume for myself and a Jason mask for my man. Total came out to about $54, yikes! Halloween costumes are quite pricey! I then had to wait in a line before the line to pay! Lines everywhere! It moved pretty quick as they had about 10 cashiers on. We ended up having a blast at the party and everyone LOVED my costume. I would definitely shop here again, they are open year round so hopefully next year I can go months earlier to avoid the rush.
4	Great store to get all of you halloween needs, my 2nd year getting my costume there. Friendly staff and plenty to choose from. Want to make shopping for halloween easy then check this place out. Also I'm pretty sure they are open year round for anything you might need.
3	So despite their lack of dressing rooms n not so cheap prices  ! They did accommodate my exchanges even on the final sale item, To get the right size and a different costume of my liking ! Jason was a big help. I probably won't shop here again but was impressed they took care of everything when I went back . And I didn't have to wait in line again for the exchange. So I have updated my rating! Thanks Halloween Mart
4	I came here last night to get a mardi gras costume. The girls that work there were nice and helpful. There are a lot of costumes, masks, wigs and lingerie. I liked a lot of costume they had there, I wanna buy them all :) The price was decent, they had sale too and I was able to try 3 at a time. They had dressing rooms. As I was ready to pay for my costume, some tv crew came in to shoot a tv show and I had to sign a waiver and they took my photo as well. I want to stay longer but couldn't.
5	I came here to look for a Santa costume. They had a great selection. I like that they have sample costumes to try on and a dressing room. They have sizes to fit almost everyone and prices that are affordable and some that are expensive for the nicer costumes. The Hispanic guy (oops, I'm bad with names) that worked there was extremely nice, friendly, and made me feel welcome. I would definitely come back here the next time I'm looking for a costume.
4	I ordered from them on-line and didn't make the connection that the store is in Vegas until I was offered free store pick-up during checkout.I picked up my order with no problems, and browsed the store too. Sale items are marked with neon tags- helpful! Besides costumes & accessories, they carry some lingerie, stockings, etc. Not a great selection but worth taking a gander. They also have some party items that can be used year round.
