5	a rainy day in Montreal - rare for early summer weather... my friend and i wander around St Denis trying to pass some time before meeting friends.Suite 88 looks like an expensive jewerly shop - minimalistic decor but simly elegant. things are behind glass cases on display, very chic.----------------------------------we ordered a chocolat chaud and a chocolat froid - hot and warm chocolate. sat down by the window to watch the passer bys.a minute later, we were FLOATING in the luxurious decadent taste of hot chocolate. buttery and smooth, it was the absolute PERFECTION of a hot chocolate. trying to describe it here would be an insult, for how can one ever capture the essence of beauty with mere words?words fail me, but the imagery is real. both my friend and i seperately claim this was the absolute BEST hot chocolate we've ever had. in our lives. and to this day it remains so (I've tried many, including Christopher Elbow in SF, but none came close).the cold chocolate was ok. good but not memorable. we fought over the last delicious sip of the hot chocolate, and know that this moment is engraved forever in our taste buds' memories. art.----------------------------------on another visit, i bought a belgium waffle here. (no one i've met yet in the bay area knows what these are that i am talking about...) this is not your breakfast-waffle. It is a denser smaller version of waffle dough, glazed all over with sugar syrup so it  is sticky to touch. they place these waffles in little wax envelopes, so you hold the hot little waffle freshly baked in your hands and munch as you walk.my friend protested so - 'oh i'm not hungry, i don't want any of it AT ALL'i forced a bite-size chunk at him and made him TASTE it.of course, this turns into an arm wrestling match because now he was fighting with me for the rest of the waffle... warm, rich, gooey, sugary goodness...  I have yet to find anywhere that serves this in the bay area, but i have not stopped hoping..5 stars for AMAZING hot chocolate and fantastic belgium waffles. the chocolates are good too.
4	Oh my gosh - on a recent trip to Montreal (June 2010) we wandered into Suite 88.  The only thing we tried was the ice cream, but the Chocolate with Sea Salt ice cream has got to be my favorite ice cream EVER!  The Chai was also good, as was the triple chocolate and the plain old chocolate, but the Chocolate with Sea Salt was amazing!!!!
4	C'est fantastique! We went to their other location after a day of sightseeing. It was just what we were looking for. A jewelry-shop-esque chocolate boutique. I had a caramel fleur-de-sel truffle and my friend had a chocolate-covered oreo. All the chocolate was divine along with our hot beverages. I highly recommend this place.
4	I knew there was one place I wanted to visit on St Denis - and it was Suite 88. I could still remember the truffles, the earl gray chocolate bar and the amazing hot chocolate I'd had a few years ago. Nothing has changed. It's minimalistic displays, the comfy red couches by a fireplace and the helpful staff. A note on the hot chocolate: you can have a traditional, or flavoured. I highly recommend the mint chocolate. It feels like Christmas in a cup. It's rich enough that you definitely don't need whip cream, but I wouldn't fault one person for getting it anyway. When indulging why not go all out! They were even so kind as to split ours into two and offered it with soy to reduce its richness. Brilliant.The menu on the counter is French on one side and English on the other, just in case you're wondering what some of the flavours are. Fave snack next to a hot cocoa has got to be the dark chocolate covered pretzel. Perfect blend between sweet and salty! Just one small eye roll when it came to the presence of many, many, many vases of fake red roses. I know Valentines Day is coming up, but is that really necessary?
4	After a shopping trip down Rue St. Denis, my boyfriend and I decided to stop by this cute little chocolate boutique for a sweet treat...and boy, did we get one! We shared a mint hot chocolate (the waitress was kind enough to split it into two cups for us) and a chocolate fondue biscotti.  I know it sounds like chocolate overkill but it was SO good!! We were in a chocolate coma afterwards...The next time we're in town I'd love to try some of their unique looking chocolates...Only downer might be is that the prices are a bit steep but based on the couple of items we tried, the quality is definitely up there and probably worth it. :) I'd definitely recommend this place for anyone with a sweet tooth!
3	Do not succumb to the chocolate brownie.  At around $5, I expect a lot more.  This was better than your average, but it was just there.  Maybe we should have popped it in a micro and had it with a side of vanilla ice cream, but we picked at it right out of the bag, in our micro-less hotel suite.  Sad.Do try the litchi ginger chocolate.  As a rule, I do not like white chocolate.  This one, though, made me smile.  Our little bug enjoyed a gelato- lemon and the choco orange.  The choco orange has little hunks of orange rind.  To die for.  Loved, loved, loved the choco orange.   They also serve a little chocolate bar (milk or dark, you choose) on top of your gelato.  Hence the 3 stars.Pricey- we must have blown at least $30 for chocolates, gelato, the aforementioned boring brownie, and such.  I rather spend that at Chocolats Privilege but that is just me.  I just wasn't in the mood for pricey, single origin chocolates I guess.The bathroom was super clean.  That was the only bathroom that I could get the bug to use that day, which is a major thing when you are potty training on the road.  It earned her mark of approval as she said "This is a good bathroom!"- ha.  Sparkling white, nicely scented.  Much appreciated.
4	The gelato here is out of this world! I can't say much about the chocolates themselves; they're highly priced and something I haven't had cause to buy. But we always come here for gelato when we're on Saint-Denis--whether it is July or January. I think the chocolate-based flavors are better than the others, but I don't think I've ever had gelato here that I didn't like. Recommended--if you can find the place. Suite 88 is one of those little shops that is never exactly where I thought it was, and I end up wandering up and down Saint-Denis, laboring to find the correct cross-street!
5	This place is heaven on earth. If you ever feel down just go to this place and order a waffle toped with milk choclate. If that doest make you happy , i dont know what will.
4	A friend brought a tray (and I mean a tray!) of their chocolate shooters to a party at our place. Very yummy, very cool, unique gift to bring! After reading the reviews, I think I'll have to try out their gelato!
4	Suite 88 Chocolatier was located just seconds away from our hotel on Drummond Street.  On our last night in Montreal, we were lured by their display of gourmet chocolates.  The space itself is bright white, which definitely makes for a bright space, and attracts you in to the store.  They sell gelato, coffees, truffles, chocolate bars, artisan chocolates and sipping chocolates.  However, being a specialty store, the prices are not cheap.For 2 green tea chocolate bars, 6 truffles, a large gelato, a small gelato, and a cup of sipping chocolate came up to about $33.  Seating is limited, so secure a seat first prior to ordering.  The staff are all incredibly friendly and all gelatos are topped with your choice of chocolate "coin."  There were some interesting gelato flavours (e.g. pepper flavour) and the matcha flavour in the green tea truffles and green tea chocolates were also delectable.
5	I cannot even express how AMAZING my experience was at Suite 88. First, I was combing Montreal for a place that served Liege Waffels that was also open on a Monday. I wanted a place that specialized, but I was a little disappointed to find that the only place I could find was a chocolate shop.We ordered 2 waffles, one plain, and one drizzled in chocolate. I also ordered a hot milk chocolate with maple.HOLY. MOLY.First, the waffles. They were dense and studded with those delicious pearls of sugar, and perfection. BUT THE HOT CHOCOLATE. It was so thick. Perfectly thick, really. Like, the consistency of a melting milkshake. The maple was a perfect combination with the milk chocolate. I'm so heartbroken that I live more than 1,000 miles away and it will be such a long time until I am going to be able to experience it again. PERFECT.
4	After a long day of shopping with my GF, it was my turn to make a purchase...and of course, I chose chocolate! ;-)  This place on St. Denis was wonderful.  I walked in initially and spoke with one of the owners/chocolatiers, and she was so friendly and helpful.  I went to get my GF who was enjoying her latte next door.  We must have spent 30 minutes in this place learning about the chocolate, sampling a choc cov strawberry and purchasing the goodies.In the end, we walked out with:- a sampler bag of choc covered: blueberries, sea salt, pretzels, ginger and more.- a chocolate bar tinged with ginger- a chocolate bar infused with orange- a coconut brownieThe coconut brownie was the only so-so item, which is what had me give this place 4 stars...which really should be 4.5 stars.  But, the chocolate itself is amazing!Oh, and ask for Simon...he's very helpful and nice!
5	When we discovered this secret in Montreal.......we discovered heaven! The gelato and chocolate was as good as we had in Paris several years ago. They have 2 stores in Montreal, the servers were friendly, and couldn't have been more healthful with choices. Also, we took home some super chocolates, especially on with Chillie in it....and Lemoncello.
5	So I have a lot of 'favorite' places but I can assure you that I am quite discerning in my choices :)Suite 88 is my go-to for gifts, dessert or when I just want a little something sweet after lunch.  First, their brownies are to die for - you can get them as-is or ask the clerk to warm it up for you. Their hot chocolate is rich and smooth, and super chocolatey - a bit rich for my taste, but they make a lovely Mocha. In addition to the above, they have coffee, waffles and gelato (which is quite tasty and refreshing on a hot day).In terms of chocolate... what can I say? I've never had something I didn't like. My two favorites (for myself or as a gift) are the Mosaics, which offer a lovely variety of flavours, such as Limoncello and Maple, and the Truffles (green tea, Grand Marnier, etc). You can purchase individual pieces if you like, or pick up a box. I usually go for the box of Mosaics because it makes a fabulous gift. Sadly, the truffles cannot be purchased in a box.  You can also find chocolate 'shooters' (with flavours like Hypnotic) and domes (with flavors like orange valencia and ginger-litchi). No matter what you buy, you will love it!Both the de Maisonneuve and St. Denis locations have a small lounge area where you can enjoy coffee and/or dessert, however they close around 11pm on weekends, so you have to get there early!
3	I would give them a 3.5/56.5/10 Brownie was dry.9/10 Green tea hot chocolate was yummy7/10 Chocolate waffle.... I had betterSeating is limited but we came around night time so pretty much was empty
