3	Back in June I wrote an unsatisfactory review of this company due to them damaging our gazebo from the fallen palm tree branches. We've come to an agreement and they were nice enough to replace/compensate for the damages it caused. Thank you for that so I'm sure it won't happen again. They have been nice enough to work things out with us no matter what and has shown good customer service regarding the issue. It has been resolved nicely.
5	These guys were awesome enough to help me out with some questions I had about some plants dying in my back yard.  Found it its because of some virus they pick up at the nursery.  I have not used them for any tree issues or services yet, but I will FOR SURE come back to them when I have a need - just because of how they took the time to answer my questions and help out (and I didn't even pay them to do so). Very cool when businesses act like this IMO!!!!
5	I referred a good friend of mine in Mesa to Tree Doctors and they had an excellent experience.  The work done turned out very nice and they provided excellent customer service as well.  I am happy that my friend found a great tree service company and happy that the service they received was so excellent, given that I referred them.  Good work Tree Doctors.
5	So after a huge wind storm this year I had one tree fall down and three of them start leaning over.  I wasn't sure what I should do, cut em down or try and save them, and I was worried about one falling on my house.  A friend of mine told me I should call a "Tree Doctor".  So I did.  One of their MDs came out and evaluated my trees or I guess he used a bit of his "Treeage" skills...haha get it like "Triage".  Never mind.  Anyway I could tell he was flat out honest with me and did not try and hard sell me at all.  I would have easily ripped out all my leaning trees if he had told me too but he only recommended that I get rid of one of them.   Super nice guy to and I enjoyed talking to him.  Call these guys if you have any questions about your trees, my bro even used them to bring his trees back to life.  It was an absolutely free quote I know because I didn't decide to use them until a few days after, no gimmicks and they guy was totally fine with me taking a few days to think about it.  However, the price was so good to get rid of the badly leaning tree and the fallin tree...I just used them.  That part was a breeze aswell....only took them a few hours and everything was all cleaned up...they even swept off my driveway.
5	I had these guys come and remove an old dead palm tree from a tough spot in my yard.  They confirmed my appoint and were there right on time!  I would recommend them with full confidence.
5	I had a ton of citrus that needed trimmed, these guys were able to finish the job in one day. Very pleased with the finished product. Thought the price was very reasonable.
5	Very professional crew.   Clean up was the best of any landscape company I have used.   The crew chief was excellent at communicating with me.   When I added a few more items to the list they handled it fairly with no issue.Had them back to take out out a few stumps on another occasion again no mess left behindRecommend
