3	Eh18$ for dinnerall you can eatThe chinese food was pretty good.  Standard greasy chinese.  Mmmm.They have a sushi bar, and the sushi was AWFUL.  I don't even know why I tried it.  So yeah, eh
4	Nice staff. Clean resturant. Great place for big groups because it's all the same price. Makes math easy. Food was so so, but consitent on quality and presentation. Would return.
5	Hmmm...I'm surprised that this place has only garnered 3 stars overall so far.  This is by far my favorite Chinese buffet in Phoenix.  I have not had any of the experiences noted from the above reviews....room temp sushi and greasy food.  The sushi has always been excellent in my opinion but I'm no sushi expert by any means. But it has never been "room temp" in my experience.  As for the food they are definitely well above average in my opinion. They make the best sweet and sour soup that I've ever tasted to date!!   The decor is very upscale and pleasant looking.  So far I've always found it very clean in appearance and have been very satisfied with every visit I made to this place.
4	Okay so the food is not that great, and it's a little pricey and tucked away, but it's great for family days.  Since you go up and get your own food, my kids don't look like the wild and crazy baboons they really are, and they can get up and move around when they need to. I also love the little sushi bar, and I love ordering as much as I want.please make sure you have a few dollars to leave for a tip.
5	This big, modern place already had a good crowd on hand when I arrived around 11:30 AM for lunch on a Monday.  I got situated in a comfortable spot & the table service was prompt, friendly, and attentive.One look at the salad table & I could tell this place was something special if everything tasted as good as it looked.  I had some of the chicken salad, crab salad, salmon salad, & "regular" salad, and all of them were especially good.  In fact, EVERYTHING was especially good here... the eggplant, the egg foo young, the chicken, the mushrooms in a gravy, everything!  Also, there were unusual dishes, nothing was greasy, and even the sushi was extraordinary.Lunch $8.99/Senior $8.09 - Full bar - Full service sushi bar.  Warning:  Dinner prices are much higher!
5	When Hoa called and said we were having a reunion of former branch employees at a Chinese buffet, I wasn't at all apprehensive. My normal concerns with such eateries--will the food be maintained at a proper food-safe temperature, is this seafood fresh, how long has the sushi been sitting out, will I be able to make it home before my intestines rupture--dissipated because Hoa knows good Asian cuisine. She is, of course, born to Vietnam and world traveled. Let's start with my happiest aspect about HKGB: the sushi. No, it's not the best sushi in the Valley, but they make it fresh for you on site. You can stand there and watch it being make, grab a soup or something else to munch on, or just sit at your table and chat awhile. Afterwards, you can head back for more sushi or veer over to the more traditional offerings of a Chinese buffet: sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, crab legs. Now let's review the not-so-shiny aspect: the price. Yes, it seems a little steep that we paid about $25 per person with tip (and I made only two rounds) but when you factor in the 2 hours we spent there, grazing, catching up, grazing, passing Lisette's daughter around, grazing and making plans to keep in touch, it's really not such an outrageous amount to pay. If you find yourself in this part of town, craving Chinese and are wicked crazy hungry, give HKGB a shot.
5	We tried this place do to my looking up a place to eat while we were in the area, having our staycation at the Arizona Grand ResortHong Kong has to be the best Chinese Buffet I've ever been and I have eaten plenty. Everything was delicious.  We went for dinner so it was 15 and change for adults and our kids were 10 basically.   The sushi bar was awesome. Instead of having a chef put out 5 or so different kinds of typical sushi. There is a chef making sushi to order. the menu to order off of is pretty extensive. My kids and had quite a few crab legs. The crab legs were also not your typical buffet grade. They were cooked perfectly and the meat was easy to remove and there was a lot of it.we didn't try the Mongolian BBq but, we be back.
5	Oooh what a treasure. 5 regular restaurant stars? Nah. 5 buffet stars. This place does appear a bit on the pricey side if you go for dinner, but we went for lunch and it was very reasonable. Plus, look what you get: all the normal Chinese buffet stuff, PLUS the whole Mongolian grill table experience, PLUS all-you-can-eat sushi, made to order. You literally just walk up and order fresh sushi off of a fairly extensive menu, and it's all included in the price. It's better than all-you-can-eat steak night at the Sizzler.The food is fresh and tasted great. They have a great selection that goes beyond a lot of the typical buffet stuff, like frog legs and lychee fungus. Trust me, it's very refreshing. The hot and sour soup is phenom. They had 99-cent bottled beers as well.Also, the staff is really nice. The waiter assigned to our table swooped in at regular intervals to grab dirty dishes and refill glasses. He was friendly, efficient, and nearly invisible, which is pretty much the perfect recipe for a waiter.Try it for lunch at the lower prices and see for yourself!
3	I'm not the biggest fan of buffets namely because it's not conducive if you're on a diet, and I'm not a big eater. So a buffet would be a waste to me since the price I'd be paying would not be worth it. With Hong Kong gourmet it isn't that much of a waste because of what they offer. I believe it's $14 for dinner which includes the buffet, sushi bar, and mongolian grill. If you want to load up on seafood then the price you paid is worth it and surpasses that. I enjoyed being able to get some stir-fried squid, tilapia, and scallops, and some sushi altho mediocre was sufficient enough for a seafood feast. I like the selection and you know it has to be good enough when half the customers are Asian so that has to count for something. The dessert bar is eh altho it's nice that there's a fresh fruit alternative complete with lychees and some other tropical fruit that I'm not sure of but tastes good. Anyways, if you're looking for a good Chinese buffet this is not bad, it's good enough!
2	They can't decide if they want to be a cheap buffet, or slightly more upscale Chinese restaurant.They've got the cheap Chinese buffet quality that I love so much, but not the cheap prices to match.
4	Since moving from CA to AZ, I couldn't find a decent Chinese restaurant.  Then I found this place and I couldn't be any happier.  The variety of food is endless.  And having the sushi station is a great plus.  Although the sushi station is quite a wait due to only 1 or 2 people working there at a time.  The mongolian noodle station is also great.  It's different from just having the regular chow mein.  And if you're not sure how to make it, just ask any of the cooks and they'll help you make the right mix.  Price:  $15 for all you can eat Chinese, and made to order sushi, plus a dessert bar.  You just can't beat it.
4	Good quality chinese food for a buffet!
4	Noticed that some yelpers don't really write reviews thats more than 1 paragraph or so... hopefully no one thinks I'm crazy for writing essay-like reviews on each one of the location that I've been to.  One paragraph is simply not enough room for me to describe a restaurant.With that said.. I totally forgot that on my Southwest tour I also visited a buffet while I'm in Phoenix...(Peter C. really enjoys my buffet reviews so I'm gonna make sure that I review each and every buffet I go to! Just for you Peter!!!)So it's about 8:15pm and we just arrived into Phoenix from Sedona after a 12 hr road trip...  I wanted something to eat but knowing that simple burger was not gonna do it.  So to treat my buddy I've decided to find a high reviewed buffets to indulge on!  (Thanks yelpers!)The place closes at 9:00pm so we had to work quick...  It's a typical chinese style buffet that you can find in LA dime a dozen ($14.99 for dinner which is little higher than the buffets here in LA)... The location was very clean, the dining time we went was completely empty....(maybe that made it look cleaner?)  There were 4 stations with about 6-8 hot trays with your typical food fares such as orange chicken, beef with brocolli, lemon salmon, fried wonton, crab rangoon, bbq ribs, prime rib, mayonaise covered mussels, simply steamed clams, string beans, fried noodles, fried rice, fruit salad, salad bar, and a very small selection of sushi bar that had like 3 types of sushi there...(Mongolian BBQ dude was on break or something....Not Available!)Overall the taste was half decent or was it because we were so hungry and that we had to finish up our meal fast because we still got another hour to go on the road?  Whatever it was the salmon was delicious and the ribs actually tasted really good.  Friend got the noodles with orange chicken, beef brocolli and thought idelicious as well....  I know for a fact that these chinese style buffets can't get any better or worse  (Unless you are Bamboo Garden then there is a great chance you can screw this up!), so as long as the food is not overly salty and has a respectable service, the experience should all be about the same...( I often wonder if all these chinese buffet chefs came out of a same buffet culinary school?  There's gotta be a hidden buffet university catering just to aspiring chinese buffet chefs!!!!  Seriously, how does buffet in CA taste the same as those in AZ?  or in face WA, OR, etc.?  )I'm guessing we were just really really hungry that is why it was so good.....Insanely 4 stars reviewed based on this one time visit....  hopefully I'm not too off.....  Good service though!  (It took us 20 minutes to be in & out of that place!  Call us The Flash of Meals!!!!!)
3	This place was really nice inside. It was very classy and the waiter was attentive. The food was just whatever. Nothing too great. The sushi was made to order but came in very small portions. Since all I wanted to eat was sushi this made it very difficult and awkward for me. I don't really like buffets ;{That's why I'm trying to be nice about it. It's really unfair for a person who doesn't like buffets to review a buffet. My boyfriend said the food was just okay. Everything was cold. Decent...but cold.They had Mr Pibb though and in my book that earns an automatic star. I don't care what you say. That's a very important thing!
4	I can't say I'm a big fan of buffets.  I can never eat enough to make it worth while.  Seriously, how can you keep stuffing your face after an hour!  However, I enjoyed my visit to this buffet.  Nice Sunday dinner gathering with the family.  I was impressed with some of the exotic varieties.  Frog Legs, Beef Tendon, Octopus, etc...I feel like Andrew Zimmerman!  Bizarre Foods with Bao Hoang :)  Aside from the exotic ingredients the food from the buffet wasn't bad at all.  Sushi seemed "fresh"..... Plus, Coronas and Bud Lights for $1 with food....man I'm coming here just for the drinks!  I like their decor since I am Asian I dig Asian art.  They definitely added an extra flare to make the place pop - totally dig the decor surrounding the Sushi bar.  - enjoy!
4	The over all look, feel and customer service of the place was awesome, but I love the fact that they have sushi and crazy items like chicken feet, sea snails and red bean fungus soup. Eating there is definitely an adventure!
5	Let me just start by saying that I gave my rating based on other buffets. This one is amazing! They have raw oysters, delicious sashimi, crab puffs, all the classic dishes and even a Mongolian BBQ station. This place is also extremely clean! It blows pretty much all other buffets I've been to out of the water. On top of all the wonderful food they have a full bar. I think they display the beer so you'll drink that and eat less. Sorry suckers, I'm not falling for it. This isn't my first time at the rodeo! I like beer just as much as the next girl but I'm saving the prime stomach real estate for FOOD and lots of it! I heard family night was on Tuesday and read that children under 11 eat free after 5pm. If you're a single/unmarried/childless adult I would probably stay away from this night. I read a review once where someone praised a buffet because their children got to run around and release their energy instead of being couped up in a booth. I did see a little bit of this happening at HK but nothing major however it wasn't family night to BEWARE! Also, you can't use the handy little yelp coupon on family night which isn't fair to those of us who don't receive a discount from that promo but oh well. Moral of the story is don't go on Tuesday!
2	Does anyone expect a lot from a Chinese buffet?  Should they?  There were excellent ones in Washington DC, so I know they exist.  Should I temper my review with the knowledge that most Chinese buffets are far inferior to this one?  Does that make this place any better?  Sigh, I don't even know where to begin.The place is not disgusting inside - if you want to call that neat or well-decorated, I don't know if you can.  I don't think I'd go that far.  Servers are fast and attentive with drinks and clearing plates - you have to appreciate their hustle.The majority of the items on the buffet are absolutely, unequivocally ordinary.  If your mission is to eat as much food as possible for as cheaply as possible, this would be an excellent place to do it.  Seafood is especially fishy and most items seem as if they've had a long-life under the heat lamp.  Mongolian BBQ (which I'm a fan of) is a low-frequented item here, and the veggie selection illustrates this clearly.  There are maybe 5 roughly chopped vegetable choices, a confusing selection of sauces and a couple trays of meat melting in front of you.  Not terribly appetizing and the final product is as lackluster as you'd expect.The only true deal is the sushi, of which you can eat copious amounts of and have prepared for you fresh and on demand.  It's not exceptionally good quality, but at a place as low ticket as this, it's a welcome addition to see something being made fresh for you.Would not go back, and the result of reading many of the reviews here leads me to believe that if this is supposed to be the best of the bunch, I might as well give up hope on the concept of the exceptional Chinese buffet in Phoenix altogether.
2	Best oriental buffet I have experienced yet. The selection of foods is exceptional. Quality is also quite good.Update: Went back recently and quality has gone down hill. Too bad this place was quite good.
4	Alot of the items is presented neat and fresh. I like how they have fresh spinach and beef cube. Didn't care for the sushi or the mongolian BBQ though. But for $7.95 weekday lunch buffet I think the value, variety and quality is there.
5	This is my favorite buffet in all of Arizona!  It's really clean bright inside, rare for buffets.  My favorite things are the little sushi bar, crab legs, and the teppan table. I've never had a bad experience at this place, really nice people work here.  It's also good for a group of people.
4	I've been to quite a few buffets and this one was actually pretty decent in comparison to the ones I've been to. This one does have an okay sushi bar; the sushi is made to order rather than just sitting there, waiting for people to pick them up. There is quite a bit of food selection here. My favorite part of the buffet is the Mongolian stir fry just because I love my noodles made to order and their grill was one of the better ones in a buffet that was decent.
4	From the moment we walked in, we were impressed by Hong Kong's open and high ceilinged space, covered with tasteful wall art - the centerpiece of the restaurant/buffet being the sushi hut.Right away, the Sushi hut  impressed me the most about the $15.99 buffet.  Whereas we were expecting some dried up rolls (made with imitation crab) on the buffet line, we were overwhelmed by the gifts of the sea we were about to receive.  The sushi chef was stationed and ready for our orders.  Yes, full size rolls ranging from the Vegas Roll to the New Mexico Roll (crab, cucumber, and avocado rolled in rice and finished with a spicy sauce, and topped with fresh tuna and lemon, garnished with smelt eggs) were there for our dining pleasure.  An assortment of plain sushi was also available, such as Salmon and Tuna.But the wonder and awe at the generous helpings of Japanese cuisine did not stop there.  One of the buffet stations had fresh sashimi of Salmon and Tuna.  The tuna was incredibly soft and buttery, and had a beautiful texture and taste.  I could not believe it!  I easily had a half dozen pieces.  Furthermore, the salmon sashimi had great flavor, and was a decent grade - although a bit dry.  The seaweed salad tasted as good as any self respecting sushi restaurant would offer, the snow peas were just-picked fresh, accented with garlic and lemon.  Kimchee and seaweed, as well as cucumber and tofy were also available.  I had a raw oyster for my first time, as they were laid out so decoratively and invitingly - I could not resist.  Not bad once you get past the awful texture...Now on to the rest...if I only I had had four stomachs this day to try it all!The fish was my favorite!  The Teriyaki salmon, (very flavorful but dry) Garlic halibut, (buttery and juicy, garlic sauce had a lovely sweet and sour finish) Sea bass, ( also had excellent flavor - lemony and salty, buttery and soft) Shrimp dumplings served on a sauteed onion ring, (fresh and plump) and tempura sushi rolls with avocado crab and a sweet eel sauce, also delicious. Crab legs, with drawn butter and lemon came last, and were also ideal for feasting!And the list goes on as I drolled over the lovely chow mein, the robust orange chicken, and flavorful chicken sesame.  The fried rice was greasy and under the heatlamp too long, but overall I could not complain.And then I moved on to more seafood goodness with the clams, which tasted fresh, and were served in a jalapeno scallion miso broth.The Seafood scampi was excellent, buttery garlic dreaminess.  The Thai calamari (small calamari steaks, spicy!) did not suit my tastebuds, but they were appeased immediately by the delectable  walnut shrimp (tempura battered shrimp doused in a walnut dynamite sauce, wow!) and whole crawfish (impressive as the only place to get craw is AJs and costs about $40/pound.  After the crawfish I became a bit more adventurous and tried a Whelsh snail, that I had to scoop out of its beautiful, conical shell.  Wow!!!! Just like ordering snails in a bourgoise French restaurant. Surprisingly, meat was tender and flavorful, a cross between scallop and clam, but filled with a buttery garlic flavor.So, the smorgasboard continued on, but alas my belly was filled and there was no more room.  There was a teppan/Mongolian BBQ station as well, at which you can select your own ingredients and sauces to have cooked to order - I merely sniffed at the wonderful aromas as I passed it on my way to the dessert. Of course I had room for the coconut macarron, the chocolate moussa cake, and the lemon bar.Speaking of bar, another impressive element of Hong Kong was the extensive cocktail menu including such classics as the Singapore Sling and Great Wall of China.  Also included were sake tinis, plum wine and sake cocktails, as well as a slew of wines and sakes.  Average cost of a cocktail was $6.50.Is this a great place for groups? Yes! Could you even host a private party? Yes!  Would I return here? Yes!  Would I come here to impress a date? Dare I say...yes?
2	The only thing really worthwhile is the Sushi Bar.   And considering you can eat all you want for $14.95, it isn't a bad deal if you like Sushi.As for the rest of the food?   Let's just say it is very, very average, and not very fresh.   The place is also starting to look tired and worn.   However, if you rate your restaurants based on the amount of food they serve - and God knows, many people do - you will find Nirvana.
5	I've been eating here from time to time, but wow, it's been 20 months since my review.  Better give them an update!I'm happy to report that Hong Kong here has been consistently good all this time, & they haven't increased the lunch buffet price, which is nice.Today, we got a little UYE together, with Gina W. & her husband, & their sweet little daughter, plus Mike C. & myself.  It was lots of fun, & one of the nice things about this particular buffet is that they vary the food some from one visit to the next.  Also, you see some delicious treats here that just aren't found at many of the other Chinese buffets around the Valley.  There was Squid Salad (good!), Bow Tie Seaweed with Garlic Sauce, Poppy Seed Salad Dressing, & Hawaiian Chicken, just for a few examples.  Also, YES, they have Chinese Snow Peas, bok choy, Kim Chee, & a number of other things that you don't often see all of at the same time at one restaurant.  There's also plenty of Sushi, & a Mongolian BBQ!Still a great place here; 5 Stars!     :-))Lunch Buffet $8.99/$8.09 Sr.
4	Well I had lunch here today and this place earned a solid 4 stars and was very close to 5. All the food I ate was real good and there was was lots to choose from that was not your typical Chinese buffet items.They had halibut in a garlic sauce {yummm} , and there was some kind of seafood and egg dish that was real good.There was bok choy which should be at all Chinese buffets but is only seen at a few. The desserts were typical except for fresh strawberries which I love and there Chinese donuts are second to none. Yay I am a fan and look forward to returning. Two thumbs up for Hong Kong Gourmet Buffet.
5	So this one tops King's Buffet for us! A tiny bit pricier because the $8.99 doesn't include drinks like King's does but TOTALLY worth it! And yes, their teriyaki chicken is better than King's too!!We (my husband, daughter, and I) met up with Rand H. and Mike C. for lunch today and it was a great choice! So much variety and everything was fresh and steaming. Service was awesome and the right amount of helpful, not in your face but there when you needed it. My only complaint was the fried rice, they only had shrimp fried rice out today and I'm allergic to shrimp so I had to pass. My husband loved everything he tried except the sweet and sour chicken, it tasted a tad bit bland to him but I thought it was fine. Not spectacular like everything else but still great. My daughter ate everything we offered her (not typical lately!) and was delighted with the beautiful fresh plump grapes they had available. I believe she also stole my husband's chinese donut and loved it too. By the way, this 5-star rating may just be the first one I've handed out to date so congrats to you Hong Kong Gourmet! And thank you for the awesome food!!!
4	Don't really care for buffets for personal reasons but this one doesn't creep me out as much and the food also very good...the crabs legs bring me back:)
5	Love this place! I think this is probably the best Chinese buffet out here! They serve quality gourmet food. And they have a full bar too. Place is clean and service is great. Would go back anytime!
4	I have been to Hong Kong many times but this is my first review. I must say every time I go, my belief that this is the best buffet in the Phoenix area is reaffirmed. Hong Kong is very consistent with their food quality and the service is always been excellent. I do agree with other Yelpers that you can find other buffets that are cheaper but you get what you pay for. My favorite feature is the sushi station. My wife is not a sushi fan so when we go to Hong Kong, I hit this station several times. The only problem is if I fill up on the various rolls and sushi pieces, I don't have room for all of the other wonderful items Hong Kong prepares. The only station I can't comment on is the Mongolian BBQ station. Again, it comes down to a lack of room more than a lack of will to try it. Oh well, maybe with my next visit I will make an effort to try it. If you are looking for a great Chinese / Mongolian / Sushi buffet, this place should be number one on your list.
4	Always a great experience
5	THE HOLY GRAIL HAS BEEN FOUND. High end Asian buffet, Sushi that is ALL YOU CAN EAT, AND MADE TO ORDER!!! YES, that's RIGHT! FRESH MADE! You go up to the dude at the sushi bar, and pick whatever you want off of the menu, and he makes it! YES! wow! Also, the food end of the buffet is top notch! MOUNDS OF TEMPURA. So thankful for finding the great reviews here on yelp!  Prices aren't too bad either - 15.99 on Friday or Saturday night, a bit cheaper during the week, and under $10 for lunch. ALSO if you mention yelp, you get $5.00 off the bill for 3 or more!!! Service was impeccable! Very clean, nicely laid out, etc.. I CANNOT WAIT TO RETURN.
4	Huge selection and the food was fresh!  Great service!  Was definitely cleaner than some of the other Chinese buffets I've been to.  They also have made to order sushi (I didn't ry it), but that's an added plus!  All that for $8.99!
4	Excellent cream cheese won tons and fried rice. Sushi bar and custom wok station!
4	so far this is the best chinese buffet i've been to in phoenix. great selection and the meats seem higher quality than others i've been to.
4	A great Asian buffet. They have a sushi chef in the middle ready to make any kind of sushi roll on the spot. They even offer brown rice options too. (Although my brown rice california rolls were a little harder than I would like)They have your typical Chinese food options like Orange chicken, crab puffs, string beans, lo-mein etc... There's a hibachi corner as well where you can make your own plates of stir-fry. The dessert here is much better than Pacific buffet in Chandler. They have a chocolate mousse cake that was really yummy. I don't think they're homemade but still didn't taste old like other buffet places I've been to. There's a bar as well but I didn't order any alcoholic beverages. My husband loved the crab legs which are always a customer favorite so you have to keep an eye out for them.I would say they refresh the buffet items fairly quickly. I checked in on Yelp and even got a $5off discount!Average dinner price is $16-$17.
5	Thank you Yelp.    Yet another awesome place I would not have found without the help of yelp.
1	This place was just half ass. $15 per person and it doesn't even include a drink is awful. They also don't RO their water and even a lemon couldn't make it taste right. The crab legs were tiny and didn't have much taste. NONE of the food was above 140 degrees as it should be. I had a plate of cold food every time. I'm surprised I didn't get sick. Such a waste of money. I will never go back and I will tell as many people as I can how awful it is.
4	Walked into this buffet not knowing what to expect since I usually don't frequent buffets...pleasantly surprised!  Great variety of food and the seafood was surprisingly fresh and unique (think oysters, clams, crab, crawfish, etc.).  I had a little bit of everything and definitely enjoyed the egg drop soup (with extra doses of red chili sauce and mushrooms).  The buffet gets 4 * instead of 5 because the meat was definitely not "quality".  Will visit this place again!
2	A little surprised by all of the great reviews here, as I was very underwhelmed. Maybe I was in on a bad day? Came for lunch, and found the chinese food to be mediocre at best. The Orange chicken I had was really bad, so dry it kind of broke apart and separated when I would cut it. I also tried the sesame chicken, mongolian beef and sweet and sour pork. Some of the flavors were okay, but all of the meat felt like it was overcooked. Maybe that was just the constant reheating from a buffet style. I didn't get seconds of anything, and while I felt bad about it, I didn't completely finish anything that I took.I don't like sushi, so I didn't try that station, and no one was working the mongolian grill style area, so that wasn't an option. For what I had, I found it disappointing, and at $11+ a drink, tax and tip, it's not cheap enough to be worth it. Service was fine, and the restaurant seemed clean, which is a plus.It may well float other people's boats, but Hong Kong Gourmet Buffet is not for me.
4	My wife and I were unsure as to what to expect after the few reviews we read that rated this place so terribly... We were very pleasantly surprised! The restaurant was clean and the servers were nice. Our hot tea was as authentic as it gets (my wife's green tea was indeed green and earthy as it should be) The food all looked good and there was a fantastic variety. Not being racist or anything but I was glad to see that there wasn't a "Mexican" dish in sight, as so many other Chinese buffets in Arizona do. Honestly I've never been a Chinese buffet fan because I'm a picky eater, usually I just end up eating the American food and possibly egg drop soup. I was glad that I ended up trying a few things I usually wouldn't eat. The sesame chicken was great and whoever that guy at the stir-fry station was rocks! Next time I'll be sure to bring cash to tip that guy for the tasty food he put out for us!!! Oh and the dessert! Holy crap the dessert... We laughed as they mislabeled the red velvet cake as cheesecake but it was delicious! And the chocolate mousse cake was exactly what my wife needed after a stressful day.All in all this was one of the most enjoyable and worthwhile Chinese buffets I've been to in a VERY long time and we will most definitely be going back!Oh and to those who rated this place poorly... Where the hell do you eat at? Did you eat Chinese food here? Are you maybe mistaking this place for somewhere else? If this place was so terrible, I dare you to try it again after going somewhere like Lin's... See how you feel after that!
4	If you're in the mood for an Asian buffet, this is probably the best option in the Ahwatukee/Chandler area. It's definitely not cheap but if you take advantage of the sushi, it's worth it. The buffet foods are pretty good. Even the standard options like orange chicken are above average. The staff is usually pretty friendly and do a good job keeping drinks filled.
5	The firs time i and my hubby dinner yesterday night at Hongkong Gourmet,anything food delicious .  after we paid, waitress give discount $ 5 for the next we coming., maybe because our the first time coming.and they bring us for  2 stamp,if after 10 stamp for the 11 th stamp free. awesome. the waitress and any worker so nice.they can speak english and helpfull.we met some people same our country,unbelieveble. if you like sea food or american food , or chinnese food, japanese food,go there.sea food not fishy. and they have sushi bar too, they have brown rice and white rice.price cheaper $ 2 than pacific  seafood buffet. maybe next week we go there again, so far with our house (40 - 50 minute),but if any food delicious, we can go.they have mongolian stir fry too. they have room for party.i think this place bigger than any buffet at arizona.if you vegetarian or vegan , you can eat this place ,they  helpfull what you want.if you have family go there every  Tuesday,because family night one child  free per paying adult age 2- 10 every Tuesday.i recommend  this gourmet buffet .
5	We love this place, been going here for years, gonna hit it up today as a matter of fact!  We have had several bday family gatherings here and the food is good, the staff are nice and the price is right.  I love their Peking Duck and walnut shrimp, but they are usually only available for dinner and on the weekends at an increased price, so that kind of sucks, but the fresh sushi bar is well worth the price every time.
5	About as good as it gets for Chinese buffet: Fresh food, dishes that don't make you go "ewwww . . . what the hell is that doing here???", real sushi made fresh, mongolian BBQ, a nice full bar, decor that's modern, sleek and clean combined with friendly and efficient service-- All for less than $10 at lunch. I'm in CentPho but still think it's worth the drive.
4	I meant to leave a review the last time I ate here this place is truly AWESOME!!! I had a great experience and the food I ate was tasty and there was a great variety. Best Buffett I have eaten at in a long time. Highly recommend!!!
4	Good buffet, albeit it's a tad on the more expensive side in my opinion.  We came here for dinner on a Sunday night for their "Super Buffet" which was $15.99 per person.This buffet offers a large selection of food...hot entrees, made to order sushi, Mongolian BBQ, soup, fresh fruit and salad, and dessert.  I liked the fried rice, chow mein, broccoli beef, string beans, and this dish with tofu.  The egg drop soup was really good and the hot and sour soup was decent.  For a Chinese buffet, they offered some quality desserts since some of their offerings probably came from Costco like the red velvet cake and cream puffs.  Service was friendly and polite.  Our waitress did a great job with clearing our plates and offering to refill our hot tea.  (Hot tea was $1.60 per person, by the way.)The restaurant is spacious and appeared to be well maintained.  Parking is easy since there's plenty of spaces in the lot out front.
4	This is where my boyfriend and I go if we want good Chinese. Its hard to find decent Chinese in Arizona in the first place but this restaurant is actually pretty good. Plus we like the buffet style when it comes to Chinese so we can try different items. Their buffet is always stocked up, there is a lot to choose from and its pretty tasty. The staff is friendly every time we go and the place is CLEAN! Too many times we've been to some buffets that are outright disgusting.My boyfriend who is allergic to shell fish likes it because he can order tuna rolls and there has never been an issue with cross contamination which is so nice because we've gone to some upscale restaurants and have had issues! The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I do feel it should be a couple dollars cheaper per person but since its always been so good we'll continue to make this our Chinese restaurant of choice.
5	This is a great Asian buffet. I don't come to places like this expecting haute cuisine and I didn't find it. However, I was surprised at the variety of entrees and by how fresh everything looked and tasted. The best time to go is during the week for lunch. The buffet is $8.99 and you get unlimited sushi made to order by a sushi chef, build-your-own Mongolian stir fry, and six buffet stations of various Asian dishes. I love Asian noodles and their three varieties were delicious. I especially loved the duck noodles. Don't leave without trying the green beans.Additionally, you can observe the Native Phoenician in his natural habitat. Marvel as the gargantuan beast waddles toward the buffet line with two plates in each hand. Legend says that a Phoenician can eat three times his own body weight in one sitting. This is a great place to test the theory.
4	As a restaurant I will give 4 stars but as a buffet I will give 5 stars.This is the best Chinese buffet I've been so far because1. The food is very good and way beyond 'buffet' quality.2. So many dishes. Around 10 cold dishes and around 50 hot dishes plus fruits, salad, desserts, sushi station and Mongolian grill.  They even had frog legs, duck, crab (not legs though) and mussels. I was overwhelmed and ate too much.3. Clean and the food is fresh. Salmon and cod tasted like they cooked fresh ones, not frozen ones.4. The people working there are nice and friendly.My husband and I went there for Sunday lunch and our bill was around $31 including tea and a coke. Sushi was okay, better than buffet quality, but not as good as ones you get at sushi restaurants as the fish was not so fresh. But I like the made to order idea.The receipt says we can get $5 discount next time within 30 days. So we will definitely go back to this place in a month.
1	So let me start off with saying I REALLY wanted to like this place,. Back home there was a killer Chinese Buffet by my house so I was looking for a replacement, plus its right across the street, and had really good reviews so I had to check it out. We went around 5:30 on a Wednesday..when we went in only a few other people were there our waitress came over and took our drink orders and off we went to get food. The first thing I ate was an egg roll which was pretty yummy, then I ate a small crab rangoon which was cold. Then when I went to eat my Orange chicken I noticed there was a black hair stuck in the chicken under the breading. Ew. I told our waitress and she apologized profusely, but by that time I had already lost my appetite. My boyfriend wasn't really impressed with his either (most of the food was barely lukewarm) but 'I told him we might as well try the sushi before we leave. At the sushi station you order your sushi and they make it fresh. There was a sign that said, "Brown rice upon request", so I asked for a spicy tuna roll with brown rice. The guy making the sushi responded with, "Maybe we don't have brown rice", avoiding eye contact with me. Awesome. So after that we told the waitress we wanted the check  and she could tell we weren't pleased. Since I had only eaten an egg roll and one of their little crab rangoons I asked to have my bill either discounted or to not get charged for my meal. The waitress said she would talk to the manager. They didn't charge me for my meal which was good since I wasn't about to spend $15 on an egg roll. I also wasn't thrilled that the manger didn't come over. Oh well. Anyways I don't think I'll be back any time soon.
4	Got back around to this one today after a year and a half or so, joined this time by Robyn N. & Mike C.  They were featuring 106 items at lunch time today, plus sauces & dressings, & everything was good.  Some special treats this time were the real Crab Salad, Duck Noodles, Coconut Shrimp, excellent, juicy fried chicken, omelet style Egg Foo Young with Duck Sauce, & good Mongolian BBQ with three meats.One small negative for me is that you have to ask for Sushi & they prepare it for you.  I prefer to have it freshly made, yes, but already sitting out there for you to help yourself to.  Another thing today was that some of the premium items were missing that I enjoyed last time, such as Squid Salad, Bow Tie Seaweed, Hawaiian Chicken & Chinese Show Peas.  With that said, I do still like this place and they have held the weekday lunch prices the same at $8.99/$8.19 Sr.     :-)PS:  There's a full bar (unusual for a Chinese Buffet), & a small outdoor patio with tables & chairs.
4	My brother suggested going here a while back for some reason, and I wasn't expecting a whole lot. The buffet-style dishes were the usual Chinese food fare, and they weren't bad at all. What I LOVED though was the sushi! There is an area where they will make you fresh sushi, lots of roll selections, and it's included in what you already paid. For the amount of sushi we ate, we would have spent a LOT more somewhere else, plus we got all the yummy crab puffs, noodles, etc. Going to try and go again soon!
2	After reading all of the stellar reviews, I was expecting stellar.The Good:I like that they have the Sushi Bar.The expansive dining area was aesthetically pleasingThe Bad:I just didn't like any of their other items... I tend toward less "Americanized" Asian food, and they didn't have a wide assortment, for my liking.
4	Even all menus are regular, common, & ordinary menus, The flavors of each foods that I tried tonight was great. I ate mushrooms with chicken, green beans, seaweeds, fried rice. The kimchi was just OK. The price was about $20-ish. For the same price I can get a lot more options at 'other place' buffet such as more dim sum options, big  lobster, sweet pork belly, etc.
4	This is one of our all time favorite family restaurants.  The selection is fantastic and all the food is high quality.  All you can eat Asian food, sushi and Mongolian BBQ, plus desert,....how can you beat that?  Staff is friendly and attentive.
3	in town for some business and looked at what was available right near the hotel...nice selection...clean
5	It's not the best restaurant that I've ever been to but for a Chinese buffet it gets Four to 5 stars very clean good food I will be back.very friendly service and the management came by to check on me which is a big big plus for me.
3	I've been less impressed with this location in recent times than I was in 2009 when I first visited. The staff and food selection is virtually identical, but some of the quality has declined. One of the main issues is that the holding temperature on their buffet is much too low. A lot of the food will be lukewarm or cool unless you happen to visit at a very busy time when things are being changed out frequently.I also don't like the sushi guy that's usually there now. One time I went to the sushi counter and he was sitting on the floor texting someone. I stood there for a few seconds hoping he'd notice me. I was about to say "Excuse me" when the manager walked by and yelled at the guy. I think the guy remembers me because he glares at me every time I see him now. Ah well.Overall they are very friendly and you will leave very full. Just not of hot food.
4	Despite being an Asian buffet in almost the middle of nowhere, the food was surprisingly very good (supported by my Taiwanse born and raised grandpa). Would definitely go back there again if I was in the area. Didn't try the mongolian bbq or the sushi bar.
2	Pro's:Made to order sushi "all u can eat" bar.Fresh made to order Mongolian stir fryCon's:mediocre buffet items.fresh oysters looked old, the same # of oysters sat on the bar the entire 4 hours we were there. CAN U SAY FOOD POISON!!!DON'T ORDER BROWN RICE on your sushi, it tasted 3 days old!server was rude and unattentive overpriced buffetMeh, I have had way better! Perhaps next time I will come JUST FOR THE ALL U CAN EAT SUSHI
4	I was impressed with the place overall,  I thought it was pricey for lunch but the selections and food was good.  Would go again,  service was good as well.  Very clean.
4	Ugh.. Another Asian Buffet. Wasn't to thrilled to go to an Asian Buffet. So I decided to try the Sushi Bar. There is no pre-made sushi. All made to order and the food was fresh. I was surprised that it was pretty good. Only thing is that you only get four sushi per order.I also tried the stir fry grill. The food was fresh and I thought that it was pretty good. I was very surprised with the sushi and the stir fry grill. I tried the other buffet food and it was normal average Asian buffet food. I was a little surprised by the desert. The red velvet cake wasn't dry but moist. The cream puffs had different flavors inside. Not bad but not great desert. So overall just stick to the sushi bar and stir fry grill that's probably the only thing worth going to this place.
5	Man, this buffet is hella delicious.  Compared to some of the other Arizona/Phoenix-y area asian buffets I tried out the last two years I've been here for spring training, dude, this place is totally the best.  The others seriously don't stand a chance... seriously...The chinese bbq pork ribs they have out on the chopping block are sooo goood.  Other hot food items were good, and definitely had a good abundancy and variety.  They have a mongolian bbq available too.  And they even have a sushi bar with made-to-order sushi!!  Definitely as good as it gets. Crazy as it sounds too, I love how they have cream puffs here for dessert.  Not like the asian cream puffs that take just like frosting whipped cream in their asian bready things, but they have legit cream puffs... they kind you would get at the freezer section of Costco.  Pretty sure they get them from Costco because their red velvet cake looks quite sim to the Costco red velvet... hehe.  At least there's some quality control then!  But yes, I can eat cream puffs like wild fire, so that's definitely a plus of coming here.  Mmmm.  They even have Hi-C Fruit Punch here!  And from the looks of it, a full bar.Also, I checked-in on my Yelp app and got a $5 discount off my bill.  Just show em your phone with the offer, and voila!
3	I had heard good things about this place so was looking forward to trying this place. I have to write I was disappointed with this place the moment I walked into the restaurant. The wait staff was unfriendly- none of them looked like they wanted to be there. The selections of food was not great for some reason I expected more. The best part was the sushi was made to order.  But the guy making the sushi was so surly in attitude that I was really put off. I will not be back to this place. I'm sticking to my fave:  Jasmine Tokyo!
4	I don't know why, for whatever reason, every year of my birthday I end up going to this restaurant.  I vote this is the best Asian buffet in town. Everything is fresh and sushi are made per order to keep them fresh. I stay and eat straight for 2.5-3 hours every time I visit.  As typical Asian restaurant, regardless their service, as long as the food is fresh, good quality, and the price is right ...then that is yr best choice. In addition, sometimes they have real crab sashimi and snail.  In the sushi bar, they have squid (my favorite).  The ingredient in the hot and sour soup is great.  Wonton soup come with wonton.  The oyster always fresh, I have at least half a dozen. There are so much food, always feel bad that I don't have enough room in my stomach to fit the stir fry noodles..lol
2	Cold food (that should be hot) is the main problem. It was difficult to try to figure out what food was "hot enough" to be safe. I can imagine county health inspectors having a field day with a thermometer in there! The floor tile looked like a product of the 80's and appears grotesquely filthy. Another issue is that the Yelp $5 check in discount was not honored, despite asking two different folks. Service staff seemed quite disinterested in actually providing service. There was one gal who seemed to be more cheerful than the rest, but she was working another area. Would a welcoming smile and a "hello"kill ya??I would much rather to to pacific seafood buffet for the same price.
5	I thought this was probably the best buffet I've been to.  Place was very clean,  had a wide variety of foods. I am vegetarianand had a great selection of good available. I look forward to going back. .
5	I love to eat at this restaurant. Food is always fresh and tons of choices for even the picky eaters. The staff is friendly and the service is always excellent. The prices are very fair for the quality of the food.
3	Customer service is okay. Food is alright. The oysters are always low on supply. Crab legs are okay, not so great. Better than Crazy Buffet's crab legs though. They do have a stir fry area and a sushi bar. I think sushi bar could be the best option or worse option for some people. I like variety and when getting a plate of sushi its kind of hard to finish it, but you know it hasn't been sitting there for awhile. They have raised their dinner price, so I'm not sure if its really worth it anymore.
2	The food was okay. The selection was okay. The facilities were okay. Wife and I didn't feel the best for a few days after. It had been a long time since our last vista. Probably had forgotten why. Now it may be coming back to me. Kinda like the meal we just has.
4	This is the best Asian Buffet by far.  They even have prime rib and crab legs on the weekend.My only complaint, make sure you get there well before anytime close to closing.  When they are close to closing time, they don't fill the buffet with much new food.
1	NOT GOOD! I have tried this place a few times and wanted to give them a chance since they are in the neighborhood. The last time I went, everything tasted old. From the egg foo young, to the orange and sesame chicken. The chicken tasted gritty, almost jerky like, and the sauce was swimming in msg, sugar and/or corn sweetener. The veggies were limp, rubbery and soaked in sauce, no crisp texture just soaked salty mushy mess. Nothing here was worth my 10+ spent! I could have gone to anywhere else and had a fabulous lunch elsewhere for 10 bucks!No Thanks! No Mas * I even had a little tum tum ache after eating :(I rename you to " Hong Kong GutBuster Buffet"
1	Summary: every dish, and I mean every dish tasted like it was under a heat lamp for 6 hours. I expected much more. They had a great selection of sushi, classic Chinese dishes, stir fry counter, and extensive seafood bar. It is a shame that all were so bland. I will not be back.
1	The food is generally bad -- the soup was not hot, the beef was overcooked, and overall unflavorful.  We thought there would be sushi, especially with the $12 per person weekend price, but there was no sushi.  There was a very small variety of food -- everything was stale and cold.  The clams and crab were flavorless.  We were very disappointed.  However, compliments to the waiter, who was very friendly.
3	They have a huge variety of food for you to chose from at the buffet and they also offer made to order sushi as part of the Buffett, which is a huge plus for my husband. They also offer .99 bud lights with your meal which makes dinner even more enjoyable!
1	This review is not in regards to the food. It was very good, I liked the egg rolls and the orange chicken tasted very authentic. Although, my boyfriend and I sat down and the server mentioned something we couldn't quite understand as we sat he came to mention how handsome my boyfriend was? Thanks but making a pass at my boyfriend with me there is not only rude but awkward. Then proceeded to say I have to say you are beautiful because I told him he is handsome. Well thanks for the not needed added comment. And for hurting my feelings.
1	I have been several times and nope it sucks. Back to Panda. The meat taste strange, I mean real strange. The Mongolian no matter how much Soy Sauce a molecule can take its still bland. At least at YC's or even Genghis Grill you have options. You will find that there are several dishes that are decent and its all chicken...I hope...
1	Nothing gourmet here, greasy fried food. Barely any crab legs.I didn't eat much and I kept throwing good away cause it was nasty. Save your money and go elsewhere.Not going there again
3	Good overall buffet with lots of variety. Sushi, Chinese, Mongolian bbq, salad, fruit and deserts. Pretty large buffet at a decent value.
2	Not surprised that this place wasn't impressive. The food was cold or dry and stale. The salmon sushi had a weird taste to it. The variety of offerings is good but the quality is just lacking.
5	Dont expect a gourmet dinner but that is not why you go to a place like this. Nothing fancy but alot of variety. This is the best of the Chinese buffets. At dinner they have salmon, tuna, and Hamachi sashimi. Also have char-siu ribs and snow crab legs. The kids like the dessert bar.
2	Great variety of food but mediocre. Taste less meet - the Mongolian beef , i didnt like the Cold See Food, steam rice is good. Sushi ok, Mongolian Grill good. 2 persons $26.
5	It's been awhile since I've here, but when we did go, it was always during lunch time with my co-workers from work.  We would stuff ourselves and go back to work totally full.We loved that they had a sushi bar, as well as a Mongolian BBQ as well as a wide range of authentic Chinese dishes, as well as those that are geared more towards the American taste.  Wide range of desserts, too.I just wish this place was not all the way over in Ahwahtukee and closer.
5	Still the best Chinese buffet in town. In my experience, the service has always been great and I have never had any issues with redeeming any discounts or coupons.
5	Based on the reviews on Yelp and other web sites we decided to take the 40 mile drive for Sunday lunch at Hong Kong Gourmet buffet. We were not disappointed and found everything was as we expected. Cleanliness is number one, plus a good selection of freshly prepared, tasty dishes. Add to this modern, comfortable seating, helpful staff, excellent Mongolian grill, everything was great. The sushi bar was good for the price but you and I have had better, and paid a lot more for it. Finally the price for the buffet was very reasonable and the best Chinese buffet we've had in Phoenix.
3	The food is good we go here specifically for crab legs, frog legs and prime rib ,dinner around 16$ its worth it.
3	It's been 2 years, so I made it back down to this Buffet today (and longer than that over to the awesome real Hong Kong!).  Ok, so I was joined this time by Jackie R. and Mike C.  Comparing it to yesterday's Buffet at Shanghai up in the north part of town, the selection was about the same size, with the food here a little bit fancier.  I enjoyed some Sweet & Sour Pork, for instance, which we don't usually see, the Coconut Chicken had some Walnut halves sprinkled in, and there was a noodle dish with a dab of duck.  Also, there's Mongolian BBQ here, the dining room is a little nicer, and they have a full bar, unusual for a Chinese Buffet (but lost on me).The table service was good, but I still don't care for the unique "feature" of having to ask for Sushi here, and this is the Valley's second most expensive Asian Buffet, after Jasmine Tokyo, a place that's really something.  Also, many items were either not identified or mislabeled today, and they didn't have all the food out at opening time.I'm going to have to go with a high 3 Stars for Hong Kong Gourmet this time, where the Lunch Buffet prices were $9.49/$8.54 Sr. on this weekday.     :-)
5	The family was in the mood to try a different Chinese buffet so after a little bit of searching on Yelp, we found this place.We were a little bit nervous about trying this place because honestly, it can be a little bit of a gamble choosing a Chinese buffet in the valley but we decided to go for it and do the 45 minute drive. We found the restaurant easily and were super pleased to find they were very clean (none of that ICK factor)  and the servers were attentive and polite. They have fun seafood dishes and although they have nice looking sashimi and some cooked rolls already out, they also allow you to order sushi rolls (from a menu) that are made to order. They also have a mongolian BBQ type section but we decided to save it for another time. Our server was a weeeee bit slow on taking the dirty plates but he rocked on the drinks and had a great attitude, very friendly. Despite the drive, we're already looking forward to coming here again :)
1	Horrible food!! Crab legs had a funny smell and weren't fresh. Definitely not worth $15.99. If you know what great food tastes like do not waist your money here: (
5	Love Love Love this place. Moved to the far East Valley but travel to HFGB at least once a week. Very clean, friendly servers, no dirty carpets (restaurants should NEVER have carpet), food is fresh, sushi is a PLUS and made to order (not premade and old). Check it out!
4	At one time was my favorite Chinese Buffet in town but still can be good.If you come here there are 3 must items. The fresh sushi that is offered,  at dinner time the bbq ribs and the salt and pepper shrimp.There is a good selection of sushi that you can order and will be made for you. My favorite is the dragon roll. As for the bbq ribs they are generally very meaty and tender with chinese bbq sauce. For my favorite dish hands down is the salt and pepper shrimp. You may think this is strange but I eat the shrimp with the legs and shell but not the tail. The reason is the shell has all the flavoring on it so if you take off the shell you may as eat it like a shrimp cocktail.  Try it with the shell you will like it. The lunch and dinner menu are very different with dinner having prime rib, bbq ribs and a few additional items.Still a good buffet especially when there are a lot if people so the food turns over so they are constantly bringing out fresh food.
5	Was in search for a buffet place in Arizona to try on our day off and stumbled on to this place while browsing Yelp.  First impression: clean, doesnt smell overwhelmingly greasy, spacious,  and friendly staff.  The hostess greeted us and seatd us immediately.   Server quickly asked what we'd like to drink ans we began our food adventure right away.  They have many food stations so people are spread out.  Best part is that they have a Mongolian grill and a made to order sushi bar.  The staff that handles the grill and sushi bar dont talk much but they cook/ make everything to order.  The food is not bad.  Coming from san francisco, ca its hard to find impressive chinese/asian food.  The food isnt greasy, tastey, hot, and love the variety.   Everything is fresh and the food stations very clean.  Will definitely come back even if its 20 miles away!
1	Let me preface this review with...I was not in the mood to die or get caught in a cross fire on New Year's Eve.I walk in and manager (owner) greets me.  (He seems agitated...)He seats me and I give my drink order.  (A buffet with COKE products?!? Score! )I go over to the clean and attractive buffet and make my selections.   As I return to my booth, I notice this same guy in a heated duscussion with 2 customers.  Not professional by him, but I am hoping he walks away and I can enjoy my MSG in peace. He does.   Then, he comes back.  Argues again.  Then he leaves.  Then...he comes back.  Argues again....  I am sitting there ready to duck if someone pulls a gun.  I take a couple of bites of food, but am too distracted. The couple goes to the front of the restaurant and arguing continues.   I am not sure what problem is; however,  the F Bombs are flying on both sides.I decide I want no part if this scene.  I have only taken a few bites and I owe them nothing.   I walk out as other customers are.  I tell them to calm down and it's not worth it.Just then my waitress comes out and asks if I am going to pay.Um, no.  That was not a good scene and I barely touched food.She goes back in.He comes out.He tells me I need to pay.  He says I wasted food.  I say that was unprofessional behavior and I am not paying. He says... (manager/owner)F-Bomb!F-Bomb you!You Mother F-Bomber!F-Bomb you!   You need to pay! F-Bomber!I wave as I pull out of parking space and give him a thumbs up!  He goes back into F-Bomb mode!Yikes!  If this is how they operate I do NOT recommend choosing Hong Kong Gourmet. I do not know what initial problem was between other guests and who was at fault.   I do know it was unprofessional behavior x 100 by the manager/owner.How can you expect patrons to dine in this situation?F-Bomb!F-Bomb!F-Bomb!
5	From the mitten and love Asian buffets!! This one is the best I have ever been to!! I will be making a special trip back for Hong Kong Buffet.The selection was great, quality was better then most buffets.. More like I would have purchased a plate of their food at a normal sit down and would have been very happy.. They had more exotic (to my American palate) odd foods like beef tendon! And it looked and smelled good.. Didn't try cause I'm a sissy and was just getting over being sick.. Lunch runs $10 dinner was $16They have a sushi bar and a stir fry counter both maned and made to order..
