5	My husband and I walked in here to get fitted for a tux. We are in a wedding out of state and just needed measurements. The man was very friendly and got my husband completely measured in 2 mins flat! And for no charge, even though we weren't ordering the tux from them. Score!
5	Dallas was a beyond helpful associate at the store. After searching the malls I finally convinced my bf to check out this store. Great, individualized service! It was especially refreshing after dealing with the not so friendly or helpful department store associates.My bf was in a little bit of a bind, needing nice slacks for an upcoming interview. Luckily the Men's Wearhouse has finished bottoms in many sizes and the bf walked out with a couple of pairs of pants, socks, and a belt. Of course, they pushed dress shirts and ties and shoes but with a simple, "no thanks" we moved on. Dallas made the shopping experience easy and quick. Give that man a raise!!!
1	I have been here on multiple occasions and each time the customer service leaves a lot to be desired. Their selection in 38s-40s seems pretty limited. I've been twice now when I was looking for a particular color / style. When asked if I needed any assistance, the answer to "yes, I'm looking for x type of jacket in x color" should not be to say, "hold on a few minutes while I" do something and then to leave your customer waiting 10+ min for an answer.Save yourself the hassle and go check out, pretty much anywhere else. I hear they sell jackets and suits at the thrift stores. At least there I'm expecting to be ignored and have to fend for myself when trying to find something.
5	The customer service here was top notch! We came in to find a suit for my man, he is 6'6 and thin so finding clothes to fit him is near impossible. We were greeted by Steve as soon as we walked in. Before we know it he had the measuring tape out and several different suit options in hand. He also gave recommendations on shirt and tie combinations. They were having a 40% off sale on the entire store so we got a great deal. They were also able to tailor the suit pants within 4 days. I now have the exact pant and shirt measurements which will make it easy for future shopping extravaganzas.Thanks Steve! You did a great job.
3	They have average to good suits (material, cut, tailoring) but even with sales prices Men's Wearhouse is too expensive. I bought two suits for the price of one, and had my tuxedo tailored at the Camelback location.
