5	This spa is not fancy, but very cozy and convenient if you live in Shadyside area. I used to live in the Essex house apt building and that's how I know about the place. But now that I live 30 min away, I still come back to this place for the best massage. Their staff are extremely knowlegeble and professional. Becky is excellent and I love her back, neck & shoulders massage. Everytime after the massage I feel totally relaxed. A must try if you haven't found a good day spa for massage you love!
5	Consistently, the best massage.I live in NYC and get massages about 3 times a month, so please believe me when I say I am a connoisseur of deep tissue massages.  I travel to Pittsburgh about 3 times a year to visit my family, and for the past 2 years, each trip I treat my elderly Mom to a massage at Centre Ave. Every visit has been exceptional.  Cindy has a gift of hiring strong, knowledgeable, intuitive staff.  And Cindy is the cream of the crop!  If you want a relaxing or healing massage, I cannot recommend this place enough!
5	As a Pittsburgher constantly searching for the perfect massage...I wanted to walk out of this place and shout victory!!  I always view them as a luxury, because well, a good one usually costs, and this place is definitely not on the cheap end.  I paid $80 for a 60 minute Swedish massage.  At first that seems like a lot, I know.  But when I tell you it is worth it I am completely serious.  Hsiung was my massage therapist and I recommend him with the highest rating of any massage therapist I have met in this city.  His professionalism, expertise, and ability to manipulate and stretch my muscles to truly leave me feeling different than when I arrived...I was speechless.  I would give the Centre and Hsiung six stars if I could!
5	Absolutely the very best Spa in Pittsburgh!
5	I experience my first massage ever here. I bought a deep tissue couples massage for my boyfriend and I. By far a wonderful experience, it exceeded my expectations. We had Cindy and Becky. Both were very respectful, professional, and soothing. We will definitely be coming back!
5	My mom, sister, and I came to Centre Ave Massage & Spa for our first time for facials and we all left incredibly happy, relaxed, and impressed. Not only did we receive fantastic facials (I feel like my skin will never stop glowing) but Ubie, Becky, and Hsiung (our therapists) never wasted a second of our time. I was fortunate to have Ubie, who massaged my head, face, arms, hands, and feet to perfection while the various masks and lotions were conditioning my face. Both my mom and sister had similar experiences and we couldn't stop raving about our time at Centre Ave Massage & Spa the whole walk to our cars. We did, however, argue about one thing: who had the best masseuse (I vote Ubie!).  I can't imagine any of us would go elsewhere for facials or massages in Pittsburgh.
5	I have been here twice.Once for a 45 minute massage and once for a facial.The facial was the best I ever had and the massage was extremely relaxing, definitely worth the price! My husband and other friends who went here also had a really good experience.It doesn't look too great from the outside of the spa but inside each room is unique with a different theme. Very relaxing atmosphere with soothing music.
