4	This place was ridiculously good! I tried two different locations while in Montreal and both times the food didn't disappoint. The only thing I didn't like was the smoked meat but his ain't the place for smoked meat so that was my bad. Especially loved the fruit!
5	I'll start this review by one word: YUMMY!Went there on a Sunday afternoon for brunch around 1:30PM, and we were 8.Let's play with the pros and cons right away.Pros:- Food is exceptionally good- Friendly service (our waiter was super duper cool, fast, and very nice), came to ask us if everything was fine, cracked some jokes, and was efficient at giving the food to our table at the same time- Unlimited coffee as usual for most places like this, but what was better is that the waiters/bus boys come often to fill up your coffee!Cons:- Huge wait time. Allo Mon Coco is very known and is popular. Plus, in the heart of Laval in Centropolis, there is a parking lot, thus people come to take advantage of it, causing an increase of clientele.- A little bit pricey than other brunch/breakfast places, but it's nothing to feel upset about!Definitely would love to go back!
3	There are several locations today of this trending breakfast chain, much prefer the Fabreville location rather than the other locations.Pros :- Many delicious breakfast options to choose from. My favorite plate by far is the Choco Coco but feel free to try out their many many delicious options.- Plates are HUUUUUGE.- The potatoes are fantastic, especially with the 50/50 cheese on it. A great way to start a day with this brunch.Cons :- Always packed during the weekends from 9 AM to 12 PM and this location is THE WORST OF THEM ALL when it comes to lines!- Terrible seating arrangements on EVERY VISIT! Nothing is more frustrating than waiting for half an hour while you look at a several couples having breakfast in a huge 4 seat bunkers and having to wait even longer when you're in a bigger group due to poor seating arrangements.- Service is very hectic and the quality of it differs wildly from one server to the next. Sometimes you get a fantastic waiter who sees you right away, brings your coffee promptly, refills regularly, bothers to chat with you and provide you some level of entertainment, makes sure you're happy, then more times than not, you get.... nothing. Wait 30-40 minutes to get in, get seats, only get your coffee 10-15 minutes after seating... trying to get their attention to order? Unacceptable.Overall, I recommend Allo Mon Coco, it's a great place to eat. However, service in this location leaves to be desired. Perhaps they require more staff to deal with the popularity in this location or better business practices on how to get things done better...
4	Allo mon coco has now franchised itself and I couldn't be happier for this joint. The quality of their service and food has remained consistent to their original location and they absolutely deserve the hype they get. If you've read my other reviews, you'll know that I tend to order the same breakfast everywhere. Two eggs, sausage, potatoes, and fruit. According to my standards, allo mon coco does a pretty good job! Sausage is always crispy on the outside. Potatoes are unique and flavourful. Coffee is always flowing. The only downside is that there is no variety of fruit on the plate. It's typically a melon slice or grapefruit slice. This is something their newer competitor, Kitchen 73, has picked up on and is actually surpassing AMC on. Other that that, this place is fantastic and is a solid choice for Sunday morning breakfast. Arrive early though, because the lines can get long.
3	I was pleasantly surprised to try out this breakfast chain.  Just when I thought I had seen it all, I try their potatoes and wow! Hard to describe, sort of like s cross between a more traditional breakfast potato and mashed potatoes, somehow it works! The rest of the breakfast is pretty standard, in a good and reliable sort of way.Be warned, unless you go at the crack of dawn, you will wait (like anywhere else serving breakfast on a weekend). The entryway is well designed to take this  into account, with quite a bit of room to hang out. The staff did a pretty good job while we were there keeping track of people waiting and fighting out seating arrangements.
5	This place is amazing. There was a line outside the door just to get in here. I got 3 eggs scrambled with toast on brown bread, French toast, 2 sausages, mashed potatoes, fruits, a buttermilk pancake as the side and a hot chocolate with whipped cream to drink. I added a bit of black pepper to the eggs but other than that everything tasted real good! The mashed potatoes had such a good flavor. Another stand out was the hot chocolate. The whipped cream was the best I ever had and made the hot chocolate better.I was super full after eating all of that. Other than the food, the service here is really good. The place is always busy but the service is still near perfect. I recommend that everyone tries this place for breakfast and brunch.
4	Very good variety of breakfast / brunch type of food. Good portions, freshly prepared, plenty of healthy options too. I like the open concept if the restaurant, it feel less crowded. Prices are average however beware of extras , an additional portion of tomato could end up costing you 3$ , better choose from their combinations. Good for groups but could end up waiting an hour to be seated (sometimes stuff are not so brilliant in planing seats). They have extra menu for weekdays lunches but could nit comment on it as i did not tried it. All in all good food, good ambiance. Recommend it especially for egg and fruit lovers. 4 stars for the food quality an service. 3 stars for the seating / reception.
