4	Love taking continuing ed here. Bill Gallagher is the funniest instructor I've ever had, not just in my real estate career but EVER. Not only is he hysterical, I listen to and retain what he says, which is most important. I've spent 34 hours with him in class so far and they've been awesome. As far as the school goes, they're centrally located in Ballantyne but he travels to other cities all over North Carolina, so he'll be coming soon to a town near you. There are other real estate schools in the area that might save you a few dollars, but I'll gladly pay a little extra money to have great instructors, chairs with lumbar support, free highlighters, free coffee and snacks. "Sip you a little sumthin"...love love love!
5	Superior is hands down the best. I won't even consider another school.
4	For real estate agents or anyone looking to get into the business, this is the place to go for classes. I've been taking my continuing education classes here for years! Bill Gallagher (owner/ local Charlottean) is not only one of the smartest & most knowledgeable instructors but he's funny as hell. He's got a whole list of instructors to help with all the different classes and I haven't experienced a dull one yet. Taking my C.E. classes every year through Superior, not only am I learning but the time really flies by( real estate agents know what I'm talking about). Superior also travels throughout the state conducting training classes & have now expanded to online classes too. I won't go anywhere else!!
5	I have known Bill Gallagher for 17 years and he is a fabulous instructor.  I have never taken CE from anyone else in all those years.  I have taken 8 hours of CE in one day and with Bill's humor & stories, the time flies by.  Don't go to ANYONE else for pre-license or CE other than Bill Gallagher @ Superior School of Real Estate.
5	If you are looking for a career in real estate you need to start with Bill Gallagher. What an amazing experience 8 years ago. I still take my CE every year with his company as it's amazing. Live Love Charlotte, Raleigh, Triad, Raleigh, Pinehurst, Fayetteville love us some Bill!!!
