4	In what used to be home to the Sloppy Lobster (or something like that), this little seafood market made its new home.Went out on a limb to make sushi at home (yes, experimental) one weekend and figured I'd try the place. I knew nothing going in.The manager on staff was super helpful, pointing out customer favorites, as well as his own.  He gave us some squid slaw samples that I wouldn't touch, but the girlfriend threw it in the fridge and I don't think it's moved yet.  Oops.  She loved it.Anyway, he gave us a few top choices for which type of fish to include and what would fit in a decent budget.  Went home with 3 different types of seafood for sushi.The sushi experiment itself was messy, but delicious.  $30 worth of fish fed 8 hungry people.  Not bad, when compared to the 200+ you'd spend for that same group out at any other sushi restaurant.  Get your hands dirty, make some sushi from this place, save some dough.This place also has a counter where you can order fried seafood and sandwiches to go, all priced reasonably cheap.  Will be back to try it.
5	Best source of seafood in town. Great quality and very knowledgable staff.  Our go to place for all things seafood.  They also have some great soups and takeout meals.
4	Stopped by while in from out of town. Dad and I got cod sandwich, seared tuna sandwich, and clam chowder. We split all three items.Sandwiches were very good. Nice teriyaki type sauce on the Tuna, and cod was perfectly crispy. Rolls served on weren't too much or too little. Clam chowder was good but didn't have enough clam. It was basically potato chowder.Service was excellent. Staff checked with us multiple times and even refilled my water. Doesnt sound like much, but this place is more of a seafood market than it is a lunch sit down establishment. Regardless, they treated us well and I'd be back again.
4	Great selection of fresh seafood and seafood dishes. Everything is marked clearly, so you can tell what was frozen, farm-raised, etc. Stop in for the fried Daily Catch, Cod or Salmon for the tastiest fish you'll eat in town. The counter staff is friendly and helpful. There is a stand up/bar stool area for eating there, but no comfortable sit down tables.
5	The staff is always friendly, very knowledgeable. Great selection and quality seafood.
5	Great and very fresh wide selection of seafood.  Tim behind the counter is ver y helpful.  They have all sorts of seafood flown in from everywhere.. crabs from Maryland, oysters from the east and california.. sushi grade tuna and salmon.  I'll visit this place every time I'm in Madison.
