2	My wife loves popcorn.  Personally I can't get myself too worked up about it, but coming from Chicago and the experience of Garrett's she was excited by seeing this Vic's place.  In Chicago the thing to do is to mix their cheddar and the caramel together.  Those are the two flavors they make fresh each day.  Anyhow we came into this place and she requested a mix of the two fresh flavors and was completely shot down by the guy working there.  He wasn't even particularly nice about it.  We ended getting some prepackaged stuff that I guess was alright, but had no way of re-sealing itself. So there was no way to keep it fresh. And it's overpriced.
4	It's true that the owner is not particularly friendly as the prior reviewer noted.  He's from Pakistan and not terribly happy about how the U.S. is behaving in that part of the world.  Who can blame him?  And yes, the popcorn is expensive.  But, if you like popcorn with butter this is THE place to get it!  The popcorn is clearly 5 star material; the price and owner attitude drops the total score to a 4.
4	I feel badly for Joshua M's experience - I visited Vic's for the first time last week and had a wonderful experience with Vic's.They do have a bunch of pre-packaged popcorn available, but when I was there, they definitely had fresh-popped cheddar and caramel corn available, along with a few other varieties.  I was offered complimentary samples of all of the fresh stuff and decided to do the Chicago mix - it was supreme.  Still slightly warm, no signs of grease, and packed with flavor.  Yummo.I bought a small bag, grabbed a complimentary chocolate (or two), and meandered my way down State Street, munching on Vic's popcorn and enjoying the day. Hopefully the rude guy is gone because from my visit there, I'm a fan of Vic's and would recommend it to others without hesitation.
4	i'm not sure what type of oil they use to pop their popcorn, but it's the best!  the first time i went here (about a year ago) i thought i had died and went to heaven.  literally the best popcorn (plain unbuttered) i think i had ever had!  unfortunately at my most recent visit, the popcorn wasn't even in it's fresh little bin, rather in a large plastic bag and subsequently, stale.  why be open if you aren't going to have fresh popcorn?  i mean, i do understand that you need to clean up and whatnot, but popcorn only tastes really good one way - fresh!
