5	Came here on their grand opening, and was greeted by a bunch of smiling faces. The staff was extremely friendly and approachable. The inside has a vibrant and inviting atmosphere, with white toned walls that gives it a clean and comforting look.You get to sample all of their delicious favors in small cups before you commit. Everything is self serve, and they charge per unit weight. It's going to be cheaper than any froyo anywhere else.They have the traditional flavors of chocolate and tart, fruit sorbets and of course, the specialties. Their red velvet, ice cream sandwich bar and dulce de leche were my favorite flavors. You can tell how fresh their yogurt is because of the rich and firm texture.On top of the great flavors, they have some amazing toppings. You can find anything from fresh fruit to mochi bits, fudge brownies to peanut butter chunks, Heath bars to butterfingers. Definitely the best froyo I've had in Madison so far. I got a loyalty card, so I know I'll be coming back as often as I can.
5	Menchies is delicious! Great flavors and really interesting toppings. This is the first frozen yogurt place that I can actually convince my husband to go to! We will definitely be returning to menchies!
5	Friendly atmosphere. Lots of flavors, add-ins and toppings to choose from...the possibilities are endless!
5	This Menchie's location is AMAZING. The Wife and I live dangerously close to Menchies (10 minutes by foot, 5 minutes by bike, and less than 2 minutes by car unless we hit a red light), and so we've been about 5 times in the last month -- don't judge us!The frozen yogurt is some of the best I've ever had (Campus Candy is the only other fro-yo place in town that I've been to that can even compete), and they constantly change the flavors to keep life interesting. What's that? You want barista blend coffee-flavored fro-yo. You're in lucky. Oh, you'd like "pop-arazzi popcorn"-flavored fro-yo. Menchie's has got you covered. Seriously, check out this HUGE list of flavors they offer on a rotating basis: http://www.menchies.com/frozen-yogurt-flavors!The toppings are more limited than Campus Candy, but do not leave The Wife or me wanting. In fact, all I need to do is throw some milk chocolate caramel turtles, mini m&m's, and carob chips onto my fro-yo, and my brain explodes, yo!Oh, and they offer free samples -- as many as you want as often as you want. Not sure if you want maple nut, rockin' salted caramel, or cinnamon bun? Try 'em all, and then mix 'em into the same bowl (or not).I highly recommend Menchie's, especially this location!
4	I love that you can make your own samples here. It makes the experience so much easier and makes for a quicker decision!They also have a great assortment of flavors and toppings. You can either go healthy and fruity, or decadent!And really cute spoons!
4	My kids and I decided to beat the heat earlier this week by stopping for a cold treat at Menchie's.  Here are some thoughts...I always love a place that charges you by weight and lets you fill your own cup. I was able to get my kids a dish that I knew wouldn't be too much, because their eyes are always bigger than their stomachs.  There are lots of fun toppings. I was hoping for a few more "fresh" fruit options. My kids were way excited about the extensive sprinkle and "gummy" selection!!  The flavor (I got cake batter) was fine. I guess I go to these places assuming that you are going to drown your yogurt with tons of stuff anyway, so does it even really matter how great it tastes? :)The restaurant was clean and the young girl working was very helpful. It was a little expensive, but maybe had my kids not shoveled a pound of sprinkles on theirs, we would have fared better in the cost department.!I do have one (probably silly) suggestion that they please offer different sized cups. Perhaps this is not the norm, but the day were were there they had only one size cup - which was basically size ginormous.  It was HUGE. To fill a cup that much would be way more yogurt than one person would ever need - and it's hard to explain to a 3 year old that he did indeed get a lot of yogurt when it looks like a sad little pile in the bottom of the giant cup.  Kid size cups would be perfect. ;) Overall it was a good experience, and we will definitely be back.
5	They always seem to have a peanut butter variety in stock, which is a total win in my book. Plus they have the best sampling policy in the city...and you can wander around Pottery Barn while you eat.
