4	Very impressed with this place.  Cheap ($12 for a cut and neck shave), they got me in and out quickly and they were very friendly.  The only reason I gave them a 4 instead of a 5 was because they don't offer facial shaves.  But kudos to Jennifer (the person who cut my hair) for offering a few recommendations when I inquired about a facial shave.
5	I will go nowhere else. John has been my barber for maybe 10 years.He always works me into his schedule. He only works Monday and Tuesday so that works for me. He is a really good barber.
5	If you are looking for a barber, then Brandon is your man. I have been going to him for the last 6 years and it feels good knowing that I don't have to worry about the outcome of my next haircut. Brandon is a master barber and knows. how. to. cut. hair. He is good with the clippers and the scissors too.   It's rare to find barbers these days that know how to use scissors correctly.
5	Awesome hair cuts and neck shave! for the same price as the so-so chains (or less) I get a real professional cut from real old-school barbers (though none of them are old).  I will go nowhere else, and most definitely recommend them to EVERYONE!
4	Great value. Nice people. The Yelp profile makes it look like they specialize in crazy hair styles but they do standard cuts too. The neck shave was particularly nice. Only reason I didn't give it five stars was because their magazine selection wasn't very family friendly but otherwise, this is a great place.
5	I had to try this place. The only thing that's near me is a sports clips, or cuts or whatever. It didn't sound promising. Old school setup, no nonsense cuts.  The price was right and I had a cute chick shave my amazingly shaped brain container. I couldn't ask for much more. Maybe one little change I would have made. I would have been a tad more comfortable if all the male employees didn't  cower in fear and awe as I entered. I may appear to be an incredibly beautiful, muscle bound killing machine, but today i had no intention of unleashing my berserk murder frenzy.Toughen up Matthews barber shop II........toughen up.*This review was written for comedic effect, however weak that effect is. I hope this clarifies any confusion.
3	If your hairstyle requires a lot of skill with clippers, then this place is perfect for you. I really like their bare-bones style of business - no receptionist or selling you on Paul Mitchell products, just four guys cutting hair for cash. You're  in, you're, your done. They're quick and efficient for the guys who keep short hair with a fade. However, if you're hair takes a little more skill with scissors, then this is not the place for you. If you have cowlicks or wavy hair or like to keep your hair longer than 1", then you'll find these place falls a little short. I have three cowlicks and a hard head of hair to style, plus i like to keep a couple inches on the top. My barber there spent a lot of time fading my hair ( which i didn't care about) and not enough time with the scissors (which I do care about). Their prices are fantastic, $12 cash for a cut. You certainly can't beat that. I certainly do recommend this place to most men, but until I change my hairstyle to something much shorter and clipper-centric, then I will not be returning.
