4	Yeah, a brand new buffet!  Suns here finally opened, after months of delays, & it's real good now that we have it.  Robyn N. & Mike C. joined me to give it a try today, & they were serving 136 food items, plus dressings & sauces, in this big, comfortable place featuring both booths & tables.  Some things besides the wide selection that impressed me today were the delicious Hot & Sour Soup, the tasty Bok Choy, a nice selection of just-made Sushi, & the wide selection of other seafood!  There was a great vegetarian tofu dish as well, with various veggies & mushrooms, all in a rich gravy.  Eight real ice cream choices go along with a good number of other desserts to make sure you leave full & happy!  Our table service was excellent too, & the staff members friendly.     :-))A high 4-Stars for Suns Buffet where Lunch Buffet is $8.39/$7.56 Sr.
4	Had lunch here today with Robyn N. and Rand H. Well this is another super buffet with over 100 items and a couple of different items like shrimp on a stick ,Korean pancakes,potato skins,and several other unusual items.Some of the food was over cooked but for most part everything was OK. The ice cream {8 flavors} was so hard you would need a hammer and chisel to get any.So a good buffet ,but still does not measure up to the other big Chinese buffets like Hibachi ,Pacific seafood or Crazy Buffet.
2	Well I must say there was plenty of food to choose from...  fruits, salad, sushi, desserts, seafood, Chinese, and some American.  There was nothing really that made this buffet stand out from the rest.  It was mediocre at best for me.  Thankfully I didn't go at dinner time when it gets a bit pricey for a family of 4.  If you want to go, I would suggest going at lunch time when the price is more reasonable.
3	Crab Legs, Crab Legs, Crab Legs!!!!! If you're on the East Side of the valley and want cheap Crab Legs this is the place to be! This was a relatively nice buffet they had a little bit of everything Sushi, Ribs, Chicken, Pot Stickers, etc. Some of my favorites dishes were the Walnut Shrimp, Orange Chicken, and Garlic Shrimp. As with most Chinese/Japanese Buffets this place failed on the deserts. The wait staff was a little overwhelmed, they were tasked with removing dirty plates from tables, refilling drinks and getting napkins (small stuff like that). Would I go again? Probably so, someone has got to devour those Crab Legs!
5	The food was MARVELOUS! The atmosphere was quiet, casual and very clean. The garlic shrimp is awesome and they were huge shrimp, almost prawns! The rice was excellent and cooked perfectly unlike other buffets.They are also the only Chinese buffet that I've found in Arizona that understands that crabmeat cream cheese wontons don't come with sugar or honey in them. The cleanliness of the place and the freshness of the food really impressed me. Also the price is very fair at 8.99 for an all you can eat lunch buffet with a variety of seafood as well as excellent choices for other entrees. I've tried other Chinese buffets in the valley that cost significantly more and this one is the clear winner for price, cleanliness, and fresh tasty food.Thanks!Doug Shields
4	This is a brand new buffet. They seem to be doing things right here. They cook in small portions so the food is fresher than most of the competition. I appreciate that they do this. There's a huge selection including a limited sushi offering that was acceptable to me. The kids enjoyed the wide variety of dishes, as did I. We each found things that we enjoyed and the quality of the food was better than most. Favorites of ours included a lightly fried shrimp in a sweet creamy sauce. It was tasty. There's bound to be something that you'll enjoy. Mongolian BBQ, a selection of soups, salads, desserts and ice cream are all included. Lunch was $8.99 (I think) for adults. Prices for kids was according to how tall they are. I thought that was humorous. It was clean and well-tended. Check it out if you're hungry...
3	I arrived shortly before the lunch hour and was seated in a mostly empty restaurant. I was not impressed with the food in the beginning because it was barley warm. However, as the tables started to fill up and they started to bring out fresh food it definitely got better. I do not know what Korean chicken is, but I do know it was delicious. They selection was amazing. this Chinese buffet has more selections than other I have been too. Selections included; potato skins, pizza, sushi, French fries, cheese cake, hand scooped ice cream, and the regular dishes too. It is not the best buffet in the valley but for under $9 plus tax it is a good value.
2	Meh ... seriously meh.  I tried it for the first time on a saturday night around 7 PM ... first clue should have been the lack of people eating at such a prime dinner time.  I tested a lot of the different dishes (honey chicken, sesame chicken with no sesame lol, noodles etc) and just wasn't that pleased with the taste & quality.  I did like the crab puffs though.   I don't know if we got the chef after it being a long day, but I probably won't be going back to this place.
4	This buffet is great! It's a lot like Hong Kong Gourmet. I took advantage of the all you can eat fresh sushi rolls. Definitely worth the money & I cannot wait to go back!
3	Not the greatest buffet, and not the worst. The prices were reasonable, the place was clean, and the service was nice. However, the quality and taste of the food was lacking. I would avoid the squid, octopus and calamari. The sushi was meh at best. There were certainly a few dishes that were pretty good, and the desert and ice cream was pretty good.They should honestly focus the dishes a bit more and try not to cover so many different types of foods, and improve the quality of the dishes they have.
4	Good food and lots of selection
1	Nothing special.  Of course it was cleaner than most (being newer).  But WAY overpriced for typical buffet food. My daughter and I gave it a try because it was new.   If you have a tall kid, definitely go elsewhere.  My 12 yr old had  a cup of eggdrop soup and one plate-not filled (four pieces of some kind of chicken and two chicken on the sticks) $13.99 for her buffet because she was like two centimeters taller than their measuring stick for the kid's price.  Yes instead of age, they go by height.  To be honest, usually my daughter eats more Chinese food, but she thought the food was disgusting and didn't want a second plate.I thought buffets were supposed to be cheaper because the quality is pretty bad.  But this place was more expensive than what I spend at my normal carry-out place that has MUCH better quality food.
4	3.75 stars, This place is good.  The food was above average, but just a tad bit below the bar for Pacific or Hong Kong Gourmet. Crab legs were plentiful, and the place was very clean.. great value!! Will be back to this one!
4	= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =This nice Buffet has closed!     :-O
