5	BREAD bakery, open 24/7.  THE best Italian bread in the US of A, bar none.  Mancini's bread is sold at a lot of the local supermarkets, but it's best fresh out of the oven at the source.  Walk in and get yourself a loaf of their famous "twist", "homemade", or raisin bread.  Better yet, get 2 loaves.  You'll eat one loaf in the car on the way home.
5	I remember this Mancini's from when I was a little kid!  I always looked forward to their bread.  Stopped back there on 12/15/11 to bring some bread home with us.  The bakery has changed quite a bit, but they're still there, and the bread is still EXCELLENT!
5	Every Pittsburgher knows Mancini bread. Every one. But getting it in McKees Rocks is different. Fresh. I mean FRESH!! I love stopping in here where the bread is still warm and picking up a loaf or two. It's not the same at any other location. It's not the same from the grocery store although its good anywhere you get it.  But ah, in the Rocks? Yep, this is how its meant to be. Go ahead, indulge! Feel free to pick up a few extra!!
5	The bread is amazing! Several choices in breads available and it's open almost 24x7! Tons of restaurants serve their bread. You have to treat your out of town guests to this treat!
5	I've been going here for years it's ALWAYS been excellent! I'm surprised that this place hasn't been featured on Food Network yet. I do wish they sold breadbowls. Nevertheless, I imagine that all of their breads will pair with your soup of the day.
5	No bread anywhere is as good as Mancini's.  My husband's family is from Pittsburgh and coming home to Pittsburgh means someone is going to make a Mancini's run.   We usually get the twists and one of his cousins brings her own butter on the road.  She says you just can't eat Mancini's without butter.   We have it for all occasions and everyone loves it.
5	I can't believe that there aren't more reviews for this location!  I've been coming here since I was a boy.  Simply the best and freshest bread in all of Pittsburgh.  Nothing even comes close.
