4	This location just opened up a few days ago.  I have read some of the other reviews for other locations and agree for the most part.  Normally, I would make the trip to Trader Joes, but was pleased to see a Fresh & Easy opening a little closer to home.  They had a decent selection of pre-made sandwiches, and sushi, and pasta dishes, but I have to say I am more impressed by what Trader Joes has to offer.  I was very impressed with their produce however.  They had a great selection, and everything looked really appetizing.  I am not sure if it will be a regular occurrence or if it was just because they recently opened, but they has some people walking around with samples.  I tried the kettle chips and they were tasty.  They have a decent wine selection, and they seemed reasonably priced.  Today I got a nigiri sushi tray (which was not all that great), trail mix (yummy), a fresh fruit salad(very good), and a pasta dish (which I haven't tried), and some random snacks.  I was only going to give 3 stars, but I added a star for the really personable staff.  All of the lanes are self check out, but I got help without asking, and she even bagged my groceries. When I left, there was someone at the door who gave me a free reusable shopping tote (kinda flimsy, not as nice as the ones you pay for, but hey, it was free!) and a bunch of coupons.  As long as comparisons are being made, I have to say I like Trader Joes better, but I will probably go back for convenience and the friendly staff.I have gone back since my last review, and I have to say I become more impressed each time.  I really liked the Thai Style Green Curry Chicken.  I am also a huge fan of their frozen molten lava cakes...mmm.  Finally, I have decided that I am hugely impressed by the collapsible utensils found in their ready to go meals!!
5	Fresh and Easy is the Target to Vons' Wal Mart.  These little grocery stores are popping up everywhere in the valley.  They've got lots of good packaged stuff that even a clumsy Cro Magnon guy like myself can manage to cook up, and by that I'm talking about the microwave and the toaster oven, baby yeah.  You want that in for 2 minutes or 3?
5	Molten Lava Cake... Low Sodium Black Beans...  Blue Berry Muffins... And the freshness  of the produce.  These small stores are amazing.  I sampled the Stash's Premium Lemon Ginger Caffeine Free Herbal Tea, several months ago and purchased three packages, but seem to no longer be one of their choices.   Used the last tea bag yesterday and am looking for another supplier in the valley, anyone know where it might be acquired?The coffee samples offered in the morning are good, I have tried a few different blends...  The fresh basil plants are good and i have repotted several and they look health and i believe i will reap the benefit of purchasing a live plant in the near future...If you have not tried one of these great little stores, you are missing a good bargain, and fresh produce...JR
4	Yay! I'm definitely a fan of Fresh & Easy, basically because of its eponymous qualities.  These stores are just so damn convenient and fast.  They are located in almost every neighborhood, and more are being built all the time.  They have most of the stuff you generally need to function, but with limited choices so that you're not overwhelmed (e.g., 30 kinds of cereal instead of 300).  Lots of good house brands too!  They have a lot of premade food: dinners, sandwiches, salads.Great VEGAN options: some organic fresh fruits and veggies (usually organic salad greens, spinach, carrots, herbs, bananas).  Fair trade/organic coffee, 3 types of soy milk + soy creamer, tofu, Gardein brand faux meat products (found in the veggie aisle), vegan chocolate, soy ice cream, Tofutti cuties, and Purely Decadent chocolate-covered coconut ice cream pops.  Even some of their pre-made food is vegan!   They have even started selling some eco-friendly beauty supplies as of late.  Other good stuff - it's all self check-out, and I've never been there when there was a line more than one person deep (I got at least once a week). They also have weekly coupons and specials.
3	I love the store.. some prices is fair and some is good.
4	I adore Fresh & Easy. I just can't get enough of this place. I am determined to try every one of their pre-packaged scrumptious meals. Today I had the pesto salad with mozzarella and big juicy tomatoes. And tomorrow I'm going to have the shrimp, spinach, and tomato pasta I picked up on Sunday. Also - I'll be enjoying one of their addicting soups (french onion) later this week.F&E at this location has always served me well. I love the ability to waltz into a small establishment, grab exactly what I want, and with ease, self-check my way out. Now that is how I want to do my grocery shopping! Believe me, I'm a fan of Whole Foods/Trade Joe's as well, but F&E takes that same feel and makes it more intimate. True, there is less selection (you're not going to find fresh fish here), but for the run-o-the-mill grocery store run it is perfect!I think F&E also feeds a perfect niche of people (single professionals who don't want to eat garbage). My only complaint with F&E is that on a few occasions I have noticed some of the produce has looked pretty beaten up and bruised. Other than that, F&E is the perfect convenient place to stock up for a week for a busy-body professional.
4	Since the other two locations near my home closed (charleston/eastern & di/pecos), this is the closest store now. While on a quick Best Buy stop on a saturday night (a few weekends ago), my MIL and I went in for a quick peek before returning to her home. We only made it to the first few aisles (produce, meat, cheese, markdowns) but I was able to get a bunch of what I needed: tangerines, romaine lettuce, 2 kinds of mushrooms, zucchini, fresh & easy brand mozzarella cheese, and 2 packages of fresh & easy brand sausage, for $16.00. I was happy. Overall, the store is clean, what we saw, anyway. There were many people shopping that night. My MIL said she should stop by here and shop more often. Self- checkout was speedy (I know the drill). Carts were outside, in front. The parking lot is pretty ample. Should  stop here whenever we go to dinner at my MIL's house, since it's in the area. Dependable chain for good food (ever since the cellulose story on the Mark & Mercedes was reported, I've been reading labels like a fiend).
4	MEAT.. This is one of my favorite place to buy all sorts of meats and other grocerie needs. I love to BBQ and their meats are always the freshest. I guess that's how they got their name. They have great deals that change from week to week. They may not have all off the items a big store has but they do have a much better quality.
1	All I can say is "Bad"... Horrible Customer Service and they don't keep up w/ the produce... Come on 5 days past due and there is mold
5	It's time for me to get back on track. 2010 was a good year for me. I made a huge effort to eat better and exercise. It went pretty good and became part of a daily routine. 2011 I got off track haven't recovered strongly. I still work out on and off but have yet to develop a routine out of it. For me it starts with snacks. So, this is my first step in that direction. I even walked over here how about that? The store always feels clean when I enter and the cool breeze when the doors open feels good. I started at the fruit section. Right away I noticed their strawberries are buy 1 get 1 free and I like strawberries. I couldn't resist a cantaloupe either. Next I proceeded to the veggies. I recalled a thread mentioning that carrots and cucumbers were legit so those were added next to my cart. It was hard to pass the frozen pizzas, pre-made meals, and beer but I was successful. Next I found myself starring at dry goods, granola bars in such. I settled with some organic raw almonds. To drink I grabbed a couple gallons of water. I felt like I made some good decisions to get me through the week with snacks. Next week I'll be back to try a few more things and more strawberries before the sale ends (4/18 to 4/25). Any suggestions would be awesome as well!
4	I feel kind of weird writing a review of a place that I go to for necessity.  This place is pretty small but they are pretty organized.  I buy most of my meat's from Fresh & Easy because of the deals they have.  I mean, packages of 6 chicken legs for less than 5 dollars.  Come on!  That's a great deal.  They also have a pretty decent selection on ethnic foods & spices.  And, if organic is your thing, and you don't live near a Trader Joe's or similar, then this is a must hit.  And, if you want something quick and easy, you can pick up some pre-made meals that are good and cheap.  But, my must have, and the real reason that I come here, is for the Organic Coconut Oil.  It is $8 and a staple in my diet.  Don't trust the map on Yelp for this place. It's near the corner of D.I. & Nellis.  Not on Sandhill & Viking.
4	I like fresh and easy market and I'm lucky that it is the primary market in the area. I got in and out quickly. Today was the first time I've been there in a while, but their salads still look fresh. Also, the girls who helped bag the groceries were on their a game!
4	Love the new changes to this place! The draft root beer is awesome and the prices are still pretty good. Now they have tables and chairs so you can get fresh food or heat up their awesome premade food and have a nice lunch.Still my favorite store in the neighborhood.
