2	Ok..this is my first review and after my experience, I was compeled. This review is for the greyhawk location...I'll start first with the service....well there really wasn't any at all..upon entering, there is a sign that states a hostess will seat you but there is no one there...after about 6 min. (I timed it) she wandered out from the back and seated my wife and I...the gal behind the bar came out to take our order...I had forgot to add something and looked around only to see her heading out the door with her purse!! no mention to us that she was leaving or that anyone else would be attending to us...2 other servers (if you could call them that) asked us if anyone had taken our order..I said yes but she left and we didn't know who was taking care of us...no real response...finally, our food came..I had the Jucy Lucy burger and my wife had the turkey dipper...burger was ok, but under cooked (ordered med, it was med-rare) no real big deal but NO ONE ever came back to check on us or I would have asked for it to be cooked a bit more (needless to say, half of it went in the trash) for 10 bucks, I expected more...My wife's turkey dipper was terrible..the turkey was mushey and had no texture at all and had a very peppery taste to it...the dipping gravy had the consistency of milk and of course...NO ONE around to say anything about it to..... I honestly think Dennys could have done a better job on the dipper........at one point. there were NO employees or a manager anywhere to be found in the restaurant as they were all in the back..the bartender was actually sitting in an office chair in a back room!!!! This all during the lunchtime service... I had to get up and go find someone to get my bill....Iwhen I finally found someone, I asked where the server was and his response was "in the back rolling knapkins" ...this place needs a wakeup call if they think that they are ever going to survive in this market full of competition....It seems like it is just a big ship sailing with no captain or anyone in charge that acts like they give a shit about the customers.......this was my second trip to this location and also my last. I will seek out somewhere else to spend my hard earned money where they understand the meaning of service....
3	The food was very heavy as what is to be expected by a beer and burger joint. The group we went with had multiple hot dogs and one burger. The chili sauce that was on the hot dog was not as close to a chili sauce as it should have been.  It needed added flavor however the fact that the hot dogs came grilled made all the difference in the world. The sweet potato tots had a little too much seasoning on them but were crispy. The service was great and did a good job making us feel welcome.  The burger had a massive bun that took away from the taste of the burger itself. Great TVs and great outdoor seating.
4	Just flew into town and wanted to watch the football games at a good bar.  they did not disappoint.  Needed a table for 7 and they were able to seat us in 20 min on Sunday afternoon while the games were on.  Service was excellent.  The waitress split are tab, b/c it is always a pain paying a tab when people have been drinking.  High recommend it.  Also the ladies that frequent the joint are not sore on the eyes.
