4	This is a very new (opened in November 2013) beauty & spa business. It is a great place to get it all done. They have a full hair, manicure and pedicure salon, a 2 seat barber shop, and a full spa to get a facial and massage. They even do make up, waxing and eyelashes. I loved the music in their establishment, R&B oldies, and Motown. How can you not like the music. The staff there are very welcoming and very nice. I was very comfortable with them all. I will be a returning customer.
5	I'm giving 5 stars based on massage alone. Myself & a friend found this place on Groupon. They had a $75 deal for an hour facial, hour massage & a pedicure. When we called one if the nail techs had called in sick so they couldn't do both my friend & I at the same time so they offered us $65 for the facial & massage. The facial was ok, nothing special but for the price it was good. For the massage I had Kunie, she was fantastic! She found all my knots & had a very relaxing touch. I'm pretty sure I drooled and passed out at one point. I was all ready to brag to my friend about how good my massage was until she told me about her massage. She had Amanda, who also has worked or currently works at a chiropractor so she does more of a therapeutic massage. She said she had never felt so wonderful after a massage and could move her neck where it had hurt to before the massage!I cannot wait to go back and get another massage!
5	Great experience!!! I got a massage, facial, and pedicure. All the ladies were wonderful and the experience was amazing. Really recommend it for anyone looking to experience great service with great ladies
5	I had a $35 groupon for a 60 minute Swedish massage...Oh my gosh it was AMAZING! Besides the massage, the salon/spa is a very clean, professional establishment with friendly staff. My masseuse, Kunie, really listened to what parts of my body were really tense, and made sure to cater to those areas (mainly my neck and shoulders). She also listened to the amount of pressure I was comfortable with, and made sure that I was comfortable throughout the entire massage. Overall it was an extremely relaxing and refreshing experience; I would recommend this gorgeous salon to anyone.
5	5 stars for Kuni! She was wonderful! My shoulder and neck had been sore for weeks! I told her I'd like her to focus on that and she really did! I feel so much better. Kuni was very kind and had a great touch! I will definitely be back and I will recommend her to anyone looking for a good massage! This place doesn't look like anything special on the outside but it's nice and clean on the inside.
5	The massage was great the facial was very nice I got the deal on groupon and highly recommend it
5	My daughter and I had a massage, facial and pedicure today at Expertise and each service was AMAZING!! The atmosphere was wonderful. I was VERY impressed with the inside, it was beautifully decorated. They had the softest robes for the clients!!  I have been to many spas but this was the prettiest and nicest one I have been to. Wow what an awesome experience. You have to experience this place. It is high elegance like I was on Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills! :-)  What a great day my daughter and I had. I highly recommend the Expertise beauty and spa.
4	I scheduled a massage for my boyfriend and I here a few weeks ago. Upon my arrival, I was pleased to see that the spa looked very clean and well put together. Unfortunately my masseuse called out that day, but the manager of Expertise was more than accommodating. She offered me a complimentary service while my boyfriend got his scheduled massage, and gave me a credit to come back in another time for my original massage. Although I didn't get the massageI was planning on, I was very pleased with the customer service I received that day. I was given a facial by Josette who seemed very knowledgable and made my experience very enjoyable.
4	I got a groupon for a facial and I had Jossette as my estitician. She was friendly and knowledgable. The room was nice and cozy. The whole experience was nice but my only complaint is there was not a heating pad on the table. I was cold and would of liked that. Jossette was kind enough to put another blanket on me. I didn't have any extractions done which I actually like done so I will ask for them next time. Overall I would recommend Jossette for facials and Kuni for massages. This place is reasonably priced and close to my house
