4	This is a wonderful store!  If they don't have it they order it!  Great customer service which is hard to find in this day and age - always plenty of staff on hand to assist.  What is so cool is that they carry so many"made in America" products!
4	Personalized service, if they don't have it they will order it, very helpful staff. Amazing array of screws and small stuff. Great place to find the stuff they don't have at the big box stores!
1	I was addressed so rudely by the store manager (many years ago) that I permanently swore off the entire chain, forever.I wouldn't go into ANY of their stores, ANYWHERE, ever again, even if they promised to pay for a one-month "stay" at a legal Nevada BROTHEL!Ya wanna go to a TERRIFIC hardware store in Las Vegas, Nevada?  Try this one:http://tinyurl.com/7xuq9jb
4	Washing Soap. They have it. If you're trying to do natural cleaning or make your own cleaners you will find washing soap here. - That is the entire reason I came to Ace Hardware, but now that I have been here I will probably be back for anything I may need "hardware" or "gardening"-wise.This small store reminds me of days gone by. Yes, it may be a chain, but it is not Home Depot or Lowes. HD and Lowes overwhelm me most of the time, the tall, forever reaching shelves, the sterile concrete floors, the orange-clad employees running around, dodging most customers because in actuality - they do not have much experience in say, lighting or well, building shit, they're just there to make a buck, which I'm not saying is bad for them, it's just bad for business when your employees don't know much about the products. Ace is different, it's smaller, it has that "hometown" vibe. At least this one does. I feel like I can deal with this store. I don't feel like I have to be pressured into re-doing my bathroom because my fixtures are out of date and the floor models look uber-fancy. I can easily navigate the small aisles, I don't have to be wandering around a warehouse-sized store looking for the correct bug spray for an hour.I recommend Ace Hardware if you are tired of the warehouse stores. You won't find power-tools here or building supplies, but if you're a novice or you just need odds and ends around the house this store will do fine.
4	If you ever need assistance at a hardware store, Ace is the Place!  For sure:I often get tired of roaming around the big retail hardware stores looking for the right part or asking questions. Most of the staff a these places are either really experienced and never available, or the other side is a theoretical know it all who is available and really does not know too much.At Ace, it is much smaller, however not:a.  Service - 5 Star - Most of the staff with few exception are very, very knowledgeable about most things. There is usually an owner employee there that is available and has quite a bit of knowledge.b.  Selection - 5 Star - OK, so they may not cary everything that the big boys carry, yet for day to day repairs and hard to find items, Ace does have a great selection. Hard to find bolts, nuts, parts, many of the things that you can spend hours trying to find at the big boys, it is easy to find at Ace.c.  Location - 3 star - The Ace locations I know require a 10-15 minute drive, while the big box retailers like Home Depot or Lowes are often 5 minutes or less, so the location is a bit inconvenient.Whenever I want service, quality advice, or want to feel valued, I will always pick Ace over the other two.  When I am lazy and just want a light bulb or something easy, I will go to Lowes or Home Depot...GK says, when you need it, check out ACE.
2	I really try and support local hardware retailers (granted this isn't local, but it's not "big box") as I worked at a small chain back in school.  However I cringe when I have to go here, the staff hasn't been too friendly to me.I ordered something online and for the longest time the tracking simply said the item had been shipped, meanwhile I ordered something via Home Depot after ACE and it came before!  It seemed like the error was the store received the product but never scanned it in, thus I thought it was still in transit.The past 2 times I've gone there, 15-20 min before closing, the employees are huddled at the front of the store and immediately ask me what I'm looking (in not the nicest tone) for because they close soon.  It just seems very pushy, as I'll go to Home Depot or Lowes 5 min before closing and I don't get asked.I most likely would have bought more items if I didn't feel like they wanted to shut up shop early for the night.  I'll continue to go here for items on my way home, but not for my main hardware needs.
