5	This place is amazing. I have taken my dog previously to Pete and Macs and will never go back. After going to Born To Run I would have to say my dog is treated like a family member, the owner Kim knows every dog by first name and treats them like her own. Whenever I bring Kobe here for day care he comes home sooo tired and I actually get to rest at night without him being all over the place. I would highly recommend Born To Run to anyone out in the Gilbert area of Arizona, I have found each day that my dog has gone there amazing. The first time I went there to bring Kobe, I felt like a bad dog dad leaving him alone ( I felt like a dad dropping off there kid at day care for the first time), but now he goes 2 times a week and I feel like such a good dog dad knowing my dog is in the best care possible with amazing caring people playing with him and other dogs. Check it out!!!
5	I love this place- what an amazing job the owner has done with the concept and hiring of the staff. Each of the staff members that I have met are amazing, remembering my dog's name when we come into the office. During day care, the dogs run free in their large fenced yard from 7-11:30am, they have nap time indoors from 11:30-1:30 and then have more playtime from 1:30-6. When outdoors, they have employees with them at all times, have pools set up on hot days, and have plenty of toys. Before each dog attends they have an introduction day, where the dog is put in the yard and the other dogs are let outside one by one to assure no aggression from the new dogs. I love this concept because it's issues like that (along with the presence of irresponsible dog owners) that can sometimes make public dog parks unsafe.
5	All I have to say to Elliot my dog is "you want to go to Born to Run today?" and her tail wags and she heads for the car.  The people at Born to Run are what make this place a gem.  They are so friendly and make Elliot feel right at home as she enters the front door.  When she leaves at the end of the day, she waits for her treat and exits.  Thanks to everyone at Born to Run for making my dog's day and wearing her out so she sleeps like a champ when she returns home :-)
1	Such a shame my dogs love this place so much. I'd generally had pretty good experiences at BTR until recently, when I was confronted about a past due balance from a while ago from their owner.  She completely embarrassed me, spoke to me in the most degrading disrecpectful manner, and really hurt my feelings. I'll never go back to born to run, not that I'm welcome, I'm sure! As a business owner, you dont treat people the way she treated me, over a lousey $48.00. I wrote Kim an email explaining that she sent me home in tears, and that there was a more respectful way to work out arrangements with someone, and of course she had no response for me. If I owned a business and sent a customer home in tears, I would be at least a little appologetic. She was completely out of line, and not that she probably cares, but she lost a customer over it. I've found a new doggy day care that my dogs love. I hope I never have to experience again being treated the way I was. I would reccommed to find another day care if you're trying to find one, don't use Born to Run-very unprofessional ownership to say the least!
1	okay so I take my two dogs here and they really seem to enjoy it.  In all honesty it is a great place for them to interact with other dogs and get out of the house and run all day.  That is why I give them a one star.  Both my dogs have been injured since going there.  Now as a dog owner I know that dogs will be dogs and sometimes around other dogs there are things that happen.  I understand that...what I don't understand is that when my one dog got hurt a few weeks back they told me when I cam to pick him up that they didn't know how it happened but he has a little scrape and not to worry they bandaged it up.  they also said that he probably did not need to go to the vet.  WELL...300 dollars later after the vet visit my dog had a torn pad.  I did not have a problem with him having a torn pad..the problem I had was that they minimized his injury and pretended like nothing happened.  So, since this happened I gave them the benefit of the doubt and took my dogs back there the next week.  WELL..guess what..when I went to pick them up they said that my other dog had a scratch or cut under his leg and it was no big deal.  I asked them what had happened and they said they didn't know, but we cleaned it up and its nothing to worry about.  I asked if I should take him to the vet and once again they said no..its no big deal....WELL.. when I got home I looked at this little cut and it was more like a gaping hole down into his flesh oozing blood..obviously it looked like another dog had bitten him.  So off to the vet we go and another 300 dollars later...he also had a ripped pad.. and the vet said that he could se where another dog had bit him because there are teeth mark in the flesh...so two visits to this place and 600 dollars later I am a little bit disenchanted by the people who work here.  I kind of sense that they weren't being honest with me with what actually happened.  It's very frustrating...my dogs love going there, but It's probably safe to say that they won't be going back.  I just think that the people working there could be a little more honest and not minimize what happened.  this is the only problem I have with this place..other than that it appears to be a great facility that the dogs can roam in..I just wished that they could be more honest when stuff happens.
1	I had been bringing my dog to Born to Run for week long vacations a few times in the past year without ever being told of anything going wrong. Then, they proceed to tell me when I call to schedule boarding that, because my dog (German Short-haired pointer) is too "High Energy" they will not take him any longer. For a place called BORN TO RUN, where pointers need to run, they are DISCRIMINATING AND LUDACRIS!! WHAT A JOKE:BORN TO RUN....WOULD NOT RECOMMEND. PLUS THE PLACE IS NOT THAT CLEAN EITHER.
5	I have a 12 pound pomchi and when we pull in to the parking lot of Born to Run she tries to jump out the window to get inside immediately! I was a little skeptical about leaving her at a daycare to play with all of the big dogs but now I think I was a fool to even think that. Born to Run helped socialize my puppy with all of the dogs, big to small, young to old. She has a blast there and comes home exhausted! I have boarded her on a few occassions and my puppy doesn't want to leave when I come to pick her up. They are so caring and nice to her and so accomadating. I have had a few occassions where my travel plans were changed and they had no problem changing my boarding reservations or keeping her an extra night. Born to Run is amazing and I couldn't be happier with the service they provide!
5	We have been bringing our dog Brody here for the past year and a half and have nothing but positive things to say about Born to Run.  My dog goes crazy when I load her bed into the truck as she knows what is coming next.  The staff has always been super friendly and treats my dog as if it was their own.  I took a tour of the facility once and it is a dream park for dogs.  Big yard with dogs running around playing everywhere (to a limited number of course!)  The kennel room has a kennel for every dog and limited to space so there won't be 75 dogs crammed in.  What I like is before you can board your dog it has to be evaluated to ensure all the dogs there get along.  The steps are an evaluation, then one day of day care and then you can board your dog overnight.  To me that is a smart way to ensure a vicious dog doesn't send your dog to the Vet.Thanks Born to Run knowing my dog is probably having a better time than I am on vacation.  LOL
