4	Since the froyo craze seems to be on it's way out, running into this place was a pleasant surprise. This is definitely one of the better ones and didn't strike me as overly expensive. Huge points for letting you fill up your own cup (and even swirl the flavors!) You also get to pick your own toppings (everything from fresh fruit to heath bar pieces) before having it all weighed just before paying. A very tasty treat!
1	Way over priced and 2 out of 4 of the flavors I tried were disgusting. 45 cents an ounce when everwhere else is around 28 cents. The quality of the yogurt was just terrible. Find a Yogurtland or a Uswirl for better price and a better taste.
3	I've never seen a serve yourself fro yo place. I was pleasantly surprised. They had a wide variety of flavors and toppings some of which were sugar free and fat free. Try it!
5	The flavors at this place where  great.  I went  twice and had the banana flavored yogurt, red velvet cake batter and a caramel flavored yogurt.  I must say  it was really rich in flavor.  The yogurt was not runny as it can be at some places, where the temp is too low.  It had the perfect consistency.The pricing was reasonable, $.38/oz.   The customer service not so great, but who cares, it's self serve, and as long as the fro yo hits the spot,  I'm satisfied.
5	This tiny location in the Fashion Show Mall- lower level near Starbucks and the Crocs kiosk- really delivers. My husband and I went here last weekend- for the both of us it was around $7 and change. (Only accepted cash that day.)You can ask for a sample before deciding on your flavors. The one person standing in front, will gladly get you a sample. We both got the pina colada frozen yogurt (oh so yummy) but he went the candy route (plus cheesecake bits) and I opted for most of the fruit toppings like kiwi, mango, strawberries, blueberries (all of the fruit toppings were pretty sweet and fresh; I only got one tart piece) mixed with mochi pieces (MMMM), and sliced almonds (fresh). It's like a buffet- you get to choose what you want and how much of it! The bins are kept full with toppings and the surrounding areas are very clean. I can't remember what I got in the past, but I remember liking it, though.We came here when it first opened and it seemed to have gotten better (different flavors). Though seating is pretty filled, there is a slight increase in tables and chairs. Also, there are some lounging couches nearby, if you don't mind just holding your cup in your hand. Very similar to U-Swirl, but on a smaller scale (high quality). Charges by the ounce, very reasonable, whereas Haagen Dazs in the food court upstairs, charges $8 for one item! Yo Fresco is the best place to get a sweet treat in the Fashion Show mall that won't break the bank.
4	ATMOSPHERE: LOTS of small table seating right outside of the shop. The shop itself is very small and can become very crowded quickly. People standing in line will get in the way of actually trying to get the fro yo. Kind of annoying.PRODUCT: Around 12 flavors to choose from including cheesecake, coconut, pina colada, blueberry, original tart, sorbet flavors (pomegranate rasberry, mango something). Also had the plain jane flavors chocolate, strawberry, vanilla. Free samplings if you ask. The cheesecake is actually very good and I usually been disappointed with cheesecake flavored items. I opted for the coconut - yummy!  The sorbet flavors seemed a bit too sweet for my liking.Fruit, cereal, candy topping like you would find at any other fro yo place like mini MM's, mini gummy bears, blackberries, mochi, cookie dough, etc. PRICES: Apparently prices have gone up from 38 to 49 cents per oz when I was in Vegas beginning July 2010. Pricey for fro yo! but good for Vegas.CONCLUSION: The only fro yo place that I found on the strip but we weren't exactly looking for one. Hits the spot. I would come here again! (1 star docked for price and poor organization with lines for checking out and getting your fro-yo).
5	This is inside Fashion Show mall. Me and my girls were craving froyo after attending Encore Beach Party and were on our way back to our hotel, Treasure Island, ON FOOT. Therefore, the heat was literally killing us.. So we went to look for froyo and stopped here since one of my girls had been there before. It was a small spot. There was a guy offering samples as soon as we walked up which was very helpful. Then you move onto the toppings bar and I was sooooooo stuck on the mochi bits they had there!!!! YUM! My final creation was cheesecake froyo with chocolate chips, strawberries, and mochiiii :) I was pigging out and got a big portion of froyo with tons of strawberries and the other toppings and it came out to only $5. The only bad part was that there wasn't much seating... So we had to eat standing up for a little bit until we saw a family getting up and rushed over. It was good enough that I looked them up to see if there was any around here (San Jose) and to my disappointment, there wasn't...
3	I tried the pumpkin spice which was rich and nice balance of spice. I topped it with white chocolate syrup and cheesecake bits. To balance out the richer pumpkin,  I also tried the pomegranate raspberry sorbet and coconut with some raspberries and blackberries. These two yogurts go well together even with the tart sorbet and the creamy but light coconut.  I thought the flavors they had were good, but the bottomline was that they were running at a slightly too low temperature that it's ultra soft serve. It melted before I even paid. If they served it a bit more solid- then I would say this is a solid spot. So far when it comes to on the strip froyo- Red Mango has been the best one.
5	What a great idea! You can pick and choose from an array of yogurt flavors and toppings, and pay by the ounce. While I love fro-yo,so many places have such enormous sizes --and overpriced ones at that-- that it often feels like a waste. Here, you can get as much or as little as you actually want, and you pay accordingly.Also, I can never decide which flavor to order, and here, I don't have to choose!Great concept, great taste. I wish they had these in Ohio.
5	I say I like this place, I do declare!  With 9 flavors and 40+ toppings, plus unlimited free samples.  I basically stopped by just to try a free sample, then my friend started to fill up a cup and I thought "ok why not?".  It basically works like getting carry out at an all-you-can-eat Chinese buffet.  You fill up as much as you want at the self-serve stations and you pay by weight, at 55 cents an ounce.  I sampled a few flavors before filling up and they all had great fruit flavors.  I ended up with mango, raspberry pomegranite, and banana.  My friend thought the banana was too sweet, but I like it the best.  At least try the free samples!
5	Love the cheesecake flavor yogurt here.  Blueberries are so fresh and sweet. At least this place offers fresh fruits unlike others that only serves fruits from can. Wish there's a location near my house tho. But this place definitely gets a thumps up from me.
3	Not one, not two, but THREE tart flavors! It may not sound like that much to some of you, but this is the first froyo place I've gone to in the past month that has more than two tart flavors. They had original tart, grapefruit tart, and mango tart. The original was good, not the best, but still good. I always lean more toward a more sour/tangy taste, so it was just a little more subtle than I would like. The grapefruit was bitter, but what do you expect? I guess I thought it'd be more like a "sweet" grapefruit, but no, it was bitter and tasted just like grapefruits. The mango tart was SO flavorful. Possibly one of the most flavorful tart flavors I've ever tasted. It was a little overwhelming, so I'd advise to get it without any toppings because it's perfect on its own.Price wise, this place is pretty expensive, but it IS in Fashion Show Mall on the strip, so there's no surprise there. Luckily I was using a $10 Livingsocial voucher, so it didn't really bust a hole in my wallet. However, I can see why people complain about the price. I used the voucher just for myself since my friend had to leave early and my one cup of yogurt came out to $8.95 easily. I'm sure I looked like a fatass with that cup of yogurt though.All in all, this is a great froyo place. The staff is friendly, the place is clean, and they have a good selection of tart flavors. However, the downfalls are the price and the fact that they have no tables/chairs for customers.
5	SO GOOD.JUST GO.You're welcome.
4	Yofresco is on the lower level, next to Forever 21.  Very clean.  Extra star for helpful and friendly staff.  This is a nice spot for a quick break while shopping at the huge Fashion Show Mall.  My hubby liked the mango.  He said it tasted like a smooth sherbet.  I liked the Red Velvet Choc Cake.  It was creamy, although could be more chocolat-y.
5	This place is good. Great place to stop while walking around in the Venetian Casino. It is self serve so you serve yourself from over 10 frozen yogurt machines. Then you would put the yogurt on the scale to be charged for the amount. A little pricey but is worth the indulge and less money then a alcoholic drink if not greedy. I love the Vanilla it is number one to me!
4	I absolutely adore their new thin mint chocolate flavour. I think it's been in for only a few months. Add in some cheesecake then top that off with some cookie dough chunks and granola. Voila, a nice treat to accompany anyone while they shop around the fashion show mall. If I may add, they also give out free samples and everyone's charged depending on how much your fill of yogurt weighs at only about 60cents per ounce. Very yummy in the tummy!
5	Yummm. Esp the coffee flavor. Incredibly reasonable prices and friendly staff. Perfect shopping break :)
3	It seemed like a small number of flavors to choose from. But I guess it's in a mall... There were decent choices of toppings available. I got some original tart, topped it off with some strawberries and mochi balls. My total was $4.30.I guess I'm a Golden Spoons fan. I think the value for your money is better there, plus I personally like the flavors and texture more. Yofresco is A-OK for self-serve yogurt...
3	Creamy consistency, ability to mix two adjacent flavors, ok-fresh toppings (usual fruit - berries- and cookie, candy, nut toppings). Fifty cents an ounce, ouch...A few sugar free choices that didn't taste too much like saccharin. Also, dairy free sorbet option (when I went it was raspberry pomegranate). Overall a moderately decent option if you're really craving fro yo after a whirlwind shopping extravaganza at forever 21.
5	Yummy!! A midday shopping snack at fashion show mall. Low calorie and sugar free options. Another nice treat from my diet. We had the chocolate and pistachio. I savored every bite. I'd have gone again but it wasn't walking distance from our hotel. :-( Also they do give samples but the workers come out from behind the register to serve them to you. Don't expect a handful of small cups for you to sample at your own leisure. Price per ounce is $0.49.
1	Very pricey...at least compared to normal yogurt places such as Yogurtland. The yogurt itself is very creamy...together. It's actually a bit too creamy for me as I wanted a more yogurt-y feel rather than eating the many gelato places all over the strip. Anyway, this is what I tried:Cheesecake: Definitely reminds me of a sour cream/cream cheese mix, but VERY, very creamy.Tart: I honestly thought you couldn't go too wrong with plain tart, but it was creamy and way too sour. There was really no flavor to it; just creamy sourness...if that's even a flavor.Chocolate: Again, a bit of a disappointment. It did taste better than most of the other yogurts, but it wasn't too satisfying. I guess it's one of those "I'll eat it if I have to since I'm craving CHOCOLATE AND I NEED IT NOW!!!" last resorts.Pistachio: Absolutely no flavor. Just a sweet icy thing. Hideous.Strawberry: This one was my favorite. It was pretty much the only edible thing there...actually tasted like strawberries and cream. Again, not the best by far, but certainly edible.Overall, I am definitely still on my search to find a decent yogurt place in Vegas...
4	They should seriously consider renaming this place Yofresco Shakes. The shakes are so.damn.good. Nevermind the yogurt, it's pretty much the regular stuff you can find at Yogurtland and places.But why oh why are the shakes so damn good? Well, they all come with a special protein made by Visalus. It is a rich protein that is good for people working out and also has hunger-fighting ingredients! So for those of you trying to slim down and look good for the runways at the Fashion Show Mall, look no further.I really don't have that much of a sweet-tooth, but I almost make it a routine to pick up a Strawberry Cheesecake shake whenever I drop by. Plus those graham crackers they sprinkle on the top? So BOSS!
3	No reason to write very much here. It's frozen yogurt, nothing special. It's tasty but since it's on the strip it's overpriced, more than usual, which knocks a star off.
4	Strawberry is so good! Toasted marshmallows and mango is yummy too. They let you sample them before you buy it. So we got to sample almost all the flavors. To my surprise, I liked their egg nog flavor too and I don't like egg nog.It's tasty semi healthy. But it's definitely the best yogurt place had. Out beat Yogurtland, Menchies, and Pinkberry! I hope they open one in Los Angeles!!
3	quick pitstop in the Venetian.. nice break from all the smoke-filled casinos
