2	The Tryon House is as old-school southern diner thats been around long before diners or Southern food became cool again. (The ageing interior definitely bears witness to this). While I'm partial to both, my meal at the Tryon House "did the job" and little else.Like all good diners, the Tryon House has blue plate specials; the holy trinity of a meat, veggie, and a starch.  The blue plate special are around $6.50.  In my case, it was a hamburger steak covered in yellow onions and brown gravy, green beans, and yams.  While not impressive or particularly flavorful, the food sticks to your ribs. And of course, its served with a complementary chicken soup (more like chicken broth) and cornbread.  Our waitress was quick if not hurried for no apparent reason. She literally whisked herself after every order, refill, and "How's everything going?".  Thats a bit unnerving, but I didn't have high expectations at a diner.  Will I go back?  Hmmm, maybe.  Like all good diners, I'm sure Tryon House has that one dish that really defines them (think Grecian Chicken at Ted's or fried squash at Crown Point).  Tryon House is certainly not a destination for me, but its cheap and near my job.   It seems like fair bet for lunch if I'm craving diner fare.
3	LOYAL local's lunch spot. Great service. Average food. Complimentary soup.
3	Ordered a basic breakfast which came out wrong (eggs cooked rock hard).  No problem.  They corrected the order with two minutes.  (Note:  Can no one in Charlotte cook eggs properly anymore?).  That aside, I was greeted promptly and my waitress was kind and efficient without calling me babe or honey--I like that.The Tryon House has fallen into a slumber that's all too common.  Instead of focusing on fresh, awesome dishes that patrons rave about, they go for the quick, cheap and easy.  They could still offer the basics, but there's nothing signature here.  Other than low price and quick service, why repeat the experience unless you're starving?  A gem in a transitional neighborhood just waiting, waiting, waiting.
