5	I took my kids to get their teeth cleaned and an annual check up. They had a great experience, so I came back the next day and had my exam as well. They were friendly and knew what they were doing. I'm happy to know they have so many locations around town. Definitely recommend kids and adults.
1	WARNING!!!!! Butcher shop.  They can't even inject properly.  They gave me a hematoma from a simple procedure.   Avoid these butchers.  Chop shop alert.  You have been warned.  New dentists practicing without supervision.  Zero stars.
5	Dr. Reese delivered expert care to me and my son this week. I came in with a chipped tooth. She counseled me on a couple of options and explained the pros and cons of both. When she had finished repairing my tooth, it was flawless. She treated my son so well while we were there and made him actually want to come back to the dentist!! Great experience from a dedicated professional.
1	Went to Absolute Dental in Meadows Mall my kids and my niece and nephew all had dental work done by Dr. Reese. Soon after my son had work done he developed an abscess tooth and so did my niece. Took my son to see a new dentist and I was told that all the work he'd had done at absolute was done horribly. They disturbed a nerve which is causing his teeth to change colors. His fillings were not filled in all the way there fore he's developing a second abscess. Since he's so young they have to put spacers in his mouth where the bad teeth are being removed. This is such crap! It makes me wonder if he really needed all the work they did or did they just want to make money. I'm so pissed off.
4	They are quick and available to work with you on same  day appointments... the work performed is great there were no issues
5	I was so nervous going in yesterday.. it had been a little over 2 years since I've had a cleaning and let's face it, the dentist office is no day at Disneyland. But you've gotta go.. and I was more than impressed/relieved. The location is a bit "ghetto" if i dare say, but the inside and whole staff were awesome! Sarita did my cleaning and wow! She was super nice and did a great job! I can't wait to go back, my teeth look and feel great! Thanks
