5	I could eat lunch off the floor in here. Seriously, this place is spotless and more organized than the alphabetized, labels facing out, canned goods in my kitchen cupboard. Elaine. How do I say this? I'm madly in love with Elaine. I went to pay for some doublestick tape to hang a ticket holder in the restaurant. She, very politely, said she thought this wouldn't hold. Instantly told me what to get and got an equally friendly person to equip me with the tools to do the job. Some strong glue and a couple of screws later Elaine and I were smiling and enjoying a cigarette together....NO...I kid! Really though, I bought two screws and some glue that will hold up stainless steel and I was in and out in five minutes. Thanks to the staff, or I would have been back. And I've got better things to do. Like organizing the cereal boxes. Rickie put the Lucky Charms before the Cap'n Crunch! WHO does that?
5	The best help I've ever had in a Hardware store!  This place is SWARMING with staff willing to help you. All of them wear goofy red Hawaiian shirts so you clearly know who is there for your benefit. The place is medium sized but they always seem to have two registers open, basically insuring that you are in and out in a very speedy manner.I don't know why you would shop anywhere else ... nothing against Home Depot but I'm done with you. Service is king!
3	Normally this store is pretty dam good... but tonight... WTF? Normally the staff fall over eachother to assist and they know what they're talking about.  Good stuff.!!Normally... but ..tonght while buying caulk.. I asked the wrong person for assistance.  I'm not sure if I caught her off guard with my stupid question " Could you please help me with some flexible spackle or caulking" or if it was just a bad night for her... WOW... lady... get out of customer service.. SOON!  I'll still go back here as normally they have most everything here... and its not a big ordeal like the homedepot thing, and 99% of the time the staff is really really great!
3	This store has a good stock of the stuff you need in a hardware store and is in a good location.  The attitude of the store could be better though.  Who you have helping you find what you need really makes a difference.   There is woman, I believe named Elaine, who really knows her stuff and I will always work with her.  Otherwise, the service can be so so attitude wise.  It's just not my favorite place to shop. Maybe part of it is at closing time, they are ready to close and get you out of there, especially the manager (owner?).  This store is better than it used to be when they used to have one particularly nasty employee but it still has a way to go.
4	It's on a power corner featuring a cool divey bar (Pomeroys) a nice deli (Scott's Generations) a Bashas, a Starbux, Buffalo Exchange, the best damn bagels in town (Karsh's) and a few other things. So hey, all that and you can get hardware, too! Try not to drink before getting hardware. You might get the wrong stuff.Lots of bargain hunters put down Ace and think their prices are exorbitant compared to Home Depot and Lowes. And yes, their prices are usually higher for the same items. But in my case, I would rather pay a bit more more per-unit for wood screws than park a block away from the front door of HD, walk another block once inside, struggle to find exactly what I am after, be forced to buy twice the quantity that I need when I do find it, and then wait in line to check out. If I were still seriously doing home improvement (like drywalling a whole basement or putting up new rain gutters) I would still favor the big DIY chains. As a townhome dweller (rented at that) I choose to buy my cuphooks and cornbrooms at Ace. Also, they seem to hire attractive and exceedingly nice people here. I probably shouldn't say anything. Whoops. I just did.
5	Extremely nice and helpful!
2	We've lived close to this Ace Hardware for 6+ years & bc there's no Home Depot close by, we run in here for odds & ends quite often.  This is a nice store, they've got a good (not great) selection & the guys who work here are usually helpful. HOWEVER, the girls at the registers are NEVER friendly & they lack the common sense to say "thank you" after taking your money, This has been a consistent theme over the years.  We try to go to the True Value at 16th St & Bethany Home when we can. True Value usually has lower prices too.  The clincher for me personally was when I bought several things (incl some firewood) at the front register & right after walking out a manager came up to my car asking if I had paid for the firewood. This manager walked right past the girl at the register, who I had just paid, to get to me!  She apologized, but I was really offended & annoyed that she didn't think to stop & ask the cashier if I had paid.  Don't expect exceptional service & you won't be disappointed.
2	I write very few bad reviews but this is one I can't get out of my mind.  I just moved in 2 miles away and was glad that there was a quick, small hardware store near by that i could use.  I am military and typically ask for a discount as it is pretty much industry standard at hardware stores.  I am never upset when a company does not offer one but this time was different.  The cashier responded with a " Why would we offer you a discount? I don't get a discount because I am a woman."  I don't hate ACE exactly what you need for a quick home repair and others were very nice inside.  I was just so taken back by someone saying something so rude I could not possibly recommend them or do business with them again.
1	So now I know my worth to Ace.   I have always used this store as a super convenient Hardware store...,NEVER AGAIN!!!  I was returning air condition filters for a different size ... Simple right--- WRONG.   This exchange was not in their policy so they could not do it.  Sometimes a business manager needs to look past a store policy to retain a great client.  The filters probably cost them 2 bucks: compared to the hundreds of dollars that I have spent and  the hundreds that I would have spent in the future... I am glad to know that your appreciation of local clients is not worth 2 bucks.... ACE I am disappointed in you.
1	Terrible place to shop!!! The manager is an expletive i cannot say on here. I went and bought several nails and screws as well as a rug and other items. While i was checking out the cashier charged me incorrectly for some of the screws, actually charged me more than what they were so i told the cashier and she corrected her mistake. While shopping i was there for about an hour because i was looking at paint, i even talked to a guy while i was there about different paint options as well as another lady about drill bits and about my cat condo project. anyway after i left i realize after i got home the cashier had also forgotten to give me a receipt. the rug i purchased did not work where i wanted it so i attempted to return it about 1 week after i purchased it, i went back the following weekend and the manager refused. i have never heard of refusing to return something or even give a store credit. im not one to return stuff so i was completely shocked. when i put up a stink with the manager she absolutely rude. i will never go there and the reason is that this location along with several others are individually owned and because of this they can make up whatever policies they want. so back to Hd or Lowes i go. never again!!
4	Great Hardware store!
4	Turning the closet into a safe place!  I love this small little hardware store and they usually have what I need.  The only reason they don't get 5 stars is that usually the help is too busy gabbing with someone that they don't realize there are several people standing around waiting to ask them a question.  I've waited patiently several times now, only to give up and go find what I need on my own.
1	DO NOT GET KEYS MADE HERE!I am so annoyed with this Ace. I moved into a new place and needed to get keys made. The cashier paged someone and after waiting about 15 minutes I headed toward the exit, then he finally arrived. I had 5 keys made, 2 didn't fit.  Went back to have the 2 fixed, 1 still didn't work. Ugh!Fast forward a year later and keep in mind my deteriorating memory, I once again had to get keys made and returned to this location. I got 5 made, 2 didn't work (sound familiar). When I went  back to get the keys fixed the woman who helped me told me it is not usually the fault of the people cutting the keys, but the calibration of the machine. She assured me the machine was just calibrated so we should have no issues. And guess what? One of the keys STILL doesn't fit.
4	This store is a decent store. The staff is helpful. One of the cashiers had a funny nature about her. A little sarcasm thrown in, but she was cool and helpful. Prices were pretty good there as well. I'm sure I'll make return trips there eventually for work.
5	I am a strong handyman and this is my favorite hardware store ever. They really have everything. One aisle of just fine hardware.
5	I usually get treated like I'm incompetent at stores like these, but not at this one! The customer service at this location is wonderful! They helped me find exactly what I needed and guided me around the store introducing to me to each person in their department that could help with my project. I sincerely appreciate being treated with so much respect. It was like they cared about my project's success as much as I did!Thank you so much for the experience you provided me. I wish I could give you 10 stars!I will be rating you on yelp, google and any other source I can find!
3	Traditional, small neighborhood hardware store.  Friendly staff and quick customer service.  I prefer coming here instead of the bigger stores because I can actually find staff to answer my questions.
