1	We are new to Arizona and made the mistake of choosing Arizona Avenue Animal Clinic for our 11 year old cat, who visited them to be groomed. Our first impression when my husband and I walked in was this was not the place for her. It was 8:30 in the morning on a Wednesday, there were 3 ladies at the front desk and one customer sitting and filling out paperwork. No one asked if they could help us or even acknowledged we were there and it was quite obvious all the front desk employees were in a bad mood.  When they finally got around to helping us, I provided paperwork to show her recent rabies vaccination from February of this year. When I set up the appointment, I asked if they would need proof of her vaccine history. The person I spoke with on the phone stated rabies was all they cared to see. When the lady drew up our paperwork for the days visit (a simple grooming), she also added on an addition $175 in additional vaccines and exams our cat would need, without even asking if she was current first. On the new client paperwork it asked if our pet was aggressive and would need sedation. I clearly put on the paperwork that she could be aggressive in a veterinarian situation and would definitely need sedation but also, when I called to make the appointment, I discussed this with them at that time b/c I do worry with her age about her reaction to sedation and they stated it would not be an issue.We dropped her off and they called later to state she was done and the earliest she could be picked up was 2:30. At 2:30, we went to get her and were ushered into an exam room where a rude vet tech snapped at us that she had bitten another tech, it broke the skin and, therefore, animal control would have to be called and it would have to be reported. Not a problem since she is up to date on her rabies vaccination.  She didn't let us speak much and carried on and on about the rabies vaccination and that's why it's so important b/c it's as much protection for them as it is the pets, all pointless considering, again, she is up to date on her vaccines. We were treated as though it was our cats fault for the mishap and only after waiting for her to be done talking, and then our persistence of asking how it happened, did she disclose that it happened right when we came to pick her up, she was still considerably groggy and they did not put her back in her carrier while she was still under (where she would feel more comfortable when she woke up) and when the tech went to get her she tried to protect herself and bit him. Even though it was stated on her paperwork that she could be aggressive, and she had to be sedated to be groomed, the tech took no precautions on getting her but it was her fault he was bitten. They never seemed apologetic that the event happened; just angry with us somehow that she wasn't handled appropriately in their care, under the circumstances. In the past, with her prior vet of 10 years, we dropped her off by 8 a.m. and picked her up at 11 a.m. They also had to sedate her but by the time we got home she was completely back to herself. After her visit at Arizona Avenue Animal Clinic, where she stayed all day, it was clear she was over drugged. When we got home she could barely stand up, when she walked she could only take a step or two before falling over and she stayed in this condition until the next morning. We were concerned with her and could not believe they would release her in such a condition. From our first impression to our last moments with them we were nothing but disappointed with the customer service we received. We question their care for animals and, based on the additional charges they tried to stack on our bill for unnecessary vaccines, we feel they are more out for money than truly caring for pets. Do yourself, and your pet, a favor and choose another veterinary practice.
1	If you keep stuffed animals as pets, then this place is for you. Anything alive and you love like a family member, stay away. I know that's a tad harsh but in all sincerity, I'm dead serious. I took my 1 year old long haired cat to be spayed. I went over all the details over the phone in making the appt. No eating after 10pm, pick up in the afternoon and yes, I positively wanted a sedative after surgery. Seriously, why wouldn't my cat have a pain killer after major surgery and no, price is not an issue. Can you imagine waking up after having a hysterectomy and not have a pain killer? I had been warned and I didn't even know it.  I arrived in the early morning and........waited,.....and waited. Alone in the reception area by myself while a few assistants at the front desk did A..B..S..O...L...U..T...E..L..Y nothing. Finally, they took my paperwork and took my little girl. That's right I luv my cat. And, I needed to get to work. So, I call in the afternoon and no one knows what's up with my kittie. No worries, I call later. Finally, my kittie is ready after 4pm. I go to pick her up and the vet was nice enough but really drove me right out of my skin.  What is up with all the up-selling. Yes, the vet upsells. More vaccines,- seriously, the cat was vaccinated 6 months ago, she is fine. Does she need grooming, she is a year old and grooms like a fiend, no thanks.  But the kiss of death was the push for declawing. Now, you know if I had a hissy fit over the sedative being an add on to the spaying, the damn declawing just about put me over the edge. Really, you - a vet, who should know better than anyone the harm declawing can do to a cat. Tell me how you would get around without your toes and your are pushing declawing? Thanks for offering to overvaccinate and amputate my cat. I paid my $495.00 and I left with my baby. And we won't be back.
5	Dr. Kristi and Dr. Christina saved my beloved cat's life. My cat was in sudden obvious pain one morning a couple years ago and I took him in immediately. He had a urinary blockage so they had to hospitalize him and insert a catheter.Both vets were awesome. I was crying my eyes out and they were sensitive and sympathetic. They helped me work out a reasonable payment plan for the hospitalization. Two years later my cat is healthy and happy.I live very far away from this clinic and my cat can't handle long car rides. But I highly recommend AZ avenue clinic for anyone in the Chandler/ Gilbert area!
5	This review is long overdue, as my dog has been a tail-wagging client of Dr. Kristi's twice in the past six months when he succumbed to two unforeseen circumstances for an otherwise healthy and happy dog; a suspicious growth and a cracked tooth. I took my dog to see Dr. Kristi this past winter when I noticed a growth on his paw. Dr. Kristi successfully removed the tumor, and fortunately for the little guy, it turned out to be benign. I left the clinic feeling relieved, and he left as the proud owner of a neon green wrap (he loved the attention) and returned to have his stitches removed two weeks later. The fur has since grown back, and he is back to his handsome self.More recently my dog fell victim to a cracked tooth that I believe resulted in his attempt to destroy a dog chew in one sitting. I took him in again to see Dr. Kristi and she was able to extract the tooth for him that day. I felt comfortable calling Dr. Kristi with all of my questions over the next few days, and she was very patient and thorough in her explanations. My dog looks forward to going back for his check-ups and vaccinations and being greeted by all his friends at the clinic who have come to know and love him.
5	My husband and I have been taking all of our cats to Az Ave. Clinic for many, many years. All of the Drs. here are 1st class and I would trust any one of them to care for my precious four-legged babies.  This clinic is the type of place you would find in Mayberry, very down-home, and reminds me of the place we took our pets to back in the Midwest, back when I was growing up. These people are loving and caring to animals, and respectful to their owners.  If something needs to be done for a pet, options are always thoroughly explained. The Drs. always follow-up with a phone call after a surgery or procedure to check on the well-being of a pet.  Kudos to Dr. Christina, Dr. Kristi, Dr. Mike, and all others who have been there for our feline family!
5	I have been going to this clinic for 12 years now and have always had great service.  I think all vets are going to be expensive, so at least these folks are good people.  Unfortunately, this last visit was not a good one and we had to make a hard decision with our 12 year old terrier mix, Buddy.  Dr. Christina was amazing and has been the past few years that we have seen her consistently.  You know someone is not only a good vet but a great person when they basically sit on the floor and cry with you when you have to make a horrible decision for the first time ever for a dog that has been a part of your life for 12 years.  The kisses she gave Buddy the last minutes and the hugs she gave us before we left will never be forgotten.  While the card we got in the mail today made me cry, it shows the compassion these folks have for their animal patients and the families who trust them with their care.  The next furry friend that comes into our life will most certainly be taken to this clinic, even if we don't live down the street.  Thank you very much for making a horrible day as humane as possible.  I would recommend this practice to anyone.  Thank you Dr. Christina for your kindness and compassion our last two visits.  You are amazing
3	We took our kitty Graycie here because she had a bit of a cold. I did a lot of research and chose this place based on reviews and also price. I think the doctor (can't remember his name) could've been a bit more gentle with her, but otherwise all was pretty good. We also took her here to get declawed and they were friendly and did a great job on keeping her comfortable.
4	This is the only vet that I've ever taken my T-Bear to since he likes the staff so much (Mind you T-Bear is a half Mastiff/Labrador so he can be a bit picky, hell he won't even eat Beggin' Strips!) Anyhow, the staff is always friendly and accommodating (did a walk-in check up on Saturday which is their busiest day). The prices are a little higher than other vet prices that I've seen online but it's worth it. Don't worry if they try to upsell you on toe nail clippings or heartworm medicine if you nicely say "no thank you" they'll leave you alone. The place is always clean and odor free and when you walk out the door you'll feel like you've done the best you could for your pet.
5	I LOVE Arizona Avenue Animal Clinic!!!!  I have boarded, groomed, and seen doctors there.  My dogs are both difficult to handle and Dr. Kristi loves them anyway!! I will NEVER EVER use another vet.  I LOVE THEM!!!!!!
5	We had never been to this vet before, but my kitty of 12 years suddenly got very sick, very fast.  Going into this appointment, we were sure we'd be facing that awful decision that no pet owner ever wants to have to make.  My husband & I were both emotional wrecks at the clinic.   Dr Mike was very, very good.  He was very honest and compassionate in explaining all sides of  Scotty cat's situation.  He gave us alone time in the exam room to discuss it and more time to eventually say our goodbyes...  A few days after this all happened, we received a card in the mail.  I was expecting a standard signed sympathy card, but we got a card and a personally written letter from the vet saying some nice, comforting words about that whole situation.  It was surprising and very touching.  We'll definitely be coming here with our other pets from now on.
1	This animal hospital is just terrible. I have been taking my dog there for about three years. She has a lump on her belly ever since we got her, we did not think it was anything severe so we did not take any action. She was regularly examined there may be over 10 times in the last three years. Since she never had any issue with appetite and exercise, we assume it is benign.Last month, we started to notice the lump has increased a little bit in size, so I finally ask the Vet to check it out. They responded with a list of recommendations include X-Rays, biopsy, and removal procedures. I bluntly asked them why it was NEVER ONCE MENTIONED to us that this could be an issue in OVER THREE YEARS! They said they just never checked there. The total bill for those procedures will run more than $1500 dollars.I think as a Vet, they should have thoroughly check my dog for any illness, especially they charge $49 dollar for every check up regardless of duration. So we probably had paid more than $1000 dollars in Vet bills here. Needless to say, I will not be returning to this place ever again. I recommend you to take your dog anywhere else. You paid a lot and get little in return.P.S. their groomer's skill is horrible, every time we have our Cocker Spaniel groomed, she looks horrible. The groomer basically just do a buzz cut throughout even though we requested Cocker Spaniel cut with skirt and fluffy legs.
1	I am really ashamed I even brought my cat here. These people aren't for the animals, they're just after the money! 05/21- I brought my cat here to get her yearly vaccinations before my trip to Florida since we were flying w/ her. All was fine and I paid a little above what I'm used to (I have paid for vet services in both San Diego, CA and Panama City, FL.) I could deal w/ the price issue as long as my cat was taken care of. I was told I needed to be back after 3 weeks for her leukemia booster. I asked if it would take long since I work in afternoons and the manager "Mary" said that no she'd just get her shot and be in and out. I thought okay cool, I'll bring her back the day after I come back from Florida.06/12- Took my cat to get her booster shot and thought alright, I should be in and out. No that wasn't the case. I had to wait about 20 minutes and Dr. Christina shows up. I thought to myself it was weird they were having the vet do the booster shot instead of a vet. tech. but I guess that's how they do things around there. She checked my cat and then gave her the shot. Out we go. I go to check out expecting maybe $20 for the booster shot but no, I'm surprised by $63.75 charge. I asked if they charged me for another exam and they said yes, that they always do. I told the girl at the desk that that wasn't what I was informed. I was told I'd get the booster and be out. Mind you, I already paid $100 before for just vaccinations and an exam and thought everything was covered when I came in. I wasn't told of any additional costs on our 3 week follow up for the booster. Not on the invoice nor from "Mary." I have taken my cat to followups in Florida and California and have never been charged something I wasn't told about prior to coming. Even in San Diego where you'd expect to be swindled out of your money because everything is so damn expensive there, I never had to deal w/ this. I paid $43.80 for an additional exam and $19.95 for the booster shot after I already paid $19.95 for the first shot. So what I'm saying is these people don't really care about your animals. All they want is your hard earned cash. I'm not saying I wouldn't pay a pretty penny for my animal because I would. I'd just like to know about it before I go instead of being lied to. Take my advice and just don't go here. You're better off going to the vet down the street. I don't normally write reviews but when I feel like I have been scammed out of my money I'd like to warn people before they do too.
5	I do not know where these folks with the negative reviews went but it could not have been the Arizona Ave Animal Clinic,  First we are traveling in an RV and one of our three dogs got very sick. Called the clinic and explained what was happening and they got us right in.  They did all kinds of tests and then presented a treatment plan for us.  The price was what we expected no one attempted to take advantage of us or the situation.  We left the area and got several follow up phone calls to ensure everything was ok.  10 days later the same dog come down with pancreatitis and my wife called them up and they got him in again.  They recommended that he stay in the hospital but knew we were not in the area so set up a treatment plan we could follow while on the road.  Have gotten 4 phone calls to check up on the new problem.  Highly recommend this clinic.  Our doctors were Dr Mike and Dr Khristina.
4	We had a hurt dog and they got us right in this morning.    Great staff and friendly Dr.
5	My 11 yr. old Dachshund dog was having a hard time walking and I called in a panic to see if they could squeeze me in. I have had other dachshunds with bad backs and had to put them down - I was so stressed!  I had called other vets nearby and one was going to charge me $100 extra for walking into their facility without an appointment - I have never heard of such a thing!!Anyway, the AZ Ave Animal Clinic staff was so kind over the phone and told me to get him in right away. Dr. Sarah spent lots of time examining him and I walked out with my best buddy Frodo very happy. We took a conservative form of treatment and he is totally fine now. Whenever I drive by the office I tell my friends to check them out!
3	Very clean. The people working there used to be more helpful. They usually can get you in quickly. We had mostly been happy with them. They also do boarding and grooming.We have been using them for 3.5 yrs but considering switching. Here's  why: You can no longer get an appt with Dr John anymore, nor can you talk with him. The other drs I do not trust their opinion...one guy was such an airhead he took my dog's blood pressure,  forgot to write it down, then when we were paying and leaving, he detained us to redo it. Dr Cesar? I think his name was. We got a lady one time, she seemed ok but not as personable as Dr John. All of them have a different opinion of what dog food you should be using. I mean, HUGE difference. I called a week ago, trying to get a surgery taken care of we had put off due to finances...I asked what the procedure is to get it done now since the price quoted me was more than 1 yr ago when we couldn't afford it; do we have to have a consult or something? The girl didnt know.  She put me in hold, then told me to come consult with (not the surgeon but another vet)...and when I asked; why would I consult with NOT the surgeon,  and was that going to cost extra, she told me not to yell at her. Honey, you have not heard me yell. That was condescension for your not knowing good customer svc skills or how to do your job, not yelling. Anyway, she assured me she would talk with Dr John about it and get back to me ASAP. Not sure when ASAP is, but we are a week out now. SOOO I guess I will check with another vet about this needed surgery.This originally was 5 stars until lately, with the not-the-best service. I am thinking it probably should be even lower stars, but Dr John did do a good job on the first surgery and even offered to float me a loan paid back when I could, but monthly, just out of his concern for the dog, but at the time I was overwhelmed with bills and didn't want to add one more huge one to the pile. BUT since he is not really available to even talk to, new ppl may not even get this good kind of caring cust svc here anymore. Sad that it has gone this downhill.
5	We love this clinic and Dr. Christina she is so thorough and kind with our two dogs. We been going here for over 4 years.
