4	Passing by today and thought we would give it a try. We were greeted right away and the staff was very friendly. The concept is simple: Build your pizza the way you would a sub. pick your crust type, your sauce and all your toppings and it's ready in 5 minutes. When you build your own, it's the same price no mater what toppings or how many you choose and all pizzas are the same personal size. My wife got the whole wheat thin crust and I got the classic pan. We both really liked our pizzas. A little under $20 for the 2 pizzas and 2 drinks.(note: their bacon is good. I mention this because many times pizza places have terrible bacon) their spicy marinara is good too and does have some spice to it.
5	I think this place is worthy of 5 stars given what it is... Fast food pizza.  If you're in a hurry and want some good pizza, you can't go wrong with this place.  Your pizza is made right before your eyes with fresh ingredients and comes out of the oven in 3 minutes!  Their pizza and salad combination make a very nice quick lunch place at a very reasonable price.  The concept is awesome: it's a set price for whatever pizza and toppings you want. After they put the toppings on your pie it runs through a conveyor type oven for a couple of minutes and it's in your hand within 5 minutes of ordering.I like that they serve alcohol (bottled, not full bar). It's nice if you want a beer along with your pizza.  Place is super clean and the staff is always very friendly and helpful. Love to eat here whenever I'm in town.  Just wish they had one where I live.
3	Pie Five is a perfectly OK fast food alternative, I'm convinced this new franchise will do well but rating it on par with say ... Pure? I mean come on, that's simply preposterous! I found a coupon in my mail box, my first thought was "great, one more pizza franchise, just what Matthews needed!" -Not. The concept looked intriguing:  any pizza, any combination of toppings, one price (under $7) so I decided to check it out.There was a small rush when I got there maybe 20 people ahead of me including kids. The help was hustling as fast as it could, particularly a kid in a black tee who seemingly was hammering down and garnishing everyone's pizza single handed -and feeling the pain. The order process was rushed, customers seemed overwhelmed and tended to say 'that's all' after only a couple of toppings. Not yours truly, I asked for : classic pan crust, Tuscan marinara, minced garlic (turned out to be prepared garlic in oil), Mozzarella/Provolone blend, spinach,  Italian sausage and bacon (both crumbled), red onions and artichoke hearts, sprinkled with parmesan and herbs mix on top. And a Stella with that. Honestly what I got LOOKED great and was tasty - so it should be considering  the toppings I picked. Why only 3 stars? Because quality-wise the toppings were middle of the road - not the worst but not gourmet either - but most of all because of the crust. I'm not sold on the taste and consistency of this dough formulated to bake in 2 minutes or less - which this was.
5	Top Line: Cool new pizza joint that hit the spotI describe this place as the Subway of Pizza places.  Pretty cool how you can choose whatever toppings/crusts you want.  They make it up fresh, all-in-all, it was really good food!  Plus, the salads come in Pizza Dough bowls - those were cool.Bottom line: if you are the area and want something different, check it out.
2	This pizza was a disappointment. The young people molding the dough did not use gloves and when I mentioned this I was told they didn't need to! GAG! I left my purse at the table and returned to find it there, untouched. Is anyone paying attention in this store? I won't be back.
4	So we have visited Pie 5 twice now, love the concept and the prices can't be beat $7 for a pizza LOADED with good toppings of your choice.  Today I had the "High Five" but added mushrooms and red onions, my wife got the Athenian, we got a side salad, a dessert and 2 drinks for $18.The concept is simple, you can order from their suggested toppings and crust or build your own...not as complicated as some make it to be.   The side salads are good, we had the Italian today and it was really good.  The desserts are ok, we got the turtle brownie  and my wife and I both agreed it had a cinnamon taste which we didn't care for.The menu boast "craft beer"...was VERY disappointed at the beer selection....from memory Bud, Bud Light, Miller Light, Mick Ultra, and Stella (that was the one considered craft).  Spoke with who I assume was the owner, suggested they work on getting some better local beers....in case they read this review NoDa Brewing Co starts canning their beers this month, also Foothills, Highland etc are some other real craft beers you could have on the shelf easily.If your in the area and like pizza I'd check it out.
5	Since being diagnosed as having type 2 diabetes I have had to try, and the keyword here kiddies is "TRY", to watch what I consume. I have to check my sugar numbers each morning. I go here and order their whole wheat thin crust pizza with some of their fresh toppings and guess what? My numbers didn't rise not even a little after eating the whole thing all by myself. I also have to say that it is one of my favorites as well as far as taste. Great concept and follow through for this chain. Very well worth anyones time for a pie 5 pizza experience.
4	Pie5 pizza is good classic pizza. I preferred the thin crust over the thick. It's very tasty and the service was great.
1	This sure ain't pizza! It's a fast food chain's simulation... Don't waste your time or appetite on lukewarm assembly line pie.
5	I bought a livingsocial deal for Pie Five. The Pie Five reminded me subway that you can choose any toppings and any pizza for 7 dollars. The service was fast.  The pizza was really good. At first i thought the pizza was small but after they putted in the oven the pizza was good size. The size of pizza is good for one person. My friend had the high five and it was really good. I had the veggie pizza and I enjoyed. This place is located in the Matthew Festival shopping center and easy to park. The service is quick and they bring out your pizza fast. If you are in a hurry for lunch, please stop by at Pie Five Pizza.
5	The restaurant is unique in that you can build your own pizza with about any topping you want and for one price. The choice of crusts is great for diabetics and gluten free customers.I have eaten here at least 10 times since they opened. I will recommend to anyone.
4	Can't get enough of Pie Five, and I am afraid of the day that it gets "discovered" because I have enjoyed the peaceful, quick, healthy meals I have become accustomed to there! It's a Chipotle-like experience - in that you walk in, hop in line, choose your crust/toppings (or salad, if you like), then pay, grab a seat and wait for yummy to arrive. They have a number of healthy and fresh toppings to choose from. Plus, you select your crust (artisan thin, pan, etc.) and sauce (pesto, olive oil, tomato, etc.). It literally takes 5 minutes. And the pizzas are generously sized - more than enough for a meal. I usually get the salad, too, then take half of my pie home for a snack later. A few extra tips about Pie Five. Free wi-fi, kids' meals, beer and wine available. It's super clean and bright, and the staff is really friendly. Highly recommend!
4	The pizza is always great. Recommend the BBQ chicken pizza with bacon and banana peppers.
5	Awesome place to eat! My wife and I ate there today. Had two pizzas and two drinks for 17 bucks! Can't beat that! Got two desserts afterwards for close to 4 bucks! Was a great place to visit! We will definitely be back! Friendly faces! Great customer service! Clean facilities! What more can you ask for! Awesome hole in the wall to dine at!
5	Love the individual pizza- there are menu choices or you can create you own. Never had one I didn't like- would recommend for a quick lunch or a family dinner.
5	It's fast, it's inexpensive and it tastes awesome. The Farmer's Market pizza is great. I'm in there at least once a week.
3	Have been three times.  Staff are welcoming and prepare the pizza according to my desires.  Very clean and well-organized.The only problem is each time I have visited I have received a pizza that is cold And uncooked in the middle. Tonight's pie did not have cheese melted in the center. I've noticed the last two times that the server reaches into the oven and pulls the pizza out, thus, there may not be enough time for it to finish.  Again, the ingredients and pie are tasty... Just cold in the middle as it may not have enough time to fully cook.Have a wide variety on the menu.
5	Our first visit to a Pie Five. We had 7 people all wanting different toppings. They accommodated every topping want the kids have. The service is just what it promises, 5 minutes and the pizza is hot fresh and delicious. The staff was very friendly. We will definitely be back on our next trip.
5	we ate lunch here, it was great.  Finally, a specialty pizza place that uses real mozzarella!!  I had the chicken pesto pizza, made for me and ready in about 5 minutes!! Impressed!!
3	What a good find! Think subway meets pizza and voila, you have Pie Five! The pizzas are made to order, right in front of you. You choose the crust, the sauce and as many toppings as your heart desires. Then they pop in the oven and about 7 minutes later, fresh yummy pizza! They also have a menu of speciality pizzas so you don't have to do much of the heavy lifting. Best part? All of this ends up to be around $5-$6! My ABSOLUTE favorite combo is the BBQ Chicken pizza with a pan crust and of course, I add pineapples. Talk about a foodgasm! I guess you can have yours without pineapples, but I mean, that would just be silly.
3	I like this place. I like the concept and I like the choices. But, there is way too much garlic used in their sauce. Which is the reason I only give it 3 stars. I don't like pizza places that don't have enough confidence in their product and ingredients that they feel compelled to over garlic their food. Next time I will get pizza without the sauce.
5	New concept, great taste! It's sorta like a better alternative to going to a local pizza joint to pick up slices, except getting a whole personal pizza with all the topping you'd want. The pizza was $6.79, and I will be back soon. With Chipotle in the next plaza over, this is the area to grab a quick, personalized bite to eat. I had the Athenian pizza with traditional pan crust and ranch sauce, and added bacon. So delicious, and it is more than enough for one hungry person. I also got a slice of chocolate chip cookie pie which I will skip next time.
5	Clean, fast, good service. Only five mins can get the pizza u created & taste awesome! Salad do the same. Love it(_)
5	I'm in search of the perfect pineapple pizza. Pie Five's pineapple and ham pizza was absolutely scrumptious. The classic pan crust was so fluffy and the sauce and cheese blended beautifully. The pineapple was pretty fresh and the ham was tasty. The Magic Dust was the perfect touch and it helped make the pizza truly unique. I thoroughly enjoyed eating the pizza. The ambiance was casual even though I grabbed the pizza to go. I used a coupon which made the pizza a few dollars cheaper.
3	Great pizza in a pinch! Its a build your own personal pie place, which is REALLY kid friendly. A lil pricey, but the hubby and I used Groupon which made it a nice last min dinner option. they put salads in a bread bowl, salad was good...bread bowl not so much. All in all, a great alternative to other fast pizza chains.
5	Love it! So hard to find great gluten-free pizza! It's was delicious, the seating area was clean and the staff was very friendly. I'll definitely be coming back!
5	Love this place.  It's like a subway, but with pizza instead of subs. Our family loves it so much, we have been here 4 times in 2 months!!!
