5	This is the best Mexican market I've been to in Arizona. It's enormous...like a Costco decorated with colorful hand-painted wooden signs everywhere you turn. Unfortunately, like Costco, it can also be packed. Granted, this location is new and attracting a crowd with some of its specials, but I have a feeling that the number of customers won't wane too much any time soon. Not only are the prices super-competetive for any and every Mexican food product you could desire, there's a fabulous fresh foods section. This includes a juice stand, a yogurt stand, a salsa bar, a carnitas/pollo rostizado/costillas section, a guisados and platos combinatos line, tacos and of course freshly made warm tortillas. Plus outdoor grilling. Pretty much like Mexico, except cleaner and they accept credit cards for anything. :) It's heavenly.
5	Ya this place is great, Me and my wife have 4 kids and if were looking to get lunch this is the spot, tacos, whole chicken much more, juice bar and with $20 to $25 all six of us walk out of there full. And the grocciers are great, prices are even better, we stopped shopping at walmart or costco for meat, this place has large packages of fresh meat, chicken, pork very cheap. And the place is always full but were never in line to pay for more then 5 minutes, so many lines open and the cashiers are smart and know what there doing. And for a birthday party you can walk in grab a cake, carne asada, fresh tortillas, drinks and a pinata and your done.
5	I love this place.  You can find just about anything you need.  They have a great produce dept, meat and seafood of all types, homemade tortillas, every kind of chile you can imagine, and more. They let you taste things such as their homemade salsas, creme, etc. I haven't tried the food court located inside but it looks awesome. The place is extremely clean, can get crowded, and it's not difficult to get assistance from their staff.  I am very happy they are now open in Mesa.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this market. I was expecting something along the lines of a Food City. I walked in and was blown away! The prepared foods area is amazing. They have many varieties of freshly made Aguas Frescas, shrimp and fish ceviche, salsa, fresh tortillas, and so much more! I took home some of the shrimp cocktail they were sampling for $1.00 per container!The bakery is awe inspiring. They have tons of baked goods at exceptional prices. The produce was beautiful and inexpensive. The meat and seafood sections were very clean and had a great variety. This is my Mexican version of Lee Lee. (Ranch Market smells much better). Go here...Eat Shop Enjoy!
4	I typically head to Pro's Ranch Market (PRM) a few times a month. The place is huge. There are several speciality departments (bakery, tortillas, fish, meat etc). PRM has great prices throughout the store. I typically go there for the produce. I have noticed that you need to eat/use your produce within a few days or the items may go bad. Produce doesn't have quite the shelf life that you may get at Frys, Safeway etc because the fruits especially need a little more time to ripen up.Each time I go to pick up food items, I have to make sure to hit the taqueria. I'ver never been disappointed with a meal there.  The al pastor is excellent. Getting a fruit drink or a bottled coke is a must. There are several options to go with for the fruit flavored drink.When Ranch Market first opened up at this location, they provided free chips and guac at the salsa bar. Sadly, this is no longer happening. The salsa bar is still there, minus the chips and guac. I enjoyed topping of my tacos with the guac and having a few chips to go with my meal.The homemade tortillas are awesome!The staff is very friendly and helpful.Always have several checkout lanes open. You shouldn't have to wait in line for more than a few minutes or behind 2-3 other customers.The market, taqeria and parking lot can get very crowded.
5	For those of you who have never been in a Pro's Ranch Market, you don't know what you're missing! It's about as close to Mexico as you can get this side of the border. Go for the gargantuan meat selection, the amazing produce section, the huge food court, the salsa bar, the bakery, and the fun atmosphere. All of the Pro's Ranch Markets are great, but this one in Mesa is a little easier to navigate than those in the west Valley if you are Spanish-challenged like I am. Warning: like all of the Pro's locations, this place can get super-busy.
5	I was AMAZED by Ranch Market.  The produce selection was picture worthy and the prices were really, really cheap!  The every day price for mangos- 2/$1, persimmons - 5/$1...etc...The meat department has every possible cut of meat and the prices were "sale" priced.  The marinated beef chuck was CRAZY good.  While you're there & before you shop, you need to stop by the agua fresca bar (about 8 diff flavors) and the restaurant indoors has some of the best carnitas I have had in a long time.  My 16yo son actually filmed the place to send out to some of his friends.
4	I just want their street tacos!They have a great produce section with sometimes difficult to find chiles (some freshly roasted), a well-stocked seafood section, and a huge meat section. All with cheap prices!They also have a bakery that makes these wonderful breads and still-warm when you eat them tortillas.And did I mention the tacos? They have an indoor cafeteria-style restaurant that serves some of the best tacos I've ever had. Remember: all you need is cilantro, onion, and fresh lime juice. Amazing!
4	Love love love shopping here!  This is a newer location, and I finally came in here today.  Food prices are low, produce is wonderful and they have a great food bar to eat from!  Place is clean and parking is ample.  Will be back in the future!
5	I'm so glad to live in an area with stores like this, and even more thrilled to have Pro's Ranch Market in Mesa! Their bakery is out of this world, their food is very good (tacos tacos tacos!!!!!), they have EVERYTHING UNDER THE SUN, and MORE, and their prices on meat and produce are also rather spectacular. The quality is also tough to beat! Freshly roasted hatch chiles always seem to be available! Did I mention the amazing Aguas Frescas stand, with some of the creamiest, tastiest Horchata in the 480? :D
5	Went here to get carne & pollo asado, and I was so pleased!  Everyone is super friendly, most people speak English (and if not, they will go get someone that does), and the prices are terrific.Will be BBQing the food up tomorrow so we'll see how it is, but I have a feeling it's going to be awesome, and I WILL be back here.
5	Update - after bbq-ing the chicken and carne - I love this place even more.  It was awesome.  All of our guests loved it too.  A++.  Will definitely be back for their asada.
5	OK, so there seems to be a party going on here everyday!. my local grocery store has never made me want to dance like this place does..haha...so when you want a quick pick me up, head over there:) Music is upbeat, place is colorful, food is delicious and fresh made drinks pretty darn tasty too! Nothing beats the cheap prices for the quanity and quality of food. The Tacos are gooooood.......As for the store part if it, they have a huge selection of things, haven't shopped there much, but the food never fails...
3	This place was ok.  Liked the green chilis that they roast for you, and the little snack bar looks good, haven't eaten there  yet.  Aisles are a little too narrow for me, and too many people....I prefer Frys.
5	I love going to ethnic markets. Although this is a chain, it doesn't feel like the other standard chains. What I like about this hispanic market is the prices, the variety and the quality of the produce which in a lot of cases are cheaper than other stores. I'm talking about their regular prices people and not their weekly specials which would then take it down even more. If you need special ingredients that you can't find in the other big box stores, more than likely you'll find it here at a price cheaper than a specialty store.  The agua frescas always call to me when I enter the store. Either pina (pineapple) or horchata (rice and cinnamon - kind of like the asian milk teas) are my go-to faves. While I am waiting, I like looking at the ready made foods that can be boxed up to go - the different salsas and the ceviche. The food court is outstanding and sometimes on weekends they have mariachis playing. The employees are very helpful if you don't know what the different dishes are. You can usually find someone who can speak English if you don't speak Spanish. I've even found the patrons who sit at the benches at the food court to be very friendly. When I see a dish they have selected and it looks tempting, I always ask what they ordered.Check out the tortillas as they are making their way down the production line and being packaged. They smell so fresh. Don't be afraid to ask to sample one. Like cheese? You 'll  find a good selection of Mexican cheeses at their queso counter. Again, just ask for a sample if you need to try one out. They're more than helpful and can assist with a recommendation. The bakery is very popular. Not only do they custom bake cakes for special occasions, but they also have different Mexican pastries and breads. You can use the tongs and grab the ones that appeal to you out of the cases that are constantly being refilled throughout the day. I was told that anything not sold at the end of the day is discarded. Make a morning of it. Walk through the aisles and see what kind of canned goods are unique. Browse through the meat section and ask the butcher what the different cuts are and how best to prepare them. Be adventurous and broaden your horizon. Take the kids and introduce them to a different culture. Beware though, once they see the candy section, you may not be able to leave the store!I have been to their mercado on Central & Southern in Phoenix and to the location on 16th St & Roosevelt and the experience is similar. Warning that at the Mesa location, parking is a bear. The spaces are narrow and the lot is always full.
5	My wife and I are regulars here.  Good because of the cost and availability of the produce.  Freshness also good.
4	Pro's Ranch Market is the Latin-American equivalent of Lee Lee or Mekong Supermarket here.  Awesome fresh produce, lots of freshly prepared foods, a good bakery section, and cheap fresh meats.  The aisles are easy to navigate through, and they do have more standard type stuff you'd find at other grocery stores such as Coke and Pepsi (although they do have the Latin branded soda too, such as Sidral).  Their prepared foods section is amazing.  Various cheeses, meats, salsas, and hot foods such as tamales, tacos, and elote await your taste buds.  They have great deals on family meals as well.  For instance, we decided to get family meal "A" which included 1 lb of meat (carnitas, chicken, or.... can't remember the other meat, probably beef), beans, rice, 18 corn tortillas, and salsa for $10.99.  It was definitely enough food to feed 4 people, and everything tasted excellent.  For those with a sweet tooth, they even have a candy section where you can order your sugary treat of choice at the counter.  I'd like to go here again when I'm thirsty and try one of their Aguas Frescas!  Also, when I went here I was excited to get a bag of freshly roasted jalapenos, but they were all out that day : (.  Maybe next time!
5	I LOVE this place!  A group of us meet here occasionally for lunch.  Yeah - it's a grocery store, but they also have a nice little restaurant that serves up a delicious lunch.  Lots to choose from - like taco salad to fajitas (and everything in between).  Want to sample something? No problem. Just ask.  Drinks are in a bottle and the salsa bar is across the seating area.   Order a combo and you'll be pleasantly content when it's gone.  The grocery store also offers very fresh food and good prices.  Home made tortillas are a very nice addition - not just corn and flour, but also flavored (hot & spicy too).  The variety of salsas is also a pleasant surprise. Don't be afraid to give it a try.  It's very clean and well taken care of.  We have always found both the patrons and the people who work here to be very kind and helpful.  We'll definitely be back.
4	This place is great.  One thing I really love are fresh tortillas.  We had a BBQ this weekend and bought all of our meat there and I was the crowd favorite with warm soft fresh tortillas.  Ranch Market makes them there and watching the staff load the dough into the machine then smelling the freshly cooked tortillas come out of the other side reminds me of my grandmothers house.  What a treat!  They also have a good selection of Mexican cheeses if you're into them.
1	We are usually HUGE fans of ethnic marketplaces and food courts wherever we travel, but a word of caution here is needed.  My partner became violently ill after the combo plate here yesterday.  He had the birria and the red chili with beef and potatoes.  I had the  carnitas plate and was fine.  If the food looks like its been on the line too long, it probably has been.
4	This place absolutely rocks for fresh produce at very affordable prices! I stopped by with my produce list for the week on the recommendation of my friend who is vegetarian and told me she is able to get away with a killing on veggies here. Seriously...4 avocados for $1?! 5 bunches of green onions or cilantro for $1? Bell Peppers for .79 cents per pound?! Prices at Fry's (where I usually shop) are about FOUR TIMES as much and honestly the quality seems exactly the same ($1.39 PER Avocado, .69cents for a single bunch of green onions, 1.59 PER bell pepper). Especially since I have been trying to incorporate more fresh fruits and vegetables into my diet lately, I may never shop at the "regular" supermarket for veggies again! I did not get a chance to check out the meat department because I was kind of in a rush, but I'm very curious and will definitely scope it out next time I go when I'm not in a time crunch.The staff I came in contact with were extremely friendly and helpful. I asked a man working in the produce department if he could show me where the mushrooms were at and he personally walked me over to show me (instead of just pointing "over there"). I was waiting in a regular checkout line and the cashier in the express line told me he'd be happy to help me since nobody else was waiting. My only disappointment was that I noticed many of the packaged and processed foods, even staples, seemed to be a little more expensive than the price I pay at Fry's. For example, I bought a few cans of beans and diced tomatoes (nothing crazy) and they were about 50% more expensive than what I usually like to pay for those. Not a huge deal at all since the produce more than made up for it to me!Bottom line: The place is clean, well organized, and has a helpful staff who actually care about their patrons. I will certainly continue to shop here for produce and maybe some specialty hispanic foods (like fresh tortillas, queso fresco, and horchata!) but will probably continue to shop at my regular store as well for pantry staples. If you've never been and want to mix up your grocery routine a bit, it's definitely worth a trip!
5	3 Carne al pastor tacos. beans and rice, a bottle of coke and a big freaking smile on my face for around 6 bucks. Hell ya.
4	Had family in from SoCal this past weekend, and my mother & sister in law wanted to make my daughter some homemade chicken soup, and needed to go to the store, now I have a Frys Market within 1/4mile from my house, but both mother & sister in law said we want an mexican grocery store, both my mother & sister in law are hispanic and wanted to see what we had to offer out here, so I thought, um lets goto Pro Ranch Market, so off we went.  (Oh and for those who follow my reviews, yes they are my in laws from marriage, but I'm no longer married, but very close with my in laws, so it's ok for me to date LOL)When we got there the 2 ladies were muttering about having to drive 7 miles to the store because back where they are the market is on the corner, but if I remember correctly it's about the same distance LOL but we headed off to go inside the store.We 1st stopped at the butcher section, they were impressed with the selection & that the entire store was very clean, my mother in law keep saying Wow this place is spotless! We spent about an hour in the store because they were inspecting everything from produce to dairy, if it was in the store they saw it.One of the things that I just love is the fresh tortillas, I LOVE FRESH TORTILLAS!!! OMG!!  We got about 2 dozen of them, took them over to my daughter's house where the soup was being made and I LEFT THEM THERE!!!! Man I wanted to kick me in the butt for that, cuz I know they are gone by now!!We also stopped by the little restaurant and ordered some carnitas, beans, rice and corn tortillas grabbed some salsa and made us some carnita tacos at home!  Delish!!Have to say it was a great shopping trip for my mother & sister in law & me. Mother In Law even said it was worth the drive, she cracks me up!
1	I have never been to a Ranch Market before, so one night we stopped as we were very hungry. Myself, husband, and son waited in line for about 15 minutes. Every person who had been in line at the restaurant counter had their food, paid, and sat down to eat. The three of us stood there and waited for one of 6 employees behind the counter to acknowledge our presence. Not a one of them wanted to make eye contact, finally one of them came to the counter for assistance. Because my four year old is picky, I asked if I could get a chicken and rice meal. The employee looked at me, acted confused and said 'I don't think we have anymore chicken... You can go check at the other counter and see.' Really? I waited in line with my family for you (a customer service employee) to tell me that I needed (me, the customer) to check and see if you have chicken. Give me a break. I looked at her and said 'thanks for your help, appreciate it.' I know when I am not wanted, and when my money is not wanted. I will not be returning here, ever. I gave a rating of two stars because wanted to like this place, but unfortunately I was treated poorly.
5	i was having a Fiesta theme get together at my house so i decided to stay away from Frys or Safeway and hit up pro Ranch- such a good decision! it was my first time here and this place is awesome. Huge store with just about everything you can imagine. A lot of specialty things you cannot get at Safeway and places like it but there are also a lot of items you can purchase here that you can get anywhere else as well. Great meat dept. I got 6lbs of carne asada- it was delicious. This place is awesome. I got a lot of food for just over $100.00. You can have fun just walking around and checking out everything. You are bound to find something you probably have not tried before and feel intrigued to buy it and give it try. :)
5	If you want Mexican food, decent produce, amazing fresh salsa, mexican sweet bread and great prices for groceries all in one place?? This is where to go. I swear you need to get some green chile salsa (verde) or the MOLECAJETE red salsa....best thing ever!!!! They have agua fresa and they juice for you if you are juicing....they have Milanesa tortas, caldo, sopes, tacos, flautas (rolled tacos), burritos, rice, beans....and a place to sit it all! Being from Texas originally....this is just like being in El Paso! OH and did I mention they have menudo??? (the normal kind with oregano and chile and lime you can add)...really decent prices too! I got a sope and it was awesome...crema, lechuga tomate -- mine was just bean and it was all I needed. My friend got carnitas tacos and they looked straight out a taco truck on a late Saturday night...onions, cilantro and lime to accompany what seemed to be amazing tacos...they have a salsa bar too (dont forget to buy some Molecajete salsa...really you will not be dissapointed!!)A really great place to go!!
4	I love coming to Pro's, both to shop and to just grab a quick bite. my kids like to watch the tortilla machine and refer to this place as, "the store with the things on the fans".Produce is relatively cheap although I have seen a lot of rotten items because it's being stocked quickly and not very carefully. The bakery is awesome but the self serve case can be hit and miss. Yesterday it was full of goodies but I have been there around the same time in the past and it was shopped down. I just noticed yesterday that the juice bar also has bulk salsa on one side, and it's a good price. I am kicking myself for not buying some salsa verde. Next time, I guess.It gets pretty busy and lines are usually long, but don't let it intimidate you. The lines get through pretty quickly and everyone is super nice. I've never been to a Food City and after coming here, I have no need to go. This place is great.
4	Fresh tortillas, cheap prices, awesome food at the food bars! I will be back!
5	Great Mexican food! The store has very, very cheap produce (even better on weekly 2 day sale). Best supermarket in the valley!
1	My husband and I are giving this market no stars for racism received at the bakery. We waited and waited for the girl to help us and she clearly saw my husband waiting yet didn't even acknowledge his presence. Not even a "go F yourself".So he got her attention and was asking about the tres leches cakes. She replied "huh" "huh" "huh" every time he opened his mouth. He spoke better English than her. If you don't have brown skin expect to be treated like a 2nd class citizen. Actually my husband has brown skin but he is from the ME... funny that she treated him like that, you would think she would be more understanding.If you read other YELPers you will see we weren't the only ones treated like crap.By the way, the tres leches cake sucked.
4	They have the best Yellow Corn Tortillas. Red Eagle is actually the best brand but not all stores carry them. So go to the next best. Only thing that sucks is they sell out fast. I am not fond of the White Corn tortillas, they need to make more yellow or keep them coming when they are selling out.  I also get the mexican cheese there and its so good and fresh. This store is so much better then Food City. Love the different areas of mexican foods you can purchase.
4	If you like cooking Mexican food, this is a great place to stock up on ingredients. You wouldn't know it from the name of the store, but it definitely caters to the hispanic food-eating crowd. Fruits and veggies here are cheap, and will decay on your countertop faster than fruits & veggies from a more commercialized store. I take this as a good sign, because it shows me they don't go heavy on the preservatives. They have a great selection of meats & mexican cheeses, their milk is delicious, not overcreamy like some commercial brands, they make all of their tortillas and pico fresh, and they have a restaurant right in the store that serves freshly cooked Mexican food. I've yet to eat there, but there always seems to be people there ordering food. They also have this fruit bar that is unique to Mexican culture. This store is worth checking out, and provides a nice alternative to Walmart and commercialized grocery stores. Worth checking out at least once.
5	Being a white guy, I freeking love coming to this little Mexican market. I bring my kids for carne asada here once a week.....its incredible!!  The produce here is super cheap as well. I've been here a dozen times and I always want to over eat.....the all meat burritos are the best and cheap!!  Totally fun to walk around the market and look at things that Fry's or Albertson's doesn't have. Who doesn't want to see a cow head in the meat section??   See you soon!!!
4	Ranch is a fun place to go. Cheap for produce but use it that day or the next. Great butcher area with a lot of different choices. The in between isles....ehhhh. Bottled Coke too :-)
5	If you're looking for authenic mexican/hispanic foods then this is the grocery store for you. The fresh produce section is stacked with some stuff you can't find in a lot of places. A product I was looking for wasn't in stock and a really kind supervisor helped me and my girl find it elsewhere but none of their stores had it. So she wrote my girl's name and number down and said she would get back to us as soon as they get another delivery of the product. It's christmas week and she said the product was selling like hotcakes. It's the frozen dough for empanadas. I really like how she treated us. Her name was Martha. She is the assistant store manager. She was really nice! Because of her I will definently be coming back to this grocery store. We will be coming back on Wednesday for our empanada dough. Thanks Martha!
5	I highly recommend going to this ranch market. The workers are very friendly and helpful. I came here to buy empanada plates to cook pastelitos for christmas.  We got the last 1 so we asked the assistant store manager named Martha if she can check to see if they have more in stock. She went out of her way calling other ranch markets and checking the freezer I was verry impressed by how much she was helping.   Sadly nobody had any more in stock but she let us know the next delivery will be on Wednesday 12/24/14. She even wrote down our phone number and took a picture of the product said she would call us to let us know when it arrives so we dont have to wait all day for the empanadas to arrive.  I applaud her work ethic for going out of her way to help us I wasn't expecting that. I think ranch market should recognize what a great worker martha is and increase her pay.
