5	How could I not give this place its first review?  They certainly deserve it.  Visiting home, my fiance and I found out about this place from a guy who worked at Slacker on the South Side (House of the Dead is in Lawrenceville).  Since my fiance is versed in everything zombie, this was our second stop after Monroeville Zombies on our unofficial zombie tour of Pittsburgh.The shop is full of as many zombie collectible items as you could think of -- it's basically a zombie-themed gift shop!  Movies, books, decals and stickers, pins, hats, games, this store has got it all.  I bet if you wanted to get ahold of a zombie movie they didn't have, they'd order it for you.We also got along really well with Chuck, one of the owners.  He was very friendly, helpful and knowledgable, not to mention cool.  I like that it's not just a store all by itself--  I believe he told us that he gets the store involved in local events as well.House of the Dead is great for Pittsburgh's Zombie presence (see my review of Monroeville Zombies), and excellent for gifts as well (I heard they get pretty busy around Halloween and the holidays).Quick funny note-- It's next to a charming country goods store called "Dandelions".  Irony, I love you.P.S. Here's the website:  http://www.houseofthedeadpgh.com/
5	This place is amazing !! Zombie heaven for zombie lovers!!! Shirts, comics from the walking dead and other little gadgets!! What's really cool is Sundays they throw a walking dead viewing party!!! My trip to Pittsburgh would not have been complete if I didn't pass by here!!
5	One of the many quirky shops in Lawrenceville, only this one had my zombie loving husband ready to jump from the car when we drove by. This shop is filled with zombie shirts (for guys and girls), movies and collectibles from absolutely every popular movie you can or wouldn't think of. The owner is a super nice guy that eagerly engaged my husband into conversation about the zombie movies filmed around Pittsburgh and the up and coming neighborhood of Lawrenceville. We ended up getting a shirt and a funny magnet (we collect them from all our travels) of a small zombie head wearing a Steelers hat. Great shop! We will definitely be back on our next trip home.
5	Awesome stock! Friendly and knowledgable staff! One stop shopping for all of your zombie needs!
3	House of the Dead is a fun little place to visit when shopping in Lawrenceville. I can't really think of another place that caters to zombie fanatics 100%. And since everyone seems to love zombies these days, this kind of joint near Pittsburgh is as much of a shoo-in as another tattoo parlor or bar.I've been here two or three times. The store itself is rather small, but it's always well-stocked. Plenty of t-shirts, movies, graphic novels, novelties and the like. The owner is really nice and seems well versed in his store's subject matter when I've heard him talking to other customers. I'm not a superfreak about zombies, though I do like them, so you could rattle off all sorts of tidbits about them and it would probably be 95% new info to me.My main complaint with this store is that all the stuff is way overpriced. I get that it's a boutique and that it's filling a niche, but ten bucks for a bag of plastic zombies that are of the same quality as a bag of plastic soldiers that you can get for a fraction of the cost seems like overkill. Just because they're zombies doesn't mean there necessarily needs to be a premium added to the price.Likewise, the shirts run rather high. The one I liked was 27 bucks. I bought it because I had some extra dough on me, but otherwise I would have given it a pass. It shrank up rather quickly, too, even though I followed the washing directions. So it goes.The other little toys, books, and especially the movies, are all stuff you can find online for cheaper as well. Probably the posters, too, but posters often run high. I know it's sad to say that so many more bargains can be found through online shopping these days when owners of stores like this mean well and are trying to bring something cool and unique to the community, but when you have other expenses, 27 dollar shirts suddenly seem less attractive and a hunt for similar items online begins.Still, it's a very cool store, though I also think it could be a bit bigger, though I don't know what else they would possibly stuff in a larger area. Definitely worth a quick look or a window shopping experience if you're in the area and enjoy zombies.
4	This shop celebrates all things zombie. From The Night of the Living Dead, filmed in Pittsburgh, to The Walking Dead. Zombie teddy bears, zombie t-shirts, zombie games, zombie jewelry. As a bonus, it's in a hip little neighborhood in which you're likely to find something else you like. There is an independent movie theater across the street - Row House - and many other treats up and down Butler Street. Enjoy - stay scared!
