1	Let me preface this by saying that I'm writing this review while I wait 30 minutes to get some sort of service. My friend and I walked in and waited 10 minutes for someone to greet us only to realize that we needed to sign in first. We finally asked one of the associates for help, and she proceeded to tell us that there was at least a half hour wait. Having a person have to sign you in is pointless. There were several people (besides us) that walked right past the "hostess" and she didn't say one word to them. They should have an automated system with a big sign that says "PLEASE SIGN IN." It saves everyone a whole hell of a lot of time. Unbelievably ridiculous. We finally got service from one of the associates who was very friendly and courteous, but she didn't do what needed to be done. My friend went in there to activate her new iPhone and transfer all of her contacts but we walked out with basically a blank iPhone. We were so annoyed with the (lack of) service that we didn't even bother going back in. So my friend ended up having to enter all her contacts manually. Needless to say, I will not be coming back here.
1	If ever there was a product of sales training aimed entirely toward the benefit of a company and not at all toward helping out the customer, the staff of this AT&T location are a golden example.This isn't going to be a particularly long review -- neither of my visits here have extended much beyond the initial gauntlet of "can I help you with anything?" followed by a bewildering avalanche of cluelessness, rigidity, and frustration.On my second and, I swear on my life, final visit here, I came seeking what I had read about online - the ability to purchase a prepaid AT&T sim card for use with my unlocked Iphone 4S before I left for several months in Australia. Three different employees were utterly unable to think outside of the AT&T contract box - they even thought that any prepaid sim would automatically lock your phone to the carrier. Really? Why would you go to the expense of buying an unlocked phone just for the privilege of having it locked the second you try to use it with anything? I'm not sure the people working here are actually stupid, they just don't have any real knowledge of cellular telephony outside the narrow scope of AT&T's domestic contracts. As such, they really aren't any better equipped to help out the customer than the average Joe on the streets who has no functional knowledge of phones. Unless you walk into the store and the first words out of your mouth are "Hi, I want to sign up for an AT&T contract", you're, frankly, better off searching the web or, better yet, driving around the corner to the T-Mobile store at Arroyo Crossing where the staff, apparently, are trained beyond the level or scripted sales-bots.
2	The store itself is physically appealing and the customer service personnel were dressed professionally.  I went into the store for an upgrade.  I was torn between three phones and leaned towards the cheaper phone (99.99) however, the Customer Service Rep (CSR) started giving me information on the newer edition of the cheaper phone and then I was torn between the Samsung Galaxy III(SIII) and the I Phone 4.  The CSR was giving me all the Pros and Cons of the two phones.  I still couldn't decide so I told the CSR that I was going to step outside and talk to friend and I'd be back.  I stepped outside did my thing and decided on the SIII, ready to buy and leave.  I walk back in the store tell the CSR I would like to purchase the SIII.  He then takes me to the I phone 4 and tells me more information on the I phone4 and why this is a better phone etc. etc. at this point I'm still leaning towards the SIII after a few more minutes of this I'm confused on my decision and leave without purchasing anything.  So pretty much I walked into the store ready to drop about 250.00 and walk out with nothing.  Never been talked out of purchasing something before.  However, the next day I purchased the SIII at a different AT & T location where the service was friendlier, helpful and overall an A+++.
4	I went into this store to order the new iPhone 5.  It didn't take long to get served and they were more than happy to take care of my purchase even though the primary account holder was not with me.  The iPhone was scheduled for two day delivery, but with the Veteran's Day holiday, it took over a week to get it in their store.  There was a bit of a wait to pick up the phone as all their retail sales professionals (RSP) were tied up helping other customers.  When we finally got help, my RSP was very knowledgeable and friendly.  It didn't take him long to switch my phone numbers around to the new phone.  The manager actually came over to shake my hands and to make sure I was satisfied with their service.  Now that's what I call good customer service.  No complaints here and happily left with the new iPhone 5.
4	There was a ridiculous 15 minute wait time for a customer service rep, yet there were several reps just standing around. Would have given this place much lower rating had it not been for Jazz. She was extremely helpful and friendly.
4	This is the first time I received excellent customer service. Stephanie was very helpful. Right when I walked into the door she helped me with all of my questions. This location also has a huge assortment of phones. So if you are in the market to upgrade and want to check out whats out there, just like the Price is Right... COME ON DOWNNNN
4	I have been too this particular store before never had problems or had too wait very long for service. The only times come here has been too upgrade my Iphone. It was about time again checked too see if qualified for the upgrade. I did! Yay! The service was awesome. I was greeted as soon walked in although went at odd time so only one other customer in the store. He never was pushy the whole time came too purchasing my new I5. I hate it when stores tell you need this attachment, or upgrade your plan or basically telling you need things that really don't. It came too few questions had with my new purchase answered all my questions throughly and professional. It made the whole experience much more enjoyable. I learned that they started buy back program with old Iphones. Lot like Best Buy you can get credit purchase phone covers or whatever like in the store. I spent little more then wanted since got the 32 but going through my 16 constantly on verge of overload. 32 is gift from heaven. The store itself the layout is same like any other AT&T store. It very clean and like way they display all the products they have too sell. Lots of room too browse and check out the products. Course like any car dealerships there are more then enough sales peeps around too hound you. It good experience would go back again.
4	Came here because someone had stolen my iphone4S the weekend before at Sedona Lounge GRRRRRRRR. I was ready to just use my upgrade and get an iPhone5 but I found out that I am not eligible for a full upgrade until July 11.. I'm only eligible for a partial one until then. BOOOO. I love the iphone but I am NOT paying $600 for it haha So my boyfriend was going to just let me use his upgrade but I felt bad so he ended up just giving me his iphone and using his upgrade to get himself a new phone.We were helped by JUNG who was awesome. Very chill dude who was very knowledgeable about all the plans and phones and answered all of our questions patiently. He gave us all our options and showed me how to delete all my info via icloud so that the thief wouldn't be able to get my info... Is it weird that the first thing I did when I found out my iphone was stolen was change my Yelp password??!?!? hahah My priorities are definitely in order ;pppHOT TIP: They have a kiosk in here where you can pay for your cell phone bill~!!!
1	Don't ask for a guy named Jung. Jung was pushing me to use At&t Next program instead of an upgrade even said I was ineligible for an upgrade. I told him I checked my account online and it said I was eligible for an upgrade but he kept pushing, until I was about to walk out he stopped me and said he'll "bypass" the Next program. Finally I was able to get my phone and he set it up. Then asked if I wanted a receipt emailed or printed. I asked for a printed one and he walked away and came back with a bag with my phone box in it and said I'm all set. At this point I just wanted my phone and leave. He left the user guide on the counter I had to grab it on my way out. Driving away I noticed he didn't give me a receipt but at that point I was already frustrated and didn't want to go back.
4	My mom got what she came for, just a pay as you go plan for my uncle and it was quick & easy. The only complaint I have is the person who helped us, Chase, was rather rude, unsmiling, and he gave a little bit of an attitude to my mom, who kept asking questions because she was trying to clarify. Very irritating.
1	Reading these posts does not exemplified what my experience have been at this store on several occasion. What irritate me the most or the final straw was last night.  I walked into the store with my 2 year old daughter (her bday 12/18/2013) yesterday at 4:25pm.  None of the sale representatives 2 on the floor and 3 - 4 in the backroom having lunch acknowledge any of the customers in line (4 customers).  I am not sure what customer relationship policies they have or how the store manager and district manager implement customer service or initiation programs; but none of those were experience yesterday.  I left the store at 5:13 pm without a word of greetings, assurance, courtesy, etc being exchange with NONE of the sales rep.  The generic statement of "hello, someone will be right you guys" would have been enough.  If the store is not customer relations conscious; it will continue to under perform.  This will lead to many unsatisfied and disgruntled customers and store closure.  My recommendation is to coordinate more customer relationship trainings and just do your job.
1	No interest in helping current customers.   It's all about the sale or upgrade.   Well guess what, I pay 200 a month for my two phones and tablets.   You will lose that business in two months when contact is up.  Oh and I am adding two more business lines, opps.
1	Horrible service, I went in there to buy a phone and they wouldn't let me because they thought I was a fraud. It took me 2 days just to get a phone.
1	Manager Chrystal is extremely rude and was supposed to fix an issue for me that was caused by lorenzo (the pony tailed scam artist of at&t) which I was informed by customer care was never fixed, and she treated me like a liar without even bothering to pull up my account info. Also she was talking over me when I was trying to explain my problem and when I had to raise my voice said stop yelling or i'm going to hang up on you! I am absolutely appalled by how Ive been treated by the employees at this location they give an awesome company like at&t a bad name. when you go through the best phone carrier you'd expect to get the best treatment especially when you've paid them a $700 deposit the least they could do is not rip you off for insurance you never wanted and give the discount you were promised when you were promised it. Lorenzo is a sexist scam artist please don't let him assist you if you are a female i told him i don't want insurance and he said "yea I think you need it" and put it on my account anyways now 2 months later i'm still being charged for it! Also he grilled me about my last name and embarrassed me while he was setting up my account which took 3 hours.
1	Called this store to get something fixed and another store gives me a way better solution then the manager crystal. DO NO GO THERE.
5	I was surprised to see the number of bad reviews, most of my friends have  been here and had nothing bad to say, and my experience was the same. Everyone was nice, and pointed out where things were when I asked for help. I never felt ignored or smothered. I've had bad experiences with other carriers so I asked for a manager to assist me. I made sure to be upfront with what I wanted (and could afford- grad student and all) and what I absolutely didn't want, so as to not waste my time. She and another girl showed me some phones that had what I wanted. They were so helpful, and kept me within budget. Crystal walked me through every part of the contract, never rushed through anything, to make sure I knew what I was signing- so appreciated that! Does take a few extra minutes, but worth it. After reading the reviews, I would suggest to read and go over the contracts, don't just sign! That was the mistake I made in the past, and the manager was kind enough to take to time to make sure it didn't happen again. I left happy with a phone and plan that I could afford.
1	This branch is RIDICULOUS. They make paying customers form a line outside in 100 degree weather while the store inside is practically empty. I am seriously considering leaving AT&T after being with them for over 7 years. On my way to Bestbuy right now to see who has the best package for me. I was going to add my husband + upgrade is to the iPhone 6. I'm taking my business elsewhere!!!
1	Worst att store ever.. They never answer their phones and they make 10 people wait outside for iPhones and locking the door.
1	I came in here wanting to either buy or order an iPhone but the customer service or lack their of was very apparent.  One helpful kind lady was trying to help me before she was rudely interrupted by other employees.  She asked me what i was looking for and i said a new iPhone and they were mockingly saying we have the iPhone 3,4,5,5S and laughing at my face.
1	This place is horrible we had to sign in and wait over 20 minutes while Danielle stood there in the front doing nothing...  she wasn't helpful at all.
5	I visited the store for the first time to transfer from Verizon to AT&T. I'm not super tech savvy, so I had a lot of Old Lady-esque questions about simple things, like GB and screen protectors and iCloud. Still, Natalie took her time to answer all of them. She even sat with me while I set up my phone to make sure I didn't run into any trouble. Natalie was super patient and friendly and had me laughing the whole time. I ended up getting a new(er) iPhone and an iPad mini and I could not be happier with my purchases. One thing I really liked about the store was that all of the reps seemed to work together. They asked one another questions to help get the best deal and the best products for the customer. I really got the sense that they work as a team. I like that! If Natalie isn't available, I'd feel just as comfortable seeing Lorenzo (who was smiling and friendly) or Marie (who was polite and shook my hand even though she wasn't my rep)! They all work well together and are so nice. Other reviewers seem to get mad about wait times, but setting an appointment will help avoid delays. Even if you don't set an appointment, I like how AT&T has a screen with peoples' names on it, so you know when you're next in line to be seen! Also, even though people might have to wait awhile, once you're WITH a team member, they will take their time with you. Natalie, Lorenzo, Marie, and a few other staff members whose names I didn't catch all stayed after closing time (8:00 pm) to patiently complete business with customers. Impressive! I'd definitely visit this store again.
1	This branch is awful! The wait is unbelievable, all while employees are walking around doing nothing!  They need to get it together! Customer service is important!
2	I've been with AT&T for over 8 years & I must say that this particular store is severely lacking. They rarely answer the phone & the wait is always outrageous. The only polite employee there is the young lady who greets & checks customers in, I can't remember her name. She was so friendly. Other than her, I wouldn't recommend going to this store. There are many other AT&T stores that have much better customer service.
5	Natalie is very knowledgeable. She directs you to the right direction and saves you money. I am very happy with the service. Thank you!
4	It's hard to rate a store like this, since a customer's experience relies entirely on the person that is assigned to work with them.  Luckily for me, I was assisted by Richard, whom I can say it truly was a pleasure to work with.  He was very friendly and personable, and never presented himself as a salesman.  Richard was there to provide customer service.  He was there to give me what I wanted and/or needed as an AT&T customer, which can be a rare experience.I came in with several questions regarding upgrade eligibility, ability to keep my current plans and pricing, and to ask for clarification on some questionable answers I've been given by employees at Best Buy.  Richard was straightforward and able to answer my questions concisely.  He was honest in working with me and made sure to offer me all the options available to me for my current plans, but he didn't push them on me; he simply informed me that they existed, and then we moved on.In the end I suppose this isn't really a 4-star review for AT&T, it's more of a 4-star review for Richard.  If you end up at this store, he'll be your best bet to get you exactly what you need.
