5	I was hurting  yesterday and almost cancelled a day of work I felt so awful. I found The Joint by fate and coming here I got one of the most detailed exam and best adjustment ever. I will be back!!
4	I like this place because it's a bare bones (sorry about the pun!) way of getting chiropractic care. There are no x-rays or other expensive ploys to chisel you. Instead you just go in and get the joints cracked. The only thing I don't like is that if you get on their auto bill plan there is a 30 day notice to stop billing the credit card. So, even if you want to quit you have to buy another month of treatments. The good thing is that the prices are very low.The chiropractor that treated me was friendly and professional, and I think he did an outstanding job of cracking my stiff neck and back. The other thing I like is that you can go to any of their offices to get treatment because they are all networked together. So far I have been to two offices and was satisfied both times.
5	Im a New Patient of The Joint and had my first adjustment today and had an AMAZING EXPERIENCE!!!!!! I feel so much better. It was very clean, modern and staff was very professional. The Dr. did an amazing job and so happy I found this place.
5	I had a recent flare up of sciatica and despite a couple visits to my regular chiropractor, I had been researching other options and came across the Joint on my Yelp app. I heard about them on the radio and they are indeed your  "Massage Envy" type setup. I was particularly happy because they are open at this location until 4pm on Saturdays and I was urgently seeking some more relief due to the pain in my lower back. I managed to get in around 3 and was very thankful for it. I had Dr. Hornback who seems to only be there on weekends but for the into price of $19 I got one of the best adjustements I can remember and he also gave me some suggestions and a brief overview of my tension points. I may be wary still of getting into monthly contracts but for those of you who are seeking frequent adjustments or often have back pain, the setting is relaxed and professional, service is friendly and helpful and at a great price especially wih the packages they offer. Look forward to going to them again if the need arises.
5	This is a great place to go....before going to The Joint I lived off of Excedrin and Ibuprofen.  I love the fact that you get in an out without an appointment.  The Dr. does a great job!
5	Dr. Judge is hands-down the BEST chiropractor I have ever found. And I'm bummed I'm moving and won't be able to get his services anymore. This place is walk-in only, low $29 a visit or you can get four visits a month for $49 (minimum two-month contract) then you can cancel anytime. No pressure to cancel and it's so easy to just walk in. The low price is due to that fact that they don't do insurance. I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes. One visit made my muscles spasm (they had been so out of whack for so long) so I called Dr. Judge to make sure it was most likely from the adjustment and not a medical issue. He was so nice to follow up with me later that evening to make sure I was okay. He even researched it on the web for me and found it was from my muscles reacting to be put back to where they should have been all along. I would highly recommend Dr. Judge and this approach to chiropractic! You can visit any of their locations if you have the contract. They are everywhere, but the Dr.'s are just different.
5	Dr.Judge is amazing! He saves me time to time from painful headaches, and he is the first person I went to see when I threw my back out. There is no sales pitch, no bs... He is good at what he does and can relieve pain instantly. I sent a couple people there, and they were really grateful!Pricing is good and walk in whenever you want. Membership is a no brainer!
5	First time in. Front desk was helpful and did not try to sign me up for any contracts. Dr. Judge was knowledgeable and confident. Cost is less than most co pays. I will be back with my back.
5	I just visited The Joint and I am very pleased. No hard sell just very good care!  I will go back if needed.
5	Amazing adjustment. Dr judge is on point. He helped me get my head on straight. Took me right away and really helped me. Highly recommend.
5	Dr. Judge is great. I went from barely walking to 100% in 5 days! There was no pressure sales and it was very easy going. Prices are very reasonable and walk in schedule works great. I'm so glad I found the joint!  I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	Went back recently with a hip flexor and dr. Judge was very honest with me rather than just adjusting me and charging me money he recommended massage and other tips without charging me a dime.
5	Was in from out of town on business and had major issues with my lower back. Filled out the mandatory new patient info and was in immediately. Dr Judge was very thorough going over my issues and past history. He did a complete head to toe adjustment which brought immediate relief.  I highly recommend the Joint and the expertise and Dr Judge and his staff.
5	Awesome!!! I am terrified to be adjusted and he was very professional and walked me through everything before and during the procedure. I will be back for sure!
