1	It didn't even seem like the waitresses here were working at the same resort as those in the other bars at the ARIA.  Bar Moderno is more in the center of the casino and in front of the room elevators.  We visited this section twice, and both times we had terrible service.  Three of us came up with a theory about this when we saw the type of (single) women coming in and meeting up with (single) men they were apparently meeting for the first time.  (The fourth person in our party left early both times because he couldn't stand waiting around so long for the next round of drinks.)  Someday the truth behind the facade of Bar Moderno, and who the waitresses are really looking to serve, will come out in a book entitled, "Confessions of a Vegas Cab Driver."Seriously, any other bar in the hotel must be better than this one.  The seating is rather uncomfortable and the noise level is atrocious.  There is a live pianist at certain times which would be nice if you could hear the music.  The second time we visited, after enjoying the Island Berry at City Bar the previous day, hubby and I ordered it again here.  This time, there was not a hint of strawberry in our drinks.  When we were able to finally flag down a waitress half an hour later and tell her, she immediately told us that she was there when the bartender was making the drinks and saw him put the berries in them.  And before we could close our amazed jaws, she immediately huffed away to find Prince Charming who would take her on a bazillion dollar shopping spree and ply her with all the gifts her highly enhanced body deserved.  The End.
3	i liked my bramble berry =) it was fresh blackberries crushed with grey goose and others.... $12 a glass.... it's pricey, but it's vegas -_-anyways, an okay bar. it was quite empty
4	Of all of the fails of Aria, this was surprisingly not one of them as I actually had quite a pleasant time here. The waitress was friendly and the drinks came fast. The Bramble Berry was good but the Cucumber Collins was even better. Their drinks are pricey (but again it's Vegas). I liked the atmosphere, it didn't completely reek of smoke or cigar. I especially liked that their tables were nicely arranged and the chairs were comfy. At some lounges, the chairs are too tall for the tables or comfort is sacrificed in the name of decor and it looks better than it feels (literally ...)The whole environment was relaxing and conducive to excess drunkness. Not bad at all.
3	My wife and I enjoy Aria and one of our favorite places to hang out is Bar Moderno.  This bar is adjacent to the casino and features a piano player in the evenings.  We enjoy it because you can hang out and have a conversation while people watching, which is one of our favorite things to do.We planned to have a few drinks here then head over to Mandarin Oriental to hang out in their sky lounge.  The drinks here are about average for Vegas high end properties.  This particular evening we enjoyed a glass of Malbec.  We enjoy red wine and their Malbec is reasonable priced at $13 per glass.The service was ok.  The waitress was very attentive to our needs, but once we closed the check, she ignored us.  That was too bad because we changed our mind and were going to order another round, but since she never came back we left and went to Mandarin Oriental.  I don't understand people sometimes.Will I return?  Yes, because we like Aria and it's one of the few lounges in town we really enjoy.
4	Met some friends for cocktails last night.  Another solid night at Bar Moderno.  The piano player is great and the volume of the music is just right for conversation.  Our servers were very attentive and ensured that our glasses were always full.The wine by the glass selection has been expanded a little since our 1st visit and there are some reasonably priced wines available for those who don't have deep pockets.The furniture is comfortable and we love the people watching when you sit by the rail.  Saw Juliette Lewis walk by.....she looked good, but her hair looked ratty....must be getting ready to film Natural Born Killers part II or something.Solid night out.....bumped it up 1 Star because the service was 10x better this time than last.Will I return?  Absolutely!
3	The main points of Aria has to be the bars, they're so freakin snazzy. It's like a feast for your eyes and then a buzz for your body!!Very comfty seating for you to take in the sights of the people and the great decor of everything around you. For some reason, I sat on the couch and kept staring off into the ceiling and their golden columns that seemed to amaze me. Who knows why...***Also, very good place to chill and relax, knock a drink back or a couple while you're waiting for some gambling friends or meeting up with someone. It's next to the guest elevators too!I came here about three times and the third time, I sat there for about an hour or two by myself and no server came over to me the whole time. You could've had a $27345.21 tip. But NO, you didn't service me!
2	I've been there probably 2 times before and have had no problems with this bar in the past. But today will be the last time I ever go there. I was supposed to meet a friend after working and took a seat early hoping to sneak in a drink right quick in prior to the arrival of my friend. I wait for over 5 minutes. No hello or eye contact from the waitress who passes me twice. Its only me and probably 2 or 3 other patrons at the lounge. This place is pretty dead -- its 11am. Luckily theres ESPN NBA highlights on the TV behind the bar which I start to watch while waiting. I figure, screw sitting @ the lounge I'll just move to the bar, I'm closer to the TV and the bartender isn't too busy I'll get my drink in no time right? Wrong. The bar is empty, like 2 other patrons besides me. About a minute or two passes, still no acknowledgment, hi, hello, nothing. A group of about 5 people show up after me on the opposite side of the bar. He quickly serves the other patron beside me and moves on to the group. At this point I'm done with Moderno. By this time approximately 10 minutes pass and my friend arrives. Frustrated and drink-less, I leave and head over to City Bar, another lounge adjacent to Jean Phillipe, where the beautiful waitress hands me my 2 roasted pineapple sidecars in no time flat. -3 stars for Moderno's drab, decor and service, or lack thereof. 2 stars for my "ok" experiences previously with the bar.
3	Nothing fancy. It was convenient as I was staying in the Aria. Drink prices were average for Vegas. Will I come back? Possibly. Is it a must-go? Definitely not.
1	Cucumber collins one of their specialty drinks? Not something I would put down on that side of the menu. I took maybe two sips? Scary to think what their other specialty drinks taste like..
5	The Patrick Sieben duo was awesome. Two man band playing lively modern hits. If you haven't been here or it's been a while, it's time to try again. Good times
4	After starting the night right at the nearby Chandelier bar, we decided to meet a couple of our other friends at Bar Moderno for some more drinking action.Of course, we all know by now that the Aria is one of the best smelling hotels on the Strip (mmmmm vanilla) and they have a great air system (what cigarette smell?). The bar itself was not that busy, a couple of people were seated at the bar and the lounge area was almost completely open which was amazing for us since there was going to be six in our party. We spotted the most comfortable looking couch/lounge chair and sat down immediately. Looking around I was thinking to myself this bar is pretty swanky! A large grand piano was sitting off to the side, soft mood lighting, and dark furniture (think browns, violets, and black tones).Our server came by to take our drink orders but we were waiting on our friends to come down from their room. Plus it gave us a little more time to look over their drink menu. Half hour later we were all counted for and ready to order some drinks! I didn't feel like having Vodka or Wine this visit. I was more on my girly drink mode for some reason so I asked our server what she would suggest to order. I told her I would like something sweet but not to overly disgustingly sweet. She laughed and told me that the Rio 43 was the best choice. If I could remember what was in it, I would be very happy to describe it. All I can say is that it was served in a cute martini class rimmed with sugar and tasted great! Sadly, even though it was loaded with alcohol I was not the least bit buzzed! We had a great time drinking, laughing, taking photos and people watching. It is amazing to watch guys try and pick up girls at the bar. This one dude was having a pretty good conversation with this one chick, about an hour or so into it, she decided to get up and "go to the restroom". 20 minutes later and she still was not back, so dude went looking for her. As we sat in the lounge around we could see him looking all through the casino floor.  Guess he said something that she did not like. It made for some great random conversation with-in out group!!If you do not want the craziness of some bars and want to be able to hear what your friends are actually saying then this bar is definally for you!
4	every trip to vegas I gotta at least spend one late night here drinking with buds while watching 10,000 people walk by.  it's a good location with decent service.  the tables are first come first serve as is the bar, so be ready to swoop.cocktails have decent kick to them and the prices are good.i don't think this place ever closes either.  bonus!oh yeah...this time around, instead of a band, there was this white guy singing warren G's 'regulate', kris kross's 'jump' and snow's 'informer'.  He must be from my generation lol.  good times
1	Serving staff were friendly, only problem after ordering my drink she went on a break! Waited over 10 mins before the second girl showed up, we asked for the bill , no tip and left. Last time to this bar
4	Came in for a quick drink while friends of our gambled near by. It has an inviting atmosphere, cute waitresses and service was quick. They offer a pretty extensive list of speciality drinks (and 4 different kinds of bloody Mary's, my fav). I will def be back in the future.P.S did I mention Aria smells amazing! Vanilla yummy
1	To start I'm not used to ordering cocktails from bars..The 1st night 6/21 I sat at bar for a night cap the bartender walked up I asked him "what he would recomend" he said "I had to tell him". Shocked I ordered the 1st thing I could think of tipped & left..2nd nite 6/22 gave it 1 more try walked up to bar for nite cap.(different bartender this time) asked "What would u recomend" was told " I don't know I don't drink"...Really!!!Ordered the same drink as nite before.. Waited for a second service while the next bartender on duty talked to the guy to the left of me ....Then the guy to the right of me about a female companion leaving her keys earlier that day..Then watched as the Aria Drink/Bar manager show up converse with the bartender & both started holding conversations with some ladies further down the bar...After about 20 mins of watching this show I left & lodged a complaint.. Ended up being the same manager (Ironic) ....
5	My husband and I stayed at the Aria over the 4th of July week. The Aria was so comfortable and accommodating. After the Absinthe show, which I highly recommend; we decided to sit and have a drink and people watch. We were able to find a seat fairly quickly and there was a gentleman playing music. The service was fine. We ended up staying for about 3 hours enjoying two cocktails, some complimentary snack mix and wasabi peas and smoking a cigar as we watched the nightlife of the casino. If your inner sociologist wants to analyze human behavior or if you just want to pick out all the hotties walking by this is the place to sit.
5	Awesome place to relax after a night of gambling!They got great music, with acoustical covers of the big hits. Bartenders are nice, and they are open all night!!
3	This nice little bar is conveniently located next to the casino floor. It's a good spot to do some people watching. The drinks were a bit weaksauce, but they're not too expensive, plus the waitress was very nice and sincere, unlike other waitresses in Vegas joints, and the whole bar has a nice feel and ambiance to it.
3	Bar Moderno is an upscale casino bar/piano lounge in Aria just off of the gaming floor next to the elevators to guest rooms.  There's nothing truly distinguishing about it from an aesthetic perspective that sets it apart from any other casino bar other than it's set in the visually pleasing Aria.  That said, Bar Moderno does feature a short list of craft cocktails, all $13, that are interesting in concept but perhaps unevenly executed depending on your bartender's skill level.  I had the Il Cuore di Aria, a whiskey sour with a twist, made with Jack Daniel's Single Barrel, Limoncello, Orgeat, and fresh sour, shaken and served up.  It was a well-made drink and I was looking for something else on the list, but unfortunately the bartender went on break and his replacement couldn't speak to the cocktail list or make any recommendations.  Bad sign.  No worries.  At least I got a decent cocktail at a "Strip-reasonable" price to kick off my Vegas vacay!
2	Hate to bust the bubble, but I was not impressed.  The stools sit low at the bar, and I felt like I needed a bib and some strained peas with my beer.  Let's see...only $1 and $5 denoms on the machines.  Not to sound cheap, but I like to play 4 Card Keno at $1 per play, not $4.  Makes for a short night.  Not to mention that I put $100 in the machine, had 2 Coronas, and was charged for both although I quickly dispensed the $100.What else?.....Oh ya...there was a game on for a bit, but it ended and I got to watch Hairclub informercial for about 20 minutes before I left.There's lots of nice bars on the strip.  This is not Aria's flagship if you ask me.Extra star for a really friendly cocktail server after my party arrived and we procured a table.
4	Great bar.  I was there earlier this year and they always had excellent musicians.  Just a nice to place to chill out.  Friendly staff.
1	First let me say that I absolutely love the Aria, it's my favorite hotel by far on the strip. It really surprises me that this bar is my least favorite because it really has all of the elements of a great bar, they just somehow don't fit together.The night I was there a guy with a fantastic voice was playing guitar and was hugely entertaining. He had a very mellow vibe and it was a nice balance to all the people and noise that was stuffed into this place.Here's the downturn:The bartenders are horrible. They suck at what they do and they need to go find jobs where they'll actually be happy. The only bartender I wanted was a guy from Long Island. He was the friendliest one there. The others seriously need to find new careers. I've never seen so many sneering waitstaff in my life. Sad.The drink I ordered was done really badly and was overpriced and watered down. I tried to alert the bartender that I needed another one of his amazing concoctions (not) and was looked at and then ignored. You know, I've lived all over the country (LA, NYC, DC, etc) and I have never encountered the snootiness in bartenders that I have in Vegas. It's as though they breathe rarefied air instead of the smog like the rest of us heathens. I don't mind bring them back down to reality with a less-than-stellar tip at all. I hope they got the message.The final straw that guarantees that I'll never be back is that they allow smoking. Now, not regular, courteous smoking. Cigar, in-your-face, choking you to death smoking. I asked the bartender what the law says about grabbing cigars out of patrons hands and crushing it out on the bar. He said it was most likely illegal. Had I not had a friend with me I would have told that rude ass what he could do with his smoke. UGH.Anyway, here's the rundown: RUDE bartenders, OVERPRICED drinks, SMOKING in your face constantly. With all of the great bars in Vegas (and even in the Aria) I suggest you pass this one right on by.
4	I'm not much of a gambler (I'm sure you all wonder why I was even in Vegas) so sitting in a casino and waiting for complimentary (but slow to arrive and occasionally watered down) drinks isn't my favorite thing. Also, I'm not a huge fan of Fat Tuesday and all of the similar places with excessively sweet, alcoholic slushies. I prefer relaxing for a bit and enjoying a properly prepared cocktail. That's why I like places like Bar Moderno so much. While my Vegas buddy was happily gambling away at the Aria casino I wandered around, had a pastry (ahem, perhaps more than one, but that's my little secret) at Jean Philippe, and grabbed myself a few drinks at Bar Moderno. It was great to just sit down for a few minutes, rest my feet, and satiate my thirst. The bartenders were really friendly, quick, and made a great version of a Moscow Mule and a spicy Bloody Mary. While I'm not sure I would go out of my way to come here, if you're in the area you should definitely check it out. It was great to take a break from the craziness of Vegas. The ambiance is sleek yet inviting, delicious cocktails, and the prices were on par with other, subpar bars.
5	This has just been renovated so we were one of the first to try it and we really did enjoy the experience.  From the live music, to the cigar list, great drink selection and the people watching (it sits between the guest elevators and the casino floor), this was a great way to wind down in the early mornings.  People seemed to be waiting for seats in this place, though i do think the service was a little slow.  I don't think they were ready for that many people.
3	This is an upscale bar located right by the guest elevators on the casino floor, a good spot for people watching.  The table seating is low to the ground, but I did like the little round stools.  Drinks are Vegas-priced but pretty good - they have an excellent house bloody Mary.  Service was good, and they bring some tasty bar snacks (sesame twigs and wasabi peas) with your drink orders.They did have live music one evening, a guy singing and playing guitar and piano. He was not bad but a little too loud for my taste.
5	The best Bloody Mary in Vegas! I do not know what they put in their Bloody Mary mix, but it is great and each bloody marry is served with a pickle and an olive and comes in three versions of spicy (a bit, medium and wow). Awesome and worth the $14 charge.
5	Bar Moderno is a nice quite lounge located just in front of the elevators at the Aria.  A good place to chill and relax at the beginning or the end of the night, especially if you have some good cigars to smoke.
3	Some quick tips:1. The bar is a great place to people watch as a lot of foot traffic occurs throughout the casino past this bar.2. The drinks are not bad. They are priced according to Las Vegas.3. During the night, there is usually a guy on the piano belting out tunes.4. There is food on the menu, though I didn't try it.5. They give you an assortment of bar munchies along with your drink order. Not bad for free!I like this bar enough to say that it was a fine experience. What made it not so fine and probably would not really give me a reason to really return to the bar is the snooty service. There were several cocktail waitresses there who blatantly ignored my girlfriend and me when we were trying to flag them down to take our drink orders.Anyways, besides the service, the drinks were fairly decently priced considering it is a bar in Vegas. I did appreciate the fact that they gave a good sized tray of bar munchies along with our drink order. If I recall correctly, they were wasabi peas and other types of crunchy carby goodies. The drinks though left the both of us unimpressed. In fact, I would probably suggest for you to head to a low-key spot across the way to the Vdara.I think that if you are wanting to be seen or want to people watch, Bar Moderno is wonderful. There are plenty of open railings so you can observe the casino floor and watch the many beautiful girls and well-dressed guys walking to Aria's Haze. Anyways, despite the attitude and the lackluster drinks, the location is pretty good.Hope you guys try it out for yourself!
