5	Can't tell you how pleased we are with this full-service animal hospital. All the vets are real caring and the place is clean, well stocked, and fully staffed.They even board animals here.
5	The people working at Plantation are the best!  My girlfriend and I have been to several vets do to moving and this is the friendliest crew we have ever had help us!  From the girls up front to the doctors you can tell they love what they do.  They diagnosed our cat with a bad thyroid that 2 other vets told us was just old age!
5	Best vets office ever!  These folks love pets more than any other vets I have ever been to. Fancy place in a very convenient location. Highly recommend.
5	Dr. Murphy and his staff took care of my family's Shih Tzu for many years - basically snatching him from the jaws of death when another animal clinic in Matthews misdiagnosed him. When his time finally came years later, Dr. Murphy was wonderful, kind and compassionate to my family and went above and beyond what anyone could anticipate. Once I was on my own and got my own pet, I took her to Plantation Animal Hospital and Dr. Murphy took care of her as if she were his own pet, taking the time to comfort a scared kitten and talk to her before examining her. Everyone from the reception desk, to the vet techs to the veterinarians are friendly and professional and I wouldn't trust anyone else to take care of my "child". Plantation Animal Hospital is the BEST!!!
5	Again, Plantation Animal Clinic gets a very much deserved 5 star rating.  A poor little stray cat, who had obviously been a much loved pet at sometime, showed up on my patio looking underweight and pitiful.  I brought the sweetie to Plantation to have him checked out in the hopes of getting him re-homed.  Paula, at the front desk, is the BEST (and has been for all of the years that my family and I have been taking our fur-babies to Plantation)!  Super kind and efficient and makes you feel immediately like your "child" is going to be very well taken care of.  I made 3 visits for this guy and the vet techs were amazing.  When they take your pet to the testing/weighing/poking area, you can hear them talking to and comforting the animal.  Dr. Reed thoroughly examined the little guy, did tests and then later called and discussed options and possibilities (along with costs) associated with caring for him once his blood work was done (which was the very next morning, first thing).  He spent quite a while on the phone with me, answering my questions and listening to me sniffle.  Plantation Animal Clinic proves again and again to be the absolute best choice for pet care.
5	Best in Area, if not the State..We moved to NC 9 years ago and used a terrible vet in Pinevile as we lived in Ballantyne. When we moved here we tried Plantation Animal Hospital and found our home.We are an animal family and they have helped us thru the death of two cats and a beloved family dog, Mr Smelly Pants.When our dogs go in for an appointment or any injury the doctor calls to follow up and they really care,I feel the pricing in reasonable for the quality of care you get.I truly find them to better then any Human Doctors I have found in Charlotte.They understand that my White GSD is animal agressive and groom him in solitude where he acts like a big baby.I really and truly can't say enough about them, they are all great loving funny people
5	Took our 12 year old lab to see Dr. Reed today for the first time. Great experience from the minute we walked in. Everyone there gave Charlie lots of love. Dr. Reed spent a good deal of time with us explaining what's going on. Couldn't be happier with our new vet!
5	Dr. Murphy and the staff at Planation are wonderful! I had just relocated to Matthews and my dog inexplicably became ill. Dr. Murphy got right down on the floor with him and took the time to put my dog at ease first before "poking" around to see what was going on.You can tell that it's not just business for Dr. Murphy, but that he truly cares for the animals he treats. I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a vet in the area!
5	Simply put, I have seen each of the three vets here at some point for our dog or cat and every single one of them treats our animals as their own. They are so good with animals, it's the only place I've ever taken my crotchety 16 year old cat where she has remained relatively calm the whole time. They also have lots of great technology and treatment options but never push them on you; it's just their if you want it and can afford it. They are reasonably priced (about 50-60 for just an exam) with wonderful people and great service. I cannot recommend Thus vet highly enough!
5	have been taking our almost 6-year old to Plantation since the day we brought her home from the Humane Society 5 1/2 years ago.  Couldn't ask for better treatment or friendly folks.
5	The best vets ever!!!   We have 3 dogs.  These guys make you feel each pet is the most important ever.  The vets will always call you at home on their cell phones to follow up and check on your animal.  The staff is sweet and very accommodating.  They are building a new facility to open in the fall downtown Matthews.  Anyone new to Charlotte/Matthew/Weddington area -- this is the vet for you.   Always caring.
5	Can't say enough about the wonderful staff at Plantation. Convenient, prompt, friendly, loving to your pet, and real people looking out for you...not your wallet.
