5	This is by far the most success I have ever had with one gym. The trainer Tim Deloch is amazing! The workouts combine a hybrid of Crossfit & TRX training over a one hour period.Additionally, it a great positive group of individuals.Let's face it everyone has busy days and eating is something we think of last, and it affects our energy and lifestyle. This gym is really supportive as a group. Lots of fun people just trying to stay healthy! I like this gym because it covers, nutrition, fitness training and the support of attendees and trainers is out standing!Use referral code # 132068:  for a free week OR try their 30 Day Fit Challenge. (That is how I got started.)
5	The workouts here are great, and for anyone.  Everyone does the same thing but you can kind of go at your own pace and you are never racing against anyone.  The people are very friendly and you will definitely notice a change after the first week.  I workout regularly at many different high intensity classes, and my muscles have been sore after several of these classes!  Get a living social or groupon or just try it for a week.  That is how I tried it and I was hooked after a few classes.
5	Another awesome leg day. Love ur leg day cause it doesn't kill my knees :) n it's a great workout
4	I signed up for a free week membership. Wanting to participate in Their weight loss nutrition counseling. I have called their office 3 times and the president once as well as a text and have left multiple vm's with the office. It's been 3 days since with no word from anyone. Their counselor was suppose to call me to schedule an Appt for the program. So far no call backs or texts despite multiple efforts I received a call from the owner of the gym. I've had to have unexpected surgery so I can't do anything physical for quite awhile. I was impressed he took the time to reach out. I would suggest giving them a try.
5	Holy cow. Upper body day. I had a hard time lifting my dork to eat my dinner. My arms r dead lol. Great class once again
