5	The Official Closer of the Charlotte Craft Beer Week on 3/22/2014.
4	One part beer festival, one part carnival.This was the first year for All Ale to the Queen. Three rooms of beer, food (for sale) and performers. Silk acrobatics, balloon animal making like you've never seen before, jugglers, hula hoopers, glass eater, magician, a guy walking around on stilts. Never a dull moment. There were also home brewers and a mixology station. All Ale featured breweries from across the southeast region. Notably missing: local Charlotte breweries. I was pumped to see Damascus Brewery there. A friend from high school runs that business in the tiny Virginia mountain town where my mama lives.My favorite: Ass Clown. It was my first time having beers from them. Also, I giggle every time I hear or say the name. Hi, I'm a grown up. The habanero and oyster stouts were both amazing. Finally, a beer that actually does have some real heat to it. I can not wait to check them out in Cornelius. I was also a big fan of Urban Orchard from Asheville. You know me.. I'm sucker for a cider.I loved having live entertainment. Don't get me wrong, a DJ and/or band... great. However, the addition of the circus performers kept me entertained for six hours. Great event. Happy to have been a part of it. Can't wait to see what Aaron does to top it next year!
4	This was such a fun event! Can't wait for the next one.
4	Was hoping the festival would be outside, on such a gorgeous Spring day. But... the atmosphere was festive and the beer selection, sublime! So many amazing options available to be tasted, with cost of admission. No need to buy tickets like other beer festivals I have been to. I especially loved Ass Clown Brewery - they had a great selection of sour beers to choose from, which are not easy to find. The aerial gymnasts were entertaining, as were the other side shows. Bathrooms were plentiful and the venue was way cleaner than I expected.My only 2 (minor) issues with the day were: 1 - you had to go out front to smoke, even though security was standing by back door as well. It was hot/stuffy in there, and I wanted fresh air ASAP! 2 - no local food, Panda Express was set up there. Didn't think that was befitting of a beer festival, especially in a city with delicious & unique local restaurants and/or food trucks. However, the few booths inside with food (the pretzels & hummus), kind of made up for the lack of local cuisine.
