5	I found this place completely on accident. I tried to go to Off Da Hook shit hole down the street but was treated horribly rude so I walked out. I saw this place when I drove by so I thought I would give it a try. I was angry when I walked in so I vented a bit to the poor young lady who was trying to help me. I could tell she felt bad for me and she mentioned something to the guys in the kitchen before I ordered. I went a head and ordered the chicken and waffles with the mac and cheese and onion rings. The price was less than $10 which shocked me. This was 3 pieces of chicken, a large waffle with 2 nice sized sides for less than $10. Thats one hell of a deal in my book. i went out and sat down to wait for my food. While I was waiting the owner came over and actually apologized for the rude assholes (my words not his) down the street. He started up a nice conversation and we talked a while until my food was ready. Everyone there was incredibly nice and extremely helpful.    I drove home and dug into my dinner. The chicken was INCREDIBLE!!!! I cannot stress this enough. Some of the best chicken I have had. Nice big pieces, the crust was nice and crispy with tons of flavor. The meat was extremely juicy and cooked perfectly. The mac and cheese was very good as were the onion rings. Now I had a feeling the poor waffle was not going to fair well on the drive home and sadly it did not. It kinda steamed itself in the clam shell and was a bit soggy. No way I can fault Chik-a-Ribs for this. Some things just dont travel well and waffles are one of them. It did however have a very good flavor and now im dying to try one in house to get the full experience.     If you want fantastic food with great service, really nice people and dirt cheap prices this is where you want to go. This place is one of those pure luck finds that doesnt come along very often and im glad it did. I will be back time and time again for that fantastic chicken. GO, thats all I have to say, JUST GO!!
1	Just not good.Ordered 2 wings which came with 2 sides I chose macncheese and refried beans.  Wings were fried, slightly overcooked, and had no flavor.  No salty, no seasony, nothing.  Macncheese tasted a couple of elbow noodles swimming in warmed cream, with a tablespoon of actual cheese plopped in the cup.  Refried beans were soupy and slightly undercooked.Also ordered a wing, drumstick thigh which came with 2 sides which were chosen as fries and corn on the cob.  The man agreed his chicken was also slightly overcooked, no salt, no seasony, nothing.   Fries were that cool spiral cut concept but were chewy, greasy and soggy.  Corn was corn haha.I was hopeful that they would have a different style of fried chicken like at Pollo Campero.  Eek! Methinks not.  At the end of the meal, we came to the consensus they got everything they attempted wrong, absolutely wrong.  Im sad for them :( and sad for my $15.00 dollars.  I didnt even wanna write this review however I know this is exactly what Yelp is for.  I took one for the team tonight.  We win most and we lose some, I definitely lost tonight...
1	Just not good.Ordered 2 wings which came with 2 sides I chose macncheese and refried beans.  Wings were fried, slightly overcooked, and had no flavor.  No salty, no seasony, nothing.  Macncheese tasted a couple of elbow noodles swimming in warmed cream, with a tablespoon of actual cheese plopped in the cup.  Refried beans were soupy and slightly undercooked.Also ordered a wing, drumstick thigh which came with 2 sides which were chosen as fries and corn on the cob.  The man agreed his chicken was also slightly overcooked, no salt, no seasony, nothing.   Fries were that cool spiral cut concept but were chewy, greasy and soggy.  Corn was corn haha.I was hopeful that they would have a different style of fried chicken like at Pollo Campero.  Eek! Methinks not.  At the end of the meal, we came to the consensus they got everything they attempted wrong, absolutely wrong.  Im sad for them :( and sad for my $15.00 dollars.  I didnt even wanna write this review however I know this is exactly what Yelp is for.  I took one for the team tonight.  We win most and we lose some, I definitely lost tonight...update: weird how all the reviews for this place are yelped by randoms with only 1 review and sound like advertisements haha...weird
4	I got two pieces of chicken, mac and cheese, and refried beans with a Coke for under $7.  The chicken was very good tasting, juicy and cooked just right.  The mac and cheese was delicious.  I got this order to go and they had me sit down at a table and the waitress brought the check and my drink over.  It was very nice and relaxing after the morning I had.  They have R&B playing and ESPN on the flat screen tv, so I had no problem waiting for my food to cook.  The restaurant is very clean and everyone was very polite!!  Next time I go back, I want something with BBQ sauce, it smells wonderful!
5	I went to Chik a rib for lunch today and it was great! I had chicken and waffles, plus mac n cheese and some ribs. The fried chick was crispy on the outside and very juicy meat- it was great! The waffle was fluffy and buttery. It was the best waffle I ever had. The ribs were so tender that they fell off the bone and the mac and cheese was very velvetty and good. I would recommend this place to anyone! they also had desserts that looked good, but I was too full to try any of them!
4	I stopped by this restaurant yesterday because it was across the street from the Fry's (I needed to visit the BoA bank inside).The music was pretty loud, and not my style, but the ribs were quite good!  I ordered potato salad and coleslaw as my sides.  I was going to get the beans, but the waitress explained they were refried beans, not BBQ beans as I was thinking.  There weren't many people there (only 2 other customers), but it had room for quite a few more.I liked the potato salad...it wasn't mushy; the same for the coleslaw.  I thought the ribs could have a little less fat on them, but the taste was good.I paid $8-something for the ribs, 2 sides, and a soda.
1	Most terrible dining experience of my existence. First of all, it was a total sensory overload. They had a moving playing, music blaring, and then the sound of traffic (which is admittedly unavoidable). Now to the heart of the matter: the food. The ribs were at least 50% fat. The curly fries were bland, greasy, soggy, and unpalatable. And the portions! If you want a ridiculously large amount of food, this is the place for you but I thought it was disgusting and so unhealthy, not that I was expecting much nutritional value. I will never go there again and I strongly advise that you just avoid it.
5	Read about this in the New Times, so I Just tried this wing challenge. The rules are now all 10 wings in 8 minutes. I am the 5th customer to win the challenge. The wings are meaty, but tender so its easy to get the meat off the bone. They are using the Bhut Jolakia "Ghost Pepper" which is the world's hottest pepper to make the sauce. Pretty stinging hot stuff, this is not for a weak stomach.BOTTOM LINE: Burns going in, burns comin' out!Newtimes wing challenge story:http://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/bella/2010/07/chik-a-ribs_lava_wing_challeng.phpBhut Jolakia pepper wiki:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bhut_Jolokia_pepper
5	I just got back from doing their Lava Challenge and it was amazing! As Scott D said, I read about this in New Times and I wanted to give it a go. Let me tell you that it is hot, but I accomplished it! I know that a challenge is a great way to lure new customers, but don't just eat the wings and nothing else because the food here is delish! I got to try some of the fried chicken and the mac and cheese and both were extremely legit! I really hope this place gets the business it deserves! The chef and waitress were fantastic and both were very welcoming. I will be back!
1	I went to the new location at 7th St. & Thunderbird and it is also closed.
