5	I love Nancy's nails. I have gotten my nails done by Nancy herself every time I go in. They are all nice and easy to talk to.  I get the overlay on my nails and sometimes I get a pedicure too and it's under $50. I love I think it is the best and most inexpensive experience I have ever had getting my nails done!
5	Small but clean little shop. The entire staff is super nice and friendly. The nail technician I got was a little hard to understand but I didn't mind because she did exactly what I asked for and my mani and pedi both came out great.Not a huge selection of nail polishes but they have a good selection of colors that I'd actually choose to have painted on me. Pricing is great. It was $30 for a mani and pedi. I got charged $5 extra for french tips which is pretty standard everywhere.I definitely will be back.
4	Came here with my sister in law she had a coupon for a 27.99 mani/ spa pedi. The staff was friendly they have a tv and plenty of magazines to look through. I got a french tip mani and spa pedi with a flower. The guy did a great job our nails look gorgeous!
4	They get the job done and no complaints here. There is one nail tech that is very easy to understand and I like going to her. I have only gotten acrylics put on here two or three times and have been satisfied each time.If you are an ASU student look for their coupons in The Student Handbook each year.
5	I love this place!Small, clean, shop w/ a friendly staff. Lots of color and style selections. Its always nice to go somewhere where not only do they do a great job, but they remember your name.
4	Good place for a pedicure, staff is friendly, and they have a subscription to Money magazine for the dudes when you come in for a pedicure (don't knock it till you try it if you wear flip-flops a lot..keeps the toes looking good.
5	This place is great!I'll admit, most of mani/pedi experiences happen in North Phoenix because I usually would go with my mil.  But my aunt was visiting from out of town and we were both due for a little nail TLC.  I didn't know where to go so I starting scanning yelp and the interwebs looking for help.  I wanted something that didn't require us to travel too far (she was staying near tempe diablo stadium) and we were planning on going shopping at Fashion Square later in the day (post nail mission).I was trying to avoid the craziness of downtown Scottsdale but also didn't want to go someplace fancy due due to cost efficiency and appointments typically being necessary.  It can be hard to find a regular nail salon!But alas!  Nancy's to the rescue.  We arrived before it opened, which was perfect because we were the first ones in the door and taken care of.  We weren't focused on getting in and fast, we just wanted to enjoy ourselves.  They did a great job on the nails and have very reasonable prices.  Their mani/pedi combo is also terrific.So I strongly suggest that if you need a place to get your nails done, Nancy's will do a great job and your feet and hands will feel extra pretty and loved.
4	I like this nail place. I've gone at least a dozen times. Nancy is super friendly.However, sometimes when I call the number listed for this business, to make an appointment, it continuously rings. I never know if they're open or too busy. An answering machine that lists shop hours would be convenient.
4	I LOVED Nancy''s nails. They were nice friendly and quick!! Nancy is a Great owner. She knew everyone by name and made them fill welcomed! Everyone should go to this place.
1	The place is clean and it was a great location for me but at the beginning she had told me it would be $30 for everything and an extra $5 for french tips but when I went to pay she said it was $55. I'm not sure what kind of math they were raised on but 30+5+5=55. I'm not sure where the extra $15 went but I was NOT pleased to say the least. If you're going to rip me off at least give me a well done manicure, the tips are all different lengths, some rounded, some square. I will not be back. If you go here have fun getting scammed.
4	Great salon! Everyone is genuinely really nice, especially the owner. Anna is very sweet - my nails always look great! Definitely my go to nail salon.
5	I tried this salon for the first time today and I have to say that I'm very impressed.  My nail technician, Mai, was very nice and her work on both my manicure and pedicare was perfect.  The salon is clean and everyone who works there seemed very friendly.  I had a gel manicure and a regular pedicure with flowers and the cost was $50 + tip.  I'll be coming back!
5	I just moved around this area and thought I try some nails places around here and by far I like this place the best because my nails polish last really long, the nails techs there are very nice, and the place was warm and clean.
1	Very rude girls. I don't like this place at all. Yes they are clean, but they are disrespectful. I waited forever even with an appt, and after that I was treated horrible. I will not go back and I advise anyone else to go somewhere else.
5	Nancy's nails is a fantastic nail salon. Although it looks like any other nail salon, the service is impeccable. My nails and eyebrows always looked fantastic and the staff was really friendly (unlike most other nail salon). Plus, it's so cheap and hardly ever busy!!!
5	After living in Tempe for several months and not finding a nail salon, I went on yelp :) and found Nancy's. The reviews looked pretty good so I decided to give it a try. Like some of the other reviews mentioned, the salon doesn't look like much from the outside, but on the inside everything is great. The facility is clean, but what makes the difference for me is the fact that the staff there was so friendly, and welcoming. All of the technicians were talking with the clients and there were even a few friendly group conversations between everyone in the salon. It was very comfortable! Most of the ladies in there during my appointment were regular clients and they had nothing but good things to say about the place after learning that it was my first time there. Loyal clientele is always a good sign. Johnny did my acrylic nails (full set) which I am totally in love with. He did a great job and was also really personable. another awesome thing about this salon is that they offer a 5% discount to anyone that pays in cash! 5% isn't a lot, but it's still a pretty cool little perk. I will definitely be returning.
5	Fast, friendly and not a lot of idle chit-chat.  We were walk-ins for pedicures on a Tuesday afternoon.They were able to seat us quickly and they did a fantastic job.
4	Went today and got my first gel manicure and a pedicure- love them! The nail technician I had did such a great job. Very polite, professional, and great service! Love the massage chairs- left relaxed. Conveniently close to my house. I will definitely be returning.
1	Kind of confused... When I go to get my nails done and ask for something in particular (thin French manicure on my toes) I expect the nail tech to know how to do it... I sat in awe after repeatedly asking her to thin the white line (clearly super thick for my short toenails) and she sighed each time. Then the topper, she actually gets it right and in the process of putting on top coat misses half my nail and when I ask her to cover the area tells me it's already on there? Really?One of worst pedicure experiences of my life
1	Made an apt and showed up and the man was short with me and said it didn't matter and I had a 20-30 min wait.  There was only 4 people working and they had all started a service.  So I went down the street to nice nails and they took me and did a great job
5	This place is excellent! I called ahead and was able to get right in the next day. They speak English so it's easy to communicate what you want. Great pedicure chairs and she was able to do exactly the design I wanted! Would highly recommend :-)
1	My daughter and I went to this establishment for the very first time today.  We were told by the man who did the nails that our fill would be $15 a piece which is not uncommon.  I use gel polish because it lasts longer and was told it would be an additional $15 and since I have my nails rounded it it would cost an additional $3 because he had to shape them. Since I had never paid $15 for gel polish when I questioned him about the amount for the gel polish he became agitated and snapped at me. He was going to charge me $33 for a fill and gel polish.He asked me where I lived and went on to tell me that he'd been at the shop for 10 years and I should know better than to question his prices.  My daughter's polish job was so bad that they chipped and she had to go to another shop to have them repaired. She wanted a French manicure along with her fill and the French manicure would have cost her an additional $10.  Their prices are ridiculously outrageous! I will never return to this establishment and highly recommend that anyone else considering it should give a second thought before going to their place of business as well. Giving this business a one star review it's still too much.
5	They are great! Looks perfect everytime and they are super nice! Cheap as well! So glad I found this place
1	I received an email from Thai K. thanking me for not returning.  There's professionalism for you.
3	I had a little need for a pedicure and was in the neighborhood. Used my yelp app for recommended places and. Nancy's had some great reviews. My "demands" for pedicures are much different than for a girl. I'd say what sets them apart (for the few I've had) or the leg scrubs/massages. I thought the place was clean, the pedicure ok and nothing amazing and the leg scrub wasn't something that would make me want to return but all in all a place I could recommend if you need to go somewhere and other nearby locations are too busy.
1	worst service ever. I went in for a quick fill the guys said 20 mins so i waited. then a pedicure walks in for 2 people and all of a sudden the lady that was suppose to do my nails next goes to do the pedi. They dont serve you first come first served and they wasted my time. never going back and im glad i didnt spend any of my money for their poor customer service.
5	I don't know what's with the bad reviews. The first time I went here was with my sister and mother in law as well as my 2 nieces. We all got pedicures and it took maybe 1.5hrs which was a really decent time considering it was a Saturday. They were all so kind and the lady that did my nails rocked!! I highly recommend this place and can't wait to go back.
5	This was a quick trip with no appointment. I needed to get my eyebrows waxed during my lunch break. I happened to stumble across this place walking into the shopping plaza that it is located. They were slightly busy though I only had to wait 5 mins. The staff was friendly and I was offered a bottle of water while I waited. Amy did my eyebrows and she did the best job anyone has ever done on my brows. I will be back to try other services. This is a full service nail salon with spa services such as waxing and facials. A great place to treat yourself.
5	Very nice great pedis and Mani's live them they do n excellent through job on manicure gels and pedis very good value. They are always friendly and work you in
4	Small little nail shop, nice and quiet. Came in for eyebrows and a manicure and both turned out good. The hand massage I got with my manicure was awesome. Reasonably priced. I'll probably return again.
5	Always willing to squeeze me in and offer new nail ideas! I've been all over the valley and this is by far my favorite place! Ask for Mai , she's the best ever ! Happy to have found a nail home ! Great with pricing, cleanliness , and timing . I have never been disappointed by my visits here. Looking forward to all the future nail designs to come ! Bring your Pinterest nail dreams to life !
