3	Just tried out this place today. This is just one of the many new places in the food court in the Excalibur Hotel. They are giving out coupons which is pretty neat because I got 2 free chicken pieces and a drink when I ordered a 3 piece meal. The chicken was crunchy and tasted better than KFC. I also ordered the chicken wrap which has a chicken tender wrapped with a corn tortilla and comes with a little bit beans and rice in the inside. Overall, the food was not too oily and is great for a quick snack or lunch.
2	Definitely not the best Popeyes experience I've ever had foodwise but the server was very friendly and helpful, and I got my food quickly.
2	I've eaten here several times as I work in the area.As usual for a food court area in a casino it's always very loud here. The line is usually very long as well.I've never tried Popeyes prior to this place opening and can say after several visits that if this is typical of all Popeyes Chicken I'm not a big fan of their food.
1	Tried eating here  twice between June 3 and 6, 2013.  The first visit they had no chicken tenders. WTF??? No tenders???!?!?  I just ordered a soda, but they gave me the wrong size.Went back to try for dinner later in the week, ordered my tenders, got my food and went back to my room to eat it and realized they gave me regular chicken NOT the tenders. Lesson learned here:  CHECK YOUR ORDER BEFORE YOU LEAVE.But I still won't go back. Too much trouble.
2	I bought 32.00 worth fried chicken along with side items today. I requested a couple of dipping sauces and was charged an additional, roughly .50 cents for each dipping sauce. Furthermore, FYI - This Popeyes franchisee does not give free refils on purchased fountain drinks.This experiance feels like the Popeyes in Comptom, not the Popeyes in Las Vegas. #ComptonPopeyes #popeyes #revokehislicense #popeyesfranchise #popeyesfranchisee #popeyeslasvegas #popeyesexcaliber
2	The chicken was very dry. The potatoes with gravy were warm not hot and the biscuit was hard. Horrible customer service from the lady behind the counter. She is the boss and is very rude. Watched her yell at an employer and a guest in front of me. Very unprofessional.
1	The worst place in all of the food court land. We have tried this place a couple times and its always awful. Ordered almost 30 dollars worth of food aka an 8 piece meal with two drinks. The chicken was alright meh, the fries were cold cold, and the biscuits are why they got a one star rating bc they were quite good. After the smallest 3.29 cent sweet tea we were looking to see how much a refill was wrong, no refills here. They want another 3.29 . We then asked for just a cup of water we were told we could get s cup of ice. This place is a joke and I hope they tear it down and build a juice bar for all I care.
1	Chicken was good but horrible customer service. The lady who took my order was awful, sighed out loudly because I wasn't quick enough to choose - first time there and they didn't have non-spicy tenders. In the end they even forgot the biscuit in my combo meal... To be avoided!
