1	so it is 3 pm thursday may 15, got a call from local number call center, which is appeared to be http://411locals.com/, wow these guys are smart now they are using local number to call you so it looks like it is some neighbor calling you,....so after few minutes with a nice lady i got transferred to some new sales person who is absolutely rude and does not take any no for an answer, pushing their product down my throat. after searching there compan reviews on google by typing "411locals reviews" i found the are on ripoffreport.com website...after telling sales person about it, basically conversation went down hill from that, and turned into argument as if i offended them over them phone, sales person should NOT be rude and interrupting you over the phone and yelling back at your as if you are in bar fight....1 start is too much for this business.
1	I gave them 6 months to get my website right and they never did. Every time I would call they would say they would make their corrects to grammar, spelling, computer script all over the place, etc. They are so Kindergarten! I received no refund!! They had the nerve to ask me to stay and they will make things right and give me a couple months free, but come on; I already paid 6 months! Still today, {1.5 months later} they have not corrected their mistakes. They took the website down but never cleared up issues that they did wrong on other sites like yellow pages etc! All of that wrong info is still there. So disappointing, this company! Just to cancel they kept me on the 1.5 hours trying to convince me on staying! They are the biggest waist of time for a business owner. I'm now doing my own through godaddy and in one day, (and I don't know what i'm doing) i accomplished more then them! Unbelievable! I am also putting this on ripoffreport.
1	We agreed for them to "get us to the first page of Google"  in July 2014 and they said it was month to month with NO contract. so in September we wrote them an email to cancel our service and they still took money out of our credit card. We called them to cancel the services and they still won't do it.  With multiple phone calls to them, we needed to cancel our credit card in order to not be frauded against. STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY.  ITS A SCAM!
1	I called to cancel my service 2 times. I was told I would receive a call from them but I did not.   I only needed to cancel my service.  I have now had to close my bank account so they will not be able to draft anymore funds. Maybe they will cancel it now. This is not a company to do business with!If only I had read the Yelp reviews before using this service I would have known not to hire them.
1	I've been trying to cancel my service with them for months.  Every time I speak to someone, I'm told that I have to talk to the cancelation department, which will call me.  This never happens.  The reason I'm canceling in the first place is that their listing for us was poor and inaccurate, and changes I tried to make to it were never put in place.
