5	I recently had my make-up done by Jena for an Ahwatukee Chamber of Commerce event.  She volunteered her time to make up models for a fashion show.  She did amazing work on all the models. .we were a group of "normal" women of all ages and she made everyone look radiantly gorgeous!  Definitely knows what she is doing!  Highly recommend!
5	SkinFIT is a big part of my healthy aging program. Jena's skin care treatments are custom made for my skin type and she keeps my skin looking radiant and healthy. She is extremely knowledgeable and knows what treatments to use and what products would be best for me.  I highly recommend Jena, she is awesome!
5	Jena's skin care treatments have been great. From my own visit and sending my gf there several times, we have nothing but great things to say. She is very knowledgeable and polite, a great experience all around.
5	I see Jena every 6 weeks for my brows and dermaplaning and my skin has never looked better! I get complimented on my brows all the time, she takes her time and shapes them to perfection. She is very knowledgeable with products and will recommend the perfect serums and moisturizers for your skin.
5	I'm a hairstylist and I have worked with many make-up artists for films and special events. I'm so happy I recently had the chance to work with Jena! She did the make-up for a wedding I did the hair for. Jena's make-up application for the bride, the brides mother and her 4 bridesmaids was classic yet modern. Everyone was glowing and their eyes stood out beautifully, especially the bride. She gave them exactly what every women wants on their wedding day, to look gorgeous and flawless. I would highly recommend Jena to anyone and here's why:1) She is a true professional!2) She asks questions and makes suggestions. 3) She's prepared and works in a timely manner. 4) Her make-up application enhances her clients beauty without being overly done.5) She is sweet and personable. I hope to get to work with her in the future and would feel comfortable knowing my own clients are in excellent hands with Jena.
5	I've been going to Jena for over a year and couldn't be happier with her services!! Jena customizes my facials to my skin care needs. I always leave relaxed and rejuvenated. Jena also does amazing makeup! I've seen how beautiful her clients look and can't wait for her to do my wedding makeup in October!! I highly recommend her to all my family and friends:)
