5	This was my first Spray tanning experience and have to say it was great! I have been back 3 times!  As a man with a shaved head,I think  you just look healthier with a good tan. And didn't want to go to a tanning bed, it just seems unhealthy long term.  So I gave this a shot and I'm hooked.  The staff does a great job of following up and answering all my stupid questions! haha
5	I checked this place out when I was in Phoenix for a weekend, as I needed some color for an upcoming wedding. The studio is incredibly cute and the owner made it a point to ensure I was comfortable and satisfied with my results. She gave me a lot of info about the process and about maintaining my tan. My color looks great and I'll definitely be back next time I'm in town!
5	I LOVED my experience at Bronze Buddha Glow. I was a first timer but wanted to give spray tanning a try because it's so much better than the tanning beds. My main fear was being too orange. Luckily I had nothing to worry about. The color was great! A nice golden tan just like I'd hoped. Jayd was really relaxed and fun. She made me feel very comfortable and did a great job. No streaking whatsoever. For the service and quality, it's a great price. I'd highly recommend this place and will definitely be going back! Plus the studio space is really cute too!
5	Jayd is awesome! She was so accommodating the evening before Valentines day when I went in to get a spray tan. She is a true professional and her space, adorable! I also love that she uses organic products. I felt like Jayd wanted me to look my best and really took her time making sure everything is perfect before and after my service. Bronze Buddha Glow is an amazing place to feel at home and get your tan on!
5	I recently needed to attend a social event and noticed I could use a little color. Not a big fan of UV I decided to try the safer spray alternative. After seeing before and after pictures online, I decided to give Bronze Buddha Glow a try. I was really nervous about ending up looking unnaturally "orange" and even mentioned it to Jayd that was attending me. She assured me I had absolutely nothing to worry about. As it turns out, they were RIGHT! The result was exactly what I was looking for; an even, NATURAL tan! I will, without a doubt continue to go here in the future. The results and customer care are the best you'll find anywhere!
5	Wow! Very impressed. First time client a few days before my wedding. She listened to my concerns. Tan is perfect! Natural sun kissed glow without the chemical smell. To top it off she gave great instructions on pre and post tan to keep the color and called the next morning to see if I needed any touch ups!! Can't get better than that!
5	I got tanned by Jayd yesterday while she was here in LA for a visit. She showed up with all her mobile gear and was so professional and efficient!! A few days prior to my appointment I received an email from Jayd on tips on how to prepare my skin before my tan. This was helpful because although I have been tanned before and knew many of these tips I was glad to have a refresher so I didn't miss anything! When Jayd showed up for the appointment she set up quickly and was ready to tan me in less than 10 minutes. She made me feel extremely comfortable which is a good thing when you're standing in your birthday suit in front of someone!! The tanning process was very smooth and I could tell that Jayd's technique (in comparison to previous tans I've received from others) was advanced. The morning after my custom airbrush I woke up to with a beautiful glow! I looked as if I had just come back from an amazing, relaxing tropical vaca (haha I wish!). Despite having to work before getting to shower my tan off I was pleasantly surprised to see that my tan came out even without any splotchiness. I am so pleased with the result and I will definitely steal some of Jayd's time to tan me next time she's in LA!!!
5	Jayd is amazing at what she does! I highly recommend her! I went in and asked for a dark tan, which is what I left with. The Customer Service is great. She makes you feel very comfortable from the time you go in until the minute you leave. I'm a spray tanning newbie so she told me everything I needed to know about how to get it to last. She was thorough and my tan looked fabulous, tan, and even. I'm a bit overdue for a spray tan now. I will definitely be booking another appointment with her soon.  I highly recommend this place.
5	Wow. Jayd not only gave me what I needed for my wedding, she was able to accommodate us last minute and came to our house. She was completely professional, even when dealing with my crazy family! She also put my friends to ease since it was their first time.Also, she knows all of the hookups for beauty treatments in the valley, so trust her with those!!!!
5	I had the pleasure of meeting Jayd yesterday for an airbrush tan.  She totally makes you feel at ease being in your birthday suit.  She brought me from pasty white to having a sun kissed glow in less then 30 minutes!  Her customer service is top-notch as well.  I received an email from her letting me know a few simple steps to take prior to my tan and this morning she even text me to see how I liked my tan!She will be my go-to person from now on for airbrush tanning!
5	Tonight was my first time going to Jayd and I'm so happy I listened to my fellow Yelpers and their reviews. When spring hits, I'm all over getting spray tans frequently. She is one of, if not the best beautician I've been to. She took her time to make sure everything was even, dry and natural looking. She was also very friendly and thorough as to how I should take care of my tan throughout the week. I will most definitely be using her as my "go to" gal from now on. Thanks again, Jayd!
5	I was very nervous about getting my first spray tan.  I thought that spray tans tend to look too orangey, but Jayd helped put me at ease.  Before the appointment, she sends an email with all of the tips that you need to make sure that the tan fades naturally.  During the tan, she was very attentive to making sure that the tan is even.  She also took a lot of time to make sure to dry out all the areas to prevent the tan from looking blotchy. The tan lasted around a week and looked really natural.  I would definitely recommend Bronze Buddha to all of my friends.
5	This gem of a studio space is located in the Arcadia neighborhood of Phoenix, not far from La Grande Orange Grocery & the original Postino Winebar.   The Atrium business complex hosts a number of Therapists, Family Counselors, a roofing company, two  noted Interior Designers, an affordable Massage Studio and an architect or two.  Jayd's reception area is calm and has a designer's touch.I office nearby and stopped in a few months ago to see how a custom Airbrush Tan experience would work with Jayd.  I've never had one and thought it good to know before sending my wife to Bronze Buddha Glow.  Jayd walked me through the process, start to finish and explained how important it is to prepare the skin beforehand.  A sugar or salt scrub, loofah or just exfoliating at home is needed to remove any flaky or dead skin prior to the tan.  It's also recommended not to shower for 8-10 hours afterwards.  She can also add a boost of sorts to make you even darker.After the initial conversation, I passed along Jayd's card to my wife and they set up the appointment a few weeks later.  Kate was happy with the end result and will definitely return again.
5	This is the best place to go for a spray tan in Phoenix! Very cute studio, and I felt like Jayd was as dedicated to my tan as I was. I've been spray tanned before and I did not get the detailed instructions for before and aftercare. Jayd made sure I understood everything and made recommendations to me. My tan is not streaky or uneven, it's absolutely perfect 2 days later!
5	Awesome airbrush tan! Very natural and even. Jayd does an awesome job and goes above and beyond to make sure that you are happy with the results and know how to take care of your tan. I will definitely be back. :)
5	Love me so Jayd and Bronze Buddha Glow!  I love that they offer organic and healthy tans.  Jayd provides the best customer service and the location is very private but easy to find.  What I love is that she customizes the color for you.  Being a very fair red head this is very important.  My color ended up flawless!  Jayd is my go to "glow" gal.
5	Jayd is the most talented, professional, and detail orientated spray tan artist I have ever been to. I called and left a message and she was quick to not only return my call but fit me in ASAP which was wonderful being that I work late because I am a hairstylist. I also received a detailed and informative email letting me know her location and how to prep and care for my tan. She is also very prompt on time! I love that she uses all organic as well and that goes for the after care of the tan. My tan lasted for just shy of two weeks which is incredible! I had nothing but compliments on my color and handed out all of her cards she gave me within the first week I went to see her! She makes you feel very comfortable in you birthday suit and I love how she dries your tan as she goes so you don't feel hardly at all sticky when you leave. I send all of my friends, family, clients, and brides that want a beautiful glow! For the best spray tan if your life go see Jayd. She is delightful and a doll and I can't wait to go get sprayed again!
5	After getting a custom airbrush tan at Bronze Buddha Glow I looked perfect for my event. Jayd mixed the color so well the outcome was a completely natural glow. She was very informative about before and after procedures so my tan lasted.The whole experience was very professional and comfortable. I would highly suggest getting your airbrush tans with Jayd!
5	Comfortable energy in this contemporary studio and very talented airbrush artist! Best in Phoenix!
5	Super cute space and Jayd is as sweet as she can be. She did a great job on my spray tan and followed up to make sure I was pleased. Great experience overall and I would def recommend.
