2	Update 10/2/13 - Well, they've fired all the good bartenders.  The owner's wife is nutso and it's gotten pretty ghetto here.  I haven't been back in quite a while.  She sure knows how to run a business into the ground.  :(Previous Review - This is my spot!  I love this bar.  It's my kind of place.  Just walkin through the front door puts a big smile on my face. :)Okay, so it's close to home and cheap.  What more can you ask for?  Awesome bartenders who have your drink ready when you sit down?  Check.  Good food?  Check.    My friend Shaun hosts karaoke here on Saturday which is always a good time with good drink specials.  The bar also hosts the Nevada Poker League on Tuesdays and Thursdays - live, free, hold em poker.  The owners, Kirk and Jolee are super nice and very accommodating.  Rad and Dana are my fav bartenders:)
4	Quick stop at the Neighborhood bar. Cozy and good place to cool down from the Vegas heat, watch some baseball, hang out a bit while waiting for some people to finish shopping. Seems like a friendly group of people. $10 bucket or $2 bud and budlight. $1.50 o'doul's. Read in another review $.99 drafts, I'm there next time I'm around the area
5	One of the best local bars in town. Great bar for any occasion. They have square bar with great bartenders that will have your drink ready before you sit down. If you become a regular you won't even have to order one cause as soon as you walk in its made. The food is pretty good and at a decent price. If you are into football this is the place to go. Great drink specials and card of the day specials for poker players
4	Great place to watch the games! With Santa Fe being a mad house my buddy and I went to this place to check it out because it was super close and we had been meaning to anyhow.  With football season in full gear I find this to be my new place to go, kick back, have a few beers and watch the games.  They have several TV's spread all around the bar with pretty much every game that is on.  If you're game is playing, but not on, just ask and they won't have a problem turning it on for you.  We arrive and the bar is pretty much dead with the exception of a few patrons here and there.  This is your typical sports bar environment though so If you don't appreciate the fine sound of a foul mouth and screaming guys that their buddies team sucks and the ref's are idiots, it's probably not a place you want to go to.  My buddy ordered a buck of Bud for like 10 bucks and I being Mr. Responsible for the day got a diet (she didn't charge for it, whoohoo!- yes it's the small things in life that count)  We were able to watch both our games as we are both separate teams and didn't have to stay at home watching direct TV arguing over hogging one team over the other; so it all worked out marvelously.  Didn't have any food, but I saw several other people grubbing, I'm sure it's typical bar food and when paired with alcohol you really cannot go wrong.  The staff was friendly and so were the patrons, just a little rowdy, but what do you expect- this is football were talking about here! To get that final star, I probably would have liked to see them ask me if I wanted anything, not me having to go up and request it. Really not a big, deal as I will always come back, just letting yelpers know why I didn't go five.
1	The owner was there on the evening i went. I am going to agree with the guy above she was not a good person. She without a doubt costs her bartenders tips, and customers. Too bad she is oblivious to her customers needs and anyone else in her vicinity because she really wasn't a bad looking women. Oh well next time I'll go to Torrey pines pub.
4	Good prices and food was good.
4	The Outpost is the place! Cheap drinks and great bartender! Dana always knows our drink order when we show up and always on his game when it comes to refills. Definitely the place to get out for a quick drink or a night out!
3	Great price for drinks..but bartender is a total douche and needs to get fired.
1	If I could give a big fat ZERO I would. This place is a joke. The bitch that is a co-owner likes to sit at the bar and demand all the attention from who ever is bar tending. I have named her blond possum faced bitch, seeing as how she looks like one. She likes to give dirty looks to groups of younger women who come in. One night a group of us went in and the bar tender "RADD" I am assuming its initials for ridiculous, ass, dingle,douche. He acted like it was a chore for him to refill our drinks and at one point was sitting with blond possum face bitch drinking shots w/ her. When we left my man didn't tip him and wrote on the receipt "be nicer" . Blond possum face bitch followed us out into the parking lot and asked us if we wrote this on her bar tenders receipt. We said yes b/c it is gratitude & that we don't have to TIP and your bar tender Radd was very rude.She then told us that we were 86th from the bar and I then had a bit of an argument w/ her about how Torrey Pines Pub was way better bar anyway. My sister came out into parking lot at this point to try and defuse the situation and mega bitch got into her face and 86th her as well. So my sister said fine I'm going to get my stuff so, blond possum face bitch continued yelling at her and in her face as she is trying to walk in and get her purse. Blond possum face bitch then grabbed my sister by her throat and tried to choke her. However mega bitch isn't too strong being as she only hydrates her body with copious amount of vodka and whatever dick is working behind the bar. My sister was able to knock the blond possum face bitch out with one swift hit and went in to get her purse. We are proudly 86th from the establishment. If anyone wants to go to a real bar were the bartenders know your name and have your drink poured for you before you sit down go to TORREY PINES PUB its located on the corner of Lakemead & Torrey Pines.6374 W. lakemead 89108
4	I have never really had a problem with this place. Karaoke on Wednesdays and Saturdays and Happy Hour everyday. The place is spacious inside with a pool table, a dart board, and a machine golf game. 4 Stars because it's by the house :)  Done deal!
4	This was our first time here. It's a cool place . Cheap beer and lots of sports on soo many tv's. Ted the bartender was really great. I had a cheeseburger and my friend got a pattymelt., a couple of drinks later and we are on our way for $30.00. Good place for a quick dinner.
