4	I joined Gold's Gym before it even opened in Market Square back in 2008. I saw the architectural drawings, loved it, and signed up. I have had an on-again, off-again love affair with this place, and currently we are ON! I used to work downtown, and currently work out by the airport - so sometimes getting there is more difficult, but I have a NO EXCUSE policy now!My favorite features of the gym that I enjoy the most is probably the cardio cinema. It's a darker room and one whole wall is a movie screen. They play a different movie every day and it makes the time go by so much faster while you're on the treadmill, elliptical, or bike machine. Their spin room accommodates up to 25 people, a complete stretching area on the first and second floor, a mind and body room for yoga/body flow, group class room, more cardio upstairs that overlooks Gateway Center, 3 full circuits, I mean the list goes on and on. Their trainer services are great as well. You can get 3 free trainer sessions to get yourself set up with the machines and a basic workout.I have been a member for over 3 years now and it's a great spot for fitness downtown!
5	As an update to my original post - Gold's took notice of my initial review and called me personally to thank me for the kind words and for being such a great member! It's awesome to hear from them and it just reinforces my love for Gold's! If anyone is new to Pittsburgh and looking for a health club, I would STRONGLY suggest you checking them out!Thanks again for the call, the free month of membership, and the tshirt!
5	Excellent Cardio, great staff that is efficient, superb modern equipment that allows the hardcore bodybuilder to be happy and also appeals to the general fitness population, I visited using my travel pass, when I return to Pisstburgh, I will return to this Gold's Gym  Bravo!
3	I joined Gold's Gym back in August after gyming at the YMCA downtown. For the price of the membership which includes parking (even if the times of free parking are limited) you really cannot beat it. Their operational hours make it easy for people to gym in the morning, and late in the evening if they so choose to.Some of my favorite aspects:*Free tanning*The Cardio Theater*There seem to be many classes to take (I myself do not use them but I always see them listed)*Gold's staff is always very friendly*I have never waited for a machine*Hours of operationThings that bother me:*The water in the shower is usually cold in the morning.*The locker rooms are always messy.        Dirty floors, messy lockers and just in general it doesn't seem like it's kept up regularly. This honestly is my biggest complaint.My true gripe is with the training staff Gold's has outsourced which is located on the second floor. I feel like I'm stuck inside an infomercial every time I speak to one of them, or worse, when they come up to me as I'm working out (which I don't appreciate). I understand their jobs are sales jobs, but I hate feeling pressured to buy a program at a place I'm already spending money at. Don't make me feel like I'm doing nothing to achieve my fitness goals just because I don't want to spend another $400 a month a trainer. It actually deters me from going to the gym because I don't want to deal with the annoyance.Overall this is a great gym. I do have my issues with it, however, I don't necessarily know if it would be enough to make me go anywhere else. I definitely would suggest trying it out.
2	Solid gym....but the parking situation is an absolute nightmare.  The morons that run the garage block the entrance even when they are multiple spots open.  It's beyond frustrating when I go to the gym and can't workout because the garage is "full."  If they could improve this - and also allow longtime members the ability to reduce their cost (why am I paying $40 and I constantly see offers for $20?) then I'd probably stay a member
4	I wanted to wait about a month from joining before writing a review. My initial happiness with joining this gym continues. It's reasonably priced with no required contract. The hours are very good for me. The staff are clearly waiting to be asked for help/guidance/classes but so far, I haven't felt pressured at all.I've been going mostly during my lunch hour or right after work. I've seen the upstairs with all the running and elliptical machines n'@. Not my bag, baby, but if that's what you want, you should be in good stead. I will say however that if I wanted to bike nowhere fast, the Cardio Cinema seems like a great idea. You watch a movie in a darkened theatre room while biking or ellipticaling or someusch. They also seem to have lots of classes on offer.For what this guy likes to do - bench, squat, deadlift, dumbbells - Gold's serves my purposes. I don't find there's a huge wait for the bench or squat machines and there's more than enough dumbbell sets. As for the locker room, I wish they had better hangers but there's more than enough space and rarely a wait for the showers.
2	I switched in July 2013 from the PNC YMCA downtown to Gold's.  My issue is with the staff.  More than once I had extra fees or twists in my membership come up because the staff neglected to give me all the info.  Example: today I was charged an annual fee that I was unaware of.  Not cool.Overall the equipment gets the job done.  The men's locker room is usually quite a mess and smells awful.
4	I joined here cause it was a great deal and I needed a gym that would fit my workout needs and my schedule, and it seemed as though I had found it in Golds.  So far, I've been satisfied.  The equipment is all pretty current and in good working order, and there's tons of stuff to choose from.. I've never had to wait for anything and I always get to do what I was planning on.  The second floor is a little hot and steamy and smells as such (mm, sweat), but after a few minutes, as with any smell, it goes away and you get used to it.  Lots of water fountains, LOTS of classes (yay!), spacious locker rooms.. pretty much everything you'd expect of a decent gym.  The staff leaves a little to be desired, but I can get past that.. after all, I'm not there to make new friends, I'm there to workout :)
5	I joined this gym on 5-7-14 & so far I'm happy with this place. It's clean, the staff are very friendly/helpful, & they offer a variety of amenities that are included with membership. Did I mention the membership is $19.99/month? So not bad at all for price compared to what all you get. I've noticed that there's never really a wait for any equipment ever & everybody seem to be pleasantly doing their excerises without any bothers from others... so that's really nice. ... no gym creepers. I also am thrilled that they offer free tanning with membership. I'm getting married in 3 months & I'm not waiting to look like a ghost so this amenity makes me very happy. My only bummer with the tanning rooms as they are dusty & really really really warm when you go in. Really wish they'd put some AC on in those rooms or add another fan,  but other than that they do the job. I recently went down on 5-30-14 for a free nutrition & health assessment. The gentleman that talked with me was Scott & was really nice & knowledgeable. He explained everything well & was upfront. I agreed to a personal training program & didn't think as much on my month expenses/budget (wedding in 90 days ...paying cash for it...eek).Afterward, did some number crunching only to realize I bit off a Lil more than what I could chew. Reread my contract, saw that I could bow out. Called early today,  spoke to Scott again who was perfectly nice to me about it (canceling my training program membership)...I was concerned it wasn't going to go well as I've read some great but not great reviews. Scott really put my mind at ease & even asked if there was any other reason to cancel aside from what I told him. I felt that was really awesome of him to ask that & to care about what I said. Asked if my deposit would be refunded, was told in 3-5 business days & no other charges should come up. Gave them my written notice to terminate my program & I'll send a copy to their corporate office just to be sure/safe. All in all,  I'm pleased up to this point. I'm hopeful I'll have my deposit refunded in a timely manner & Scott was so nice about everything,  no pressure at all & just decent all around. If any issues,  I'll update this post. :)
5	So here's an update to my initial review for gold's gym. Scott, the director for the personal training programs; assisted me in canceling my personal training program I had signed up for.  He was really nice,  professional,  & very timely/efficient. My refund of my deposit was sent back to me as per what was told to me & there were zero issues. I have to say,  I'm really impressed. I know this gym doesn't have a ton of glowing reviews BUT they really deserve a billion gold stars from my perspective. I will definitely be referring others here. :)
3	Really not loving the weekend hours. Weekends are when MOST people CAN get there. Can this be extended?  It's a pain in the ass to get there to see it's closed & it'd be helpful if the hours were posted on the website & here on Yelp.
2	I've been a member for almost a year.  Price is ok, not the best in the city, but location is why I go here.The 6am classes are the best - worth every penny.The cinema room is very cool.Issue comes in their billing.  Golds gym on more than one occasion has decided to randomly take extra money out of my account without notifying me.  Once it was handled by the management in house, they were really nice & credited me the month after they decided that my membership was going to be $19.99 (which was not in my contract agreement).This month, however, I spoke to Justine - who was a total jerk on the phone.  She said that they tried taking money out of my account on 4 different days in the month - which is exactly when I get paid, so I can't even explain why they said the account was declined.  Either way, they decided to go ahead and charge me a late fee of MORE THAN DOUBLE my monthly membership dues. Not only that - they never called me, never emailed me, AND when I came into the gym and they swiped my card, NEVER told me there was a problem!!!With attitude, Justine basically said 'there's nothing I can do, you have to call ABC'  some outside company that assesses the charges. So I get to wait on hold with them...I constantly have to watch over this company and make sure that I'm being charged the correct amount every month.Great gym, shady billing
