3	Note:  I've actually been to Dillon's Thunderbird as well, but I go here more often so I figured people could review this location separately if they wanted.For anyone whos ever been to Kansas City, they know theres a distinctly different feel when you goto a suburban BBQ restaurant versus an urban BBQ joint.  In Kansas City, a perfect example would be KC Masterpiece Grill (a suburban BBQ restaurant) versus Arthur Bryant's (an urban BBQ joint).  In Phoenix, we have a similar equivalent.  Honey Bear's is more of an urban BBQ joint whereas Dillon's fits the suburban BBQ restaurant to a tee.The differences between places like Dillon's and Honey Bear's lie mostly in the atmosphere.  Dillon's is a nice easy going sit down restaurant that just happens to serve barbeque whereas Honey Bear's is the type of place where there isn't much room to sit, its sounds like a crowded bar on a busy day, and the aroma grabs you right from the get go.  Each has its charm.  But for this review, let's talk Dillon's food and atmosphere.Much like their original location at Thunderbird and the 101, the Dillon's at 59th Ave just north of the 101 serves up a cozy restaurant style atmosphere with a full bar near the front and plenty of seating everywhere else (including the patio).  I've never had trouble getting a table here as this place is pretty tucked away near the Arrowhead golf course communities.  The crowd usually varies depending on the type of day, but most of the time you'll see young families, workers from nearby, and couples nearing retirement.   I've always had friendly service, but I've always been baffled by how slow service is.  Like I said, I've never seen it crowded so one would think you could get in and get a meal pretty quick, but its never worked out that way.  So does the food make up for it?Mostly.  My favorite time to come here is lunch as their lunch menu is basically the same as dinner (only cheaper) and the sandwiches usually hit the spot.  The pulled pork and brisket sandwiches are among my favorites as the portion of meat is usually just right and they throw on the right amount of sauce.  Steak fries or beans usually go pretty well with these.  If ribs are your thing, they've got you covered with baby back or pork spare ribs usually being the tried and true favorites.  The appetizers (while diverse) aren't terribly special as they're about what I'd expect to find at most restaurants (onion rings, quesadillas, artichoke dip, etc.).  I will say that the cinnamon apple dumplin for dessert is pretty tasty.Like I said, the prices are pretty reasonable at lunch.  Dinner is a little more expensive, but still not bad.  So why 3 stars?  Bottomline, its okay.  Nothing great or amazing, nothing bad or disgusting.  Just decent.  The quintessential suburban barbecue spot.  You'll leave satisfied, but probably longing for the more authentic barbecue joint like me.
4	I can honestly say that I'm a fan of Dillon's. Yeah, it's no Memphis barbecue joint on Bealle street, but it's very homely and absolutely delicious. I generally order the brisket, but the sandwiches, fish, and ribs are awesome and highly recommended. Stay away from the spinach enchiladas though. They really have no business doing Mexican food.Sit at the bar, get a drink, and enjoy the company. Anyone I've ever met in there are always good people....
5	OMFG!  Love everything about this place.  Awsome food! Sweet and attentive servers...of course our favorite is Heather!!!  It feels like home...can't get enough!!!  A must try!!!
5	THESE GUYS ARE THE BEST OF THE BEST!!! I visit Dillon's all the time, weekly for sure and sometime 2-3 times a week! Yes it's that great! You get delicious food, awesome service, reasonable prices and the Dillon's crew is oh so welcoming & friendly! I love you Rich, Heather & Joey!!! My favorite is the pulled pork sandwich & also the burnt ends with Cajun BBQ sauce, yummy! Plus they have nightly happy hour drink specials! Can't beat that, I've recommended this place to all my family & friends. They all love it too! Dillon's you rock! Thank you for coming to my neighborhood!
4	My wife and I eat out 7 nights weekly so we are choosy about where we eat.  This is another of the regular restaurants we eat at at least once per week.  The servers are consistent and the food is consistent as well.  We like the burger, pulled pork sandwich, huge fries, onion rings, chili, clam chowder on Friday and my wife likes the variety of salads.  The price is right too.  We have used their take out a few times too.
4	My wife and I have eaten here a few times. Ususally like to eat at pub tables and get their chili or burnt ends (which is their signature dish). Beans are good as well. Ate there today for a busines lunch and I was dissapointed with the burnt ends. A bit chewy today. An associate also had them (last two orders left) and he agreed.  However first time they were sub-par, so hopefully just a glitch. Will be back again.
2	Despite the tone of this review I will be going back to check them out during their regular service.How a place that's been rated  Yay! consistently could serve such uninspired  institutional dreck on Thanksgiving is a puzzle worth investigating.Regardless how good they are usually the idea that it's OK for turkey dinner to consist of lunchmeat turkey , yep not part of a single breast but some formed  sliced  close to deli meat at Fry's,excuse for a turkey.Seriously this has to be a one off? On the grocery story theme sweet potatoes, canned, no gravy,undercooked cornbread stuffing, grainy cranberry sauce  rounded off with a lacklustre dessert which was still thawing.The only saving grace was the BBQ meat / sauce itself  which,gosh, probably was made in house and I wouldn't mind more of. Service was good, despite the in-law's treating the server abruptly , and all in all it's a pretty nice  atmosphere for family dining during the day.
4	This place is great for BBQ. They even have their own smoker which is pretty impressive. I usually just grab a beer at the bar and get my food to go. There's something about the dining area that reminds me of an elderly cafeteria style room. Try the Carolina pulled pork.
4	I received a yellow post it note on my desk written in black ink.. DINNER TONIGHT @ 6 SHARP! DILLONS.... twice underlined.... that being said i must go right? we walk in and people are leaving with smiles and laughs... the atmosphere was so warm and welcoming.. I love the Decor... little cows all over the place... some with wings.. and pigs too... it was adorable! reminds me of walking into my friends grandparents house... their menu has a nice selection... :) our waitress was very bubbly and attentive... he had smoked sausage and brisket.. he raved over it... but i didn't want to try it... he had the HOT BBQ sauce.... i didn't have my tums... i had the pulled pork with the sweet BBQ sauce... oh my... it was amazing... the pork alone was so tender and just fabulous! and the awesome BBQ sauce just topped it off... their potato salad is great to.. i think they used red potatoes... which are my favorite... i like that they have a veggie of the day... that day was Broccoli... it was tasty! their bread roll was wheat.. so i was excited... but it wasn't that great.. maybe next time.... the lemon Water was fabulous as always... Over all... service ... AWESOME Food.... Cant Beat it Bathroom... Clean and Tidy Atmosphere.. homey and relaxing... I cant wait to go again :)
4	Ate there last night for dinner. I had the huge brontosaurus ribs. The flavor was great I love their Cajun Spice. The beef ribs were like all other beef ribs: a little fatty. Why in Arizona everything has to be dumped in BBQ sauce. How about letting the rub and smoke be the flavor. The mashed potatoes and BBQ beans were pretty awesome. My main complaint was that the service wasn't very good. I judge my service on if I am waiting for drink refills, if they go the order right, and if they over ask me how everyhing is.I waited for my drink twice, my girlfriend once. I ordered the mac n cheese and got mashed potatoes (too hungry to ask for the mac)She asked a couple times- not over askedI am a fan and will be back. Great food.
4	Have been going to Dillon's for years. First to their location on Thunderbird Road and more recently to the Arrowhead location. The food can't be beat. Between my husband and I we have had about 60% of the items on the menu. Everything's great. I have to tell you this place has THE BEST onion rings you will ever have. Currently you can get a half order for $1.00. Make sure you ask for a side of the "ancho" sauce with your onion rings otherwise they usually just bring out ranch dressing and ketchup. They also are offering any sandwich on their menu for $6.99 seven days per week. The sandwiches come with pickle and one side item. The Dillon's Dip sandwich is my favorite. It's a french dip served with a side of au jus and a side of sour cream horseradish mixture. The meat on the sandwich is flavorful and the au jus is not too salty which can be a problem at a lot of restaurants. The pulled pork platter is great as are any of the rib dishes. Best side dishes in my opinion are the mashed potatoes with brown or cream gravy, the baked beans, or the potato salad.   They also have daily drink specials for $3.00.   The special on Tuesday's is the margarita.   They're great margarita's for only $3.00.    The atmosphere is casual.    Great food you won't be disappointed.
4	Fantastic BBQ... Best I've had in the valley and they have an extensive catering menu available on short notice that everyone will enjoy. Service was ok but not the best... Waitress was flighty and didn't pay much attention to us, had to flag her down for requested (and forgotten sides).
3	I know I should like this place, local legends, right? But, to be honest, eh. The flavor is alright but when "Cajun" flavor simply means Tobasco flavored, I'm just not impressed. I'm not a sports guy so the televisions in the bar and scantily clad receptionists are not selling points for me. In fact, I was a bit offended that I had to cover my sons' eyes. Plus, they have the worst beer selection I have ever seen. Ever. I don't want to sound harsh, it wasn't horrible maybe I just need to try something else, but I don't think I'll rush back any time soon.
3	This place is just barely OK for us. It is 1 mile from my house. Went again last night to use our groupon and we always leave saying the same thing, just OK food and in bad need of a update. The decor is so old fashion, old lady just plain old looking its sad really. And the food, well the ribs have good flavor but are not meaty at all. I can eat a whole rack almost and I usually would be stuffed on less than half. The green beans were not cooked correctly and were crunchy and not in a good way someone needs to look up how to cook a green bean. the roll was a throw away, why even bother. The fried mushrooms are always fantastic. drink specials are nice and we do love the $3 bloody Mary's on Sundays. It is pricey for the ribs $21 full rack, so for us Bobby Q is a way better value with beautiful ambiance and totally worth the drive sorry Dillons. Also our server was great.
2	Sauce variety is so so. Ribs are tiny, even for babybacks. Other meat accompaniments include brisket (too dry for me), pulled chicken, p[ulled pork, and smoked sausage. The waitress claimed they make the sausage on site but it tasted very generic, like it came out of a hillshire farms packet from costco. The steak fries were the only side I ate and they appeared to have some skin on them but still tasted so so. There is much better BBQ to be had in the NW Phoenix area.
4	Been eating here for years. Love it. This is BBQ like back home in Missouri.Love the baby back ribs with cajun sauce. Drinks are always priced well, service is usually good. Gotta love the fried pickels too! ;)Its a homey feel of a place and this is great BBQ! Oter locations are just as good.
3	Food is decent.  I wouldn't say it is excellent.  We like going for Happy hour before hitting the movie or something.  We usually get onion rings (the best in town) and a few beers and leave for less than $10.  I am not a fan of their bbq.  They do have some great salads though, but tend to be a little $$$.  We visit every now and then but not one of our top spots.  Service does tend to be slow at this location and the Sun City West one. Not sure why-they seem to have enough workers.
4	Delicious food for a bargain!
4	I love Dillons' food. However, I think the Dillon's on Thunderbird is a little better than the Arrowhead location. The vegetables are better seasoned there and the Mac and Cheese is much better.The chicken fried chicken and the spinach enchiladas are the best.
4	Great place!  Loved the band playing in the bar....as we arrived at 9:10 for dinner as if we were Euro-Trash or something!!   I had a BBQ twosome of Baby Backs & Burnt-Ends....others in our group had beef stew (ehhh) and a Caesar Salad which was excellent.The Baby Backs were on par with some of the best in the nation....I kid you not....but the burnt ends were not even close to the Kansas CIty BBQ staple that inspired this dish......too small chunks and the sauce was overwhelming.   Baby backs again? Hell Yes!!  Burnt Ends.....most likely not.Great place!!addendum: Based on my Yelp review I received a very kind and thoughtful letter from Dillion's Mgmt.  Thanking me for my business and a commitment to bettering the dish I was not so fond of.....how many times does this happen????   Going to Dillion's the second I get back in town!  Class Act!!   Previous 3 Stars upped to 4!!!  Gotta Love an American Business committed to a HIGH standard of Customer Service.
3	Good place for happy hour - the bar is fun and they have great happy hour specials. The restaurant is pretty old school as far as it appearance but the food is good.
5	I love Dillion's. I go there once a week at least.  My kids love the Mac n Cheese... really is the best around.  The bbq is awesome and always fresh, the smoked salmon is killer the salads are great and the staff is very friendly and knowledgable. Fresh Cole Slaw here, no bucket slaw. Everything is Fresh. Alex is the best waitress. She always gets the food right and is a pleasure to have her take care of me. You can find "cheaper" but you won't find fresher and better tasting food in a very nice casual atmosphere.  I have also been to the Lk pleasant rest. and on T-Bird but the Glendale location is my fav. !    I give Dillion's of Arrowhead 9 slabs of baby back ribs out of 10.
3	My parents Like to come here, so I often meet them for lunch.This means free food for me, so the price is awesome.Service is always friendly, and the food is pretty darn good.I love a cold beer and some fried zucchini, and they have it, so that's pretty sweet.They could expand on their beer selection, that would be OK by me.Convenient location, cold beer, tasty BBQ.  Even if I did have to pay I think I would come here.
3	I really want to give more stars but I believe A-OK is the perfect description for Dillons.  We have been to some of the other locations and they are all A-OK.  Draft selection 2 stars.  Wine Selection 2 stars.  Food is between 2 and 4 any given time.  Fried pickles are good.  Service is great at the bar.  Wings on hh make no sense as it is better to order off regular menu.......mmm very crafty Dillon.  We have had the ribs which were good once and tough the other time.  Had a pulled pork sandwich with slaw on it that tasted like a salt lick.We will be back for some domestic beers and fried pickles at happy hour.
4	This is a mainly a review of the bar.  Food secondary as I drink here much more than I eat.First off, happy hour is good and lasts until 7.  Good for us folk on the west side who can't make it back from our jobs in the big city until 6.Beer selection is ok.  A few of the typical on tap and always something nice on the "guest" tap.  I do have to say that the bar tenders are pretty tight on their pours of the hard stuff.   Because of this I pretty much stick to beer at Dillon's.The bar is comfortable with a ton of TV.  Many are new, nice, flat screens.  Problem (BIG) is that they are not connected to HD.  What???  Oh how I would love to watch NFL there.  Fix the HD issue and you'll definitly have several more customers on Sundays.The BBQ is darn good.  I do my own so am pretty picky.  This also means a very rarely order it.  They do a great chicken fried steak (and chicken).  Fries are good.  Gravy, both white and brown are good.This location is undergoing a big changing of the guard right now with two of their long time bartenders 5 months pregnant.  The new girls definitely need some work but hopefully Carl, the very affable manager (did you try the velvet hammer yet?), will get them in line.  I'll give it some time.The best thing that keeps me coming back are the bar specials.  They are good all the time, as long as you are in the bar.They have a small order of onion rings for ONE DOLLAR.  The onion rings are fantastic to boot.  They also have Potato Peels for ONE DOLLAR.  This is essentially are just what they say they are, the peels of the potatoes they use for their mashed potatoes.  Most are pretty thick and they give you a great portion.  Like thick potatoe ships, kinda.
3	Service Sucked! Super SUCKED!  Barside, on a Wednesday night.  Now that that is out of the way, I really liked the place.  The chica in the knee-highs ignoring our table was annoying, but the happy hour specials were good, the food was great, the atomsphere was fun and the facilities were clean.  What more can you ask for.  Oh and the drinks were a little pricey but good pours.  We will be back, now that I know which server to watch out for.
4	I love their pulled pork sandwich with sweet heat barbecue sauce. To be honest, it's basically what I always get here. I've also tried their baby back ribs and chili and loved those as well. My favorite sides are the beans and the mac and cheese. I've been to their Arrowhead, Thunderbird, and Grand locations and have found the service and food to be consistently great.
3	Again, still looking for a restaurant to replace Dillons Grand!!! And this is not it, service was great! Manager came by at least three times to make sure every thing was alright. Just the food seems to be different? Don't know why? I have always loved their burnt ends! But it was not as good here? Other than that it was fine.
5	I have been trying to come to this place for years, but the number of cars in the parking lot & people waiting outside is a little intimating.  LOL!  I finally told my brother we are going for lunch and that is it.  Country Fried Chicken Platter was my pick for poison - Chicken was at the right thickness, batter was just spot on (not too thick and the right amount of crunchy), then the country gravy (ahhhhhhhahhh- yes, that is me singing).  I paired this poison with mac & cheese and mash potatoes.  WOW!  GREAT STUFF!  I was so busy stuffing my face, I forgot to save room for dessert.  I sat in the room by the window where the kamikaze birds hit the window, scary at first but then if the window was not there, they would be hitting me???
2	The owner/manager seems to be a psycho path. Selling t shirts right inside the door with the soliders boots and gun, with a giant "DILLONS" behind it. Wow. Way to capitalize on the death of our soldiers. What a clown. Also the whole back room is full of republican propaganda. Really really weird. I'm only giving two stars for the food, which was decent, not great, but decent. Horrendous service. She stopped by our table a total of 4 times, which included taking our order, bringing beer, and delivering/returning the check. We also had to wait about 10 minutes for her to return the check. Nothing drains your tip faster than me sitting there waiting to leave while you lolly gag around. Won't be back.
2	I was very excited when I first walked through the doors of Dillon's. The energy seemed in excess and the atmosphere was just so lively. It was hard not to get excited! With patrons enjoying food and drink all around us, I was very much looking forward to my dining experience here.We ended up sitting at the bar so we can watch the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics (which was dec). Service was very attentive and good despite the heavy crowds that night. The food itself however was pretty badtastic. I ordered the baby back ribs which is kind of what they're supposed to be known for. While the meat was very lean, it wasn't very flavorful. Even worse, I struggled with trying to get the meat to fall off the bone cleanly. And when meat doesn't cleanly fall off the bone, that is a sign of ribs done wrong. I'm willing to give Dillon's a 2nd shot and try their brisket or something else. But their baby back ribs were a big disappointment and I'd stay away from those.
4	Great for bbq, wings, chicken fried steak and happy hour! Large portions, great food.
2	When I arrived at Dillon's I had high expectations. The exterior of the restaurant looked great and there was a nice little waterfall by the entrance. I was expecting some high quality BBQ, but sadly I was a little let down.The food wasn't the worst thing I have ever had, but to be honest everybody in my party thought it was pretty gross. The best thing we ordered was the appetizer and it was all downhill from there. I knew it was bad, because nobody in my party elected to take a box home (and we almost always take leftovers back) even though all of us had only eaten about half of our plates.So I have to confess that I'm not a fan of the food here. Maybe it's just Kansas City style food that I don't like as this is really my only experience having that type of BBQ. At least the wait staff was nice!
4	The four stars is for the food and service. Now COME ON MAN! you got a regular patron drunk at the bar bothering everyone who will listen and not only are the bartender and the manager still serving him but he's going to drive home after you keep serving him, really? Simply made us go elsewhere after we ate.
2	Boot management, great food,cold beer, otherwise management doesn't know their arse from their elbow.....got told a discount vault card would be honored then as I was paying they changed their mind because they weren't sure on their own policy.......boot status....sorry passport card is only good on dining in after I asked 45 mins ago but the manager said he would "take care of it until the GM got back to him" ........lolllll never again greedy folk.
4	Enjoyed
2	I wish I could rate these guys higher.  The atmosphere is fun, but the food is just... blah.With that being said, $2 onion rings are fantastic - but everything else (BBQ Brisket, Turkey, sandwiches of all types) leave a lot to be desired.Buns are soggy, meat is tough and unflavorful, just all together not delicious-  not horrible - but not "come back" good either.  Worth a try, but you'll probably come to the same conclusion as we did.  Not worth it.
4	I really like this place, but must admit we never pay full price.  We almost always get a $15 for $30 ticket which is perfect for a table for two...after tip we are usually out of there for just over $20 with having had a beer and a sandwich.I love there Red Devil BBQ sandwich..it comes w/ coleslaw on top which is a great flavor with the hot sandwich advertised as "hotter than an Arizona summer".They have $2 onion rings which obviously isn't a huge basket, but they are really good and we get them everytime.I took off a star because the last 2 times we've been here my loaded mashed potatos have come out very cold...when I mentioned it to the servers they apologized and came back w/ a heaping bowl of potatoes...IDK if they got microwaved, but they tasted great.I've noticed that they do run a lot of drink specials (bar only) particularly during baseball games.  We need to go back and try the HH specials which we haven't done yet but it's on our to do list.
3	We had a groupon and gave it a try.  I will admit we might wait for another groupon.  Our waiter was great ...I think his name was Josh, super attentive and helpful with the menu, checked on us often.  We enjoyed the brisket and the pulled pork, the ribs were disappointing.  The Mac n cheese was good, all four of us enjoyed it as a side.  I liked the variety of sauces that came with our platter, we just weren't that impressed to pay their prices on a regular basis.If there was another groupon, I would buy it.
3	Pulled pork sandwich was awesome, the sweet heat sauce was very good, staff was very friendly and helpful, only problem I seen was it was way too warm inside for being 105 outside... Prices were reasonable also.
5	Absolutely loved the 50/50 platter. Everything about the meal was delicious even the two sides were perfect. Great meal for single guy for a Sunday night.
4	Ok I've been to Dillon's probably 20 times in the past few years but I realized that I never wrote a review???  We have been here especially more since we now live very close and this location is convenient.What do I always seem to get...even though I love BBQ I always get the fried catfish platter with Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes. I'm a huge fan of catfish and Dillion's is one of the best. Like I said before I'm also a huge BBQ fan so then wife usually gets a 2-3 meat platter with the smoked turkey and Burnt Ends when they have them. Very good and very filling sight the sides. We always get plenty to eat. We like sit in the bar area so we can watch the game and enjoy our food. Service has always been good. Dillion's is a very good local neighborhood restaurant.
3	Have been here twice with friends.Drink options are great and affordable. Dining is bad. Food is always bland and feels microwaved. No one said anything positive about their meal.Service was 4 star. Very nice waiters.
2	I'm very disappointed in the rapid, noticeable decline in quality exhibited by Dillons--especially The Arrowhead location--over the last several years.  It used to be my favorite BBQ place in town.  In fact, I used to do seminars at its Sun City Grand location.  Now it is just an overpriced, average BBQ place.  It looks like the bar became more important to the ownership than the food.  Don't do take out or you will leave feeling ripped off.  You pay by the pound depending on the protein you choose.  We paid a premium price for 2.5 lbs of meat and got about 1lb of meat scraps soaking in a plastic container filled with water.  Pretty expensive water!  I didn't recall ordering soup.  When I pointed it out to the worker, she went to the kitchen drained the water, but did not add any meat to the containers.  Do they think customers are stupid?  The worker ignored me when I complained and simply changed the subject.  I will not be going to Dillons again. Buy a couple of nice steaks at Costco or your local supermarket, you will get more and better quality meat for half the price!
5	Amazing food, Amazing service, Amazing atmosphere!  Give them a try, you won't regret it!
3	Dillons food is great. Normally the service is as well. This is not the case with this location.  Kudos to t get e chefs, unsatisfactory for your service.
2	The stars say it all. 2 Stars = Meh, I've experience better.First time here because friend knew I like good BBQ.I do, I LOVE Great BBQ.Dillon's was neither. First time there I ordered a combo platter with three (3) meats. Brontosaurus Beef Ribs - 1 single Baby Back rib has more meat on it that one of these.Sad, very sad.The brisket was bland. OK, smoke ring, but barely tasted the smoke. How do they do that?????The burnt ends were just OK.Meaty, but bland. DO they wash the smoke off?The mac and cheese was edible, but I think Kraft does a better job and that is gross.Did they not like me and not want me back as a customer?They win, I won't be back. Tooooo many other options.
1	Pretty bad. I went the other day and got a pulled chicken sandwich. The chicken was cold and dry and the bun was soggy. I think the sandwich had been sitting a while. I emailed the manager later and told them about it and they never responded. Thee pits again which is pretty close by has pulled chicken that is seriously 100x better than this place. I used to go to Dillons on Northern and they seemed to be higher quality as well. I used to get pounds of brisket to go there and never had a problem.  I think it's just this location. I won't return to this forgettable place, which is sad because I'm so close now at MWU.
2	Once again, I find myself wanting to like this place but after reading a few recent reviews I see that my view of this place is shared by several others.  Namely, the place looks a little run-down and worn.  Granted this place seems to be busy but I agree that the quality of the food was lacking even though we had very good service from our waiter Sam.  I had the baby back ribs, my wife had the half-and-half, and my nephew had the pulled pork.  My baby back ribs were just ok, and the only sauces they make are a little out of the ordinary, yet tasty.  My complaints were in the general quality of the meats, and the tenderness of the meats were lacking.  We all commented that the ribs (which should be fall off the bone or at least very tender) were something that required a knife.  The sauces, (which I'm used to mild, medium, hot, etc.) were a lineup of sweet-hot, regular and regular flavored with cajun seasoning.  This didn't appear to be a good lineup for me as I favor really hot spicy BBQ sauces (and I don't like "sweet"), like the kind Westport BBQ would provide in KC.  Additionally, none of us were "wowed" by the side dishes.  The potato salad wasn't flavorful, the coleslaw was too mayonaisy, and the baked beans were just so-so.  Sam our waiter was very kind and did a nice job of waiting on us but I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.  I prefer Bobby Q's so far for this type of fare in the valley.
4	I was there a few days ago with a large group. We had a huge table and no problems getting seated. Our server was great. She was over to the table quickly after new people arrived.  She was funny and very friendly. From service standpoint this place is great!We all shared apps. Wings were good...poppers were great. The spin dip was Amazing! I do not recommend the smoked salmon. It was very dry. Everyone else enjoyed their meals though. I would go back and try the ribs...they looked great!
4	After having heard good things about Dillon's Kansas City style barbeque we decided to try it out  today.We ordered three plate meals with sausage, pork ribs, pulled pork, brisket and burnt ends.The brisket was very good.  Not dried out.The burnt ends were cubed not sliced thin.  Great smoky flavor.  The sausage was nicely smoked, a solid good but not outstanding. The rib meat on the bone was very tender.  Not dried out.  Solid good. Pulled pork was wonderfully sweet and smoky.The fried pickles appetizer were really good.The sauces we tried were all good.  The sweet heat most representative of the spicy tomato based bbq sauce used in Kansas City.For BBQ food in Phoenix the only place I've had that comes close to this good is  Haps.Our server was warm, cheerful and efficient.
5	Kallie is awesome! Such an attentive friendly & knowledgeable server. 1st time here. Seated in 5 minutes even though the parking lot was full... happy about that since we were starving. This place smells so good from down the street so I was thrilled! Ordered their app special 1/2 off mushroom bonanza. And they were alot & delish. More than enough for 3. Cooked to perfection.  Side of ranch & spicy ranch. Shared the Brontosaurus Ribs! Full Rack of beef ribs with 2 sides. Oh wow. So so tasty. Slow cooked for real!  Juicy! Meaty! Smothered! Got sweet sauce on but Kallie brought a side of spicy... and it was perfect. Mac n cheese was  creamy w crunchy edges. Everything was fresh & cooked to perfection. Definitely will come back & ask for Kallie!
4	Enormous amounts of food. Peach salad was the best.
4	I came here last night with my wife because neither of us felt like cooking and we wanted to go somewhere new.I had originally suggested The Pitts Again, however a friend of mine advised me to avoid them and come here instead. I'm glad he did.The atmosphere felt casual, yet upscale. It was very comfortable. We started with the half order of onion rings - these have to be some of the best in the valley.My wife ordered the margarita on special. Normally on the rocks margaritas have a strong taste like they weren't mixed well and are sometimes a bit too warm. In this case it was perfect.I was surprised to see that they had angry orchard on tap so I ordered one of those.She felt like fish and opted for the fish tacos. These were very well priced and very good. The flavor and cook of the fish was perfect. The coleslaw she and I had opted for on the side was also extremely good.I ordered the brisket plate with slaw, a loaded baked potato and opted for the sweet heat sauce. It was divine. The sauce tastes sweet at first and then hits you with it's heat. The flavor is spot on.The potato was cooked perfectly - but how can you screw up a potato? I was surprised with the twist I didn't expect - red onion. It was actually quite good.The brisket itself was very well done and melted in my mouth. It was not dried out at all, just tender and delicious.I am very glad we came here and will definitely be returning.
3	First off, gals, bring a sweater or light cover up. It gets fairly chilly after a while. Happy Hour: $.50 off all drinks (not exactly a great deal). But, some draft domestic beers are $2.50. Select food menu, all day long. I was there on a Monday night at 4:30. Older crowd. Music was perfect, not loud, you could actually have a conversation. Lots of tvs. This is a good place to watch sports. Unfortunately.....one server. Place was full by 5:30. Manager was around but not helping out. Poor gal did her best to serve ALL tables. Big disappointment tonight. Usually, service is good.
2	I feel that I have been ripped off. Ordered some "St Luis" style ribs for pick up ,first of all the price when I got their was two dollars more then the online menu!!  Secondly the ribs were not St louis style they were "spare ribs" with the sternum bone still in!  I'll give them two stars for flavor.
4	You will find me here almost every Monday during football season.The happy hour menu can't be beat. I always order the onion rings and the nachos. For the price it's a steal! The nacho plate is HUGE and can easily be split between 2 people. There are plenty of TV's and it's never too busy that you can't find a table to sit at in the bar.  The staff is always friendly and personable (it may help that I'm there every week). Thank you Dillon's for always being my "go-to" bar!
3	Good spot to sit and watch sports. As far as the food...  it's so-so overall.   Brisket is ok. Fried apps are ok. Nothing to write home about. Great for the convenience if you live nearby.
5	Wow, that's all I can say! The BBQ is out of this world and the service is even better, if you can believe that. Our waitress, Alex, literally went above and beyond and had a great smile the entire time. She was knowledgeable about everything on the menu and made the best recommendations... couldn't have been better! The mojitos made by Kelly were the best I've ever taisted North of Mexico and South of Canada. You gotta check it out!
1	So, I returned a favor by taking a friend here when he said he was hungry for BBQ. My first thought was that "well-known-restaraunt-owned-by-a-guy-named-David". But we opted for a locally owned restaurant rather than a chain. We should have gone to the chain restaurant. I have eaten here once before. I figured I would give them another chance based on my negative first time review.I mean, after my bad review management replied, apologized and asked me to come back. I figured I would give them a second chance... everybody has a bad day once in awhile.OK, two bad days... different days of the week at different times...and they showed NO improvement? I will also say they actually were worse this last visit.I recently quit smoking and my taste buds are working better than my last review. So to be fair, maybe they are as bad as the last visit and not worse.On a positive note, the server was excellent and tentative. The only reason I gave them 1 star. Oh, and the $2 Onion Rings were good too.So you ask...What was so bad?1) Arnold Palmer - tasted "off". Ended up being the lemonade. It tasted like an off brand dry mix that was mixed and left with a dirty wash rag in it for a couple of days. Though I have never knowingly drank anything that had a dirty wash rag sitting it in for two days, I can imagine what said 'solution' would taste like. I opted for `traditional'  tea only. I was honestly afraid to try thier flavored tea.2) Mashed potatoes and white gravy. The potatoes were not seasoned and the gravy was watered down. mmmmm...watered down gravy on bland mashed potatoes. Arghhh!3) Coleslaw... Added salt and it was OK I do not add salt unless absolutely needed...and it was needed...and pepper too.4) The pulled pork. Tasted like it was washed with water before they put it on my plate. It was 'water' moist, not rendered fat drippings moist. I picked up the tab for the three of us and it was the biggest waste of money I have spent at a restaraunt since I can remember.I am absolutely livid about wasting my money there. But shame on me. I should have learned from my first visit and read my own review before going back!I am not one to say the positive reviews are from the owner's friends or they simply have no idea what good BBQ is, but it I were to ever do that, this would be such a place.
4	I have to say, same great food as the other location, but slightly better service. Went with the Pulled Pork Sandwich again and it didn't disappoint. One small difference; They put the slaw on top of the sandwich!  Fries were very good as well. One day I will try some of their regular entrees instead of the sandwich. If you're craving BBQ Meat goodies, and are in the area, you won't be disappointed.
2	The prime rib was very flavorful but extremely fatty. I lost about 1/3 to cutting away parts that shouldn't be eaten. The beans were beyond delicious though. The manager came out after some things hadn't made it to our table, but he never came back to check on our food as promised. The actual bbq such as their turkey, brisket, and burnt ends lacked flavor.  The server even told us after we commented on the lack of flavor(I've had deli meat similar) that since they cater to an older demographic that they didn't try to smoke their brisket or turkey much to appease them. It was an all out disappointment. Sure, they have outstanding beans and onion rings, but you truly do not get what you pay for. I guess it was our mistake for trying to have BBQ at a place that boasts they are a BBQ joint. Next time, we will just go to Rudy's. Lucky for the dog, he has some brisket and turkey coming to him. He won't mind the missing flavor since anything is probably better than dog food.
4	Great food and variable service. I hate onion rings, but love theirs! My favorite is their pulled chicken sandwich. My husband loves their BBQ brisket sandwich. Friendly staff, but slow on the upkeep.
2	My family checked out this spot for lunch on the way to the zoo. I normally wouldn't be so brutal to an obvious family-style restaurant, but they advertise it as a BBQ joint. The decor is Red Robin meets safari marine world with a huge fish tank, bamboo-lined ceiling, and mirrors on every wall to ensure you can see the fish. The menu is an odd mix of geriatric food, seafood, and bbq complete with pictures to help you order. The pictures alone made me want to promptly leave the restaurant, but I was a trooper and stuck with it.  I don't really order seafood in the desert, so I went with the pulled pork sandwich. Hospital bbq is the best way to describe my meal. The pulled pork had absolutely no flavor and the BBQ sauce was an embarrassment.  The saving grace of this meal was the mac and cheese side, while nothing of quality, tasted far better than anything else on my plate. Despite my negativity, the waitress was friendly and I liked watching the fish. :).
