5	Volcano grille is our GO-TO spot! Food is always AMAZING and the sauces are to die for!!! The two owners are the main chefs. They are true work horses, get the food out quickly, without ever sacrificing quality. They honestly couldn't be nicer too! The Spring Valley Hospital employees love you guys! You will not be disappointed if you chose to eat here, just don't blame me when you become addicted to the sauce!! Haha
5	Happy to see that one of my favorite Las Vegas places has opened back up. This is a locally owned Japanese teppanyaki sit in or take out place. I always get the Beef bowl (med rare) with brown rice and grilled veggies. They have 10 different dipping sauces to choose from. My favorites are the Hot Lava and Japanese salsa.
5	I love the Volcano Grill from it's quick and friendly service to the music and decor! The prices are quite reasonably for the quality of the ingredients! The food is always cooked to perfection! I can't get enough!
5	9/10/14  7:30 PMSame great tasting food, different location.  It's 5 minutes from our house.  My boyfriend's mom told us about this gem 3 years ago.  We've fallen in love with the experience & the food.  Very happy to find a place that we can ALL eat healthy without having an allergic reaction.I personally like to get the Bento boxes (starting $9) add chicken, steak, fried rice & grilled veggies. Their fried rice is the closest thing I'm used to for REALLY good fried rice.  It's similar to what we're used to on the East Coast. Their sweet garlic sauce is awesome,  but I enjoy the food just how it is.  They have plenty sauces to sample, I usually put a tiny bit in the cup & go up again if I like it. Sweet garlic is my favorite. The portions are right, priced reasonably & served fresh. Can't wait to go back again. Now we live closer too. I wish these guys the best of luck with their new location. It's a beautiful new atmosphere & centrally located. They deserve it.
5	We wanted to eat at a place that served better quality, healthier, and delicious foods for lunch. The food would also have to support my Ketogenic Diet. So, our best and healthiest decision: The Volcano Grille.We chose to sit in one of the back booths. We enjoyed the  atmosphere, and felt refreshed and happy when we left. I ordered the Steak with Veggies. GREAT tasting. Juicy, tender beef, Teppanyaki style. The quality was obvious:It was excellent.  It's 2 cuts above what I usually experience, elsewhere. Even in higher priced eateries, that we've been to.  My wife told me that the 'Wrap' was sooo delicious!  It's not just the 'same old same old' of most restaurants.  This was our 1st time here, at this new and better location. All those mouth watering sauces are amazing. I liked the Sweet Garlic Sauce and the Ginger Sauce.  Highly, highly recommended.  Good service was par with the food.  Excellent.
4	Taste the freshness!!! Good stuff....decent prices...nice employees....and great new location (close to home)....good luck in your new spot.......
5	Volcano Grille is one of my favorite spots to eat! Their food is high quality, fresh, and simply delicious. Both chefs are amazing at what they do and we ALWAYS enjoy what we get!! From the steak to the chicken to the shrimp, anything you order always ends up being so yummy! They have an excellent array of sauces for dipping and a wide variety of sides. It is an easy location to find and get to and it's definitely affordable!! Volcano Grille is absolutely amazing and I recommend it to anyone and everyone!!! Excellent customer service, excellent food, and an excellent environment.
4	New fave spot to hit when I'm craving some good food with Asian flare. Their sauce bar is tasty! Loved every bite.
5	This place is amazing. Tried it for the first time the other day after being told about it multiple times. The food is delicious and extremely affordable. It's a healthy side to a quick dinner or lunch. The employees are extremely nice and efficient. It's owned by two locals and one is always working if not both, and they are both extremely nice! So happy to have found a new go to place for dinner
1	I ordered a vento box that everyone was so crazy about  and that was the most horrible food ever tasted  i even spend a day at  my hotelroom  since i got food poison for all of you out there make worth your money for the price i paid i would have gone to eat at panda express at least i know that they are not pretended  to call themselves something they are not  like volcano advertise false statements like  they say they sell teppanyaki food these people  need urgently take some classes before call themselves teppenyaki chefs they do not know that is that at all
5	Fantastic people who care about great food and health. I love this place, and the sauce bar. Chicken Bowls for life!
5	One of my favorite lunch spots.  Owners care about the quality of their food and service.  Food is very fresh tasting and flavorful.  I highly recommend trying this if you have not already done so.
5	VOLCANO GRILLE IS SO YUMMY!! I was lucky enough to find them here on yelp about 2 years ago and have been a regular since. This is Volcano Grille 2.0 with a newer and nicer location as well as some new menu items.  I'm really picky about eating at places that have high food quality, and their food surpasses my expectations. My favorite items are the chicken bowl and omelette roll bowl since I have a smaller appetite, always with fried rice because it is by far the best I've ever had. I also love their steak, even though I'm not big on red meat. It's certified angus beef and you can really taste the difference in how flavorful, tender and juicy it is. Yum!Don't let this amazing local business pass your radar, you NEED to try it!
5	Yummy!My bf introduced me to volcano grille at their new location a month ago and we have been eating here one a week!The chefs are friendly and all about quality! You get what you pay for and that's why some things are additional (steak, shrimp, etc.) but it is well worth it. Today we ordered the bento--certified angus steak, grilled shrimp, grilled veggies and Japanese fried rice and a bowl--grilled shrimp, tofu and white rice. The white rice is good but I am definitely getting the Japanese fried rice next time!There are many things I love about this restaurant. The service is great, the food has no added sauce (there's a sauce bar so you can control the sauciness and the spice), the shrimp is quality (not like the ones in china town...yikes), they have outdoor seating, and taking food to go always makes my co workers jealous ;)
5	Yummm love this place! I thought it closed but found out from a friend they just moved, THANKFULLY! Their angus beef, chicken, and gyoza are my favorite. Numm numm and love their sauce bar for dipping;)
5	The food here is amazing! You have plenty of healthy and tasty options. I usually get the chicken and fresh grilled veggies. The tofu is seasoned and I highly recommend that as well. Another appealing aspect of this restaurant is that there is a sauce bar with sauces made from scratch  ranging from the always yummy teriyaki to more exotic flavors like sweet garlic and Fuji yummy. Eat here!
5	I love the yokasoba and the steak.  Its teppenyaki but without the tricks and the heavy price, but better food than any Bennihanna you will ever step foot in.I frequented the old location on Warm Springs and Tenaya and I'm so glad they moved to a location that has more potential.  What's unique about this place is that the food is so good that all their customers, ney fans, want the owners to not only succeed, but thrive.If you try this place once, you will become a fan.
5	cant say enough good things about this meal everything from the meat,sides, service were all top notch.place was clean, good music playing in the background and just a overall good vibe as i was greeted by the cook on my entrance.Yes its a little pricier then going to panda express or the like but the meat was so tender not like a piece of leather at other places,and the shrimp were big and tasted great i will be returning many times for a great meal at the volcano grille...
5	... WOW! I got the bento box with beef, grilled rice, vegetables and spring rolls it was only $9, I'm stuffed and satisfied!! I ate as much as I could and I still have enough left for a lunch tomorrow! I can't wait to eat here again soon!
5	Best Bento Box in Vegas!!! I come to Vegas just to eat here! My favorite is the chicken and beef bento box with yakisoba noodles and dumplings! YUM!!! And the yum-yum sauce is exactly that....yummy!!!
4	My boyfriend took me here one day, because it's his favorite lunch place. I can see why he likes it so much. All the food is really and tastes healthy. Healthy AND good. I usually get the bento box either with steak, chicken, or salmon. The portions are huge so make sure you don't overorder. They even have this little sauce bar type area so you can make your own sauces for your food.
5	Food is really good and guys in the back are great! The cashier was not very friendly she needs to work on not arguing back with customer when their order is made wrong..other than that will definitely go back!
5	I'm tough on restaurants because the market is so competitive, especially for my lunch dollars. I love the easy-to-read menu. It makes for simple and fast ordering. Got the bento box with chicken and wild caught salmon (I won't eat farm raised), which was a treat.It was actually too much food and I left half of the rice.The proteins were perfectly prepared. The brown rice was a little more wet than I prefer, but they just opened for the day and probably don't want the rice to dry out.Also got the spring rolls, which were wrapped like an egg roll. It was a little mushy inside, but tasty. Will try the veggies and grilled Japanese rice next time. Also tried 3 sauces, hot lava (amazing and lived up to the name), hot mustard (not mustardy enough), and ponzu sauce (not enough vinegar).But really really happy overall and I will be back.Also it was clean and liked the staff.
5	Haven't eaten here before, it was really great. I'm very happy this place turned out to be so good! My son had a tempura wrap and I had a angus steak bowl with noodles and veggies. They are super nice and very helpful when we ordered. It's like a small Teppanyaki place and we will be back often. You can tell they take a lot of pride in their food!
5	So excited about their new location! It is so much easier to get to the restaurant off the 215. I love their menu because it is simple and clean. You have your meats, veggies and sides all laid out for you. You can customize your order to exactly how you want; no wasting money of sides you don't want to eat!
5	We ordered a build your own Bento box.  The chicken and steak were both excellent.  The veggies were cooked perfectly and the egg rolls were super.  I loved the options at the sauce bar.  This is a great place to grab a quick bite to eat.  They have good quality to-go Bento box containers if you need a meal to-go.  Reasonable prices and very friendly.  We plan to return again soon.  2 or 3 outdoor tables with lots of chairs.
5	Love this place tried to go to the old one but it was closed so happy about their new location!!!
3	Fix that smell!!!!!!  Foods great, service is great, but it's a clear unappealing sewage smell that reeks when you walk in. After a while you get used to the smell so you think you don't smell it anymore but it still there. It could be something as simple as covering a floor drain but whatever it is it needs to be addressed I would've given this place five stars but with that smell when you walk in it's the most unappetizing smell. Pricing is not bad because they give you a lot of food however with all the extras it can add up pretty quickly two Bento boxes with two proteins and two sides upgrading to steak and shrimp and chicken and salmon plus one drink came to just under $30. For a quick service concept I feel like that was a little high however the quality was good the food was delicious and I wouldn't mind coming back again to enjoy it. Please fix that smell and I will be there every day
4	Tasty. Had a quick meal while visiting people in the nearby hospital. Enjoyed all the sauces.
5	Great chow and always greeted by the staff!!! They definitely know how to make great hibachi without the high end prices.  Keep up the good work guys!!
5	I love VOLCANO GRILLE so much. Very friendly staff been seeing them since they were at the warmsprings location. I always order the Bento Box, all steak; all rice. Super duper delicious, steak is so juicy and tender and omg the BOMB! I also love their new location, much more closer to me haha, i come almost 3 times a week! LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS place! Thank you Volcano Grille for always satisfying my rice and steak cravings! Onelove and see you guys soon!
