5	Wonderful! Had every kind of candy I wanted (which was a lot, mind you) except Sixlets, but apparently they had sold out and will be getting more. Anyway, I'd highly recommend this store
4	I'm a fan of any place that has Rocky Road and U-No bars! The prices seem reasonable, and the staff is really friendly and helpful.  What's it lacking? Heck, I dunno. I was looking for dark chocolate with Macademias- I would have freaked if they carried the Hawaiian Host Dark Chocolate and Macs (far better than the better known Mauna Loa brand), but alas, no.   I'd have settled for Dark Chocolate with Hazelnuts. Didn't see them, but they have a LOT of "Euro Chocolate"- they may have it. If the guy had a taffy pulling machine in the window, it would be a big crowd pleaser, but I think it'd take up too much room. I bet the permitting would be tough too.  Better to use the space for.... candy! Come on in, find a favorite, throw down your coin, unwrap, and smile.
4	i wish they had more lollipops and a sugar free section but they are limited in space!their large gummy worms are hilarious!
5	A TON of candy ... nicely displayed. A little pricey but it's a specialty store in an internet age.
3	They have a pretty good selection of candy! I like the Cadbury items best. They have a lot of candy from different countries, which is fun to browse. I wish they had a better 'bag it yourself' selection, maybe with jelly beans and sour belts and gummies, etc. Also, the staff here is very friendly!
4	It's like your own little Wonka factory on Mill Ave! Ok, so not quite as grand, but it's still a fun little shop with super friendly employees! Candy Addict has lots of your favorites and most likely a few you've never tried, plus a bulk candy section and it's all at fair prices for the specialty store that it is. Support your local shop!
5	Terrific store. Always perfect service and all the candy addiction throughout my childhood. A must visit, for any age.
5	I have a huge sweet tooth. This place is like heaven for me. They always have coupons and if you get a stamp card you get a free 1/4 pound after you buy five. They have all the candies you used to love as a kid. They also have chocolate, PEZ, salt water taffy, and pretty much any other candy you could think of. This place is a guilty pleasure of mine, and I will continue going back when I'm strolling Mill Avenue.
3	The selection here is comparable to any other average candy store out there. The prices are obscenely high and the selection isn't great. However, the customer service here is awesome. They aren't afraid to throw recommendations your way and you can tell they really enjoy working there. Because of this, I find myself going in here more often than to their competitors' shops. Though I'd rather purchase my candy elsewhere, Candy Addict is an A-OK shop to frequent when my sweet tooth is aching.
5	I like the Candy Addict. It has the best selection of bulk candy anywhere around - and good stuff, not silly childish stuff like the Fuzzgigz or whatever in the malls. They have a great selection of older candies as well. It's a nice treat after lunch there to get a little bag (have to make sure I don't go overboard) for snacking on.  The staff is always friendly and the facility is laid out pretty we-- and is easy to browse.
5	Let's get one thing straight: I love candy. I *heart* it. We have a long storied past. A kind of "push me, pull you" sort of relationship. But I was on vacation. And there are no calories on vacation. Everyone knows that, right?My personal favorite thing about the Candy Addict is the bulk section. Not only are there the usual suspects (Smarties, Tootsie Rolls), but you can mix and match the cool stuff, too! Coconut Longboys, Slo Pokes, Chic-O-Sticks, Mini Charleston Chews, Zotz. I like variety and I appreciate that I could get it with the good stuff. CA's also got some international candy (I can get behind Crunchie and Aerobar availability) and a huge selection of taffy.You can bet you bulk candy bags I'll be back here next time I'm in town!!
5	The workers there are very helpful and sweet. They have a huge selection of saltwater taffy and sugar free. There bulk selection is awesome. Love the fact that everything is wrapped. Nice Pezz area too. Prices are higher the gas stations but it's a candy store not a gas station so understand able. They are my favorite out of all the candy stores I have been to. And the prices are better too. I recommend checking in if you have foursquare. Best place EVER.
4	Great selection, great displays, friendly staff and, well, CANDY!I won a couple gift cards from here, and brought in my mom and her husband after we had lunch at Monti's. I thought the visit would be primarily for him - as he loves candy. And I was prepared to use part of my gift card funds to buy him a candy or two.Then mom found the sugar free wall.  And went nuts. All of my gift money, plus some of her husband's cash to cover her haul.Granted, I have just had a couple pieces of the salt water taffy - and appreciated the variety of bacon candy they have. Because, you know, everything is better with bacon. Overall, I am not a huge candy fan. But this store does it right, and when I'm in the area and in the mood, you can bet I'll be here!
5	This might be my shortest review. This place has Zagnuts and plenty of them and they are only $1.39 each (some places charge $2). If you like zagnuts, which are crunchy peanut butter and toasted coconut you know that these aren't sold in gas stations or normal places. Luck was on my side as I wandered into the addict. Zagnut lovers unite!
5	Do you remember all the cant through out history?  Well, they do!  This is definitely the place to shop if your a "Candy Addict".  And even if they don't carry some off the wall you're looking for they can special order.  Can't get much cooler than that.  If you have a sweet tooth, this place is recommended.  Conveniently located a block and a half south of the 3rd St & Mill Ave Metro stop.  Easy to make a candy run while on the way to of from down town.
4	Candy Addict is a nice place to stock up on all of your favorite candies. They have a great selection, including things you might not find in your everyday store. For example, you can get every flavor of Snickers/M&Ms and they even have the elusive Big League Chew. You can buy packaged/boxed candies or loose individual candies by weight. There are coupons/bonuses given if you spend more than a certain amount. This place is worth stopping in just to see and remember all of the candies you had a child. You are likely to find at least one or two sweet things to take with you.
4	Candy heaven. This is the best way to describe Candy Addict. Situated right off the busy streets of Mill Ave, this candy shop is perfectly placed because it's embedded right in the middle of all the action. The candy gets a little pricey but they have a nice selection and unique brands. It's definitely worth every sugar filled penny!
4	Sweet!Nice shop and staff.  They have candy for kids with animals, Hello Kitty, and superheroes.  They have chocolate from the UK and even Turkey.  80s candy? They have some.  But wait, there's more: For a limited time, buy $10 in candy and you get some free salt water taffy!Seriously, this is a fun little shop to get a fix for those of us with a sweet tooth.
5	Such a cool store! Great customer service!
4	Cool little shop with unique candies, and a plethora of equally saccharine Hello Kitty items. They have British chocolates such as Yorkies, Aeros, and Crunchies, old-school candies such as Chick-o-Stick and Bosco (In chocolate bar form), as well as delectable modern chocolates from Vosges Haut-Chocolate. There's a good selection of sugar-free candies as well. Prices are a little high, but you're paying for the nostalgia and unique nature of the candies. I picked up some hard-to-find cherry and peach sour patch candies, and Haribo lemon-ginger gummies. The total was around $6. In general, a cool store to browse in and buy some sugary treats.
4	It's hard to walk down Mill and not pop into this place for a few white chocolate truffles. They have a huge selection of candy, including some that I haven't seen since I was a kid. The shop is charming and the staff is wonderful.
5	A bit pricey, but one of the best collections of sweets I've ever seen. They have struck a good balance between standard stuff you'd find at the supermarket, international items which you won't see, and old timey sweets which are just plain cool. No matter when you were born, you will see familiar sweets from your childhood!On shelving circling the shop, you will find a whacky assortment of lunch boxes (many of them hello kitty), plush toys, and souvenir paraphernalia from TV shows and film. The collection which is all for sale has never been the same any of the times I've been there so it leads me to believe that collectors are picking them up and they don't stock more than what you see on the shelf. If you like candy and you like nostalgia, you will love Candy Addict. Grab a plastic sand castle pail on the way in a fill it up to your hearts desire. My favorite finds in there are a toss up between the KISS plush toys and the caramel covered marshmallows that they keep on the front counter in a glass jar. Run don't walk.
3	Interesting little candy shop. I think their selection of salt water taffy is excellent, but the rest of their candy is pretty average. You can find a lot of the chocolates and sweets at various grocery stores if you look closely enough.The store is very cute, and if I'm craving salt water taffy again, I'll definitely stop by.
4	Size matters. The sheer variety of the stock here makes up for some of its vagaries in stocking.In recent months, there's been a shift away from retro candies and toward the kind of candies that look imported and exotic but actually are widely stocked by supermarkets. (Since Smeeks also cut back on retro candies, I'm wondering if the concept is more beloved than the actual-buying-that-helps-pay-the-rent.) So lots of familiar names like Lindt and Vosges now appear. The bins have also scaled back on the retro and even dumped the livelier Brachs offerings, though the saltwater taffy selection remains large. Prices are slightly higher than the same products at Safeway or World Market; but if you're for some reason stuck in downtown Tempe (which you might be, if you're at a conference at ASU) or if you've had too many beers at the many Mill Street bars to remember what Orbit circles a grocery store, Candy Addict is RIGHT THERE and you can stagger in and buy candy that will impress people with its overall coolth.So it's worth popping in to see if there's anything you want.
3	Great selection of candy, but really sad they no longer sell Baskin-Robbins sugar-free candy. If you're looking for Arizona cactus candy, scorpion lollipops, etc. they have those here!
5	This was one of the best things I got for Valentine's day last year. Every month I was excited to get my box of candies! Very reliable and a fun gift! Thank you so much! Candy was gummy bears and always delicious and soft. MMM! Thank you!
5	What a fantastic candy shop this is! This place has any candy you loved in the past and currently love.  I was impressed by how many different things they had and then I saw they even had a lot of the British candies including smarties, toffee crunch, yorkies, buttons and dairy milk!I also love mambas and usually buy a pack and only eat 2 of the 3 colors and here you can get individual pieces of your favorite colors!They have a lot of taffy, licorice, flavored tootsie rolls, those big lollipops you get at Disneyland and so much more I can't even remember.I don't care for chocolate so I can't say what I noticed on those lines.  The gal working tonight was also very nice also.  I do love sweet factory and sour candies and would have liked to have seen more pick n mix type of things that included that, all of their pick n mix stuff seemed to be in individual wrappers.
4	They carry Seattle Chocolate Bars.  That gives them an extra star.  Great customer service the day I went in.  They have a nice selection of candy, but I think because the space is small, they don't have as much as I was expecting.  Sweetie's is a much larger location, so if you really want to stock up, I'd recommend them.  Otherwise for a stroll down Mill Ave and and want some candy this is good place to check out.
