5	I tried True REST for the very first time yesterday after doing some extensive online research. I don't suffer from any pain luckily, the main reason I was drawn to the idea of floating is the detox benefits and the intense relaxation it provides. I am always so stressed out! To be able to go into the float tank, pull the lid down, and float in complete darkness was totally euphoric to me. My body relaxed almost instantly. The soft music that plays at the beginning and end of your session really sent me into a lovely, dreamy coma. To be honest, I was a little disappointed when my session was over. I know a few people have mentioned that they get bored after laying there for an hour.. but I was enjoying it so much that the time flew by for me!I was a little afraid at first of feeling claustrophobic inside the tank. However, once I got in, I didn't feel that way at all. The tank is quite large, and knowing I could easily open and close the lid was comforting to me. I spent half of my float with the lights off, and then half with them on. I enjoyed watching the gradual shift of colors as the music was playing, it was beautiful.The only difficulty I had was trying to keep my mind still and focused on my breathing. I kept thinking about things I had to do later on that day, if I had remembered to feed the dog on my way out, etc. As I was leaving, I explained this to Danny, the sweet and informative counter guy at True REST, and he suggested that when this happens, let the thought in your mind run its course, and then let go of it.  When my session was over, I felt extremely relaxed, almost in a daze. Sitting down and enjoying a cup of tea in the waiting area allowed me to gather myself together so I could drive home safely.  ;)I ended up signing up for a membership because I most definitely want to float again. To get all the benefits, you must do it regularly.  I've been telling all my friends about True REST! I think it's an amazing practice that needs more recognition. If you're considering trying this, please do! You'll be so very glad you did.
5	I think it helps to do a little research online and get an idea of what this floatation tank stuff is all about instead of just walking in and jumping in head first. You are laying in a tank of Epson water, if you want to spend the entire hour focusing on the fact that you're in the dark, naked, lying in water, it's weird, and you're spending money on it, then you probably won't get much out of it. Google "isolation tanks" and "benefits of Epson salts". Also, check out a few YouTube videos, especially from Joe Rogan http://y2u.be/KeqmKwsvM58. Like he says, "LET GO". I go into the pod thinking "this is mind and body therapy" and letting my mind relax and wander. I take advantage of the oxygen bar before and after if possible. I also take a long hot shower before and after the float. It is good to clean off all of the body's oils and get real clean before going in and washing the Epson water off after, and hot showers just feel good! I also relax and slow down my thoughts, start taking deep slow Yoga type breaths before the float, and focus my thoughts on drifting off out of reality for a few. John C. Lilly, a medical practitioner and neuro-psychiatrist, developed the flotation tank in 1954 use to take psychedelics like LSD and Ketamine before going in an isolation tank. I am not sure this is such a good idea to experiment with hard hallucinogens at a place of business / public place but an interesting idea.Getting in the tank I feel like Mork from that 70's show Mork and Mindy when he comes to Earth in a big white egg (pod), http://y2u.be/EbEBErvW-Uc HA! I have found that the first 10-15 minutes I am still a little distracted on the whole laying down in a pod experience. Then after 10-15 minutes I start to wander off and trip out a little about whatever is on my mind and sometimes have had dreams, but not sleeping, so I still remember everything when I leave. You know when your session is over when the water filtration kicks on like a waterfall / alarm clock. I have always left the spa feeling calm, relaxed, and de-stressed.It is hard at first to be awake and not take in any audio, visual, and touch senses. The music may seem like a good idea but I like the idea of giving the senses a break from outside distractions, so I go without. I try to embrace the fact that I don't have to focus on those senses and let my thoughts run wild. Think about it, ever met a blind person and noticed that because of sight loss they have a very acute sense of hearing? Well what about loss of sight, hearing, and touch? The mind can relax and focus on other processes like inner thoughts, ideas, dreams, or if nothing else just take a break from the everyday sensory input.It would be cool if True Rest had an unlimited monthly package for under $100 so I could go more. But, compared to buying my own tank, finding a place to store it, maintenance, buying 1,000 lbs. of Epson salts every 6 months, and running water and electricity to the pod all day then I guess the package prices aren't too bad.The staff have always been kind and courteous. I usually bring my own towel to save a few bucks and my iPod / headphones to listen to some chill music while watching the fish tank at the oxygen bar before and after the float. Float... float onnnnnFloat onnnnn, float onnnnn
5	I got to go float with my wife and daughter as a birthday present. My original gift was going to be a pedicure and I am glad I got this instead. We checked the company out online and got to see what floating was all about. We went there and were greeted by Brittany; she was very helpful and went over all the benefits that we would get from floating. We all went into our rooms took our showers and and got cleaned off. I got into my pod and closed the lid and it was amazing that I could float and relax right away. I turned off the light and then the music came on. I float myself in total relax mode and drifting off to sleep. I find that if you use the neck pillow you will be better off. Once I was near the end of my float; I starter stretching in the water and I got out showered off and sat in the lounge and could find myself drifting off in the chair. I drank about 4 glasses of water afterwards. All in all I would recommend this to anyone that has some pain, or high stress in their life. True Rest is a definite winner
5	Super clean, friendly staff, and a good $deal with the first timer and membership pricing.  I did a lot of reading about float tanks before trying it and I loved the Isopod.  Although I was only at about pain level two when I started my first float, I had no pain when I finished.  And it lasted until the next day, when, of course, I overdid it by painting my niece's living room lol.  I only wish I could have one at home in PA.
5	Different floats for different folks...I first came here when they were in their north Scottsdale location, but now that they're in Tempe it more convenient and way closer.I have to say my very first float was odd for me because it's such a new experience that you may get a little restless because you're trying to figure out how you're suppose to feel and if you're doing it correctly. I was doing it in hope it would relax me and help me with some muscle soreness as I was training on my 1st half marathon (which I beat my goal time BTW).Well right now I'm gearing up for the PF Chang full marathon and I just had a recent midday float and it was one of the best so far. I came in already really sore, but I had also had a hard workout session earlier in the morning, so needless to say I was pretty tired.I got prepped up and got into the pod and I like total darkness, so the lights were out. I  just let my mind go and knocked out. I fell asleep and had a really nice power nap and woke up feeling great. I did notice some soreness dissipate in my legs from a long run I had a few days ago, but overall I woke up with a sense of being "refreshed". I seriously felt rejuvenated from a physical and mental standpoint. Some people may complain about their 1st floats because they, like me, didn't know all that they were getting into, but just do a little research and ask the wonderful staff questions. I know why I float and it may not be the same reason as someone else... Like it says at the top of my review "Different floats for different folks..."
5	We have only had one float session so far but have to say that the staff at True Rest is really great. I have a feeling that the staff floats often as well due to the fact that they are really serene and courteous.The floatation session we had was a truly great experience. I wont go into as much detail as some of the other posters but I was sad when the hour session was up and the lights and music came on in the pod as I had not been in that relaxed a state as I was in the pod in years. Looking forward to future sessions and we have already made a decision to move forward with one of the membership packages.
5	Read about it.  Go for it.  I recommend this to anyone and everyone...if for nothing else, an amazing unique experience.  The gentleman (forgive me, I forgot his name, Amir..Amit..?) was informative, funny, and pleasant.  Thank you!
2	Ok so, I hate to be the voice of dissent but... this was not the experience for me.  While the black hair guy at front was very nice and the newbie video was funny, laying in an egg of salt water for an hour is apparently not my cup of tea.  I didn't even make it through the hour before I had to get out.  The first 30 min were cool... I drifted off into a tranquil state but then I heard a 'thump' from somewhere that woke me up and I couldn't get back to tranquility.  There were other glitches, too.  My joints literally creaked... snap, crackle, pop, for days afterwards.  And, they had ear plugs that I didn't use (they were optional according to the initial tour), and now, my ears have been 'squeaky' for 6 days.  Every time I yawn, burp or do any kind of weird jaw movement, I can feel it in my ears.  :-/ Weird.  When I went in the next day to ask about the feeling in my ears, a light haired guy behind the counter said he didn't know what to do for it because he floats with no buds all the time and everybody must just be different.  Oh, ok.  Thanks.  So... while it may work for some, it may not be for everyone.  Other thoughts... wow, it's kinda pricey.  If you're not a member, it's $70 a float.  My friend gifted the experience to me but if I'd have paid $70, I'd have been pretty disappointed.  One thing I noted about the other 10 good reviews and 5 filtered... they're ALL 5-star and ALL from people who don't Yelp much.  Most have under 20 reviews and all have under 30.   That's not trustworthy to me.  They're also pretty evenly spaced... March, Feburary, January, Dec, etc.  That's odd and raises an eyebrow to their validity.  If they are promotional Yelps, someone was smart about it and put some work into it... likely because Yelp caught on to their first 5 attempts.  Hope my ears even out soon.  If you're still that earthy spirit who might enjoy the experience, wear your ear buds.  Won't see ya there.
5	I believe in natural health and healing. For years I have used and recommended to clients long soaks in Epsom Salt baths - the benefits to your sore tight muscles and for relaxation and pain relief. These FLOATS take relaxing from this fast paced high stress world to an entirely new level. So GOOD!
5	Don't even know where to begin, I absolutely love everything about this place!True REST is hands down, the most relaxing, peaceful, euphoric experience anyone could take part in. From being greeted with a smiling face at the door and welcomed into the center, to experiencing a whole new realm of possibility within your own reality inside the pod, to finishing your experience with a nice wind down at the oxygen bar. Every aspect of True REST is worth the money! At least take the time (60-90 minutes) out of your day to try it out, and if you are even the least bit open-minded you will not regret it!! :) 5/5
2	Went to TrueRest on Saturday and used a Groupon I had purchased.  After a 5 minute cheesy but kinda funny intro video, the 2 other newbs and myself were shown to a pod room and given a rundown on what to do.  We were then escorted to our rooms.  I will say that the float itself was kinda interesting.  I imagine if I were floating in the Dead Sea in Israel, it would be similar to floating in the pod.  After my float, I showered up and got dressed, I went to head back to the little oxygen bar area to chill for a little while, partake in a cup of tea and maybe try out the oxygen (for an additional fee).  But the 4 seats they have in that little waiting area were taken.  So I just headed back up to the front, checked out, and left.  Now according to the website - "Salt can be corrosive to clothes, but is great for skin and hair."  Well it was horrible for my hair (which is thick and curly).  I had to stop by my salon because after my float, my hair was fried.  All of the moisture was robbed from my hair and it was a hot mess.  Even after my hair guy got my hair washed, conditioned and gave me a good dose of Moroccan oil, my hair still feels dry and dull.  I'd hate to say it but, maybe there should be a disclaimer on the website, "if you have ethnic hair..the salt is going to trash your hair."With chronic knee (from my surgery in 2011) and shoulder pain, I had hoped this salt float would help alleviate my pain.  My shoulder hurts worse than it did going in, my knee has been creaky, and I've had 2 migraines (I rarely have migraines.  And I drink plenty of water, at least a gallon a day).  So all in all, I've felt like sh*t since my float.  Would I float again, probably not.
5	Great place to float!Very relaxing.I have had a few mind blowing experiences here.
5	True rest bring innovation and natural healing to the desert. I am blessed to have been recommended by a friend to see them. I do really enjoy it.
5	This place Rocks! First of all I really enjoy the whole floating experience. I find it very relaxing. I always leave True Rest very relaxed and stress free. And the staff is very friendly with a great location close to the freeway.
4	I was a first time floater, and had no idea what to expect. The staff was warm and friendly and helped tremendously. I really enjoyed my float, but I don't think I would pay full price for this service. I used a groupon and would only buy this service at a discount. It's an interesting, very restful sensation.
5	Have you ever wanted to feel like you were flying,  or feel like George Clooney in Gravity and float in space with zero gravity? What about letting all stress, and worries go away and letting your mind be free?The best part is, what if you can go home that night and have the BEST sleep in years.All of these are possible at a place I discovered called True Rest relaxation in Tempe.It's completely different than any relaxing spa, including a massage! No strings, no magic positions here. It's total relaxation, by floating. Yes, I said floating.True Rest is the true deal in relaxation! I discovered this place on line, while visiting my parents in Phoenix.  The customer service was awesome!  The guy gave me great guided tour, thoroughly explaining everything about the place, and then had me watch a very entertaining introductory video on what I can expect during my True Rest experience.I was soon taken to my "launch pad quarters" where I saw my pod for the first time. After giving me a couple more pointers, the gentleman left me in the room.I prepared for my "journey" of relaxation, with a shower ( that's in my quarters) and then I gave the pod a final look over... I think it was more of a stare. Possibly questioning myself if I made the right decision by doing this.Fully naked, I stepped into the white egg shaped like pod. It had 10 inches of water, warmed to my body temperature, and contained some 2000 pounds of salt. As I started to get myself comfortable for this "journey",  I was already realizing that I was floating in the water.  Within seconds, relaxing music started and I reached for the pod lid and shut it.Inside this pod, multi colored lights changed the colors of the pod walls, which I guess relaxes your brain, the music was getting softer. I decide to turn off the lights.Soon the music ended and it was totally silent.Now in pitch dark, total silence, I realized I AM really floating, flying, having a zero gravity experience.What a journey I was on.Time seems to stand still while you are in this capsule.I am not sure if I reached total relaxation, but I definitely experienced a "trip like state".Your mind can play tricks on you and during my hour journey, I experienced some of the following; lights still on, even though it was pitch dark. The entire solar system in space, and when I reached out to touch a star, I hit the top of the pod, but I could still see the stars beyond my hand.  I felt lots of movement, like I was flying, but I never moved. I really did feel like Mr Clooney in outer space. As for relaxing ... I know I never went to sleep, but after I exited the pod I felt like I had a 3 hour massage.   I was on a high, a euphoric state... Totally relaxed and chilled.I went home and got into bed around 930.I woke up the next day at 8.That night I had the best sleep I have had in years with vivid, strong, memorable dreams.  As I write this, some 20 hours later, I feel years younger, full of energy and calmness. Float therapy, at True Rest, was new to me, but now is the "holy grail" in total and ultimate relaxation.
4	I had some preconceived ideas (just like anybody who saw Altered States) but I didn't quite crack the secrets of the universe or see through time like I was expecting. It's been a few days since my float and I'm still trying to process the strange but very positive experience.We arrived early and were given tablets to fill out our first-timer forms. Yay technology! We then watched a funny little introductory video followed by a brief tour. When the time came, we and our fellow aquanauts (yeah I said it) were escorted to our pods and given instructions. After a warm shower I entered my pod, closed the hatch, turned off the light, and floated.I have an active mind and it took a long time for it to slow down. I never really reached Nirvana, but at least I was able focus on me floating and tune out the rest of the world. About halfway through I was done and ready to get out, but I stuck with it and I'm glad I did. It's hard to actually let go, but I finally did. I hadn't even realized I'd been holding my head up and when I just let it bob I felt much better. First I felt like I was rotating counter-clockwise then switched to clockwise, but I wasn't really moving at all or I would've hit the sides. That bottle of fresh water is your friend, keep track of it. Some water dripped on my eyes and I was able to spray it away. When the music came back on then the lights, I sat up and just sat there for a minute. When the filters kicked on I got out, showered, dressed, and made my way to the prep room to put on my shoes & brush my hair. Epsom salt might be great for your skin, but my hair was like straw until I showered the next day. I then retired to the little lounge area and reunited with my friend. I must have taken a long time in the shower because the other couple had left so I couldn't ask them about their experience, but my friend and I compared notes. While he managed to doze off a few times he now felt great and was full of energy, I was relaxed and just wanted to chill out a bit. I was also pretty dehydrated but thankfully there was water and complementary herbal tea to enjoy. Hydrate well before floating.Monica, our float specialist, brought us our gift bags and sat with us for almost an hour. We had the most meaningful conversation I've had in a long time. I can't remember the last time I connected with someone on such a level. That was definitely the highlight of the evening.I will probably go back after the holidays and get a membership. At first it seems expensive, but it's really about the same as a massage. I think it takes a few tries to get in the groove. I really appreciate that there was no pressure to buy, just an offer of what was available. There are also some free services such as meditation classes and movie nights.
5	I love my job, but it requires 10 sometimes 12 hours of typing at a computer per day.  After a while, my poor posture and repetitive typing movements catch up.  Worst problem is tennis elbow pain from inflamed nerves running from the elbow to wrist.  I found years ago a somewhat regular float in Epson salt would ease and eliminate this painful condition.  I just keep forgetting the lesson when the pain goes away.The general idea of a spa was a bit too foo foo for me.  Reading about the benefits of flotation tanks online was interesting though.  On my first visit I was surprised that most of the customers I saw were guys.  Looks like the amateur athlete crowd has discovered this place too.  It helps that each pod has a ton of dissolved Epson salt (magnesium sulfate) in the water.  No secrets here.  Folks have known about the anti inflammation properties of Epson salt for many times longer than I have been alive.The sensory deprivation thing is the strange part of this experience.  First, you can leave the lights on, music on and lid open.  But, you can also turn off the lights, music and close the lid to be surrounded by body temperature water,  no pressure or air movement.  It took me three trips to actually get comfortable with this.  Any little movement causes you to drift into the tank wall.  With time, you can learn to be still.  It is a bit weird to stop feeling hands or feet.  With no pressure or temperature change to report, the nerves just get quiet.  I found myself wiggling a foot or hand every now and then to be sure it was still there.  This is actually the point of sensory deprivation.  Give the brain a break from the huge amount of nerve input daily living produces.  I actually don't care much about what the research studies on brain waves show.  Floating in a quiet tank listening to your breathing and heart beat for an hour is less stressful than any part of my day.  I have this continuing thought that the staff has locked up and gone home forgetting I am still in the tank.  Time gets really hard to judge.A few tips.  You shower before getting into the tank.  Dry your face before getting in.  While floating, if little drops of shower water run down your forehead or cheeks into your eye, and you try to wipe them away with your now extremely salty hand, well, you will only do that once.  There is a spray bottle of fresh water in the tank to wash the salt water out of your eyes.  If you have any paper cuts or abrasions, you will remember them immediately after getting into the water.  Vaseline is provided to coat any cuts to prevent the burn.The lights come on and music plays at the end of the hour.  Plenty of time to slowly come back to reality.  If you stay too long, the rinse cycle starts.  The water is filtered to 1 micron between uses.  The high salinity keeps the water sterile.  The whirlpool effect is not intended to be part of the experience.You shower after getting out of the tank to get the salt off.  Waterproof ear plugs are provided.  If you don't use them, be sure to rinse out ears and everywhere else to avoid salt crystals from forming.   Not a problem, but strange to have white crystals falling out of your ear the next day.If you are a control freak that is in constant motion, you may not appreciate this service.  It would be excellent for those type of people if they can hit pause for an hour.  At best, it's really good for you.  At worst it's very relaxing.It takes a lot to separate me from my hard earned money.  The no contract, cancel any time monthly membership saves quite a bit on the retail cost.  They have used Groupon in the past.  Groupon discounts save quite a bit for the first visit.  Keep in mind that you probably won't be fully comfortable the first time.  Give it two or three visits before deciding.  Each time will be better.It's a popular place so reservations are the best idea.  You could luck out and find an opening by dropping by or calling.  I'm usually not that lucky.  You can check the reservation calendar on their web site.Keeping me in shape to work lots of overtime is the cost effective result of several visits a month.  Glad I found the True Rest float spa.
5	This is the most relaxing place ever. Amir was so friendly and genuine and my back felt way better after just one treatment. I am definitely going back there soon. Highly recommend this place.
5	Both Monica and Kendra were so helpful and polite! The float pod was clean and relaxing. Oh, and have some tea after...it was so yummy. I also did the chi machine ...ahmazing...definitely worth the extra money!!
5	I had my second float today. I do believe I am hooked! I left feeling very relaxed. I was warmly greeted and immediately shown to my "room". She explained the features of the pod I was using.I was able to calm my mind and even slept a little, I think!  When I emerged, I felt very relaxed and refreshed.The experience overall has been very good.  I am going to continue to use True REST float.
5	I personally did not do a float but I accompanied two others that did. They loved the experience, but I can't judge on the float itself, just the atmosphere. The spa itself is very clean and clear and welcoming. It has a nice fishtank, nice minimalist furnishings, is very "zen" and looks nice. They have a great oxygen bar/lounge room, a room for introducing their video and what float spas are, etc. The float rooms are very professional- towel/clothes racks, showers, tiles, safety pool "rugs," etc. They even have a little vanity room to freshen up after you do your float. Steven helped us for the most part and he was extremely helpful and very nice. He is a great person to be helped by and work there. They charge for their chi machine (little massager/spine-moving thing in their community den where they do meditations, events, movies, etc) but he allowed me to use it and take advantage of the den while I was waiting for the two floaters I was with. They even gave us little epsom salt gift bags, event calendar and more info.Overall, great place. Steven was EXCELLENT and made me feel like I should try floating next time, but didn't force it down my throat, ya know? I have anxiety and claustrophobia which is why I didn't try it with the others I was with, but he let me know different options for people like me. :)Will definitely go back, recommend and hopefully try myself one day!
5	Awesome awesome awesome. Atmosphere, service and overall experience is definitely 5 stars. Plus it's really easy to rack up points which turn into store credit to buy teas, salt lamps, or even more floats. This place rules!!!!
5	There are three huge pluses to True REST... the staff, the facility, and the actual float session.First off, the staff is phenomenal. So informative, helpful, relaxed. You can tell they are passionate about floating and their business.Second, the facility. It is calm, gorgeous and CLEAN! The pods are perfect temp, air is perfect temp (unlike out-of-town places I've been to.) The pods are smaller than some I've seen, but I LIKE that! There is still plenty of room to wiggle if you need to.Third, the actual float.... just amazing. Like nothing I've ever experienced. I felt relaxation in areas I didn't realize were tense (such as my abs!). I initially came in with a groupon, and ended up signing on to a monthly plan because I was so excited! The staff did not treat me differently as a groupon customer, and also did not pressure me in any way to sign up. All around awesome!
5	I have floated 3 times now.   When I went in for first visit, I was extremely sore from softball games two days earlier.  Just about all of the pain went away by days end after the float.  I was extremely impressed with the fast results and my body's response to the float.  Mentally, it was just as beneficial.   I was able to go into Theta sleep (the twitching phase) in my 3rd float.  Extremely meditative and all over feel good experience.   I continue to go to True REST float spa.
5	Instead of imbibing yourself with relaxing music or other frequencies you find agreeable.   Be quiet and listen to your breath and feel the frequency of your self.
4	I took advantage of a Groupon to try this out. Happy I did! You sit thru a short video prior to first float and then they take you back and explain things in more detail. You take a quick shower/wash your hair and get in  I must mention, I did have a VERY hard time trying to close the "lid" of the pod!! I have nails, and it takes alot of strength to move it down. I had to reach up and close it from the top,while trying to balance in slippery pod,this was difficult, as I am a short woman! Once closed, I settled in to relax. It took some time,but I was finally able to settle down and enjoy the calmness. Felt wonderful afterwards, and look forward to going again soon! Would recommend you give it a try.
4	I like this place a lot! I primarily go here for the sensory deprivation tank experience. It's super relaxing. They also have an oxygen bar and complimentary tea. If you use the newer tank, I would recommend asking someone for a warning when time is almost up. For some reason, the last time I was in there, the music (which normally acts as a 5-minute warning) didn't come on and an employee knocked on the door multiple times while I was in the middle of changing. It's easy to lose track of time during the whole experience, so having the music warning would be nice so your not getting out once the filters are pumping.
5	This was my first time in a Float Spa, and it was fantastic. The sensory deprivation and complete dark and silence allowed me to totally relax. It was a fun and rejuvenating experience. The staff was great and friendly. they answered all my questions, and made me feel welcome. I would recommend this to anyone who has pain, sore or tight muscles. It was an awesome thing to do right before a massage, so all my muscles were relaxed for my deep tissue!
5	Wow! What a wonderful experience! If you haven't yet floated, you really need to try this. I became a member for the discount and so glad I did. Thanks TrueRest.
5	I have been coming to true rest since they opened. I have a membership and come floating once a week! My skin always feels great after a float , I sleep better and it helps relax my aching muscles from my long runs. You should definitely come try it out!
5	I love this place. I have had amazing healing  during my floats!    Rejuvenating, repairing and re energizing.  I want to buy one for my home!!!!! Plus I love love Brittney and Alexis they make the drive so worth wild .......
5	Free Heart centered listening workshop was great! Brittney and Sunna hosted with their smiles like sunshine pouring over us as they shared their insights, exercises and common obstacles which keep us from listening on an empathic level which all of us humans truly long for from our company.  Thank you!  and I hope you have another heart centered workshop soon.  BTW - The company of all who attended were very enjoyable and may even become friends since we're all headed out to eat together now.
5	My first "float" was the other day and I was very impressed by the friendliness of the staff, cleanliness of the entire place, and most of all, how I felt after this relaxing form of therapy.  My body and brain felt recharged and ready to take on the challenges of everyday life again!
5	As a first time floater, I was transformed by Tuesday's float!  The environment is calm, serene, safe, and rejuvenating.  While I was unsure as to whether I'd get bored from being alone with my thoughts for an hour, I've never been in such a relaxed state of mind.  And the hour?  It flew by!   Interestingly, I slept like a rock that evening and was tired most of yesterday too.  And my minor aches & pains seemed more apparent yesterday, as well.  Although these were rare for me, I cannot help but wonder if these are manifestations of the healing properties from the float.  Unfortunately, I don't live here but I will definitely be floating again when I'm next in town!  Loved the staff( Stephen), the space, and the float pod.  A must try!!!!!
4	I think the idea is great. Floatation therapy: a way to soothe your body and mind by floating weightless in a warm salt water pod. I did a few float sessions back when True Rest was in North Scottsdale, and I wanted to try them out again after their relocation to Tempe. The interior is still calm and serene, and I think the waiting area is nicer since they seem to have more space than the old location. When I entered, I awkwardly stood around for 5 minutes or so while the front desk attendant was in the back. It was just a minor point to the overall experience, but if this is my first time at a new place, I like to have a staff member there in the front to greet me immediately when I enter.Just like other floats, for me at least, it took me about half the allotted time to actually get used to the idea of floating. Once I did get relaxed, it really eased any muscle pains and helped clear my mind. While I do enjoy flotation therapy as a way to soothe tense muscles, for me the price is cost prohibitive on a regular basis. The cost for 1 hour is roughly the same amount as a one hour massage at some places, even with a basic membership which makes the cost cheaper. For me at least, I would rather pay the same amount for someone to massage out any tense muscles. It's not to say that floatation therapy is not a valid way to relax, it really is, but for me, I feel more worth in the same amount of money spent on having a therapist focused on easing out sore muscle pains.
5	I Love True REST Float Spa! I've been floating for about a year now. True REST is an amazing therapy for all of us for whatever life you live. The oxygen bar, fish tank, tea and water are all great as well  The spa team members all have such wonderful aura about them. It's quiet, clean, relaxing - just peaceful.My only wish would be to bring one closer to home...I recommend this to everyone!
1	I found True Rest on Groupon so I purchased 2 sessions and brought my wife.  Our first visit, the people working were nice and everything went well.  The place is clean and has a nice vibe.  I felt better after the session as did my wife.  We considered their membership options but decided to hold off as we are moving and it looked like they are opening other locations.  We were looking at the 4 session a month plan.  I also own a small business and thought it would be a good gift to give some of by clients.  We told a lot of people great things about the place.I decided to do another float.  In looking at their website, I came across a promotion where it was $59.00 for a float and I would also get 10 minutes at the oxygen bar and a "goodie bag".  I came in, did my float, and then at check out I was told my bill was $79.00.  I told the woman I had a coupon and booked on their website using their code which confirmed the $59 rate.  She said that was for first time people only.  I told her it said nothing about this "first time" qualification on the coupon.  In the end, she charged me $69, no oxygen bar and no "goodie bag".I found the coupon and will attach the screen shot of it here in my review.  The problem I have with this business is it appears their marketing strategy is to offer very vaguely written intro pricing and its good one time only.  In the case with my coupon is example #1.  Example #2 is on my first visit when they said they can give me a free session and credit my Living Social coupon towards a membership.  I said I would like to do that the next time I come in, they said that offer is only good for first time customers.  Example #3 I went on living social to see if there were more sessions we could purchase while waiting to join.  There were, but then the small print said the pricing is only good for "first time" customers.  It seems this business places a greater value on "first time" customers over repeat customers.  They scammed me on my repeat visit charging me initially $20 more then agreeing to "just" $10 more and giving me less than what I paid for.  I can only imagine how it would work signing up for one of their memberships, trying to cancel.  Its a nice place to try once, but your business will not be valued if you go back again.
4	I have been coming off and on for 2 years now, I would visit more often, but it is a hike to get to Tempe.  The benefits of floating are beyond debate, you will feel better both physically and mentally.The only complaint I have is they need to do a better job sound proofing the rooms.  On both of my past 2 visits, I was able to hear people speaking sporadically during my session.  Once the sound is addressed, I have no problem giving 5 stars.
