5	The only Billiards Room in the USA with 12 Hermelin Billard Tables                   Carom 3C Carmbola 3S                                                                                                 Five Pin Italiana                                                                                                             Nine Pin Goriziana                                                                                                      Boccette Boccette                                                                                                         Billiards Room/Restaurant/Bar beers and wines                                                      3740 East Flamingo Road                                                                                             Las Vegas, NV 89121                                                                                            702  -990-0502                                                                                                                Fax 702-458-9900                                                                                                        Best.billiardslv@yahoo.com                                                                                        www.BestBilliardsLV.net                                                                                          Play.Eat.Drink!!!!
5	Where else can you get Bowling and Authentic Italian food at a Decent price? The private rooms look kick ass. They are open late and dont mind stragglers past closing time. The tables are even heated and they offer free Pool lessons. I hope they are a fixture for years to come.
5	Best billiards also has the best coffee and best sandwiches of any place  I've been to in Las Vegas. The owner makes his own blend from Italian coffee, and they have a wide selection of imported deli meats including three different kinds of sopressata.  I could spend all day there. I need to go back and try their pasta. It is really a hidden jewel. I hope more people don't find out about it. I say this as I write a yelp review.
5	Totally a hidden gem!We found out about this place through a friend of a friend. The place seemed kind of shady at first (but we did come close to 3AM). It's in an older plaza, but it's open 24 hours!It's very simple looking inside. There was only one group of people playing pool at the time. It's nice that they have pool here, but we were there to try the food!We heard they had great tiramisu and coffee. Always a good combo at 3AM. =P The tiramisu was moist. It was super creamy but light at the same time. We found out after talking to the owner that the recipe for the tiramisu was his great great great grandmother's recipe! And the coffee beans are hand selected by the owner. His own special blend only made from the best beans!The owner is a true Italian. A super nice guy! The food he serves is simple but truly authentic Italian! He gets his ingredients imported from Italy. Only the best! Who would have expected that from a 24 hour billiard place??There was a late night pizza special. A whole pizza (with 8 slices) for only $10! I couldn't pass up an opportunity to try real, authentic Italian pizza! You can either get margherita or pepperoni. My group got half and half. Totally amazing pizza! The first thing you taste is the amazing tomato sauce. And of course, it's made fresh by the owner with tomatoes imported from Italy! Then there's the crust. Not too yeasty or too thick. It had a nice flavor to it. The toppings really pull everything together. I've never had pizza like that. So simple, but so good! I wanna bottle up that sauce and take it home!I'm definitely coming back to next time I'm in Vegas to try the other food on the menu. This place should hold me over until I actually make it to Italy one day. =P
5	I don't think 5 stars do this splendid place justice. Great service, AMAZING food, perfect atmosphere. I could be biased do to my love of pool, but they get a million thumbs up for everything. Great pool tables here too. Taken care of very well. And on top of all that, there's no loud, annoying people, ruining a nice relaxing time. They are open 24/7 so you never have to worry about getting there just in time for them to close. Just possibly the best place in Las Vegas.
3	This place is cool but nobody who works there knows what the true rates are. We keep getting charged differently every time. Poor management obv...
1	Not a good hangout. Was asked to "keep it down" twice and also wash our hands after each slice before using pool cues. The place was dead. The owner didn't even have the guts to approach us until after he sent the waitress over twice.  I was with my MOTHER and her colleagues, not a rowdy drunk crowd.  Just laughing over drinks, pool, and pizza, but apparently that was not acceptable.And the color scheme is hideous.
5	Best Billiards is a place to eat great Italian food. This business is in my old neighborhood and my brother stumbled into it on one of his nightly walks. When my brother first told me about it I have to admit I imagined something entirely different but after eating there I completely understand. I didn't actually play pool here (yet) but I'm told that the tables are all the best tables available and imported just like the ingredients of the very authentic Italian food. This makes sense to me because I've had this idea as well, a pool hall and make some really good food but my idea was just pizzas and sandwiches. Best Billiards takes this idea to a much higher level with some of the best pasta that I've had in any restaurant. But this isn't really a restaurant! You will have to keep telling yourself that while you're eating here. The pool tables and the 90" BIG screen will keep reminding you that you're in a pool hall but the food will make you think you're in Italy somewhere. My brother ordered for us, the wine, the soup and four different pasta dishes including the angriest Arrabiata that I've ever had. My brother told me that when my sister-in-law first ordered the Arrabiata that the owner tried to talk her out of it because it was too hot. She and all of us absolutely loved it. We will be back here every time we return home for a visit. Next time I will insist on playing some pool too! Just a note to the impatient, don't expect fast service here, you can't rush great food.
5	Best Billiards is my favorite spot in Las Vegas. Best Italian food outside of Italy, imported ingredients, perfectly al dente pasta, amazing sandwiches, equisite tray of appetizers. You can really feast here. The pool tables are outstanding with affordable rates, plus a chess board and wifi, perfect coffee, you could spend all day here. If I lived in Las Vegas, I would live there. The owner is awesome. He really takes care of you and makes you feel like family.  One thing is to wander the strip, another is to come here and feel like you're at the corner spot in some small town in Italy where everyone is friends.
4	I live around the corner from this place. It is a nice well kept clean pool room, probably the best in Vegas. The place is not super busy most of the time so its great for some practice, day rate is $8 from 10am-5pm with well kept Diamond tables and after 5pm its about $5 an hour. As for the food menu it is very good, authentic Italian food since the owner is from Italy, a bit pricey but its really great stuff. My only complaint is the portion size could be larger and for the money a salad should be included. Other then that its a great place and the day person who works there named Mary is a super nice lady who takes good care of her customers. The place has free WIFI, 80 inch TV, beer and wine. I highly recommend this room plus its non smoking which is a big plus in Las Vegas.
5	Best real AUTHENTIC food. Must try it at least once in your life. You will become a regular customer i promise
5	A great combination of pool hall and italian bistro.  The coffee was very good and I will be going back to try the tiramisu!
1	I always play pool at Mickey's, but I decided to give this place a shot. When I walked in, the owner came up to me and said, in a very mobster way, "ok you guys can play here, but two rules. Keep the noise down, and pull your pants up". I was offended. I don't sag my pants at all. I'm a 27 year old man, not a hipster. Never coming back again. This place is too uptight, and that pompus owner killed it for me. Always looking at us.
