1	Me and my bf Madison F took our son here today for the "food festival" and "full carnival" as they described on their website.  We didn't see any of that all we saw was disappointment in our son's eyes.  We were all very very disappointed.  I expected more vendors, but their wasn't many to choose from and there also wasn't a lot of variety of different asian food. We decided to go with the korean bbq and it really wasn't that great. I got the pork, my bf got the spicy chicken and my son got the chicken. I tried all 3 and wasn't  impressed with any of them, and for the amount we paid the food should have been spectacular. Now on to the the "FULL carnival" what a joke! there were maybe 10 rides at the most and 6 of them were super kiddy rides (our sons 5) and two were for 52 inches or taller my sons 48 inches. The wrist band was 25 dollars but we chose not to buy that and just buy tickets seeing that there wasn't that many rides.  We bought 40 tickets for $35 dollars and we didn't even use them all because of the limited amount of rides.  Oh and we go ripped off by some toothless redneck at one of the carnival booths we totally misled us which was the icing on the cake. I really expected more and am very disappointed that it wasn't put together a little better, please don't waste your time or money here.
1	I'm so glad I didn't pay to get in here. The event was really small and only had a few small aisles of booths plus some rides. We went on Sunday afternoon and there was no one there. It was hot out but I really wanted to eat some Asian cuisine. We perused the food booths but was turned off, I have no idea how long the food was sitting there. Not a lot of turnover going on with no one at the festival. We ended up leaving 10 minutes after we got there.
1	Advertised as "Epic Eating Experience" It was epic alright, epic fail!  I tried to stick it out the few hours I was there to see SOS+JTrias but the performance time changed from the advertised time of 4pm to 5.  So I milled around to see what they had as far as food.  Since the festival didn't have hardly any attendance, there was low turnover and all the food on display was just sitting out there, in the heat,  so nothing appealed to me. When I did find something I wanted from the Magnolia Ice Cream booth, they only took cash!!! ughhh..and I just spent the cash I had on hand for $5 entry fee. Oh well!  Went back into the mall to cool off and grab a drink, came back to the festival to watch SOS perform, only to have yet another delay.  BTW the shaded dining area where we could watch the shows would've been nicer if the Beer Garden booth wasn't in front blocking the view of the stage. The few chairs in front of the stage were all in the sun.  I felt bad for the elderly people sitting out there. Tried to stick it out for another 30 minutes in the heat. Still no performance. Up and left and escaped to my favorite Thai place down the street.  I cant fault the festival on the hot weather that contributed to it being just a miserable day to be outdoors, but maybe next time take into consideration the dates when to have the festival again.
