5	I didn't think calling a tow truck would be a pleasant experience.  But, I had to because my car was stuck and my mechanic was far away.   Reasonable rates were discussed, and I didn't have to wait long in the Las Vegas heat for the driver to arrive.  The driver was Jose J**, and he was very friendly.  He cared about me and my car problems, showing concern about me in the heat.  He must work in the heat all day, but he was worried about me waiting for twenty minutes.  I felt like he treated me how he would treat his father.  He hooked me up with no surprises, and took care of everything at the price I agreed to.  I feel like he knew I worked hard for my money.  I recommend this tow truck service.  They are great!
5	I needed to tow a vehicle about 10 miles from one residential area to another. I called a few places, and Around the Clock Towing was significantly cheaper than the other places. Towing is expensive, but this place didn't make me feel like I was being ripped off. While all of the other places I called were within about $10 range in pricing, Around the Clock was about 25% cheaper than all of them. The gentleman I spoke with on the phone told me a truck would arrive for pickup in about 25-30 minutes, and they were right on time. The service was very polite and efficient. I paid in cash and gave the driver a tip - he wasn't expecting one and made sure to come back to let me know I had given him extra. Talk about honest!! Hopefully I won't need a towing service again, but it I do I will definitely go with Around the Clock Towing. Great prices and service!
5	They saved my life. (tears)  I will never forget Around the Clock Towing for being so skilled, reliable, caring, & Professional!!! My car broke down (dead) while waiting for a stop light.  I have a Prius so the hazard lights didn't work nor would the trunk open...I called my insurance (Progressive) who dispatched triple 777 towing.  MIND YOU I'M STANDING IN 108 DEGREES VEGAS HEAT. The first quote was an hour.  Which they ultimately extended for another 25min, then another 30 min...  In the meantine I called Ewing Brother's (because my car had warranty with the dealership- and they said they would be an hour too)...Finally I called AAA in tears saying if they could send me a tow I'd give my business to them.  Unfortnately, I could not get a AAA tow because the process of memebership takes 72 hours.  But AAA was nice enough to get me a commercial company.  I asked if she can get an honest answer from tow service, because everyone was saying an hour, but extending and extending... and that I was really hot and dehydrated by this point having waited 2 plus hours in the 108 vegas heat.  Around the Clock Towing quote 25 minutes MAX.  They got there, towed my car to the dealership.  Even charged what's left of the car so that I could put up my windows (I was leaving the car overnight- since the dealership had closed already)  Excellent customer service.  They met and exceed my expectations.... I will never forget Around the Clock Towing for being so skilled, reliable, caring, & Professional!!!  The tow guy even said "oh man I heard you have been waiting for another service for over 2 hours, I'm sorry!"  They saved my life. (tears)
5	Awesome service on time saved my life
1	If I can give this place zero stars i would. Called them at 11 am one day when my battery dies, no friends or family nerby. Said they would be with me within a half an hour. They come by at 1:30. While I was waiting in the 105 degree Las Vegas weather. Paid 107 dollars for a dumb jump start. Total rip off! Never do business again. Really want my money back! Unprofessional company! Very disappointed,
4	Used there services and they were great would call them again. Called this company and they met me right away to help me out. Good price and the guy was real nice.
5	Man our trip to Vegas was going good until we had a big car problem. Was looking for a towing truck service and found this one. Guy was there in like about 20 minutes! Very helpful and took us to a nearby mechanic!this company was a lifesaver and got a good deal!
4	Who really likes tow companies? Well these guys get good props from me because they were very polite (even though I had a hard time hearing the guy on the phone) and pretty quick to come out to me. Won't use ABC towing ever again even through AAA membership. ABC was going to charge me $85 after they dropped my car off in a bad location when I clearly needed it on my property, while Around the Clock towing put it into my garage!! On top of that they charged me $65! I was just overall happy with these guys vs the other tow companies so far. If I ever need a tow or anyone I know needs one, they'll be the first ones I would call.
