5	I had En Blum cater my wedding this weekend, and they did a truly amazing job! Nick was so professional and accommodating, so was the rest of the crew- they all really made our night special. The food was incredible as well, our menu consisted of an heirloom tomato salad, spring green s alad with raspberry chipotle vinaigrette, tiger prawns with spicy apple kimchi, and filet of beef. It was all delicious, not a single person complained, all of our guests raved about the food! I cannot say enough about good things about EnBlum! I highly recommend them to anyone looking to cater their special event!
1	Their website says they can bring any flavor to an event. Apparently they can do that but not professionalism. I put a request for a small order to set up for my family for Christmas time. Since I'm not there, I obviously can't cook anything so I always set up a catered dinner that they just need to go pick up. I asked if it was possible and they said I was a joke and to go to Fry's. As a business owner myself, no matter what the request is, you should respond in a kind and professional manner. I encourage people interested in this business to try other caterers before this one.
5	Nick and his staff catered my wedding last weekend in North Scottsdale.  I cannot recommend them enough!  They did an absolutely fantastic job.  They were totally professional, Nick accommodated all my special requests, and the food was out of this world.  All of our guests raved about the meal and thought it was the best food they've had at a wedding.Nick served gorgeous hors d'oeuvres during cocktail hour, a lovely salad with chipotle yuzu vinaigrette, chimichurri chicken with greens and steak with chorizo potatos and a rosemary cream sauce.  It was amazing, and he also made delicious entrees for the vegetarians.Beyond the delicious food, Nick was so nice and easy to work with, and everything was pulled off without a hitch.  Cannot recommend En Blum enough if you care about delicious, memorable food at your wedding or other event!
