3	The food is pretty good, nothing to write home about. I had the chick's sandwich; which is similar to chick-fil-a but more expensive. I also had the BLT which was pretty good. I asked for no mayo and they put it on both sides. The fries are pretty good, they are the thick cut ones. If you are short on time its not a bad stop for something quick.
4	I think this might be my fave place in the Latta Arcade. Breaded chicken, good crispy frozen fries and a sweet lil serving you up. The sandwiches are really tasty, but the breasts are kinda small.
4	I enjoy Chicks if for no other reason than it still serves a chicken salad sandwich that is close to what chik fil a used to do before moving to that way too thick bread they now use. Chick's was started by a fella who used to work for chik fil a so the poultry offerings are pretty similar to what you find there. Fried sandwich, grilled sandwich, etc. Chick's has a greater variety on the menu though in terms of various salads, more side choices...  They also serve breakfast.  Service is friendly but it can sometimes be on the slow side when the line is long. Definitely on the "grab lunch eat at my desk" rotation.
4	Just an update. I have been back many times. The Mac N Cheese is the way to go here. it's amazing! Definitely try this if you are in town for lunch.
2	Tried Chicks for lunch a few weeks ago and was not impressed. The 2 staff working were very friendly, but the fried chicken sandwich is clearly just a frozen fried chicken patty brought back to "life" in the deep fryer. It was alright for a quick lunch, but defintely not worth the 4 star yelp ratings that initially convinced me to try it out. I haven't been back since.I'm pretty sure my high school cafeteria serverd the same fried chicken patty sandwich...
5	Great take out spot conveniently located in the Latta Arcade. Never takes more than 5 minutes to get my food even during the lunch rush. Pricing could be a dollar cheaper in my opinion but the bourbon chicken special is fantastic.
