2	This review is 100% based on our walking in to inquire about a lease this week. Their occupancy rate is high and they only had one unit available, but we didn't care based on the fees and other ways they would have made $ on us. $100 application fee per person, $250 admin fee (there must be a lot more paperwork than I remember), manditory $75 for cable and Internet (no way to turn it off, really?), $100 to cover 2 of the other utilities but not 2 others. Our big gripe was the $450 in application and admin fees, think it tells a lot about how we would be treated if we lived there.  Our little grip was being told there is no flexibility in the monthly rent because the computer sets the rates and they have no control over it - do they think we don't know that people program computers or do they not understand how computers work?
1	I lived in Elizabeth Square Apts for a year and had the worst experience there than I have had anywhere.  I lived in Apt 412, overlooking the pool.  This is everything that's wrong with this building and company:1. TENANTS DO NOT FOLLOW RULES:First night people were having sex in the pool, ES did nothing.There are drunk people who break glass in the pool and party throughout the night. People who don't live there hop the fence to party there all night, ES does nothing.However, they do have a "courtesy cop" that gets free rent in exchange for enforcing select rules (smoking outside after 10pm is considered loitering on your own apartment property and YES the cops will come for that)A girl PEED outside my door while her friend drug her down the hall. I reported that and the pee photo and the carpets were cleaned two weeks later. Yes, two weeks later.2. POOR NOISE INSULATION:Within first month, 2 large breed dogs moved in above. What they don't tell you is the 5th floor is fake hardwood floors, not carpet, so if you live on the 4th you hear everything. I could hear the man above peeing in the toilet, so the dogs wrestling throughout the night was so loud. ES did nothing after two phone calls.  I woke up every morning I had off to my neighbor's alarm clock vibration. The new tenant above me did lunges and KETTLEBALLS every morning at 5:30AM, ES did nothing.3.  COMPROMISED SAFETYI've had my cars towed and booted MANY times.Rental car was towed even though I had a note saying I drove back arriving at 3am Sunday night and would register the car with the office when they were open (there is NO 24-hr service at this place).  By 6am it was towed.  All the visitor spots are taken up by tenants who don't want to pay $10 for extra parking.My friend's car was towed after coming in for less than 30 minutes. This was 2am on a Saturday. We had to taxi it to North Charlotte, it cost $40. The tow truck driver who instructed us to go to MATHIS TOWING took 1.5 HOURS to show up so we stayed on a dark dirt road for 1.5 hours. Across the street was a mobile home park. When the tow truck drive arrived he had a prostitute in a fur jacket sit up from having had her head in his lap. It was seriously like out of a movie.The tow truck comes every night between 1-4 am. I've seen a woman accompany the driver 3 times.  There's a flimsy deadbolt on your door and NOTHING else between you sleeping and tow truck man and prostitute who drive through the garage.  Many cars are broken into at night and everyone told me it was the tow truck service.My car has been TOWED once and BOOTED TWICE with a resident sticker on my window because they can't see it at night with the tented windows.  After persistent emails to the regional director it was reimbursed.  However, there was an elderly man down there and a young lady another time in the office saying their car had been towed WITH A PERMIT DISPLAYED and ES did nothing.4. THEY ARE UNDERTRAINEDUpon move out, my auto pay continued to auto charge me, after my lease had ended! I was overcharge $1300 out of my bank! They blamed it on me saying I never returned a paper to cancel it (the terminated lease wasn't sufficient I guess). Upon their investigation they found I had never been given the paper. Someone forgot and so I was overcharged $1300. They said it would take weeks to reverse because it had to go through a "different department."  I said I would sue them, so the debit was immediately reversed. They were just lazy and didn't want to do that originally.  ES makes threats in posted fliers around the building that are not legally substantiated, such as no standing in pool area or other public places after 10PM. The staff engages in drug use. Yes, I've witnessed this in person.5. THEY ARE DISHONESTUpon move out I left my apartment spotless.  Fridge scrubbed, everything wiped down. As I was driving cross country with a cat (I was there for nursing school), when I had my car packed, I took a walk-thru video and left keys behind. I didn't schedule a walk thru because of its spotless condition, because I left at an hour when maintenance was not there, and because my friend who worked at the front desk had seen it and assured me my apartment was more than perfectly left.BAD BAD BAD BAD MISTAKE!I got a bill for $623.97 because they replaced all the fake wood floors and carpeting. The catch? The carpet was 4.5 years old and ALWAYS gets replaced at 5 years. They had a girl who WORKED there move in. Because she signed a year lease the carpets would have to be replaced anyway. They took advantage of my not having had a walk thru to scam me out the money. An attorney told me I would have easily won it in small claims, but I would have had to FLY BACK. This is why ES did this.THE CONCLUSION:Move anywhere but here. The fixtures and amenities are cheap and for people who want to look like they have money. Try Metro 808 if you like the neighborhood (which is a charm!)!!
2	We did not get a chance to live here, thank goodness. Extremely dissatisfied with the amount of time we had to wait every time we would go in to try and see a unit. Halls appeared dorm like. Lots of rules, 2 pages to be exact. Also 3 pages of fees before the lease was to be signed. 5 extra fees monthly for trash etc, tapping on an extra $150. Pretty space, but felt like a hotel and not worth the money to us.
1	Elizabeth Square = FAIL.  We recently just moved out- thank God.  It was one of the worst apartment experiences ever.  The most recent issue that we had with Elizabeth Square is that they charged us $280 to replace the carpet.  When we called about this- they said that due to stains (which were already there when we moved in) we are charged with replacing the carpet.  Crazy how we would get charged for replacing carpet when we were probably the 5th tenant that lived on those gross carpets.  They just decided that we were the lucky ones that would pay for someone else to have new carpets.  I could go on and on about how terrible this place is.  If you are a college student then this is the right place for you- if you can afford it.  The fire alarm goes off in the middle of the night just about every month- no matter what day it is...I am assuming someone wanted to pull a prank and watch everyone else stumble out of their apartment at 2:00 in the morning and sit for an hour until the fire department comes and checks everything out.  You have to watch were you walk in all the hallways and stairways because you just might stumble on dog poop, throw up, left over pizza, and food.  Beware where you park because you just might get your car hit by some crazy drunk person that lives at Elizabeth Square.  This one was a doozie- 4 cars were nailed literally...like pieces of their cars going up the parking garage- causing tons of damage because someone was driving too fast through the parking garage.  You cannot even go to the pool because it is like a frat party, people are shot gunning cans of beer in the pool, booty humping, and people are there that do not even pay rent.  Security is consistently compromised because everyone leaves the outside doors open- so anyone off the street can walk into the apartment building.  Try to move in on a Saturday and everyone and their brother is also moving in...you can barely get into the parking garage.  It is a cluster mess.  The worst part about it is that it was so expensive to live there.  We paid over $1800 in rent for a 2 bedroom that was not functional at all.  The closet in the second bedroom was not accessible- because the door was in the way.  You had to shimmy yourself in between your clothes to close the door to get to your other hanging clothes.  The place is awful- whatever you do not live there.  Go next door to the Metro...Elizabeth Square is not worth it.
5	II went to visit Elizabeth Square because I would like a more peaceful area than where we are at now but still close to things to do. I found it amazing how in the pricing was include your parking fee, valet trash and cable/internet. This was awesome because I only have to think of rent and power. What caught my eye was the large gym and the new virtual work out room they're opening up. I really enjoyed the place and all the amenities.
1	Worst experience I have ever had and worst decision I ever made was living here.  God help anyone that pays that much money to literally be tortured.
5	Came by for a tour and it felt so glamorous! Customer service was great! I felt like I was in a hotel. There were people working out in the gym some by the pool and they have a new yoga room. There are restaurants and parks within walking distance and best of all my dogs have a place to play in the dog park. After reading some of the other reviews they seemed to be confused they add $105 to a base rent and it includes valet trash, garage parking, cable and internet - makes paying my bills on a monthly basis a lot easier. I highly recommend Elizabeth Square I'll be moving there this summer and can not wait!
1	More money than its worth.  There are ALWAYS people outside yelling or letting their dogs do their "business" in the parking garage.  Speaking of parking,  it cost extra and there is never enough.  Trust me,  save your cash and go elsewhere.  Quite a few places have the same amenities and they are not an extra cost.  1 bedroom is just over $1400.
