4	I'm definitely a fan of this very cool establishment, tucked away on Forth Street, just off Broughton Street. Urban Angel is fairly new on the Edinburgh cafe/restaurant scene, but I think they've got the right feel going on here, with the open spaces and plain, white walls with a splash of colour. You feel like you've got room to sit with a coffee and do your thing in here, whether that's scanning the Sundays or nattering about your escapades from the night before with mates, with the latter being primarily what I come here to do.The crowd is a mix of fashionable, studenty and ladies who lunch. The staff are all really nice, and enviously stylish in that way that doesn't look like it required any effort. Everything here is freshly made and mostly grouped in the organic category, and the amazing display of cakes at the front counter is always my downfall on the way out. They have some really tasty offerings on the breakfast/brunch menu, plus lots of daily specials, and a list of tapas type dishes to try, plus the Urban Angel burger always goes down a treat.
5	Great cakes, very nice service, capuchino okay. Here our Edinburgh adventure starts
4	This is another one of those places that would brag about having minimalist Danish furniture. Its interior looks so expensive I was pleasantly surprised to see that their pastries weren't more pricey than what you'd find at your local Costa or Starbucks.It's located in New Town in a fairly residential area so it's in peaceful surroundings. There are places offering yoga and pilates classes in the vicinity and I can very much imagine the clients (predominantly women!) heading over there after their classes. I'm more a fan of creaky, charming places, so I wouldn't go there that often, but the food is great.
3	I popped in here for a coffee, and ended up with a capuccino and a slice of their brownie. Or really, it should be relabelled chocolate-butter with nuts. This is both very good and verrryyyyy bad.Yes, I like my cakes decadent, but this was perhaps just too much. Brownies, to me, are a perfect mix of gooey and spongey. This was, like I said, literally butter. Melted in the mouth, incredibly rich, but just too much.As others have said, it's not got the cosy feel we normally look for in cafes. It's nice to have something different, but this isn't the first place I'd think of for a indulgent lunch, or catch-up with friends. The savoury foods did look good.I liked it here, the coffee was nice too. I just resent the 1/2 inch on my waistline that I lost after that brownie, and it would be nice if it felt a bit more homely.
5	Amazing Eggs Florentine. Friendly staff. Some nice breads. An interesting weekly specials board featuring surprisingly good food combos.  A nice salad bar too!  Did I mention the cakes I try and walk past?
3	Very pleasant establishment. One of the staff was happy to come over and explain what was suitable for different diets allergies etc.We all found our meals very tasty..
4	Now I understand why Jon M tries to walk past the cakes. They greet you as you first walk in, and sit temptingly for the duration of your stay, only to beg to be bought as a 'take-away' on departure. The cakes look simply wonderful.In fact, all the food here does. By the sounds of the menu, it's all fresh, organic, healthy, good-for-you goodness. Having just had breakfast, I couldn't manage anything other than oolong tea but Urban Angel is already high on my hitlist to return to try their lunch, or brunch, or cake, or all of the above.It's a nice light airy space. White and minimalist but with warm wood and a big open counter for service and drinks. A really lovely feel to it.Yep, I'm a fan for now and hope to be more so once I've tried their foods.
2	Disappointing. The menu is an unfocussed agglomeration of dishes, with no real sense of what they're trying to sell you. The staff didn't seem too interested, either.Overall, we said: "Urban Angel has good principles at its heart, and there's a fantastic cafe/restaurant just waiting to emerge, but the thinking behind the elegantly minimalist decor desperately needs to be applied to their menu, at the earliest possible opportunity."
5	I came back for food. The food was good. The food was better than good actually, so I took some away with me too.The food here is just...hmm how to say this without using the word "hidden gem", "authentic" and all the usual words of praise. It's freshly made, uses the best ingredients, and is just a cut above the rest.The berry compote with the porridge is tart, big whole berries, and lacks the sugary sweetness of too much sugar. That's why I like it here. The food is really good, tasty, but also good for you as close as it can be. The salad bowl for lunch changes every day - I had artichokes, chick peas, peppers, olives, feta. Yum. The lunch and dinner options are chalked up on the board each day but when I was there, the soups included a smoked chicken broth, and some really quite special sounding meat mains with whole halibut, half chickens, fresh veg. The sort of thing you'd get in an evening bistro. I didn't expect to see the menu that I did. And I was impressed.The cheesecake I watched a friend eat, and then subsequently took away with me for another friend looked divine. I was told it was very light and delicious.I think some of the cakes are gluten-free. The breakfasts are amazing, the lunches are amazing, and they stay open in the evening with wine and good food. In fact, that's what I'm coming back here for next.I like it, I like it a lot.
4	SUPER cute spot. Stopped in here for breakfast while we were waiting for our hotel rooms to be prepared & enjoyed a wonderful, fresh breakfast.I opted for a scone w/ jam & a chai tea, which is served with steamed milk & honey. Lovely. My sister and mom got scrambled eggs (they were orange...?) with an amazing side of sourdough toast. Dad got yogurt & berries. Also, they serve an excellent, strong cup of coffee.We got a peek at the salads they were preparing for lunch, and they looked absolutely amazing. I hope we have time to come back!
4	I still have not forgotten my Peelham Farm Lamb Kebab-type wrap, served with couscous. Honestly.. it was SO good that I made my own variation this week... with real Peelham Farm lamb/veal. I loved this place, it was light, airy, and so much bigger than I had expected. It definitely is one of my favourite cafe's in Edinburgh. The quality of food is fabulous, and providing local produce always scores extra points for me. I highly recommend it!
4	Been there twice very good food. I like that they serve breakfast/brunch until 5. Found an extra order on my bill by mistake.
4	Edinburgh + Brunch + Iced Coffee... if I could complain it would be about the outrageous prices, and complain I will... they are unbelievable for breakfast food. BUT... there is, and I say this without any reservation, no where better to get an Iced Coffee. And if you, like me, like iced coffee, sometimes, not always, but sometimes... in the middle of the winter, this place has it. Now usually a place that is pretty awesome but way too expensive garnishes a three star... but not Urban Angel which carries two of the three breakfast treats that I cannot live without (Eggs Florentine and Iced Coffee) AND the fact that there were TWO waitresses so on our case when we had orders, questions, requests. They were both busting their ass to serve us, and that, I appreciate and reward... with my cyber star.
5	Wonderful locally sourced and/or organic food. Great for breakfast, lunch, dinner and just a cuppa, so glad it's local.
4	i have decided that sundays are excellent for one thing and that is lunch with the girls.  two weeks running i've been lunching with a lovely ladies and enjoying delicious food and good chat :)  who needs boys!!this week the girly lunch was planned at urban angel (on forth street).  i was really looking forward to going here as i'd been once for an afternoon tea and still have the lasting impression of how amazing their brownie was!!  sadly since i was with a vegetarian i didn't get to try any of their meaty options for the sandwich portion of afternoon tea, so i was pleased that i now had the whole menu to choose from!i had had a quick look over the menu online when i'd booked on thursday and was completely torn by the breakfast or lunch items.  the same when i arrived today and looked over the menu while waiting for our third.  they serve breakfast on the weekends until 5pm, this is so awesome!!  i love a place that understands breakfast can be eaten at any time :)  i was also tempted by the idea of a falafel sandwich and they had some yummy sounding specials.  too many choices almost....when our third arrived, i made the snap decision to do something totally different and went with the french toast that included streaky bacon and maple syrup.  i also added a side of tattie scones.  after ordering we had a rather long wait for our food to the point that i actually was starting to get seriously annoyed.  however, i saw plates arriving just at the point where i wanted to get up and say something...now, i hate waiting for food especially when i'm hungry but i have to say this french toast was worth it.  three huge slices of fresh bread coated in eggy goodness and then fried to perfection.  atop this a good number of strips of streaky bacon that was actually crispy!!!!!!  omg crispy bacon and me is like a love affair and i didn't even have to ask for this it just came that way.  there was a nice pot of maple syrup but sadly three little circles of tattie scones that while tasty were literally gone in two bites.so, the food was definitely good (including the brownie i got to take away!) but the wait for it was a bit long and even though our table was right at the front of the restaurant i sort of felt like the wait staff forgot we were there.  while we were waiting we never got asked if we wanted more drinks and during our meal we were never asked if the food was good.  something to work on, but i'd definitely go back for some more of the delicious food and crispy streaky bacon!!!!!
5	I had lunch here yesterday with a friend and the service was amazing. We both had daily specials (I had mussels, my friend had chilli squid) and they were delicious without fault. The sauce with my mussels was coconut based and creamy without being heavy. One staff member went out of his way to double check if they had polenta cake as my friend cannot have wheat, even though it wasn't on display. Thankfully they did and while she had that I had their cheesecake. Again, both were ridiculously delicious.There are a lot of places in Edinburgh with great food but it's fantastic to see a place offer brilliant service as well. Will definitely be coming back.
4	I've stopped off to re-fuel at Urban Angel a few times in the past few weeks. Each visit has been without any complaint whatsoever and instead I've been stuffing my face with really good quality tea and seriously tasty cheese scones. They are the best cheese scones I've eaten in Edinburgh to date. YUM. I had a solo excursion there for dinner and the sardines that arrived in front of me were cooked to perfection, perfectly seasoned and came with a light, tangy salsa and salad that complemented the fish perfectly. The meal was just splendid! Excellent quality of food for the price - I definitely hope to make this a more regular haunt. Also, for the tea drinkers amongst us. Their pots are enormous and the tea is loose, so a really great cuppa awaits you here. For some reason I'm leaving the fifth star off... Can't quite figure out what it is... Anyway. Urban Angel. Yay for cheese scones!
4	Had brunch here with my hostess during my trip to Edinburgh a couple of weeks ago. The place was pretty cute inside and we were promptly served. I got an order of poached eggs and toast with vegetarian sausages on the side and a pot of tea. The food was cooked well, though I wish it was seasoned a tiny bit more. Other than that, everything was good.Place is a bit on the pricey side.
4	I think it's nice in here, the service is friendly and the food is fresh and tasty. Last time we went I had a pulled pork ciabatta sandwich with salad and my vegetarian friend had falafel flatbread with salad, both were hearty portions and we enjoyed them.The coffee is also really good!
4	It's lovely in here and it has a great menu - especially for brunch. My eggs benny was good except for the slightly undercooked eggs. Runny whites ew. But they left me alone while I made use of their wifi for a couple of hours so they won back some points. :)
4	I've had brunch here a few times and sometimes it's difficult to get a table. The homemade baked beans with sourdough and feta is delish! Little bit pricey thou
4	HOLD IT. HOLD IT. As some of you know, I am on an ongoing mission to find the greatest Eggs Benedict in all of Egginburgh. For many months, Kilimanjaro Coffee has held the crown. No longer. No longer.I don't know what made it so amazing here. The bacon, for a start, is not how I like my bacon - it was streaky and on the side, instead of back rashers sitting snugly under their eggy blankets. And yet. And yet. And yet. The eggs were poached to perfection and, once cut into, ran free and wild across my plate with joyous abandon. The muffins on which they were served were light and fluffy. The hollandaise was absolutely packed with flavour - with the addition of a quick sprinkle of black pepper, it blew my mind. And the bacon... just... worked. It just did. It's magic. The dish, teamed with a creme caramel rooibos, set this urban wanderer winging her way, harp and all, up to cloud nine in seventh heaven.Urban Angel is surprisingly capacious inside, made of lots of little rooms, but don't come here if you suffer from any kind of body dysmorphia as much of their decor consists of mirrors - including a charming pair in the shape of wings. The recess into which the hand basin fits in the poky little ladies' is also panelled with mirrors (which is kinda weird when you stand up to pull up yer knickers, know what I'm sayin'?). It's also below street level so you'll more than likely lose phone signal.But when they've got eggs like that, and a menu that includes a raw chocolate shake, endless smoothies, Eteaket teas, Edward & Irwyn hot chocolates, and lots more unbelievably scrumptious things, you can forgive a few little things like that.
3	A Saturday afternoon event with the Yelp ladies brought me to Urban Angels on Union Street. Unfortunately I did not have enough time to have anything else on their menu but a hot chocolate and cheesecake but those were fine :)It's a very busy place at weekends and famous for there brunch menu, but I think it suffers a little in terms of coziness...so definitely a spot for meeting friends for a weekend catch-up over breakfast but they won't take reservations on weekends - so either come early or be prepared to wait or have a plan be.Consider coming a little earlier is my tip ;)
5	Oh hot chocolate - you are devine!  My choice of tangerine and spice was a good and was heavenly!I haven't ever visited this nor the other branch of urban angel, but I like the feel of both places.  the decor just works. that's it.The llovely lady server was always filling up our water and making sure everything was a-ok for all of us.  Kept a smile all the time whilst taking single orders for hot choccies and then cakes.  And when it came to paying up seperately - not an eye lid battered!my cake was the orange, almond seabuck thorn slice.  I have ever heard of sea buckthorn before but I'm please i tried this.  It's also gluten free, which is a bonus.  I'm not gluten free but know a few people who are.  I like to try alternatives.  I read up on what sea buck thorn is and will be sourcing some soon!  The hot chocolate was as it should be. Rich, hot and chocolately! The cake was devine.  I'm defo coming on a return visit for either lunch or dinner!
