5	Great food and great atmosphere. Like the simplistic of the entrees and appetizers. Must try 30 hours Sous Vide Berkshire Pork Belly!!! Unexpected flavor combos that taste amazing! If your big fan of kimchi try "Kimchi Pasta with Smoked Mackerel" Nice selection of beers as well. Well done!!!
5	I would say this place is very nice, and the customer service is top notch. They have the best Tapas that I had in long time, the owner Ryan is great. He is very friendly. I would suggest this place to any one who is looking for good tapas and chill and drink beer and wine. I will be returning soon here.
5	Not my type of eatery but the food and service was absolutely amazing.  Each dish ( shrimp rock, three beef combo, black noodles) oozed with flavor and was unique. Even the chicken wings tasted interesting.  I'm by no means a meat specialist, but the one I ate here was one of the best I've ever had.  Wish this place had more stuff for the kids.   Overall A ++++
5	Located across the Charleston campus, Moko is a contemporary tapas restaurant with a few unique Korean-inspired selections. I thought the concept was intriguing but to be frank, I didn't know what to expect. Kimchee tacos maybe? The cross-culture tapas menu is definitely trending these days so needless to say, I was excited to try it out. As soon as you walk in, there's a bar at the corner, which is nice because I don't recall any bars in the area. If you attend CSN or happen to be around the area and need a quick fixer, this seems like a good location. I mean they have Fat Tire on tap, which is awesome and my favorite :) Because it was a soft opening, I had a chance to chat with the chef, who used to work at a restaurant at the Wynn. Like most tapas menu, it is inspired to feature 'socialize food' that is best suited with wine or a beer. With that being said, let's get to the food!For the most part, you can find what you would expect from a regular tapas restaurant, with chicken wings or veggie choices, so it's really not that unusual. However, there are a few unique ones such as the Beef Tataki that comes with a homemade Moko sauce, which is seriously addictive. Highly recommend! My favorite, and probably the best example for the Korean-inspired dish, is the Black Bean Noodles, which is called Jjajangmyun. It's pretty simple, just egg, noodles and black bean sauce but it was one of the best I've had. I liked the menu because it had selections that's unique such as the Beef Tataki and others that's more filling like the Black Bean Noodles.As for price, I thought it was fair considering the quality of the dish. However, if you're really hungry, the bill can stack up, but that's pretty much a given in any tapas restaurant! They are aiming to create a more experiential and enjoyable atmosphere, which I can totally get, just give me a glass of wine! :) It's a great place to swing by after work or to have a drink with someone that is slightly more intimate than usual, especially in its proximity. All in all, I was very impressed by the overall presentation and selections. I'm excited to see how the restaurant evolves as they continue to work on their menu!
5	This is what a dining experience is supposed to be like:  adventurous and delicious food with impeccable service. The late hours, classy decor, and Fat Tire on tap are all just bonuses. The owner and chef taking their time to introduce themselves and discuss their restaurant are the extra above-and-beyond kicking it up to five stars.Owner Ryan Chang is personable and friendly, full of suggestions to help navigate a menu where everything sounds like something you have to try. Opted to start with the GLASS NOODLES IN ONION SOUP ($8_, which was delicate and classic in the French style. Four thin and flavorful slices of NY Strip within the soup add just the perfect amount of flavor, making this an excellent and subtle starter dish.Followed up with the chef's special, SHRIMP RISOTTO ($12), plated beautifully with an entire, enormous shrimp (possibly actually a prawn?) surrounded by delicate risotto with mushrooms. Again, delicious and subtle- Chef Hong's classical training is very much evident in each dish.Lastly we went for the CHICKEN WINGS ($8 for 6), very lightly breaded and topped in a light sauce that was almost a glaze. Plated beautifully, again, and accompanied by daikon, which served almost as a palate cleanser.Had to try dessert- Ryan recommended the special CREME BRULEE ($5), using a berry popular in Asia. I can't recall it's specific name but the taste was magical, each bite literally tasted different, with notes of sweet, then bitter, sour and a touch salty throughout the dining experience. Truly an adventurous dish.Following our dessert, Chef Hong came out to introduce himself and ask how his dishes were received- overwhelmingly positive experience! Owner made the effort to learn our names over our visit and escorted us out the door when we left.Stellar service and phenomenal food. So glad we live so close, we will be making this a regular date night dining stop. Already planning which dishes we want to try next!EDIT:Have returned for the roasted eggplant salad, surf and turf roll, smoked mackerel kimchi pasta, and the house smoked salmon- still exceptional.They also are now open for lunch service, with a selection of rice and noodle dishes that ALL look amazing and aren't available at dinner.
5	Review is a little more towards 4.5 stars for me~Items sampled were 30 Hour Sous Vide Berkshire Pork Belly, Black Bean Sauce Noodle, Beef Tataki, Chicken Pottage, and Spicy Chicken Thigh, in that order.Moko is the newest take on Modern Asian Fusion, though in this case it is a twist on Korean food. I haven't sampled much fusion Korean, but this first foray had some excellent flavors and the execution of each dish was spot on.My personal favorite was the Pork Belly - it was tender, but the fat from the pork belly was not too powerful like in some variations. While the portion is quite small for a 13 dollar price point, the tastes are top notch. In my How Korean Is It scale (HKII), I'd say it was a 5/10. Bonus points for the little roasted veggies and the underlying mung bean crepe. This could be served at any high-end restaurant, as far as I'm concerned.The Black Bean Noodle was another excellent tasting dish, though this one was more in line with its roots. I'd say it's like an HKII 8/10. I was slurping up all the sauce afterwards too. This one is a little heartier than some of the meat-only dishes.Next followed the Beef Tataki which had some very tender and moist slices of high quality meat. This one wasn't particularly memorable to me for some reason, but everything about it tasted great and the presentation was good too. HKII 6/10.The Chicken Thigh was probably where I had the most to be picky about - Don't get me wrong, it's an excellent piece of chicken thigh, cooked to be moist and tender and the sauce is quite tasty. It just lacked some substance - maybe a breading or if it was served with a tiny bit of starch or veggies even. The sauce puts this at HKII 4/10.I enjoyed the Chicken Pottage quite a bit - it was the heartiest and most filling dish of the evening and had some very good flavor to it. Even for a porridge, it looked impressive to me visually. I don't remember the last time I had Samgyetang so I can't really judge on How Korean It Is... But my guess would have been like a 6/10. I would definitely tell a person going here not to expect traditional Korean food but a modern take on fusion. I'm looking forward to trying out some more of the flavors here as a lot of them were nuanced and complex, compared to your typical Korean dishes.While I felt my meal was very satisfying to my taste buds, I did feel like I wanted more - now given I was sharing with two other people we could have certainly tried some more but we decided to save it for the next trip. If there was one thing I could suggest for the menu, I'd like some more heartier options (almost like a filler!) Moko is a Tapas bar, and Tapas often means you always have the option of paella and such, so having like a shared bowl of "modern" bibimbap or something might be a fun twist on that idea.Price adds up here, but not so much more than a typical tapas place with a very high quality. I felt the effort put into each dish, and the plating pictures on the Yelp are not dolled up at all. Big props to the chef for that and I hope the quality remains!
5	I had three thoughts running through my head as my wife and I were walking out.1. Outfuckingstanding!!2. I am having this, this and this next time.3. We better come back soon because popularity is inevitable and I am going to dread when I'll have to wait 30+ minutes for a table.  I'll do it though.  Eating at the bar was great since we were able to chat with Woosuk aka Ryan aka the owner throughout our meal.  He handles everything with Moko except for the cooking.  That's left to Chef Hong who is a goooooodddddaaaamn culinary wizard!!  That guy is a total one man show coming in at 10am daily to prep all their amazing stuff for dinner when doors open at 5pm.    Just discussing the effort and detail Hong goes into preparing plates like the delectable beef short rib (butchering the beef himself, select bones to cook with to enhance the flavor, 3+ hours of cooking etc) was inspiring.  A well presented dish, the beefy fattiness of the short rib accompanied by crispy garlic, gratin and amazing sauce was heavenly.    Christina Perri's "A Thousand Years" was playing while I savored it all and it seemed very fitting.  It's not often that an Asian restaurant includes a spoon for their table setting but Ryan is smart enough to know the sauce for not only the short rib but others like their "Black Bean Noodle" will/need/must be scooped up out of the bowl.  It sure looks a lot more elegant than sticking my face into it.  Genius!   They offer Berkshire pork belly cooked for either 10 or 30(!!!) hours.  Even though the 10 hour belly is tenderer, how could I pass up 20 more hours of cooking for $1 more?  It was like nothing I'd ever had before.  The soybean paste marinade with the kimchi crepe and their homemade black raspberry marinated salt (who does that???) was exceptional. The grilled then chilled eggplant salad with micro greens and tomato was refreshing and flavorful.  We also got an order of the fried soy chicken wings which was like modern soul food with the unique breading and honey glaze.  There was absolutely nothing left but bones.  I entered Moko expecting a decent meal and left having an excellent one.  There's nothing quite like this in Vegas at the moment.  Go go go!!
5	Went for the second time last weekend and had another great experience. Was pleasantly surprised to see that the prices went down a little! Food was excellent and prepared perfectly. I particularly enjoyed the shrimp risotto and the Surf and Turf. Stone IPA and Fat Tire on draft, pretty much you can order 5-6 dishes with a couple beers and walk out happy and satisfied
5	I was really impressed by this place. The food had very good presentation and it tasted very delicious. This will definitely be my new hang out spot.The owner and chef were.very nice and attentive. This is the kind of place you really want to support.
5	Ok....Time for the "tough guy" to admit he's "met his match". I am going to have to agree with my friends Phillip T, Stefany V., and the others, and unanimously give it Five Stars!!!All of you know that if I give 5 stars, you're not going to walk away with out being totally satisfied. This is the real thing.I started out with the house salad. It was almost a meal in itself. Great collection of mixed greens, with a dressing that should be bottled. Great starter. I then ordered the Spicy Bean Salmon. Unreal!!!! Could have stopped there, but why, when we were on a roll. My wife ordered the Spicy Black Bean Noodle. We shared it. She said she'll be trying to make this one at home. I throughly enjoyed it. To top it off, my wife enjoyed the more than generous portion of Chicken Wings, pictured in one of the reviews below. It was right on par with one of the best Chicken places in Los Angeles, that makes the trip to LA worth the drive!After wondering in a wasteland of mediocre and second rate eateries, oh to find this Oasis!!!Here's the amazing part; the tab was actually under $30 for two. Ok, you guys trying to impress girls with Gourmet food, on a College Budget; this is your place. The ambiance is very good, and even though it's tapas, they dress it up with linen napkins and good flatware. Let's get out there and support this establishment. We sat and talked with Ryan and as Stefany will attest,  will make it his business to see you have one of the most throughly enjoyable meals at an affordable price.
5	Will be back to try more items, but I'm sold on the ten hour pork. Don't skip out on the braised shortrib. If you like chicken wings then try the soy wings.If you don't like mackerel I wouldn't suggest the kimchi pasta. For me it was good but not my favorite.
5	First fushioned Korean tapas worth coming to. I had an orgasmic time eating all these tapas. My next visit in Vegas I'll be back for another orgasm. Come one come all.
5	Per Philip T review...... this place is outfuckingstanding!!!! Food was awesome had an array of dishes and loved all of them. I can compare this to the high end restaurants on the strip! Yes it's that's good! I usually don't like tapas but this is exceptional. The decor is very nicely done except there are no cushions on the seats or benches that's the only complaint that I have. The service was great as well. Very nice for a date night. Restaurant is pretty small but very nice.
5	Frequently in LV and stumbled onto this gem.  Typically when someone says Korean fusion I think of tacos then get depressed because that has been done over and over.  To be fair they also have tacos, which I didn't like (too hard to eat and bulgogi was too sweet), but Ill forgive them because everything else was amazing!  We started with the eggplant salad which was refreshing and a great way to start the meal, then moved into the heavy guns.  Chicken Pottage and Mackerel Pasta were my favorites, the porridge had great flavor and the poached egg added a lot of creaminess.  We also really enjoyed the Monkfish and Chicken Thigh, very delicately prepared.  I wasn't as blown away with the black bean noodle as other reviewers have noted.  Looking forward to trying the pork belly next time.Happy eatings!
5	You moko me crazy! No seriously, is this real life? Chef Hong killed it last night! You could really tell that he tasted every morsel and made sure it was exceptional before serving it.When we dined here, we had the entire restaurant to ourselves! We were warmly welcomed and received world class service by the owner, Woosuk (Ryan). He treated us like we were old friends and he was extremely attentive and gracious. He's definitely a charming and funny character! We joked around and talked most of the night. I have never in my life have such an amazing host at a restaurant before, thank you so much Ryan! This style of dining caters to the food fanatic. This is not a place where you just eat, just to eat - this is the type of place where you'll want to savor with your eyes closed and let all of the ingredients dance on your tongue in perfect harmony. There is such a high level of artistry that went into each and every dish that Chef Hong put out. Seriously incredible.We tried dishes from every section (salad, meat, soup, seafood, noodle) sadly, except for poultry and dessert. Oh how I wish my stomach was bigger! We'll just have to make an event out of those two categories the next time we come then! It was a privilege to taste each of these plates:Bulgogi Beef Tacos $9 - 3 tenderloin bulgogi tacos, pear, date sauce, soy sauce, mustard aioli, lime aioli all in a thin crispy shell - The bulgogi was so freaking tender and buttery! Each little morsel melted on my tongue. I loved the super thin, delicate and crispy shell they were in. I'm a sauce junkie so the 3 dots of sauce were not enough for me! I'll have to make sure to request more of their delicious sauces the next time I come. 10 hour Braised Berkshire Pork Belly $12 - soy sauce marinated pork belly, crisp sweet potato, silky skinned and sweet cherub tomato, Kimchi crepe, black raspberry marinated sea salt - This pork was exceptionally prepared and all of the components of the dish shined. The pork was extra tender and delicate. It was seasoned expertly! Make sure to take a bite of the pork with a bite of the juicy, smooth skinned cherub tomato - that's the perfect bite! Beef Short Rib $14 - braised marinated prime short rib, crispy garlic, luscious gratin, demi-glace - Is this heaven? Explosive flavor! The short rib was so incredibly meaty, rich, buttery, and melt in your mouth good. The crispy garlic chips added incredible pops of texture and surprising flavor. I loved it. The creamy potato gratin was super luscious and addicting - it was the best choice to pair with the short rib. This was one of my top dishes of the night! Bean Sauce Noodle $7 - egg white noodle, black bean sauce, pork, onion, carrot, zucchini, green onionpoached egg - Oooh you fancy, jjajangmyun! The noodles were cooked perfect and al dente, the sauce was loaded up on flavor, oh man and the poached egg, you know it, silky luscious egg porn! This is the best gourmet black bean noodles I have ever had. Hot Spicy Beef Soup $7 - beef brisket, mung bean sprouts, carrot, onion, green onion, spicy wholesome beef broth - Warmth for the soul. The brisket was crazy tender. The broth was very wholesome and comforting. It reminded me of eating in my best friends grandmother's Korean kitchen.Eggplant Salad $7 - grilled eggplant, cherub tomato, grilled Shishito pepper, micro green, Moko dressing - This cold dish was very light, delicate, and refreshing! The grilled eggplant was grilled perfectly and tender, but very smooth and buttery when you bit into it. I also loved the delicate micro greens, they added pops of beautiful peppery notes. Shrimp Risotto $13 - sake-steamed shrimp, shiitake mushroom, mushroom risotto - Wow!!! What an epic finale to our meal! Chef Hong brought out all of his tricks on this dish. He used every single part of the shrimp and coaxed so much flavor out of the sweet juicy shrimp head. He even surprised us with delicious shrimp eggs on our plate! What a treat! You could really taste the deep flavor of the sweet ocean in the risotto. Also, the risotto was extremely creamy and seasoned with precision. The best part was the shrimp was steamed to perfection! I'm in love.Incredible food, great conversation, and wonderful company! Moko has our vote! My boyfriend and I enjoyed our evening thoroughly and we couldn't stop talking about them after dinner and the next day (and the next day). We are looking forward to return very soon.(Fun Fact: I am Moko's 20th review and this also marks my 200th review!)
5	So I went to Moko the other night and I have been craving the Short Ribs bad... Can't wait to come back. The chef came out and introduced himself and Ryan (owner) is one the nicest people I have ever met.
5	Simply put... Must try! Really thoughtful flavors in the dishes and delightful atmosphere. Tapas done right. My boyfriend and I were looking for late night tapas close to Red Rock and found this yelp gem. Definitely see why the reviews are so high. I wasn't sure if they were open as we drove by because the restaurant was empty. It could be so easy to overlook. Although, having the restaurant to ourselves was nice. The inside is very clean and modern with a romantic/chill variety of music that I appreciated. We ordered three dishes: beef tataki, black bean noodles, and the 10 hour pork belly. The dishes were brought out in this order and only when we had completed the one before. This really allowed us to enjoy each one separately.Without going into too much detail, I have to say that I would not change a thing about each of the three dishes we ordered. The flavors were perfectly paired and really unique. I found myself gushing over the plating as well. The dishes looked as delicious as they tasted. I can't wait to try the rest of the menu when I return with a bigger appetite!I feel so bad that the location is probably not the easiest to find or stumble upon, but I will definitely be returning and bringing more ppl!
5	This place was very very good. The service was great. We came for lunch and had the shrimp fried rice and Bulgogi noodles and it was more than enough foe both of us. Will def. Come back!
4	So far all the dishes we have tried: eggplant salad, spicy chicken wing, black bean noodle, short ribs, shrimp risotto,  beef tataki & surf & turf roll was excellent! The creme brulle dessert is so delish.  We are definitely coming back to try the 30 hour marinate pork belly. Great service, nice atmosphere & i love the music they play.
5	My husband & I went here for the first time Sunday night. The atmosphere is nice & relaxing & the decor is modern & clean. Every dish we had was exceptional & cooked to perfection. The service was wonderful, very friendly & attentive. I would absolutely recommend checking this place out & can't wait to go back!!
5	We came here because of the great Yelp reviews. We were not disappointed!  We arrived at about 1:30 and they were serving from the lunch menu.  I had the kimchi fried rice with bacon. It was delicious. My wife had noodles with black bean sauce. Both dishes came out hot, fresh, tasty and excellent.   The service was great.   The owner was very personable.  We will definitely come back here for dinner!
1	Expensive and small portions! Im a server and bartender . I went with my friend because of the great reviews but the reviews were obviously made by friends of the employees... The food tasted great but it was SMALL portions. $ 12 a plate for two bites small! ( I'm a lite eater and only weigh 100 pounds so when I say small I mean SMALL!) Wine was not on the list but we ordered it anyways.. It was 120$!?!? Still hungry after paying so much was insane! Server was very very nice and helpful and took off half the price for the wine so the bill came out to around 100 dollars. Good and service was phenomenal but it was soooo expensive. I don't recommend.
5	Beautiful, sophisticated tapas that were delightfully affordable.  The 30 hr pork belly was outstanding as was the recommended sake with a hint a Asian pear.  We were a large group from a long work day and were treated and fed very well.  The owner was helpful, polite and offered to drive us back to our hotel when our cab didn't show. Who does that?  No one. I am Seattle and a bit of a foodie....this place def gets 5 stars.
5	Ryan is the best! Brought the family this round and we had the following: 30 hr pork belly, shrimp tempura, chicken wings with soy base, beef tacos, smoked mackerel pasta and shrimp fried rice! My fam loved it and Moko has gained new fans. My daughter loved the rice, shrimp, wings and belly!
3	We came here last night to try out the next joint. It was pretty dead for a Friday night and the yelp site said that it was booked until 10, so that was bizarre. I would like to mention that the service was excellent. The owner/manager that was there was so friendly and helpful. Always smiling and always checking on us. The decor and cleanliness was excellent. I struggle with the 3 stars because of the prices of the food and taste. The food was good, but it wasn't amazing for the prices. We had about 5 tapas plates and I would say the best was the sea bass and the 10 hour braised pork. The Chilean sea bass had a delicious hot red sauce that made the dish. And the braised pork was delicious. Other than that, the other dishes lacked in taste. Especially the yellowtail. It actually tasted a little odd and dry. The beers were pretty expensive too. Each Japanese beer was $8 each. Most places around town that aren't on the strip are around $5 for premium crafts beers. The tab for two of us was $110. I would like to go back and try out more dishes to make a better decision. At this time, I'm stuck on the fence.
4	"Nope.  No way.  I'm not going to an 'Asian' restaurant recommended by a white dude from the Midwest that isn't on W  Sahara.  Not going to happen" I say, arms crossed."Yeah but you won the bet.  I paid for the car so I get to choose.  You can sit in the car if you like.  It's only 108.  I'll crack a window for you" he says triumphantly.And for once...Impressive.A cross between Korean and other Asian cuisines using  western ingredients.  Each dish is very well constructed.  Each with a nod towards Korean flavors.  Each using those flavors to elevate other ingredients.True standouts after sampling almost the entire menu include:10 hour braised and the 30 hour sous vide Berkshire pork belly.  The braised belly, with it's perfectly seared finish, tender and juicy, the sous vide belly, meltingly tender, well rendered.  Both pre-marinated in soy for an earthy sweetness.  Both served in natural jus with kimchi crepe.  Crispy shoestring sweet potato adds the perfect textural foil.The cold smoked yellowtail and salmon, both over apricot wood that imparts a gentle sweetness is impressive.  The first garnished with apple, the second with orange.  A dusting of ground laver and a dressing of a apricot sauce mixed with Korean chili powder for subtle heat that enhances the natural sweetness of the cold smoked fish..Not to be missed, a perfectly pan roasted monk fish with over a bed of root veg dressed with Korean chili powder,.  A shrimp risotto (sake steamed shrimp, shitake mushroom risotto topped with a crispy deep fried shrimp head.  The black Bean sauce noodles, so seemingly simple but once you mix the egg yolk through the dish, explodes with velvety, fermented goodness.  Finally a smoked mackerel pasta; think mentaiko with  morsels of slightly bitter fish atop pasta mixed with just the right amount of kimchee.  Excellent service.  Sit at the bar for the best experience.  The only weakness is the wine, sake, soju list.Strip worthy at off Strip prices.
5	I come here all the time now, this place is just so good. I'm a student at CSN and last year when it was under construction I always wanted to try out what they got when  they finally open, and once I came back and saw that they opened, I came by immediately the very first week at school and I must admit, I'm a regular at this place. But gosh, it's so good and undeniably delicious. It's such a treat to eat Korean food (it's one of my favourite foods) and man the flavor and love they put in just blows me away. Hell I always used Yelp to find places to eat but this is the first time I've decided to review a location. It's that good.They recently came out with a lunch menu that features ALOT of good food for $10 and under, I suggest this place for students (like myself) who want a hearty and healthy lunch.  Ps. They also give 10% off for students with I.D.'s and for faculty too!
5	My experience at moko tapas was great! My good friend Ryan just opened this place up and I'm so proud of him. He work so hard! Anyway, let's go back to the business about food. Haha I'm a food lover... I eat pretty much anything! Well moko's tapas food was amazing delicious. That's why I would definitely go back here and eat again. The only issue with me is... I eat a lot! I just didn't get full on the spot. That's why tapas is not an everyday place for me to eat. But overall love love love the tasty food! Great service too!
5	So.... How to begin.... I've been here twice in one day to eat.... And u know what that means?  The food rocked! :-)  I'm picky about who I give my 5 starts to.  I know I am! Can't help it especially since I'm in the food industry. :-)Lunch was a simpler easier menu that seemed based off of quick and easily to share food.  Duh. Tapas style u know? :-D it had a good range of Korean and Japanese.  The kimchi fried rice,  bi bim bap and yakisoba (made with udon noodles) were YUMMILICIOUS.  :-) I had other dishes but those three were my favorites but everything I had was good.  :-)Dinner was more "fine dining" style. I had the 30 hour Berkshire pork... melt in your mouth fatty deliciousness. Yum! The crust on the chicken wing was so light and yet so delicious.  They cook the chicken sous vide in curry for an added depth of flavor before tossing in whichever sauce u choose.  OMG. Delicious and so crispy.  :-)  Black bean noodle (jja-jjang-myun) with egg white noodle... totally was not expecting the noodle but the mouth chew was fantastic.  Love love loved it!  And if u like SPICY food, ask the server about their soon to be added to the menu spicy ramen noodle.  I love heat and it brought it!  So spicy and yet I could not stop eating it! :-) just thinking about it is making me drool. :-POverall, I can't wait to come and eat here again... whether lunch or dinner both menus were over the top awesome! :-)
5	I came in for lunch with friends. Immediately, I was impressed with the service and the quality of the food.  Ryan does an excellent job running the place.We ordered the Chicken Yakisoba, Kimchi Fried Rice, and Bibimbap. The dishes were so good, I kept eating and honestly, I couldn't tell when I was full.The food was so good, I came back for dinner later that day. And I ate to my stomach's limits.  Still full.  So great. Planning on bringing friends back in the future.
5	I Had the shrimp tempura & the shrimp fried rice. Very good. My husband also had the green tea ice cream. Perfect spot for a date night.
5	Love, Love, Love this place!!!Atmosphere is great, decor is nice, music is good, very nice for date night!Food is Amazing!!!Started with Mu sake, YAY!!The 30 hour pork belly is FABULOUS! This is an absolute must!The short rib is FABULOUS! And again this is an absolute must!I had the fiery noodles and YES... they are fiery, really fiery, and they were GREAT!!We also loved the spicy tempura shrimp and the stuffed chicken thigh.Service is impeccable and food is really, really amazing!! Going back Friday!
5	So I read the reviews on here about the food, and boy were they on point absolutely delicious, my favorite dishes were the Chilean sea bass, the chicken thigh and the shrimp risotto, so yummy! we will definetly be coming here again
4	Very tasty food somewhat different .That why I enjoy it The waiters are very nice and helpful
5	Now on my list of go to restaurants every time I visit Las Vegas.  I am not a gambler but visit LV regularly to eat, eat, eat some more, and play some golf.  Very impressed with the menu.  One of those restaurants where you want to try everything on the menu.  Short ribs were buttery and flavorful, kimchee fried rice was great, spicy popcorn chicken was tasty but could have used more sauce, tempura shrimp was a tad too sweet but still very good, Chilean Sea Bass was perfectly cooked and delicious.  I even liked the strawberry nigori sake.  Overall, a great little restaurant where I still need to try quite a few more dishes.
5	Visiting from Tucson and wanted something off the strip.  Followed  previous Yelp reviews and glad we did.  Food was delicious and just  right amount of spice . We had Beef Short Rib, Beef Goyza (6) Spicy Wings (6)Clean...friendly staff, and when in Vegas we will return.
5	I was supposed to meet my friends for lunch today and I ended up getting lost. I stumbled upon this place thanks to Yelp.First impressions coming in, I noticed how clean it looks. Very trendy, I like the modern meets retro feel of the place.  Good choice in music to compliment. Ordered the Honey Chicken Teriyaki with a salad on the side.  Definitely love the presentation of the food and it taste good to boot.  $8 well spent!  The owner Ryan was extremely kind and provided excellent service. Definitely recommend! Kinda glad I got lost! Lol
5	great service great food specially i love in side of store :D
5	I went here on a date with a serious foodie, and we both LOVED everything we got which is the 10 hour pork belly, beef tataki, yellowtail tuna, and for dessert Strawberry mochi and creme brulee. The service was on point. When we went on a Saturday night it was empty except for a couple people at the bar, and based on that our food came out quickly. The server was attentive and ambiance was perfect. We will be regulars to this place. (Will put up some pictures later.)
5	Look beyond the strip mall and neighborhood, and try Moko.  Its definitely worth it!Went for lunch.  They have a lunch menu (dinner menu also available) which is geared for quick lunches and bowls.  All of the food was great!  The salad had good flavor. Prices were very reasonable, about $10 / dish at lunch.Want to go back for dinner and try all of the delicious dishes.Go.  Run!  Go to Moko!
5	from the service to the food to the experience!! Went with a few co-workers for an after work dinner and had a good conversation time!Our server was very helpful and personable but not pushy or too comfortable. He gave us suggestions and opinions to help us make our plate selections. We decided to do it family style to try a few plates..get the 30 hour pork belly!! We all shared and left feeling full and didn't break the bank!! Best of all..the experience. The ambiance was very comfortable and relaxing. There was a couple sitting next to us and it felt very perfect for them..a "date night" restaurant. The lights were dim and subtle and the music in the back round was of all genres but of a soothing and loving tune. I so suggest giving Moko a try!!
4	It is projected that 2 of the top 3 selling liquors in the world will be Soju again this year!  That's pretty amazing.  What is the perfect pairing for Soju?...Moko Special Fiery Noodles!!! Rather spicy, but oh so good!  The first time I had these wonderful noodles I was so enthralled that my wife happily ordered me a 2nd serving. Man, I love her!  The thing that makes these noodles so good is that when you take a bite there is a seductive dance that takes place on your tongue between thousands of Capsaicin Spice Demons and Ancestral Korean Matriarchs.  Since this dance happens on your tongue your taste buds become engorged and heightened to taste sensations.  I recommend this.  Seriously though, I love Korean spice because it brings with it a sweetness and depth of flavor that is often missing in other spicy dishes that are this hot.Moko claims to serve Asian fusion tapas inspired by Korean cuisine. This is true, yet they are often refered to as Korean fusion since many dishes contain a Korean base/backbone. Their website is thoughtful enough to have pictures of most of the items.Most of what I've had here is a solid 4 stars.  In addition to the Fiery Noodles, I'd come back for the following:Black Bean Noodles -Egg white noodle, black bean sauce, pork, onion, carrot, zucchini, green onion, poached egg.Steamed Broccoli - Lightly dressed in a sweet soy and most certainly worth the price! Eggplant Salad -Grilled eggplant, cherry tomato, grilled shishito pepper, dressing.Surf & Turf Roll -Bulgogi meat ball, Chilean sea bass, red wine marinated pear.The 30 hour Braised Pork Belly was good, but not one of my favorite renditions of Pork Belly.  I am also not typically a fan of Chicken Pottage and Moko's version didn't change my mind.I would still like to try their Chilean Sea Bass with Spicy Veggies, Shrimp Risotto, and Spicy Chicken Thigh.
5	Family owned and run. Convenient location.  Small and delightfully intimate. So comfortable, you will feel right at home. Incredible, personalized service. Yum yum yum! Eat everything you can before you're dead :-)
5	Very delicious!!! Love Asian food and nice to have a tapas place to sample multiple dishes.
5	I wish there were more stars. But, alas, I'm limited to only 5. The food is gourmet quality, the atmosphere is comfortable, and the service is very polite and friendly. One thing to remember while you're there is that this is a tapas restaurant. Hence, the portions are smaller then other restaurant portions. But the important thing is the quality. I've been there three times and have tried new things every time. Everything from the Yakisoba, to the Bibimpap to the 30-hour sous vide pork belly has been sublime. Ryan, the owner, is so friendly and gracious as a host. I brought my two very small children in to the restaurant and he took time out to play with them and make sure they were happy, as well as the parents. If you're reading this review, you should come to this restaurant for truly great food. There's a good chance we'll cross paths there.
5	Experience:  I really like this place.  I have been here about 5 or 6 times and they never disappoint. Food: The food is alway delicious. I have been for dinner, snacks with drinks, and now I have attended the prix fix menu they have introduced on Sat night special parties. The last dinner party we went to, they had a salad with the tastiest dressing I've had in a long time. The next course was a chicken katsu which was cooked perfectly. Then they had ice cream for desert. Everything was good!Service: The owner is a very sweet guy that makes you feel at home.  He and his staff are the consummate professionals and go out of their way up give good service. Facility: this is a small cozy restaurant that still has a modern atmosphere and decor. There are about 30 seats, including a few at a small bar. Overall review:  This will continue to be a regular hangout for me and my friends. 5 star food and service!
5	Stopped in here with my wife and son and was very impressed. Although we were literally the only customers here (right before closing), it was a pretty impressive little spot nicely located near Torrey Pines and Charleston. I had bulgogi noodles that were very flavorful and also shared mixed tempura plate and additional plate of shrimp tempura.  The veggies were perfectly soft and the tempura batter was absolutely perfect!! I have never had such a flavorful dipping sauce that tasted like soy sauce perfectly infused with the right amount of ginger!!! Will definitely be back here again!!!!
5	I went here based on Yelp reviews and found the food to be absolutely delicious.  The portions are on the small side, but they are infused with such tasteful ingredients and perfectly prepared.  I went during the week and had no problem getting a seat right away and the service is so very, very friendly but professional.
5	I rarely Yelp anymore since Vegas just isn't a good city for it, but I felt compelled to share about my experience here because the food and service are amazing and people need to hear about it. This place needs to be in Chinatown or on Eastern. Not enough people have experienced it. Moko serves Korean Fusion tapas. So if you like Korean food and/or tapas, you'll love this. We had the 10 hour braised pork belly, beef tataki, spicy popcorn chicken, chicken pottage, seated yellowtail salad, surf and turf roll, black bean noodles, and dessert was green tea mochi ice cream on the house. Everything was delicious. I personally liked the surf and turf roll and black bean noodles the most. Every dish was prepared and plated beautifully and the owner was very kind and polite. I highly recommend this place.
5	I came here for a private tasting. There were seven dishes served, each a delightful, and at times, unexpected, twist on some classic apps. My three faves were: Deep-fried curry chicken wings (if they sold them in a bucket, I would be so happy) Beef tacos (made with bulgogi!)Spicy prawnsThe vibe was hip and modern. Very intimate setting, so it was perfect for the party. I definitely want to come back for lunch!
5	Moko is very tastefully decorated.  The ambiance is upscale, yet casual.  The service was impeccable, and the food was nothing short of amazing.  We ordered the original chicken tempura and sesame chicken teriyaki from the lunch menu, which came with salad, broccoli, cucumbers, rice, and mochi all for $13.  Look for the Prix Fixe deal!We also tried the kimchi bacon fried rice, seared yellowtail salad, and spicy shin ramyun noodle soup.  All this plus a 24 oz. Stone IPA draft beer, and the bill was under $50.  I can't even find the words to express how delicious the chicken, fried rice and yellowtail salad were.  Good thing I took photos.  I'm going back next week to try the marinated pork belly.
5	I found jjajangmyeon!!!!!!1one -insert celebratory victory dance here-So.. Moko Asian Bistro ended up being one of my foodie wins of 2014.. and we're at the end of the year.  I'm not even sure where to start.. I appreciate the variety you can get in tapas / small plates, I heart Asian fusion, Korean IS my comfort food, and Moko hit all the above.   Instead of going through the lunch/dinner menu I ran through the small plates one and got the salmon with black bean sauce.. this is the jjajang sauce I've been missing in my life.  Jjajangmyeon is also available on the menu but this was a nice execution of jjajang and salmon.  It does not exist in traditional places, it's flippin genius. Other people on here mentioned the 30hours braised berkshire pork belly so I ran with it.  It has "kimchi crepe" under it but those who are familiar with Korean food will recognize it as kimchi-jun or kimchi pancake, with this black raspberry marinated salt.. I couldn't tell it was a flavored salt but it worked with the pork belly and that happy fluffy comforting kimchi-jun-ness.  I also went for the eggplant salad, it has micro greens, was crisp, light house dressing.. I can't really feel like.. I can review a salad and taking it seriously, but it's worth mentioning the presentation was really pretty and everything was the way it should be. The presentation on everything that came out was impressive, the last time I saw something plated like the pork belly was at a French restaurant I used to frequent in Scottsdale, AZ. There is a happy hour starting at 5, and I decided to skip the alcohol but honestly it was a little difficult.  They do $2 glasses of wine for the ladies Mon - Thur.. it's something to keep in mind.  This place is smaller than I thought it would be, but it wasn't overly crowded and the owner was very attentive, checking on me and constantly refilling my tea, AND encouraging my usage of Korean despite butchering what little of the language I remember. I'm coming back, and will be attempting a girls thing here.Random note at the end: I'm really disappointed in the pics I took but I did a half ass job in a hurry because I wanted to eat them so check out the pics on Moko's site - mokolasvegas.com .. they're way better.
5	Korean Fusion at its finest.Items sampled:- Smoked Mackerel Pasta- House Smoken Yellowtail- Beef Tacos- Soy Chicken Wing- Black Bean Sauce Noodle- Omiza Creme BruleeI'm almost allergic to Italian pasta overpowered by tomato and/or cream sauce, and it's always a relief when pasta is served simply with subtleties like salt, olive oil and not much else. As such, Smoked Mackerel Pasta was a joy.Beef Tacos came out with tenderloin bulgogi in a thin crispy shell, with three aioli sauce including mustard and lime.Per the onwer's recommendation, we also ordered Soy Chicken Wing - something we usually don't eat but glad we did - it was lightly breaded and lightly sauced yet it maintained crispy texture. Mmmm!And Black Bean Sauce Noodle with egg white noodle, black bean sauce, pork, onion, carrot, zucchini, green onion and a poached egg. It was our first time ever to try black bean sauce noodle and now we're a big fan! So intricate yet mild flavors.Finally, Omija Creme Brulee sealed the deal - it was a perfect closing for the 6 course journey.We're impressed!
4	Asian fusion tapa style, small portions with lots of flavor!  Located right across from CSN, Moko's is a tiny yet trendy spot. Packing flavors from Korea to Japan you'll want to try everything from the Sea bass to the honey spicy chicken wings!  My friends and I tried almost half of the menu tapas and from the lunch menu. My favorites include: sea bass with spicy Vegis, 30 hr pork belly, surf and turf roll.  Ryan was our server and I believe he is the owner as well. He was amazing! Great service, he kept giving us new plates like a high end restaurant would. He also let us try his new tomato bisque soup which isn't on the menu yet!  Overall, Moko is awesome! Great food,Great service I will definitely be back!
4	Ambiance great, the decor was nice.  There weren't many people in their which i thought was odd but the food was great ... love tapas - had the beef short rib, the spicy chicken thigh, beef tatki, chliean sea bass with veggies & the smoked mackerel pasta ... everything was great ... just a little pricey as we didn't make it for the happy hour prices.  Will definitely go again
5	Give this place at least one try!Pros:   Delicious Korean Tapas cuisine   Draft beer, wine, soju and mixed drinks   Friendly and attentive owner   Nice decor   Plenty of parking   Small and cozy (seating may be a problem on busy nights)Cons:   Can get Pricey (especially if you have a big appetite)
5	This place is legit.   It was pretty quiet on a Saturday night with one other table sat.  The owner Ryan immediately came over and greeted/ sat us.  We started out with 2 stone IPAs while looking over the menu.  The menu was very impressive and not a typical/predictable Asian fusion tapas restaurant ( which I have no problem with either) we ordered the black beans noodles with poached egg, kimchi bacon fried rice and the soy chicken wings.  While waiting for our food, Ryan came over and offered us a tasting of a new menu item, the tomato curry bisque.  This was so  perfect on a cold night, had great flavor and consisted of flavors I would never think to put together.  This tasting set the entire tone of the dinner and we knew everything was going to taste great.  When written on a menu some ingrediants were either unfamiliar to me or just not something I would never think of ordering when eating Asian food,  do yourself a flavor and try things you would never usually bother ordering, it will taste great!   The food was great,  service was great,  presentation was excellent, ambiance was cozy and the soundtrack/ playlist was awesome.  When we got the bill I was expecting to pay a lot more then we did since we had such a delicious and enjoyable dining experience and we didn't even break the bank,  I will be back *even the water tasted good.
5	My family and I found this place on yelp, and decided to spend our New Year's Eve here on a whim - couldn't be happier with our decision. Coming from Chicago, I've had plenty of Korean fusion food before, but Moko really stands out in terms of how unique their take on the concept is, and how well they pull it off. The flavor profiles of the dishes are quite varied and work really well - stand outs for me included the sea bass paired with a slaw of mung beans and carrots in spicy sauce, and the braised Korean short ribs paired with potatoes gratin. Really, though, every dish was good - you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Ryan, the owner, was our server, and provided exceptional service - very friendly and attentive while helping us navigate our food allergies, giving recommendations, and even throwing in a complimentary dessert at the end. The food is very fairly priced for the quality - with several rounds of drinks included, the bill came to about $40/person. The atmosphere is elegant but unfussy - perfect for all sorts of occasions. Really, I can't recommend this place enough. Sadly, I'm not local to the region, but I will definitely be back if I'm ever back in Vegas.
5	Amazing. Amazing. I love love tapas style foods. So this place has been calling my name for ages but I just haven't gotten around to checking it out until recently. Very small, cute restaurant. Doesn't have much sitting. We came during Happy Hour which is Mon-thurs 5-7pm. They have $2 house wines for the ladies, Buy 2 Get 1 free soju, half off starters, and I think BOGO on the beers. I got the house wine which was chardonnay and just 1 order of the yogurt soju. For foods we ordered: chicken pottage, seared salmon salad, and fiery noodle. Every thing was extremely delicious. The fiery noodles was ON FIRE! I'm telling you, if you can not handle spicy foods stay away. This is a spicy level 10 x 10! Aside from the fact that I had to keep drinking water after every bite, it was sooooooo good though! the seared salmon salad had good flavors. The salmon seemed really fresh. The chicken pottage was last to come and it was a great end to a meal. It had amazing flavors and it looked really pretty when they brought it out. The wait for our food was pretty long but it was really worth it. And you can tell Everything was made to order. We came in with just maybe 2 tables occupied and the wait for our food was still pretty long. Highly recommended!
4	For Christmas dinner, making a reservation for 14 different people is difficult. We were able to come here and get some set menus. There were 3 different versions mostly with the same dishes and some with different ones. There was 1 one with 5 dishes and the other 2 had 7 dishes. To be honest, the size of the 7 dishes was too much. The 7 dishes were the following and in this order:Eggplant salad - since I don't like eggplant, I only had a small part of it. Everyone else enjoyed it a lot. Chilean sea bass - small piece of sea bass with some spicy veggies underneath. The sea bass was very nicely cooked. Flaky and delicious. The hot sauce mixed with the carrots, onion and sprouts were delicious together. Probably one of my favorite dishes.Chicken thigh - Chicken thigh wrapped around kimchi, zucchini,  and other veggies. The thigh was so moist and sauce was great too!Pork belly - the 5 courses had the 10 hour braised pork belly. This was definitely more flavorful and had a nice texture. Definitely chewier. The 7 courses had the 30 hour sous vided belly that was more chewy. The accompaniments were forgettable but both had the same sweet potato. Short rib - probably my favorite dish. The short rib was nicely cooked and the potatoes that came with it were so delicious.  Gratin yum.  The other dishes that came with the 7 courses are: Seared salmon - salad with basically lightly seared salmon. Very rare salmon, almost sashimi style. Chicken porridge - it's not as good as my mom makes it. But it's as good as any of the restaurant ones I've had. Beef takaki - a little rare for my tastes. Seared very lightly. The sauce (bean paste aioli) was all over it. A bit too much for my tastes. The lady who was vegetarian has jiajiangmen and she said it was delicious.  Smelled good too. Dessert was a berry creme brulee. It tasted a bit funny. Personally I've had quite a few creme brulee in my time and my friend makes a better one.  Overall,  food was good. Service was great. So accommodating for the Chinese parents we have. As a suggestion, I would say that for big groups have everyone order the same menu so it makes it easier for the chef and waitresses to remember who got what. Some people in our group got the wrong items. Also because the people who got 7 courses got their items out of order. The seared salmon and beef takaki were last before dessert and it was an awkward to eat my meal like that.
