2	I've had a wide range of experiences here.  Let's just say, when I first moved here, one of the employees gave me poor advice and ended up totally screwing up my title.  It's been a tremendous ordeal to get it fixed.  Another employee tried to help me fix it and screwed that up too.  Now I'm working with a third person who seems very competent and committed to helping me solve this problem, but even she is like "I can't believe those other people told you to do that....they made this so much harder than it needed to be."  My thoughts exactly.Work with Barb, if you can.  She knows her stuff.  I don't quite trust anybody else to help me properly.  Also they're only open from 830-4 (or is it 430?) so you pretty much have to go before work, or on Saturday.  And I will be going in tomorrow at 830 until my car title saga finally comes to its conclusion....Also, parking is free in their lot.  And if you are a AAA member, I think your fees are lower, or something like that.  I do have AAA, so it makes sense for me to come here - I can't say what the experience is like for non members.
1	If I could give negative stars I would. After this review, I'm writing the president of AA and if action is not taken to correct the disservice at this location, I will never be a AAA member again. (been one since 1999) I recently moved from TN and needed to transfer my title and register my Dodge Ram in PA.  This process is costly regardless of where you go, but adding $36+ for every transaction makes AAA the most expensive.  I'm willing to pay for people to deal with this inconvenience for me, but AAA has made it worse than going to the DMV.  Each and every clerk at this location is incompetent, uneducated, and aloof. I should know, I've dealt with at LEAST a dozen. Go to the DMV.For my very simple transaction, I've had to return to this location 7 (yes that is SEVEN!) times, and it still is not resolved. They've forgotten to request the title from my lien holder, issued the wrong plate for my vehicle, neglected to inform me of steps required by the state... I mean seriously, why would you pay $36 for EACH visit, just to get it wrong. Go to the DMV!Why did you return there if you were so unhappy, you might ask.  Well once you begin the process at one branch, you cannot transfer to any other branch. (We went to Monroeville to transfer my wife's car and it took 30 minutes, ONCE.) Go to Monroeville, or cancel your AAA membership and go to the DMV!!Oh, and 30 minutes? that's a dream... I'm waited between 45 minutes and 3.5 HOURS at the East Liberty AAA. Prepare to take the day of work... nay, the WEEK in order to complete any transaction at this facility. Go to the DMV!!!!It has now been over 5 months since I started this process and it's still up in the air. they don't know what I still need to do, but they are happy to keep charging me to figure it out.  Save yourself hundreds of dollars and a weeks worth of lost wages and just GO TO THE DMV!!!!!!!! Yeah it might seem sterile and slow, but at least they aren't serial criminals. It'll be over with like waking up from a bad dream, instead of the reoccurring nightmare that is the East Liberty AAA.Oh, and if you think this is a harsh review... Call their number, 412-365-7196. 9 times out of 10 it just rings and rings.. once I timed it for more than 30 minutes before I got an answer (with no apology).  If you are in the AAA, you'll know I'm calling.  It's the constant ring in the background that NOBODY answers.
4	I have to say that I have had quick and efficient stops in here for all of my car needs. Firstly, walking into this building is quite a spectacle, from the beautiful exterior and interior. I have to be honest, my first trip in here I felt like taking my escalator down into the pit that is AAA was equivalent to taking a trip into the fifth ring of hell. I hate anything dealing with the DMV, registration, license, tags, blah blah blah. However, both of the times I stopped in here it was not crowded at all, and the women that helped me were very nice and thoughtful. The stations you must go through are quick and effective. Both times I had business here, I was in and out in less than a half hour- which was far better than the marathon nightmare I was expecting.
5	I moved to Pgh from San Francisco in 2010, and every single dealing I've had with AAA since I moved here has been great -- straightforward, super helpful people, and mostly quite brief wait times. The agent that I have worked with from the start, whose name I think is Heather (long dark hair, second desk from the left), has always been willing to spend as much time with me as I needed to understand what I was buying and/or the process that I needed to go through.Also, my car was totaled a couple of years ago (some jagoff who was texting rear-ended me, ahem, please don't do this), and they were phenomenal. I had a check for the full amount in less than a week.I see a lot of negative reviews here for services that are title related. I don't know if those people are even AAA employees, they might be DOT for all we know. I've had three title transactions, including one for a car that was from out of state, and they all went smoothly. I've been with AAA for more than 40 years, and when I lived in California I was seriously considering switching. Not anymore.
