3	Their commercials are everywhere, but I had to go to Arizona to actually try some.It's not bad, but it wasn't that great either. I got the #5: a Bacon Cheeseburger Toaster with tots and a drink ($6.29). The burger was alright. The tots seemed a bit dry.Are we supposed to tip the waiters that rollerblade to your car window?? I think that was the first time I ever gave a tip at a fast food restaurant.
3	The past few years, I've grown less and less a fan of fast food restaurants (as old as that makes me sound).  But the kiddos really love Sonic, so whenever we're out and about running errands a quick stop here always does the trick in transforming my grouchy riding mates into happy helpers.  First off, the words "Happy Hour" always seal the deal for me. :)  This Sonic's happy hour version is offered from 2pm-4pm with 50 cent corn dogs and half price drinks/slushies. Our personal favorites are the real fruit slushies, the Ocean Water soft drink and the Cranberry flavored iced tea.  Their small $1 breakfast burritos are not bad either.  The service is adequate here - they've never gotten my order wrong or kept us waiting too long. So we are returning customers, thus far.  :)
3	Its ok, but I got sick from the corn dog. The cherry limeaide is alwayse a winner though.
5	Sonic is one of my favorite fast food emporiums. Albeit, I don't frequent any (Public Service Announcement: Neither should YOU, whoever is reading this) fast food locations. But when I do - I prefer tots.The nostalgia of the rollerskating is awesome, and the awkward do-i-tip-or-not is pending, unsolved in my head. Either way the staff seems to skate long merrily.The only thing someone should really be able to complain about is their prices, but Earth to Garth, it's still fast & relatively inexpensive. And that extra buck you paid more than golden arches across the street, I find easy to taste in increased quality.
3	I'm always amazed at how the restaurant is called SONIC and yet the service is always slow as molasses.  This particular location lacks a drive-thru window so you're definitely going to spend some time waiting for your order.  The lot it occupies is also poorly laid out as you can really only enter from Cooper Rd. and the property makes a weird loop with the parking lot.
1	Amazingly slow, so I decided to walk to the window to what is taking 20min... Once you see the inside, suddenly you are not hungry anymore...
1	Horrible horrible service. I will not be visiting this one again. First the girl who took my order could not for the life of her get it right. I was near asking for someone else to fix my order because she was so incompetent. She finally got it right and I went ahead and slid my card on their outside machine. It said declined.  Naturally I was confused so I looked up my account and all the funding was there plus some. So I tried again and again it didn't work. I pushed the button saying my card wasn't working in the machine. They said they would send a carhop to me to check it out. 15 min later my food shows up even though I haven't paid. So I tell the girl something is wrong it won't work. Her response it "well don't you have another card?"I was shocked and honestly peeved off at this point.  I said forget it we don't want the food any more and left. I called to complain that she was so rude only to find the manager on duty is a high school kid. Seriously?? You have a high school kid handling problems!? He says it's normal for their outside machines to not work. He goes on to tell me "it's customary in this day for people to have multiple cards" and that he doesn't find her behavior as rude. Are you flipping kidding me? This is why high school students shouldn't be the managers. They think it's ok to be rude to the customer. I am livid at this point so I ask where the manager above him is. He says he won't be in until six. So I say I want him to call me at six. The kid tells me well that's our happy hour. He may or may not be too busy to call me today. Overall the customer service STINKS. There are plenty of other burger joints around town where a person can get the same food with better customer service.
4	Not sure my foot long coney was actually 12 inches. And my daughter cheeseburger had no cheese but the young man behind the counter was a pleasure to work with.
