4	Review for coffee, not postal services. Ah, the troubled Lake Las Vegas coffee shop. I know this has been several different coffee shops in the past, and it reopened earlier this year to become this joint kinda-Kinko's/coffee shop. I was pleasantly surprised, even though it is a strange combination of businesses. The barista, I didn't catch her name, was super nice and willing to explain the wintry drinks to us. What I don't understand is why they don't just have them written and listed instead of having to explain to any customer that comes in what all comes in the drink, but I digress. My drink was a peppermint caramel latte. The temperature wasn't great, but the flavors were. It was a nice afternoon to walk around with a nice little warm drink. They also carry "general store" type items for vacationers to the area. Also good for me, a LLV local, that they have printing/copying services nearby.
4	Perk n Post reminded me of a small town coffee shop.  There was one employee who was very personable and interesting.  She was nice enough to explain all of the seasonal drinks to us.  I ended up getting a cinnamon coffee of sorts.  It didn't have much flavor, but then I guess I am over stimulated by all the sugar added to Starbucks and Coffee Bean drinks.  The shop also included little general store items.  All those little things you forget to pack and need on the go were included;  perfect for the guests of the hotel nearby.
3	Walking 8 &1/2 miles in Desert Wetlands Park could be a work out. Coming off the long hike, I was thirsty.  On my way to my car in the Casino Monte Largo parking garage, I stopped in at Perk N Post.   The coffee shops in Lake Las Vegas have been unloved. This is the fourth coffee shop to be located in this spot. To be able to survive, Perk N Post merged a coffee shop business with a Fed Ex service. This might be a good idea because the Rose flavored Frape that I drank is nothing special. The taste is mediocre and the size is too small. I feel that a venti Frapucinno at Starbucks is a better deal. Then again, I am about ten miles from the nearest Starbucks.   When I return to Wetlands Park I will most likely return to Perk N Post. In Lake Las Vegas there are not many choices. And that is if Perk & Post bucks the trend of the other coffee shops that have passed on in this location.
4	Stopped in and decided on a Caramel Frap. The barista was not stingy as my drink was thick and super yummy. Not thin like the ones at StarBucks.I am not a big, "GO OUT OF MY HOUSE TO BUY A COFFEE DRINK" person, but I can see myself stopping by sometime soon for another Caramel Frap and maybe some sweet, sugary, carb-filled delight.
1	Stopped in for a latte and a breakfast sandwich.  Jaw nearly hit the floor when told total was over $12.50 so I expected a good sandwich for that price!  Nope, got a pre-made microwaved sandwich that was no bigger than a slider.  Small hot latte was $4.25.  Skip this place!
1	This place is a joke.  My wife and kids ordered the #1 breakfast special: 3 waffle and sm coffee, a glazed donut, 2 croissants, and 2 milk .  Well, the waffle were just like the ones you get from the supermarket.  3 small 4in waffles like from kellogg's, but worse.  The glazed donut was $3 each and were old and stale.  2 tiny croissants were hard and old.  All this for just under $25 bucks.   We just laughed, until another couple dropped by and ordered the 3 waffle special.  You should have seen the look on their faces.  It was the same look my wife gave me. :(
4	I only stopped in here for a water and some ice cream, but I thought it was really nice! First of all, this place is a ghost town, so I'm sure this place needs all the business they can get. However, I found that unlike all other restaurants in the area, they didn't jack up their prices to adjust for the lack of customers. As a coffee shop goes, their prices were very reasonable, if not cheap.We got two scoops of ice cream and a big bottle of water, and it was only $5 dollars!I got the banana pudding flavor, and the chocolate chip cookie dough...both were delicious, although I'm 99 percent sure it was blue bell ice cream (yeah, I eat too much banana pudding blue bell ice cream). But, who cares! It was delicious, cheap, and available when it was hot. Plus blue bell is awesome, so score!The guy serving us was friendly as well, and the place was cozy and looked like a solid coffee shop. The lack of people isn't their fault, it's Lake Las Vegas's. Here's hoping the economy there picks up in the coming years!
5	Reasonably priced Coffee Shop. Loved the Pecan pie for $3. I tried a small Strawberry Italian soda. Very cute environment.  Reminds me of the time I went to Western Europe. The only thing missing is the grapes vines everywhere on the walls & buildings.
