4	3 3/4 stars.  We took our new kitty here to get fixed.  They were on the way to work and we didn't have a regular vet for her yet.  While my girlfriend dropped her off she noticed that they also do de-clawing.  She mentioned that we'd have to be back for that as kitty was too young.  She was told by the girl that the kitty was totally old enough at 6 months.  As she went back to talk to the Dr to confirm, my girlfriend was greeted with TONS of dirty looks from the other pet parents waiting in line.  Well, they don't have to live with it.  If they want claws in their skin and furniture - good for them.  I had the job of picking her up.  She wasn't as well drugged as I might have liked, and they told me she would be, but I think that is more my kitty's fault.  She has an iron will that was stronger than their drugs.  To pick her up they made me sign a few things and promise to do and not do all sorts of things.  The paperwork about being fixed was 2 pages long and had one sentence highlighted.  The paperwork about the declawing was about 4 pages long w/ 2-3 areas highlighted on each page.  Yea, yea, yea.. I get it.  But seriously, would you rather have the folks who don't declaw but then either dump/give away their cats because they keep attacking things in the house or someone who declaws, but then overly spoils the cat?  Anyhow....They were very detailed and gave us all the info (and more) that we'd need.  And their price wasn't too bad.  For getting fixed, first round of shots and being declawed it was just $194.
3	I give them three stars because they work cheap and are non-profit. Not exactly service with a smile, though.I got two of my cats spayed (one neutered there a year prior) and it was pretty cheap and the common surgery was a success. No problems there. They discovered one of the girls had ear mites pretty bad, but just did a bang-up job cleaning out their ears and gave me some drops to give them (which was a pain in the ass to use on the cats, but that's another story). I would of liked them to offer a better treatment for the ear mites.The staff seemed absolutely miserable when I was there. It was early in the morning, but still...not a single smile or friendly greeting. It's a drab office and the operation seems very robotic. Get them in..get them out. But it's cheap, so what can you do.Overall...Good for cheap service, but I wish I had found out about the Scottsdale Cat Clinic (read my review for them) before I came here.
4	I had my dog spayed here. While I agree that they are not smiley or talkative, I didn't go there to chat. They did the operation well and for cheap. I'm taking my dogs for vaccination there now since the other vets charge $45 for inspection besides the vaccination fee. My dogs are fine and they only need vaccination so why should I end up paying 100 for 2 dogs to some vet. So, I love this clinic for being systematic and cost effective solution.
4	The world needs more places like this clinic.  After adopting a sweet girl cat who made a home my backyard shed, it became clear that she was not spayed.  The clinic performed the procedure and informed me she had once been pregnant and had a residual uterine infection, which they treated.  My cat is healthy and no longer yowls at 3am for tomcat company !
4	We brought a stray kitten here to get her all fixed up so she could be adopted. She received her spay, testing and all shots for $120...that is a steal. I was surprised at how friendly the staff was and they made sure to answer any questions I had. Maeby (the kitten) has healed up well and is in the clear to be adopted. It is a bit drab and even a little depressing but their money goes to providing affordable pet care, not decorating. I will continue to bring my pets to their normal vet but if you're in a pinch and wanting to save a lot of money on these necessary vet trips, this is the place to go.
5	The prices are right and the staff is great at this Spay & Neuter Clinic. They're my go-to for shots, spays/neuters and heartworm tests.
5	Just took my third dog in to get spayed. I could not be more pleased. They make everything so easy. All the steps were explained in a way that was easy to understand. You can tell that they really love the animals. Great customer service. They make a tough process easy and efficient. Thank you.
5	Great staff, great Vet, and great price.  What more do you want?  This is my third visit, and as usual, they were great.  The early morning staff was patient and gracious with more than two jackasses who argued with the staff.  IF YOU DON'T BRING VACCINATION RECCORDS WITH YOU AS REQUESTED, DONT BE A DOUCHE AND MAKE A SCENE IN THE VET'S WAITING ROOM.  Douche.For those who gave a sub-par review:   This is a caring vetrinarian who does all common procedures for 40% typical cost.  It you left a negative review its probably because youre one of the affore-mentioned jackasses.  They are efficient and affectionate with my pets.   Just great.:D
5	i was a little nervous about bringing my kitten in for neutering, only because of some reviews i saw on google. but the staff could not have possibly been nicer, or more professional. the price was great (like $35 including pain meds), and they noticed a ear mite issue during the exam, and wiped them out with an inexpensive treatment. my kitten is doing great, and i will absolutely bring my other cat in soon for some of their other services (teeth cleaning, and a check up). highly satisfied with their service!!
5	I was worried to take my dog in after I read all the bad reviews. But I decide to get it a try! I took my dog in for nurturer, and the service & staffs were so nice and acknowledge! I also got my dog pain medicine but he did not even need it! I think for such cheap price with awesome job, I am really satisfied!!!
1	***PROCEED WITH CAUTION***(MAKE SURE TO READ GOOGLE REVIEWS AND THE FILTERED REVIEWS ON YELP!)( I don't usually go out of my way to write negative, long winded reviews...)BUT,this was By far one of the most UNPROFESSIONAL places I have ever been to. I had an appointment to bring my sisters dog here. I called to inform them there was an accident on the freeway and I may be a few minutes late. They didn't even have my appointment on the books. After realizing I had an appt on Monday and rescheduled for thurs they told me to go ahead and come in. Someone called me back a few minutes later to inform me of a "late fee" Once I arrived I completed the paperwork and waited in the lobby. There were 2 pre surgery exam appointments before me. After about 25 minutes I was called back. The vet tech was inquiring about my address and stated he used to live by me. He commented on a bar close by and stated it was, and I quote, "the sh#t" ! Although he was friendly I found this to be unprofessional. The Vet came in and took the pulse on the dog. I politely requested not to be charged a late fee as I was only 4 minutes late due to an accident and called ahead. She told me "there's a million excuses as to why someone can be late and she needs to set boundaries and not make exceptions" I stated that 'I understood the purpose of implementing a late fee was to prevent people from interrupting a flow, though I was late there were still 2 appointments in front of me and I caused no interruption and 4 minutes late was a little harsh' She told me 'though I was 4 minutes late I didn't finish my paperwork until 15 minutes after my appt.' She then stated 'clearly I didn't understand how veterinary clinics work'. I informed her I was actually a certified vet tech and have worked under several licensed vets since 2005 and currently run a doggie daycare and boarding facility. I told her was not trying to be confrontational (as it seemed she was) that I just thought the late fee was harsh and found her comments unnecessary. She finally said she will wave the late fee and rolled her eyes. I thanked her and she didn't acknowledge me. She took my dog back, and I thank her again, again she didn't acknowledge me. After leaving I received a call from her a few minutes later. Her words: "I don't believe we should have a relationship and I won't be performing surgery because you don't like me and don't trust me". I said "Ma'am, I never said anything to that nature, you have a job to do and are choosing not to do it based on your feelings towards me, not what you think mine are towards you" She told me to come get my dog or I can leave it there all day and come back before close and she would feed him. QUESTION? If I didn't "trust" her, why would I leave my sisters dog with her all day. Also, any good vet knows that changing a dogs diet could potentially cause diarrhea and vomiting. All in all, I found this experience to be extremely disappointing and unprofessional. After reading other reviews I believe I dodged a huge bullet and am grateful she decided not to perform the surgery. There are way too many caring, kind vets out there to trust any fur babies in her care.
4	We had called several places for neutering our great dane puppy. This place was a quarter what everyone else charged. Made the appointment, and took him in. By 7 am the lobby was packed with dogs/cats, which leaves you to believe it's an assembly line back there. But the end result was a polite, knowledgeable, staff who did a great job for half the cost. We got 5n1 & rabies shot, neuter, and claws trimmed in the same visit. Would recommend.
3	Staff was nice but not nothing special. Dr looked like she was in between surgery. Good prices though.
