5	Coooooooool. Yep - that's pretty much what I said when I walked around the South End Fieldhouse. Why? Well, because it is really cool, it's one of a kind in the area and it's HUGE! South End Fieldhouse is that neat kinda place that hosts a variety of indoor sports teams - lacrosse, futsal, etc. but they also have space for tailgates, parties, events, etc. Word on the street is that they are bringing in a lounge & bar area in their larger space. That being said there are two separate buildings - one for futsal (an indoor soccer-like game with a heavier ball) and the other for lacrosse, lounging, etc. Both spaces are impeccable - different types of turf, cool brick walls, industrial like but clean! And if you've ever played indoor soccer, the facilities usually aren't pristine, if you know what I mean. As mentioned, this space is perfect for large scale events and tailgates - especially considering it's only a few blocks from the Panthers stadium. SE Fieldhouse is as good as it gets for its ingenuity and because it's serving a niche in South End that no other building has reached as of yet. Most of the events are either free or host a very affordable cover, so if you get a chance to stop by, do eeet!
4	Great new venue in Southend! Tailgates, indoor activities and sports! The staff is friendly and creative with their ideas and vision. Can't wait to attend another event here. Located along Lincoln between S. Mint & S. Church, there are 2 fields of play. One is a little larger than the other. They're working on adding in concessions and a bar in the near future too.
4	Awesome venue to book a corporate team-building event or party.  I loved the big open space, brick walls and cool turf.  They also have very clean bathroom facilities.  The only reason I did not give it five stars is because of the A/C situation -- they have big fans but no A/C.  It was quite hot even at night.
5	So, I'm pretty much thinking this would be THE BEST place in Charlotte for an adult birthday party.  Well, I guess kids could do theirs too.  Or maybe even a pre-party for Panthers games.First of all, It is sooooo close to downtown, which is quite helpful.  But, the great thing is that there is just a huge amount of open space, but yet your still covered from the elements.I really wish I could tell you more, but honestly, you just need to go out there, I can't really explain it.  There is so much space that its like a blank canvass ready for whatever party you could think of.  Or of course you could use it for pick-up or league sports as it was probably intended for.  If you want a more precise description read Nicole W's review, its pretty much spot on.
