4	This is a gorgeous restaurant in Chandler.  It has a patio, bar with several TV screens tuned to sports, and a large set of booths for the anyone who wants.The service was rapid and friendly by pretty waitresses.  I had a spicy salad one night and grilled salmon on another.  Both had unusual ingredients like toasted corn and were delicious and a great portion size for me.  I will definitely return to this grille for the bar and the rest of the menu.It seemed like a good place to have a party on the patio, an intimate evening with a date, and anything else.  The music was loud enough to enjoy, but much quieter than most places with a sports bar in them.
3	Food quality is good and the atmosphere is relaxing. They need to expand their menu a bit, I'd go there more but the choices are so limited.
4	The reverse happy hour was cool. I ended up getting a little drunk here. The waitress was nice to deal with. The open faced filet sandwich was great. I can't really remember much else about it. The beer selection was alright. If I lived around here I would be a creepy regular and hit on the attractive wait staff.
5	Great prices for happy hour. Service is always stellar. Definitely ask to sit outside. Try the firecracker shrimp!
4	We live very close so we come here regularly. Spicy grilled chicken wings are delish. We also love the beef stroganoff. Service is always good. They have nice happy hour as well as reverse happy hour. Decent patio area when the weather is nice! Seems to be a bit of an older(retired) crowd, probably due to location. BTW, any tips on what they use in the wings?
3	This is a place that i would go once in a while if i lived in the area my wife and i hit the chandler mall for a minute and decided to take the xtra trek to keegans the ambiance is nice the beer selection good my wife had the pastrami sandwich which was pretty uneventful i had the wings and a small salad which we both thought were good the better choice of the two
5	My first time here is due to some awesome friends (Jane and Mark) who were just gafawed that I had not been to this chain delight before.  I walked into this venue with expectations of old age pensioners hanging out and chatting long hours while dining on mediocre not so seasoned food.  Initially, I did see the mature patrons but upon closer evaluation, they were trendy enough to have ornate dishes placed in front of them which hardly represented anything you'd see at any nursing home I could have imagined ending up at!  But wait...there is more.  Our hostess ( cannot remember her real name but we renamed her Ms. Arizona because I erroneously guessed that she would be from Montana)....WAS Amazing.  She was quinticentual hospitality with her bright smile, suggestive selling, and quirky wit!  I'm going back there just for that!  Now I better mention the good.I had hummus which was not as lemony as I anticipated per the description, but if that is important to you, squeeze some fresh lemon on and you're good to go.  As luck would have it, it was suggested that we try the Austrian Beef Soup; a special menu item which may not be available everyday.  What a GREAT bowl of cream based chowder like stewish yumminess!  I could have stopped there, but well, you know... I indulge.  So I had the Positano sandwhich with the best shredded potato cheese au gratin.  It was divine!  Two perfectly prepared peppered and prime cut, plump, pieces of pleasantly positioned beef pucks on a garlic pistol bread with goat cheese and a side of tomato drizzled with basil cream dressing.  I cannot even get these words out on this page without drooling and letting you all know that I will certainly be ordering this again!  There MUST be a way that I can fit this into my diet.  UUGGGHHH!Don't let my angst stop you from going.  Full marks from me are hard to acquire but they've done it!
4	Keegan's is a great local bar. Close to home and very friendly staff. Great beer on tap. The only downfall is that it is hard to find parking during peak hours. I appreciated that they took reservations during a busy time for a game they were showing on TV.
4	Chance encounter on this little (well, maybe not soo little) gem of a place. Yelped it the moment I passed by it because of all the cars present in their parking lot. Although there are only 8 reviews for the place, what people had to say about it really made me want to visit. Was well greeted on a spontaneous adventure to the restaurant for dinner. The bar was packed so my party decided to get seated in the main dining area. Got seated right away and was introduced to our server in no time. Think she had to swallow a chill pill or something because it took some time for her to be nice (most likely the main reason im not giving this place 5 stars)The menu was pretty reasonable. Starters dont exceed $10 and entrees range anywhere from $5-$15 (If Im correct, there is only one item on the menu costing $15) We started off with three appetizers, thinking it would be the only dishes ordered (little did we know):- Grilled Spicy Chicken Wings: Some a little burnt but it tasted great. The portions are large and seasoning just right (or too bland depending on what you prefer). I liked that it was grilled, less of that greasy hell overwhelming the taste of the actual meat.- Homemade lemon garlic Hummus with pita : sooo delicious. It was only about $6, it comes with a bunch of pita. My party of 4 shared it and still had left overs =] definitely recommended.- Cheeseburger Sliders x3 on Egg Bun: The bun is delicious! and the meat is perfectly cooked (medium) and seasoned. The perfect balance of meat, bun, and cheese. Comes with diced pickles.We were having a jolly time when all of a sudden someone notices a dish being served to the the table next to us. It looked so good, she decided to order it herself. We ended up sharing the Half Chicken entree and I was extremely impressed with how it came out.The chicken is juicy and tender the entire way through. No parts of the chicken dry, every bite was well savored and just...mmm mmm mmCame with two sides (we chose the green beans/onions and mashed potatoes): green beans weren't my favorite, they were overcooked but the mashed potatoes. Perfectly cooked, tasted so fresh. They don't use a ton of butter or sour cream which was favorable to my taste buds. Would definitely come againFYI: happy hour 3-6:30 pm. From what I could make out on the menu written in chalk: Half off appetizers and three 5.5 oz of draft beer for $5 (normally $6 for 3 - 5 oz beer sampler) oh and something about $5 wine
2	Atmosphere is typical of other chain restaurants...nice and clean but nothing special. Food was so so. Our party ordered the "spicy" chicken wings as an appetizer but no one tasted anything remotely close to "spicy". I had the fish and chips...the batter was good and the fish moist, well prepared. Service was a bit slow, considering they were not busy at all when we were there.
2	Hadn't been here in about a year. Now I remember why. Food is nothing special. They used to have really good carne asada tacos and pork medallions on menu over a year ago. Have tried a few menu items since then and always a bit disappointing.  I like the ambience and the staff are always friendly.  Won't be back anytime soon because the food is not that good,  unfortunately.  They need new food items on the menu.
1	Looked like a very nice place to eat so we thought we would check it out one night. All was fine until we got our food. I ordered filet mignon well done because that's how I always like my steak and a friend ordered a steak as well only medium well. Well we both got our steaks and they were very rare and blood was pouring out when we cut into them. Disgusting! I sent mine back and when it came back out to me it was charred so bad I couldn't eat the outside of it. They need to get a better chef!
4	Great ambience; nice bar area; I have eaten there several times and the food was well prepared; service a tad slow; waite staff are friendly; excellent desserts.   Check it out I believe you will enjoy.
4	I had a great lunch for $7 plus tax & tip that wasn't really heavy and tasted great. The sevice was friendly; the place looks great inside kind of feels like a restaurant sports grill mix.  They didn't have a lot of TV's in the dinning room so I guess you can only watch games in bar area which was limited on space.
4	Always great food and nice atmosphere, love to sit at the bar with the friendly staff.
4	Service was very good, albeit the server had tables on the patio and on the opposite side of the bar.  So while not the servers fault it took a while for the server to show at the table.Onion soup pretty good.  For the price (add on to the meal) it was real good.Fish and chips were good, albeit one of the pieces of fish still had the blood line in it...so a little fishy tasting.Pot roast  was good.Dessert  was a peach/berry cobbler.  Server said it was small...it was as advertised.  Having said, that it turned out to be enough to share.  Overall very good.
3	Not bad. Happy Hour is at the bar and patio ONLY.  Lots of regulars, but friendly. Get here early if you want to sit at the bar.  Potato skins were an awesome choice. Definitely worth it.
5	Love Keegans, Staff are always so wonderful and the food is amazing and soo fresh never frozen franchise garbage! Love it for lunch or dinner!
4	Good food and good service.  The steak sandwiches are excellent as is the roasted chicken, and the entree salads.This is also a great place to go for a business lunch in South Chandler.
4	Keegan's Grill hs my father's 2nd favorite wings (he is an avid wing enthusiast).  They have great deli style sandwhiches, fresh tasting soups, and a friendly staff.  I only get to visit Phoenix a few times a year, but I try to make it to Keegan's at least once or twice a year.
1	This review is a little outdated but I'm playing catch-up and wanted to include this.We've passed this place a bunch and decided to go try it out for dinner one night.  I ordered a balsamic vinegar salmon and when it was delivered I could smell it was off (and the chef didn't?).  I tried a small bite to be sure, and yup, it was off.  I told the waiter and, get this, he tried to tell me that can happen when you put balsamic vinegar on fish.  Seriously? First off, no, it doesn't.  Secondly, if it did, why would you offer it? Third, WHO CARES!?!?!? It's bad.  Say you're sorry, take it back, offer something up, whatever.  Then it took the manager to come over and I had to explain that the fish was bad and they tried to offer me something else.  Let's see, I just had a plate of bad fish delivered to me and the smell is still in my nostrils. Yeah, ya know what, can I have some chicken?  Rare if you don't mind, so we can keep with the theme.  Knotheads.  I have to assume it was just a bad experience for me, as they are still there, and I see some good reviews, but I won't ever go there again.
5	Great food and service, reasonably priced. Try the veggie sandwich !
3	Decent neighborhood restaurant. Use to go there about once a week. Usually order the taproom steak with the string beans & basil tomatoes. Last time I went to my surprise they no longer have there delicious string beans that they sauteed with mushrooms & onions, instead they had flavorless steamed broccoli. I asked the waitress why they no longer had them she didn't know but said a lot people were complaining. also my steak was dry & overcooked. My husband ordered the fish & chips but usually orders an extra piece of fish when he is really hungry because the portion is on the skimpy side although tasty.
4	If I could afford it, I would come here every day and order their blackened salmon salad.  Roasted Corn & Red Bell Pepper Salsa, Edamame Beans, Tomatoes & Multigrain Tortilla Chips with a balsamic dressing.  My absolute favorite, hands down, and it pairs well with their arnold palmer.
4	Great atmosphere, yummy food, friendly service, great full bar...looks warm and inviting.The food:- chicken quesadilla...very good!- house merlot...awesome- not on the menu but has cult following: Greek Chicken Sandwich...I don't usually get sandwiches for dinner, but ths was soo good I will continue to get this for dinner.Service:- friendly, funVenue: - when you walk in you see these massive natural would beams/posts in front of the bar...step-up booths at bar very cool.Will be back!
4	Well at Keegan's you get a mixed bag. If all the stars align this place is great for a quick dinner out. However it can go bad quickly. I have been here many many times and over all if you come on off hours the happy hour is great and so is the food. When they are busy all hell breaks loose. Food take forever, service almost comes to a halt and it just seems to come unglued. I will say give  it a try just hope it's not one of those nights  LOL.
4	Beer was good and or appetizer was good, but I wouldn't call this a taproom.
3	I snuck in here on late evening before going out. I ordered off the HH menu. I wasn't overly impressed or disappointed.The bar was packed with late 40's and 50 yr olds which seemed kind of weird to me. Don't get me wrong, party on, I encourage it. It was just weird having 35 middle aged folks partying at the bar on a Wednesday night and my girlfriend and I being the only ones sitting at the tables.
4	This place has stood the test of time. I've been coming for years. I wouldn't say I am a regular, mostly because the service is mediocre. So you never really know how your visit will turn out. The food is good. I can say they don't seem to change up the menu really. But they do offer daily specials and have a great decor inside. There is ample seating, it's always clean and cozy. The outside fire pit on the patio is one of my favorite spots in the cold months. They serve Guinness and Jameson so until that stops, they are one of my "go-to" spots for dinner!
4	Service was good, quotes on wall were awesome!  Food was ok.  Presentation was great but food was not as good as it looked.
5	This place is a hidden gem in my book. The happy hour at Keegan's is one of the best in the East Valley. They offer drink specials twice per day during the week (reverse HH is from 8-10pm) and on the weekends. Saturday happy hour? Yes please! The food at Keegan's is high quality and really tasty considering how reasonably priced it is. They have rotating craft beers on draft and a pretty solid craft cocktail menu. I recommend ordering a moscow mule - they're the real deal; served in classic copper mugs with cock & bull ginger beer. The crowd is a little older, but don't let that deter you... this is a great place for the 20-30 crowd if you're looking for good food, craft beer and reasonable prices!
5	I placed a "to go" order tonight with Erica & I left the call feeling like I had made a friend. Their website/menu was down & she took the time to give me options based on what I was craving. Their prices are more than reasonable for the service and taste! We will DEFINITELY be going back! THANK YOU ERICA!!!!!
4	Food and service was good, they paid good attention to us...
4	Their special dessert right now for the holiday season is eggnog creme brulee.  It is so decadent and delicious!Keegans always has great steaks.  Burgers are pretty good too.  Try their Filet Medallion Stroganoff.  It is yummy!Decent wine selection and beer selection.  I recommend the Josh Cellars Cabernet Sauvignon if you like red wine.  Service is pretty consistent here.  Even when they are really busy on weekend nights, the waiters still check on you a lot and are pretty quick.
1	The service has been awful  since this place opened.  Have not been in a really long time.  Just stopped for a beer.  The bar tender did not even say hi when I came in.  Let me sit for awhile,  cleared some spots from people that left and then looked at me and waited on new people that just walked in the door!  Ugh..  It's like the Charlie Brown, Lucy and the football.  Nothing changes.  I left.
1	Been here twice. Terrible food and terrible service.
5	I love this place.  The food is fresh and high quality.  For as good as the food is, the prices are great!  Highly reccommend if you have never been!
3	Cool neighborhood place.  Nothing fancy, just a good place to have some wings and bear.
2	Ate here recently with a large group.  While we appreciated that they had the capacity to serve our group, the service could have been better.  My sandwich was incorrectly placed on someone else's plate, and the server just put it on a different plate, added the salad and gave it to me.  The other  person in our group had already touched it, so I wasn't thrilled that it was given to me at that point.  While the sandwich tasted fine, I had a hard time getting past that.  In the end, I placed cash in the presenter and waited for some time for my change, which never came.  Because we were in a hurry, I didn't bother waiting around.  Probably won't return.
4	Not sure about anything other than Dee is the most personable and attentive server/bartender on earth. Service here is awesome and the Tai Cobb Salad is off the charts. I can't speak for anything other than that as I believe I've order it about 75 times and something else about twice. If you like salmon and salad, go here and get the above-mentioned salad during lunch. Your afternoon will be better for it!
5	Been here a few times. Food and service has always been phenomenal. Turkey burger is the best I've ever had. Great atmosphere  you can sit outside, bar or dining room and you will have a pleasant experience.
5	Always a favorite of ours...everything we've tried is flavorful and prepared perfectly! Great atmosphere and friendly service takes it to a full 5 stars!
4	Recently dined at Keegan's with a group, and was concerned about what I'd eat since I'm not a fan of bar & grill food. They had an excellent Thai Chopped Salad with salmon that was so beautifully presented on the plate, it captured everyone's attention! In fact, we were all so captivated that I forgot to take a picture! It was beyond delicious, and I'll definitely enjoy it again...and photograph it next time!Friends recommended the fish & chips and the beef stroganoff, so several in our party ordered those dishes, and enjoyed them. Good experience overall!
1	We had one horrible experience which was bad enough that I will not be returning. We went to lunch for a friends birthday. It wasn't busy when we went in & it took a while to get a waitress to take our order. We decided on the two salmon salads & both were horrible. For the amount of time it took to get the food, we were expecting something really tasty! ... No such luck. The salmon tasted weird & was way overcooked ... Completely charred.We talked to the manager as a result of our bad meals & were offered a complementary dessert to make up for it. Knowing how long it took to place our order, to get our order, & the quality of the food, we should've known better. We thought we would give them a chance & get the Heathbar Mud Pie. At this point, we literally thought we were being punk'd. The ice-cream was really icy, the crunchy things were rock hard, etc. Don't even get me started on the amount of time it took us to get the check .. Thankfully, we just left cash to cover the bill & left! We were not pleased at all.
5	I've been coming here since they opened. Not sure how long that has been but at least 7 yrs. love many things in the menu and they are very flexible with letting you change it up. Service is always good as well.
3	The service was good, but the food lacked flavor. It wasn't inedible, though. I ordered the French dip with a side of sweet potato fries. The other people in my party seemed to feel the same way about it.
4	Nice place with solid menu items.  The cheese chorizo appetizer is awesome although I wish they'd bring back the pretzels that went with it. The 20 year tacos are awesome. Also the chicken madeira is one of my favorites. Tonight we tried the French dip which was great too with perfect bread and a great horseradish. Service was fast and friendly!
1	Make no mistake, we have no issue with the food here. It was excellent as always. However, the service was iffy, and our experience overall simply unacceptable. My sister in law, who lives in Chandler and eats at Keegan's often with her husband, took the time to call ahead and make a reservation for our party of 5 including my father in law, who uses a walker and is over 90. Although we were eating early, at 6 pm, we had a special seating request due to the walker and to try to make things easier on my father in law. We arrived just before 6, only to find that someone had just given our table away. The hostess and another young man at the desk told us the manager had done this by seating someone that arrived before us at our requested table. Keep in mind there is no seating for people waiting for a table at this establishment. I had to request they bring a chair over for my father in law. Then we were offered a booth, which we declined. They ended up seating us on a table for 4, with an extra place set at the end. So, we were stuck out into the aisle. I prefer booths most times, but this was not one of them. We were assured that once we were seated, the manager would come over personally and talk to us. He never did. An apology would have gone a long way to fixing this inconvenience. Since I am not a regular customer, I did not feel it was my place to "remind" the staff that we were expecting a visit from the manager on duty. As other members of the family are regulars at this restaurant, I didn't feel it necessary. He never came by. Not once, not even to ask how things were. Being from Dallas, with more restaurants per capita than most cities, most with excellent service, I fully expected that either our drinks or desserts would be comped. The waitress brought the check, which was well over $100, with no discount at all, save the beer we sent back because we didn't like it. I would say that the manager on duty needs to go back to receive training on how to manage a place such as this, and deliver better customer service.  Yes, it was busy. For a restaurant at 6 pm. But our experience, with no apology to boot, was absolutely inexcusable.
4	Great local neighborhood place. Small menu and decent beer selection. Usually very crowded for dinner. Have always had great food. Been here several times. The pork chops are my favorite but the seem to be gone from the menu. PLEASE BRING THEM BACK!!!Good service. Can watch the game in the bar. Prices are a little high but the food does reflect. Pretty pretty good
