3	Though there are plenty of places to buy video games these days, there aren't a lot of places to buy used video games - unless you count Gamestop, in which case there are lots of places, because these little boogers are all over the place.In any case, even though it may not be the closest to our house, we find that we're at the University Area location fairly often, and they have a pretty good selection.  The staff is also fairly friendly.  Unfortunately, they don't always stay true to their word, so you have to stay on them.For instance, we bought a dance pad (new) to go with a game (used), and when we did so, they were happy to say that we could bring both back if they didn't work together.  The next day, we brought them back, perfectly packaged, and they wanted to give us store credit.  Hilarity ensued as we tried to get the credit card refund that was promised.  We got it, but it wasn't easy.  Just keep on them and you'll get what you were told you'd get - they try and keep you coming back.  Not a bad thing, just not what they said you would get originally.
3	I love how into video games these employees are.  Just mention a title and they can give you a personal review, layout of the game, and its creators.  I came into the store looking for the new Star Wars game for my friend's birthday.  The man behind the counter gave thumbs up and let me know just how much my friend was going to flip his lid when he plays the game.  I don't think that this is cheesy in the least; I love it when people are that excited about their work.  These guys also buy used games and it is a great way to get credit for that new game you've been dreaming over.
2	Went in on a Tuesday lunch break to pick out a game.  The store was nice in that it was not busy and didn't have the usual hundred boxes on the floor.  I found a game and got in line, and waited.  Then waited more, there was one person working the counter and she was working on a PS3 trade in.  The customer was asking a lot of questions because the store was lowballing the offer, $60 for a PS3 they'll turn around and sell for around $200.During this time the cashier did not acknowledge anyone else in line or try to speed things up.  I would figure that with trade ins being a core part of their business they would have the process down streamlined to get people in and out, this isn't a pawn shop that sees a million different items coming in.  After about 15 minutes I had to leave without the game and won't be going back to this store.
