4	I'm surprised no one else has reviewed this place, ok fine, I'm not shocked at all considering how freakin' intimidating this place is with their prices! It's pretty well hidden and you have to go through an elevator before you actually reach the restaurant. I highly recommend it though if you won some good ol' cold hard cash or you have some caesar's palace rewards points or something that will cover your dining experience here. I absolutely LOVE their duck wraps as heart stopping as they may be...keep them coming! Live shrimp with soy sauce and fresh chili peppers? YUM! and it's not on the menu but they have asparagus with garlic which completes the meal perfectly. It's no ordinary asparagus I guarantee you. CAUTION: stay away from the bird's nest soup. $100 dollars? You have to be kidding me! Stick with the fried banana.
4	Step 1: GambleStep 2: Get Casino to CompStep 3: Empress CourtStep 4: =)Very delicious. Pricey. But you can get what you want here in terms of Chinese. 400$ Fish fresh from the sea? No Problem.
4	This Place is kinda hidden and you have to ride the creepy elevator up... O_O.... but the food is alright.. it is kinda more expensive than chinese food should be but its not bad. Simple soup costs 8$ ^. The pork fried rice was good! Came to this place twice!.. Not bad.... The restaurant looks kinda modern/newish. Not many people come up here... But you should give it a shot.
1	This place is 100% awful. Bad service, substandard food...  a lot to pay for lame Chinese if you're not getting it comped. Do NOT come here.
4	3.75 starsIf upscale Chinese food is what you want. Empress court will fulfill your want, but your needs, that may take a little more.The elevator and hostess on the bottom floor gives you a feeling of secrecy and exclusivity. the inside the restaurant is quite small. The walnut shrimp was excellent, huge succulent shrimp. The peking duck is lackluster, I prefer the traditional bao, but E.C. serves their peking duck in a wheat wrap. They even add red bell peppers, not what I'm used to. The bell pepper throws off the taste and distracts from the duck. The lettuce wraps were plentiful and sufficient. The show stopper was the scallop fried rice, dry shreds of scallops, egg whites and rice was a perfect combination. The crab sauteed in ginger was unimpressible, and not a dish I would order again. The mango pudding was refreshing and had nice chunks of real mango in it. The service was very good, attentive if you know the server. We had a familar favorite.
1	This was hands-down the single worst dining experience I have had in years.  And the problems ran from making reservations (I was transferred 3 times, even though I called the # on the website) to service to the awful food.We went for restaurant week and had to request the menu as it wasn't offered.  Once we placed our dinner order, my cocktail arrived promptly, but it took over 30 minutes to get our first course!  There were only two of us and it did not appear to be busy.  I had the chicken corn chowder and only took a few bites.  The chicken broth had been thickened with cornstarch so it had that weird viscous texture, then there was no flavor.  It needed to be seasoned and there was only a bit of corn and what looked like maybe egg drop.  My second course was fish with filet mignon, mushrooms and fried rice.  The fish was very strange. It looked as though it had been pan-fried, there was no real batter, just perhaps a light dusting of flour or such, but the fish itself, not the coating, was absolutely greasy and all I tasted was oil.  This is strange, because it was sea bass and not an oily fish.  In fact I am not even sure how they cooked it to get it that oily.  And I found a bone in my first bite.The mushrooms were quite rubbery, the sauce tasted like brown water and the fried rice was greasy and flavorless.  The filet mignon was very tender, but in a strange canned-beef sort of way.  Neither of us ate hardly any of this course.  In fact there was quite a bit of food left on the plates.  When the server came he asked if we weren't hungry.  I said no, I didn't like it.  He mumbled something and walked away.Our dessert was mango pudding and mochi.  A mixture of hard, underripe mango and a very delicious mochi (it looked like the brand I buy at Trader Joe's, ha!).After each course, we would push our plates out of the way, staff would walk by and look, but keep on walking.  I had to ask for my check.I would normally have higher standards for fine dining restaurants that charge more for their food, but even compared to my neighborhood Chinese take-out, this is far worse.  I am really just dumbfounded at how truly awful the food was through and through.
5	This was an experience in itself! Had wonderful service! Had dumplings for apps, then the Shark Fin soup! WOW! What an experience that was. The waiter showed us the best way to eat it and it was a great experience. And then.....it came. We had what can only be called THE Asian experience. We ordered the geoduck (pronounced gooey duck). This was something! A clam that lives for centuries and burrows in the ocean floor. We ordered it XO, which was with a sauce uncluding snow peas. The texture was something like calamari, but not as chewy. It was thinly sliced and well prepared. So good! If there was a flaw, I would say the drinks were a bit sedate. I had an Emperor Sun, it was good and fresh, but no real pop. Overall, what an experience!
3	Average  Chinese food.
3	Slow service.  But being this slow, it's really just amazing.  It's not like they were super busy or anything.  30 mins after ordering the appetizer,  it made its way to the table. This is our third time here, bur this place has gone down the hill even my easily satisfied hubby said so.  I guess this would be our last visit.Here is my take on their food: Spring rolls, no flavor at all!Sweet and sour pork, too sweet!!!!, no good!Mongolian beef was just ok, not good enough for the price.Chicken with salty fish pot, too much chicken, barely any salty fish, lol.I forgot what the other dish we ordered, must check the pics to verify.  If I can't remember what we ordered, it must not be memorable.  The ambiance was good, the seating was very comfortable which made up for the food.  If there weren't waiters walking around, I could fancy I was in a Buddhist temple.I don't want to knock this place too much, but I don't think we got our money worth.
2	I love any kind of Asian food, but this just wasn't good.  Service extremely slow.  Wonton soup $8.00 and tasteless.  They gave us salt and pepper?  We had to ask for soy sauce?  Noodle dish expensive and didn't seem fresh.  I wouldn't recommend this restaurant.  Much better and less pricey alternatives in Vegas.
2	The portions are small and the food is pretty average overall.  This place seems to try too hard to be something they are not.  You could get better food at PF Changs and for a better price.
1	Outdated decor... slow and unfriendly service... paid $130 for 2 people (no cocktails) for Chinese food that was equivalent to a average Chinese buffet. Save yourself the money and frustration and eat at Beijing No. 9
3	Taste: 4Creativity/Authenticity: 3.5Atmosphere: 4Service: 4Bang for your buck: 2Went here with some buddies for my bday and a another; man its been while since ive had good chinese food; yeah we didnt get all the traditional food, but the steamed prawns and sea bass were amazing! the chicken was also cooked to perfection, crispy skin flavorful meat. Next the tofu and steamed vegetables were good, just a good complete meal nothing over powering the other, overall this place is great very classy and just a good meal!
4	A well kept secret in Caesar's Palace =)My parents brought me to Empress Court for dinner with my boyfriend and it was an AMAZING meal. Yes it's pricey but the food is really good and the service is impeccable. AND you get to take the secret elevator up to the actual dining area where it's quiet, peaceful and relaxing. When you get up to the main floor there is a really pretty fish tank in front of you and the restrooms are to the left. A hostess will lead you to your seat underneath a beautiful ceiling with twinkling lights. They also have beautiful art on the walls and the tables and chairs they use are very classy. The waiters/waitresses are always on top of their game; when we were there we never had to ask them for anything, they filled our waters, tea, wine, without us asking and did everything on point.I had a hot and sour soup to start which was quite delicious. This is one of my favorite soups and I'm glad I ordered it as a starter. For our meal we all shared the lobster, mapo tofu, kung pao chicken and fried rice with pork and shrimp. I really liked the tofu since it was in a semi-spicy sauce and the tofu was really soft and luscious. The kung pao was very good as well, and I really liked how they didn't overload the dish with peanuts and instead let every ingredient play its part. The lobster dish was an entire lobster in sauce, even the head!! The fried rice wasn't really anything special, so I'd pass on this next time. Of course we couldn't resist dessert so we had the key lime pie and the chocolate mousse with raspberry. They were both DIVINE. I was surprised because they weren't Asian desserts but they were perfect!! The key lime had a very potent but yummy citrus flavor and the chocolate mousse was fluffy and delectable. They even put little crunchies inside to give the mousse some texture, something I've never had before!The only down side to Empress is the price but I think it's well worth it. Definitely check it out if you are looking to splurge on some nom food and want to do so in a quiet, beautiful atmosphere.
3	I attended a large group dinner here in May...kind of a strange selection since some people don't care for Asian food.  I must have ordered wrong because some other guests enjoyed their meal more than I did.  The sea bass was fishy smelling...which completely turned me off from the dinner.
4	I really liked the won ton soup and the lemon chicken.  The place is beautiful and I felt a bit under dressed but hey I was in a 10 hour class (training) so I have an excuse hehe.  The waiters were very nice.
4	Props to this place for serving a party of 10 last minute for Thanksgiving dinner last night. The service was great and the place itself is fancy. The ceiling is this beautiful outer space dome but the sound echoes so badly that you feel like a schizophrenic hearing voices in your head!They serve great Sonoma wine. The prices are high but the food is high quality. My faves include the fish belly soup, the Peking duck (cut and assembled for you at the table), and the peppered beef!
4	This is the hidden germ of Vegas. I don't know why it has received 3 stars. I first experienced the food here a little more than a decade ago and it was amazing!I came back recently and the high quality of food/service is unchanged.Lettuce wraps and duck wraps/Peking duck is just great!Warning: if u like a big ass food portion then u shouldn't come here. If you prefer delicacy over regularity, then this is the place for u.
5	My wife visited here for the first time. The service was excellent. We never had to refill our own hot tea, nor did any plate sit finished on our table. The decor and aquarium inside add to the comfortable atmosphere.  I ordered the wok fried scallops and loved it. The XO sauce was yummy. We will be back for more, no question.
