4	Ah, ye old half star debate. Really, I think this place deserves 3.5 stars - definitely not a 3 but not ready for a 4 yet. But I want to give it positive vibes, as I think that the Birdcage is a fab addition to Musselburgh. If you can find it, that is. Be warned, it's off the main drag, in a semi-industrial estate (it's a converted cotton mill) and in the dark, an absolute bugger to find (first road on the left by the job centre, folks). I had all but given up when I saw my friend run out of her car, so followed her into a pedestrian quadrant where the Birdcage sat. It's a very modern bar and restaurant, serving pretty modern dishes that are really rather unheard of in this town. Balsamic roasted beetroot with goats cheese and rocket salad? How on earth does that fit in with the local chippy? I don't think it does, but really, honestly and truly not a bad thing. Sadly, said salad didn't have the flavour I was expecting, the beetroot and rocket both overpowered by the cheese, and the vinegar didn't carry over any flavour at all, so I was a little disappointed, although overall it was a pleasant salad. My main was a gnocchi (home made by the looks of it) with wild mushroom, drizzled with truffle oil. A little greasy for my liking, but I find mushroom dishes to be generally more greasy, so you can take that comment with a pinch of salt. My friend's angus burger and chips looked fabulous, and meaty (both chips and burger). We both went all out with dessert - chocolate fondant for her, and sticky toffee pudding for me. Not something I normally order, but damn, the flavours were outstanding, with toffee and cinammon screaming out. Sponge itself was a little dry. So you can probably see why this is a 3.5 star. Although the food was good, it wasn't amazing or hit the level of sophistication that this place is striving for. However, I don't want Birdcage to fail - perhaps, as it hasn't been open too long, it just needs to stretch its wings out a little more and will improve in time. I think that now that I have the option of old mans pub or trendy bar in my hometown as well, that I will be definitely back to drink some more here too, beats a bus ride into Edinburgh on a dark wintery night.
5	Another hidden gem - you would not know it was there! Don't let the location fool you, this is a classy venue for a quiet meal out. Food is excellent and the ambience delightful. Great for an evening meal, weekend brunch or afternoon tea. Gorgeous interior and exterior view.
2	Hmmm....despite the surroundings the staff at the birdcage didn't get off to the best of starts...A beautiful sunny day with an entire restaurant empty and the only other table besides ours was next to us outside. In spite of having more staff than you could shake a stick at I still had to go inside to firstly get hold of a menu so that we could order. We were quite hungry so thought a couple of snack plates out in the sunshine would be nice. 10 minutes later we'd still not had our drinks order taken. Along comes a waitress...one Passionfruit Margarita and a coke please. No problem. 10 minutes after that someone comes out to say that "I'm sorry we have no passionfruit would you like a normal Margarita?" No worries, yes please. 10 minutes after that a lady comes outside with the one drink, the Margarita...erm excuse me we ordered a coke too please. "Oh sorry, I'll just go and get it for you..." 5 minutes later it arrived. She didn't even ask if we would like any food. My god not that we would now given the it's taken 35minutes to get a drink in an empty restaurant/bar...The menu however does look nice. Perhaps we will give it a try during one of their 50% off days as if we receive the same level of service I won't feel so enraged with half off the meal.The Jury is out but in the meantime I'm giving this place a 2 and it's only really for the surroundings not the minging Margarita or the poor poor service.
