4	We went here on Sat - opening weekend.  The service was great, there was a good variety of sushi and very nice portions.  We got to talk to the sushi chef about the varieties of fish and which were good that day.  We enjoyed the food and location.
4	Finally a worthy sushi bar has landed in tempe. If your smart you will sit at the bar and chat up the chef.
3	I am always nervous ordering sushi at a new place and I stupidly didn't read the other yelp reviews first or I would have known that was what to get!  Instead, I got the combination plate of Teriyaki chicken and tempura which was ok.  Next time, I will get the sushi.  The service was great and super friendly.
1	Ordered edamame...never came...server then forgot about us and the sushi chef had to come take our order (much appreciated). Ordered beer...the server forgot...  Food came out....they forgot the rice for the beef terriyaki...we reminded our server about the rice that was forgotten...he forgot again...Noticing a theme here?  The staff was very nice but were extremely forgetful and non responsive.  After voicing my frustration and asking to just get our food boxed up, we ended up getting one of our rolls that we ordered on the house.  I thought this was a nice gesture, but hardly enough to make up for this frustrating experience.  I would have understood the lack of service if they were incredibly busy, but they were not.  They just seemed to be understaffed for a saturday night.   It is a shame because the terriyaki steak and the chirashi bowl we ordered were both very good.  I will not be returning to this place and will be eating the rest of my dinner that was boxed upat home after i make some rice.  Assuming that i dont forget!
3	Really, I'd like to give this place a 2 1/2 but since I can't and the service was great, I'll give it 3.My dining partner and I had been in search of good sushi in Tempe since Kanpai closed, and came across this place on yelp.While the sushi wasn't terrible, it really wasn't anything special. We tried the spicy tuna, eel, volcano, and tempura shrimp rolls. Three of the rolls were just smothered in sauce and the spicy tuna wasn't that spicy. Luckily, we came at happy hour so the price was very manageable. The only reason I feel bad giving such a low rating is the service. The two people working (not sure if they were the owners) were very nice and attentive. Otherwise, we were very underwhelmed.
5	This place is amazing. Locally owned and family run with melt in your mouth salmon (highly recommend the salmon and apple roll and the philly roll). So far I've been here twice, the first time with my boyfriend just because we were passing by and wanted to check it out. The sushi chef speaks quietly but is very fun to talk to, so sit at the bar if you can. We went again with family and friends this past friday for a birthday, and everyone loved it. The sushi was absolutely amazing, but the best part was that the owner remembered us, and even remembered how I like my tea - I didn't have to order it, she just knew! It's a very clean and friendly establishment, and a great price for high quality sushi; however if you are on a budget and still want great sushi, go during happy hour at 5pm-7pm Mon-Sat.
5	The staff were SO welcoming and so friendly. I love that it is a family owned business too. Although I only ate one roll, it was delicious. I went with my family, and they said all of the sushi they got was really good, as well. Oh! They have happy hour from 5-7 which was why I originally wanted to go check it out. Overall, it was a great first experience!
2	Won't be going back.  Husband ordered a gin and tonic.  Had to send it back as it didn't taste good and he was told they don't have tonic so they make their own?!?!?  The vegetarian sushi rolls we ordered did not taste or look that fresh... the avocado was brown.  Ick!  Did enjoy the rolls with asparagus tempura but they ran out of asparagus so we couldn't order anymore.  Also, the interior really needs to be fixed up.  They place did not have a nice ambiance and a big piece of wood blocking the old window to outside.  I can't imagine this place will be in business for much longer.
4	Apparently this place has been open about 3 months...but it's pretty much my new favorite.  They're still fine tuning as far as the location setup goes, but the service was impeccable.  The patio was empty, but they set up a table outside to cater to my girl's desire to bake in the AZ heat.  We had a couple cucumber outside rolls, the caliente, and the special was an apple and salmon roll, I think.  Nobody else is doing apple, so they got some extra points right off the bat.  The caliente was probably my favorite, though I really like the cucumber rolls as well.(a few places will do this on request, but they have it as a menu item)  Also, they weren't skimpy with the fishies.  There were larger portions of fish than you get at a lot of places around town.  So the food was good, but the feather in their cap is the owner.  She's ridiculously friendly and welcoming.  I want this place to do well 'cuz I'd rather give my chump change to a great mom and pop, than a franchise like RA.  Not that you'd never catch me at RA; I just like to support the small (deserving) owners when possible.
5	I have been here a few times as it is on my way home from work and each time the food has been great. The Salmon and Hamachi are great and the weekly specials are always good. The Yaki Soba and tempura Udon are very good from the lunch menu and they fill you up. It is a small family owned place and the staff are friendly. The prices are reasonable and the fish is always good for me this is the best sushi place in Tempe.
4	When I realized that this sushi place had opened up under new management I had to go in!  I went for lunch one day because I had a craving.  It's locally owned, and I'm a big fan of supporting local business.  I was not disappointed.  I'm a creature of habit, but they have a huge menu with creative rolls and it's all explained on the back of the menu so you don't have to look like a sushi-newby by asking what's in everything.  The owners were both very personable, attentative and friendly.  The sushi chef seemed nice too and would probably chat you up even if you went by yourself to get your sushi fix!  I wish this place would get more business!  I sorta joked with my date last Friday night that I had "rented out the place especially for her" because it wasn't that crowded.  That being said, until business picks up (which it should because the prices are very reasonable) you can go there for an intimate dinner and not have to yell over the big crowds at mainstream sushi joints.  I really hope you go try em' out and spread the word!  There aren't too many great sushi choices in Tempe, and if you go to Ra you're gonna spend waaayy to much for the same quality food.Thumbs up, I'm not going anywhere else in Tempe now.
5	Amazing friendly service! Sharon is super nice and very attentive. We had a fabulous dining experience, even with 2 small children in tow! Highly reccomed the Sun Devil roll! If you like spicy rolls, you will thouroughly enjoy! Price was extremely reasonable. They even have a food challenge! The Godzilla roll (which is delicious) challenge. If you can eat it in an hour it's free and you get a t-shirt! My dining partner has set this as his goal for his upcoming birthday! We will be coming here for a long time!!
3	I went here last night with some friends because we wanted to work on some school work and this place has free wifi, which was a big plus. The service at this restaurant was very good and very attentive, but, unfortunately, the food wasn't awesome. I don't eat fish, but I like to eat vegetarian rolls. I ordered the asparagus roll, which the menu said was avocado, cucumber, and asparagus tempura.... well..... it was only asparagus and it wasn't tempura. The asparagus was just maybe blanched... didn't have much flavor at all.... that was pretty disappointing. I also got some inari, and it was run of the mill inari, not bad but nothing special. I had a house salad and the dressing is that orange dressing that is usually very good, and this was a slightly watered down version of that dressing. A couple other girls had shrimp tempura rolls and said they were just ok.... they have rice on the outside of the roll that just fell everywhere.... not the best thing. So all in all, it is not a place I would rush back to by any means.... but it wasn't horrible. PS I found it very off putting that they play all christian music here.... I don't particularly like eating dinner over someone singing "Jesus, Jesus" over and over, but maybe that's just me....
3	I've been here 3 times, each time has been a totally different experience. The first time I went I was pleased with the amount of very affordable appetizers on their menu. However, there was a lot of drama that happened that night with the staff members and the police and that made for a pretty awkward experience. The second time that I went, it was good but the staff was slow. They are very nice however. The last time I went, I ordered sushi and man is it expensive. It was alright. I was looking in the case with the fish and it didn't look super fresh, but the crunch roll was pretty good. Not sure if I'll go back.
4	Gotta love the literal "Mom and Pop" place, especially when it's something delicious like sushi. Prices are pretty good, and service was exceptional. Both the husband and wife (I'm assuming) who own the place were very attentive and friendly. I really enjoyed my meal. The sushi was alright. I give it 3/5, 5 being Benihana and 1 being grocery store California rolls. Maybe it is because I got an eel roll and was not expecting it to be as fishy as it was, but in hindsight all eel rolls are very fishy, so that's more of a criticism of my own tastes than anything else. Regardless, the sushi was fair and the drinks were well-poured. The owner was also very kind to us and took 20% off all of our bills instead of just one (because I only had one coupon). I miss the Thai place that used to be in this space, so I want to see a business succeed here. It is important to eat locally!
3	I'm a big supporter of small local businesses so regardless.  Though I've very honest with my readers too.Sayuri is a cute Sushi joint and locally owned.  I appreciate their HH menus -- why don't they have more of these at Sushi joints!  Sake Bomber baby!  They do have exotic ingredients, which I love (whole fried shrimp including the head!) My friend was watching me eat this and was intrigued. The sushi overall was good, but nothing that really keyed up my palates. I rather enjoyed the low ambience - it wasn't your typical RA Sushi with blaring music!Service was good - Sharon will show you some and love and attention.  Would I go back -- like I said I'm a big supporter of locally owned businesses so of course. - Enjoy!
5	Most places that say they have great service but actually have mediocre service makes places like this undershine. Fantastic service, great sushi. I disagree with all the other bad reviews. This place will get better and better. Neighborhood sushi! Try the salmon apple roll. I wish the happy hour prices were better though. Or at least more options.
1	Sharon, the owner served us and she was very nice that's why I give it one star otherwise I will just give negatives, the sushi here is just BAD to the extreme! this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's. The seaweed salad is ok but that's about it. The rolls are small, rice is not cooked in the right way, the fishes are not fresh at all, the sashimi pieces are cut in all kinds of shapes because the low quality of the meat it's used, and poor slicing technique. We ordered the octopus sushi and the octopus is no longer in it's fresh pink-red color and has been turned into gray. The composition and structure of the sushis are simply amateur and lack of skill, I usually show a great respect to sushi chefs but this chef does not know how to make authentic sushis and I think it is a shame. We ordered 3 rolls, few sushis, and 2 sashimis, and it is  the worst experience I have ever had with sushi. I am not looking for some beginner level sushi if I am spending $90 for two people, yet this place have failed dramatically. I am sure I will never go to this place again, and no offense to the others Yelpers, but I think those people who give this place 4 or 5 stars are either don't know what real sushi taste like or rating the place fully on their friendly service.  Trust me, the sushi there is very very disappointing.  For your informations if you want good sushi in AZ, Shimogamo or Toyama have some fine sushis. If you really want authenic sushis, take a trip to California, Ota Sushi, Sushi Gen, Hide Sushi, Urasawa, Sushi Sushi all have real great sushis.
5	I wish I could give it more than 5 stars!  I came here 2 nights in a row. the first night the food and the service were very good. that by itself wold have earned it high marks. But we ended up in a conversation with the owner (Sharon) who found out by accident that we like hot food. She invited us to come back and she would make us hot food not on the menu. So we came back the next evening and it was beyond worthwhile!  She served us both hot food, as well as some very unique items unlike anything I had ever had. One of the Sushi rolls we had was made with spicy crab and bananas (sounds strange I know, but the flavors blended unbelievably!) We finished the meal off with a roll that had chocolate, cream cheese and  wasabi, again odd combination that was incredible.Trust me, go in, ask for Sharon or AJ, Take their recommendations and just enjoy the ride.I will definitely be back!!!!!
5	Two things about sushi have always scared me:Raw fish in the heat of Arizona.Walking into a super-trendy sushi bar where everyone is in high heels, and actually using the chopsticks! After visiting Sayuri, I fear sushi no more! The fish tastes fresh and you can see the proper storage of their food at the bar. The restaurant is laid-back and clean, and they even have a cozy dining patio! The service is sincere, and I get a hug from the owner each time I go in! Prices are fair, especially on happy hour. I've been hear for dates, family parties, girls' night... and I would say my review would be a consistent five-stars!For something crisp and refreshing, I recommend the roll with Fuji Apple. Creamy and filling, go with the Sun Devil roll!Remember that they are closed between lunch and dinner.
4	Awesome service, fresh wasabi and tuna.... enough said. Thx Sharon can't wait to come back
4	Yes it's true what they say:  this place is like the "Cheers" of sushi joints.  The hostess Sharon was great about making us feel comfortable in a place that is local and has it's own local clientele.  But that is ok because the waitress and Sharon made us feel like we should be part of the scene. The chefs, though not Japanese, are enthusiastic and willing to make your rolls to the best of their ability.  I would try the Sun Devil and some of their other unique rolls- definitely different than your average sushi joint.  They even recommended other restaurants to try since we are not from Phoenix: very nice people.
2	The sushi here was only ok, and definitely pricy for what you're getting.  There are definitely places out there with higher quality fish and cheaper prices.
3	The thing I liked most about this family sushi shindig is the fact that the family really works together here. The fish is fresh and the sushi competes with some fine caliber fancier places.  Still, go to the happy hour and find a way to try three of the items listed on that menu.  You won't be disappointed.  Great for lunch.
4	Came in a little early so I had to wait to get my sushi, but that's not their fault. Salmon sashimi was decent, pretty fresh tasting. Las Vegas roll was ok. Water tasted funny. I'll be going back again just at a later time when the old folks who show up right as they open are sleeping.
