3	My husband and I ate here since everywhere else was closed on Easter and we needed a place to watch the first baseball game of the season. (Which reminds me, I should probably write an angry review about how slow Comcast is to hook people's cable up around here...)It's a chain steakhouse with a Texas vibe, forgettable overall.  The husband got a steak and fries which he deemed "good."  (There's a reason he's not on yelp...)  I had a salmon caesar salad with way too much dressing, but the salmon was perfectly cooked.  Everything was quite expensive, with meals starting around $15.I don't think that we would come back.  I would rate this place around 2.5--rounded up for the excellent service (even though we sat at the bar and didn't drink) and being open on a major holiday.
4	Another Pittsburgh Steakhouse (but I *DO* like this one)Located at the far side of West Waterfront Drive in HomesteadPROS:Very nice staffWe really enjoy the food, steaks and appetizers, alikeRestrooms are cleanRestaurant is cleanBar area to grab a drink at and sneak a peak at the menu if you have to wait to be seated.CONS:a bit pricey, most are
4	I'm surprised there are so few reviews. The food is wonderful. Always a line up. Make reservations if you want to try this place. Best steakhouse in the area. The steak is cooked exactly the way you want. I didn't think they were expensive at all, around $20 for a steak. I think that's reasonable for what you are getting. The four of us ate around $100. Make a reservation if you want to try this place otherwise the wait is really really long. My husband had the Porter house steak. It was huge. It was cooked perfect. I had the crab stuffed fillet of beef. It was really good. They are at the waterfront. Love this area, right by the theatre.
4	Yummy food ..the service was great..very nice..
4	I ate here a week ago and the service was badddddd they were rude and selfish the one girl was txt on her phone.. And I ask one of the young guy to wipe off the table and he took a paper towel and did it I was like eeeewwwww I bet his house is gross then the girl that bought are food out smell like hot sex lol idk.. Food is good here but not the service fuck that!!!
3	Average steakhouse at best.  I ordered a rib eye for 19.49.  It came with a side and a salad.  I got the loaded bake potato which was nothing special.  Cheese wasn't melted and needed a magnifying glass to see the bacon.  It was also on the smaller side.  I upgraded the salad for another $1.59 to get the strawberry salad and pecan salad. It was overdrenched in dressing and had a small piece of 1 orange.  Not as advertised.  I added on sauteed mushrooms/onions for $3.29.  This was on the high end for this kind of place and for what you got.  The honey bread was decent.   Service was OK given how crowded it was.  Bar area has a bunch of tables and few televisions.
5	We went here last Saturday for lunch.We were seated promptly and  our server was attentive and polite the whole time.Longhorn has added a 500 calorie preperation for several dish's on their menu.  I am really a big fan of any place that adds calorie info and sticks to it,We both got flo's filet 7oz and vegetables.  The steaks were well prepared.The manager even came by and asked us how the food was.I recommend this steakhouse to those of us who like to fit in our pants.
2	It was a late night and almost everything else was closed. I was VERY happy that I had an option for dinner. There were three or four other tables filled at the time so we figured that it couldn't be that bad. I was hungry and quick to order:Bread and ButterFrench Onion SoupBoneless Buffalo Wings16oz Prime Rib (medium) with baked sweet potato and Mac'n cheeseI was happy to have the bread arrive so soon after our order due to how hungry I was; it helped that it was actually rather tasty. I was hoping that the bread would be a foreshadowing of the rest of the meal when the french onion soup arrived. I was a tad let down by the size of the soup. I was really let down when I tried to the soup; it was just not something I wanted to order again. As I was picking through the soup, my boneless buffalo wings arrived. I immediately switched gears and dug into the wings. I don't understand what they did in the kitchen, but the wings tasted more like liquid smoke than buffalo. My thoughts of a great late-night dinner were quickly dissipating. At this point, I was hoping that the entree would should show me something that was better than what I had tried.When the entree arrived I was surprised yet again by the fact that my mac'n cheese was missing. My server assured me that it would be coming so dug into the meat and sweet potato. I was still rather hungry since I hadn't eaten much of the soup or the wings. The meat was a tad overcooked while the sweet potato was undercooked. I moved the potato to the side and focused on the meat. While I never did receive the mac'n cheese, I don't know that I would have eaten considering the quality of the rest of the food.After seeing the bill, I can guarantee that I won't return to this particular steakhouse.
3	The price is pretty high considering the mediocre steak. Seems to be in good business, perhaps because it is beside the theater.
4	Pittsburgh has never been big on restaurant chains but I have to say that I really like this location of the Longhorn Steakhouse. My wife and I have gone here a couple times and have always had a good experience. The past time our waitress didn't have much personality but I'm sure thats not her fault. She was attentive and brought us refills and checked on us several times. Wish she would have taken our salad bowls away before bringing the main course but maybe it was just an oversight.overall a good place to get a steak.
4	This LongHorn Steakhouse is one of my favorite chain restaurants in the Pittsburgh area. My husband and I have dined here several Sunday afternoons when we were craving a delicious steak. Service has ranged from average to good. The food has always been excellent though! I always say that I'm going to have "just one" slice of that amazing Honey Wheat bread and then I end up eating half of a loaf. I love the 9 oz Flo's Filet Steak, cooked Medium Rare. Delicious! I'm sure we'll be back soon when we have another steak craving.
1	Weak service!!! Had a reservation at 6.  Host told us we'd be next.  Been standing here for an hour!!! Bartenders won't look our way waitress getting rude because they're so many people waiting.  Not worth it at all.  We'll see how good this food is.
4	I liked so much, they have perfect steak I have never tasted before, in my opinion I have ordered a deal for two persons with two salad and two sides, I have the option to choose any type of steak, I ordered T-bone cooked medium well, it was really delicious and which was a good price around 50 dollars. I tried cheese onion soup twice, I liked the thick roasted cheese on it.
2	The first time I visited this restaurant is was just right the food the service everything was great! I just went there to eat this past Monday and it was the complete opposite of my first visit. The service was terrible I guess my server had too many tables and was unable to put in my order for appetizers 5 minutes before my food arrived. And to top it off my daughter had hair in her mashed potatoes! Yuck! Oh one more thing... This place was very nasty and dirty.. The carpets were covered in food and there menu's had all kind of BBQ sauce wiped and smeared across them very uncomfortable very! I will never return to this restaurant again!
4	For a chain steakhouse, I think this place is pretty good!  I am not a big red meat eater, but I enjoy a good steak every once and a while.  I have never been to a big fancy steakhouse so my review may not be the best one to go by, but I enjoyed myself!When we first arrived, we were told it would be a 45-50 minute wait...it was Valentine's Day weekend, so that was expected.  However, 15 minutes later we were seated and giving our drink orders!  I got an 8 oz sirloin, cooked medium rare, with mashed potatoes and let me just say, it did not disappoint!  The steak was full of flavor and was cooked perfectly.  The potatoes were delish (I love potatoes)...and our appetizer of shrimp and lobster dip was pretty tasty too! I will definitely be going back.  It is an affordable steakhouse, where I have consistently had stellar service and awesome food.
3	Arrived around 10 so a little late but not crazy. No waiting but the place was fairly  busy. Drink order was a little slow. Food came out fairly quickly and was prepared properly. My steak was very fatty but tasty. Awesome bread. Overall a nice place but texas Roadhouse is better and less expensive :)
5	Go here 2 or 3 times a year and never had a problem. Service is great and so is the food.
5	I have one word.... cucumber mojito! Amazing!Stayed in a hotel in the area just for fun. So we grabbed a few drinks here before starting the night. The bartender was incredible. Very personable and funny. The type where you want to come back knowing that she knew her drinks. And she was personable.We didn't eat here, but i've eated at other locations. The food is really good. But this review is about the cucumber mojito! I could have drank a million of those!!! I want one now!
4	Let's note the smokestacks right outside the location and how cool they make it look.Came here for a yelp event and it was quite extravagant... SteaksgivingObviously this is chain. The inside decor is standard western and is very clean.Our waiter was extremely attentive patiently  giving us a detailed explanation of what the options on the menu were. The food to my surprise landed a bit above par. The pretzel sticks were very good, as well as the chicken bites, and sweet corn pritters for the win! Wild West shrimp was nothing special...The blue cheese salad was alright one complaint I had was that it was uncut but no big deal.Got an 18 oz outlaw ribeye medium well... No complaints there. Nice juicy steak.Not a big fan of potato and leek au cheese side. Do asparagus or Mac and cheese. Dessert was pretty good had chocolate and pumpkin spice cake, also a tart was offered which was my favorite.Longhorn did an awesome job with this event. Loved it.
5	I went to a Yelp event here last night.  I haven't been to a Longhorn in years.  I tend to stay away from chain restaurants.  This was a different kind of experience. The service was top notch.  Our servers name was Kirsten? she was very knowledgable and made a great recommendation for my wine.  The manager, Ed, was very helpful and eager to please, making sure everything was perfect.  He went above and beyond for us.  We started out with a few apps buttermilk shrimp served w ranch, sweet corn fritters, and spicy chicken bites.  All of them were nice for snacking on before our entrees arrived.  I ordered the 18oz bone in ribeye and It was delicious!  They served the steaks with table side steak sauce and a chili sauce you can add to spice it up.  So good!  After we were finished with our entrees the desserts started pouring out of the kitchen. Each plate beautifully presented and let me tell you the portions were huge!  They served a pumpkin spice lava cake, pecan pie, and chocolate stampede!  All were delicious.  My favorite was the pecan pie. Yum!  Thank goodness I came hungry!  I will definitely return to this Longhorn when I'm on the prowl for some meat eatin.
4	It's been a long while since I have given a chain restaurant 4 and a half stars, but comparing it with its kind, it's actually pretty awesome.   I got the opportunity to try a sampling of several appetizers, sides, steak, and desserts .  What a pleasant surprise!   Some must haves...- The pretzel sticks appetizer.  Soft inside and salty outside, with two dipping sauces that really complimented it well.   - The fried shrimp appetizer.  Plentiful and delicious with some banana peppers and ranch dipping sauce.   - The steak!   I ordered the filet, cooked to a perfect medium rare.   - The mac and cheese.  I didn't order it, but looked on with envy as one of my companions devoured it.   - The chocolate dessert.   This thing was massive.   MASSIVE.   More than enough for two people and really better suited for four.  For $6.   What?   And it was delicious.  Not terribly rich for as much chocolate was it was, which i appreciated.   What really sold me on this place though was the service.  I went with a very large party (20 people) and the staff did a great job.   There was one little snafu with a steak - the manager didn't like how it looked and didn't serve it, which meant that person ate a little after everyone else.  We didn't really care, but they were super apologetic and even gave him a gift card for the trouble.  Above and beyond for sure.
5	For this place being a chain restaurant I'm really surprised.  We go here every chance we possibly can (1 - 3x per month) since we have never been disappointed. I have a 3 month old that is breastfed and of course sometimes children are unpredictable and in the middle of dinner they seem to always want to eat. I am not one of those mothers that will feed at a dinner table and was very leary on taking her to the bathroom to feed. But since I didn't have much more of a choice I went to the bathroom. The bathroom was very clean and also had a chair in the family changing/handy-cap bathroom, which was definitely a added bonus to the great food!
1	Ordered dinner to go, $42.99 porterhouse steak for two medium rare, steak was burnt and sides of potatoes were drenched with butter! I tried to call to give my experience but the phone rang 10 times no answer! So I will never order again!
