5	After having a good experience at David Bann's my vegetarian friend asked me if I wanted to check out Black Bo's. This dinner left me just as full as any other night after I have finished a great steak. Being a meat-eater I would consider converting if I could eat at places like this all the time. Small and cozy, the place is unimpressive when you walk in however, stick with it. The food was amazing I started with a vegetable stir-fry crepe with melted brie and cranberry chutney. Then went on to have mushroom and pecan balls, filled with garlic cream cheese, and served with a pineapple chutney. It was to die for. My biggest disappointment of the night was not having discovered this restaurant sooner. Great prices overall definitely worth it, even for those meat- lovers out there.
5	Oh. My. Lord. This place is amazing. And amazing might even be an understatement. I know a helluva lot of vegetarians and vegans in Edinburgh. Edinburgh's actually a pretty decent city to be ethical about your eating habits. Most places either have a vegetarian/vegan option or are vegetarian/vegan. I heard about Black Bo's through a militant vegan friend of mine who spends most of her time planning her next meal. She's a fan of food, she is. So, when my parents ventured upon Edinburgh, I decided to take them there. It's useful having them around, you see. They feed me very well. This is a relevant fact: my father, if he could, would be a pure carnivore. The thought of eating at a vegetarian restaurant did not appeal to him at all. Let's just say, he left real happy. The menu at Black Bo's changes pretty consistently. The first time I went there I had some sort of heavenly stuffed aubergine. I can't even remember what most of the ingredients were, but they made my taste buds tingle. The day I finished my last exam, I went there with a few friends and I had some filo pastry thing filled with pistachios and asparagus with grapes sort of just strewn about the plate. The grapes were a brilliant idea. Seriously. Rumour has it that they once had a meat option (see, they were getting back at meaty restaurants for always having a vegetarian "option"), but no-one ever ordered it, so they scrapped it. Yes, meat-eaters out there. Vegetarian food can be good.I'm not much of a food critic, but I know when food makes me happy. And this food makes me very happy.
4	The neon sign kinda put me off a little bit, but I always heard amazing things about Bo's. I struggled too at first with the idea of going to a vegetarian restaurant - I like my meat. But I was pleasantly surprised!!The pasta was delicious - I just knew it was too good and I would have to slog it off at the gym the next day. But tasty doesn't quite give it justice!!The place itself doesn't excite me too much, but it's nice and a good place to come for vegetarian friends. Definitely one to keep in mind.
5	My daughter and I were in Edinburgh in October and had dinner at Black Bo's. This place was such a pleasant surprise. We felt so welcomed, so relaxed and the food is excellent. It's quaint, warm and delicious. I look forward to returning. Try this place, I am sure you will feel the same way.
5	Words cannot describe how fantastic this food was! This place lives up to all of it's reviews. Phenomenal vegetarian and vegan food that most meat lovers would love.
2	By the looks of it this place is under new management. As a result the range of drinks stocked is less comprehensive than it used to be and the decor's gone rather minimalist & sterile. Not sure that the bistro is any longer vegetarian either.
