2	While this isn't the fanciest of places by any means (two hand-written signs on the wall proclaim "no cigar smoking in restaurant"), the food is quite decent.  Also be forewarned, this is certainly a local hangout, and as such you won't find niceties such as a hostess (you have to seat yourself) and they don't have a non-smoking section (all tables are smoking).  That's the way that the clientele likes it, and if you can get past those things, the prices are decent, the service quick, if not exactly stellar, and the food hot.The quality of the food may not exactly be the best, but let's face it - when you're at a 24-hour eatery, you aren't always looking for the best food, are you?  Most times when you stop at a joint like this, you're looking for the fastest service, and as long as it's edible, it will be fine.  This location is no exception to that rule.  The food does quite well in that regard, in fact, and might even exceed your expectations.
3	This place kind of reminds me of the restaurant my grandparents used to take me to when I was a kid.  The kind of down home looking place where no one would suspect mobsters to meet and plan their various activities over coffee.  I'm kidding of course, but I really do like this place.  The food is good and it's great for people watching.  So the next time you're hung over and need some good pancakes, or just an inconspicuous spot to plan your next bank heist you know where to come.
3	This is a late night grub spot that has down-home country style breakfast dishes served around the clock, twenty-four hours baby!  I haven't really been here during the day only because I love my breakfast late at night or early in the morning.  You can tell that their are a lot of regulars even at night, because the older waitress serving the man beside me already knew what he was going to have.  I always order the veggie omelet, two biscuits, and a side of grits (with sugar, it sounds weird but you need to try it).  I don't really mind smoke, but if you do mind, try another place.  The service is good, the prices are comparable to The Waffle House, and the entertainment is free.  You can witness a lot of different walks of life here if you hit it up at the right time.  Skip Huddle House and come to Liberty East.
3	While not the fanciest place, it seemed clean and the people were friendly.The service was good and the prices inexpensive.  I liked the place! The food was tasty and they had alot of good diner food that you can get 24/7.
2	Well....it is open 24 hours.
5	Great place for breakfast, And for what it is a "Diner" Eggs are always poached excactly the way i asked, my wifes always gets the french toast and is delicoius, coffee is always hot and nice and strong not watered down and weak like some other area diners,  staff is super nice and patient with my small children,  You will have to wait on the weekends though.  I have also frequented this place after a late nite out with the boys,  perfect after "bar" "club" type of place as well.  Place is always very clean.  crowd is from all walks of life young and old.   I Hope it remains another 30 years
4	Looking for a 24-hr diner with filling meals and good prices?  Liberty East fits the description.  I've been going there faithfully for about 2 years.  If you drive on Independence Blvd. past 11 PM, you will see the parking lot is full of cars.   Yea, the decor is dated and the owner is grumpy, but the food is what keeps me coming back. There are a few waitresses that have been there for quite a while are they give consistently good service.  The younger waitresses are hit-and-miss in their service.  You can get a gut-busting gyro and fries for less than $6 or breakfast complete with egg, grits, toast/hashbrowns and meat for around $5.   I would not recommend going after 9 PM or so, you will run into the club and bar-goers sobering up.  If you don't mind that, this is your place.
3	The Liberty East is an icon of East Charlotte, which helps it in my book.  The food is nothing spectacular.  I love breakfast so I love the Liberty East.  Love isn't the right word.  I like the Liberty East.  The prices are something out the days of 50 cent gas and the cigarette machine reminds you that this place was a smokey, greasy spoon at one time.  Today, you can't smoke in the restaurant.
5	This 5 star review is very different from most of my others. This is a 5 star perfect run of the mill, ridiculously consistent, super friendly, makes me feel warm inside type of diner. But don't mistake it for anything else, it is a diner. A classic 24 hour, gets eggs & bacon whenever you want type of place.Service is top notch (especially Sara & Myra) as well as most of the others. Coffee is always fresh and kept warm and full in my cup. Food is more consistent than other other restaurant I have been to in CLT. I know exactly what is getting put in front of me, and for a great price.I have learned to order my hash browns well done, because otherwise they are kinda raw in the middle, but they accommodate to any request with a smile. Dinner plates are all great that I have tried as well, their brown gravy has a hint of cinnamon & nutmeg in it. A bit different, but once I got used to it I loved it! I almost feel my wife and I are here "too often" but for great price and a wait staff who knows your "regular" this is my go to place for eats any time of day.
3	There aren't enough of these "greasy spoon" places in the Queen City. I was here a couple of years back (when they still let people smoke in restaurants) and it was good then (other than the smoke). Now, it's the same tables, the same waitresses (I think) and it's the same exact food - grilled and fried excellence.Typical breakfast options (eggs and...) and the usual non-egg meals that I tend to expect in a diner. Rather than a grilled cheese, my brain took me to the club sandwich, which is a good bellwether for determining diner quality. If they can't do a club, they're not worth eating.Well, my club was great. Perfectly formed with the toothpick through the center of each quartered sandwich, piled high with good tomato, lettuce, mayo, bacon and sliced turkey. A large pile of very hot steak fries on the side were an excuse for pouring ketchup onto the plate.Decent prices - under $10 for a good meal including tip.
4	This place is a place to eat after a night of drinking and dancing. I went to another usual spot for that, but they were closed. However, this place is just another place as a back up and a nice diner food type of restaurant. I ordered the $5.55 eggs, hasbrowns, toast, and sausage on the menu. It was awesome, I ate it with no complaints. I usually order the Philly Cheese Steak, but I thought it was a little late for something so hearty. Inside it's just like diner seating, nothing special.The place is open mostly anytime of the day, as far I can remember about their open and closing times. Prices are cheap, mostly everything under $10. This place is one of those hidden gems to me in the Queen City, as most people don't know about it and end up going to Waffle House.
3	This place has been around Charlotte for more than 40 years. It's "breakfast served all day" kind of spot that offers a full diner type menu. I don't come here often, but when I do, it's to chow down on some breakfast. The service is fast & friendly. Don't expect anything fancy but you will get some food that hits the spot!
3	Good breakfast spot. Can't go wrong with 2 eggs scrambled with cheese, sausage, hash browns, toast, coffee! Lunch and dinner food can be hit or miss, I usually stick to breakfast. This place did seem to go down hill a couple years ago and I quit going for a while. I started going back last year and they seem to be back to normal. Waitresses are friendly, most have been there forever. I would disagree with the reviewer who said the place was filthy. I have never seen it like that but maybe late at night it gets that way. The place is old and it's a diner, the same tables and fixtures have been there forever, but that doesn't make it dirty. I am paranoid about cleanliness and this place has never bothered me.
1	I visited this establishment 3 times in the space of one week in June.I was not impressed the first time but I gave it a second chance as its convenient,second visit was also poor.I then visited it a third time just praying it would be at least ok,I was staying in a Hotel in the area so this was the only dining option in walking distance.The food was rubbish on all 3 occasions,each of my visits was for lunch and I would not dream of returning here in the future.Difficult to understand how the food levels are so poor as it seems to be family operated and it is well staffed but they cannot even do the simple things well like a beef sandwich.Leaving on my 3rd visit I was disgusted I was served this below average standards once again,this place seems to be reasonable busy but they can only get away with serving that crap for so long.Stay away from this restaurant its the worst I have ever been to in my 4 years of living in America! I would never usually be so critical over something but on this occasion there is just no way of avoiding it.
5	Great food in old fashioned "greasy spoon".  Wish there were more restaurants like this around.  Not a chain but a real deal where cooks know how to cook.  Fair prices, great filling food, nothing fancy.  Don't be put off by the out dated decor or low overhead- great servers, great food.  Definitely planning on becoming a regular.
5	Best fried pork chop I've ever had. Solid huge lunch requiring a doggy bag each time for under $10.
