4	This review was really tough for me because everything about this place sucks except for one sandwich.And here's the thing about that.THIS SANDWICH IS LIKE JESUS.It could be the most amazing thing I've ever tasted. I crave it fortnightly, no joke. Don't try the pizza and stay awaaaaaaay from the calzones. Try the Bronx Bomber. I swear to god you will probably scream some incredibly inappropriate exaltation after your first bite, that is, if you don't just lose all faculties and crap your pants right there in the shop.Yeah, I'm pretty crazy about it.
3	A while back a friend brought over a white pizza from some central Phoenix pizza establishment that made me change the way i looked at cheese. I've been searching for it ever since, which lead me to finally give Manhattan a try the other day.Why did it take so long when it is just down the street from me? This place is super fucking creepy. Just driving by it gives me the heeby geebies. Looks like a waffle house without the sweet giant globe lights. Or truckers, or anybody. Where are the people? How does it stay in business? Drug front?I call and some woman mumbles into the phone like she is reacting to a soap opera. "Ummm...is this manhattan pizzeria?""Yes, take your order?"Not a good start. I put in the order for the while pizza and they tell me it will be ready in 10. I give it closer to 20, and the pizza is still not ready, exactly what I had most feared. Me, alone, in the waffle-less waffle house and only my imagination to keep me company.There is no decoration other then two old New York posters, no tv, no music, and no people except for the three immigrant workers speaking their eastern European dialect. They all seem angry. They keep on sniping at each other with short, curt comments.  It's like I got stuck in one of those indie dramas about a depressing immigrant families that gets really high reviews but no one ever sees because they are boring as hell. Maybe you rent it and watch the first half, but you are going to fall asleep before the troubled teenage daughter commits suicide.Thank the heavens when the santa-esque chef finally comes out with my pizza and gets me my tiramasu. I get the hell out of there as soon as possible before they start throwing pans at each other.And the result of my quest, pretty good pizza and tiramasu, but not mind-blowing like I hoped, and not worth the torture of sharing the immigrant drama.Will I ever find that white pizza or was someone just having a really good day when they made it?
3	I would give 4 stars for the food, but overall is 3 stars. Reason is that the service is never very good. I always order the Little Cesar, its their salami sub. It's delicious, great meat on homemade bread that's always crispy. However, I have had to wait for a long time everytime I order. All I'm ordering is a sandwich that gets toasted in the oven, and I have to wait 25 minutes? But, I keep going back because the sandwich is THAT good and I love a good salami sub.
4	i really like this place. i go here maybe once a week, i really like their sandwiches. as its the only thing ive had from here, ill stick to them.  its fast, no wait, and i get my food with a smile. considering i only paid ten bucks, i like the joint.
2	I went to this pizza joint based on a word-of-mouth review from a fellow co-worker (who used to frequent the place years ago). He said that their meatball subs were good and he described it as a "nice little spot" that he remembered enjoying.Looking online for their web site before-hand, I discovered a simple godaddy placeholder page with their logo and address along with a "coming soon" notice. Every business out there needs a web site, and it's especially important to put your restaurant menu online, so this should have immediately been a warning sign for what was to come.When my friends and I arrived at the Manhattan Pizzeria, we were surprised to discover a total absence of sausage or pepperoni options. Apparently, the restaurant has recently been "koshered" and now only serves vegetarian options and fish-based meats. This came as quite a surprise, because the name of the restaurant was still the same, and we didn't have any fore-warning from their web site.We decided to roll with it anyways and give it a chance, ordering a couple of slices of pizza with various vegetarian toppings. One of my friends ordered a sub sandwich that had salmon on it.As we sat waiting at our table, ten minutes went by, then twenty. Right as we were really starting to get antsy (after waiting for almost a full 30 minutes), they brought our pizza slices and the sandwich out to our table. This struck all of us as a bit of an excessive wait. The place wasn't busy with other customers, and the food we ordered was pretty basic. Any decent pizza joint should have been able to toss the various toppings on their pre-made cheese pizza stock slices, pop them into the oven, and deliver them nice and hot to our table within 15 minutes (at the most). The idea of having to wait a full 30 minutes for this really put a damper on the overall lunch experience.To top it off, the pizza was mediocre at best, and the salmon sub sandwich was a bit bland.In summary, if vegetarian (or Kosher) pizza, pasta, and sub sandwiches are what you're after (and the idea of fish meatballs sounds good to you), then this is the place for you! Don't go unless you're willing to wait, though.Also, I *really* think that the new restaurant owners should have completely renamed the place if they were going to take over and completely change the menu the way that they apparently did. Phoenix is a big place with a lot of people who have no doubt gone to the Manhattan Pizzeria over the years, and if you keep the same name, they are going to expect the same experience and the same types of food that they had in the past. Completely changing the name would have avoided the disappointment of un-met expectations.
4	I think it's funny that although the place is now kosher, due to the lack of name change there are still reviews of a salami sandwich and other meat former-options.I have to say that the service is slow but extremely friendly- expect a long wait. I don't like the pizza. The calzone I had was a little dissapointing.So why 4 stars?There are limited kosher options in Phoenix. I think the pizza and the service will improve steadily- this is still a new place (as far as the re-opening anyway). Every pasta dish I have ordered have been stellar. Manhattan has a great sauce, so the eggplant rollotini I first ordered was absolutely delicious. The manicotti uses lasagna noodles, so I'm not sure its authentic, but it's very tasty. Hubski ordered the fish meatball sub (I thought he was crazy). Maybe I should have sampled it but I didn't. He loved it. LOVED it.We'll go back for the pasta, apparently the fish-balls, and to support a local kosher business. I'm sure the pizza and speed of service will improve with time.
2	I was really expecting more of this place.A co-worker of mine said it used to be THE place for a quick lunch and great sub. I'd forgotten my lunch one Monday and shot down 7th to give this little hut a chance.As soon as I walked in, it smelt somewhat foul, like an old smell. The people behind the counter did have offer to help me pick out a meal or even greet me. Luckily they had some folded up menus on their counter or I woudn't have known what they served. The three stood there til I ordered, zero effort in acknowledging me as a paying customer. Finally, I ordered and the woman punched it in. For just a simple pizza sub it was roughly $8. Yikes.Had to wait a good 15-20 minutes, in which I could hear the woman popping the sub in the microwave.. yeah for fresh.When they handed me the sandwich I was REALLY disappointed. It was nothing more than a baguette cut down the middle, sauce and ome cheese. No meat, no seasoning, no nothing. Very disappointing place and the food wasn't that great. I actually felt really awful about myself for having ate it.What a bummer.
4	Absolutely the best pizza in AZ. If you can get over the fact they outlawed meat and the customer service is bleak. But seriously. I don't live in AZ anymore and it's my first and last meal when I visit. The veggie pizza is so good I had to pull over in a parking lot and get a piece out of the back and eat it to hold me over before I got home!
4	Kosher alert!  I ordered a pizza sub with pepperoni and was met with weird looks.  Did not realize I was in a kosher eatery.  Oh, well.  It made for an interesting Christmas Eve dining adventure.The pizza sub was fantastic.  Made with fresh mozzarella, bread and sauce made in house.  The sauce made the sub.  Good sauce always stands out and these folks have one of the best sauces around.  I can't wait to try the pie one day.  I am partial to slaughtered animal on my pizza but I am willing to do without.Service was a bit slow but that is to be expected when your food is made fresh.  A good meal is always worth a wait.
4	Service is not why you should visit this joint.Food is why! Their subs are tasty and delicious. The wait is not so fun.. However the fresh food is what makes me keep coming back..I have brought these suns to many who dont keep kosher and they continuously ask me to bring it again! I take into consideration their slow service by ordering in advance. Thats what you got to do to enjoy the great food here...
4	Tucked away, little "hole in the wall place". The pizza is the best local kosher pizza. The family who owns this restaurant is always friendly and helpful. Yes, as other reviews have stated, it does take awhile for your order to be prepared. Keep in mind it is being prepared fresh. I last ordered a pizza with basil. They actually have basil plants and put FRESH basil on my pizza.
3	This place gets THREE-STARS just for being Kosher and it's just alright.  I ordered a veggie calzone here and there isn't really much to say about it.  Nothing spectacular.  The parking lot is very bizarre.  It's definitely worth a shot!  Maybe I'll get something else here next time.
1	One of the lousiest lunches I've had in a long time. Caprese sandwich and breaded mushrooms with (curdled) ranch.Sandwich seemed to come with strange rectangular processed mozzerela, and, aside from the strong purple onions, it was practically flavorless.The breaded mushrooms were the skinniest shape and weirdest texture...seemed like I was biting into really dry fried cornmeal or something, there was no plump mushroom texture at all! Or taste! Were they real mushrooms? I don't know, I threw them out after one bite. The ranch dressing was curdled anyway (!!!), so they were beyond salvage.Girl who took my order on the phone was (as others have mentioned) mumbly and careless, didn't even ask my name before ending the call. Chef/cashier was hard to talk to also, once he eventually came out, 5 minutes after I (one of two customers) arrived.Weeeeeeeeeird place...baaaaaaaaaad food...
5	Freshly-made pasta is delicious!
5	We love this place. Try the eggplants parm dinner comes w garlic bread delish! They also have ice cream and freshly made cheese cake.
1	Have been dying to try this kosher place for some time.Went tonight and ordered a large 3 cheese pizza.  O M G american cheese???I asked also for baked ziti and the lady said her ziti can't keep for a week so they don't make it.Are you kidding me?It was 19.00 with a drink.I put the pizza in the trunk and went to La Bella
