5	I absolutely loved this place. It is full of eclectic items, all of which are hand crafted by artisans all over the world. The buyers for this store travel abroad to support these artists, and everything in the store is fair trade. Extra points for the fact that the company is not-for-profit. Here you will find lots of woven baskets, items made out of carved wood and stone, jewelry, candles, CD's, and other miscellaneous items that are totally unique and exquisite. This is kind of place that you'd want to spend a while browsing, taking it all in, even though it's not a huge space. You can listen to the Putomayo CD playing while you browse, and you could even make a purchase of one of the mixes. The women who work here are extrememly friendly and knowledgeable of the products being sold, and ever so willing to help. Check out the pics I've attached - lots of cool things!
4	If you're looking for something unique, you'll love Ten Thousand Villages. Most things are home made and they're sold at fair market prices. I received some unique glass bangle bracelets here that were broken when I got them. I just stopped in and they exchanged them without a problem. There are all sorts of neat things to look at here. Even if you don't plan on buying something, I encourage you to stop in and see all of the different things on the shelves.
4	Not for profit? Fair trade? Ridiculously reasonable prices on handmade objects from all over the world? Yes please, and thank you.Hidden in the courtyard shops (if you looking at table 274, it's to the left facing binders) the small store holds a lot. I wandered in overlapping circles for about 30 minutes, and I'm sure I missed plenty. Some areas have a large grouping of pieces from the same country, but some shelves are more color-themed or similar use pieces. (In the children's section there were small woolly creatures from Nepal sandwiched between a backgammon set from Peru and a cute owl purse from Egypt) I'm guessing since we're amidst the holiday season, the amount of ornaments, nativities, menorahs, and scarves and hats were unusually high, but they were all beautiful. A lot of the ornaments were smaller versions of some of the items they had around the store (nativity scenes, instruments, 40 year calendars), and a good portion of the scarves (I wanted to buy them all, and my favorites were priced around $30 - $40) and hats are from the Andes region. The menorahs were amazing (maybe I'm fascinated since I've never had one in my home or shopped for one, but these seemed quite unusual). Scattered all over the store I first found one made of bike chain, then a camel elongated to have a candle holder on each hump, and a few family-like set ups (mother version of animal with 8 children). Lots of jewelry, home accessories, carved wood, recycles magazines, woven baskets... if you're looking for something unique, you can definitely find it here. Each item is tagged with is country of origin, and some even have an extra tag with information on the product. They also carry coffee, chocolates, and music (and worry dolls!). Will definitely be checking in often to see what new goodies they get in!
5	Wow, I thought I had already written a review of Ten Thousand Villages - but apparently, I was mistaken.  In any case, I do love this shop! They stock some of the coolest fair-trade items.  I have bought some really unique gifts here and always enjoy shopping here.  The employees are always super friendly and will go out of their way to help you find that special gift or accent piece for your home.   Next time you are at the Cotswald Shopping Center, stop in and check it out!
5	The Ten Thousand Villages store in the Cotswold Village Shops has recently closed; the Charlotte store had been in this location since the 1990s.  The company website states that they are planning a new location in the Charlotte market and if all goes well they will re-open sometime in 2013.http://charlotte.tenthousandvillages.com/about-our-store/Apart from Pura Vida in NODA, this was one of those great places one could purchase something special for yourself, a unique gift for that discerning family member or friend while doing good by supporting a non-profit organization.  For me, it was a place that I enjoyed patronizing over the years due to their altruistic ethos.  Their corner location was nice and ample sized with a wide assortment of objects ranging from:*Decorative arts*Toys*Furniture*Clothing accessories*Accent furniture*Musical instruments However, despite having an eclectic selection of goodies from all over the world, it was in the interior of the Cotswold Village Shops where motorists could not view it.    Charlotte needs more stores like these and I look forward to the day that they re-open again in the Queen City.
