4	Now, sometimes all you want is to go to a restaurant, get a seat immediately, and get yourself a big greasy plate of fried delights.  Or, well, at least I do.  And when that happens, I go to Putter's and I get the appetizer sampler and shove my little face full of fried mozzarella, buffalo wings, and fried mushrooms.  Then I go home and sop up the grease secreting from my pores for the next week.  But man, is it worth it.Putter's ain't pretty.  It ain't much of anything, really.  But you can go here for some cheap eats or cheap drinks and the location is fabulous.  It's right next door to the famed Pinball Hall of Fame and Tropicana Cinemas.  It's like a tightwad's cheap date wet dream come true.  And if you DO take a date here and go see a movie later, you won't have to worry about buttering your popcorn.  You can just stick your greasy, oozing face right into the bag and TA-DA!Man, am I gross or what?
4	I've never been to a Putter's before and I see them all around town.  From the outside, it's all dark and I had no idea what I was walking into.  What a surprise to find a brightly lit diner place with a bar, large screen TV, and pool table.  It's late Saturday evening and grabbing a seat at the bar, I ordered a mixed drink while the BF ordered a beer.  We inquired about getting change for the pool table and the bartender said it was free to play pool!  Cool!  He just had to open it up for us.  The pool table does get stuck a few times, which is probably why it's free.  But hey, we didn't mind.When our party of ten plus people showed up and surrounded the pool table, we ordered more drinks.  After a couple of drinks for the both of us, we headed next door to the Red Hookah.  The BF was pleasantly surprised with how cheap the drinks were when he closed out his bill.  And I was impressed with how kickback the place was and how cool the bartender was too.  The BF even would consider making this his local bar if it wasn't way across town for us.Overall, we were pretty impressed with Putter's on East Tropicana.  The cool thing is that we plan on hitting this place first to grab some drinks and play a couple of rounds of pool again before we hit the Red Hookah next door.  (And if we're hungry, we could come back and grab some food too!  Nice!)
4	cool operation.  family booths for dining & bar w/tabletop gamblin machines for the adult drinkers/eaters.  i had fun playing video black jack & enjoyed me some tasty comped cocktails. i had the spaghetti & stromboli & they were above average.  good prices. nice staff.  i wouldn't hesitate to go here when in vegas. glad it's a chain.
2	We stopped in here before my pilgrimage to the Pinball Hall of Fame.Walking in, I was immediately taken by the smell of smoke. Living in Los Angeles, I'm not used to walking into public places and smelling that.  It wasn't overpowering, just unexpected.Right when you enter, there is a large rectangular bar with video gaming built into the bar.  To the right is the dining area.  Think Elk's Lodge style chairs and veneered tables that have been wiped down so many times that the wood finish is turning white.  Jeff ordered the sliders and I got the taco basket. Jeff's sliders came with 4 small burgers and a mountain of fresh and hot french fries.  Under the fries there was a buried pickle.   The small buns were actually kinda fancy. They had been grilled and the burger meat wasn't dry.  There were some delicious grilled onions on the burgers, too.  It was a huge meal, despite being an appetizer special.I got taco basket.  Three ground beef tacos.  There was a bit of lettuce, a bit of tomato and a pound of cheese.  I was in heaven with the cheese.  I dumped the lettuce, tomatoes and ate them with the cheese.  There was a small container of salsa, but it really had no flavor.  The tacos were actually smaller than I had expected, but they were tasty and not greasy.  The food was much better than I had anticipated.  It was reasonably priced, too.Our server was obviously tired.  We went in during the early afternoon, after the lunch rush, on a Saturday.  I think the poor thing was just beat.  When she was around, she was great, but it was hard to find her.  We almost left because no one came to take our order for several minutes.  I would give this place 3 stars for the food, but the darkness, the smoke and the slower service brings it down to a 2.  However, the next time that I am the Pinball Hall of Fame, I might consider getting something to eat here.
1	I don't have any qualms with most of the Putter's in town, they're just your typical local bars and they come a dime-a-dozen in Vegas. Fairly priced drinks, regular faces, greasy-but-good-when-you're-drunk food, etc..This particular location (Trop & Pecos) is one of the more run-down Putter's, it's got a bit of a warehouse feel to it and is very poorly ventilated. The bartender was outwardly rude, stated that there was a $10 minimum on a debit charge, and warned us not to play anything too rowdy on the jukebox. He deliberately passed my friend and I to eat his food and watch TV for several minutes while we were waiting for a drink order. My group was polite, well-dressed, and, under normal circumstances, well tipping, so I'm not sure if this bartender was just having an awful shift or what. Either way, next time I'm in this area, I'll be merrily skipping this joint and head straight for the Pinball Hall.
3	Best thing about it is its location to the movie theater.  The menu is pretty big for a small bar/pub type place but oddly it seems to have more than one menu.  If you don't see what you want, ask your waitress and they may make it for you.The worst thing about this place is that you will leave smelling like a filthy ashtray even if you're only in the dining room.  Actually its a toss up - the bathrooms may be the worst thing.  Ever feel dirtier coming out of a bathroom than going in?Most of the waitstaff is nice but speed is not one of their strong suits.  You will wait, then wait some more.The prices are pretty cheap and the food isn't bad.  Its no 5 star restaurant but I've never had a bad meal here.  Their drink specials are pretty much beer only.  Sometimes they have mixed drink specials but not often.  Some of the drinks are pretty pricey considering the type of establishment.All in all its not horrible for what it is.  Don't go in expecting more than 3 stars and you won't be disappointed.
4	First time at a Putter's and I enjoyed it. We went on Football Sunday where they had special breakfast offers from 9am-2pm. I had this pretty decent sized breakfast burrito and hash browns for only $4. I was pretty stoked at that price. The bartender was very friendly and never let the drinks run out before she got us a new one. We also asked her to put a certain game on our side because it was only us really and she did. Very accommodating. The place has a restaurant side away from the bar for families who like to eat with their kids and what not. They have a calendar of some pretty sweet deals each month. From what I remember the December calendar was filled with like .50 wing Mondays and other cool stuff on certain days. When I first pulled up it looks really shady, being next to the $1 theater and all, but once your inside I found it to be inviting. All the staff was nice, a couple of hillbillies here and there, but mostly it was football jersey wearing fans in the place that afternoon. I might have to check it out another time during the weekend evenings.
5	As an out-of-towner, I really appreciated the down-to-earth atmosphere at Putter's.  My great uncle took me here and it was clear that he has been here often with the VIP treatment we received.  And as my uncle had mentioned months earlier, they do have fantastic wings.  You can order them "charred," and they make up the wings, and then finish them off with a searing on the grill.  It makes for the most moist, and crispy outside wing that you have ever tasted.  They come in teriyaki and original buffalo, and we had two bowls of about 40 wings for the 4 of us.  Their salads are HUGE.  From the house salad to the chef salad, they are impressive.  The clam chowder, as the soup of the day, was excellent too.The beer and drink prices are normal here compared to the strip.  You would need a taxi or other car to get there if you are staying at the strip, but it is a nice change from the overpriced drinks and hit-or-miss food choices on the strip.So now I can officially say Putter's is my favorite wings place in Las Vegas!
4	I did expect much from Putter's but...1.  Beers for $3 a pint2.  Classic Rock on the juke3.  Cheap billiards4.  A good attentive and courteous bar tenderAll made for a good couple of hours
3	Great smartass, cute bartender who talked crap . I really like this place, its like cheers. THe food was good the drink were good and we hit a royal flush while there. I will come back again and will be bringing my hungry, thirsty friends.
3	Level of Dive Bar-ness: 7* Nice locals* GREAT FOOD, surprisingly* 3 Pool Tables / Darts* Nice staff* Lots of TVs (around bar area)* Happy Hour is from 3 - 7- Always dead when we go here- Weird restaurant area that is ALWAYS empty- Kinda morbid "Lobster Claw Machine"- Perfect place to bring a date you don't want any of your friends to see/meet- Needs a new coat of paint
3	Great service best clam chowder all you can eat specials . 5 buck beer and cheeseburger special. Big salads . Wouldnt order the pizza tastes like ketchup. This is a good place to go on the cheap and still get better than decent food
