4	Attracted back to the Hookah Lounge after years of staying away for reasons I could not recall when I brought it up as a destination option.  Then the realization came as we sat down that they brought back the tobacco in lieu of the flavored sugar cane that they ventured on as a direct result of LV's smoking law passed a couple years ago.Tapped into some pomegranate stuff that was soothing and went great with a couple brews.  We were tempted to go for some Gyros or my favorite Moussaka but decided 10p was a little late for some noshing.We were content to just hang with the Hookah and some beer, but were delighted to find out they were doing drawings for a free Hookah every Thursday night at 9p and 11p.  At 10p on a Thursday our odds were pretty good seeing as there were only 5 other parties there.  Alas we were one number away from the winning ticket but I think the experience will bring us back for more Thursday nights to come.
3	Not very good from a true hookah experience more on the tended or fashionable scene.  Also it is expensive for one bowl of shisha.
5	Ever wonder what the inside of Genie's bottle looks like? Come to the hookah lounge and take a look! This is probably Las Vegas' oldest and nicest hookah lounge. Monica who is the senior bar tender is one of the greatest servers I have ever met. She has this unique ability to make every single person in the room feel like she is there only to cater to their needs. The hookah's are consistently some of the best around and the food from the adjoining restaurant is great. The real gem here is happy hour. 5-7 every day and all night on Tuesday. Hookahs and booze are half off. Plus they have a happy hour menu that is cheap. That effectively makes hookahs $7.50 and beers $1.75!! Pretty hard to beat for such a nice place with fantastic friendly service.Probably one of the easiest and coziest places to bring a date. Plus if she doesn't like hookah or booze, do you really want her? :-) They are open till 1am every night which is also great. Try the jasmine/mint hookah. It is my favorite.
4	Great hookah lounge with fantastic staff that really knows their tobacco flavors. I love finding a place where you the staff loves smoking as much as I do:-) This is a huge space with rooms to bring the gang for semi private smoke sessions. My only beef here, and this seems to have spread throughout Vegas, is that they won't change your coal, so once it's up, they want to charge you for a head change, $$. Not so cool.
5	This place has the BEST customer service, they totally get it.  My friend and I ventured off the Las Vegas strip to find a good hookah place.  After doing a google search, we found this spot, got in a cab and boom, we were there!  We were greeted by two very nice bartenders.  One named Brian and the other was a very nice female.  They seated us and made us feel very welcomed!!  The hookah was very good.  At one point, it didnt seem like it was smoking right, so Brian immediately came over and fixed the problem.  Our other server / bartender was very attentive to our every need.  The drinks are phenomenal!!  I had a caramel apple martini which was soooooo good.  We also ordered humus which was very tasty.  I was very impressed with the service and attention to our every need.  I do agree with a previous review from Marc M that they dont change out the coal and thats kind of a bummer, but all in all it was great!  At the end of our night, we explained we needed a cab.....no problem, they called us a cab, the cab driver came inside to get us and we were off to the hotel.  Thinking about going back tomorrow.  Its a nice change of pace from the hustle and bustle of the Las Vegas strip and its not that far either (cab ride was around $10.00).  I encourage you to please take a visit.  You will NOT be disapointed!
4	I had never Hookah'd before and I loved it. I went with my girl and we had some drinks and hit the majic pipe. Was really good and smooth. I had the apple and cinnamon mixed up. Very nice.Drinks were a reasonable price and the area was super cool able to accommodate 8-10 people in a couple of areas. I will be back!
5	This place is fantastic, great relaxing hookah, and delicious tapas!
3	It had been years since I smoked hookah and was given a gift certificate to this place/Paymon's. We had dinner and then went over to the Hookah Lounge for something different to do. (First things first, could they not come up with a more creative name than Hookah Lounge? mmmmboring.) We created our own, which was really tasty--pistachio and jasmine, odd but delicious! However, once we were ready to cash out our bill, it took for-EVER. It took forever to even get the tab in the first place, and after a while I was just like, let's leave the gift certificate, cash for the tip, and go, because it was upwards of 30-45 minutes without seeing anybody in the teeny room to give us change. The environment is cool. It's a cozy little hookah bar, that's for sure. I would definitely come back and see if I had better luck finding a  server to close out when ready to leave.
5	I don't like an Idea of not changing coals first but hookah was great and girls over there are extremely friendly. Nice place to hanging out with friends. Strongly recommend.
5	Came here during happy hour (5-7pm) with a group of friends.  There was mainly one waitress going around, so it took awhile for us to receive the items we ordered.Some of us got the Justice Margarita, Casablanca beer, and Almanza beer.  All were good.  For the beers, the Casablanca tasted waaaay better, hands down.  Also, you're allowed to order more than one drink at a time here.As for the hookah, we tried the thief electric lemonate and skittles.  Both were good.  I heard the former is the popular one.  For food, we ordered the chicken fingers and fries; both were good but the fries were awesome because of the amount of spices added to them.If you're looking for a chilll hang out spot, this is the place to be...
5	There is absolutely no reason to go to any other hookah lounge in Vegas. I honestly wish the hookah lounges were like this in Scottsdale. You walk in and immediately feel the Mediterranean ambiance... the decor is unreal. The hookahs last more than two hours and you get a box of samples to choose from. The drinks are strong. The food is SO good. We can't wait to go back.
5	Nice
5	This place is great! Even if you don't smoke the hookah, it's a great place to relax and have fun. Cozy atmosphere, the food is great and good selection of creative drinks.
5	Great place, people here are very respectful and polite. I loved this place... I will be back soon! You should visit! Happy hour from 5pm to 7pm. :)
1	Absolutely disgusted by how this place made no attempt on their website or elsewhere besides a piece of paper on the door saying they are closed. Staying on the strip getting a taxi to this place was not cheap expecting it to be open to find it isn't. Service has been horrible on many occasions.
4	Came here while on vacation. Cool, chill spot and great happy hour prices (5-7 pm daily).. Thought hookahs were half off according to online but they were like $12 which is still a great price for Vegas, plus it seemed drinks and food were 1/2 price. We got 2 orders of mozzarella sticks, 2 soda drinks, and 2 hookahs for $38. We got mint and melon.. Mint was great and hit perfectly.. Melon was decent, not bad. The decor was cool and it was pretty full when we got there right before 7pm. Overall, we'd come back.
5	Staff was waaaaay attentive and super friendly, amazing drinks and ambiance
4	Open every day from 5pm till 1am. Great music not too loud so coming here for a date is great. Place a little small but has great feel. The food is great, service is quick and with a smile. They have great favors for the Hookah and not expansive at all. Happy hour daily from 5-7 and all day on Tuesday. I am saying come here relax, eat and have fun.
