5	I LOVE THIS PLACE.  No HFCS, and if you don't know what that means, look it up.  This is the way to go.  A splash of chocolate, combined with a splash of peanut butter, topped with some fresh almonds.  HEAVEN!Josie's thank you for coming into existence.  Hopefully, people will buy more franchises and show more people the way.
5	Love it. Especially the honey dew sorbet they often have on tap. Its the bomb. We were in so often I was on a first name basis with some of the staff. Can't wait til it warms up again and my daughter decides she wants to go back.Tons of lovely toppings. Best mochi in town, I'm spoiled for anywhere else, though I still enjoy my trips to one of thier competitors. Don't forget about the other location!
2	I am a sucker for the self-serve yogurt places that are all over town and decided to try Josie's while dropping off something for a client today. The place is cute and clean but I was not impressed with the woman behind the counter. She was on the phone the entire time and barely acknowledged I was there. I'm not asking for a lot, but I try to be courteous as a customer and refrain from using my phone inside places, and I expect the same from the person behind the counter. Especially when I am already filling my own bowl and basically serving myself.
3	When I crave dessert, I crave chocolate or pasteries, nothing that can pass as healthy.  When I hear about people craving frozen yogurt I think that's akin to skinny girls raving about salads.  No one really LOVES salads, not like you love french fries, some folks are just too scared of getting fat to actually let themselves eat tasty foods...  That said, this review is not coming from someone that craves frozen yogurt.  But, I can appreciate it for what it is.Josie's is tasty, but for me it ranks among most other fro-yo places that I have experience with (does anyone remember TCBY?).  However, their ingredients seem a bit healthier.  They flaunt that they never use HFCS (points to them), and various flavors have little "health" boosters, like antioxident rich dark chocolate.Yogurt itself is good for you, I can get behind that.  The self serve option is fun, with about a dozen or so flavors to choose from each day.  They are constantly changing up the flavors. The standards will always be there, but interspersed with melons, mochas, and fruits like coconut.  The toppings bar is great, it has everything that I crave to convince the demons inside me that they're fulfilling their wishes.  The one thing that I would change is for them to offer their "plain" flavor more often!  All of the yogurts have the tanginess of "real" yogurt (which honestly distracts me from some of the flavors like coffee or chocolate, it is better suited for the fruity flavors).  Sometimes the tang fits what I want, but often the flavors don't really cover it up.  I'd rather just have the zingy plain then introduce side servings of flavors and toppings for my flavor meld of choice.The staff have always been friendly, and it's a great spot for families or friends of groups to spend half an hour visiting with each other.
2	I have to say that the staff member working ( evening- 1/4/12) was one of the hardest workers I've seen. She was running the register, offering samples, cleaning the  yogurt dispensers and condiment station as well as pitching their new location (which was interestingly strange ) - all by herself. My problem with Josie's is how they advertise their "pure crystalline fructose" as if it's a great thing. Crystalline fructose does have a lower glycemic index than other sweeteners but it is still a chemical. Why bother when you load on sugary toppings anyways? If you actually sat there and tasted the yogurt you can tell how overly manufactured it is, doesn't even taste good or real! I tried samples of several flavors and yuck. I settled on vanilla and didn't want to finish it. It melts quickly and the consistency is weird. I'd rather buy pure sorbet from the store, or have berries and yogurt.
2	Ever had TCBY? This is TCBY but with a few upgrades, some Ghirardelli chocolate syrup in gallon bottles and a few more toppings. One of the strong selling points to this location (They have this plastered on the wall on a big sign) is that its yogurt products are made with pure crystalline fructose products. At first glance this sounds great, no HFCS! That's always a good thing unless you're an Iowa or Nebraska corn farmer. So I had my bowl, thought it was pretty good but then I got home and was like ok, what did I just eat? Research after the fact is typically not good. What I read online was that what I ate was really no better for me than if I had yogurt with HFCS. After brushing up on everything I'm at the conclusion that this is a gimmick that I just don't want to buy into. Life is stressful enough and I don't want to be worrying about things I don't always understand. I'll go back to having ice cream made with real sugar, premium toppings, and leave the scientific chemical testing behind as I know how my body processes sugar. Pure Crystalline Fructose? Not so much. A good mountain bike ride on the River Mountains Trail takes care of excess sugar consumption. I won't be coming back here. 1 star for service as the guy working the counter was a hard worker, 1 star just because they had Ghiraradelli anything. (It's a chocolate thing, I make no apologies for it.)
2	I prefer Yogurtland. They had generic flavors, except for the Margarita low fat one, but it melted much quicker then regular frozen yogurt. I know we live in Vegas and all, but it was melting before I even got done paying. I guess if I need to go back to this place for a quick fix,(because its walking distance from my place) then I will stick with the chocolate. The dude working while we went was also in that mood where he was expressing his lack of excitement with his job. He said like two words and nodded when I said thank you at the end. Glad I can be nice to you and all.
1	Not a fan...better options elsewhere and pricier than other self serve yogurt places.Weird flavors and the yogurt taste synthetic.  I noticed they use Stevia in some of the flavors and I can't stand that stuff.Take the extra drive to Yogurtland, you'll be happy you did.-Ryan
3	Tasty, frozen, and "healthy" enough.  Delicious.Josie's Frozen Yogurt spends a lot of time talking about how it's healthy -- no high fructose corn syrup and yogurt instead of ice cream.  Um . . . who cares.  It's friggin' delicious.  Chocolate toppings on top of creamy frozenness.  It's good enough.  Who cares if it's healthy.
1	I read the reviews about watery yogurt, but I couldn't believe it until I saw it. Seriously, the stuff coming out of the machines here is more like flavored ice than actual yogurt. I don't even know that they should call it yogurt - I can't believe that there is any actual dairy in there.On top of that, the selection of flavors is just meh.I love frozen yogurt, and I didn't even finish my small bowl of plain tart and peach. Is the weird texture/consistency/wateriness because of their 'no high fructose corn syrup' policy? I can't imagine so...yogurtland, etc serve sugar-free yogurts that are sweetened with Stevia or Splenda, and they still taste like yogurt....Whatever it is, even dessert desperation will not drive me back to Josie's!
5	Many flavors and great choice of toppingsOnly 39 cents/ozStaff was kind and helpful as wellDefinitely recommend this place for a good yogurt
4	What a great addition to GVR and the District! It was a scorching hot day here, as it usually is, and I was dying for a healthy frozen treat. I didn't expect to find anything as there usually isn't any place like that, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that Josie's had just opened. YES.It is your standard frozen yogurt place in that you have several different flavors of yogurt and then toppings to go along with it. This place had probably 10 different flavors which is unusual for places like this I've found! So...nice!My favorite of all (and I did sample - for free!) was the pecan pie. Drool. OMG. Delicious! I tried the dark chocolate and it was deep and rich and chocolatey. Yum. Yum. They had a nice variety of flavors. The toppings were fresh fruit, which was really good and fresh, the standard candy stuff and some shaved coconut that was really good. They had cereal for toppings and it was all delicious. Because, well, I tried them all. The price was standard. For me and a friend it came to about $3.50/each so that wasn't bad. It was filling stuff! So happy to have this as a choice there!
4	Good yogurt and have always had very friendly service.  It is a little on the pricier side but your shopping at The District so what do you expect?Big bonus is they are open late.  One of the few places to grab a treat after a late dinner or movie.
4	I've stopped here a few times when I want a quick snack before grocery shopping. The place is clean and the service is friendly. There's a good mixture of fruit and fun flavors (like cake batter). The pricing is completely reasonable. You can't go wrong.
2	Watery yogurt, lack of flavors (very generic), hardly any toppings and just one fruit option (kiwis), unfriendly staff. The wait staff stayed in the back the entire time other than to ring me up and didn't even make eye contact with me. I didn't think the yogurts tasted very good and it definitely had an icy/watery consistency without much flavor. Would not return.
2	I want to like this place as much as when we first tried it, but it seems like the same old flavors, watery, and grainy texture.  Doesn't live up to my expectations anymore... moving on to try elsewhere.
2	First timer to Josie's! I was in the area on my lunch break running errands. I was wanting FroYo but didn't know of one in the area, but I did know there was a Jamba Juice so I was going to settle for that when I saw Josie's and got excited! Never heard of it but was worth a shot!First impression when I walked in. It's smelled! It smelled like cleaning products which you think would be a good thing, but it smelled more like a public restroom smell with an aroma of cleaning products! Not to mention it was hot!! On a 90 degree day I expect to walk into a froyo shop to be cooled down. It was hotter inside than out. I tried to let that pass and continue with my craving for froyo.I got mango, watermelon and coconut. The mango was Extremely watery. The coconut was the most tasty. Then the watermelon then mango. I usually like to get the fruit flavored froyo and top it off with all fruit topping. What the heck!!!! They only had two slices of strawberries!!!!! Extremely disappointed again!!! So I ended up topping it off with two slices of strawberries, different boba balls, white chocolate chips and some peanuts. Very unsatisfied!! Not only that I don't think the labels of their topping are correct! I got what I thought was white chocolate chips, turned out to be yoghurt chips??? I don't know. Overall I am very disappointed. I won't be returning. So glad yogurtland is opening up near my work soon!!
3	If you are looking for a cool treat and in the area, Josie's is just fine! However, if you are looking for a variety of flavors this may not be the place! Probably the smallest selection I've seen at a DIY froyo place. When we walked in, it was a good two minutes before the employee came out from the back; lucky for us we tried just about every flavor, guilt free of someone watching! Score?!
3	The yogurt is delicious! They use pure crystalline fructose in their yogurt instead of high fructose corn syrup...which is supposed to be better for you. It has a low glycemic index. You gotta try it, Ibet you'll be hooked!It is true, the employees hang in the back, but that's because the air only works in the back! Fix your air conditioning! Every time I come in here there is NEVER anyone to be seen for a few minutes.... wonder what else goes on in back?
