4	Dig & Save is an experience unlike other thrift stores, so I feel it needs a special shout-out. When you first walk in, don't be alarmed. There are boxes everywhere. BIG boxes. Boxes as big as a Mini Cooper, only they're overflowing with clothes and linens and every now and then you'll see someone tipped over, bum in the air, digging through an unmarked box of goodies. It's fun!If you go past the clothing area, (you'll most likely be serenaded by some 80's pop on the overhead sound system), you'll enter the back room which is split up into a few parts. First, there's these crazy tables with stuff by the pound: old toys, kitchen ware, dishes, etc. An old man walked up to me as I checked out some vintage china. He pointed to the polo shirt he was wearing, and to my surprise he was wearing a "$.75" sticker. "That's not the price for the shirt," he says to me, "That's the price for me!" To his surprise, I smiled and replied, "Wow! That's a good deal!" I think we made each others' days. You see, these are the types of people you'll find here. Good, honest, bargain-hunting diggers.A really friendly assistant in the back (Charles?) offered to answer any questions as I perused the furniture and electronics selection. New donations were literally rolling right in the back door. All in all, I walked out of the Dig & Save with four decent lamps (they all worked when I tested them at the testing station) and two puzzles by the pound ($.77). My total was about $12 and I couldn't be happier. Can't wait to go digging again!
5	Not for the faint of heart! So much... STUFF. If you're weary of thrift shops, or never actually been to one, I'd stay away and maybe start off at an actual St. Vinny's location. This is for the true treasure hunter. The clothes are piled into boxes where one will literally have to dig through mounds of clothes. No pretty aisles or racks of clothes here. They have all sorts of kitchen gadgets, toys, electronics, bikes, furniture, and any other treasure you happen to pass by and suddenly think you must have. Never ending supplies of anything you might want. Donations are in the way back, you'll see busy staff hauling in more goods. You pay by the pound for most items. Furniture is dirt cheap. My best find would be an actual vintage Steamboat Springs CO pub shirt that I have actually frequented. I got it for like 25 cents! Who woulda thought, a tiny Colorado ski town bar shirt in little old dig & save. Nothing Tide and a good washing machine can't help!
4	Cheap. Dirt Cheap. And somewhat Dirty Cheap things. When I head over to the old Dig N Save on Park St., that's what I'm looking for. I tend to go there when I've got crafting or cosplaying ideas, but don't want to spend much money on them. Like Goodwill is being too expensive fancy, so I need really cheap Dig N Save goodies. Get a whole bunch of picture frames of varying sizes, doesn't matter the color, just that they still have the glass and a wooden frame. Take out the glass and paint all the frames a fun color or a several coordinating fun colors. Return the glass, add some pics, and you have a high end looking wall display. Frames are only 25-50 cents apiece here. That's such a bargain. I got a 2-pack of Ikea frames still in the packaging. Have a sewing project where you need random smaller bits of fabric? Go through the clothes bins and look for shirts/pants you can cut up for their fabric. I'm going to make a patchwork little bag (think the carry-all bag Hermione has in Deathly Hallows), and was able to get plenty of fabric for less than $2. Clothes are $1 per pound here. Glass vases for sharing flowers with your neighbors can be had for $0.50-1 and then you can tell them to keep the vase. If you are a cosplayer with a good imagination, this place is a treasure trove of resources on the cheap. If I were handy enough with the power sander I'd check out the wood furniture in the back more closely. The prices are cheaper than at the other St. Vinny's sites and Goodwill. You will literally have to dig through the bins of clothes though. No fancy hangers for things here. Just wear some clothes you don't mind getting dusty and get digging.
5	This place rocks!! Endless amounts of junk by the pound at give away prices.Easy to shop digging tables and bins. I would recommend going on a Wednesday tho, this is when all clothing and linens (everything in green and yellow bins) is only $0.50 per pound!!! Staff all seem very knowledgable and willing to help when asked! If your a thrifter or out to treasure hunt for that hidden gem... This is the place for you!
5	Dig n Save is a perfect 5 if you go into with the following assumptions:- It won't be terribly clean or organized (Although the bathrooms are actually fine, so no need to fret there)- You need to visit there for a long time (over 2 hours) if you're planning on leaving with a good haul- Don't go into it looking for anything in particular- You're going to encounter both kooky items and kooky people while there.- You'll likely end up buying something that you can't really use (i.e I always end up buying clothes that're actually for women by mistake), but since everything is so cheap, it doesn't matter much.Remember all of that when you enter dig n save, and you'll leave with a heckuva experience and loads of cheap goods. Shopping here certainly won't be for everyone, but it's worth trying at least once.
