1	rude rude rude. there was minimal acknowledgment of you, the customer, as a person. they escort you back, do the job, take your money. no smiles, no nothing. i guess if that doesn't matter, then that's fine.the actual threading was decent. i didn't have much done, but they did an ok job.personally, i didn't like the way that felt. i won't be returning.there are two more (?) different(?) locations nearby which i would go to first - one in the galleria mall and the other on stephanie by the Target.
4	A much better alternative to waxing. I like that this location is close to home and convenient. Staff is quiet, but usually does a good job. Only once have I been disappointed, and I've been coming here since they opened.
3	I go to Eyebrows R Us when I am short on time or money.  It is $10 for brows, or they have deals at times like eyebrow, lip and chin for $15.  You can also buy cards with 4 brow threading for $25.  That is what I got.  I thought what the hell?  So I keep that with me and if I need my brows done and short on cash I only have to come up with the tip.  I usually go to Sama.  I highly recommend her.  She does a great job on my brows.  When I have went to others not so good, not horrible but just a little to thin for my preference.  Also customer service can be lacking.  When you walk in there is usually no one at the front (I go on weekday mornings)  Sometimes I will sit there for quite awhile waiting and have walked out at times.  Maybe only 1 person working mornings?  I don't know.  When there has been someone at the front they are not very friendly.  Basically, you get what you pay for.  If you want to get in and out fast and cheap this is an ok place...just ask for Sama.
4	They do my eyebrows super quick. It hurts but it's not like it's their fault. Sometimes they end up thin but that's just because my eyebrows are thin to start with. My eyebrows always end up pretty good though. I ask for an arch and they do it perfectly. Another plus is that it's cheap. $10 is nothing. They aren't overly nice or talkative but I don't mind. I want to get it over with anyways. Basically, I keep coming back.
4	I've been going to eye brows r us ever since it opened in Las Vegas. It's the first treading place that opened here. I love it. They do a great job every time. I was missing parts of my eye brows when I used to get them waxed. Now they look great thanks to eye brow r us and their threading. Everything is clean and sanitary. I feel like I am always getting VIP treatment every time I go!
5	It's unfortunate to see many bad reviews on this place, but hey to each their own... I've been going here since 2007. Granted, the staff has changed over time but if you tell them the ideal shape you are looking for, they do as so. For those of you doing threading for the first time, it's not so much of a fun process but well worth it if you want perfect brows. Not to mention you can get your face threaded as well. I've done it before! They also offer specials which is a plus. $60.99 for 3 months of unlimited threading. Staff is really friendly, they get the job done quick.
4	I would give them 5 Star rating, but the girls there are not very friendly. Its worth putting up with a little rudeness  for me though since my eyebrows look amazing when I walk out:)
2	Wow, the service hasn't changed here at all. I saw the reviews were a little outdated so I thought I'd give them a try, hoping that they had changed. Nope!I have to admit that it was the quickest session I've ever had and she did a good job but wow, no greeting, no gratitude for giving them business, no nothin'!
