4	I dunno about you, but we went to the library a lot when I was a kid. (Oh dear GOD, I just actually said "when I was a kid". Send me my AARP card.) I loved browsing the shelves for Harry the Dog, Curious George, Richard Scarry stuff, and later on, trying to surreptiously include a Judy Blume in between other, more 'innocent' books during checkout. There was no way my mom would have let me BUY a copy of "Are You There God... It's Me, Margaret", so the library was about the only way I'd get to read that forbidden fruit. Ah, Catholic school... Yeaaaah so anyhew, now my family goes to the library every week. No joke, every week. I love being able to log into my account online from... wherever... and indulge my sudden whims by transferring a book, movie, CD, whatever piece of media, to my nearby branch and placed on loving hold in my name. My teen likes their anime selection; the little ones really like the little play area and huge selection of kids' books. Plus, they do kids' activities quite a bit. My hubby has found really recent movie releases here, sometimes there is a wait. I think we got Order of the Phoenix about a week after the DVD came out. I was able to snag a copy of Arcade Fire's Neon Bible right when it came out, and was able to scoop up Augusten Burroughs galore shortly after Running with Scissors was released in theaters. (If you like neurotic dry humor, gotta check him out in nonfiction. I'm hooked.) There are a ton of computers to use (never actually used one though), and the librarians are really nice. Kinda slow at times, but really really nice... and helpful. For the crap they have to put up with sometimes, gotta admire them. All in all, it's a weekly trip we all really enjoy. The atmosphere is decent, and the bathrooms are super clean. We can pretty much get what we want, and I don't feel like I've been made to squeal like a pig, like I do when walking out of Barnes & Noble. Now if I could just get them to open a little coffee bar... :) Minus one star for needing a bigger parking lot during turista season (yeah, like that spring training parking ain't gonna end up there... it's right across from the stadium) and having a door alarm that likes my hubby way, way too much.
5	friendlly staff.great selection of books and movies. juvenile/kid section has personal computers.
4	If I compare this library to white tanks I say it is a three, cuz white tanks is a FIVE, but this library is good. The movies, books, clean facility, friendly librarians (except one, she doesn't seem to like her job very much), super convenient location, etc... This place has it.  We are on a very strict budget for the next few months (so my reviews will be for free things and very inexpensive restaurants :) , so it is great to get movies and TV shows for free, the online management is great (this goes for all MC libraries though...)
4	Excellent library. Here its not just about books. Its a community. Activities for all ages. Story times, teen activities and more. We have always found books we need. They have magazines, movies, computers you can use. Everyone is friendly and nice. Lovely location. Across from Spring Training, next to the park, dog park, fishing hole. Ample parking for such a busy area. We love coming here. Books are kept in order, easy to find. Someone is always around to help you should you need help or get lost. :)
5	It's more than just a library, it's a community hub that brings together every age group and walk of life to expose us to culture, activities, and education all under one roof! The location is within bike riding distance from my home so my son meets his tutor there weekly in their bright, open workstations. My 2.5 year old and I have attended the Toddler Story Time and Toddler Songercize classes which are fun, friendly, and best of all--FREE! I have attended classes here on a range of topics and of course the library itself is fantastic. Such an enormous selection of books, movies, and so many pc's that there is simply no excuse not to come visit the library. What I like best though is the ability to download eBooks to my iPad from their website! I don't have to remember to return the books because after 14 days, the book isn't available to me anymore...and I just have to check it out again. No late fees, no guilt. Gotta love it!
4	Nice library.  Books and audio books for my kiddo and hubs.  They are in heaven when they come here.
