4	Stopped in for opening last night.  Place was busy but service was spot-on.  PT's Entertainment Group did a good job keeping the Irish theme from the previous business, while adding some of the touches you would expect from the local company we all know.  Shuffle board and pool table additions, as well as a patio area were nice touches.  The one star from the top was for stripping out so much of the traditional Irish tchotchke that adorned the previous place and added tons of character.
4	Great food. Good service. Very friendly staff.   Good beer selection.  We're definitely going back soon.
1	Stopped in soon after the conversion from Molly Malone's. My wife and I had enjoyed eating there regularly. As soon as we walked in, the stench of smoke was so strong that we walked back out. My actual rating is no stars since we did not do anything but walk in and out. We were so disappointed that the 17%  of smokers were considered more important than the other 83% of non-smokers. I thought maybe I was too harsh, but two nights ago while dining at The Lodge (which has a separate eating area from the bar), I overheard people in the next booth saying the same thing. This place is now irrelevant for me. Maybe it will change, but I'm not holding my breath, although if I ever walk in there again I probably will have to.
5	Enjoy coming here to watch a game of football or basketball. They have football food specials. There happy hour is half off on pizzas and drinks. If you like a Ruben try the Sean Patrick's signature pizza. Amazing. Also try the Sean Patrick's chips, it's their take on Nachos. All their burgers are well cooked and have awesome flavor. They opened up a new cigar lounge next to the pool table and shuffle board. Its the only PT's bar with a cigar lounge. It's has comfortable seating, two big screen tvs, and 3 humidors filled with cigars. Gets busy during a football game so come early to grab seating in there.Will always recommend Sean Patricks.
2	Okay Let me start by saying that reason I am giving this place a two star was service first thing I call to ask if they serve food all night and what the hours were the bartender on the phone was a female this is her exact words "Yes this is a BAR we are 24hrs and serve food all day" I said okay thank you and she hung up no good bye or thank nada! So, I am starving I just got home from working on the strip and I work at Bar too that closes at one in the morning that is why I called to ask. My husband and I walk inside and sit right in front of the bar at one of the high tops it was 15 mins before anyone came to greet us or give us any menus. Finally, a male bartender came and greeted us he was friendly but was in a rush to get our order he just handed us the menu and asked "Do you know what you want?" We needed a min and did not ask if we wanted some thing to drink or nothing just "I assumed you been here before". Retarded how can you say that to a guest. So, he came around sooner than I thought to take our order the way it was going we asked for it to go. I ordered the chicken dinner with rice and veggies; my man got a bucket of buffalo wings with extra buffalo on the side and an order of fried cheese. Then he asks do you want a drink while you wait we both said no it is okay.( In my head you'd probably bring it when the food is ready anyway.)  So it took 30 to 45 mins for the bar food to come out; we had paid before hand too and had to go up to the bar to ask the bartender how much longer that's when he finally got the food. I guess he noticed we gave him 20% and was extremely fast and nice I walked out My husband stayed to get some ranch to go. When we get home his wings were PLAIN we hand to melt butter and mix it with franks to toss the wings in to make them buffalo. Other than that the food was good the veggies did not seem fresh if anything they are frozen or canned. This review got two stars because the male bartender was nice and food was okay.
