5	I called Merry Maids several times and talked to Molly about a quote, then about scheduling a cleaning. She was super patient about the fact that I was trying to schedule a cleaning while not being in Champaign. Her crew did a fantastic job! They finished in an hour, the kitchen, bedroom, and bathrooms were spotless and my roommates and I couldn't be happier! We had asked them to clean our fridge and stove/oven and because they were pretty clean compared to what things usually look like, Merry Maids gave us a discount instead of full price. I will definitely use them again!
1	BE AWARE!! WORST SERVICE EVER!!I called them to make an appointment for an estimate of the cost. The appointment was set at 9 am, and at 9:20, their staff called me and told me they were about to come, so I waited at home until 12pm, and still no one showed up. After that, no one came nor explained to me anything, and I looked for other company for cleaning service.
1	I called Merry Maids to seriously scrub the tile floors in my kitchen, back hall, bathroom, and sun room.  After a lengthy visit with their estimator (Calvin), who pushed other services and repeat visits hard, I also agreed to have them deep clean the rooms with the tile floors and clean 2 upstairs bathrooms.Short Answer:   They didn't clean the floors; they did a shoddy job on the work they DID do; they made and then blew off several appointments to fix the issue.Full Story: When the of two arrived (15 minutes late) to clean the tile floors and as a bonus, clean my kitchen, laundry room and bathrooms, the first person we spoke with complained loudly that she'd been given bad directions. Once in the house, she asked to be led to the basement, where she'd been told she'd be working. We don't have a basement. I went over the plan with the Loud Woman, (thoroughly clean the tile floors, and while there also do a full clean on the rooms that had them, then clean the upstairs bathrooms).  They started with the bathrooms.When they came downstairs, I had to go over the plan again.  They were to seriously clean the tile floor, and additionally, to clean the rooms rooms that have tile floors.Finally, after "cleaning" everything but the main goal (the tile floors), they went to the laundry room.  There, they were surprised to discover that we needed them to move some stuff so that they could thoroughly clean the whole floor.  I helped them move the washer and dryer.  When I went to move them back after they had allegedly cleaned the laundry room floor, I began to realize that we were in more trouble than a bit of confusion over the scope of the work.That floor is tile, with wide grout, over which a dog runs many times a day to go in and out of her dog door. I've cleaned this floor.  At the best of times, it needs a scrub brush to get the grout clean, and indeed, since the tile is highly textured, to get the tiles clean.  These are not the best of times.  In addition to the dog trail (that place where she manages to drop mud before it makes it into the rest of the house), there was plenty of dirt from a humidifier leak and it's subsequent repair. The floor was filthy.The Loud Woman had "cleaned" it with a cloth and a Mr. Clean solution.  Cloth. No brushes. No scrubby sponges.  So, the floor, which was our primary reason for calling the Cleaning Company, was being surface wiped, not CLEANED.Three hours into their "visit" they asked me whether they needed to move the wicker furniture in the sunroom.  How is one supposed to clean a floor without moving the furniture that sits on it?   It was then that I finally discovered that had not been told they needed to do more than mop the floor. (Mopping these floors is a waste of time, it leaves the deep/wide grout full of dirt).  They didn't even have scrub brushes with them.  I called Calvin. We talked.  He talked to the Loud Woman.  She opined that it would take them four or five hours to get the floor clean.  Calvin came to the house to talk to me, to work out a solution.  The first thing he did was to try to tell me that we had a communication problem, and that he hadn't understood that I'd wanted the floors thoroughly cleaned; that he thought we just wanted a basic clean on those rooms.  When I pointed out that the only thing I'd WANTED was to have the tile floor scrubbed, he relentedAt 5:00, he sent the team home.  He got my bucket and my scrub brushes and set out to clean the floors himself (in his office clothes).  I asked him to send someone the next day who was actually prepared to clean.  He made a call and said he could have a team here in the morning -- BEFORE 8:30 when I had to leave for work.  At 8:28, no one had shown up.  I called, they were "on the way". At 8:40 I left, no one showed.  I called and talked to the district manager. He was embarrassed and swore this isn't the way they do business.He agreed to meet me the next day.  When he came, I was able to show him all of the many ways that the first team had not even met the standards of a regular clean (per their website), much less the deep clean they were to do. (That would take several paragraphs to describe) He promised a team Monday at noon.  Monday morning he changed that to 2:00.  At 10, they changed it to 1:00.   At 1:00 they said 2:00 again.  At 2:00 it became 3:00 and I gave up.In the end, they cost me two full days (during which I could not do MY business because one can't see clients at home when there is loud cleaning going on), and hours of fruitless conversations.  Ultimately, since  they  did NOT clean my floors (the reason I hired them), and they did an embarrassingly poor job cleaning what they did attempt, they did not charge me for what they did.  I appreciate their honesty in that regard, but I will not be calling them back.   I've had to hire someone else to clean the floors (the only reason I called them), and I've gone back to get the rest of what they
4	Merry Maids cleaned my home for me when I moved in. The walk through was courteous and the rates were accurate. The cleaning maid did an extremely thorough job - she worked hard the entire day at the house ( I stayed around to see). She was very attentive to requests, and did an extremely good job. The only issue is the price was a bit on high side, but it's well worth it.
5	I recently requested the services for my sons home, he has put his home on the market and needed a good cleaning prior to listing it. Your company responded quickly and did a great job. Thank you"
4	I have been a Merry Maids customer for a long, long time. I can sum up why I am a satisfied customer in two words: Paula Jones. She is amazing, and tries really hard to clean consistently. I hope she is well-compensated, because she not only is meticulous in her cleaning skills, she trains many others for the company. If there is a reason she cannot do my house on my scheduled day (which is rare), MM knows not to send someone else. I don't know how you can clone her, but she is rare. If you can get on her schedule, you won't regret it. Generally speaking, to get the best results, stick with the same cleaning team. I think MM tries to do that whenever possible.
