2	I was debating whether or not to write this review, but I figured I might as well. After all, some people may find themselves in my position someday and at least this review will be out there for them if they need it.Typically I do not allow my hair to be submitted to "chain" hair salons, but I was in a position today where it just needed to be done. I have a photo-shoot coming up this weekend and I really just wanted to get a quick snip of my dead ends because I am a habitual flat-ironer.I did not want to arrange for a full-out salon appointment at my normal beauty salon. And honestly, I just did not want to pay premium prices for what basically was a few snippity-snips of the scissors to get rid of my dead ends. All I really got cut off was about 1.5 inches and the hair stylist here was very nice. I walked in without an appointment and she was able to take me right away. I explained to her how I just need a trim of the dead ends and to even out the framing around my face, nothing too serious. She understood and went to work. Thankfully she didn't ask me if I wanted to get my hair washed, because I did not want it to be done, but I have a problem telling people no sometimes.Even though the cut was perfectly fine, quick, and inexpensive I really must note the behavior of the other stylists in the salon. While I was sitting there having my hair done one of them shouts to the rest of the stylists (note I am now the only patron in the salon): "Hey guys we really need to dump the water out of the bottles at night because this one smells like mold!"OOOOOHHHH, WHAT??? I was horrified, but kept my cool. My stylist finished me up and I went to pay. Since she was so nice I left her a nice tip, but this venture was a NO NO for me. I couldn't believe it! Now in the future I don't care if I just need a trim - I am going to my beauty salon and I will pay the extra money! I mean, really, moldy water in the bottles you are spraying on people's hair?! Yikes. Really, really, just yikes.
5	iI would like to let the hairstylist at the Winterwood Great Clips kudos.  My last visit was with Stephanie and she has always given me and my husband a great haircut.  They are personable and will give you a great cut.  They have great people working for them and we just want to tell you how much we appreciate you all.  Thanks, Stephanie and to the whole team at the Great Clips at Winterwood - Nellis.  See you in a few weeks.
2	I have had previously okay experiences here before as it is a chain hair salon but two of the times I had been there my haircut was rushed and was done quite poorly and didn't appear to be straight, they didn't really seemed that concern on how good the haircuts were but rather how many people they could pump through. Dissapointed
2	Don't bother with online check in. It doesn't make a difference. I only take my son here because he could not care less if I paid $10 or $30 to get his hair done. Once he starts realizing he needs a real stylist, then he can go to whoever he wants. He also enjoys getting a dumdum after the appointment. Never 100% satisfied with his hair, but, again, he's not too picky about it.
