5	So one of the downsides to owning a place... you pay for anything that breaks! I had (what ended up NOT to be an emergency) for the kitchen sink. Right in the middle of cooking dinner, water starts coming out from the cabinets underneath. Great. I'm hungry and now I'm irritated...We actually called another handyman for a referral and he suggested we call these guys - specifically Howard. I wasn't too sure if I'd be able to get someone out right away, but Howard was the man and made it happen! We called him around 6pm and he showed up shortly after. He was very knowledgeable and really upfront about how much everything would cost. All around nice guy :) I'm very sure I'll be calling him if we ever need any other plumbing services... hopefully not any time soon!
5	Father and son operation. Howard comes out does the estimate and his son does the work. In my case very quick the next morning. Howard was super knowledgeable and very honest. I know who I'm calling if I'm ever in need.
5	OMG!!!! This father and son team are the best!!! they really know their stuff. I highly recommend them. They are priced very reasonable and they go above and beyound to get the job done!! FIVE STARS FOR RENAISSANCE!!
5	Howard was one of three contractors I had bid for replacement of my direct vent water heater in the home I own. His rates were the most reasonable. He always answers his phone. He is straight to the point and won't give you the runaround. His prices are good. His son came out and did the job. They pointed out in a diplomatic fashion some of the errors made in the original plumbing of the home and corrected them without an additional charge (it was an elbow that was installed backwards). I just called him for a potential wash basin in my garage and again, he was helpful.
5	This guy is awesome. I've had him out to my house a few times, once for a minor repair and then to install a water heater. Both times he gave me great service and a very reasonable price. Definitely will be keeping his number!
5	Lately I have started all my reviews the same way  "Once again my fellow yelpers steered me in the right direction."Well, they did it again.I needed a plumber for a few projects in my newly purchased home.1. Install whole house water softener.2. Install sink in laundry room where there was none.3. Install reverse osmosis filter under kitchen sink.4. Fix two sinks in master bath.Howard showed up as promised to make the site visit and quote.  He was very personable and easy to communicate with.  He explained well the options and we discussed the best way to go.  i did not feel that he pushed me to a solution I was unfamiliar with or unwilling to take.The quote came in, not as a formal document, but as a text on my phone.  I might have taken off 1/2 star for this, but I decided the pluses over came this minor faux pas.At first the quote overwhelmed me until I started looking up prices for the devices he included in the quote and I then soon realized the quote was quite good and I gave to go ahead to move forward.Howard's guys (including his son) showed up on the day as promised and got all the work done.  The worked a solid 8 hours and I was able to trust them with the house and a checkbook.  The cleaned up their work areas, left the appropriate documents and manuals and all is good in the world.Once again, I have met a small businessman who is doing a wonderful job providing quality technical service with great customer service.  Howard and his team are now a permanent part of home ownership support team.  thanks for a job well done.
5	We don't really write reviews- maybe 3 in 10 years, but these guys are AMAZING!  Prompt, EXPERT @ diagnosing on the phone and TOTALLY reasonable!  We were hysterical (ok I was-- hubby stayed sane)- this morning with water coming out of our ceiling kitchen light fixtures!!  These guys (the dad, Howard) assessed it over the PHONE!  He sent his son Sean right over -- & he and a partner had it FIXED in under an hour.  We are in shock.  Price was way less than we though it would be with labor and parts.  You could see they were working fast - which kept our expenses down.  We can't recommend this company more highly.. or we would do so.  You just can't go wrong here...
5	Shawn came out at a timely manner, got things done quickly, was very professional, and the price was fair. Would recommend to anyone.
5	Contacted Sean at Renaissance after doing a Yelp search for a plumber. I had a foul odor problem at my business and wanted a second opinion. Sean was able to swing by that day and take a look. We scheduled a time for him to return to do some additional diagnostics and Sean was communicative and on-time. Upon returning, he recommended to start small and replace the toilet seal and he was right, it was the source of the odor. The previous installers had used the wrong size seal. Not only did Sean replace the seal that day and fix my problem but he beat the other guy on price. No fuss, no issues, just a smooth repair, and best of all, no more odor! Sean was excellent to work with, courteous and professional. Great job!
5	Thank you, Yelp! Howard is the best! He came on a Saturday morning and fixed out toilet and tub in no time flat. Professional and so nice! His rates are great and we will definitely be using Howard from now on. Great find!!
