4	Pretty friendly staff at this Subway and the food is served in convenient dine-in baskets.  Definitely more appealing than the other stores around this area.
4	I will be the first to admit that by choice Subway is new to me. But now it is on my regular lunch menu. How can it not be since they started toasting the bread and have the $5 foot longs! Hard to say no to a $5 foot long, wouldn't you agree.This Subway location is very convenient to my work place and is usually pretty busy, but I have never had to wait too long for my sub and the employees are nice and talkative.When I first went to Subway I wasn't impressed with their tiny meat slices and lack of cheese, but I have started ordering the chicken breasts and getting the cheese toasted and I now I feel that I am getting my money's worth. Not to mention their new flavored breads, really delish!
5	Great for when I go on a diet especially with the lowest calorie options being the veggie sub and ham sub. I love honey mustard on it which is fat free, 30 cal per serving. Although not advertised at most subways you can get the veggie burger patty sub.This specific Subway is clean, friendly, and quick so it's like most Subways around. No complaints about this location.PERKS: Subways in the Phoenix area are offering free 6" sub if you join their e-mail list! Yay! Also this subway gives you extra coupon print outs with your receipt like "free drink with purchase" and "20% off catering." Fill out the survey (instruction on the receipt) and get a free cookie if you just write in the code that's resulted at the end of the survey.PARKING: Watch out for the shopping cart minefield in thCONCLUSION:  I love subway!
5	This is now my new Subway store of choice. I had been using the Subway at 2095 N. Alma School for years but when I went there yesterday for my free 6" Veteran's Day sandwich I was refused. I have spread the word to a lot of veterans in my neighborhood that were really indignant about the Alma School store doing that.
5	Not a 5 star restaurant, but definitly a 5 star subway. It's amazing how efficient they operate during lunch rush (which is 12-15 people deep) consistently. If you're in the back of the line, you'll be out the door in 7 min. The food has always been fresh, and they ensure you get exactly what and how much you want. They even allow people to turn a foot long into 2 separate sandwiches (same base with different toppings) so cheap asses can save $1.50! You can text in orders which makes it more convenient to pick up mutiple sandwiches. Great job every time! If youre in a rush and want to get your subway on, go there!
2	Please spare me the details on other reviews. The 15-20 plus person line is NOT even CLOSE to being run through in 7 minutes.  Try 20 to 30 minutes, been there, done that and bought the farm. Took the grown cotton and made my own t-shirts, had them printed with: THIS PLACE TAKES FOR- FREAKING EVER.The staff is only "permanently" populated with the store manager and a couple of assistants, after that, employee faces change QUITE frequently.  I do not go to this store anymore - after 4 years of going there at least 3 times a week, I had had enough of it.  Subway is running, apparently, at such small margins that it cannot make things right, even when they are wrong.  The last time I was wronged at this particular store- and yes, I knew the people that worked there, including the store manager, Yvette - I just washed my hands of it.  Being wronged once you can brush over, being wronged several times with a total BS excuse is a non-happening event with me.  Well, it happened but it isn't going to happen anymore and hasn't in well over a year since I stopped going there and to any other Subways.  I have been a 15 year customer of Subway but they permanently lost my business and this particular Subway had a lot to do with it.Whatever.  There are great lunch deals in that same area - LOTS of them - that walking away from this establishment was easier than I thought it would be after having gone there for so long.
5	I come to this Subway quite often for lunch and I am always pleased. The "sandwich artists" are always very friendly and my food is always good. It's very clean and even when it's busy, you get your food quickly.This is my favorite Subway location in the Valley!
