1	I agree with what others have to say here. The shop is very nice but the owner will try everything to extract money from you. I went there about 4 years ago to become a certified scuba diver. After initially signing in the owner convinced me to buy some gear which till now I haven't used. After the initial few classes he started telling me I should buy my own tank and BCD because my life depends on it. The trick he employs is  that he keeps some really very old almost broken down equipment for training and says that unless you buy his shiny new equipment you will have to get certified in the old equipment. The reason he gives is that if you go to any of the other scuba sites they have this very old equipment and it is better to train in that unless I buy equipment from him. Once a person dropped in to class to return a leaking cylinder which that person rented from him. He then started telling me this is why I should buy my own cylinder since the person had to come back from his vacation because of his leaking cylinder and this wouldn't have happened if he had bought and maintained his own tank. To make things worse there was very little training since most of the time he was trying to sell his overpriced equipment. He also tried to sell me a vacation package which he and his girlfriend was going to and told me that other people in the class were also going to(there were really no other people in the class). The vacation was of course overpriced and I felt he was trying to get me to pay for all 3 of us. I very soon cut my losses and left the classes and got certified at another place where the divers told me that this guy had spent time in prison. Never go here.
5	Paradise Island Divers is a family run operation.  The staff have been consistently kind, patient and VERY willing to work with clients.  I have found them to be extremely honest and considerate.  After a decade of personal experience, I think it's pretty easy to judge the character and reputation of a business.  Paradise Islands is TOP NOTCH.  It's a wonderful facility.  Frankly, one would be hard-pressed to find a better equipped, safe and family friendly environment. Diving is PER SE dangerous.  After one altitude of pressure, you're always making a calculated risk.  That's the joy of being alive. The staff at Paradise Islands seek first to properly educate and train their clients.  As an 30+ year diver, I can state without equivocation I literally trust my life with Paradise Islands.   I don't worry about tank filling, equipment rental or dive recommendations.  I don't worry about CO exhaust or anything that would put my life, and that of my family, in peril.The diving business in Charlotte seems, well, a bit nasty.  That truly is unfortunate.  I don't know about other companies and I feel certain anyone REALLY in love with underwater adventures would put safety first; but, what I DO know is that I have and will continue to put my life in the hands of Paradise Islands Diving.Because the truth is. . .when you're 100+ feet under, what matters most is what you did for me today.  I don't care what you may have done 20 years ago.bill powerslifelong diver, aqua enthusiast and ocean lover
5	This place is top notch.  I was certified elsewhere and was trained very well, but after talking with owner Wayne, I did not realize how much I was missing.  He did not have to help me in any way, but he came and worked with me one on one, not to mention for free.  I was also in the market to buy my own gear and he was able to help me, someone with a very tight budget just out of school.  The team at Paradise Island Divers is top notch and I plan on giving all of my business to this store.  I find it very hard to believe that anyone would have anything negative to say about this store or its owner.  The staff is always top notch and wanting to help me.  I know they are willing to help anyone whether you are just starting out in diving or very advanced these guys can do it all and work with you until you get it right.  The shop has all of the gear that you need whether it be underwater photography or spearfishing, not to mention all of the gear that you need to get started diving or to continue diving.  If you are in the Charlotte area and interested in diving take my advice and go see these guys they will not lead you a stray and listen to what they have to say because in the long run it will save you money and could potentially save your life in a sticky situation.
