1	This is the only applemac supplier in Edinburgh - which always baffles me! It's Scotlands capital and it doesn't have an Apple shop?? Get on it Apple!As such, it has everything you want from an apple shop for the same price. You really can't fault the quality - apple are miles ahead of everyone else.So I should probably explain myself...I came in here with a broken laptop - as I have done twice before - I got the new guy. The new guy 'accidently' wiped my harddrive. To me, that's unforgivable.As I had been in a few times with my broken laptop I assumed it would be safe! After they broke the news, they then told me it had to be sent away FOR TWO WEEKS to be fixed. Three weeks later, I got my laptop back. Yeah ok it had all the latest software and everything was up-to-date, but it wasn't my laptop. I lost all my photos, my music, my documents, everything! The frustrating thing is it could have been avoided, it was an accident. Thus, I will never forgive you Cancom.
4	I remember when Apple Macs were the ugly duckling of the computer world. Now, like the coolest accessory, everyone wants an 'I' prefix attached to their possessions. Cancom, as a primary retailer of Apple products, are flying the rainbow coloured flag and with some success.  Letting you poke and prod your way around the shops contents, they always seem to be more than willing to allow the hands on  approach. This comes in handy as the latest 'Ipad' is always up for some touchy feely.Great for support with Apple product faults too.  I-like.
3	When you buy an apple product, you don't buy it for it's quality or usefulness, you're buying a statement about yourself. You're telling the world that you are creative, young, hip, and that you drink hazelnut lattes and have a huge amount of Facebook friends.I'm comfortable enough in my own skin to prefer a proper computer that can actually do the things I need it to rather than act as a fashion accessory. Quite why anyone in their right mind would want to buy the utterly useless iPad is completely beyond me.
2	I went in for a little look at an iPad to see if it would really revolutionize my life. Unfortunately, it didn't. You see, i'm a little strange with computers, I like using more than program at once.For a laugh check out the game section, you'll have a tough time choosing at least 1 of the 11 available.
2	As many other reviewers have stated, avoid Cancom and get a train to Glasgow instead. I bought my iPad 2 from them and after having owned it for a couple of weeks, decided I wanted a better case. So I went back to browse their (limited) stock and was pleasantly surprised to find one I liked. I asked one of the employees how it attached to my iPad, but having no demo models without the giant security tags on them he asked for MY iPad to show me ...So I reluctantly handed it over, and he proceeded to jam it in there, clearly struggling to get it to fit. I objected and he returned my iPad to me. I later discovered the corner was broken.Go in, browse, have a play with their demo models, then if you like what you see either order online or go to the Apple store in Glasgow. Don't buy from Cancom.
5	I went to cancom with my macbook pro which had been water damaged. I now realise that is is closed but there was a sign on the outside saying that their technicians are now working at a shop on Forrest Road called SimplyFixIt. There is a web site at http://cancom-edinburgh.comI took the macbook to them and they were really helpful. Now that they are not tied to Apple's repair prices they were able to fully restore the laptop at a great price. I can't recommend them highly enough. The phone number on the poster said 0844 822 6072. Call them and I bet you never wonder about Apple not being in Edinburgh again.
