1	I ordered online at 9:20 pm on Wednesday night 9/21/2011. An hour and a half later (with no pizza) I called to see how much longer it would be.  The employee informed me "any minute now" the delivery guy already left. At midnight (over 2 1/2 hours later) I called them back upset to cancel my order. The employee was rude and short and gave no explanation or apology. Seriously?
1	Ridiculously poor, compared to the Taste of Chicago and Rocco's.
3	I like Papa John's Pizza so it is easy to give them 3 stars. But I would consider this a strong 2, weak 3.The large pizzas seem like they have gotten smaller. But the choice of specialty pizzas they offer more up for it. If you can catch a special deal like I did - Any large pizza for $11.00 with up to 5 toppings or any specialty pizza - it can almost make up for the lack of size. Almost.I had originally called to place my order for delivery for 16 pizzas but when they told me it would be an hour and half, I said forget it. I will pick it up. They told  me they would be ready in 45 minutes to 1 hour. I was there in probably 40 minutes and they were all ready, waiting for me. My only gripe is I tipped them $10. I know this is not much on a $190 order but I was picking it up and they didn't have to do anything but their job. So when I asked for some extra paper plates, bags, and condiments - to me it should not have been a big deal. And then if their customer service was up to par, one of the associates should have asked me if I needed help carrying out 16 pizzas to my vehicle. But nope, not one soul did. They just watched me come in and out, over and over again. So, if I wasn't a big fan of the quality of the pizza, yes this would be a two star review. They need better management in this place to enforce better customer service.
1	I like Papa's usually but this one really fell short of late!  Seriously, I've never had so much trouble getting someone to make a half vegetarian half meat pizza!  It's not rocket science.  I understand that people make mistakes but I had ordered from them they had to remake it three times and still got it all wrong.  When I called the same person who took my order (I swear she must have been high), she began to argue with me saying that it was correct and had to go "talk to the manager" three times.  She was going to charge me anyways!!!  I could not believe the poor customer service!  I explained to her that I had a vegetarian in the house and have always ordered at least half if not all of the pizzas veggie.  FINALLY the manager got on the phone and he ended up MAILING me a free pizza cert, in the meantime I had to run out and buy a frozen pizza because we had waited an hour for it to arrive and I wasn't going to wait for them to re-make it again!  In short, I like Papa's normally, but I worked for a pizza place in my younger years and the last thing you do when a customer says a pizza is wrong (and they haven't touched it), is defend your order-taking abilities (or lack thereof)!  Who cares pizza girl?!  It costs the company like a dollar to waste a pizza, so just make another!!!!!!
3	Papa John's pizza is definitely a change from the normal Pizza Hut or Domino's.But it's also not the best pizza I've ever had.I always get delivery, which has been spot on.Even at times better than Pizza Hut.But I have had hit and miss with this place.My last order I didn't even get what I ordered.The best thing about Papa John's is that they are open late at night past midnight.
1	Called to place an order for deliver 26 minutes ago. After 12 minutes, someone picked up and asked for my number and address and said they needed to verify they could deliver here (2.6 miles from my house).  Waited an additional 15 minutes for them to tell me that they were confused about the address and they stated that is what took them so long with plenty of attitude. Asked to speak with the manager (Jessica) to ask what the deal was and she was shocked stating that they weren't even busy at all and that she didn't know this was occurring.Bottom line, looks like the staff are a bunch of kids who just don't care about their jobs enough to perform them even half ass. Obviously will not be sending them any business just on principle alone,
1	Worst customer service! After waiting close to 2 hours for one pizza, I waited an additional 10 minutes on hold when calling to find out what was going on with my order. I hang up and then call back. A different person answers and asks to put me on hold...I tell her no. She says there are multiple lines ahead of me and that she is there alone making pizzas. I said "miss, you're not alone. Another guy answered the phone ten minutes ago." She said current wait time was an hour to an hour and a half. I said its been almost two hours to which she replied she was sure my order was on its way. I said check please to which she said she did and that its on its way. And then added they are really busy because of school lunches. I said "not my problem miss. If you can't handle the volume, don't take it on." Pizza is still not here btw...don't use this store!!!
1	I ordered from here a few days ago and because of that experience, I will NEVER order from Papa John's again. I ordered from my phone (like I always do) and paid with my credit card (like I always do-which they charged immediately) and had my bf go pick up the pizza on his way to my place (like he always does). They would not give him the pizza because apparently they have a new policy that the person paying has to be present. Ok, I get it, you guys implement a new policy. Business's are completely allowed to do things like that. No problem. However, it would be nice for the customer that when they are placing the order, there is some kind of notice that states this policy so I could have made my decision based on that.So I called and spoke to a girl there (Jennifer or Jessica?). She was rude from the moment she started talking. Telling me how that's just their policy and there's nothing that can be done about it. I then told her that I think that is wrong of them since it never said anything about needing to be present online when I placed the order. She then proceeded to ARGUE with me saying that it does say it on there as well as in the confirmation email. I told them to refund my card since they refused to release my order, which they did. I then went back to the email (and read EVERY LAST WORD. It NEVER mentioned this policy. I also went back to the mobile order screen and it also DOES NOT STATE THE POLICY! So there was no way to know of this policy before ordering. I immediately wrote to customer service and told them of my experience and even offered to send proof that the policy was not stated anywhere! I received the automatic reply that my email was received but have yet to have any real response. I wouldn't be surprised if they sent my complaint to the store directly so of course they won't respond. What a joke!
1	Until yesterday, I'd never had a bad experience with this location.I've been sick, and in a LOT of pain for the last 3 days.  Yesterday, I decided that ordering a pizza would be comforting, and help me fall asleep after I ate.So, I ordered online, like always, and was quoted a 30-40 minute wait time. 55 minutes later, I called to find out where my food was.The kid who answered the phone said "Oh, its been sitting here ready, but I only have one driver, so I'm waiting for him to get back."Me: "So...my pizza has been sitting there for an hour, and its going to get here cold."Him: "Well, no.  Its been sitting for 30 minutes."WELL EXCUSE ME.  Its still going to be cold when it gets here, you idiot.What gets me, is that I didn't even get an APOLOGY.  I told him to cancel the order, AND I submitted a complaint on the PJ's website.Ordered online from Pizza Hut and had my food within 20 minutes or so.  Never again, not if I can help it.
1	Incompetent reps  taking phone orders. Couldn't get my order correct after 4 tries. I told them they need to get someone competent on the phone taking taking orders.
1	I wish I would have looked at the reviews of this location before I placed an order. For superbowl Sunday I ordered 3 pizza's for my friends and I to be delivered at our hotel. When we went downstairs to pickup the pizzas we could not find the delivery person. We called him to learn that our pizzas were given to someone else. To be completely honest, I can understand this type of mistake. HOWEVER, when I called the manager to explain the mix up, I was turned over to the delivery person who YELLED, was DISRESPECTFUL AND ACCUSED ME OF LYING TO HIM. It was extremely uncalled for and unprofessional. I have already put a phone call and email to the business but I want to advise other costumers to not visit this location. I will no longer be a costumer of any Papa John location until I hear back from the business or corporate with an appropriate apology.
1	Let me start by saying if I could give them negative stars I would. Anytime I come to Vegas I order from papa Johns and I always mess up by giving into my love of pjs and ordering from this location. The first time I waited for about 3 hours and they said it would be 45 min. They were "short staffed". The second time I waited an hour and called to see where my pizza was and they said it was sent out. Waited another hour canceled my order had to pull teeth to get them to refund my credit card. And the guy i spoke to was probably the biggest jerk I have ever spoken to. He actually hung up on me and I called back. I then went out to eat then came home and relaxed only to find my pizza has arrived 4 hours from when I called and  2 hours after I canceled. And today they messed up my whole order but got the Pepsi right and were on time. Haha. Don't order from here. The staff sucks. Call the other location. Usually they will deliver if you explain how terrible this location is.
1	I will never order form again I spent 32 bucks for a nasty cold pizza and cold cheese sticks the veggies onto pizza wasn't even cooked right they still where a lil hard
1	They don't even deserve a star. They don't do any discounts for large orders and if your looking for order to be wrong and they having to wait an 1 hour for them to fix it, then this is the place for you. The phone staff is extremely rude and unhelpful. We will NEVER order them again.
1	I attempted to order pizza online but it was having issues. No big deal, so I decided to call. I called stating the problem and that I would like to order for carryout. He then asked for all my info which already is in the system since I've ordered plenty of times. I had to explain again I wanted it for carryout. I also asked if I could get the carry out special since online was malfunctioning. All I received was attitude that they can't do that for me. I decided to take my business elsewhere from now on. Not worth the headache.
1	incompetent basterds when i order pizza hear @1:40 pm and @ 4:30 pm the came hear and the pizza was ice cold i told the maneger and he said  all he can do is sand a card in mail next month the people who work there disapoint me so much im not ordering from this papa johns again do not order from this place or you'll be dissapointed fuck this place
1	Nevermind papa johns sucks. there's no consistency. Jennifer is great but the rest of the staff are the worst. who trains theses people??? they don't listen, they don't help, they don't do shit. they don't even make good pizza.  Sean is a prime example of trash management that give papa johns a horrible name.
1	Call this pizza for getting yourself the best insult in the city. Order the pizza they will promise delivery in 30 minutes, call to verify your order they will say it takes 1.5 hrs to reach for the delivery, and you would be asked to cancel if you want to know the status. Have respect and eat with some sense in this great city.
