5	I hate working out. I've never liked it, I've never been good at it, I've never looked forward to it.Until now.I joined the MADness a few weeks ago to get ready for a wedding I'm in this May. I initially bought the 5 day pass, because I didn't think I'd want to go more than that in a month. So wrong. I flew through those 5 days in under 2 weeks. Now I'm on a 15 day pass and I schedule my day around when I can get in to class.Brandon and Kirk (and everyone else) are fabulous trainers and they've never made me feel like I didn't know what I was doing or that their gym was only for elite athletes. They motivate you to do your best and push past whatever limits you think you have. The workouts are crazy insane, but I can already see a difference in my muscle tone and endurance. It's great for people who have been considering CrossFit, but aren't sure if lifting big heavy weights is right for them.Even better is that the location is convenient to work, the class schedule is convenient to my schedule and they have a shower so I can go back to work after my lunchtime workout.
5	Awesome workouts, great instructors and limited space so make sure you register online to ensure a spot in class.
5	Even though I'm not coordinated nor particularly athletcially inclined (I run, but really I'm only a runner because I don't have skills to participate in an actual sport)... I really enjoy Fight Gone Mad. The instructors are great and make everyone feel like a regular! I love the location and like the non-traditional circuit-style workouts... you never know what you're going to do when you show up, it's a great way to confuse your muscles and work muscle groups you didn't even know you had!
5	I've been training at Madabolic for 7 months. In my past I've done just about every type of workout there is from Crossfit, to MMA style training to triathlons and all sorts of weights and resistance training. I really like the structure, and the intensity of the workouts at MAD. Every workout varies time, weight and length of the work vs. rest periods. The facility is very clean and well maintained. The trainers are motivating. But the biggest thing for me is I don't get bored with he workouts. Really love training here.
4	Don't be scared! I was scared. Their website is terrifying. I started off with the 10 days for $10 pass. This a tremendous deal so don't expect the monthly pricing to be along the same lines. The classes max out at 20 so you get a good deal of personal attention. Fitness levels vary from the newbie to some pretty hot fellow work out peeps. This is a fast and furious butt kicking work out. Better than anything I could ever pull together on my own in a fairly approachable environment. They don't get preachy about food which I appreciate. After ten days you need to need to buy some boxing gloves- you can borrow for the first the trial period. Parking is easy and plentiful. Registration for that week opens on Sundays and be warned the 5:30am classes fill up quickly. You have to cancel by 8pm the night before or you will be charged for a class. Great way to make sure  you don't miss a work out!
