5	I love this gym!!  I have been a member for about 2 years and just recently got serious about dropping my BMI.  I've hired a trainer his name is Josh and the man kills me in every session we have!!  Well worth the extra money for PT sessions!!  Plus not to mention they have a great ABS & MetCon class, plus Saturday Seminar that will take your body to the next level.  I heard that LA Fitness maybe merging with PureFitness...  I don't know how true that is but I hope they keep up the great work!!
5	Love this gym. Not many know it's here..lunch time is the best to get in. I've been a member since Feb of 2009. While the trainers are nice, it's a revolving door. You are better off at this gym if you know what you're doing vs. needing 1-to-1 attention. Since LA Fitness just purchased PURE, this will only increase I imagine. Pretty disappointed that they no longer do monthly 're-programs'... But the gym itself is worth the monthly fee. If you're looking for a place to be left alone to workout - this is it.
5	Now this LA Fitness is nice! It's one of their newer locations, clean, doesn't smell like a locker room. One of the things I really like about this location is that I don't feel intimidated to come here like I have at other gyms (*coughs* Gold's Gym *coughs*) The staff has always been friendly, I don't feel like the other gym members are mocking me as I try to work out. I do wish they had a bigger time frame of classes, especially on weekends.The only one I like better than this is the one at 83rd and Union Hills
3	Zumba several times during the week! So much fun :)Almost never a wait for equipment or cardio machines and the staff is really friendly.  I do wish there were more weekend classes and no pool is definitely a bummer.  Locker rooms are clean.I don't personally use it but they do have a kids-club.
1	I can't tell you how glad I was to quit this joint. No spin classes available was kind of a downer when I signed up, but I made do. Equipment was always overcrowded or broken, staff was always pushing personal training and would try their best to insult me into signing up. P.s. Not a great tactic guys.The final straw was inquiring about adding my boyfriend to my account, we had been told one price at a different location and when we went to the 91st location to sign up Chad told us that was impossible and that we were ridiculous for coming in and wanting to haggle with him. When we didn't want to sign up for twice the price we were quoted he said "You can do what you want, I don't care!" Before walking away from us.So thanks Chad, now we're both signed up for Gold's Gym
1	My family has had an LA Fitness membership with family add on's for 7 years now.  About a year ago, my mother cancelled her membership.  We called today to inquire about adding her back on.  We spoke directly with the GM who quoted us the regularly advertised prices; which makes sense.  However, the GM's attitude was far from customer service oriented.  I asked about waiving the enrollment fee, which has happend at every gym I've ever joined (Gold, the Village, Powerhouse, and LA Fit), and he referenced they do not do that, if they did it would turn into a used car lot.  After referencing Golds, he said "apples to oranges" and eventually hung up on me.  Isn't that the point? When joining a gym you compare? Great customer service goes really far with gym customers, as a GM he should be a leading example, not hanging up on veteran customers.  Pretty scary. Its funny how different LA Fitness' operate these days compared to 7 years ago. No wonder so many people are jumping ship and moving toward CrossFit and studio style gyms.As for adding my mother... after being hung up on we decided to go with Gold's. Cheaper and a much more upscale facility. Gold's has a smaller 'women's only' room with free weights and a few cardio machines. Overall a better experience for her.
3	This gym has everything I need for a great workout. My only complaint is the free weights are scattered everywhere. People do not put them where they belong. If your looking for a 25lb plate check behind the 45's etc. Water taste like chlorine so I bring my own.
4	I have them four stars because my mom said it always clean smelling, like Fabuloso.    I deducted a star because the equipment is old and they do not have a pool or a basketball court.  However, I understand this is because LA Fitness bought this gym from some other gym.  That would explain why the facade of the gym is so nondescript.  I like that this gym is really close to my parents house so I don't have to commute to workout.
1	I wish I could give no stars. The GM is a TOTAL CROOK. and got waay to into my personal life when I told him I wanted to quit the next day after siging up after I found out I was completely ROBBED 150+$ startup fee. Ill be honest if was my first gym I didn't know what to pay. Maybe that's what everyone else payed? Jeeze gyms are expensive. Then I asked around and many people I had talked to had got it either waay cheaper or no startup fee. SO I asked for a refund. Hard to get a refund. DO NOT GO HERE. Im sure they work off of commission and make it seem like the only possible way to sign up is by paying 150+$ and then some.
1	I've gone to this gym at several different times of the day and it seems to be the same. There's no policing of the customers, with that being said there's always weights in the wrong places, used paper towels on the ground, water bottles everywhere, and I've seen numerous customers slamming weights which eventually breaks the machines. All of this happens while numerous employees sit behind the counter and talk. I don't understand how at 4am they just open and are very slow but yet the gym still has garbage left over from the day before. The employees seem to have no care for maintaining the cleanliness of the gym. Not all the employees seem this way but 4 out of 5 don't care. I continue to go because of the location and I've learned to ignore the negative things but if you have a choice to use a different gym I recommend not to go to this location
5	This is a awesome gym. Even at 5pm the gym is not to crowded. I love this gym. There are plenty of machine's and hamer
2	Love that it's not crowded when I go. Needs updating and most importantly they need to get wifi
1	If you don't get involved in personal training and just do you own thing this is the perfect gym for you. Otherwise I wouldn't go here. The employees are very rude and if you can't finish the workout in your one free personal training session then you will get made fun of. They are really nice when you sign up but after that they completely ignore you cause they already got you in the door. I would go to mountainside and pay a little more and get treated with respect.
