5	I'm an author who uses Beast Printing for my Spartan Heart bookmarks! Excellent 5-Star quality! I chose the larger bookmark and Beast used my cover and pics, giving me glossy, dual-sided bookmarks with vibrant color. They even assisted with formatting (one-time $25 fee) and gave me both proofs to save me this expense for next time. Fans rave about my bookmarks and I'm proud to offer them high quality swag! I will continue to use Beast for all my printing needs.Kristine Cheney
5	I've used Beast Printing many times, and they seriously print just about anything on anything, seriously.  They did my car decal, and not just the simple block letters, I showed them my website, and they matched the font/style and designed a decal that would go along with it to keep my brand consistent.  And when I needed a birthday present for a friend?  They made custom engraved shot glasses!  But beyond the printing, what you get with them is their professional experience.  I have vision for what I want a project to look like, and their end product always looks better than I could have imagined myself.  I strongly recommend Beast Printing for everything from the simple things like flyers, posters, pens, and shirts, to the out of the box things, like shot glasses, or anything else you could possibly think of printing.  Go ahead, try to find something they can't print!
5	Our company has used Beast Printing for our company shirts, job yard signs and magnetic car signs.  As General Contractors, we have found that the work shirts are very durable and the silk screening has withstood the multiple washings we put the shirts through .  Beast printing gave us a great product and customer service while keeping the price very reasonable.  The magnetic signs that they made for us has helped to increase our advertising.  We were able to pick up some extra jobs because people would see the signs on our vehicles at jobs sites we were working on and ask us to look at items their homes.  We will continue to use Beast Printing to help our business.  They can Print Any Thing on Anything.Don KiefferKMI Contracting LLC
5	I've used Beast Printing for my business cards and they did a great job.  Their attention to detail was excellent.  They were focused on making me happy and creating quality business cards.  They were fast and the price was right.  I've known Rick for two years now and know that he is a dependable and great guy.  He is passionate about his printing business and knows how to get the job done.  If you want to put your company's logo on anything, he can do it.  He's a great designer and will come up with ideas that you didn't think of.
5	Rick, owner of Beast Printing, provides excellent service.  When ever I need anything, he delivers.  I have order luggage tags and Shirts and have been very pleased.  I recommend to any one if you need any promotional products for your business or club.  Then you Rick!!! Glen
5	Thank you so much for your awesome service. I love using local businesses! Apples to apples, hands down your service costs much less than the VP people. I even saved more with a yelp deal. Jessica was friendly and informative. Products arrived when stated and packaged safely. I recommend beast Printing to everyone. :)
