3	What is it with arts and crafts stores that they have to have that funky smell?  I get that some things (is it the flowers) will have an aroma, but why does the whole place always assault  you as soon as you walk in?  Shouldn't they have some sort of an area that is cordoned off so that it doesn't permeate everything else, something like a thermidor for the flowers (or for everything else)?Whatever the case, it seems to me that if you need something, you can get it at one of these stores.  I'm not expert by any means, but there is all sorts of stuff here.Generally when I go into a Michael's it is for art supplies (usually for the kids for a class) or for framing.  The art supplies I try and pick up during back-to-school sales, but every once in a while I have to get them mid-year because they have been lost.For framing, however, keep your eyes on the paper.  It seems like the framing goes in cycles.  Usually you can catch 50% off sales (or more) if you are just patient.  If Michael's doesn't have it, A.C. Moore will.  Or someone else.I can't speak to those flowers (except for the smell) or cake design or anything else, but there sure seems to be plenty of supplies for doing those things...
3	For whatever reason, I always feel like Michael's is the more expensive option when it comes to crafting/art/framing supplies.  My last visit proved me wrong in that my item ended up being $5 less than the marked shelf price.  A nice surprise at the register - but maybe they did that on purpose to lure me in even more!Usually I used to wait for the Sunday paper and the 50% off a reg priced item coupon to use it, but I got tired of waiting for the paper and started going elsewhere for my art supply needs.You can find a lot of items in here, in a pinch... but unfortunately Michaels would be my second choice before some of the other stores (that are located nearby).
3	They always have great coupons if you sign up for their mailing list.
3	Located in Sycamore Commons, this isn't my usual Michaels store, but after a trip to Costco, I thought I would hit this one up while I was here.  Located on the corner of the back row of junior anchors of Sycamore Commons, parking although a little wonky, was plentiful.  To avoid crossing the street, I parked beside the building rather than in front of it.  The day after the second January "winter storm" in Charlotte, the crowd was sparse, but not sparse enough to keep the screaming children at home.  After the screams persisted for 5+ minutes, I decided to get what I needed and get the hell out of there.  Since this isn't the store I usually visit, I wandered for a bit to find what I was looking for.  I purchased some cross stitch patterns from etsy and needed to go get the items required to re-start my hobby.  Armed with a 15% off your order coupon, I wanted to get everything I needed here.  They had a limited selection of basic aida cloth (mostly white, with only 2 of 14 count left), a wide selection of needles (although they mix a variety of needles used for different crafts, so it was a little confusing for someone who hasn't done cross stitch in 10+ years) and they had about half of the colors of thread that I needed (in a mixed numerical order, it was hard to follow, especially when looking for 40+ colors).  The thread section could have used some TLC and some replenishment, it was a bit of a mess.  The dour cashier checked me out quickly and bagged my items and I was on my way.  (** For cross stitchers, I would head across the street to Hobby Lobby - they had a fully stocked, well maintained, slightly less expensive, logically ordered section.)
