4	I will have to admit that I was not a huge fan of the Keg, as I have been to the Chandler Mall location and I was not impressed. I was hesitant to try the new location at the San Tan Mall, but I tried it anyway. I have been there 3 times in the last 3 months, and I am glad that I did.I thought the waitstaff was excellent and very helpful every time I went there, and their menu has some really great choices. The bar was very nice and clean and the outside patio is pretty awesome. If you go during the cooler months, they have a nice fireplace and comfortable seating. The prices are similar to Outback, but the food is far better.I will be returning.
5	I have been to this location at least 3 times. Every experience has been wonderful. I have had their steaks (which are melt-in-you-mouth-goodness), salads, every side imaginable (Mmm twice-baked potatoes) and their creme brulee (which is to die for!) - I went once with my friend and his son and they brought us a fruit plat for his kiddo. Really great service, friendly people and a wonderful menu.
5	I was talking to a friend about how much I loved Ruth Chris Steakhouse and he suggested I try this place.  My wife and I finished up watching a movie and a steak just sounded good so I wanted to give the place a try.  After finding out it was my first time the manager came and offered me a free appetizer which was way cool of them ... to bad I am not a huge fan of Shrimp cocktails, but the gesture was amazing.I ordered the 10oz filet which really was melt in your mouth goodness.  Its about 10 bucks cheaper then the filet at Ruth Chris but I have to admit I still like the steak at Ruth Chris better.  BUT DONT GET ME WRONG this was an amazing steak, its just hard to beat Ruth!!!I also had the sweet potato fries which were amazing served with some kind of sauce that I still am not sure what it was, but it was amazing!!!  My wife had the sirloin and said it was really good too, and we both agree we will be going back to this place.  The service was tremendous and friendly and we got right in and the food service was quick.  A very good place for an amazing date night!!
3	For me, the food is just ok.  This place has a beautiful wait staff and is fun to drink at with friends so that is what saves it.
2	Good looking staff and decent drinks, food is not good at all.  I have had steak, salmon, and crab legs and all were very bad.  I have been here a few times and every time walk away upset I went.  Food is really not good. almost bad.
4	Been here a few times at the bar just for an app and drink usually.  Had dinner once and it was good.  This time, we were supposed to meet the girls at blue wasabi an hour later so the guys belly up to the bar and we have drinks.  Didn't know the girls were there too on the patio.  The drinks and bar service are always good.  No big deal.  The girls tried the escargot, scallops wrapped in bacon, and nachos.  They said they were all good apps.  They ordered margs that were good not great.  Fresh juice but just not the way we would make it, needs more lime.  The beer and wines by the glass at the bar were what you would expect.  It's a good place.  Middle of the road, a little dark, and  not to loud.  Kona is across the way if you want more action and crowds, although this place gets busy too sometimes.
4	My bf took me to the Keg for by birthday tonight and it was a great experience.As I normally do, I had taken a look at the menu on line and had an idea what I'd order.  I'd locked onto the escargot for an appetizer and enjoyed it a lot.  It's not the best I've ever had but it was noteworthy.  No place can compete with the escargot at Rene in Tlaquepaque but this one deserves an honorable mention.I'd pointed out the Mushrooms Neptune to my bf and he ordered those.  They were tasty too but the escargot definitely were better.  And I'm proud of my bf for wanting to give the snails a try and not turning his nose up at them like 99% of people do.  He is now an escargot fan too.For my entree I ordered the sirloin and half lobster.  Both were delish though I devoted myself mainly to the lobster.  My doggies were happy with that because it meant there was a large piece of steak coming home to them.  The bf order the seafood sirloin, which is normally an 8 oz steak but since he wasn't sure that would be big enough for him, he went up to a 12 oz.  I know he liked the lobster, shrimp and asparagus topping on his steak but he did mention he wish he'd gotten prime rib instead.  He'd been to the Keg before and knew it was a winner.Since I was a first time visitor, we received the complimentary shrimp cocktail.  I agree with what others have said which is that this is a great customer service tactic.  Guaranteed to make you feel welcome and also recommend the place to others.And because it was also my birthday, let's not forget they gave us a complimentary dessert as well.  No corny song or anything, just my choice of dessert (creme brulee, very yum!) with a candle in it.  With all that we ordered, we were out the door for $100 (tip included).  I don't think any other steakhouse of this caliber could match the value.
4	What can I say, The Keg never disappoints.  Their food is delish and their drinks are even better.  They made me an amazing strawberry martini that I still think about weeks later.  Sadly it was a "seasonal" drink so I won't be able to get it again until next spring/summer.  Their service is also always exceptional.  This is one of my fave spots, I just wish it was a little easier on the wallet.
5	Delicious food at a reasonable value, super friendly and professional wait staff, very clean, and nice atmosphere without being pretentious.  The "Classic Dinner" options state that they come with Caesar salad, mixed vegetables, and baked potato, but they are very accommodating and you can easily substitute another salad and/or potato choice.The wedge salad is great, assuming you enjoy bleu cheese... the bacon-wrapped filet, well, what can I say - when you wrap one kind of meat with another kind of meat, you can't go wrong!  Even the standard baked potato was delish.  For dessert, they have these great shot glass desserts that would give you just a taste of something sweet, but of course I had to go all out and get a full-sized dessert.  The name of the dessert I got was something like "Billy Miner Pie."  Mocha ice cream on an oreo pie crust sprinkled with toasted almonds - divine!Try this place... it's good stuff!
3	A nice cold Arizona evening we ventured for some meat and potatoes Keg style.  Greeted by very nice staff and very nice waiter, service was prompt.  Started with some salad, casear; it was okay, almost frozen from being on the cart in the walk-in, kind of took away from the salad being so cold.  I had the Prime Rib and wifey had Bacon wrapped Filet.  Prime Rib was (see above) A-OK, nothing AWESOME but nothing horrible.  The jus was good but the prime rib was just A-OK. Filet wasn't very filet tender, more of like a ribeye without the fat, which I love Filets but this just didn't hit the mark.  Wine selections and price were very nice and not too expensive and probably worth it for the cost but nothing blew me away.
4	Service- 4 starsFood- 3.5 starsFood was good! Wedge salad was big enough to share, mushroom neptune were mushroom caps filled with cream cheese and a hint of crab- it was alright. The star was the Sirloin Oscar. Baseball cut sirloin topped with scallops and shrimp and bernaise sauce. SATISFYING! Steak was cooked perfect. Good value for your money. Beware, they do not have corkaging license so you are stuck with their wine list selection. Overall, great service, I would highly recommend it and I would go back if I'm in the Phoenix area.
4	Went here New Year's Eve at the suggestion of some friends. The place was jam packed as expected, and we got seated in about an hour. The general ambiance of this place is quite nice. One gets the impression of being in an establishment that's a considerable cut above your average steakhouse. Of course, to me, an average steakhouse is Outback so you might take me with a grain of salt. I was a bit pessimistic because I'm never really satisfied with the steak I get anywhere. I may not have ever had a really great steak. However, the steak and the general level of service here far exceeded expectations. They had a New Year's menu that we all ordered off which included a salad, entree, seafood side, and dessert. I had the Caesar salad, the New York Strip, the Tiger Prawns, and a brownie dessert. All were terrific, and the steak was cooked perfectly. It was so tasty I almost wanted to ask it what it was doing next weekend.There was only one negative, and I'll preface my account by saying I've been a bartender so I have a certain level of expectation there. One of our party ordered a Singapore Sling from the bar while we were waiting for our table. I'll grant that it's a bit of an oddball drink to order these days. The waitress disappeared for 15 minutes only to come back with, "Uh.. what's in a Singapore Sling?" I was a bit floored, and said, "Don't you have a copy of Mr. Boston's back there?" See, back in the day, if someone ordered a drink you didn't know, you looked it up and made it without saying anything. She looked at me and replied, "Mr. Bostons, haha!" in a way that simultaneously told me that the answer was "no" and that she had no idea what Mr. Boston's is. There is no bartending pride anymore, apparently. At least not at "The Keg".Anyway, excellent food, excellent service, amateur bartenders. If you're after the first two and don't care about the third, give it a try!
4	This place is cool...definitely my favorite happy hour in this mall.  The setting is 5 stars, the food and drinks 4 to 5 stars....the waitresses, well, they dress a little sexy and some of them are sexy, but they may have too much of a service area as they tend to be a little slow.  But, I suppose this is tolerable as the environment is relaxing.  DO NOT order that berry drink they have, sorry, cant remember the name, but its one of their house drinks.  Im all for fresh fruit and all, but this drink was horrible.  But cool place, I do recommend
5	I love this place for eating and happy hour. One of my favorite happy hour items is the BAKED GOAT CHEESE. Just eat it! The goat cheese is lovely, creamy and has toasted almonds on it. I also love the Orange Slice Martini. The best thing about the martini is the juice is fresh and made in the bar. Service has been good every time that I have gone and I love seating in the bar area. Music is also very good. They play a mix of classic rock and popular music of today.
4	This is an excellent steakhouse that doesn't break the bank like some of the top-end places do. We first went to Keg on our honeymoon in Whistler, B.C. and loved it. The food is very good and their steaks are a good quality in both cut and taste. The staff is professional and knowledgeable and steaks actually come out the way you asked! Their escargot is pretty good, not amazing, but pretty good. We really like the mushrooms neptune, too. Their wedge salad is good and is nice to share before dinner. Their portions on both steak and sides are ample. We have always enjoyed our meals here. I will say, I am always a little shocked when I get the bill but that's ok, we consider this to be a "nice night out" without having to travel far from home.
5	This is by far the most awesome steak house I have ever been too.  Ana C recommended the mushrooms neptune and that was amazing.  Please try it.Food was prepared rather quickly.  The drinks were phenominal.  And the garlic mashed potatoes.  YUM.  I'm all hungry again.
2	Very rarely will I crave a steak, but this weekend I was and my husband suggested we try the Keg. I was wearing ripped up bummy jeans, a screen printed t-shirt, my hair in a pony tail from where I had to work all day, and flip flops. Everyone from the hostess, to the waiter, to some random manager guy came by to ask if we were celebrating a special occasion. Is that required to eat in this establishment??  Based on my attire, all signs point to "no", no need for overkill on asking. The dirty martinis were"medicinal". I felt like I would be able to breathe fire after drinking it, but strep throat is going around my office so I am hoping it killed any germs I may have picked up earlier that day.  The wedge salads we both had were good, and our server was super nice and attentive. Unfortunately, we both had the prime rib after the server stated it's what they are known for. Neither was cooked as we requested, and there was more fat than meat on both of our cuts. I know it's a naturally fatty steak, but I like my ratio to be more steak than fat when I am telling myself its ok to splurge.  Also, when the ton of fat is all that's left on the plate, the server shouldn't bother asking if I am still working on it as he takes my husband's plate.After admitting to the server it was our first time in the restaurant when we were first seated, a manager came by, not once, but twice to see how our experience was. Unless you want to have more of a conversation with the employees of the place, instead of who you came with, I wouldn't advise admitting you've never been there. Overall, we weren't impressed. For the price and the ambiance, we'll go to Firebirds next time.
4	Went for my birthday and anniversary, and I was pleased by both the service and the food.  The waiter let me try a  piece of Prime Rib, since I'd never had it before (I know, what have I been missing?!?!), so kudos for going out of his way.Another nice touch was the manager personally coming over to introduce herself and ask about our experience. Overall the service was great, and the food, while tasty, wasn't spectacular or terribly distinguished.  I probably wouldn't come here too often, mainly due to price, unless I have more birthday coupons.
4	Best value in town. You can always get a nice steak with a lobster tail here for around $35. That's a good deal!Try the twice baked potato and order any steak except for the Prime Rib.
4	One of my favorite places! They have a garlic cheese bread that is so delicious it makes my eyes roll to the back of my head. I have fallen in love with their peppercorn steak. So tasty! Excellent service everytime we have gone, though they occasionally have trouble meeting my "well done" request but always make sure I leave satisfied. You can sign up for their email club and they send you a certificate good for a free prime rib dinner. Great place for a celebration dinner, date or just a night out.
4	Although I am limiting meat in my diet, I went to the Keg for a date.I had only been one other time for drinks with a couple of friends and it was nothing worth writing home about really.I think what I really loved this time was the salad.  Yeah, I know, a steak house and I'm blown away by a salad!!  It was the spinach salad with walnuts and cranberries.  It was soooo good.  Of course my little girly sized fillet was incredible too.Oh ... and the date ... yeah it was good too!! ;-P
4	This place is always so right on.  I have never had a bad experience and thought it was about time to write about it.  Just went out for a glass of wine, not great but not bad.  Believe me I have had some bad wine lately and there are so many options, just wish there were a few of my favorites on the list:)  I had the goat cheese and salsa, love it, but then I love goat cheese.  I was disappointed that they do not have the flatbreads any more but the goat cheese is simply divine.  Also had the key lime pie for dessert.  I must say it was so amazingly delicious I can't wait to have it again!  Another disappointment was that they did not have the shots of dessert.  I loved that you could order 3 different dessert tasters and get your fix all in a micro-mini!  Going back tomorrow for dinner:)
3	My frustration level is increasing, so just let me vent for just a minute or 2... Now, I have been to the Keg twice in the past week. How is it that they always run out of the happy hour chips or they throw them away? Really? And why does it take asking 2 different people and then find out they just went in the garbage. Ok I will let that go now!!! Well on this particular visit, it was a bit quieter, not a hip hoppin night that is for sure. I again had a nice glass of wine complimented with the goat cheese and salsa. Yes that was intentional that I put that the goat cheese complimented the wine! I wish they would bring back the flat bread though. There isn't much on the appetizer menu that I care for, so I am limited on that part of the menu. They could be a little more generous with the melba toasts on the goat cheese appetizer. And the key lime pie was delicious again. Though it did appear there was a little bite missing from the end. Maybe our bartender was a little hungry:)
1	Had the filet. It was.. Well nothing to write home about. My friend said no mushrooms, but guess they didn't see the note. Our server was good. But the other staff who kept coming to the table and interrupting our conversation ... Drove me crazy!!  I mean really!!! The manager/ floor supervisor whatever it was, just too much. Trust your servers that they know how to do their job!!!  Once we paid then we really got to talk without getting the '"is every thing good here??" Every 5min!! I have been in the biz for a LONG time and if I had to deal with this kind of work place I would scream!! Food was ok. Server was good. The place Dark. It would be a great "bar" kinda place but not for dine in. I wouldn't go back.
4	Excellent steak, I get the filet without the bacon.  Usually get top notch service and when you call ahead,  not too bad of a wait.
4	Awesome awesome for happy hour, and good looking people after work :-) :-) And great for groups. Beyond that its an average steak joint.
2	Slower than desired service the last two visits. Food is decent. Flat iron steak sauce was very salty.
4	We came here for a steak dinner, knowing it was in a shopping center, on the cheaper side for a steakhouse, and it was going to be casual. We left really impressed by the service and atmosphere and totally under estimated how nice it was. The patio seating here is warm and cozy when the fireplace is lit and its mild out. I would ask to sit there if its not too hot. This place is the perfect location for dinner and a movie as the theatre is right in the same center. Ordered the filet mignon rare and it was pretty fatty. Rare is really rare here just like the menu says, so keep that in mind. The baked potato side was fine, nothing exciting. I really loved the Spinach Salad with the pecans, mandarin oranges and cranberries. The salad dressing was very good. I recommend starting with that. Overall really good attentive service and a great atmosphere for dinner on the patio.
4	I love the keg! I'm a little baffled by the bad reviews, to be honest. I always get the fillet, and it is impeccable. I do not, as a rule, eat red meat. However, about 3 times a year, I make my way over to the keg and get a delicious steak. The asparagus (one of my absolute favorite underrated vegetables) is always amazing, tender, but never undercooked. Their cheesey-garlic bread is also very good (though the last time my mother was there she said they may have changed the recipe). the staff is a little bit overly attentive at times, but at least my drink is never empty!
1	Meh, nothing to be excited over. A co-worker recommended this place to us. When we walked in we were really impressed with the staff, very nice and friendly, however it seems they always ask if its a special occasion, guess we need a reason to be eating steak. Based on my co-workers recommendation I had the teriyaki steak and for appetizer a shrimp cocktail. A few of the shrimp cocktail were warm, not very appetizing, felt like they been in the fridge for quite some time. Next the steak came out. very juicy, however very tasteless with no special seasoning but dipping the nothing special teriyaki sauce. It had a little fat on it, but not much. My wifes steak, which i forgot what she ordered was OK', unfortunately it required the need of A1 sauce to make it tasty, which we all know is a huge insult to a steak house as the steak should be flavorful and great without any sauces. Overall, for the price I would not recommend this place over other chain steakhouses, as I felt we were just paying for the outstanding service and the waiter who endlessly filled my drink when it got low.Update* I got sick from this place...DONT GO!
5	Good, very good meat nice place for a date.  The cut of meat is good, but bring extra money because you will pay it to eat this good grub.
2	Overpriced. Had my first meal here the other night and the menu was pricer than I thought but it wouldn't break the bank eating here so we gave it a shot. I had ribs. They were ok..not great and for $22 I have had better and you only get one side. My french fries seemed not fresh. Surprised for the price you do not get a small salad. My husband got the prime rib which again was ok..not great and we have had better food for less money at Black Angus and Outback. The waitress was annoyingly trying to upsell sides, as if paying $22 for a meal and one side was not enough. We had our 2 year old son with us so we were going to share with him since he never finishes any kids meal. She tried to get us to pay $13 for a kids meal of ribs. Ripoff. After the bread,  and the little fruit plate they gave him he was full anyways. Ovbiously they try to run your bill up since they can make more as a tip but all the attempting upselling was annoying for overpriced food anways.
5	First of all, the food was excellent.  I chose the bleu cheese topped filet mignon (wrapped in bacon) and I believe it was an excellent choice.Their drink menu wasn't very extensive, unless you like wines.  They only have four beers on tap but that's okay because I got to try a Haywire Hefeweizen which I had never had before.  It was decent as well.The keg doesn't get 5-stars for having an exquisite menu by all means.  This location in particular deserves the 5-star rating for its' service alone!  Our party got here at almost 11 at night on a Friday.  I had a long flight so I figured that nobody would even be willing to serve food, but the Keg definitely proved me wrong.  They were more than happy to seat us and the waitress was nothing but delightful.  She even cracked jokes about how the kitchen staff was ready to go home except we ordered food.  At that point I felt a little bit of guilt for trying to get a nice dinner so late.It was a great experience altogether but what really topped it off was the Master Chef coming out.  It was well after 11 at night so I'm sure she was more than welcome to go home but instead she just came to pay a visit to her last table of the night and ask how everything was tasting.Now THAT'S pro!
4	I'm rewriting this review because of the excellent customer service following my 2 star review from February. I was immediately contacted by someone from The Keg after my review asking if I would like to provide more detail. I was happy to oblige. After that I spoke to Dave Campbell, Operations Director. He was apologetic and even let me know they had recently made changes to the restaurant and hoped I would give them another chance. Long story short, my wife and I went back for her birthday last night. It was a great meal. My filet mignon was cooked to perfection. The dessert was spectacular and the service was great. I wish all restaurants took customer service and satisfaction as seriously as The Keg does. I'm a fan!
5	Wife took me here for my birthday dinner.  Had the Prime Rib Classic, and she had the sirloin classic.  Mine was melt in my mouth tender, and so flavorful.  The au jus was more like a terrific steak sauce.  It was thick with the spices that were rubbed on the Prime Rib, and wonderfully zesty.My wife's sirloin came out a bit overdone, but she ate most of it anyway.  When the server asked how dinner was, I mentioned the dryness of my wife's steak.  Even though she had eaten almost two-thirds of it, the server offered to replace it.  She was happy with what she had eaten just that it was on the well side of medium.Manager came by and made the same offer.  We weren't looking for a handout.  Just was providing constructive feedback.  I then saw the manager go back into the kitchen.  She had told us she would mention something to the Kitchen Manager. So I assume that was what she was doing.When the brought the bill, the comped our dessert and drinks.  Didn't expect that.  They really wanted to make sure we were satisfied. Well, I was so satisfied, I decided to get a yelp account and tell all you about it.Kudos to the Keg on Williams Field Rd.  I highly recommend it, and they will be continuing to get my service.  As long as Sherry is still the front end manager.
4	Amazing filet mignon. Amazing.Nice atmosphere until they turned the lights down at which i asked for a lantern but was denied.Wonderful service, absolutely wonderful.Shrimp cocktail is generous and yummy.  Again, good sea food in the middle of the desert, I'm still scratching my head, but try it none the less.Did i mention the filet mignon?  Do it.
5	I took my dad and family here for Father's Day and even though it was a holiday, we only had a 30 minute wait and the service and food was excellent. My dad and I sat in the bar area while we waited to be seated and had a martini and a gin and tonic, both of which were made strong and poured at our table. My parents said it was one of the best steaks they had ever had and they were very happy that it was cooked exactly to order. My mom said she couldn't remember the last time she had had a steak that was actually medium well. I had the Alaskan King crab and it was also cooked well and served with butter sauce that was warmed at your table by a candle. The service was excellent and every waiter there was aware of our table and needs even though they weren't our waiters. Best team work between hostesses, waiters, and management I have ever seen.
4	I really enjoyed our experience at The Keg. The service was good and three out of four of us enjoyed the food.Unfortunately, my mother did not enjoy her sirloin and said it was tough.I'd definitely give this place a try but be prepared for your bill as the four of us spent almost $200 on dinner.
2	While Nikolas was an excellent server, rating the overall experience as average... The bread used to be so wonderful - now it is  like the bread is delivered frozen and then microwaved - at least it tasted that way... The salad was very "vinegary" and the filet was ... "eh". Even the Lobster was less than desirable...Not the keg we remember :-( Carrabba's Italian Grill is ALWAYS reliable and delicious... we may never be back!
4	Had the prime rib and twiced baked potato. Was raised in Vegas...The PR was not "Vegas Hotel" quality but it was good and very tender. My guest had a steak with all the seafood on top and we shared a Lobster appetizer. We both agreed we would come back! Our server was a little gal who was preggers. She was great and made some good recommends for these first timers! I am a gourmet cook and had the pleasure of sitting close to the kitchen. The kitchen ran smoothly (very professional), spic and span ,and was a joy to watch. Overall: Pricey but good especially for occasions!http://spoonfulpersuasion.blogspot.com/
3	Love the atmosphere here.  Service is usually spot on.  Food is great for the prices.  Unfortunately, every time we sit in the bar area to catch a game, have a few glasses of wine, and grab some food, the wait staff is always congregating in the corner.  I have worked in many restaurants in the past and we were never allowed to hangout at the bar area the night of our shift and definitely not in our work clothes.  I never understood that rule, but now do.  It makes it really uncomfortable! They are usually rowdy and I've even seen someone bring a baby in who screamed for a good amount of our visit.  They also do this on the outdoor patio.  We have actually left and/or, begrudgingly, gone to a different place for a relaxing evening.
4	Lobster tail is amazing!  I originally went for the prime rib, which they are known for, and it was good but not especially impressive.  The lobster tail was very impressive - succulent and just the right texture.  As an appetizer, the shrimp with cheeses was good, but too buttery and oily.  The Miner's pie was delicious.
3	After an indepth conversation with the manager, I decided to give this place another try. During happy hour, or before 7pm we arrived at the KEG. The atmosphere again is very pleasant and inviting. It seemed packed on the outside with so many cars that we through it would be crowded inside, but with all the room it has that it did not seem crowded. The hostess was kind and asked if we wanted dining which was a 30 minute wait or the bar. We took the bar of course which serves the same food anyway, as well as has the same great relaxing environment. We took a small booth and settled in. The happy hour menu was small and very weak in the offerings. My wife ordered a glass of wine, while I had one of the fruitier drinks (Pear something). Mine was tasty and perfect. We ordered some appetizers, the spring rolls first. after which we ordered they brought us out baked chips and bread. Enough for a small platoon, we nibbled on each as well as had our yummy spring rolls. So far so good....We ordered the casual dinners which consisted of a 7 oz filet Mignon and fries. Again disappointed with the filet, and had to resort to A1 sauce to get some type of flavor out of the steak, my wife did the same. Overall: For the atmosphere, the appetizers and the drinks this place is worth going, however if your looking for a great steak, this is not the place and for the quality well over priced.
2	Not bad, but not very good. First, I why does "The Keg" not have any beer to speak of? I was dumbfounded to learn they had three beers available. The service was very attentive and both the hostess and our server were great, but everything else was middle of the road at best. The mixed drinks were poorly done and the food was nothing special.
2	We sat at a table for over two and a half hours with a toddler on a Sunday night. They were out of all 6 oz. Steaks I believe. (Size) We to a friend there for his birthday and wished we had gone to Durant's. When they brought the meals, my steak was under cooked and lobster was dry and over cooked. My husband's steak was way overdone. All the manager offered to do was to give us a free dessert!  I haven't had the best experiences here in the past. It is worth it to go to another venue that is not a chain.
4	I'm from New York so when someone suggests a place in a Mall shopping center as a nice place to go for dinner I am hesitant.  This proves I need to be more openminded.While visiting family in Arizona a group of us went to The Keg for drinks and food.  Deciding we didn't want to wait the hour and a half for a table (make a reservation if you're coming here and want to sit in the dining room), we looked at the bar area - packed - then outside which is also open seating and has heat lamps, we found a table.  We had a FANTASTIC server, Ashley, who was really funny and very patient with us (our party kept rolling in and was kind of indecisive when it came to their drinks), and the food was REALLY good.  They have 9 oz wine pours which is pretty fantastic, and their cocktails are incredibly strong.  If you order anything spirit with a mixer, say a Gin and Tonic, they bring you literally a juice glass full of gin and then tonic on the side so... It's pricey for the area, but not by my standards, I actually found it really reasonable.  The name, The Keg, does not really fit, it's a very upscale steakhouse.Great vibe, awesome wait staff, great location, incredible food, wonderful drink selection, and a cool patio area.  Great for a group or a date spot.
2	Really average. I went their for someone's birthday dinner. Everyone kept talking up how special the place was and I was expecting a lot--especially for the price. My food was good. I had the spinach salad with grilled sirloin. The steak was pretty good and the salad was fresh and tasty. However, they didn't put cheese on my salad. They also forgot it on someone else's salad. The salad wasn't cheap enough for them to forget a major component such as goat cheese. My husband had the bleu cheese filet and really liked it. The white truffle macaroni was good but they used oil instead of shaved truffles. It was all good but should have been really special for the price. And--seriously--how can a place called "The Keg" have only five beers on tap; two of which are Blue Moon and Coors Light?The service wasn't that great, either. We asked for steak sauce twice and were almost finished eating when it arrived. The waiters and staff did not step aside and let patrons by. Several times a waiter squeezed passed me brushing up against me. They can't say "excuse me" or slow down for a second? The place wasn't that busy. I won't go back. The food was good but I could get a much more special dining experience for the same price.
3	I ate at the bar, little slow in noticing my presence at the bar, rather expensive for the quality or lack there of. Bartenders were very nice, food mediocre! My filet was a little tough and over cooked from what I ordered . They have two choices for wines by the glass, a 6 oz and a 9 oz. I was not given a choice, the bartender just defaulted to the 9 oz! All said, value perception for the price just not there.T
5	Great customer service and outstanding food. Went here after my graduation and they had a card waiting for me. The manager made a follow up phone call with us several days later to make sure everything was perfect. Blew us away. As for the food, definitively  recommend the prime rib!
3	Love the bellini!!! Steaks are average....prices a lirttle high for what you get.
4	Went to The Keg for an early Valentines day on the 12th.  We were greeted at the door  5 times! (over-kill in my opinion), but at least the staff is making an effort.  I was wearing a black dress, and the hostess switched out my white napkin for a black one to avoid any "fuzzy's" transfering to my dress.  I thought that was a nice touch.  Our server was knowledgable and friendly.  The food was delicious!  Baked goat cheese appetizer is the best,  I order it every time.  I strongly recommend anyone that hasn't eaten here yet...Needs to.
4	My wife and I frequent the KEG quite often since moving from NJ.  I can summarize our experience in six words: (a) great ambiance, (b) good food, and (c) excellent service.  We prefer to sit outside or in the bar.  The servers always make an effort to learn our name and spend time talking with us at the table.   We really enjoy this place and will continue to visit.
5	My wife and I have been to this location twice in the past 6 months and the service and food quality have been top notch.  They have a wonderful ooutdoor patio that we love to visit.  This past Saturday we went to the Gilbert location to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  We had a wonderful time.  The service was top notch and the food quality was perfect.  When we ordered desert, they GM appeared and told us to enjoy our deserts as they were on them, and they brought us a small bottle of champagne to share.  AWESOME!! We will go back and will continue to take our family to this location for lunch and dinner.  Thank You Keg staff!
4	Absolutely loved the steak here. Ordered the New York, it was $27 with potato and salad. I must say I was shocked at the quality of the steak. It was cooked (med rare) to perfection and had incredible flavor. I've paid 3 times as much for steaks that had nothing on this one. I was beyond pleasantly surprised and will definitely be back. My only complaint would be that the place is called The Keg yet their selection of beer wasn't what I expected.
1	Very disappointed on our last visit.  Prefer the Tempe location for both customer service and food.  We were celebrating my wife's birthday, after waiting for more than an hour on the patio in the heat, we learned that the prime rib was sold out.  The waiter was great (Don) but the manager was poor when asked a service question.  Will not visit this location in future, back to Tempe.  food was over seasoned... too salty
3	Good drinks! Bruschetta was great, very tasty Balsamic to accompany it! We sat in the patio during happy hour over all the happy hour  specials are not that great and if you sit on the patio please note there is a busy intersection near by, but I'm sure as business picks up the car noise may drown out however we were there from 4-530 And it was a bit loud. Ordered prime rib, twice bake potato. Drinks to try are the forbidden fruit and Miami haze, pretty tasty.
4	Consistantly great food, service is hit and miss but always friendly.  We usually get steak dishes, always prime and cooked perfectly.  Great choice for a special night out, fireplaces for cooler weather and misters on the large patio.
3	The food is good, and there's a pretty good atmosphere in the bar, I feel it's a bit overpriced, though. Most importantly, for a place called "The Keg", their beer selection is seriously lacking.
5	The Keg gets 5 Tickled Pink Stars!This is absolutely one of my favorite restaurants!  The food, the ambiance and the service is what keeps me coming back.  It is a little more expensive, but I consider this place a treat!My husband and I recently indulged ourselves for my birthday at the Desert Ridge location.  We usually visit The Keg at San Tan Marketplace, but have also been to the Chandler Fashion Square location.Two of my must haves? Mushrooms Neptune and the Creme Brulee!  We've enjoyed a great steak before with an amazing flavor...cooked just right.  Every visit we've enjoyed either up at the bar or in a booth in the bar.  I'm still wondering what the restaurant looks like. LOLWe will be back again and again!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE  The Keg...my boyfriend and I come here as often as we can to enjoy amazing food, awesome service and a great patio.  You can never go wrong with the Orange Martini..everything we have ever eaten has been fantastic - from the salads to the steaks.  The boyfriends favorite - the baseball cut steak.  I am a lobster fan myself, but anything you get well certainly be great.The service is also outstanding.  We were here a few weeks ago to celebrate his birthday and our anniversary and the manager brought out champagne and a free desert. It was a very nice touch that made our night special. They have certainly earned our repeat business!Oh, the weeknight happy hour specials are also great!!
5	Love the Keg. Consistently good service, food, and atmosphere. Regardless of being in the bar or patio. Even the Keg in Vancouver, and other cities rock. Favorite appetizer is the Mushroom Neptune. Try the Orange Slice Martini, or the cinnamon girl.
5	(Inside) ambiance was very nice for a large restaurant.  I had the blue cheese crusted, bacon wrapped filet mignon.  Ordered it medium and it was cooked perfectly.  Very, very tasty steak.  Also had the twice baked potato and that was very well done as well.  It was all what I expected for the price that your paying.  Very good meat.
3	Much better than the abomination that is Outback.  Better than Firebirds.  Not as good as Ruth's Chris or Flemings.Great place for lunch as the burgers are great (although the fries are not good).  For dinner, it's ok.  The wedge salad is forgettable.  The crab stuffed mushrooms were pretty good, but a little too much cream cheese.  The sides (mashed potatoes for my wife and a loaded baked potato for myself) were ok.    The steak (bone in rib-eye for myself and a filet for my wife) were very flavorful.  Although not prime cuts, the preparation was very nice.  I usually prefer broilered steak.  This was the first time I really enjoyed a fire grilled steak.  An added plus was that the rib eye actually was mostly eye.  A lot of places will give you a rib eye and the eye is as big as my thumb.  Not here.   I appreciated that.
3	Food was good. We sat on the patio and itWas cold. Service was very very very slow. Steak and shrimp was really good. Salmon was very good too
3	The food was great, but I could get the same food and quality at other restaurants for much less. The dark atmosphere was almost too dark, but that seems to be an issue at a lot of restaurants, though.
2	I ate here tonight with my wife and the food was average at best.  We had a couple of appetizers which were okay, the crab cakes were delicious, but the scallops wrapped in bacon were so small the bacon overwhelmed the dish.  The steak for me was the biggest disappointment.  I got the rib steak, ordered it rare, it came medium rare, but as we had a movie to get to afterwards I let it slide.  The quality of the steak was not good at all, it was tough and not seasoned well.  If I had paid $15 for it I would not complain, but when you pay $35 for a steak, you expect it to be decent, and as I said it was less than average.   My wife's steak was dry but cooked perfectly. The service was great, but honestly the overall experience was the quality you expect from a place like Applebee's, you just pay a lot more for it.
4	This is an awesome place for a terrific steak with great service in the East Valley.  While it will cost a little more than the Outback or some other place that hands you a bucket of peanuts to start, you get what you pay for - ambiance, great service and a perfect steak.  My wife has been cutting back on her red meat intake, and she absolutely loves the Thai Chicken.  I love their prime rib, and their sirloins are truly amazing.  They have a great patio area that fills up quickly and you can order from the full menu in the bar, so when we are feeling a little more casual, we'll belly up to the bar and still enjoy great food and catch a game on TV.While I don't believe they have a dress code, I don't feel out of place dressing up or going casual.
2	Just came back from a very disappointing experience.  Waited 45 minutes on a Wednesday night.   Sat near the bar and ordered appetizers while we waited for dinner.  Wine was nice and average price.  Fried calamari was overcooked and rubbery.  Sent it back.  Replacement appetizer didn't arrive until 20 minutes later.  At that point, we didn't even want it.  Sat down to dinner and ordered filet mignon and lobster tail.   Meat was wrapped in rubbery/almost raw bacon.  Bearnaise sauce was cold.  Lobster tail was overcooked and dry.  Mashed potatoes were the highlight unfortunately.   Ordered cheesecake which was awful!  Tasted like out of a box from a supermarket freezer...had a fake gelatin like after taste.  Left the restaurant upset having spent $225 for three people...wow - food was just a few pegs above Applebees - really!  The back room they put us in was barren, dark and depressing.  For this kind of money, we would have also expected tablecloths and candles or flowers.   Wait staff was excellent by the way.Won't be back unless its for a quick Kobe burger.  Had one of those the last time and it was really nice and reasonably priced.   Cathy L.
3	Hey Keg!!  Fire your hostess staff!  My husband made a reservation at the Keg for a Sunday night prior to Christmas.  When he called, he was hung up on & then he was placed on hold several times before someone took his reservation.  When we arrived, our reservation was not on the book and the hostesses insinuated he was some sort of moron that called the wrong Keg at which point he showed them their phone number on his cell phone call list.  After admitting that he called the correct Keg, they gave us a vibrating beeper and told us they would find a table.  We were seated about 15 minutes later.  As we were being seated, the hostess asked, "have you been here before?"  We replied, "no" and she walked away.  Why did she ask?  Our server was amazing, but the hostess staff needs to go.  To the Keg management...there are plenty of pretty, young women that also have customer service skills and half a brain.  Maybe you should hire some of them instead.
5	We came here earlier this month for my wife's birthday dinner. We've eaten here a couple of times before so not a first time experience. I just want to say the prime rib is amazing! Along side with a loaded baked potato also amazing! They even gave us free cheesecake!A nice place to have a good dinner with great service. I will be back for sure:)
4	Terrific food and relaxing environment. Prime rib is exceptional, only downside is they aren't open for lunch.
5	Fantastic steakhouse. It has everything Flemings has with the same quality but within a five minute drive of my doorstep and at least 15-20% less expensive. We usually eat here on holidays (Christmas Eve, Easter and birthdays) when visitors come to town and the occasional happy hour which puts us there 12-15 times a year.
1	I've been two separate times recently and both times are orders are no where close to correct.  Most recent visit- Steak was not cooked anywhere close (not to mention they disregard the "hold the bacon" every time on the order) to my liking after cutting into it, so they took it back and proceeded to cook it more.  Only problem, was they used the same steak which was cut into and then dried out.  The side of roasted potatoes magicially changed into mushrooms, but since the rest of my party was done eating, I just ate the dried out steak.  Sure, the manager bought us an appetizer and covered my steak, but I go there for great food, not free food.
5	Excellent service, the patio was beautiful.  The meat is very tender and flavorful. Yummy wedge salad!
1	Looks nice and upscale but the food is beyond awful. I have been to other locations and the food was nothing to rave about but the service was ok at this location the service was even worse than the food. I will never ever ever ever go back. The veggies were cooked to the point of mush... the filet was over cooked and just a terrible cut of filet... I was waiting for someone to come out and tell us we just had walmart steaks.. save your money.. eat local fuck chains.
2	Really disappointed.  It was our anniversary dinner (12 years yay!), we ate out on the patio.  The atmosphere was very nice, wonderful weather, quiet, enjoyable in that respect.  However, I ordered the prime rib and prawns, and my husband ordered the ribeye.  He said his ribeye was good, but no better than Texas Roadhouse.  It said it was served with rice pilaf, which it wasn't it was wild rice.  My prime rib was horribly overcooked and dry, although had nice flavor, and my prawns were undercooked, but again good flavor.  I did eat the prawns the way they were, but could not choke down the steak being so over done, so I said something.  One of our waitresses (we were passed back and forth between 3), siad she'd get me a new one.  They did bring a new one which was cooked correctly, however it was still dry and this one had no flavor at all.  I don't EVER spend $30 on an entree for myself and was very disappointed that this was such a let down after so many friends had raved over it.  Our calamari appetizer was good.  Our drinks were only refilled once and glasses sat empty for a good long time.  After the prime rib was replaced, that was that, nothing off the tab, no apology, no dessert on the house, NOTHING.  For what we paid, the food was just okay and definitely not worth the high price tag by any means.  I doubt we will return in the future.  The only reason I would choose here over something like Texas Roadhouse would be the atmosphere, but even at that, I far prefer better food at a better price with better service over atmosphere.
5	A week before my birthday and our first anniversary(same day) We decided to go to the Keg for dinner! We mentioned  to the waiter that we were excited leaving to Napa in a few days for  the celebrations! They brought us two glasses of champagne for our anniversary And a lovely slice of Keylime pie for us to share with a candle  for my birthday! Great food,service and ambience! Thank you
2	Way overpriced. Mustard salmon is weird and I generally love mustard. Service has been horrendous/rude at times. Desserts are so-so ... Go to Cheesecake Factory. Also, twice baked potato that waitress recommended was way overcooked and flavorless.
4	We have been to the Keg at San Tan several times and have always enjoyed it. Went there a few weeks ago for my birthday and there was a slight issue with my steak being overcooked. I ordered it medium rare, our waiter thought I said medium well. They could not have been more accommodating, they replaced the steak and brought out one that was cooked to absolute perfection. Our waiter was top notch, admitted the mistake and took care of it with precision. The manager on duty made sure that we were happy and went above and beyond. We'll be going back for sure.
5	My husband and I have been here twice both times it has been wonderful! This is one of my favorite steakhouses in the area!
5	Love this steak house!  Great variety of cuts, always cooked as requested.  As a gal, the portion is large for me, so I have lunch left overs the next day. The sides are yummy (salads, garlic mashed...) Enjoy a glass of wine in the bar while waiting for your table.
2	The Keg at San Tan Village, Gilbert, AZ - Thursday Sept 5th, 2013, about 7:00pm. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.I have been a huge fan of this Keg for many years, so that's what inspired me to write this review. In our party of five I ordered the Classic Filet, medium. When it arrived the first few bites were OK, but on the 3rd or 4th bite I bit into some grizzle. I thought that was odd, being that this was a filet mignon, but I decided to ignore it and kept eating. The last 1/8 of the steak however, turned out to be one big piece of grizzle. That's when I stopped eating and mentioned it to the waiter who in turn called over the manager (he did not offer his name, I did not ask). That's where the biggest disappointment came. I explained the problem to him, and tried to show him how tough the last piece was. He seemed uninterested in examining the offending piece of meat. As if reading from a prepared script for disgruntled diners, he admitted that once in a while a little "silver skin" may escape the notice of the chef (this remaining piece was easily 1/2" thick). And then he proceeded to lecture me TWICE about how I should have let them know early on so they could have corrected the problem, completely ignoring that the problem piece was at the end of the meal. It felt as if he was implying that I was trying to scam a free meal.To their credit, they took the meal off the bill, which was the right thing to do, and no else in out party had a bad meal. But grizzle in a filet? Really? I have never encountered grizzle in filet mignon. There are plenty of other steak places in our area to try out - DC Steakhouse comes to mind - but The Keg has slipped a notch, a BIG notch, in my book. It's a real shame.
2	I have been here 3 times in hopes of it being fantastic just one time. But honestly it never has. I tried 3 different steaks each time, their black tiger shrimp, their stuffed mushroom appetizer, their calamari, their goat cheese appetizer, and all were okay. Nothing to rave about. The best items out of all those listed were perhaps the calamari and the goat cheese. I have had WAY better steaks elsewhere. Not much flavor to them. For the prices I expected more. I probably won't be back. Service is great. But if you are looking for an awesome, melt in your mouth steak, this is not the place.
5	Just went for a steak. The customer service was excellent the manager came out ask us how our food was it was prepared perfectly I give it 10 thumbs up.
5	Great steak! Great food! Great wine! My wife and I enjoy this place greatly and love to eat here. Service is great too. Ask for your steak to be peppercorn! It's awesome when they do this to any steak you pick.
5	It was our 1 year anniversary so my bf made reservations to come here. Neither of us have ever been so why not give it a try!? Once we told them our name we were happily greeted and directed to our seats. They had a happy anniversary card waiting for us which was sweet. Everything sounded amazing and my bf suggested the 8oz pecan sirloin with garlic potatoes. He ordered 7 oz bleu cheese filet and veggies. We also ordered a spinach salad and split that. Words don't describe the service and the food! They brought us out a mocha Oreo billy m. pie as a surprise as well. Blanca was our waitress and we had high praises for her when the manager came over. All in all a highly competitive steakhouse with your traditional Scottsdale restaurants. I'd bypass them any day to come back to the keg! Keep up the great service and amazing food!
5	We eat here a lot and I can't say enough about this place!  The food is always excellent and consistent.  The service is exceptional 80% of the time and very good the other 20%.  We are huge patio diners and this is one of our favorites.  The happy hour prices and large wine servings CAN'T be beat!Our ONLY complaint is that they don't formally seat on the patio, it's first come first serve which can get a little brutal and uncomfortable for those waiting for a table and those sitting at a table enjoying their meal with people staring at them waiting for them to leave.
5	Visited 10/28/113.I have been several times in the past. I have not had a bad meal or service at any time. Shared a dinner salad which was huge. One was enough for the two of us. I ordered the Baseball Sirloin which was cooked just perfect.  I also had the Clam Chowder.  I am not really a fan of corn in my Chowder, but this still was very good. Service was great.  We were able to sit outside as it was just cool enough. The price may be just slightly more than you might get at the next steakhouse that is a step down.  But lately, we have not been getting good steaks at the lower priced competitors.  For the money and quality, this a great place for a good steak.
1	This place sucks bad food and over priced you can you get better steaks at Texas Road House and for half the price I would never eat here again
3	Food and drink have always been great. Service usually is, too, but there is a bartender tonight (Alexis) who is beyond unpleasant and rude. She slammed my boyfriend's drink down without a word. She's passed patrons on to another bartender all night. Flat out rude.
5	The first night I moved here I took 8 people here just before closing. Typically that's considered RUDE and the servers treat you as such. Our server was OUTSTANDING. She had the BEST attitude, the food was delicious, the drinks were STRONG. Mind you it was our first sit down meal after 4 days drive cross country and we were famished, so any food would have been good but we looked like bums, they didn't prejudge. On top of that they took AMAZING care of my 5 year old sister even though it was way passed her bed time, and were SO SWEET! Other servers came by to check on us, they worked SO much as a team. They let us sit in their comfy lounge  chairs even for dinner and pulled up extra chairs and tables, so we had enough space for the massive amount of food. Bathrooms and bar were SO CLEAN and very nice decor to boot. All in all, I ended up leaving a $75 tip if that tells you anything more. :) I'll be back!
3	My husband and I have eaten here before and had pretty good meals, but last night must have been an off night for the kitchen.  The asparagus were over cooked and the shrimp weren't properly cleaned.  I'll give the restaurant another shot, but probably at a different location.
5	We ate here last night and had a great experience. We started off in the pub first while we waited for our table. The drinks came fast and with some home made chips. The service by Aaron in the dining romm was outstanding! We ordered the specials and they were cooked to perfection! I highly recommend the Keg for a great night! Enjoy!
5	I love this place! The food was great and the service was awesome it's in a great location.
2	So we decided to go to The Keg last night because my friend was sick and could not go out for her birthday so no dinner plans and nothing  prepared. We have eaten here before and loved it. Ordered the goat cheese appetizer, they changed it (not as good as before). But my biggest complaint is I asked for my Salmon to be cooked as rare as they allow it to be cooked. The waiter said "It will be medium rare which is very moist and juicy, is that okay". It came out so dry I was unable to eat it. Now I'm telling you when he was serving it he had to know it looked dry. By the time the waiter said anything to me about the Salmon on my plate everyone else was done eating. Its just frustrating to me when you request something cooked one way and it is cooked the complete opposite.
5	Service and food were awesome! Highly recommend the French onion soup. Can't wait to come back.
5	One of my family's favorite restaurants! We love eating here all the time. We are going to go again this weekend. The staff is always super kind, efficient on bringing food out on time, courteous and the food itself is divine. 100% recommended! I don't, however, recommend the Chandler location. We visited there once and our server was super rude. The San Tan location though, two thumbs way way up!
1	There's a Seinfeld episode where the gang attempts to eat at chinese restaurant.  They give their name to the host and are then told it will just be a few moments.  As time goes by people who come in after them are seated.  They ask the host again how long it will be and are told it will just be a few moments.  At the end of the day they leave the restaurant without eating and in the closing scene of the show, after they've left, the host calls their name.While my experience at the Keg was not exactly the same, it was similar enough that my jaws tightened down so hard that I had to leave before eating.So what happened?Walkin and put my name on the list.  I'm told it will just be a few moments as they prepare the table.  Ok no problem.I sit, I wait.  People come in after me.  The folks after me (same size party, no reservation) are seated.  I ask the hostess what's up.  Oh we're preparing your table.Another group after me (no reservation) is seated.  I didn't bother to ask what's up.Finally, they say our table is ready.  We walk back to the far end of the restaurant only to find they want to seat us at a table large enough to seat an offensive line of an NFL team.  I needed space for three...not three hundred.  We ask about the table behind us...a four top.  Oh...you have to go back to the hostess station while we sort it out.  WTF!!!!!  My jaw is so tight its starting to hurt and I'm about to achieve orbital velocity.  I've got to leave or I'm going to pop.  I pass the hostess station, hit the door and keep on going.Now, the place isn't that crowded (its before 5:00 PM.  But for some reason we can't accommodate a simple request without going to the front of the restaurant.   WFT...again????The food my be good here, but I don't know and I won't ever know.A zero is appropriate here but that's not a choice.
3	This place is trying to be really fancy, but I would consider it only to be a slightly "fancier" steakhouse than Outback (based on the decor, what they make the hostesses wear, prices, etc.).  And just judging on the food, I'd rather eat at Outback!  I think the steaks at Outback are better, as well as the sides, like the mashed potatoes, veggies, and other dishes.  Plus the Outback bread is way better than the sour dough they serve.I ordered the prime rib burger and the mashed potatoes as a side.  The burger was decent, the regular stuff you'd expect.  I wish the patty was a little more flavorful.So overall, just a regular, decent restaurant.  You could definitely do worse, but I don't envision myself making too many return trips here.
5	I came to the keg with a group of friends. I've never had a bad meal here but tonight was not great. Three of them got steak and loved it but I got salmon and it was awful! Super dry and over cooked. Also the bell peppers were fermented. The manager came out and apologized and removed the meal from our tab. The manager was very professional and nice. Other than those two things everyone seemed to enjoy their meal. I would recommend this restaurant to a friend but tell them to stick with a steak.
5	After several visits for varying events, including appetizers, happy hour, or a date this is a great place.Cost efficient for the ambiance, service and food quality.  Not anywhere near what you would pay at some other steakhouses and just as good.The escargot, steak, lobster and sides are all enjoyable.  The french onion soup is sweeter than I prefer but that is preference and it is a good bowl of soup.The service has always been remarkable at this location.  The fact that it has a large patio and the bar side of the restaurant is extremely spacious makes this my favorite of The Keg locations.
1	If I could give a zero I would. But I suppose the cheese bread appetizer deserves a little glory. Tonight my husband and I decided to go to the keg for dinner. We had been here once before and the service and food was wonderful, so i was excited, I didn't expect that a horrible experience was in store. He ordered a steak rare, also explained to our waitress that he prefers it like purple rare. I ordered a steak medium, explaining I know how temperatures vary from restaurant to restaurant but I like medium rare to medium. His steak came out medium and to say mine was medium well is putting it kindly. We explained to our waitress that while everything was lovely both of our steaks were quite over cooked. The manager comes out and explained they were cooking us a new steak, that half of my husbands was cooked to temp while the other was over cooked and mine was considered a medium by the kegs standards but he would get it to my liking. Our steaks came out and my husbands was good, not quite how he like it but he ate it and was ok, mine came out purple centered which I figured is rare to most steak houses not medium rare+ but by this time I was just done and ready to go home. The manager checked with us and asked if things were ok but when my husband is basically ready to go home I am not going to take the time to have my steak cooked back up to temperature so he can sit and watch me eat my dinner. The manager said ok and he offered to get us boxes, ten minutes later our waitress finally shows up to check on us, we ask for boxes because the manager never came back and tell her we would like our check. Close to five minutes later she brings the boxes and then asks if we would like dessert, we said no thank you but we would like our check. She leaves and another five+ minutes go by and she comes out with our check. She tells us her manager comped our appetizer for our troubles, but on the check she brings us nothing was comped, we didn't really care so we placed our debit card in anyways waiting to pay, it takes her several more minutes to return with the correct check and then she decides to leave it for our review instead of just taking our payment so we could leave. Finally she returns and we were able to pay and leave. Our waitress was very kind but not the level I would expect from a place like the keg especially on a Saturday night. We barely made it home before my husband was getting sick, needless to say we threw all leftovers away and wished we had just cooked at home. What a waste of time and money.
5	My family and I have been to The Keg several times and have loved it every time. The food is excellent and the ambiance is nice while still being kid friendly. Our steaks were cooked perfectly and my daughter loves the burgers. Really love going here as a nice date night and highly recommend it.
4	We gave the Keg another try and I had to update my review. Food was great, atmosphere inviting and service was awesome. I had the lobster and filet and both were  cooked to perfection. My son had the chicken and ribs and my husband had the end-cut prime rib. Goat cheese appetizer has been removed from the menu and replaced with a baked brie that everyone should try.
5	We celebrated a special occasion here. We sat on the patio -- weather was pleasant. Katy waited on us and took super good care of us! Turns out that she had waited on us a year ago for the same special occasion. Justin treated us specially with a Champagne split! The food was excellent -- tasty, well-prepared, hot, and well-served. We had the Santa Fe Chicken Dip for an appetizer, the Peppercorn New York and the Dungeness Manhattan entrees, a nice bottle of Molly Dooker Two Left Feet wine, and the outrageous Billy Miner Pie for dessert. Took leftovers home. This place is a class act -- we plan to return frequently!
5	This is always my birthday dinner stop! the prime rib is outstanding!! this time I got the turf & surf! service is what you would expect from a steak house of this caliber. prompt, friendly and ready with the drinks!!!
5	I Love the 1 star reviews--Comedy! "My NY Steak was less than 1/2" thick.."(doubt it) or "I had to park ONE HUNDRED yards away..." (exercise) or "our table was so BIG!..." (I hate elbow room, so I will complain and go back to waiting for a smaller table)Our visit was great, also $25 off for your birthday is AMAZING! My wife's birthday was 2 days before mine so our server brought us a huge piece of Kona ice cream cake for her. Hope you can filter though the dum-dum reviews, this is a nice place Our 10 oz Filet was cooked to perfection and the King Crab was great. Order the crab cakes, split the dinner meal (with salad/grilled veggies/mashed potatoes), and enjoy your date night. PS, the Blueberry Mule cocktail is addicting.
2	After our terrible experience, management made things right by sending out a gift card and inviting us to come back. We finally went back and used our gift card. The food was mediocre at best and service was still poor. Needless to say I think our dining at the keg has ended.
5	Such a great steakhouse. Beautiful ambiance. The blue cheese crusted filet is my favorite. The wine list is great. Everyone is nice. But I guess when your spending $100 for one meal they should be right?!?
5	Been here a bunch of times. The food is awesome service is fantaatic . There is a reason you have to wait.  I had prime rib and lobster my last visit and it was very very good. Lobster was very good and prime rib was cooked perfectly.
5	It was my first time to The Keg, and it was amazing. The food was delicious, my prime rib was cooked perfectly. Excellent service, our server Justin was witty and very efficient. I would definitely recommend!
5	Great service!!! I usually eat my protein last and when I noticed they undercooked my steak, I had politely asked if they could put it on the grill again for a couple minutes. No big deal to me. But the manager came out with a whole new plate including all the sides I had already devoured and comped us dessert. They really go above and beyond. Their food is great but their service is 5-stars.
5	Being Canadian, you should've seen the smile on my face when I saw a Keg in Gilbert of all places! Classic menu, just like the one back home. Glad I found you!
2	After our terrible experience, management made things right by sending out a gift card and inviting us to come back. We finally went back and used our gift card. The food was mediocre at best and service was still poor. Needless to say I think our dining at the keg has ended.
4	Great good and great happy hour. The kind of screwed things up at another location, and were very professional about making things right. We ended up at this location next time around as it was closer. Great good and great happy hour.Hostess and cocktail waitresses need to realize they are in gilbert, az...not New York City. Dressed a little silly if you ask me.
4	DELICIOUS but NOT FOR CELIACS.  I have loved The Keg as a place to go for a couple glasses of wine and appetizers. Dinners are delicious, but pricey - and for us, reserved for special occasions. Appetizers are delicious, but pricey for the amount you get EXCEPT for the loaded Nachos - you get more than enough for two, usually with leftovers. Now, with that being said... I was recently diagnosed with Celiac Disease. Not 'gluten intolerance or gluten sensitivity' - but the former which is much more serious. I can NOT have anything that has gluten or has been contaminated by gluten. The Keg has a symbol next to their 'Gluten Free' options, but Buyer Beware: Most of the options are fried in the same oil with floured/battered foods - and thus, are contaminated with Gluten. In other words - potato chips, corn chips, anything deep fried, is fried in the same oil as flour battered foods. The ONLY appetizer available to me - Gluten Free - was the Shrimp Cocktail: Five large shrimp with their delicious in-house made sauce. However, there is no way to know if it WASN'T contaminated by gluten, because:  To be truly gluten free, all gluten free foods must be prepared on a separate station and cooked separate from gluten foods, and I'm sure The Keg does not go to that extreme. // In summary: It's a great place to go, especially during Happy Hour (if you're on a budget), but sadly for me, I am restricted as to where I can eat, which is NOT The Keg's fault. They just need to correct their menu and remove the Gluten Free Symbol from the foods that are contaminated or cooked with Gluten foods.
4	Love this Keg my favorite of all in Arizona!! The French onion soup is Amazing the the pepper corn stake as well! Staff is very friendly and knowledgable about their menu!
5	Great steak! Picked up the peppercorn steak which was to die for! Excellent bread as a starter and the caesar salad with lemon was amazing. Mike, our server, was helpful and really made for a pleasant visit. Great steak house.
5	My favorite place in the whole world! I love coming here for date nights or just a night with girlfriends. My husband even proposed to me here at this location. The food is always delicious, the cocktails are to die for and the staff has always been super friendly! I enjoy the atmosphere and location. Truly one of the best places in town for dinner.
5	Took a chance & went there for the first time for our anniversary. The Keg did not disappoint! The shrimp & lobster salad was amazing and the steak blew us out of the water! The waiter was very professional, friendly, and helpful.Will definitely go back - especially when we want a good steak!
5	We are fans of the Keg and last night we went with some friends.  It was a party of six and it was a very busy night between homecoming and it just being a Saturday night.  We were initially told it would be about an hour wait so we headed straight for the bar.  We ordered drinks and within 20-30 minutes our buzzer rand to tell us our table was ready.  We were surprised.We sat in the dining room and had a really nice server.  I can't remember her name but she was good and friendly.  We ordered our food and then had salads shortly there after.  A while later, our food came.  All was as it was supposed to be and very good.  We were then informed by the manager who came by to talk to us, that the food took way longer than it should have and that she'd like to give us all dessert.  Here is the thing, we barely noticed, nor did we complain.  We were having great conversation and didn't even notice that it took a while.  I thought that was excellent customer service.  To offer us free desserts without us even making a peep was very nice.  We got our desserts which were all very good as well.The food has always been good any time we have been to this Keg.  The steaks are tender and flavorful.  The service has always been good and despite the fact that it took a little longer than usual last night, the service was excellent.  I am a fan of The Keg.
4	This restaurant is a very nice place to go for celebrations something special. With that being said the service is superior to the service at most places.I began with the spinach salad which was okay but I felt the dressing had no flavor at all. I was excited for the pistachio crusted salmon. I was disappointed that my order was wrong and I did not get the garlic mashed potatoes. I had asked to sub the Brussels sprouts for mixed veggies. The salmon was oven roasted and had no flavor. The maple butter sauce I had in the side was tasteless as well. While the presentation was beautiful the meal itself was average.The filet steak however was cooked to perfection. It nearly melt in your mouth. The flavor was amazing. This was what I expected from the salmon. The twice baked potato was excellent.The dessert menu was okay but not terrific on the choices. Seemed average.Yes I would go back but next time I would not have the salmon.
4	Have been here a few times and this is the great review I have left.  It gets fairly busy here but patio is open seating and we were able to find a table within 15 minutes.  The patio/bar area is very large so you shouldn't have a problem and there is a nice seating area around a fire pit as well that just adds to why sitting outside is the fall is the way to go.  While everyone was friendly my only grip was that service was a bit slow, but it wasn't anything that ruined the night.  We ordered our meal and while mine was excellent, ( steak cooked a perfect medium-rare ) with excellent mixed vegetables.  My girlfriend ordered a sirloin and she wanted it medium-rare, but it was clear once she cut into that is was very rare.  While she did her best to eat around the rarest parts we did mention this to our server.  This next part is why I'll come back.  While they offered to re-cook her steak she graciously declined since we had to leave.  The waitress then came back and had offered us two free desserts as a small consolation prize.   While it was incessant we were more than pleased with the service provided and will have no reservation about ever coming back.
1	Didn't even get to try. I called ahead because I could tell from driving up it was extremely busy. The lady on the phone stated there was an open table on the patio, I literally jumped out of my boyfriends car on the street closest to the restaurant & quickly went to the patio. Walked around like an idiot & found NO table. When I went to ask the hostesses at the front instead of them apologizing they just seemed to have attitude. It's obviously their scripted response. But I wouldn't have rushed if it was just a lie! Not impressed. Not sure if I'll be going back.
4	Good midrange steak house in Gilbert, Az. Better than average customer service, with customary mid to high-end style decor. Good place to take visitors or a date.  I've been here a number of times, seeing as I live just around the corner and don't always want to drive into Phoenix or Scottsdale for a Steak. As mentioned in other reviews, The Keg is better than many of the other chain steak houses out there, but not on the level of a Steak 44, or Ruth's Chris. I've had the rib eye, prime rib, and a few of their sides.  I've also stopped in for an occasional drink, as they have a full bar with decent bar tenders.  This most recent visit , me and my cousin were waited on by a very bubbly and pleasant young lady. I believe her name was Hollee (name on the receipt), and she put our visit over the top.  She was fun to chat with,  although she did poke some fun at our "old guy drinks." Personally, I will ask for her section again on my next visit. Progressing through dinner, we start with the salads. I've had the Caesar and the wedge. The Caesar was a bit wilted for my liking, but the wedge was a bit more crisp and enjoyable. The steaks have a seemingly common steak house style rub, and have always been on point with the temperature that I order. Never over cooked, as I like my steaks medium rare. The prime rib has a flavorful rub, with a basic au jus. Both items have been enjoyable.Sides are where the chain restaurant kitchen rears its ugly head. The twice baked potato has a good flavor, and is generally my "go to" side, albeit nothing truly epic. The mixed vegetables are just ho hum and rather bland. I've yet to try any of their desserts, although they do look good. I generally settle for one of their after dinner drinks from the bar (I will update this review, if things change). I do enjoy the Keg Attitude Coffee.So the final answer..? One of the better places around the San Tan Village Mall. Yes I would recommend it, and I will be back again.
4	Nice atmosphere and service is great!
4	We went to The Keg last night to celebrate my birthday (and, no, I'm not saying which one!) and our friends' 40th wedding anniversary.  We wanted steak and quiet.  We got the steak!  It was outstanding.  But my friend had the stuffed chicken and I thought it was even better than my steak!  Besides the opportunity to celebrate with our friends, our server Justin was a high point for the evening.  He balanced being attentive and friendly with giving us our space.  Great job, Justin!We had a reservation and we were seated immediately upon arrival -- even on a busy Saturday evening.  Service, busing, food delivery, dessert, coffee -- everything just clicked all evening.The only negatives...my favorite appetizer is no longer on the menu :(  And it was very loud.  At first the music was really loud and the patrons were even louder to be heard over the music.  As it cleared out though, the noise level abated and we had a much easier time talking.  Thanks, Justin; you and The Keg made it a great celebration for all of us!
3	Service is really good, but I'm not that impressed with their food.  I've had better sourdough bread and butter.  I hate that whipped butter, it seems fake to me.  The rolls are mass produced, boring, no character.  It's a chain, I get it.  I have a love of really good sourdough, and this doesn't cut it.I had the prime rib and the au jus had too many herbs in it.  That was the first time I'd ever experienced it that way, and I didn't really care for it.  The meat was cooked well.  I asked for a baked potato with butter, sour cream, and chives.  No bacon.  It came out with bacon and no chives.  The quickly fixed it, so not really a huge deal, but then left the bacon potato on the table the rest of the dinner.  I don't really want to look at the potato with the bacon I didn't want for the rest of my meal.  It's a fine restaurant for celebrations if you like to go to chains.  I prefer something more unique.
5	Food is so good! Get a steak, not chicken or fish. It may be a little more expensive than other comparable steak houses the quality is far better than others I've had.  So, it'll be well worth it.  The prime rib amd New York steaks are my favorites. The prime rib is made that day, fresh, so sometimes it sells out early. No reserve. The wait staff and management is always on their game. If you have a complaint they are serious about it and want to make it right. The weekend and holidays are crazy so be sure to make a reservation in advance.  Long wait times for the dinner rush is typical and even longer for special occasions like Valentines Day and Mothers Day. Great atmosphere. They dim the lights after a certain hour. If the weather is nice out make sure to sit outside. Really nice ambiance but, if you want something more fun then sit in the bar. It's open seating and can feel more like a club there's so many people on a Friday night. There's fireplaces throughout and tvs in the bar with DirecTV but none outside or the main restaurant. They have a good selection for happy hour food and drinks. The parking lot assigned to the restaurant is a bit small so you may have to park across and walk over.
4	The steak was awesome! The drinks were tasty. The service was great. Our lobster tails were cold and rubbery and they forgot our salads. That is the only reason for 4 stars. We'll be back but only for steak. The twice baked potatoes are yummy.  Almost forgot.
