3	Alright, I lived in this complex for 2 years and I do have some pros and cons to living at this place.Pros1. Sky Harbor is 5 minutes away2. Downtown Phoenix is 10 minutes away3. Old Town Scottsdale is 15 minutes away.4. Arcadia is 2 minutes away.5. Biltmore is 10 minutes away.6. Washer and dryer in each unit.7. On site gym with 2 pools.      As far as the complex itself goes it actually not that bad.  Outside aesthetics is pretty nice and is up kept quite well.  As far as the actual apartment, it's nothing special, but it doesn't look run down.  It's an apartment.  They provide a space for you and that's pretty much it.Cons1. It's not in the best neighborhood in the world.2. There is not ample parking for tenants/guests.3. The staff can be very pretentious4. It can take awhile for maintenance to be done.5. A lot of Riff Raff's live here.   All in all I didn't have a terrible time living here.  I met some cool people and a lot of douche bags as well.  I wouldn't live here again.
1	My boyfriend and I have lived here for a little over a year, and since the first week it's been horrible. We have loud people coming in and out everyday/night since the gates are ALWAYS broken. Bumping their loud music and honking their horns repeatedly. Our roof started leaking when those rain storms were here, took them 3 days to fix, and still hasn't fixed it from the inside. Someone always pulls the fire alarms late at night around 10-11pm. And the dumpsters are always full. People just throw their mattresses and old couches next them and they are there for days. The parking sucks. If you have company over they have to park outside of the complex on the side of the road cause there are NEVER any free spots. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. It's loud, dirty, and to expensive for what's going on around you. Not worth your money.
1	I agree, the office staff are sooo two faced! and managers change all the time! i've seen changes in management for the two years.. i've been with the apartment for two years and my experience keeps getting worst, the longer that I stay!The only star I am giving is for the maintainance crew because they are the only people who are sincere about helping out.
3	I spent 6 months here, and I never really had any "serious" issues. I originally signed a 12 month lease, but ended up moving out earlier because my job moved me to another city.  Here were some Pros and Cons during my 6 month stay:Pros:- The grounds are very well kept. There were always landscapers out working, the place looked great from the outside in.- Great location. The neighborhood is a little suspect, but everything you need is 5 minutes away. Home Depot, Petsmart, Fry's, Target, Wal-Mart. You're close to the freeway and Sky Harbor is about 10 minutes away. This is probably the most convenient location to have for a pretty reasonable price.- The floor plans were very spacious and nicely laid out. - I lived in one the buildings that faced out towards McDowell Road. This road is very busy all the time, and I never really had any issues with noise. However, if I opened the windows I would hear some traffic, but it wasn't bad. They also did a nice job with tree placement - every window in my apartment was surrounded by trees and it was really beautiful.- No bug issues! I never had a problem with bugs of any sort...ever.Cons:- The complex is gated, however, the gates probably worked for 1 week out of the 6 months that I lived here.- The parking situation is terrible. Each apartment has its own covered parking spot, but there are hardly any uncovered spots for guests. Also, people parked in my covered spot ALL the time. I had a corner spot, so not only did people park there overnight, but people would double park behind me and used that area to load/unload things. The towing policy isn't effective at all, so when people parked in my spot there was really nothing I could do about it.- The appliances are very old. In the 6 months that I lived there my dryer broke, the garbage disposal was broken the day I moved in, the bathroom sink had to be replaced and a piece in the shower had to be replaced so I could get hot water running through it. On the plus side, the Maintenance guys were awesome, and all of my issues were resolved within a couple of days. It took about 5 days to get my dryer fixed.When I first moved in there were always police helicopters flying overhead, but that only lasted a few months. There's definitely a lot of "rif-raff" hanging around the complex and living there. I lived on the second floor and I had a horrible family living below me that made a lot of noise and played music so loud every night I thought a night club was on the other side of the wall. They also parked in my spot constantly.The walls were pretty thin in the bathroom, and I could hear the person next to me taking showers and I always heard their AC click on and at one point their pipes were leaking so I could always hear the dripping. Sometimes I could hear talking and I heard someone sneeze once. This was only when I was standing in the bathroom, though.I never had my car broken into, and I never heard any stories of it happening to anyone else while I was there.The fire alarm was pulled one night at around 3am and it was terrible. All in all I would say I didn't hate it here, but I didn't love it here either. I never used the pool or the workout facility and I hardly ever went into the office or interacted with the management staff. If I had to move back there today I probably wouldn't.
1	these apartments suck big time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!the other residents bring in bugs and the lady's in the front office wont do shit about it we have to call an exterminator the gates to keep us safe we cant even get into our own gates because they are broken the grounds are always a freaking messy trash always around the gym holly crap do you really want me to get into that you ( i) pay extra each month for is  and it is a complete joke  every time something is broken never fixed the fans inside there is  only one that works the bathrooms are never cleaned and one time i was in the gym every day for a week and never toilet paper , not water cups the rug is nasty never cleaned or vacuumed and all ripped up the air conditioner is always broken just came back to my apartment from there and it was nicer out side than in side all because the a/c box needs a battery and to be worked on but the bitches in the office don't care i bet they would if they had to work in 85 degrees temp  this complex is the worst place to live i would not tel my worst enemy to live here please go to a different apartment complex please i beg of you people please
1	I lived here over 3 years. This Area is NOT SAFE . My wife's car was broken in to and 6 months later my apartment was broken in to.  The area is full of child molesters and the Gates are always broken and wide open, so you want to think twice before living here specially if you have kids.The management is terrible. They will ruin your rental history over a small thing. The assistant manager at indigo palms apartments Gabriela sent me a note on the 18th day of the month saying that when I paid my rent I paid it 3 cents short!!  not 30 cents or $3 (three cents short) and i have to pay 3 cents immediately. I called her and i told her sorry i did not know the exact amount and i will pay extra 3 cents next time. she said rudely NO NO NO you have to pay  this immediately. She did not let me talk to the manager and then she hang up on me!!! I tried to explain to her that i have to go and buy a money order for 3 cents since I am out of checks. She did not care and said  well if you wait tell the next payment we will tell who ever ask about your rental history that you were short on one payment!!!since it was my last 2 months i did not want to ruin my perfect rental history. I went to Fry's and got a money order for 3 cents. The lady at Fry's asked me again and again how much?? after I explained the 3 cent money order she said THAT IS RIDICULOUS! When i gave Gabriela - Gabbie the 3 cents money order she tried to make it easy by telling me that she sent many many notes over One penny!!! Then she Tried to make a joke of it by saying: "passing these notes is a good exercise and a good way to lose weight hehehe"  Very funny!! Before I left, I got a cleaning lady to clean my apartment even though it was clean, but I want it to be super clean because i did not want to have any issues since they are so difficult.
