5	I love Mooster's Mootique. Great place to buy fresh eggs from the chickens that live on the farm, and home-made cheese and butter made by co-owner Casey. Alison, the other owner, is usually found in her store restocking the shelves with new merchandise. I'll copy and post what they have on their website to give an idea of what the sell."Mooster's Moo-tique at Superstition Farm is now open! Come check out our fun and educational gifts!! Looking for something "moo-nique"? Mooster's probably has it! Here you will find toys, games, candy, fresh eggs, cheeses and local jams and honey. Also come by for Udder Delights homemade ice cream! Mooster's has been built using all recycled materials. The ceiling was made with tin from old cow shades, the wood on the outside was wood from the Rodeo-Chediski fire. The insullation is recycled blue jeans and we used soy paint. The furniture was donated from Urban Outfitters in Tempe and Scottsdale (THANKS guys!!).Chicken, horse, and cow watches. Been looking for a rechargeable pig flashlight? Yep...we gottem! Regular hours begin on June 2nd... Mondays-Fridays 10am-4pm Saturdays 9am-4pm Sundays-Closed"It really is a great store and worth the trip. Oh, and it's located on Superstition Farm too so if you want a tour of a real working dairy farm, you've come to the right place. Hay rides, petting zoo, hay maze, and educational tours....too cool!!!
5	Mooster's Moo-tique is the cutest little gift shop, located right on Superstition Farm!  Its full of the cutest clothes and toys for kids, vintage western cowboy gifts, cow themed items, as well they sell their produce (dairy and eggs) right there, fresh, fresh, fresh!  Check out the farm's website, and see all that they offer there!
5	I can't say enough about this store and the beautiful farm it resides on... I come here at least twice a month for all of my dairy needs; milk, butter, yogurt, farmer's cheese, ice cream, eggs and savory items that change often. The eggs are so delicious. The Mootique has so many adorable farm themed gifts. It is a wonderful place to take children. I always get a kick out of the cute unique things they have here.
5	A must visit place for children. You will learn a lot about cows for sure which is very interesting. Enjoy the hay ride while learning new things and seeing baby calves. Petting zoo is cute. You can also buy a bottle to feed baby cow. Do not wear shorts on hay ride as it will poke you in the legs.
