1	If you wanna wait for 25 mins at a drive thru.... YES 25 mins for a kids meal cheeseburger. Take a trip to the Jack In the Box on Tatum. What a nightmare!!!! Even crazier... I actually waited.
4	Great tacos.  Not authentic, but unique.
1	This place is garbage! First of all, it was impossible to hear the employee through the speaker at the drive through. Besides that, I made a really simple order and even that was messed up. Immediately noticed that part of the order was missing. They took the bag of food from me to fix the order. We sat there in the drive thru line for what seemed like ten minutes. A six+ car line had formed behind me. They finally came back to the window with another bag claiming that the issue had been fixed. We did a quick check to see that we had the correct amount of food, and it appeared to have been corrected. When we got home, we realized the order was wrong, again/still, and the breakfast sandwiches looked like someone sat on them. They were extremely smashed! The other part of my order was the coffee. I asked for three coffee's. Two regular, one decafe. The employee asked me if I wanted the coffee to be hot. Yes, of course I do! He told me there was no hot coffee, and that I would have to wait for a new brew. To make a long story short, the coffee was cold and watered down. Avoid this location! Horrible! This was my first time ever going to this location, and my last.
1	Awful. Every time. First, it's hard to hear the person on the speaker. Or at least it was when I have gone. And I've gone more than a few times since it's close to home. I have never been satisfied with a single experience here. Either my order was wrong or they ran out of what I wanted or it took a century to go through the line. The last (and I'm convinced it was actually my literal last) time I went, I had spent the day hearing over and over about their new bacon burger on the radio. By evening I had decided to give into marketing and temptation and try it. Got there, waited a gosh darn eternity before I could even order, and then actually finally ordered. They didn't have it anymore. Did they run out? Did they discontinue it (no)?, did they forget how to assemble it? No idea. But they told me they didn't have it anymore and asked if there was something else I wanted. There wasn't. So I spent a lifetime in line, and drove away with nothing. Combined with my other bad experiences, it spells the end of them getting my occasional business (which clearly they weren't trying to keep in the first place, so no loss for them I guess).
4	I'm here a couple times a week picking up food for my parents...  It is the only Jack in the box anywhere in the area and it still constantly displays great customer service and decent time both inside and at the drive through.   There have been a few rough patches over the years as they trained new employees and I have only needed to complain about one of them.  It is Jack in the box not a 4 star restaurant or a QT so don't expect posh seating or exotic culinary delights and don't expect food ready to go under a heatlamp...  However, you can expect clean tables and bathrooms and reasonable wait times along with friendly service.
