5	Uncle Sam's gets the award for best cheese steak in the Burgh. This was a frequent lunch stop for me when I worked in the area. As I recall they only take cash so, if you only have a card on you, rob a bank or something because you do not want to miss out on this. Cheese steaks are top-notch but if you get there earlier in the day try the provolone and egg sub as a special breakfast treat. Then go back for lunch.... and dinner.Tip: You must add sweet potato fries to your order - I think this is actually a law in all 50 states.
3	Believe it or not, I have never had a Philly cheese steak... until now. I really liked the decor. It reminded me of a modern diner/ regular bar. The staff were really friendly and clean! Since they cook everything right in front of you, I expected their shirts to be dirty. I was pleasantly surprised! It was my first time eating a Philly cheese steak so it was hard for me to rate it. I didn't think they would give you such a long sandwich for only 6 dollars. I was full before I ate half the sub. The meat taste good but it was really dry. Are you suppose to put something else other than lettuce on a cheese steak sub? Overall, it was just okay.
3	good food, ok service.
1	There were six employees behind the counter and one customer waiting for their sandwich to be made, and I was the only person in line and couldn't get a single person to take my order.  Walked out and got faster service at Panera, which had a line out the door.Oh well.
4	I came here over the weekend with a friend.  While we originally had our hearts set on Burgatory (so good!) the wait was 1-1.5 hours.  We had plans and hungry stomachs, so she mentioned that Sam's is owned by the same company and is good.  Confirmed:  It is still cash only.  For $11, I got a 10 inch hot turkey breast sandwich, a ton of fries, and a large soda.  This portion is huge - really, I ate half the sandwich, a couple fries and was stuffed.  It was also really good!  I'm not sure why it's so hard to find a good turkey sub, but this place gets a thumbs up!
4	Read other reviews and knocks about service.  If you ever go to Oakland location, the place has "attitude"...always did, always will.  That is part of the personality of it.  I personally like to skinny (pencil stick fries) and have to say one of my favorite sandwiches anywhere is their cheeseburger sub (LOVE IT).  If you are snobby and want your ass kissed...go to Burgatory next door where you will get an overpriced sandwich and some butt kissing.  If you want to man-up (or in my case Alien-Up), put on your big boy pants and get a real sandwich here!  I do agree with other reviews - place can be messy at times during a rush.
4	I can eat a submarine just about any day of the week and it's probably a good thing that I don't live close by to "Uncle Sam's," because I would.  I have only been here a few times, but have never been disappointed.  I have tried an array of sub shops in my time and I can honestly say that this is one of the better ones.  The menu boasts a wide variety of subs and toppings including a Vegetarian menu, if you are in to that, but what separates it from most places is their emphasis on the Cheese Steak and their generous portions of meat.  Most shops around here tend to be a little lean on the meat and they more than compensate you for your dollar.  A regular does me just fine, but for those of a more carnivorous nature, they also have their Ultra menu which gives you double the meat if not more.  Another thing that i find refreshing is their Shoestring french fries, that they provide you with as a side if you dine in extra if you take out.  They also offer a Chicken Cheese Steak, which is also difficult to find in most shops.  Drink wise, they offer a variety of craft soda, craft beer, and of course your fountain.  Refills are extra. Onto the Service.  In all honesty it can be a little hit or miss.  I have gone and have had great service where my food is ready and brought out immediately and there have been times where I have sat and waited a bit too long.  Having worked in food service I understand that it isn't perfect every time, but generally the wait is worth with it.  Another thing to keep in mind is that the restaurant is Cash Only.If anyone is looking for a sub shop with character and delicious hoagies I would highly recommend it.  If subs aren't your thing the "Burgatory" and "Panera Bread" are next door.
5	Fast friendly service and good sandwiches. This is a neighborhood staple that deserves your business.
4	My girlfriend and I ate here today for lunch.  We didn't know it was a "cash" only establishment but the guy who waited on us was very nice.  He took our order and by the time we got back from Giant Eagle with cash, our subs were done.  They were very good and the price was great for the amount of food.  I had the Italian sub and my girlfriend had the Philly cheese steak.  I loved the sub rolls and the fries were delicious.  I would definitely come back and try a new sub!
5	Amazing food. You can stuff your face to the point you hate yourself for $10.00. The shoe string fries are amazing and the subs are made fresh right in front you! I love the casual and down to earth environment. One of my favorite places to eat in the entire city!  The cash only policy isn't ideal and the .50 cent refills I don't agree with but an ATM isn't far if need be! My advice? Eat here! It's delicious.
4	Any business with the word "sub" in the title is going to scare me. Only because Subway has really ruined my idea of a sub. I hate Subway. Like, I can't even walk by a Subway and not shudder. So just by default I avoid anything with sub in the title. Sorry Uncle Sam's.But Burgatory was closed for a watermain break and that was the only viable option. I'm really glad it was though, because it really was delicious. Honestly, it was very very good. I ordered the portobello sandwich, with melted swiss cheese and caramelized onions. It was funny because I asked for wheat bread (which Subway does have!!) and they said "we only serve white." Well, okay. No avoiding the processed flour here friends!But whatever, it was a darn good sandwich and I'm into it!
