5	Tiny hole in the wall Greek diner full of history on Jean Talon with the best food. The walls along one side are hung with framed pictures of visiting notables including Bill and, a little further along, Hillary. The doners are so moist and delicious, and we also love the pikilia plate (taramosalata heaven) the chicken skewers with rice, the calamari, and the lamb chops. It's cozy and family-noisey and fun and even a little romantic to eat in at Village Grec, but the best news on cold and rainy (and/or lazy) days is that they deliver!
4	Really delicious greek food, with nice friendly service. Good for vegetarians. They have large portions for good prices. They food quality was really high, with fresh veggies and great donairs.
4	The food taste better than what the place looks. This is one of these neighborhood favorites. Part of you wishes that they would renovate something in there... but there's the fear of change, what if the food changed!Everything they make is pretty good. The chicken gyro salad is my personal favorite. The tzaziki can be toxic at times. Now I love garlic, but I'm talking paint stripper strong! If you've never been... Go! But keep in mind this is a tshirt place, not a first date option.
3	I always call for delivery when I want a quick fix. They deliver so quick! Their doner meat mix is really great. The greek salad is far from the best thought and the fries are very ordinary. So just go for the doner.
5	Went here about a thpusand times and it was always good. The done pita for me is the best in the city. So tender and juicy and very big. Never a bad meal but the inside needs a facelift as it is really old and smells a bit like OLD. But don't be fooled by its looks because the food rocks. The calamari is also excellent and the give a very big portion for the price
4	Decided to stop by this hole in the wall on my way home some time ago and went with the fabled reviews of their DONER PITAS. So, I ordered some for take-out and headed home.The DONER Pita was excellent, big, moist, flavorful and well-made... I quickly ravished it. I truly recommend you to try it as well. The side-order of fries was very good as well.The take-out was done in about 15 minutes and the price-tag was very good with food court prices but restaurant quality food.I'm a fan, I'd go back.
