5	Jay, the owner of healthy and clean, came to my house to clean my carpet in two rooms. He arrived on time and did great work (my carpet looks brand new). He's honest and friendly. He is someone I won't hesitate to recommend to my friends and family. He also guarantees his work for 30 days, which is nice! Will be calling him soon to do the rest of my house plus my grout.Again, highly, highly recommend!!
5	Owner " Jay" Was very flexible with my schedule . Came out to my place and all I can say is.....things I didn't think would come out of the carpets did. Looks brand new....no longer smells of dog pee! I will be using this guy again....I will be telling everyone I know about his services. Price was great and a great guarantee!
5	My mother needed to get her tile cleaned.  So  I came across this company and thier reasonable prices.   They came out just to do the tile originally and did such a good job.  My mother had her place rugs done too.   The turned out way above my expectations.   The company's professionalism and quality of work will definatley make him recomend him to all my family and friends.
3	Jay was very nice to talk to, the quote was very reasonable and he fit me into his schedule with in a few days.  However, when he arrived at my house my husband was out of the living room and didn't hear the doorbell ring. Though it was evident someone was home, Jay left with in minutes. When I called him, he said he heard my door bell and my son but no one answered so he left. Annoyed with my husband for not hearing the bell and Jay for not sticking around when it was obvious someone was home, I let it go as a wash and agreed to reschedule. He said he would call me that evening with his datebook ready. No call. I called and left a message the next morning. No return call. My room was already emptied out so I went with someone else and had my carpets done that day for basically the same price.  Unfortunately, I was not happy with how this experience with Jay went down but I wouldn't say it was enough to NEVER attempt his company again. Communication is key, on both party's behalf.
