5	Beta, #40 in the world (wait what, Beta, in Waterloo, is one of the top clubs in the world???), is a true gem in the city. They get a lot of different DJ acts ranging from trance to house to the top DJs such as Avicii, Gareth Emery, Alesso...I absolutely love Fridays in Beta, even though I'm not a lady therefore I'm not free. Stevie P spins some of the craziest mixes ever and the dancefloor goes crazy!However, what brings this to a 5-star is the awesome service you get in here. I lost my drivers license near the entrance, and the bouncers actually took the time to look every inch of the club to find the license, and sure enough they did find it in the end. That's what a club is supposed to be for everyone to have a great time.
1	I could have hurt myself because a customer of Beta pushed me off said platform. Then security escorted me out of the premise under the reasoning of being unsafe.The security personnel were being verbally abusive and borderline physically abusive almost reaching full blown assault!A bouncer had to be restrained as he was close to getting physical with a customer!I would like to receive an explanation of why your security team refused to allow me to speak to a manager on duty, who were unreasonable to listen to an explanation from me and proceeded to escorted me from the building.
3	Beta is fun, but top 50 in North America is bullshit. I used to like it a lot more than I do now. It's kinda stuck in between a club and a rave venue. I love raves, like am seriously addicted, but I also like clubs and I'm fine with boh. The problem with Beta is that it ends up being neither. It could work as a club except that the kind of music it plays works better for raves. You get a lot of people standing around because they're not used to the rave scene, a lot of people treating it like a club and trying to grind or awkwardly dance and a lot of sloppily drunk people. And when they do get a DJ who can actually play good music you end up with the first 10 or so rows of people really into it and the back of the club is just people looking bored which kinda kills the energy. Go to rave venues in Toronto and you'll see what I mean. Go to clubs anywhere and you'll see that beta exists in this weird in-between that doesn't really workFor all that I'll prolly keep going because I really like edm and its still a fun place to party. Its just not that great
5	Best club in the world and I am not biased :)My favourite parties are when Project 46 stops by and plays an amazing set and again I am not biased.
