4	Everyone seems to have different views of the VA Medical system but I for one have always received quality care and this VA is no exception.   I like they they are at the tail end of a solar project that is putting panels over every parking spot in the lot, this (I am told) will power the entire VA building and save millions in power bills, plus the added benefit to having covered parking in the middle of July.   Speaking of parking... there isn't enough, so sometimes I have to park north of the VA in the veterans home/ park parking lot, they do have a guy in a golf cart shuttling people, but show up early, I have driven around for 15 minutes waiting for someone to pull out.
4	I am a member of Emerald Clinic and have received exceptional care from my Primary Care Physician(s) there.  Further, I use the cardiology clinic for routine exams and they have been overwhelmingly thorough and have delivered a high quality of care and concern.  My only problem with this VA medical center is the PARKING!  It is a nightmare to get in and out of there.  Since I have been using this VAMC the parking problem has gone from terrible to ridiculous and near impossible.  This definitely needs to change.  Overall, I'm glad for the benefit and feel very confident here.
1	This is the 4th VA Hospital I have been assigned to over the past 13years while being assigned to different units throughout the US.  I just recently came from the Portland VA system, which is IMO is one of the best ran VA systems.  My First visit was to the Phoenix VA Women's Clinic in FEB 2012, after getting home from the Philippine's  I had no mail for my VA visit results so I called to receive them via mail to provide to my unit.  In SEPT I received my Test results I had done in FEB/ the letter was dated JUNE!? 3-4 months to mail a letter? Ok, I have to give this VA System the benefit of the doubt because there's no way this is how this Hospital operates so let's see how my first Doctors visit goes.  After me and my husband waited for 8 Months to get our initial appt. just to assign us a primary care physician. We were asked to show up 30min before my 2:00PM appt. I did! 1:30 show up/ check in was great thanks to Daniel who was very personable/ 2:15 Vitals were taken, 2:30 Back in waiting room/ 3:00 still in waiting room/3:30 I go to front desk to ask what is going on with my 2:00PM Appt. I was here at 1:30PM for? They checked with the DOC (DR. TONG) Diamond Clinic/ She is running behind "because she likes to spend time with her patients".  4:15pm! Still in waiting room :/ Apparently she likes to spend time with her patients at the expense of her other patients who have been waiting for nearly 3hrs!! I and my Husband look around to find ourselves to be the only people in the waiting room now and the Hospital quietly closing up.  My frustration starts to boil and tears start to come to my eyes with anger... This is the VA system we are enrolling in??? The Clinic door opens; Dr. Tong addresses us as if we shouldn't be upset at the unreasonable wait... seriously!  I had scheduled a 2:00PM appt specifically to make to the LAB for workups I knew I would be requesting, but because of her inability to perform her tasks with time management in consideration I had to request the test and run the stairs in platforms to get to lab by 4:30, My Superpowers kicked in and I MADE IT 4:25PM! Thank goodness! I dreaded the thought of the drive from Buckeye to this VA again just for Lab workups or to wait in emergency for a blood draw because Dr. Tong was considerate of other patients at my and my husband's expense.  After everything was said and done I had requested for my test results from DR. Tong/ a week later I get a letter saying everything is "essentially normal".  Wow! Where are my test results and what does "essentially" mean? Come on! Apparently, there's no regard or STANDARD to informing the patient of their test results and no standard for when the patient will be notified of their test results and among other deficiencies in this VA System.  Please somebody take control of this system, all I hear from other service members is "apparently you haven't been assigned here long." The Coordinator for Phoenix VA should be ashamed.
5	I was pleasantly surprised with the Emergency room here. The staff was very friendly and got us in very quickly. Made a sucky experience less miserable!
2	Parking! Parking! Parking! What a nightmare! I have never found a spot inside their parking area. I always park at the Wendys across the street and walk over. As for the service I can't complain, they have always helped me out and been very nice. It does however take me awhile to get an appointment. Usually ranges between 7-10 business days. I have also never had anyone at my clinic ever pick up the phone. I have always left a message and they return it within 24-48 hours.
5	I absolutely love this hospital. Having been to several other military hospitals, this one has made most everything a breeze in comparison. Also when I tend my friends the things that happen during doctor's visits and the attention I receive from the doctor they are envious. Granted not all the doctor's here are exceptional, some seem to be and act like your a typical HMO doctor who doesn't care about their patient. Dr. Azhar though will actually discuss what she thinks the problem is, and if you offer an opinion on what you might think is causing it that differs from hers she will actually not only listen, but discuss why or why you may not be right and if it might be what you think do follow-up to help determine it. Really?!? how many doctors do that now days??The catch is appointments may not always start on time, but who cares if that means patients are getting individual attention and get more than 2 minutes of the doctor's attention!
4	I have almost no complaints about this hospital and the associated clinics--doctors, nurses, and volunteers work tirelessly to make sure that veterans get the care that they need, and I am seen pretty frequently here, all for free.  They are also building a couple different new wings to make room for special programs and expansions of existing clinics, which is pretty awesome in my opinion.Downfalls--the wait list for some types of care (primary care, other than critical, dental care, and one or two others) can stretch out several weeks.  And the parking...Like the other reviewers here, that's pretty much what brings it down from five stars.  There is a pretty large parking lot but so many people are seen every day that it fills up FAST.  It's worse than Wal-Mart on Black Friday, honestly.  It seems as if they are still working on that, but it's what I dread the most about my visits--and that includes dental work and other unpleasant checkups.
3	good care but always a long wait - this time was 45 minutes past appointment time normally it is longer
3	Definitely needs work! But it is better than nothing.
2	10/23/13At the VA facility today for long awaited appointments. Prior to departing I had the opportunity to visit the travel office. At the travel office I picked up a number(69) from the ticket machine, they overhead counter read 29!If this wasn't bad enough, two windows were open and one employee occupying the right window was actually sitting down at the service counter reading a NEWSPAPER, while literally dozens of vets were waiting patiently to be seen.  Are these the kind of employees the Phoenix VA have as support staff? God help us all.
1	Worst customer service ever!  Completely disgusted with the service received at this VA hospital...Operators blind transfer you to other departments that hang up on you...First time registering?  Expect to be put on a 3 to 6 month waiting list just to talk to someone to set up an appointment no matter how bad you need to see a DR..Veterans DESERVE better than this!!
4	I think this hospital has improved in leaps and bounds. The parking still sucks here and gets worse with the snowbirds. Love that they installed solar but they still don't have them hooked up yet to generate electricity. They are getting better with service but like all hospitals avoid the emergency room as much as possible.
5	I have only praise and appreciation for each and every clinician I have ever come into contact with at my Phoenix VA and the West Valley clinic in Surprise. My Rheumatology Team has to be the most caring staff of people I have ever encountered. I was diagnosed with Rheumatoid Arthritis 2 years ago, it was a shock to go from being healthy and active to being in unbearable pain. I was desperate for relief and so frightened about how to cope with this disease. With the help and caring of the people at the Phoenix VA, I think I've learned to adapt very well. It's a process and I'm getting stronger every day. I can't thank them enough !
3	It is what it is. Many of the employees here do try, but many don't. Like any other big government agency, there is too much bureaucracy, confusion and red tape to be even the least bit efficient. That said, there are some caregivers here though that really try to do their level best within a flawed system.
4	I saw a couple of my fellow Vets on TV yesterday, carping about the care we receive here and knew it was time to write an Update!  I've been receiving VERY GOOD health care in the VA System for most of the last 40 years.  (I had Kaiser HMO for a while, & it was very much the same.)  Now I can't speak for the guys who were on TV, but here's a typical experience of mine, here at the Phoenix hospital:I called a little ahead (3 weeks ago?) to schedule a routine Colonoscopy.  Day before yesterday, a friend brought me up for the 8 AM appointment and I was seen immediately.  All of the six or so people involved in my treatment were very friendly, very professional, and I was in and out of there in about an hour and a half.  Treated to general anesthesia, my procedure was nearly painless and everything went PERFECTLY.  More often than not, this is how it has been for me both here at the Phoenix hospital and at the six other VA hospitals & clinics (Downtown L.A., San Fernando Valley, West L.A., Hesperia, CA, Loma Linda, CA and Richmond, VA) that I have been a patient of over the years. I heard sarcastically asked on Fox "News," "Can you imagine what it would be like if the Government tried to run a hospital?"  Yes, I can imagine that...  It's a HIGH 4 STARS!     :-))
1	Lost my paperwork multiple times. Lost my DD214 which they were supposed to return after processing. Refused to take action on claim, until I had sent multiple letters to congress about claim.
1	I Hesitated to write this review on the Phoenix VA Hospital, but it should be said.  Last year I lived across the street from the NW Phoenix VA clinic.  I applied for care there, and was told I could not be seen there.  They were not taking new patients, as they had lost the services of several doctors.  I was told I might try the Phoenix VA Hospital.  I did and was given an appt almost 1 year from my call date.  My needs were not for a cold or a cut finger.  It was for Diabetes and I was told they could not see me sooner and that is how it was.  I felt something was strange with the entire experience.  I had to find private care, and even that was difficult in the area.  I could not retire in Arizona and the lack of health care was a big part of the reason, as I was going to need VA health care as I got older. Diabetes was not magically going away, it needed treatment.    They seemed to have no interest in seeing me.  I could not depend on that, so I have had to make other plans in life. I would not be able to retire in Arizona.    I think that is a shame in itself.  I realize everyone has a different experience, but I gave mine and it is a honest review of what happened to me in 2013.   I was so sorry to hear of the veterans that had died over these delays in care.  It is a disgrace but I am not surprised at all by this behavior in Phoenix.  They obviously are overwhelmed.  They need a 2nd hospital for one thing and a lot more staff.
5	I love them here.  Always been a great experience.   Best doctors ever, very caring.  Wouldn't go anywhere else!!!!
1	My nurse and doctor where reprimand by receiving educational training to keep what happened to me from happening again.  Hope your visit will be safer and better.
2	I feel compelled to write this after going to the VA Emergency Room and being taken care of literally less than two hours after I went to them with my situation. I went to the ER AFTER going to my assigned Emerald Clinic, and the effiency of the ER really highlighted how poorly the Emerald Clinic handled themselves, once again. This review honestly doesn't include the VA's ER department. I'm not sure if the intense nature of emergency medicine puts all the most skilled doctors, nurses, and staff in that department, whatever it is, they are miles ahead of the Emerald Clinic from when you first see the person at the front desk, to when you leave.After taking a job offer in another country, I was informed five days before leaving that I need a health examination done. I went into my assigned Emerald Clinic hoping that they could help me out. Now, I knew my situation was far from critical, but I was more than willing to wait as long as it took to get this health examination. I explained my situation to the lady at the front desk, and she told me, "I'll do what I can." After about thirty minutes I asked her my status, and she gave me a "thumbs up" so I was pleased that I'd be seen. After waiting another hour, I was called in back and told, "sorry, we aren't going to help you today. You need blood work for a physical, and it's too late to start doing that." It was approximately 1:30pm. I mentioned the time, and said, "we literally have hours left in the day, I can go do what you need me to do right now." She just sort of shrugged at me. I asked if we can skip the bloodwork, and just do a quick check up (I didn't need bloodwork for the job). "Nahh. We can't do a physical without bloodwork. And nobody else will," (lie number 1). Her dismissal attitude, and apathy was shocking to me. What came next though really upset me. Another thing I was told was that, "your health care provider is pregnant, and not staying til we close, she's leaving early, so even if you get the bloodwork, we still aren't going to help you." Unprofessional. I asked her if she had any suggestions for me. She told me, very confidently, "oh yeah, go to the hospital on 7th Ave, past Roosevelt, and they do physicals for vets for $20. They'll have you in and out quick too," (lie number 2). After wasting my time and gas money driving to the hospital on 7th Ave, they looked at me like I was crazy, and said they do not, nor have they ever, done walk in physicals for only $20. The bottom line is that it was 1:30pm on a Friday when I was in the Emerald Clinic and they didn't want to take a walk-in patient after 12:00pm. So after refusing to help me, I assume the lady I saw lied to me to me to get me out of there quickly.The person I saw at Patient Advocacy literally shrugged it off and said, "It's Friday. They want to go home." Like that is completely acceptable behavoir. Luckily, I got a little empathy at the ER, explained my situation to nurse Sharon (who was awesome), and like I said, I was in and out in less than 2 hours, WITH a health examination. I don't think Emerald Clinic's laziness is fair to the ER, who in my case, blatantly had to pick up the Emerald Clinic's slack. Making me wait almost a hour and half just to tell me they wouldn't help me was another upsetting fact. That's not how you treat people, and it's certainly not how you should treat vets in a veteran's hospital. Thank you very much though ER department, you guys do rock!
4	Maybe my expectations haven't fully evolved since entering the VA system but so far, after two Dr. Appointments 2 visits to the lab and today's visit with a nutritionist,  I am impressed.  No significant waiting.  Painless needle sticks.  Wonderful volunteers.   While it took a very long time to finally get into the system, so far I have nothing but good things to say about the staff and service.   The VA here serves a huge population and seems to be very considerate of patient needs.  Thanks guys for your care and attention.
1	I've never been to a worse medical facility in my life. Over two hour wait EVERY TIME. I came in to the er one specific time for severe back pain due to fractures, the "Dr" was a tall goofy Fuck with blonde hair, he accused me of being a liar and implying I was hunting for pill prescriptions even tho I hadn't had any meds for over a year and a half, I'm glad my wife was there so I have someone who was by my side to verify what that Fuck said. Parking is terrible the employees are fucking lazy and act like YOU'RE the problem not the system. Fuck the va.  Fuck the employees. And a huge FUCK YOU to the drs. You should be fucking embarrassed of yourselves.
3	The PCT clinic is great. The rest of the VA is maybe slightly at or below the care you'd expect to get if you went to the Maricopa humane society.
4	I've been there many times for a variety of things and have always been pleased with my care.  The personnel obviously like working there, and look at you as patients whom they want to please.  Only two nasty ones (older clerk at the sleep clinic, and an extremely rude PA at the Thunderbird clinic), but that's two out of many dozens of real good ones.    Only drawback is the wait-time for primary doctors, but that may have changed by the time of this post.
1	Second appointment at the ENT, both times I waited 45+ minutes past my scheduled appointment to be seen. After that wait today the doctor tells me that there is nothing they can due about my chronic sinus congestion and has me leave after 2 minutes. So glad this is the care we give to our veterans. This place is an absolute joke. More employees bullshitting in the halls then helping patient waiting for care.
3	Faster and easier check-ins for your appointments.
