5	This is a new Firestone franchise location.    I found their staff to be very honest to deal with on automotive matters.   Their facilities are clean and comfortable.   They deliver work in a timely manner and have gone the extra mile to get hard to find parts at their own expense to get a job done.    You can trust your vehicle here and not have to worry about being led on a mechanics fishing trip.
5	I had a significantly positive experience that ensures I will be coming back to get my car serviced here from now on.I went in for new tires and a transmission fluid exchange. Got the tires but I was advised accurately on what was best for me and my car for the transmission flush. In the process of getting my new tires, they also did a courtesy full body check and called me with options and reasoning for service without pressuring for a sale. All in all it was a great experience and my car is back in tip top shape. Highly recommend this place. I specifically worked with Aaron and Chris there, and they had A+ quality customer service.
5	This place had some of best customer service that I had.  I walked in and was greeted with a hello and a hand shake by Michelle.  I told them I was limited on time and they had me out if there in 45 min. I will be going back there again.
5	The Best in Customer Service especially Daniel, Two thumbs up to the humble Manager Mr Aaron Routh  May the LORD bless this store.
5	You all know that there are businesses out there that are just not that honest!I'm glad I know someone who actually is honest on this side of town to take care of all of my vehicles!!Cool people!!Excellent auto service!!You can bet you will not be taken advantage of!!I know because I know the man that ran this business!He's got an awesome crew!!
5	Love this place! Had new tires put on, an oil change, a new battery put in, and an inspection done. Will definitely be coming back for all my car needs! Jorge was great! Helped us every step of the way! The tech that was working on my car, Iz, was friendly as well! They were able to show me how much battery was left and also offered to resurface the rotors. I've always been offered to buy new rotors, never knew you could resurface them because of minor damage. I trust these guys and I like that they did not try to upsell me on tings I really didn't need! Also, the Firestone card is AWESOME!!!!THANK YOU JORGE, IZ, AND EVERYONE AT FIRESTONE!
5	Always a great experience! Take my car to this one every time and I know to expect good service.I definitely recommend this location.
1	I do not see how everyone gives them five stars this place is a complete ripoff! to begin with there was a line and only one person helping people inside, I was then told me 30 to 45 minutes for my car diagnosis it took over two hours to get a callback from them them over the phone I'm given 1 million places instead of the option to come in and look at paperwork of everything that's needed. I've ended up going other places to get quotes to compare and have noticed this place charges extremely high for their labor!!  Go anywhere else but here please!!
5	Can't say enough good things about the team working here. It's the only place in town that I trust with my car. I appreciate that I never feel like I am being upsold or taken advantage of -- when I come in, I know exactly what services I'm getting and what full range of options is available for me. These guys are friendly and so great to work with! Whether I'm going in for a routine oil change, flat tire repair, or some heavy maintenance, they are honest and reasonably priced. I'm always in and out quickly -- even on Saturdays. Thanks for taking care of me and my car!
