4	Several members of my family and friends are completely obsessed with this place.  Ob. Sessed.  And so - I go.  Ya walk in, pay the lady and pick your drink.  Someone leads you to a table.  Shortly someone will be over with plates and rolls.  At that point - the feeding begins.  And when it ends is all up to you.  As long as you're there they'll keep bringing on the plates and more of their really good warm rolls with honeybutter.  Their steaks are surprisingly good.  You walk up to the window and tell the guy how you want yours cooked - he pokes around at a few and hands you a steak.  There are sauteed mushrooms and onions on the side for you to serve yourself.  Nice.  To give you an idea of the variety and the general immenseness of the place, I'm going to name of just a few of the things I saw there on just our last visit: BBQ Beef w/ opt Buns on the side, Tacos, Black-eyed peas, fried okra, pork & potatoes, steak, spinach salad, mixed green salad, chicken salad, fruit salad, ice milk, brownies, cookies, cakes, blueberry pie, bread pudding, chocolate pudding, cottage cheese, fresh melon (you can see them cutting it putting fresh stuff into containers), Fried clams, Fried shrimp, fried rice, fried chicken, mashed potatoes, and several soups.  It's so much larger than that sounds.Servers are great at  offering new plates (dang food pushers) and refilling your drinks.  The place is also surprisingly clean.  It's nice to be able to see so much going on behind the counters - slicing the fruit, mixing things in bowls, decorating the cakes - it's all done right there where it's visible to everyone.  I've been told several locations out of state are much larger than this one - but I certainly can't imagine the need.  For about $10 a pop it is quite a deal for a great range of food that actually tastes good.  Come hungry.
2	I've been to this location twice and both times were during the day for lunch. The food is pretty good considering it's a chain buffet restaurant. Good choice of selections although there were some things I didn't try (i'm not a veggie eater and the fried ocra scared me). The desserts were good too. The first time I thought some of the activities from the server was just a quirk. The second time I realized it was standard procedure for the restaurant. Specifically, it's the amount of attention you receive compared to how long you sit there. They give you one plate when you walk in and the server brings two more plates. By your second serving the server isn't as attentive to your drink refills. On the third plate, the server won't remove empty plates and has to be flagged down for drink refills.Now, I will admit I'm a big eater. There are times when I'll bring a book with me to read and simply sit there 'cause it's better than sitting at home sometimes. While I may not be going for more food, I will sip a beverage while I sit there. It takes effort to get that accomplished. Good luck trying to get a fourth plate. I tried that once and saw several other big guys trying to do that too. Server was slow with the new plate.I have only been there at the beginning of dinner and they do a LOT of grilled steaks, chicken, burgers, etc. Might be worth a dinner visit simply for BBQ-style meats. If you're looking for a wide selection of okay food with okay service, you would probably like this place. Lunch is around $11. I assume dinner is priced higher.
5	i consider this the best buffet in town compared to old country & hometown. there is a large selection of all types of food. there is no skimping when it comes to food selection. they have a large dessert bar also with sugar free desserts. the desserts are awesome, not just the standard boring kinds like hometown. all the food has been really good. the lunch price is about $8. this does not include your drink. drinks are another $1.80.  dinner is about $10, not including your drink. service has always been good. the food is always great.
1	Next time I want to feast like a queen on a budget I will go to one of those Taco Bell/KFC/Pizza Hut/Long John Silver locations and buy one of everything. That would be better than eating at Golden Corral.
3	I usually dine at the Thomas Rd. location, where everything is great.  This time, I decided to give this one a try, expecting a similar experience, but here's some of what I found up here:*  It's quite similar inside to the Thomas Road location, but the dining area isn't furnished as well.*  Went for soup first, as usual, but there were no soup spoons out, or available.  (Have I eaten at 100 other buffets here in the Valley without ever having run into this?)  An employee told me they let themselves run completely out of them to save money.  (I thought to myself, "They could save even MORE money by closing this location... and maybe they should!)*  Went for a chicken wing, which is what I eat!  The only way you could get one here, was firmly attached to more of the chicken!  The whole thing was heavily breaded & cooked with the skin on, so there was no hope of pulling it apart at the serving tray.  It was either take it the way you don't want it, or don't have it at all.  Please someone, teach the preps here how to cut up a chicken!!  (Was I 8, or 9, when I learned how to do it?)  That's enough of an example of how the whole visit went here.  You get the idea.Overall, the food was about the same as Thomas (good), but the serving area setup here is also not as attractive or convenient as the one on Thomas, so for me the place plummeted all the way down to 3-Stars from the 5 I had expected it to earn.On the way home, I sang "Could've Been" by Tiffany.
1	Seriously?!?!?  This place is revolting.  They have lots of items.  I say items because very few of them look like anything that resembles legitimate food.  Having gone here with some family friends one night, my boyfriend and I paid at the front. (umm.. $25 for a buffet-could go to an actual restaurant and pay a couple bucks more and get real food with a real server... but i digress) We paid and were told to wait in line to be seated (what is this Disneyland.. why am I waiting in line at a buffet?) We were sat in the "dining area" it was awkwardly close to the food area, so it was a little sketchy for me to put my purse anywhere besides between my feet.The food, like I said earlier, there are a lot of item options.  90% of which are overcooked, under seasoned, or just plain unidentifiable.Overall, we left feeling ripped off and still hungry.  What a waste of calories.  Now mind you, I must note that I am not against the buffet.  I have been to some over the years that have mastered the concept well.  Golden Corral, despite their creative yet obnoxious television ads-has not!
3	Well let me start by saying i agree with all of the reviews i have read already...but let me start with one obvious problem i have always had with buffet style restaurants...THE CARPET....UHHHHHH!!!!!! I mean if these establishment are going to have carpet in a public area with kids present and people generally eating like kids...then you must pay close attention to the CARPET!!!!. The CARPET had a horrible smell at this location...and you really have to be careful not to let it ruin your appetite.Secondly for the $25 price tag...if your not going for some sort of special...like the all you can eat ribs....which no one else does...then it may not be worth your money. This evening...because my wife loves ribs...is why we even went to pay this establishment a visit. Now don't get me wrong the food is very good...not great...but very good. I had a fabulous piece of rotisserie chicken breast with mashed potatoes and gravy...mac and cheese....and dinner rolls. My wife had the ribs of course.... along with various sides.Now the dessert is not so great or very good for that matter. I had the lemon tart....brownie...and vanilla-chocolate swirl yogurt...and all of them were awful. My wife had the lemon cake and vanilla ice cream along with some fresh strawberries and she seemed to enjoy it.Now in conclusion i don't have to go here again personally...but if a special deal comes to this establishment and you really like it you should definitely give it a shot....otherwise pay your $25 to eat somewhere else. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!
4	Great selection, and average buffet prices (and have not been successful in finding coupons!).  LOVE the sweet potato cassarole, and I can make my own chili cheese fries which are absolutely delicious!  Their steaks are decent enough, and they have many meat dishes for the meat-eaters.  In my opinion, the desserts leave something to be desired so I usually get more chili cheese fries.  However, they do have numerous desserts to choose from so you shouldn't be disappointed.  The rolls brought to your table are outstanding! *By the way, this is for the Surprise locaion*
3	This is one place that lives up to the commercials.  The steak was really good. Also the salad was fresh. Even the seafood was tasty.
4	The food at the G.C. on Northern is as good as any.  Food, being mass produced is no better or worse than other places.  What I go there for is the breakfast which is only served on weekends.  There are many customers so the food like bacon and sausage doesn't sit around stewing in it's own grease.It's not a gourmet treat but it's still pretty good.
4	This was my first time back to this Golden Corral since Oct. '09.  Back then I didn't do so well here as the place was kind of banged up, there were no soup spoons in the building (but 3 kinds of soup!), & the chicken wings, my favorite part, were firmly attached to huge pieces of chicken.This time, I'm happy to report that things were almost 2 Stars better!  There were soup spoons (!), there were fried chicken wings (without the rest of the chicken!), & they've freshened the look of the place a little.  Everything else was in good form up here now, too.I started with some tasty Clam Chowder, & then it was on to trying a dab of as many of the other items as possible.  They were sporting a HUGE 156 food items today, not counting the many dressings & sauces!  That isn't topped by any Buffet in Arizona, except slightly by the two Pacific Seafood Buffets.So what you get here is mostly "plain old" American food.  It's cooked right, it's seasoned right, it's the right temperature, the trays are kept stocked, & that's all they're trying to do here.  You get a little bit of table service & a lot of calories!  That's what this place is about!I love this location just a bit less than a couple of the others around the State, but it earns a high 4 Stars this time!     :-))Lunch Buffet $7.89/$7.29 Sr.
4	We used to eat here all the time but haven't in a little while so we decided to stop in the other night. I must say, Golden Corral has made a couple changes in the right direction. They have a few new menu items including a pasta bar with different sauces (which were all pretty good) my boyfriend especially liked the spicy Alfredo sauce, at the fresh seafood bar they will make some delicious shrimp to go with it. They also added a chocolate Fondue fountain that we all loved. They don't bring you baskets of their delicious bread anymore but it's all self-serve so it's almost better, you can grab a fresh warm roll as you want one. My boyfriend and I love sweet tea & theirs is pretty good. All in all we were pretty impressed and have gone twice in the last week.
2	I love buffets. But not this one. Its expensive. Its limited. Its crowded. And the food is subpar.A group of friends and I decided on this place after another friend gave it a thumbs up. Ok, I thought. I love buffets.First thing I noticed, more than five people standing in the front smoking. Like you have to shuffle passed them to get it. What if I had my baby with me? Or my family? Second, some woman was asking everyone to wash their car windows in exchange for diapers. SMH!!So we go inside to a very crowded small one man register. I paid for two friends and myself. Plus three drinks??? $42.00 So letter me get this straight. This is a buffet but without self serving access to a beverage bar?? And I had to pay for it? Why am i here and not at old country buffet? So we are seated. Not a bad atmosphere except for the large crowd. I went and collected my food. I got fried chicken and a side salad and bread roll to go with my iced tea. All crap, even the tea.Worst chicken I've ever had. And its hard for me to not finish fried chicken down to the bone. Bit this fiscrace of a piece of crap just simply wasnt worthy for my stomache. Bland. Not that crispy. A little dry. Smelled funny. Bread was stale. Salad wasnt that fresh although it wasnt too bad. And tea was brisk which isn't tea. In order to get refills I had to wait for waitress to come and do it for me cause im a baby who cant get his own drink? I didnt even try the dessert. Overall not impressed. But I guess the dishes were clean and they had catfish off the grill. I didn't try it but it did smell good. If I were in a buffet mood, old country and home town are better selections. Also they are cheaper.
3	This was my second time eating here.  Nothing really stood out.  Only one item (the slider) did I deem not worth finishing.  Even with 3 plates I did not make it to the salad bar, but I did manage to get a piece of cake.  There were plenty of dishes to choose from so I picked what looked good to me.  Some of the upholstery is coming apart.  The bus person/drink server in my area was pleasant.  True to form the screaming 2 yo sat right behind me.  The age of patrons ran the full gamut with most of them being my age and older.
4	We've been to this buffet a number of times since it opened and it's always been pretty decent. We hadn't been here for for quite some time and decided to go yesterday. I was pleasantly surprised.I usually get the same things and they're always good. This time I found that there were a greater variety of items and I didn't have the same thing twice. In fact, after trying a little of this and a little of that I was too full to make it to the dessert area.Everything was hot, fresh, juicy and tasted great. The ONLY thing I tried that was bland and flavorless was the white gravy. Which was too bad since the pork it was paired with was awesome.
3	Food wasn't as great as I expected. It was mediocre. The best part is the chocolate fountain. MMmmm. Add some chocolate covered strawberries to your ice cream and its perfect.
3	It's Golden Corral. The food is neither great nor bad. It's Golden Corral. The server was around as was appropriate. Refilling our drinks. It's Golden Corral. We all know what to expect. I fully believe that all Golden Corrals are Meccas for carnies. Or at least, aspiring carnies. It's Golden Corral, get it? It's a little pricey for buffet fare, but you get so many options. The food is as plentiful as the clientele is porcine. Seriously though, get the mac and cheese.And the mashed potatoes. On the same plate.Do it.
4	The Good:Food is decentVariety is certainly thereSpecials are awesomeDid I mention Dessert?The Not so great:Location - I wish there was one closer.Always packedNot the cleanest although they have fixed that more and more as of late.This is one of my sons favorite places to go (could be because he eats like a moose).Not a Vegas buffet but one of the best in Phoenix as far as buffets go.
4	I am not a fan of buffets. Not because of bad food. Because there is to much there to eat and I eat more than I need. It was my Mother In Laws birthday. This is one of their favorite places to eat. We are all seniors and the food is very affordable and the food is good. Oh and you can stuff yourself so you are sure to get your moneys worth!!This time we had a lady that took care of our table. Her name was Linda.  WoW!! The best service I have had anywhere. She was great. Always there to remove plates and fill your glass and coffee after the meal. I do hope you have the pleasure of having her for your table waiter when you eat there. I started to watch her. She was moving faster than anyone else by at least two times. Never a waisted moment. She was giving every table she took care of the same attention she did us. Because of this service I went to talk with the manager as we left to let him know what a star he had in Linda. I also wrote a letter to their corporate to let them know. We often easily write about good service and bad service. When we get bad service? Some of us will tell the management. Some of us will just not return. I may do both or neither. I do tell the management and write letters when I get great service. RememberEnjoy
3	There aren't a lot of buffets that I will go to anymore, but for some reason I keep coming back to Golden Corral.They have steak grilled to order, which is awesome. And they usually have a few varieties of shrimp, most of which is de-veined and very very good. Also their yeast rolls are outstanding.I wish there were more locations (particularly closer to me) because this place is always packed--which makes perils of its own from a cleanliness viewpoint. Invariably I will see some person doing some thing that will make me avoid a particular food item for the rest of that night. (No. Seriously. If you are the kind of person who will stick something into a chocolate fountain, take a bite from it, and then put it BACK into the chocolate fountain again--kill yourself.) There are signs everywhere that say clearly that nobody under 10 is to be unaccompanied by an adult but there are children running around everywhere anyway (perhaps if the notices were bilingual. Or maybe the staff could try a little gentle reinforcement. Just a thought.)The staff does their best to keep things clean though, I very rarely see them slacking off. The restrooms aren't ever in terrible condition, there is hand sanitizer provided in multiple locations... Really I can't find any reason to say this is a place you should never go. The food is consistently good, and the dessert selection is very nice. If you can deal with the inevitable 10-20% of the current patronage at any given time being devoid of tact and class then hey go for it. It's closer than a Vegas buffet..
3	As clean as you expect a cheaper buffet to be, though maybe a bit more expensive due to the selection.  They were doing their best to unclog pieces of fish from the chocolate fondue fountain (ok it wasn't fish, but something) the last time I was there but having had it before I wasn't sad to not get any (it tastes fairly horrible).  They have a pretty solid selection and the food is pretty good.I give it slightly more than a meh but not quite yum.
5	We love to eat out and we used to go to all different places. NOW we only go to The Golden Corral. It has the best food and we spend over 40 dollars taking a cab there and back home so you know it must be good! I don't care what anyone else says, it is the best..
5	Place was packed to the gills last night. Even so, the staff made quick work seating us, and getting us started. The wait staff was on the ball with clearing plates and keeping drinks refilled. Really good service. The guy on the grill was on the top of his game. Every one of my steaks were cooked perfectly. Was really happy with everything overall and left a good tip for my server. Will definitely be back soon!
3	The food is okay. Not great. Just okay. They use too much pepper in their fried foods, perhaps because they don't have much flavor on their own. The fries are mushy. Good selection of other foods.  Nachos are great.The chocolate fountains are a draw for kids but are really kind of scary if you watch what goes on at them. With 3 different fountains in 3 different flavors you get people sticking stuff in one after the other so all 3 are mixed since the stuff recycles and there are food particles all around them. The items they serve to dip are horrendously dried out or wilted. I really don't know why the fountains are so popular with any adult.The one real complaint I have is that you have to rely on wait staff to get drink refills. By wait I mean waaaait... we were there nearly a half hour before our server breezed by our table. The one refill we got was because I got up and went to the register myself. I've been to Golden Corral before and this is par for the course.
3	The food here is disgusting. Everything has way too much salt. I tried a little bit of almost every thing the have here, and none of it tasted good. Let me take that back. The salad was mediocre,  and note really worth remembering whether for the fact it was the best thing that have to eat here. Their desert section looks good, and I'm hoping that they don't salt that too. The wait staff is great, which is the only reason I didn't give this place one star.   The waiter I had here is far below where he should be in the service industry. It's rare that I get great service in almost any restaurant much less a buffet. Jason my waiter here was phenomenal,  and I wish that could get service as good at his at other restaurants
4	The best buffet around.I love the variety of food available. The kids love it too because they are able to get something for their taste buds!!!
1	First thing they do is get your drinks...but NEGLECT to let you know THEY ARE NOT INCLUDED in your meal cost. At $11.50 for dinner the least thy could do is include the damn drink. I also do not appreciate the staff speaking Spanish.
1	I went for breakfast and I wasn't amazed. I found my self going to the buffet multiple times to try and find something descent. I took little bites of my meal fearing I wouldn't like it. I definitely will not be back for breakfast.
4	Def cleaned up since the last time I was here AND they have fried green tomatoes & chicken livers?!?! OH YEAH!
2	This is like a glorified walmart food court which they discontinued for a reason! Place is dirty and the back family room smells of urine so can i say not real appetizing. Food is plentiful and of a large variety but the atmospere is dirty, which always makes me question the cleanliness of the kitchen.
5	I've read other reviews for this location and I think I may just have a skewed view of things. This place is always clean, the food is hot and has a good flavor. To some it may be over spiced but for me, it's good eat in'!The drinks are not included, but I feel the price is fair considering its an all you care to eat buffet and they serve steak and other items which you don't usually find in the usual buffet. The variety is good. Soup and salad bar; entrees like baked chicken or fish and hot sides; grill with steaks and ribs; Chinese and Mexican dishes; dessert and breads.Love their cheesy broccoli soup and the salad bar is well stocked.
2	If you are on a salt restricted diet, don't eat here! Everything is over salted and some is actually so salty it is inedible!!!
2	This place certainly was not anywhere near as good as other locations I have been to. The seats were all worn down and highly uncomfortable, most of the food had a funny taste (my chicken RED at the bone), and overall all atmosphere of the place had me completely on edge.
3	This is a family oriented House of Eating.   Quality of brand has improved vastly over the years.  Food selection is also vast. Adult Breakfast $9Adult Dinner $12Kids 4-8 $5Under 3 FreePhoenix aims to be among the healthiest in the hemisphere.   Foods here can support that.
