1	We were looking forward to trying this place as we've lived in the area for some time.  We recently had a family member from out of state visiting us and he went into this establishment for us on a Saturday morning and had a very negative experience in that the  young man working behind the counter abruptly asked, "What do you want?" as our guest was scanning the menu options.  Our guest proceeded to ask a question regarding an item or two and got another abrasive and even sarcastic response along with a smirk and chuckle followed by "Well are you going to order?"  Our guest replied "no thanks" and walked out then proceeded to go to Safeway next door for his bagels.  Needless to say we'll never know whether Oasis has good food or not as the service and attitude was so poor we'll never go in.  We have and continue to work in the service industry somewhat and we know that the best way to protest poor service or food is not to patronize the restaurant or business.
5	Here is a real review of this place.  We were visiting family over Thanksgiving who live WAY out in Goodyear and walked down to the bagel shop for breakfast one day.  The bagels are GREAT!  They have very nice looking pastries (my son had a donut but I didn't get to try it because he ate it so fast).  I had their stock coffee which was very good coupled with flavored creamer.  The wait staff was very helpful.  They also have some great looking ice cream!  The place is cramp inside but the tables outside were very roomy.  I would definitely visit again next time we come into town.
5	I stop in regularly for a cup of coffee before I head to work. Honestly, this little place is just what I've been waiting for since we moved up here 8 years ago. Good coffee, delicious bagels and pastries plus a few other menu items. I'm always greeted with a smile and the staff is so helpful. The place is clean and photography adorns the walls. You can either sit inside or outside on the patio tables. Either way, it's always good.
5	Oasis Bagels provides amazing, good-quality food along with exceptional customer service. The sandwiches, drinks, and pastries are all very well prepared, and the staff is very friendly and helpful. Must-eat for anyone in the Estrella Mtn. Ranch neighborhood in Goodyear, AZ!
4	Great bagels, yummy coffee, friendly service. The ONLY reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is they get slowed down significantly by only having one toaster. Sometimes it takes a very long time to get my order. Other than that, it's great!
1	I WILL NEVER PATRONIZE THIS PLACE AGAIN IF IT'S THE LAST EATERY ON EARTH FOR A MEAL.Bagels were ok but the attitude and reception from the owner is a MINUS (-5) but that grading is not possible but definitely warranted for this Owner and her establishment.I live in the Estrella Mountains and only minutes from this place so the wife and I frequented the store for weeks hoping to patronize local eateries and establishments. And one thing became very apparent each and every time we went there...the owner of the establishment completely ignored us. At first my wife and I thought maybe she was busy and didn't notice us, but being such a small place you get to know everyone relatively quickly, ESPECIALLY, if they frequent your business each and every weekend.  So we decided to say hello to her on one of our weekly Saturday visit to and see if we read it incorrectly and give her the benefit of the doubt, but sure enough she never acknowledged us at all.  Not even a smile!  But it gets worse... she walked passed us to greet another customer sitting next to us that arrived after we were seated. So I looked at my wife and said "it couldn't be because we are a interracial couple, huh?"  Oh maybe we were invisible or covered in manure... It just had to be something we ourselves could not see or notice ourselves.  I really didn't get it!So we went a few more times because this just couldn't be the case in the 21st Century with a Black President.  Heck No!  Sure enough a few more Saturdays passed and not even a look in our direction.  I truly wish I could express how I feel about such people but I want this message be read and the message get out that this is our discovery dealing with this store never to spend another dime with them again.  R.I.P.
5	Our family loves this place. I read a recent review that feels they are racially biased. I don't see much of this issue as I go through my day, and I sure don't see it here. We are a racially mixed family, and the whole staff, including the couple that own the place, are always so nice to us. As for their product;  top shelf!  So nice to see others in the community embrace a locally owned place. Quality and friendly always wins.
2	Say no to oasis on bagels.  Bagels were hard and they did not even cut them or give me any cream cheese.  I ordered over a dozen and the least I'd expect was for them to be cut and fresh.  Only thing else I've tried was their smoothies, and they were not what I expected.
5	I Love Oasis Bagels.  Most importantly they have great bagels.  unlike anything else you will find.  Good omlettes, and the chicken sandwich for lunch is my favorite.  I have been many times and find the quality to be always good.  A great part of the community and neighborhood.  Friendly people and a great meeting place.
5	What a difference a REAL BAGEL tastes like!  My entire family, Including a high school and college kid love this place. So nice to have a quick and Quality place to send my kids instead of fast food. Lovely staff, great coffee, free wifi. All the bagel flavors are awesome. Try the almond cookies!!
5	We have been going here for the past two years or so. Great bagels, sandwiches, and coffee drinks.  Definitely a nice place to have in Estrella.  The staff is friendly and I usually always see the owner (or whom I assume to be the owner) out and about interacting and working hard.
4	Breakfast is really good with the bagel sandwiches. The spreads are really flavorful and fresh. Tends to get crowded inside, so you may have to sit outside. Not the fastest service in town, but worth the wait. Make sure and use the punch card every time to get your free bagel sandwich after 9 purchases.
5	Fresh baked bagels are so good during the morning commute.  I pick the smoked salmon "special" on an everything toasted bagel most mornings.  Egg and ham on a jalapeno bacon bagel is also awesome.  Usually busy in the mornings is a good sign for a small business surrounded by competitors.   At 6 am there are more people waiting in line here than at the new Mc Donald's across the parking lot.   Enjoy good fresh cooked breakfast and lunch and support a local small business - the classic win win.
4	Fresh bagels with a variety to choose from, I think this place is fantastic.  Fresh coffee with lots of special drinks including cappuccino and iced coffee.The bagels are awesome, they even have special sandwiches including my favorite of lox!  They have blueberry, egg, plain, gluten free, etc.  You can taste the freshness, make sure you get a punch card so you can get your free bagel after 9 purchases.  Very nice and a true joy to get good bagels so far up this mountain, instead of driving down the hill.The service is fine, perhaps because we are regulars I feel we get better service.  But I think all the customers get treated well at this place.The complex is growing and with the new McDonald's I hope this place continues to thrive since I am a sucker for small businesses.  Plenty of parking, located right next to the Safeway and maybe next time I will try their gelato and Italian ice cream.Yes, I like this place a lot.
5	I love this place! Great food, great service and great value! I came here mainly for breakfast and really didn't think it could be better for lunch....man was I wrong! Their roast beef was amazing and paired with a bagel that is baked fresh in the AM....Mmmmmmm! I really love how friendly everyone is and the punch card makes me feel like I am getting something in return for being a loyal customer! Great addition to EMR!
5	Bagels are so good! I've grown up surrounded by Jewish bagel delis and Oasis most definitely hits the spot. I love their breakfast sandwich and the lox and cream cheese. Carol is a gem, Estrella adores having her and her business here. This is the go to spot up the hill in the morning. Never had a bad experience and we go there weekly.
5	Best Bagels in Arizona!  Yummy sandwiches.  Great service...always smiling & friendly
5	I love Estrella Mountain local businesses! The employees are always so friendly and always try to treat you like a friend.. That is the case with this place! The lady I have had cash me out is always so nice! She always asks how I am doing and suggests items on the menu.. Just very impressed on their customer service. The food is great as well!! My favorite is the poppy seed bagel with olive pimento cream cheese!
5	The Oasis special is amazing! It's got sliced lox and cream cheese. The most important thing is that the staff are really nice, they remind me of visiting grandma.
4	Love this place!   Fresh food  & great  selections.  Staff  is  super nice.  Only  downside, space for seating.
