4	This little, cramped hole-in-the-wall place is chock full of the tackiest, most tasteless, light fixtures in the county! It seems that every time I stop in, there's something even more tacky--and since I absolutely LOVE tacky stuff, that's a very good thing.Modern Lighting also has all sorts of tchotchkies, like Phoenix Country Club playing cards, thoroughly modern handbags, costume jewelry, mid-century furniture, and the most adorable little foo-foo dog in the world! The owner found this little guy abandoned in Yuma of all places, nursed him back to health and now parades all 1 pound or so of him on the front counter--so don't come in there expecting to rob the place, or you'll have this little foo-foo dog aiming for your wrist and eating his way up!The vintage bubble light fixture we scored here looks really good in our 1953 retro-modern hybrid main bath, and the mineral oil lamp is just the ultimate in tastelessness! [I recall seeing them in every old trucker's house, now it's gonna be in my house!!!]So if you need some real fixtures for  your retro mid-century fixer-upper, head over to the corner of Central and Camelback and prepare to dish it up...
3	Modern Lighting is like a drag queen's jewelry box.  It's jam-packed with an overwhelming mix of tacky with a few hidden gems thrown in.  The trick spying the fabulous examples of period lighting in the jumble.  The styles range from Art Deco to Mid-century Modern.  This is the kind of place I have to avoid because I have a real soft spot for fantastic period lighting and it's an expensive habit, honey.  I end up falling in love with fabulous lighting and then trying to work it in my home.  If only I had a place for the gorgeous Murano Mid-century Modern baby blue and chrome ceiling fixture, it would have gone home with my on my last visit.Don't expect bargain basement prices because you won't find them here.  The lighting examples here are the real deal and the prices are fair.My only complaint is that the shopkeeper can be a bit brusque.  His people skills are lacking a bit, but the range of his inventory and the standout items more than make up for it.
1	Got to say, this is my first review ever on the internet.   I felt compelled.   Recently visited Modern Lighting, and would never purchase from that store.  The man at the counter in a teeny tiny over cramped store didn't even say hello when we walked it.   We were ready to purchase and we knew what we were looking for and needed five of them.   My very well behaved son accidentally hit a table with his shoe and the table shook.  Nothing broke nor even fell over.  It just startled us a bit.    The man at the counter irritated, threw is pen down and said "can I help you."  The irritated and bothered by us look on his face let me know I would not purchase from him.   I said "no" and we left.   I didn't think I was over reacting.  And I was confirmed when I see other reviews describing him as  "brusque".  In a financial crisis, kissing up to the customer helps.  We moved on.
3	I hope you are flexible, because you'll need to be if you plan on coming in here and not breaking anything.  This store is jam packed with all sorts of things, mostly lighting of course.  The styles in here range from boring to tacky to magnificent.  Unfortunately there isn't much of a price range other than expensive and more expensive.  I'm no expert on vintage lighting, so I have no idea if the pricing is fair, but I'm not really going to pay 250 for a metal cylindrical tube as a light fixture.  I really like most of the stuff in here, it's quite entertaining.  The comment about this place being a drag-queen's jewelry box is spot on.  If you find yourself on Central and bored, I suggest at least stopping in for the entertainment value of this place.
1	If you want to get ripped off, belittled, and treated like garbage... then this is the place for you.  I RECOMEND NO ONE shop here.  Horrible business ethics all around.
5	I don't know why others had such a problem with the owner Petey: I went in for the first time last weekend and he was just fine. Perhaps its because I've learned over the years how to communicate to boutique shop owners that I'm not "just looking" but I'm on a hunt for the perfect fucking end tables and I hate chrome.You would be surprised how far that approach goes at any place: tell the owner what you like and don't like right away. Letting them know you have an opinion allows them to engage with you as someone who appreciates design; not just another customer.Now with that rant out of the way, I'd like to let you know that you'll find some cool shit here. Its a serious challenge to see everything there is in such a cramped place, so plan ahead to spend some time there. And for the love of God, don't bring your kid. In fact, go alone so you can make it around easier.You wont find everything in perfect condition, but the prices are very reasonable. I felt like I was getting away with murder when I picked up a lamp last time. Go support Petey and his dog, they're good at what they do.
1	I have been here twice. And by "been here" I mean made it through the door and managed to stay for about 1 minute before we were met with the delightful attitude of the owner. I've never made it more than 3 or 4 feet into this cramped and overpriced store. The first time we came in after grabbing some coffee from Dutch Bros next door. Upon entering we were greeted by a friendly "NO DRINKS ALLOWED!" Since we obviously look like the spilling of drinks type, we moved along and did not return for about a year. I guess a simple "can you please leave your drinks in your car" or some other friendly solution was inconceivable! Recently, we reluctantly decided to give the store another shot since were out & about looking for mid-century treasures. This time we even left our coffee in the car, since we didn't want to be accosted by the owner. We entered. My husband saw something and asked the owner a question about it. The owner opened his mouth & gave him a snide remark. That's when we remembered how awful this man is.So if you enjoy buying overpriced lamps from a giant prick, this is your place. However, there are several places in the valley with awesome finds that actually have a grasp on the value of customer service and aren't run by giant weiners. We decided to take our money elsewhere and bought a bunch of stuff from Modern Manor instead.
1	Ahhh..most of you are 100% right on.  Looking for some pendant lights and went even knowing (heard through the grapevine not from Yelp) that the owner was ill-mannered and ghetto.  He was chatting it up when we arrived with a woman that was going to house him in "Vallarta" for free.  He was very friendly to her....looking for a sponser apparantly.   We walked around and he never said one word to us, we returned the favor, (we weren't the proprietor, we were the customers).  He was trying to 'quit'  with his smugness and wasn't smart enough to know that he had been 'fired'.  Really now, get over yourself.  Your not that neat and actually your just plain goofy and so is your store.  Glorified yard sale.  It all  really looked junky and cheap and especially so since we had just been up the road to Stuff, which is astronomically priced but exquisite and the owner approached us more then once to ask if we 'needed help' or 'could help us find anything'.   Manners, underated.
1	I have been looking for a pair of mid century lamps for my living room, and several people suggested I stop into Modern Lighting.  I went in on a Saturday morning and found a beautiful pair of lamps.  To my dismay, the owner was downright rude and unprofessional.  He quoted me $200/each, and then several minutes later when I was asking again, the price had jumped to $250/each (I brought 2 girlfriends in with me who overheard this discrepancy).  When she head the jump in price, my friend proclaimed "I think that's too high for those lamps," and suddenly we were persona non grata at this shop. It was as if the owner's split personality came out at that moment, because he bristled at her comment, refused to look at me or speak  directly to me and told us the lamps were no longer available and had been "sold" (funny, because they were for sale 30 seconds prior). I asked about another lamp that I had been considering and he said it was also no longer available (ie: get the hell out of my store). He then strode to the front of the shop, opened the door and basically pushed us out of his shop.I was SHOCKED to be treated like this:a) because I was genuinely considering buying those lampsb) because my friend was simply telling me she thought the price was high, and it wasn't even MY comment that irked the proprietor c) because he so clearly lied about pricing, quoting me two very different prices within a few minutes.Needless to say, I will not be going back.
1	I walked in and asked one question and the clerk was unwilling to help and was also rude. It's worth driving the extra few blocks to hinkleys. As a manager of a retail store myself, this is a horrible way of handling customers and I doubt this place will be in business much longer.
1	I have to say, I am pretty disappointed in Yelp and their usually unnecessary Filtering.   Scroll down to the 13 FILTERED reviews.. all of but 1 are 1 star.
5	I NEVER consider writing reviews on yelp considering most are angry customers or friends/family of the business. I made an exception for Modern Lighting because when I searched online for his website, I found these remarks. With most of my time spent in Central Phoenix (live, work, son's school, etc.), I seek hidden jewels to do most of my shopping needs/wants. When I first went into this store, yes, the owner wasn't the typical customer service rep that you are used to experiencing from Home Depot. However, he is an expert at his job and values his merchandise in a way that keeps his products valuable. If this means that you should keep your kids on a leash, leave your food and drinks at the door (which should be a no-brainer) and proceed with caution, than so be it. I walked into Modern Lighting needing a light to fit in a 12x12 recessed area within my ceiling and the owner provided expert advice with a selection of unique products. In the time he was showing me the options I had, he opened up a different side of him that was absolutely charming and welcoming. This is a perfect example of why you should never judge a book by its cover. I treated him and his store with respect and I received the same respect in return. If you're looking for a cliche, scripted business that will tell you what you want to hear, than there's plenty of big box stores that will be happy to take your money. But, if you're in the market for rare/unique lighting fixtures or light repair, than you found the right place.
1	Tried passing by with the sidewalk with my handicap relative. We were going to the skateboard shop few doors down the ramp next to his place was the the closest if not only ramp..  I asked him if he wouldn't mind moving a few thing so we could pass "rolled by he said I quote "this is private property" "I don't have to move a thing"I can't believe he gave her/me such a hard time. The place is clutter and he is pathetic it was 109 outside. He ended up moving it. I wish I could give him no stars. Since he move it a one star ok.
1	We just parked in front of this store to do some shopping in the plaza when immediately after we got out of our car, some bozo employee starts barking at us threatening to tow from this lighting store. We were simply going to go get a sandwhich and he was talking rude to us and literally watched us walk down the entire sidewalk to the sandwhich shop "Cheese and Stuff". I've never been treated like this by any retail store EVER and we were even shopping!!! What's even more funny is we actually need a new lamp and this guy clearly doesn't want ANY customers!!!!!Stay away from this place whatever you do as rude people don't need to be in business.
