1	I called this cab for a 5 am ride to the airport from my workplace. My cell phone was broken at the time, and I don't have a home phone. I explained all of this to the person taking my appointment, and she became belligerent. She asked where I was calling from, if I don't have a home phone. She accused me of prank calling, because I don't have a home phone - this argument is patently absurd. She even said that she doesn't know me, I could be at a club at 5 am rather than waiting in front of my house for the taxi that I was calling 18 hours in advance for.In the end, I straight up asked her: "so, is this going to be a problem or can you come get me? I can call another company if you really can't do it." She replied that there were no guarantees. Of course, I asked what that meant. Then I said, "look, is someone coming tomorrow or not? Just tell me if you're not coming, so I can call another company." She said, finally, yes, someone will be there between 5:15 and 5:45, and I told her that I'd wait outside and described my house (fire hydrant, irish flag, etc.). At that point she appeared to have stopped listening.Of course, I was outside from 5 until 5:55, and no one showed. I took the bus with my 100 lbs of luggage (this was Christmas time, and I had lots of presents for my family). When I got to my family's place, I called back to make sure they hadn't sent someone I missed. What do you know, no record of the call! So that woman was messing with me, she didn't even put in a request! When I asked to complain, the person who answered the phone refused to take the complaint, saying it was their policy to take a phone number so it couldn't have happened. She refused to call a supervisor. They basically screwed me over, then spat on me.She answered Henderson/Whittlesea. I assume that Whittlesea is the same company, with the same horrible service and complete disregard for their patrons and basic customer service.
5	After waiting for an hour for Desert Cab to send a ride to pick me up last night, I found this company and called for a ride.Just 9min later, a taxi cab came. Fast and great customer service. What else are you asking for? Bookmarked for future use.
3	Service was good.  Driver was friendly informative and helpful.Issue came up that the driver took us the long way to the hotel after asking him to take us the short way.  His response is he'd take us via the freeway.  The freeway is not the shortest route.  The short way from the airport to the Strip is Paradise to Sahara.  I called their office and talked to the operation's manager's assistant.  They were friendly and apologetic. I was persistant about getting credited because this behavior happens a lot in Vegas.  In later taxi trips, we had the GPS on our iphone to "help" the driver find the best route.  I figured it saved us 20% in taxi costs.Henderson Taxi ran the comparison between the 2 routes. They made the driver pay back the $6.00 difference and they mailed me a money order as promised. I'd give them a 4+ score for this service and commitment.I'd use them again.  This time I'd tell them to use Paradise to Sahara.
1	I was picked up at terminal 3 around 12:30 am Sunday April 7,2013 by an Hispanic driver (male) in a mini van to go to the mandalay bay. It cost 25$. The hotel is barely a few miles away. He took the tunnel and the highway which results in a much longer drive and is prohibited and he could have been fined for what they call 'long-hauling'. I'll pass on Henderson cabs in the future. Unfortunately I did not find out about this practise until a few days later.
4	Called for a car to go to rent a car. Driver was nice and we felt safe unlike another car service which almost got us killed. Took us the route we expected and it came to the price we expected. Very satisfied and will call them when I go to Vegas again!
1	If you are in Henderson Nevada you will find it easier to hitchhike than wait over an hour for this outfit to send a cab to your house.
5	It's unfortunate the number of negative reviews this company gets. I have been using them for over a year. I fly in/out at least once every month. I have never had a driver that was not either on time or early. They have all been very pleasant and the cabs are always clean. They have always taken me the most direct route, in fact one driver showed me a short cut that I was unaware of. I will continue to use them.
1	I needed a 10 minute drive from the hospital to a house and after calling 4 times to get told bs responses  and waiting over an hour.  They referred me to another cab company.  Class act company here.
1	Shady cabs. Left my phone in cab. Offered $20 for him to bring it back 5 mins after being dropped off; he responded $50. Sure ok...
2	I don't know why I keep calling this company; I guess it's because I live in Henderson and their name sounds convenient.First you listen to a minute-long message about how to file a disability discrimination complaint (??), and then you get to talk to a human to request a cab.This last time, the ride starts with:"How you doing today?""Good, how are you?" I wish I'd never asked.  For the next ten minutes I get to hear about how terrible his day is, and how that's because people are such lousy tippers.Well now I had to up my tip from a quarter to seventy-five cents.Can't wait til Uber takes over Vegas.
1	Today we took this cab and I felt really unsafe while we was riding with the driver. He did not know where to go when we told him our destination, then there was a photo of a person stating that he had a license to drive a taxi and it wasn't even the driver. I will not ride with then company again!
5	My driver Edward, pickup was at Sam's Town going to Trader Joe's in Green Valley, he was very polite, curteous and friendly...he waiting while I shopped upon his advisement that it would take 30-60 minutes if I called for a taxi upon finish, so total ride round trip was $60 and well worth the time and therefore got a good tip.. $90 total...
