4	Well the place looks like another junky Pittsburgh bar, but there is definitely something to check out here. And that would be the "famous corned beef" sandwich. It's not an exaggeration. It's good. Not sure why you would end up in downtown Pittsburgh, but if you do and want something tasty, this is a place to check out. Expect a busier crowd when lunchtime hits for all the poor little office workers.
4	Sammy's is well-known for it's corned beef sandwiches!  They are actually very tasty, and the beef is fresh and tender.
3	Oh Sammy's...how glad I am to reconnect. I had first sampled the famous about five years ago and hadn't had one since.  Now, that I've moved the office downtown it's convenient for me to visit as much as I'd like.  Ray, Tom and I found ourselves wondering around the city around lunchtime trying to get a lay of the land and find the good lunch spots when we spotted Sammy's... I had almost forgot about this place.  There are a few locations around the city with two downtown (I think?).  The one we went to is close to 6th St. I think.  You walk in and it looks like anyother dumpy yinzer bar with a poke machine to the left next to the cigarette vending.  There is a large bar in the center of the restaurant with plenty of regulars having a lunch beer. It's relatively dark inside and for somereason really muggy, not sure why because it's relatively cool outside.  There also is a few larger tables on the right where we decide to sit.  At first we all sat down thinking that there was a server, there wasn't.  So, we looked a little dumb (not the first time), then we realized that you actually order and pay yourself in the back.  In the back there is a deli counter with large coolers to also purchase beer by the 6 pack (I guess).  I order for Ray and myself.  I get one corned beef on rye with swiss and a side of dark mustard.  I also get another corned beef with cole slaw as the topping for us. Tom gets the corned beef with cole slaw ontop.  I also order a couple orders of macaroni salad and grab a couple of iced teas out of the cooler.  We walk back to the table and I first sample the macaroni salad, not good...not good at all...The flavor is somewhat offputting and there also is something sweet like cinammon in it.  I only have a bite.  Now, the sandwiches are great!  I had a 1/2 of the Corned Beef on rye wiht mustard and it's great!  The bread is fresh, the mustard is cgood quality and the corned beef is delicious piled high packed with flavor.  The other 1/2 I tried with the coleslaw on top is also delicious the coleslaw is creamy and is the perfect topping for the savory corned beef.  I'm glad I re-discovered this place and the next time I'll just get a sandwich to go.
4	Sammy's is still the best place in Downtown Pittsburgh to get a good corned beef sandwich.  It's still a little dive hole-in-the wall place across the street from Kaufmann's--ahem--Macy's.  Still as popular as ever with the lunch crowds, but a great place to go for an inexpensive lunch.
2	I like a dive restaurant as much as the next person, but this is not my kind of place.  It smelled dirty, the bartender and the lady who took our orders were both very unpleasant, and the food didn't taste fresh.  It just doesn't look clean in there, so that is a major concern.  You can be a bit hole-in-the-wallish, but you still need to keep the place clean.  Our table smelled like a moldy washcloth had been used to wipe it.  Won't be eating there again.
2	I don't understand why this place think's it has famous Corned Beef. I can only believe it's because there are no other deli's downtown.  The restaurant/bar is a dive.  The Corned Beef is nothing great and their side dishes are nothing special.  Not worth the trip.
1	I walked into Sammy's expecting a ny style corned beef sandwich and that is not what you get. I don't think Sammy has ever even had a good corned beef sandwich. Meat was dry under seasoned and Luke warm. The bread was just sliced supermarket bread. I hate to say it but giant eagle makes a better sandwich than this place. Don't waste your time
