4	This is presently my branch of Bank of America. It's a great location because there aren't often long lines (unless you go on a Friday evening, and then you can forget about it). It's convenient for me, so I'd use it even if it weren't a fast, friendly, uncongested location, but it is, which makes it better.The staff is helpful if you have any kinds of issues. I had a check card stolen not too long ago, and the people in the office got me a substitute one right away, set everything up to get my new one, and made sure that all the charges that weren't mine were reversed. I appreciated the quick and compassionate service, as I was pretty freaked out.
3	This branch was recently expanded, which is a good thing, because it is always absolutely slammed (perhaps a change over when Joy wrote her review).  I don't know why exactly - but every single time I have ever been inside, it is always insanely busy.The expansion actually wasn't to the inside, however (at least as far as I know), it was to the outside.  The added several lines to the drive-through.  In a bit of a strange turn, the drive-through lanes are all two deep.  That means that there is someone in the front and someone in the back.  So if you get in the back you'll have to wait until the front person is done.  Think of a gas station, only you can't pull out until they are done.  Even the ATM drive through has two positions.  It's a little strange actually.Generally the setup seems to move well, but it really looks odd.  Most times I go into the lobby and use the ATM there, because for whatever reason people don't use it.  It's actually inside the doors (which is nice, because some other branches have the ATM outside).  There can be huge lines at the tellers, but there is no one at the ATM.  Often I'll get done before anyone has moved at the drive through lines...
1	I am a business customer and as such the business teller is NEVER open and when the sign is not up they take customers from the business line. Once I stood in the business line for 10 mins, while the regular line filled up with other customers, THEN they tell me there was no business teller that day. So I had to get at the back of the line and waited 20 mins. Uncalled for!
