1	We were there on a Friday at 5 PM. The reason I only gave it 1 star is because the burger was very good and it was made the way I asked for it. My husbands burger was not.But, the server and the fries left a lot to be desired. Let me preface by saying that we had been to several other locations. I like my fries crispy. I ask for them well done, extra crispy, scorched, tortured hollow tubes. Whatever their buzz word is for well done. EVERY OTHER 5 GUYS HAS COMPLIED. But not the one at TATUM AND SHEA. She said that corporate said they are not to cook the fries that way. So if we were to put up with soggy fries - yes soggy, then we did not want them. She also interrupted us several times which is rude. THEN she went and called corporate just to double check for us and she came to the table and said no, they were not to cook them that way. Seriously? We did not ask for her to do this. She actually accused us of being undercover shoppers. We started to say something and then again- she interrupted.Listen, if you explain that our choice is not how the company wishes to present their product and we still choose to have them a different way, you should comply. It is after all our money and our decision. I was raised with the rules that #1 the customer is always right. And #2 if the customer is wrong REFER TO RULE NUMBER 1!!We will not return. They have lost our business and I hope she loses her job.If you want to try a really good burger AND FRIES place- go to Paradise Valley Burger Company at 40th Street and Bell. You will not be disappointed.Just watch- I am sure they will have their employees write glowing reviews so the rating will rise.
3	Burgers are ok mine was a little greesy. Better than most fast food places. There are other burger places that are better. I dont think I will be back since there are better choices close by.
4	I loved the cheeseburger!! And didn't have any of the lousy experiences the other yelpers had. No smoke, really nice servers, and hot, non-greasy burgers. We've had our share of lousy over-priced burgers but we all agreed that the burgers here were really good. The lovely's sister was in town and she's a fan of the fries [she has them in Denver...] I wanted a cheeseburger after the fabulous Christmas show extravaganza down the street and was not disappointed. Two patties, cheese and ketchup - juicy n tasty.  De freakin lish. Hot fresh and yum. The lovely had more 'decorations' on his and enjoyed it along with the other half of mine. And while I'll go out of my way for a cheeseburger, will not for fries. The sis thinks these are the bomb. I was meh. They're freshly cut and hot, not overly salted - fine. And good lawd enough to feed a family of four!! Pricey but better than In and Out or Smashburger. By. Far. Would not hesitate to return. I will - because of Stephen B's  August rant -  go try Delux :)
5	This is by far the most edible burger in the Tatum/Shea area.  The fries are great, but one thing stands out:  the people are happy and nice!!!  Nice burger people, how's that for an oxymoron ;). Oh and they have Coca Cola's freestyle machine too (infinite soda mixtures).  BTW I think the people that gave this place one or two stars were eating in an alternate universe.
2	And the award for the worst fast food burger over $6 goes to......
3	The name is a little misleading, there were only 4 guys present, as well as 1 girl.  The cashier was more than pleasent and took my ribbing well. It was our first time at this chain so we knew little about the menu.  I'm glad they had in big type the fact that they use Peanut Oil as my wife is allergic to nasty little buggers.The selection of toppings was more than I expected, they had jalapenos.  I found the burgers to be about the same as most other hamburger joints.  Hamburger Joints do not include the "golden arches" or the pigged tail redhead or the king.It won't be my goto place, but I won't shy away from it.
5	I'm not sure where the other people actually ate at, as it couldn't be this 5 Guys. Always great service, friendly folk, and great food. The fries are perfect, certainly not soggy. The bacon cheeseburger is to die for. Super quality, never dried out. I travel around the world, and whenever I come back, this is my first stop. It's not fine dining, but pure carnivore lust. If you want a milkshake, pita, or wine, this isn't your place. Great music, too.
5	5 guys was good as ever.  They gave us extra fries since the wait for the food was a little longer than normal - although, we weren't in a hurry so the wait wasn't bothering us.  Of course, they give you so many fries to start with that extra fries turned out to be way more than we could reasonably eat!  My husband, unable to let any fries go to waste - they are good, took one for the team and finished them up.It seems they have also added to their menu since we were last there.  There is now a veggie sandwich and an option to order a small fries - which is good since a regular fry is too much for one person.My kids still love the coke machine where you can select and mix your own flavors and the peanuts that you eat while you wait.  Overall, we think 5 guys is a fun place and always enjoy a return trip.
5	I finally get it.I have been to several other Five Guys across the country, in places like New York, Ohio, Texas, and even a couple other locations here in the Valley.  I have always loved their burgers, but have always had a problem with the fries.  I see the awards for the fries on the wall, and even more telling, I see the hand-written index cards on their bulletin boards about how the actual customers at that very location love the fries.  I have always found them lacking - not crispy.  Until now.This place does them right - crispy every time.  I don't know what they're doing differently than the other locations I have been to, but they need to keep it up.  My favorite Five Guys.  And now they have a smaller sized fry.  Perfect.
5	My favorite fast food burger in the valley.  Yes, InNOut is also good, but the amount of toppings you can get here is what I'm really after.  Plus, the meat is just more flavorful.  They are open late and always greet you with a smile...even if you waltz in 10 minutes before they close.Cheeseburger, all the way, minus mayo, plus jalapenos.
1	She's gone. Apparently the employees were happy to see her go as well. If I am so hungry and the other 12 places right nearby are closed I might go again to see if they'll scorch my fries.
3	Earnest help who want to please. I eat meat occasionally, but only hormone free. Would go to this convenient place if they had a healthy hamburger; either grass fed and/or hormone free.
2	Last evening was my first visit at this location. As a huge fan 5 Guys this location did not impress me. I am highly disappointed in the customer service. I walked in and was not immediately greeted. Matter of fact it was around 7pm at night and the location was super slow. Only two tables had patrons and me the walk in. There were three employees working. A mail stocking up fries, another mail cleaning the grill and a woman who was the person who rang me up stocking/cleaning the condiments. As I stood at the register she did not realize I had been there for a while because she was consumed in her work. Finally another employee noticed me and greeted me. I was asked if I had been here before and mentioned that I had and knew what I wanted. She had no smile and I had to repeat my order three times. Mind you I only ordered one veggie sandwich. She then placed her hand out not even looking at me telling me the total. Once I gave her the money she handed me my receipt and told me my number as she turned her back to walk away. As I my food was being cooked the man making the fries sneezed on his arm. Never washed his hands grabbed another tissue. What is gross he sneezed two more times repeating the same act. With no hand washing going on I prayed he would not be the person to deliver my food. Luckily it was the lady who rang me up but all she did was just handed me my bag then walked away. No thank you for my service. Either she was having a bad day or this is the service at this location which is disappointing as 5 Guys is not known for bad service.
3	Definitely love Five Guys. However, I was dissapointed that this location apparently doesn't know that they have a secret menu and they wouldn't make me a patty melt...
4	Here's an update on my previous stellar review of Five Guys.  First off, all of the people that work there are really nice, courteous and helpful.  The only reason I'm posting is because of soggy fries.  I'm not sure why, but last year they stopped making the fries extra crispy and when you get a large portion, about a third of them are cold and soggy.  I know it's very personal, but I'd rather eat cold well done fries than cold undercooked ones.For now, I guess the nice folks there are under orders from executive burger management to not overcook their fries; we'll still come as they're the nicest folks around :)
4	Came here for their Cajun fries. I like that they have a small size, the regular size I got last time was huge! Yummy fries, and they make them fresh which is cool. Might try their veggie sandwich one day.
