3	The location is good, avenue is a few doors down making it easy to shop for Plus Sizes.  There are many items and so much to choose from. The clearance section is pretty big. They accept coupons and the clerks are helpful.  They can be pricey if its not on sale, if you are on a budget I'd hit avenue. If you want quality stay here. I just wish they carried bigger sizes than a 28 and more stretch knits.
4	I love their tights.  That is really the only thing I buy here and that being the sizes are too big for me now. :)  The staff was great here.  They didn't have the color of tights that I wanted.  They ordered them on line and had them shipped to the store for free.  I received emails when the product was shipped and when they arrived at the store. Over all a great experience!
5	Niko was amazing! She helped me find my trur size bra and the proper way to wear it. She also made my mom comfortable with a bra after her double mastectomy. I will always return to Niko!
5	I went in to this store for the first time today. Niko (or was it Miko?) was the most helpful sales associate I can remember in a long, long time. She helped us cheerfully and patiently for two solid hours. She knew what sized bras we needed before we got them off the rack. Our group is...shall I say...a little stubborn, opinionated, and resistant to change. She showed us how a real woman looks and feels beautiful just by being confident, patient, and professional. The sizes are typically one size too big for me, but I still found a perfect bra today. Our friend found everything she needed...bras, active wear, blouses, and dress pants. It was such a pleasure meeting Niko, this fabulous, sexy, black woman, that I wanted to bring her with me for her help to other stores. Haha!We entered the store when it was fairly empty. As the store filled, she made her way around to everyone...never forgetting the three of us. It seemed to me that she had a following of women who go to her for her advice. She seemed to know each customer personally. How nice! I will go back. It was a very comfortable and welcoming atmosphere.
5	Finally a womens store with something for a man...a bench to sit on!
5	I am 33 and I find that as a plus size woman, no place has better bras or sales associates than Lane Bryant. This location is by far, my favorite in Las Vegas with the friendly and knowledgeable staff and trendier clothes than they had previously.  They must have changed designers because they are much more updated.  Lane Bryant bras and underwear are the best in fit and styles.   I went in because I was having horrible back pain with the bras I currently owned and I wanted to get an accurate fitting and someone to assist me. (Bra shopping, for me, is similar to trying to speak a foreign language, I have no clue about it!) So thankfully they have several bra whisperers that measure you, help you pick out bras and make sure you have the correct size while the bras are on you. They frequently have sales and although they can be pricey, to me, with the sales, it is worth it to get correct fitting clothing.  I found out I went from thinking I was a c cup to finding out I am a Triple D or F cup! WTF? Crazy, no wonder my back was hurting. The woman also told me that the plunge bra I was sold previously, could not support my huge boobs and that was why my back was hurting so bad. Now, my back does not hurt and although my bra is much bigger, I am a smitten kitten with the wonderful bras of Lane Bryant! In closing, if you have huge boobs, get the right bra and get it at this location of Lane Bryant.
