4	I've been playing kickball for a few seasons and it is a blast.  I play in the AZ Horizon division which allows drinking on the field.  I haven't had this much fun playing a sport in a long time.  I am sure the drinking has nothing to do with it ; )  We always go to Brennan's after the games for some flip-cup action and reduced priced food and pitchers.  If you are considering trying out kickball then you should.  Get a group of friends the like to drink and have a good time and sign up.
5	This is my 3rd season playing Kickball. I am amazed i went this long without hearing about it. It is the most fun you can have on a weeknight or weekend in your adult life. I think everyone needs to come enjoy the best friends, best parties, and best games...Goto www.kickball.com/azhorizon
1	First let me say that kickball is FUN, as it should be!!  Our team has a blast!  BUT, let me say that our league, AZ VALLEY, SUCKS!!  They are so unorganized it's ridiculous.  You know of the "half season" party they so promote and say is just so awesome was just about the lamest, unorganized, pathetic event I've ever seen.   The "host bar" Hazelwoods, was packed with tons of people, non kickball players, there was no where for our team to sit, much less stand.  We were told they weren't really even aware that we were having our mid season "party" there.  The "specials" that we were told about were simply the "specials" that Hazelwoods always has, so nothing special for AZ VALLEY league.  Then, we were supposed to get "tickets" for free drinks... But of course, you had to wait until 10pm to get them.  So, if you played at 7pm and were done at 8pm, you were supposed to sit around and wait until likely after 10pm to get your "free drink ticket".  I don't know about you guys, but some of us have to work on friday and don't want to sit around for a "free drink" until after 10.  Sure, we drank and stayed out, but NOT at Hazelwoods which was packed.The start of our season was delayed by almost a full month because some other league had issues and had to use our field.  Then of course, we had two rain delays (ok, reasonable).  But a season that should have started in Sept and end in Dec. is still playing in FEBRUARY!  Folks, I could go on and on, but I think you get the point.  This league is VERY unorganized, and for $70 and having to referee games, I will NOT be joining this league again.  I'm sure there are other leagues that are better organized, but AZ VALLEY is NOT.
4	I play in two leagues and I give one a five star review and the other a three star review.Kickball is a super fun way to meet cool people and get out of the house. It's also a great excuse for getting drunk in public on a weeknight. WAKA does a great job of organizing and works out amazing deals with the sponsor bars. The fees for the season are reasonable and the amount of fun that you will have is limitless.
3	Kickball is an absolute blast! Who knew this game would come back from our childhood and become so popular! You can drink on the fields, meet lots of cool new people, get a little exercise, and go to a local bar after the game to chat and hang with other league members. I'm heading into my 7th season and am so glad a friend turned me onto this! The games are at various parks, depending on which Division you choose. They give some discounts at the bar (light discount) after the game if you are with WAKA, and they have some parties mid and end of season. Also fundraisers for Charity, which I give a huge thumbs up to!Now, for the more negative aspects (dun dun dun!). It's 70 bucks per person, per season. Okay, not outrageous for a sports league, but basically this gets you a crap stiff t-shirt that fits awkwardly, washes badly, and usually rips. You have to ref the league games as well. For 70 bucks a pop we can't hire a few people to come and ref?? This can also alter some calls. Say someone is reffing who "doesn't like you, or your team"? What then you ask? Well, you'll get an inaccurate call. This is if the "refs" are even paying attention or know the guidelines and rules!Kickball being a "kid's game" also rings true at times. IT'S KICKBALL people... Not the Olympics, World Series, etc. It's a social league meant for fun. Sure, it's fun to win and have some good plays and burn (while ingesting) calories, but it shouldn't be so negative and competitive at times. If that's your bag, go join a competitive league (WAKA has those), or play softball of something. Leave the big rubber ball to those wanting to have a fun evening. We even brought a friend whom we tried to "recruit" for WAKA, who came to one game and said it didn't look like "fun" at all, and why was everyone so "serious and unfriendly while playing"? Ouch. Not the reaction WAKA wants I'm sure... In addition to all of this, WAKA forces additional team members on to your team to fill them to max capacity. So if you are being fair, everyone basically gets to play half the innings and kick once or twice. 70 bucks for a half a game? 5 stars for the pure awesomeness that is playing kickball as an adult, while drinking, enjoying being outside, meeting fun new people, and getting a little exercise.1 star for cost, having to ref, and negativity from some players. So WAKA I give you a 3! Get us some refs and a non POS shirt and I will up to a 4. This just might be my last season. Let's see how it goes, because I would hate for that to be the case!
5	I've played for over 6 years and in 3 different leagues, I can't say enough about WAKA! From parties to friends, trips to nights out on the fields, I've made the best of friends through WAKA and continue to play for all these reasons!
4	WAKA has leagues all over the Valley and I've pretty much played in all of them. Each league has it's own character, because it's the people that make the experience. If you show up and don't take the time to talk to people, you probably won't have a good time. That's on you. Your teammates are there to have fun.The social part of WAKA is where it excels over other league in the area. In addition to having a bar sponsor for the league and player parties through out the season, there are other outings through out the year which put WAKA over the top.
