3	Arby's is always awesome, this location is in the heart of the St. Rose/Eastern huge shopping area that covers pretty much every dining and minor shopping option you can think of.Little disappointed in the service time, obviously it's considered a fast food place, but this was the opposite of fast. There was a mini rush right before we went in tonight, and usually you can get your food in about 3-4 minutes. Tonight took over 10-12 minutes and there were only two small families in front of us, and what upset me the most was that a lady and her son that came in right after we ordered (finally) and got their food before the family in front of us. How does that make sense? From listening in and knowing what me and my lady got, none of us ordered any special items. Hell, pretty much all you can get is roast beef sandwiches and french fries, their menu is not that extensive. Food was on par, the sandwiches are what I expect and we destroyed us some arby sauce. I'm sure it was just a minor problem that tonight went so poor, but hey I review my experience. If I go back and it's better or worse I'll then update
3	It's Arby's.  Nothing much to say.
1	To the jerk who was working last night 4/11/13, try working until 11 pm like the hours indicate. I got to the drive thru at 10:35 and wanted to order giant roast beef sandwiches but this lazy @ didn't want to take any more orders. I waited 10 min, circled around again, saw 3 more cars get denied, then I finally left at 10:45.  I saw his ass inside too.  They are Supposed to close at 11pm.  As you can see, when I'm hungry, I want my dam food NOW.
1	The general manager Becky at this location is very rude! I showed her an online coupon that did not state one per customer (clearly Arby's fault! ) and she was clearly pissed off at me. Slamming stuff around an yelling to the other workers "I knew this was going to happen" I do not normally eat here and this was their one shot at potentially gaining me as a regular customer but no thanks to Becky I won't be returning even for free food! Horrible customer service training Arby's!! This is your management???
2	I have been a loyal Arby's customer for 20+ something years and this is the worst Arby's.  They are always polite but the food is always awful!  I have gone back 5 times now and keep HOPING the next time will be better, but it never is.  Sadly, I will not go back.  What happened Arby's?  Hoping I can find another one close by.
1	I freakin love Arby's, but this has to be the worst one in town! Every time I go to this one, something is messed up or forgotten. Missing sauces/dressing, charged for a beef and cheddar, but no cheddar, cold fries, mozzarella sticks overcooked so it's just a hollow tube of breading, wrong drinks, etc. This place is only worth it since it is the closest Arby's for my roast beef cravings. Management needs to do something!
2	I've been disappointed with this place more times than not.  The fries are often cold and the beef just doesn't taste that fresh and the sandwich is put together sloppy.Because of this store I've had to give up Arby's in Vegas.
1	I am an assistant manager at another arbys in California so I know the ins and outs of arbys.  Let me tell you that this particular "restaurant" is a disgrace to all other arbys.  The workers act like they don't want to be there.  They look at you like they want to spit in your face.  They talk to you like you are a nuisant and is bothering them.  They frequently miss items on your order unless you watch them like a hawk and correct their mistake.  I was served by a "crew manager" (probably) last week and I got the same experience.  No wonder the employees also behave this way.  I can tell you not all arbys are the same and this location should be shut down.
3	First time at this one and I get my cup and go fill up my drink only to find an ant in my drink. Restaurant looked fairly clean and all but I just can't stand finding stuff in my drinks or food but the food was fresh and out in a reasonable time.
1	Horrible service via drive thru. Guy was completely rude. I love Arbys but this might make me not.
5	Had good service here today. Not sure what people are talking about. People were friendly. Got my food fast. Nice and hot. Pretty tasty. Please remember that this is fast food, this ain't fine dining!  And from that perspective, they do a pretty dang good job here. Go to the McDonalds in the hood where I live, then you'll know bad service.
4	I have to tell you guys. Arby's is my equivalent to a personal lord and savior. Some people may say that it's not real beef but honestly, have you tried their Beef and Cheddars!?!  It would barely affect me if they said it was roadkill off I80 in Nebraska. Mix that with their perfectly crispy potato cakes and really, why go anywhere else?The location is clean. The people are nice. No one judges me as I inhale cheddar covered beef doused in Arby sauce. Thank you for that.Five stars for everything. ONE STAR DEDUCTION for not allowing me to buy my Arby's beef in bulk size. Come on guys, help a sister out.
