5	HELLOOOOOOOOO cosmo!  My friends and I stumbled upon the Overlook during the opening weekend of the ever so amazing Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino.  Some of our group were already there dining, and selected this restaurant based on its decent prices. though the cosmo was filling up w/ tourists ready to check out the hottest hotel on the strip, we were seated promptly in the small restaurant. FOOD:1. TUNA MEZZALUNA- bright and satisfying.2. FISH DIP - thick, flavorful....a cream cheese type of based dip with bits of seafood.  i found it a bit rich, and the crackers served alongside it were very sturdy for dipping.  3. FRENCH FRIES- YUM! i'm a fan of skinny fries with the perfect amount of crisp on the outside, and starchy goodness on the inside4. FISH OF THE DAY (SCALLOPS) - our friends ordered the fish of the day, which i got to sample.  its very hard to find a decently priced restaurant that doesn't serve overcooked or rubbery scallops.  luckily, overlook was on point that day.  perfectly cooked and tender just the way you get them at an overly priced 5 star restaurant.DRINK:1. BRAZILIAN WAX- tart, peppery, and a nice twist on the usual breakfast margarita! hahaha2. (some pretty pink cocktail. see photos)- sweet...all i can say. my boyfriend only ordered it because it matched his shirt. LOL.SERVICE:i don't know if it was because we were asian, and had an asian server, but our server (i forgot her name) was very attentive and friendly.  she did disappear for a while when getting us our check, but came back apologetic and explained that they were still training in the midst of service, which i can understand. not like we were in any rush to leave las vegas anyway!AMBIANCE:bright, modern, yet earthy design, good beats in the background, artwork that captures old town beach vibes,  the menu was small, but keep in mind it was still literally its 3rd day open as our server explained they were still in the process of printing out menus....there was no drink menu present (at least when we visited) so ask your server for what drinks they serve. also, we came on a saturday (12/18/10) and they were closing well before 5pm.  again, that could have been due to the fact that this is a newbie restaurant.
5	Wow.  The Overlook Grill really does have it all: Great food, service, view, and atmosphere.  Definitely order the empanadas - they are absolutely delicious.  Ryan M. loved the Tuna Mezzaluna.  I enjoyed my two mimosas.  Caeser salad was good on its own (skip the charbroiled shrimp).  Stay and chat awhile with the wonderfully conversational staff.
5	Love it!   This restaurant is located on the 4th floor and overlooks the pool area.  There is indoor and outdoor seating.   Everyone was sitting inside due to the cold weather this time of year.  It has a cool retro, cabana decor . The menu is not large but has a nice variety of healthy choices.I tried the pomegranate margarita drink special...so good!.    We both had the Tuna Mezzaluna....slices of ahi tuna cooked to perfection over fresh thin, cut string beans, small cubed feta cheese, slivers of red onions, garbanzo beans, soft croutons and sliced olives.   Great combination of tastes.   As I was finishing my tuna mezzaluna, I overhead a waitress mention the banana cream pie. I couldn't remember the last time I had banana cream pie and I had to try it.   I asked what they had for dessert.  There were three selections; banana cream pie, key lime pie, and some peach dessert.     We shared the banana cream pie.... yum!If you are looking for a healthy meal with a casual yet hip atmosphere and excellent, friendly service, try the Overlook Grill.
4	Stumbled upon this place while lost in the Cosmopolitan. Loved it!So bright, so yummy, and right next to the pool.Made us feel like it was Summer time, even though we were sadly reminded it was 40 degrees as we walked out. I had the Pork tostadas which were amazing and my friend had the cheeseburger which was really good. The sides of fruit were fresh and our waitress just so down to earth. Definitely happy we stumbled (literally) across this place. It's going to be a must in the Summer.
3	What saves this place from getting a 1 star is the great steak burger and side salad I ordered. Service was horrendously slow, the waiter pushed hard to upsell me Fiji water because they're tap water doesn't taste good! Load of crap that was. Prices are on the high end for simple food. The pork empanada appetizer was tasty but a very small portion! Compliments to the chef but that's about it here.
4	Overlook Grill offers relatively inexpensive snacks/meals for those visiting the Cosmopolitan.  Unfortunately or fortunately, depending on how you look at it, it is located on the fourth floor where the pools are located.  Most people don't even know it is there, and most only manage to find it by stumbling upon it as they explore the vastness of the Cosmopolitan.In the evening, especially during the weekdays, it is simply closed.  Not a soul to be seen inside the restaurant.  So I assume they do the majority of their business during lunch service.  Their menus are also found near the pool, so I would imagine that food can be ordered directly from where you are lounging at the Blvd Pool or Bamboo Pool (the other pool at the Cosmopolitan, located on the East side of the building).The best thing about the food served here, is the freshness of the ingredients. The menu is pretty simple, nothing extravagant, but it offers relatively inexpensive snacks that will accommodate the majority of the visitors' vacation budget. Decor - 4.5/5  Really bright, even at night. Service - 4/5/5 It is not a busy restaurant, so service is expected to be attentive.Price - 4/5 Very agreeable on the wallet, especially considering the location. Only place cheaper would be to hit up the Pizzeria on the 3rd floor.Location - 4/5  Perfect for those vacationing on the Strip near Cosmopolitan, Bellagio, Aria, Vdara, Planet Hollywood, etc.
3	It's really a 2.5 but I'll round up since it's so new.I ate here twice over the weekend, once for a company lunch and again for lunch with friends the next day.Company lunch menu:Ceviche - refreshing and loved the plain chipsHummus - meh, I've had better and the pita was tough/hardSalad - simple w/ shaved parmesan and balsamicCrispy Cauliflower - delicious!  Really enjoyed the cauliflower and the dipping sauceSliders - really simple beef sliders w/o cheese, tasty despite just being beef, lettuce, and tomatoChicken w/ brie and pear mini-sandwich - the French bread it was on was too tough so I removed the bread and fork/knifed this one. It was just ok and could use more brie.Shoestring fries - tasty! I wanted to eat more but didn't want to look like the pig that I am in front of my co-workersVeggie panini - i got a biteful of grilled zucchini only, no real flavorsFruit for dessert - it was fresh, can't really mess it up otherwiseMini chocolate cake - tasty and just the right sized biteLunch:I got the kahlua pork tostadas, which was a good portion and had tasty kahlua pork.  Maybe a little salty, but that was balanced out with the tortilla and the cabbage slaw w/ tomatoes and queso fresco.The food was overall ok, though some misses (hummus, chicken/veggie sandwiches), but service is what brings this place down.  Seriously clueless hostess and servers who ignore you but try to be uber-friendly when they finally come around.  I never really saw my server but the guys in suits were always willing to help out.  It just seemed like the service was not coordinated at all.I'd recommend for lunch but make sure to allot more time than anticipated for this place.I saw a (drunk) couple complaining about having to wait way too long to get their take-out order.  They probably got drunk because they had enough time to drink enough while waiting for their food to be ready.  On top of that, they had problems charging the guy's credit card and somehow charged something twice or charged the wrong thing, whatever it was.  Like I said, some of the people who work there are clueless.  I hope they get with the program soon.
2	O.K the outdoor seating on a bright sunny day was great. Service was fine. Wife wanted the half portion of fruit salad. It looked tired...some of the green grapes were turning yellow and only grapes and pineapple?. If you want a fruit salad bellagio cafe does much better. I ordered a bloody mary, at $12 no celery or olives? Sky Box grill at Aria has a $10 B.M that will rock your socks off. Had the fish tacos (2 for $12). While the fish was fine the salsa was weird. Ate 75% of one of them and gave the wife the other. At about $40 with tip I can't say I was happy.
5	The Overlook Grill is one of the greatest restaurant's I've been to in Vegas to date. They have an amazing outside area that overlooks pools, ping pong tables, pool tables, and huge flat screens.The waitress asked what our plans were for the night (we were interested in going to see the show Le Reve), and she called one of her close friends and attempted to get us free tickets, what great service!
2	Ordered the pork tostadas and fries to go so that my friend and I could have a little picnic by the pool. The pork tostadas was salty, dry, and not good at all. The fries were cooked well but really salty. There was a fruit salad of mangoes and tomatoes and it wasn't good. I had also requested water but they forgot to give that to me. But I went to the bar and got water there.
3	The Overlook Grill has a very Summer-y feel to it. The theme of the restaurant has the colors yellow and white and the Hosts and Waitresses wear really cute matching Summer dresses that makes the whole setting 10x even better 'cause I feel like I'm in the Caribbeans :)The restaurant is located outside in the Pool area (near to Marquee Nightclub). I really liked the restaurant and the service was spectacular; however, the choices of food items are very limited. The menu only has about ~15 items and every single item is VERY different from the other. I was really hungry (and hungover..but who isn't in Vegas?) and seeing the menu made me feel very disappointed. What we ended up ordering was:($12) Kalua Pork Tosta and ($20) 1 Dozen Raw Oysters to share. As for drinks, we had a ($6) Corona and a ($12) Bloody Mary. I would pass on the Kalua Pork Tostas...there are only (2) and the portions are really small. I really wish they told us that what we ordered wasn't enough to share because the wait for the food took a long time as well. When the oysters were brought out, my immediate reaction was "WTF? They're SO TINY!!!!!!!!" but never judge a book by it's cover!!! They were the best damn oysters I've ever had in my life! and trust me, I've tried a variety of oysters from a variety of locations. They actually weren't that small because the oysters were actually pretty meaty and fresh- YUM!I probably would only come back for the oysters and that's probably it. The rest of the meal was pretty pricey. On a side note, I felt kind of bad for tipping our waitress too because the only time she ever came to our table was to hand us our check. The Manager and the Hostess were the ones who helped us out the entire time, I wish I tipped them instead!!
4	The Overlook Grill is an awesome choice for day drinking and eating!!!We were here this past weekend with a party of about 6.  We didn't have reservations, but were able to get one of the outside tables with the comfy chairs and cushions.  Our seat overlooked the jacuzzi and you could see part of the pool.  The umbrellas offered awesome shade coverage for my transparent skin while my other party members were able to scoot their chairs into the sun for some worshipping.  The food was really good and the drinks strong!!!  We all opted for appetizers...trying to remember all of them...sliders, crab salad, hummus, and so on.  All were excellent.  We had the BEST waitress, but I have forgotten her name.  She was a very cute Asian girl with cute, red Versace glasses (trying to be descriptive so she gets the credit she deserves!!!).  She was nice, quick, efficient, and a polite smart ass...just great with our group.We will definitely be back to The Overlook Grill on our next Vegas visit!!!
1	The Overlook restaurant is adjacent to the excellent pool area of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, and seemed like an ideal spot for lunch on a sunny afternoon. Service was friendly and fairly efficient. Our waitress suggested a ceviche appetizer, which appealed, but ended up disappointing all of us. The mystery fish looked like pink chicken pieces and was tasteless. Squeezing lime over the preparation gave a hint of citrus, but the marinade was bland otherwise, and the pieces of "fish" actually were frightening when examined closely. Truly mystery meat!I ordered Caesar Salad, which turned out to be a very expensive bowl of romaine pieces and stale croutons tossed in a bitter dressing that tasted nothing like Caesar, and was not a creative substitute. My husband's fried clams tasted almost as good as Mrs. Swanson's frozen variety, and our friend's sandwich was stale. All items we ordered are difficult to botch, but this place succeeded brilliantly at that.It would be easy for The Overlook to provide tasty, simple food. But their offerings are tasteless at best and overpriced. We are happy to pay well for good food, but the items we tried here were very disappointing. Try the pizza on the second floor, or any of the other dining choices at The Cosmopolitan, but avoid The Overlook!I suspect that the good reviews on Yelp came from folks who were enjoying the pool scene, the attractive waitresses, and their cocktails.
4	Overlook Grill touts itself as a Vegas version of a beachside cafe. Located next to The Cosmopolitan's amazing Boulevard Pool, they managed to do just that, with one key difference: Overlook Grill is less of a beachside cafe in Oxnard, and more like a beachside cafe in Santa Barbara -- trendy and pricey.Showing up in the standard board shorts and tank tops might leave you feeling mildly underdressed in the small cafe area. For sun worshipers, there is outdoor seating available. Service was fast and very friendly, continuing The Cosmopolitan's trend of absolutely exceptional customer service. My server, Leslie, quickly introduced herself and got my drink order, and had it back in mere moments. She checked on me throughout, and even went so far as to offer me a soda refill to go as she presented the check. Now that's a nice extra touch.The food selection is not huge. This is more of a place for simple and fresh than complex and overwhelming. Sandwiches, salads, a few fish items (I don't know why this was listed under "seafood" on Yelp), and a beer & wine list round out the menu. Cocktails can be ordered from the nearby pool bar if you're willing to wait a few moments.I had a tough choice deciding between the Chicken Caesar Salad and the Ground Steak Burger, but went with the burger (there's a shock). The meat was juicy and tender, and the bun nice and soft. Toppings were fresh and crisp, and instead of dropping a bunch of squeeze bottles on the table, they served good portions of mayo, mustard, and ketchup in their own individual ramekins.I LOVE RAMEKINS.I even love saying the word "ramekins." Definitely a classy touch there.I really wanted to try the fried clams, but as I was on a solo culinary adventure, I couldn't justify the piggyness. I would have liked it too if they had a dessert menu. Maybe a nice lemon meringue pie, or lime sherbet. Maybe a strawberry kiwi tart. I do love tarts. (Insert joke here.)The only downfall is the price. After a burger, fries that had a hint of parmesean, and a soda, I was up around $17. Gack. That's not what I would expect to pay at a beachside cafe. That's when I realized, oh yeah, Santa Barbara, not Oxnard. So that is what it is.Overall this place would have received a solid 3 star rating, but the service kicked it up a star. It probably won't fall into the "regular hangout" arena (unless you're part of the Nouveau Douche who parties all night on their parents' credit card, wake up at the crack of noon and roll out for the first meal of the day at 2pm), but for a nice bite for lunch now and then it's a great option.PS: Gotta put out the full disclosure here: I work at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, where Overlook Grill is located. However, as the hotel encourages honesty from its employees, I have been honest in this review. I am also not affiliated with the F&B department.
4	Second best tuna sandwich on the strip. (1st is Earl's of Sandwich at PH).Best fruit salad with yogurt that I've tasted in a long time!Warning tho: Shoes and shirts or No service.I learned this the hard way after a day at the Boulevard Pool. Because they are right-next-to the pool, I assume I coulda rolled in there in my barefoot bikini wear but, NO.
4	Solid, simple food done right.  Perfect for a quick snack if you're on the Strip snaking your way through the casinos.They also offer menus for the choice or chance diner (vegan, vegetarian, gluten free, allergic to shellfish). Very cool especially considering poker players today.Starters are the best bet.  The crispy cauliflower  with its creamy roasted garlic and smoked paprika aioli and the smoked wahoo fish dip and lavosh crackers are outstanding.Prices are typical of a Vegas resort.Note:  The hours of operation are short.  This is strictly a lunch place (breakfast if you're a poker player).
4	Boulevard pool restaurant at Cosmopolitan hotel. nice seatings, relaxing and comfy. we went there for lunch.It was their restaurant week, they have a tasting menu for $30 per person, I had fat tire on tab, hummus with pita bread, grilled chicken sandwich, and chocolate mousse, bf had catch of the day. love the hummus! it was so tasty! I couldn't get enough of those, my grilled chicken sandwich wasn't that great, the fries were yummy, but the chicken was a little burned, bf's catch of the day was perfect, we red relish made like flowers in the plate, so pretty and delicious. the chocolate mousse was the best! service was good, food was great, perfect place for pool times or just a casual lunch. I liked it. :)Total bill for 2 people with one tab beer: $70
2	The 1st time I dined here - it was fabulous.HOWEVERI had lunch yesterday at the Overlook Grill with two clients and it was a let down.I ordered the fresh halibut with heirloom tomato salad. 18.00It was tasty, but the fish was the smallest piece of fish I have ever been served. My first thought was, " It's a lunch sized portion ... " (It was probably was 4 .5 " x 4)But here is the clincher! There was a couple sitting right next to my table and the waitress served them each a lunch entree.  The guy had the SAME halibut special ... but the fish was twice as thick as mine and it was a normal size. It hardly looked like the same entree!I couldn't help but ask the waitress why there was such a difference.(I hated sounding so petty.)She said - that the couple were sharing the halibut. They each had their own entree, so I felt like she was making excuses.I nicely commented that I thought the chef should be more consistent with serving sizes and she didn't say much.I didn't want to make a big deal in front of my clients - but I will not be returning to this restaurant.  There are too many other fabulous places to eat in town.I don't mind paying a high price for a great meal - but do expect a reasonable portion size and for my comment to be recognized and not just shrugged off.
2	the grilled steakburger with fries was good, however when we got there and said 2 in our party, the lady is like its going to be a wait and she was really  BI***y about it too, uh there is barely anyone in the restaurant??? WTF?there were so many open tables, I didnt get it???then this other couple comes and they tell them the same thing and then this group of girls...so we are waiting and at 1 point we were like should we just get fast food??? what is going on here and finally we were like were going somewhere else and girl is like why, and they call our name...I would rather eat at mcdonalds I could have walked there and back faster then the wait at this place and I could understand it if it was PACKED but it was pretty much EMPTY!!!! Walk to Mcdonalds it will be faster....
1	I came here for a quick bite to eat since it overlooked the pool at our hotel and I assumed it would be relaxing to watch all the alcoholics while eating. I was wrong. We didn't even get to sit anywhere to overlook anything. We sat inside, I wasn't complaining though. I was hungover, it was whatever.For us, when we got seated and ordered, everything got confusing. I thought our hostess was the hostess and then later it seemed like she was the waitress, then later our waitress came out so we didn't know who we were even tipping. I ordered the fish tacos which seemed to be the only appetizing thing on the menu, I was wrong, again. The presentation was nice and the fish was breaded, but, it, was, horrible. Especially for the price! My friend ordered a sandwich and it was much better tasting and cheaper than what I ordered.Our hostess was great, we never got to know our server and the food was bad. I won't be back. Go to Henry's instead.
3	Went for Restaurant Week but honestly the food was kinda boring.
2	Swing-and-a-miss!!!!  Absolutely loved the Cosmopolitan Hotel vibe and stopped by a few of their dining options.  Decided on this spot for our final lunch before catching a flight home.  Had to sit inside due to wind.  That said, the restaurant had a nice open and airy feel.  Now on to the bad.....My lovely wife ordered the Fish Tacos (highly recommended).  After waiting a considerable amount of time they finally arrived and we found them to be just okay.  We had a tremendous length of time to offer our opinions as they brought me a hamburger instead of my Chicken sandwich (oops).  They took that away and promised to hustle my meal out to us.Finally, we evaluated my sandwich and found it to be just decent.  Server was very sorry for the mix up.  Not so sorry that they offered a free drink, entree, still water...anything.  In fact, it was never mentioned after the initial screw-up.Just odd.  Service was disjointed and basically disinterested.  Food was just okay.  Nice location, though.  Try it out.  I won't again.  But you can:)
2	Not so fabulous.  We also had the weird experience of having to wait for seating in a mostly empty restaurant.  Our waiter was nice but distracted.  We waited awhile to order, to get the food, I had to ask if it was coming as people seated after us got their food before us, and we had to leave on time to catch flights home.  The food itself was ok, I had an omelet and it was no better or worse than any other omelet I've ever had.  My friend really liked the Scottish Egg.  I wouldn't come here again because the service was "meh" and the food was mediocre, but it is a nice view of the pool area and the decor is lovely.
4	The red velvet waffles are wonderful, a little dry but not overly sweet. The menu mentioned cam cheese topping, but i did not get it. The service was great. Enjoyed breakfast outside on the patio and the hostess tried to bring an umbrella out for me, but when that want available she suggested a table in the shade.
4	My girlfriends and I randomly stumbled upon this place while visited the Cosmopolitan. It was very nice, chill atmosphere. The restaurant was right next to the pool and the windows were open to let the fresh air in. They are constantly changing their menu so I'm not sure if the stuff I write about will be still relevant tomorrow, but here goes. Their menu is split into small plates and large plates. I would say the small plates are enough for the ladies, while the large plates are more for men and sharing. I think the fact that they change their menu is a negative since I really like the dishes they have. Their service also could have been faster. Took us forever to order and get the check. For an appetizer, we ordered the deep cauliflower which was so yummy. I loved that crispy and crunchy texture. I ordered the pork belly lettuce wraps (small plate). There were two of them on my plate and they were so refreshing on such a sunny day. The cold noodles with that crispy, thick piece of pork belly was heavenly. I'm drooling thinking about it now. My girlfriend ordered the fish tacos. This was the first time I tried a taco with both soft and hard shells. I became a fan after one bite. It was so tasty. I really enjoyed the tangy sauce that was drizzled on top of it.Such a nice surprise and wonderful last meal for a great Vegas trip!
1	Over priced even for a Vegas lunch place. Horrible service if you don't look like you have money. Food had no flavor, even the chipotle chicken was bland. They didn't honor our reservation. Stunk this was our first place in Vegas.
5	Great ambiance and food. Friendly staff. Not much outdoor seating, but when it is 105 outside, I'd rather be inside anyway.
2	Since we were staying at the hotel we thought to have a quick breakfast here. It is located on the fourth floor right next to the pool area. When we entered the hostess greeted us and let us know to wait a couple of minutes while an outside table was being cleared. A minute later she lead us to the table that overlooked the pool and handed us the menus. Very small breakfast/lunch menu. I ordered the ciabatta breakfast sandwich (sub. the fried eggs for egg whites) and asked for fruit instead of fried potatoes. And lots of coffee. Cheechee was our sever and he was fabulous! Very accommodating and always checked on my coffee mug and water. They never went empty. He made small talk about 4th of July and asked about our stay. After about 20 minutes the food arrived. The sandwich was an average portion, made the way I had requested but the bacon was mainly all fat. I had to take half the bacon out which left the sandwich a little wimpy. Prices are high for what the food is worth and portion. The sandwich was $14.00,  hub's red velvet waffle was $14.00 and regular brewed coffee was $4.00. After tax  and tip was close to $40.00. With the better breakfast/lunch spots around I wouldn't come back.
4	My husband loved the "Scotch Egg."  I had breakfast here three days in a row.  The red velvet waffle is amazing and the breakfast sandwich is tasty as well.  What a lovely place to have a meal.
5	This place rocks. It's like going to the fountain of Youth and eating the potatoes. Off. The. Hook. $40 tasting menu brunch was amazing, crab cake benedict was out of this world, our server Wyatt was way chill, helped out with all our needs, and the long islands were house made with ginger. Full on success, color us some happy campers.
4	This was a lovely surprise.  I guess I didn't expect much from a hotel restaurant whose sole purpose seems to be feeding the pool-goers.  However, the Cosmopolitan did a great job here.  The location and interior are lovely, done in bright tropical colors.  The menu contains many small plates to choose from, reasonably priced (at least considering the location) and well executed.  Though I didn't encounter any ground breaking cuisine, I did thoroughly enjoy my lunch and would be happy to return.  Special kudos to the mixologist for some delicious, well-balanced cocktails.We started our meal with the Garlic Edamame, which was my favorite snack of the day.  We also split: BBQ Ribs, the Mezze Plate, Strawberry Mascarpone French Toast, and another item I can't remember.Our server was very pleasant and attentive, though he did not know the menu well and could not answer our questions.  For dessert, we ordered a few of the minis, which were very attractively presented, but just OK.  The whoopie pies especially were served with cold buttercream filling, which in my book is a huge no-no.
4	We had a pretty rough weekend at the Cosmo and werent really enjoying the place. We came here annoyed, hungover, burnt out. The table took MUCH longer than promised but once we sat down, all was great. The server we had was amazing! He was such a sweet guy. All of the servers were great actually. I got the prix fix $40- DO IT! Its everything on the menu and so MUCH FOOD! If you like a particular item, they will keep bringing you more. Me and my girlfriends all pretty much ended up sharing all of my food.The monkey bread is off the hook!
4	Definitely on the pricey side, however the food is delicious! I had a bagel that was toasted to perfection and the cream cheese was fluffy! My husband had the omelette which was loaded with avocado!!!! Yummy! Cool vibe, you feel like you're in Miami!
4	Unless you're staying at the Cosmopolitan or making your way to their Boulevard Pool, you might completely overlook the Overlook Grill and that would be a shame.We discovered the Overlook Grill on our way to the hotel's pool for an early morning swim and were pleased to see they were open at 8 am for breakfast. Breakfast options at the Cosmopolitan are limited to the Wicked Spoon buffet or The Henry, and we did not want to be too stuffed before our swim. So much for that plan when we were presented with their decadent menu.It happened to be restaurant week during our visit late last month, and the Overlook Grill was offering an incredible $20.12 breakfast that was served in three courses. It included: a berry and melon fruit plate with a perfectly sweet yogurt Panna Cotta; a juicy flat iron steak and quail eggs with a spicy chorizo and fingerling potato hash; and house-made ricotta "munchkin" donuts with vanilla creme and raspberry jelly dipping sauces for a sweet end to breakfast. The missus had basically the same thing, but opted for the stuffed french toast with whipped mascarpone, strawberry jam and an almond maple butter as her second course.Both meals pleased us tremendously, and while we would now have to wait at least an hour before swimming, it was a perfect start to our lazy day by the pool.As breakfast signaled how the Overlook Grill can go beyond the basics while simply catering to hungry poolside revelers, we tried them a couple of days later for lunch. Their small plates menu was perfect for poolside snacking, was also quite tasty, and was fortunately a lot lighter than our overindulgence at breakfast. I would highly recommend the fried calamari served with an orange and basil aioli, and the divine pork belly lettuce wraps with pickled cucumbers and an harissa dressing.
2	I typically try to only post positive reviews. However I can not do so with this place. We went to celebrate the birthday of my daughter's good friend. There were 8 of us. So the tip was automatically added. We thought we were going for a Restaurant Week breakfast/brunch based on menus we read online. However, we were told that was not available after noon. Our reservation was for noon. Then, we were overwhelmed by the denial of what we thought we were going for, so we ordered the full brunch for everyone, which was a HUGE mistake. It was $40 per person. The assortment of things they delivered were often cold, uncoordinated and just out of sync with the next item. There was one item that was good--The Jumbo Lump Crabcake Benedict with Creole Hollandaise. Unfortunately, however, by the time it was served we were all already stuffed from the other things that they delivered. If I had ordered and enjoyed only that this would have been a 4 star rating (except for the service). The staff were untrained and seemed unknowing and uncaring. We asked about a Ramos Fizz as a cocktail and they said, well you tell us what is in it and we will see if they know how to make it. We did not want to run the risk that the bartender did not know how to make it so we ordered Bellini instead. When I went to check on whether they could do anything special for the 19th birthday the waitress said ohhh, um...do you mean LIKE candles? Um we don't do that. I said fine. Our group included 3 adults over 21 and 5 teens aged 15, 16, 18, 18, and 19. The adults had cocktails with brunch. Then near the end of the brunch when they brought out the assorted desserts (included in the brunch even though they have already served 7  courses and everyone is stuffed) they had one plate that was only chocolate dipped strawberries and put it down by the teenagers. Then they brought out a plate of several other interesting looking cooked deserts and puddings. The waitress then said that the desserts  included alcohol and could not be consumed by the minors. I have dined very often in Las Vegas and I have never seen or heard anyone do or say this before.  Since we adults were stuffed and the strawberries went quickly, we passed the other desserts down to the teenagers (no one was driving.) They tried them all and enjoyed them. I would not normally have done that but 1) they were all disappointed with how "weird" the brunch was and 2) I felt that this should have been explained to us when we ordered if more than half of our table could not enjoy the dessert we were paying for in advance. Then while they enjoyed the desserts the dining staff acted normal and no one mentioned a word about the desserts being eaten by the teenagers. Then even though this brunch ended up costing over $500 for  8 of us we left disappointed in how odd it was and how unorganized and uncaring the wait staff was. The whole thing was odd and disappointing. If you do eat there--do NOT order the brunch.
5	I really liked this place. Came here for Sunday brunch and we had their tapas style brunch. Loved the crab Benedict's and the scallop dish. They will bring more of whatever you like but with 13 dishes we were stuffed.
3	I've eaten here twice now- once for lunch and once for breakfast. I suggest having breakfast here- not lunch.After an incredibly late night, and only a few hours of sleep, my girlfriend and I wanted breakfast, but weren't willing to leave the hotel. We arrived just before 11 a.m., and were told they weren't serving breakfast anymore. (Umm this is Vegas...seriously, no breakfast post 11 a.m.?) After some begging, pleading, and frankly looking rather pitiful, our server checked with the kitchen and an exception was made. (We tipped her rather well for this!)I ordered a omelet with bacon, avocado, and cheese and was pleasantly surprised.As we ALWAYS stay at the cosmo, we'll be sure to be back! That being said, I hope Overlook extends its breakfast hours in the future.
4	We stopped on New Year's day for brunch and we were not disappointed.   They had an excellent make your own bloody mary bar which was fantastic.   I don't think I've ever encountered one with so many options.  The food was great.  A friend and I had the scotch egg and our other guests had an omelet and steak & eggs.   Our table was beyond pleased.   Great way to start the new year.
4	My boyfriend and I ate here for breakfast, I ordered the typical bacon and eggs breakfast. Nothing special but it was just right. Everything was cooked perfect and the bacon was thick and delicious. Perfect hangover breakfast. We were the only ones in the restaurant at one point so the service was good, very attentive.
1	This restaurant looks really nice, but we had a terrible experience trying to eat lunch there on my husband's birthday this past Sunday.  The hostesses were completely incompetent!  As an aside, I used to be a hostess at a high-end restaurant so I understand how difficult it can be, but the way they acted/treated us was unacceptable in my opinion.First, we walked up and they said they didn't have any tables available.  Seemed odd because there was at least 60% of tables wide open and set up, but maybe they had resos on them or something.  They took our name and said that since we were lounging at the pool, we could just come back in 15 minutes.  I had a sprained ankle so we happily took that option over standing outside their front door for 15 min waiting.  When we came back, we gave them my husband's name and the hostess looked at us like she'd never seen us before and then told us that our name wasn't on the list (in a manner that was incredible rude -- like as if we were the scum of the earth).  Then the other hostess came over and said, we called your name and you weren't here so we gave your table away.  I don't understand 1) why you would tell us we could walk away and come back 15 min later if you're just going to give our table away anyway, 2) why the first hostess lied and told us our name wasn't on there and 3) why it's so difficult to keep a waiting list!  This is not the kind of service or treatment that I expect to get when I stay in a high-end restaurant like the Cosmopolitan.   And it's sad, really, because as we were going through all of our experiences in the Cosmo at the end of the trip, we both agreed that this one really ruined our lunch experience that day, just by leaving a sour taste in our mouth.  I hope the Cosmo will crack down on this place and make sure their seating operations/hostesses step it up because this place is just not up to par compared with the rest of the resort!
3	Ok food and service. Music was way, way too loud and they gave us a crappy table.
1	This is what you might expect from Vegas, tropicana as "fresh squeezed", corn syrup for maple, incredibly sweet breakfasts that if you're 14 you might like. A mocha cappuccino was clearly made by dumping some chocolate syrup in a cup and putting it under a vending machine. The old lady next to me loved it....doubt she uses yelp. Steer clear.Pleasant setting and strong wifi. ;)
2	....was not impressed... I know their menu is seasonal... but... it's just not that great. The Monkey bread was the best thing they had on the menu... and the first time I've ever seen Monkey bread on a menu, that's the only perk. It's a beautiful little place right next to the pool... and it's very small, just a heads up. The customer service wasn't  that great, it took forever to get our food and it wasn't even busy. My friend and myself sent our food back. She had the chicken and waffles and said it was horrible. I had a noodle soup thing... I went to fork my noodles out and a big clump of coagulated noodles came up on my fork... ICK! I sent it back and got the pulled pork sandwich. thankfully that was ok... just ok. I've had better... I wouldn't waste my time here, there's sooo many other great places to eat, but if you're craving some warm, honey, nutty Monkey bread... make the time to get some!
3	Since my boyfriend and I were staying at the Cosmo, we decided to go here for breakfast for the convenience. It was here or Mon Ami Gabi at Paris. We chose here. The restaurant is sunny, clean, poolside, and overall very appealing. I loved how the entire place was large window panels; it made it super bright. Just don't sit directly in the sun because it gets very hot. The minus two stars is for the attitude of the employees and the price. 1 breakfast sandwich + 1 eggs/bacon + 1 coffee + 2 juices = $60.00. Even steep for Vegas. The food is average for a breakfast place. The hostess was a little short when we entered the place. Our waitress, who I believe was French, also had a slight attitude. I didn't mind that much, but if you are expected a warm and friendly welcome don't expect it. The restaurant was full, there was maybe one empty table at a time. Every single person in the restaurant minus one waiter was white. The place felt very country club. To some that is a plus, to some that is a minus. The food was decent. The bacon was a little thick and undercooked for my taste, so specify how you like your bacon. The house potatoes were good - crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The eggs were cooked to how I ordered them. The coffee was hot and tasty + free refills which they were very on top of. Overall, the place was nice. It was an enjoyable breakfast experience. But for Yelp, 3 stars for sure.
4	Perfect spot for lunch. A nice and relaxing vibe by the pool. Perfect place to have a light meal and sip on white vino or sangria to keep a nice day buzz going. I enjoyed just kicking back and people watching while eating and sipping on my vino...a little hard to find but worth it IMO...The hostess @ the front desk needed a bloody mary more than my friends hahaha0_o
4	Very happy with this place. My friend spencer and roig had bloody Mary's which they thought were very good. Although I didn't taste. I ordered a bagel because we are going to eat at a buffet later and I thought it tasted slightly fishy. But I offered a taste to 4 of my friends and they all disagreed.
5	We were in a party of six, made reservations a few days in advance, for lunch on Sunday. We were seated promptly and our waitress was cheerful and attentive. Great selection of menu choices as well as drinks. I had the huevos rancheros which included chicken. My wife had the fish tacos. The monkey bread was a good starter. Adjacent to the pool, it's a bright and airy spot.
4	It's reasonably priced for Vegas. We were here for lunch and since we're staying at the casino we wanted something that was no fuss and quick. The ambiance from the pool is great. The service was great. Everyone from the busboy to the waitress were quick and attentive. The food was good, too. I had the Ancho chicken torta and it has just the right amount of kick to it. My boyfiend had the skirtsteak torta. The meat on his was so juicy and the beef was so soft, it was delicious. The fries were crisp. He has the Modela Michelada and he thought is was delicious and so well priced! ($15 for 24 oz michelada... this is Vegas, after all)I'd come here again without any hesitation.
4	Came here after looking at line on Wicked Spoon and was pleasantly surprised.  Lunch was about $16/$17. I had a tuna dish over beans and enjoyed every bite. Wouldn't call this place economical but some of the dishes are worth your buck.  On top of a fantastic meal, we were served by friendly and cute waiter Steve (my friends couldn't stop gushing; I hope the thirst wasn't too evident. Haha)
4	My daughter had a craving for eggs Benedict and we tried this place for the first time. Ordered the Crab Benedict which was really good. Thought it would be made like the florentine, but still lots of flavor nonetheless. The service was great wish I could have remembered her name. My daughter really enjoyed eating outside and would have loved to go to the pool right after, we were told pool is for guests only.  like I said at least the food was good
4	Me and the boyfriend met some people here for Sunday brunch. Warning, this is a pretty small spot, so things can be a bit hectic. Fortunately, we had a reservation, and were seated right away. Service was pretty good. While one of us had to wait for their food a bit longer than necessary, our unlimited mimosas were never empty, and they even gave us one to go (score)! :) The ambiance was nice and modern, and our table overlooked the pool area. Now for my favorite part, the food. The table received an order of the monkey bread. While I was not a fan, everyone else at the table thought it was great. Duck Confit Poutine - this was my first time trying duck confit and a poutine, and it did not disappoint! The duck confit was phenomenal, and I am a fan of all things potato. I think they may have taken some liberties with calling it a poutine, as it was more of a tomato sauce rather than a gravy, but delicious nonetheless. Topped with a perfectly cooked sunny side up egg, and this dish was a winner. Blue Claw Crabcake Benedict - unfortunately, I only got one bite of this dish before my boyfriend cleared his plate in no time flat. Needless to say, he loved it!The other two in our party had the chicken and waffles and the grilled skirt steak sandwich. I did note get to try either, but they liked both dishes.
3	Food was good but the service sucked. They stopped checking on us and we had to go to the front of the house to pay our bill. Not really happy at all with the service.
1	Turkey burger.... Didn't finish it it was so bad... Garlic soy glaze edamame were sweet was expecting a salty garlic edamame. Wait they sprinkled it with salt attempting a savory finish.  We should have just eaten by the pool. It's the same food and just as bad of service. At least by the pool you know what type of service you are going to get.
3	Outstanding Bloody Mary! At $17, it better be, right? A very large drink, garnished with celery, a skewer of cherry tomatoes, goat cheese stuffed green olives, and a strip of bacon! It's the perfect way to kick off poolside Vegas breakfast.So filling, I couldn't finish even half of my order of mascarpone topped cinnamon french toast! My husband ordered the steak and egg stuffed breakfast burrito. It was delicious as well. The coffee was also excellent here.
4	If you're staying at the Cosmopolitan anyway, this is a great place for breakfast.  Delicious French toast, tasty breakfast burritos, and an excellent bloody Mary with a strip of bacon and chipotle infused vodka (the kind of bloody Mary that you eat! yum). It was the perfect way to get our vacation started.
3	Cute little cafe hidden by the overlook pool! Very small menu and decent food but timing was very slow. 50's style decor and tons of windows for people watching. With all the places to go in Vegas I might keep searching!
2	Turkey burger came undercooked but they made me a new one that wasn't so bad. This is definitely a pool cafe though. Not really a place to come to unless it's convenient. Fish tacos weren't bad. Also be ware: no breakfast all day.Service is bad/slow and they will never refill your water.
3	For the price, I didn't think Overlook Grill was worth it. The food was good but for the price we could of went to a nice buffet instead. We ordered the fish tacos, a chicken wrap (the fries were REALLY good!) and a Dragons Breath (blackberry mojito). The service was good and the staff was very friendly. The restaurant is located by the pool and it has a cool little vibe with flat screen tv's in it but $55 for a small lunch w/tip? I think we'll pass on Overlook Grill next time.OOO3 out of 5 Afros
4	Food was good,  and prices were okay. The crabcake benedict is a smaller serving, but worth it. Very tasty.
4	We were looking for a full breakfast, but didn't want to travel too far from the hotel for it. So we gave the concierge a call for a recommendation and this was once of the ones they highly recommended for our breakfast. Unfortunately, we stayed in the West tower and the Overlook Grill is located at the East Tower poolside, so it was a bit of a walk. However, when we finally reached the restaurant we were pleasantly surprised at the casual ambiance and decor and nice view of the pool area. There is indoor and outdoor seating, and it was a nice morning so most people opted for outdoor seating. We chose to sit inside where it was less crowded and felt very homey. Service was good and friendly, but it was the breakfast that really impressed me.I ordered the Eggs Your Way which is made up of 3 eggs any style, choice of Breakfast Sausage, Chicken Apple Sausage or Hobbs Bacon, the signature house potatoes, and a choice of toast. I ordered an egg white scramble with Chicken Apple Sausage with toasted sourdough, and really enjoyed it. My friends ordered Overlook Omelette and they too enjoyed it very much. The portions were quite large so you'd better be hungry. The only complaint were from my friends as they didn't seem to enjoy the coffees they ordered very much. However, I enjoyed my whole breakfast and hot tea....and all for a very reasonable price.Looking outside on the outdoor patio area we noticed a table enjoying a basket of pastries and a large bottle of champagne with their orange juice.....we so wanted to try this mimosa, but figured we had had enough alcohol the night before, but would definitely come back and try this perhaps the next morning. Nice breakfast, good friendly service, and pleasantly quiet and casual atmosphere made for a very enjoyable breakfast experience.
3	Good food but check out the portion size for a 18$ breakfast.... If you're super hungry, go somewhere else
