1	Bought on a Groupon for my husband without checking ratings first. It has only partially working after 4 visit, to rid the hair. They begin the treatment on a lower level and then work their way up. They don't use any gel (Cheap) and it hurts like hell and do not provide any cream afterwards. And there are spotty hair patches that look like corn rows! When we confronted the black haired woman, who likes to listen to country music, she got all defensive. Face it chica, you did a craaapppy aaaasss job! Better off with another place, check AZ spa Girls for reviews and deals, Spa 810 rocks!Case in Point: Groupon has hit all time lows, Living Social is junk too.
1	I am sad to have to write this review, since I love finding great businessesand deals to share with friends/family/etc. Unfortunately, I will NOT berecommending Simplicity Laser to anyone. In fact, I will be warning peopleNOT to waste their time and/or money there. I purchased a Groupon about ayear ago for laser hair removal treatments. I have done laser hair removalbefore at Advanced Laser Clinics and got awesome results. I have severalfriends and family members who have also had laser hair removal done at ALCas well as other places. All of them have had great results as well. So, Iam no stranger to laser hair removal and how it works. So, my groupon wasfor 8 treatments, with 4-6 weeks between each treatment. I spent the lastyear of my life driving 40 minutes to and from Simplicity Laser (inGlendale) every 4-6 weeks. I have been finished with my treatments now forabout a month. I literally can't tell any difference in the amount of hair Ihave in the treated area. I will generously say that i have had MAYBE 10-20%reduction. This is absolutely NOT typical and unacceptable. I mentioned myconcerns several times during my appointments and was blown off each time. Icalled to speak to a manager and was told that I should make a "clientreview" appointment to discuss my results and a possible resolution. I hadmy "client review" today and was basically blown off again, and told thatthey weren't going to do anything to help me unless I purchased moretreatments. Basically, this company gets you in the door with, what seemslike, a good deal...and then treats you at a low level on the machine...allthe while trying to sell you more treatments. A good company will treat youaggressively with the machines, so that you see results. And then you'llcome back to them because they work. I am very disappointed in this companyand their business ethic, customer service, etc.
