4	where else can you get really cool european toys and food all under one roof?  they have an incredible selection of cheese and olives among other necesseties.  i can usually find things here that intrigue me.  they are very focued on quality and taste.  one of our favorite places to go in the summer after hitting the farmer's market which is located in the parking lot of this shopping center.  you can usually get a fresh + hot croissant and a really good cup of coffee or martinelli's apple juice for the kiddies and contemplate what you will make with all the fresh stuff you just bought from the local farmers and the garlic paste and strange vinegar you just found at artmart.  they carry the standard herbs and spices from dean and deluca + illy coffee.  they have a handfull of tables and chairs too so you can enjoy your food while your kids make their purchases in the toy shop.
5	ArtMart is the gem of the rather dead Lincoln Square Mall in Urbana. It reminds of a small Crate & Barrel, having both furniture, cooking supplies, and other nifty decorations. Most of their items are interesting or unique, such as colorful star lanterns or rainbow colored plastic measuring spoons. They also have a section of nice toys- Playmobil, Brio, and other upscale brands. In my opinion the highlight is the cookies- big, buttery, vanilla tinged, and filled with a layer of creamy chocolate.
4	free cheese tasting on saturday! FREE CHEESE TASTING ON SATURDAY!!!  and if you are really nice, they will give you a delicious $3 truffle to eat FOR FREE. (can you tell i'm in graduate school?)i love artmart like i love urban outfitters in campustown.  its just so california that i cannot help but be drawn to this place.  i dont really buy anything, save an inexpensive cheese grater, cookie sheet and meat thermometer (i know its random, so sue me) but i like that i could if i ever felt so inclined.  but walking around a interesting milieu of goods that is oddly reminiscent of the MoMA gift shop in SF combined with sur la table and the whole foods in the district in irvine/tustin makes me feel warm and happy inside.i cannot wait to shop for my nephew's birthday in the toy section of artmart, i have purposefully ignored that section of the store just to make my first excursion one where i can actually purchase something.  i can hardly contain my excitement.
3	i deduct a star because i did go to the toy section of artmart last november before flying home for thanksgiving break.  i was eager to peruse their bourgeoisie toy section, in search of something educational yet thrilling for my recently turned four year old nephew.  what i found was overpriced and unoriginal train sets, play cookery, and fake food.  i will not come again in search of a birthday present, as a poor graduate student who actively aspires to be the favorite aunt - it just doesn't cut it!
3	This small specialty item shop sits awkwardly in ghost town of a mall.  While offering unique decorative and gift items, there is something stark about this place--maybe it is a little of the surroundings creeping in.Basically, this isn't really a shopping destination.  If you happen to be doing laps with the regulars and have a friend's birthday coming up, stop on in!  They have unique gift ideas for young women from handmade hats to squirrel salt and pepper shakers. This prices are typical for a shop like this... slightly overpriced, but within reason.  However, in my recent visit it was the service that turned me off.  No "hello" when I walked in, no "can I help you find something?" when I spent a good 15 mins (the only one in the store) looking for something.  I'm not asking for the Disney Store treatment, just a little warmness.
5	This place is AWESOME!When my friend and I decided to explore Urbana, we really had little to no expectations as we had always considered Urbana kind of a ghost town.  When venturing around Lincoln Square Mall, we came upon this neat little shop with a wide array of unique kitchenware and ingredients you'd be hard pressed to find in even the most metropolis of cities, office supplies, clothing, jewelery, toys, miscellaneous (yet AWESOME) gift items, fresh cookies(!!!), just really really neat stuff!We probably spent more than an hour looking at each and every little item in the store, and imagined how we would furnish our home with it.  This is one place I would recommend everyone check out at least once in their college career.  I don't know how else to explain it other than... AWESOME!
3	A sort of odd combination of Williams Sonoma, Crate and Barrel and Dean and Delucca. Cute, a little quirky, bad location (really, you're trying to be a hip, urban retail shop and you choose a dying mall surrounded by parking lots?)Also, I find it sad that the best cheesemaker in Illinois is within a 20 minute drive of their locations, yet none of their cheeses were even FROM Illinois.  I thought sourcing local ingredients was hip these days? It's a respite from the standard Champana fare, but overall I can't muster more feeling than three stars for it.
4	I am a big fan of ArtMart toys. I dont have a kid, but when it is time to buy toys for friends' kids, this is a good place to go, as your risk of buying something they already have is low. The stuff they carry is definitely sure to please the most progressive hyper parents ("I only buy educational, gender-neutral, non-violent, non-toxic, lead-free, free-range, biodegradable, sustainable, fair-trade toys for my little Noam"). Since I am not buying toys for tots every other weekend, the slightly higher prices dont bother me. Since I clearly don't spend much time doing this sort of thing, the attentive and knowledgeable staff is a big plus. They see a clueless dolt like me a mile away and their helpful smiles and suggestions pounce on this sore thumb like a hopped up tigger on sugar.  They also gift wrap.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Artmart.  I'll start with the Deli.  Best selection of cheese in all of central Illinois.  I have inquired about how they choose what they carry in the deli case and I want to pass this on the the other review that mentions there lack of a certain cheese.  You can get it at the big box grocery store that is across the street.  they do not carry things that you can get anywhere.  The home department is just the same.  Things that you will not find anywhere else.  From fun to trendy to classic.  It is my go to gift place, be it a big gift, or something very small for a hostess gift.  All price points are covered. The toy department is also great, though I have only been in it once as I do not have kids.  Worth going to Lincoln Square Mall.
4	I just love ArtMart.  It's an institution in my mind; I've been going there since babyhood for treats and toys.  Now, as an adult, I love stopping in whenever I'm in town to get a cookie or Ruben's chocolate and browse their kitchen, home, and bath items.It's a bit spendy, but the quality of the treats and merchandise is really up there.
4	I thought this was a neat place to shop. It has a very unique approach.
4	if i were rich... i'd eat art mart baked goods everyday.  i'd be 400 lbs by christmas... but i'd eat it everyday.their little bakery makes the best cookies ever.  if you get them when they are fresh, you can't go wrong.  the pastries are good too.  this is my first stop if i need to bring cookies or something to a work meeting or a party.  good stuff fo' sho'.  the rest of the store is full of gourmet cooking implements and foods.  it isn't more or less unreasonably priced than comparable stores.  there is a deli that stocks some salads, meats and cheeses.  there are boxed items from pasta sauces to pancake syrup.  the rest of the store has some hand made jewelry, house hold stuff, clothes, bath and body products... and cards.  i often shop for cards here.  especially if i want to make someone laugh.  they have some fun handmade cards and small vendor cards -- and a lot of times -- they are hilarious.  the toy side always grabs my kid's attention.  he loves the train set that is out for kids to play with.  they carry high end stuffed animals like gund, and a lot of educational toys.  all in all -- it's a nice store.  it's in a really crappy location.  i'm not sure how it survives, but it has for a long time.
5	I've been in Art Mart several times over the past few years, but I've just recently come to really love the place. They have a fantastic assortment of home goods, cooking and imported food products, but what I really enjoy is their bakery and cheese selection. Their pastries are fantastic, and they have Intelligentsia coffee, which is pretty delicious. Their cheese selection is very unique, and you'd be hard pressed to find most of the cheeses elsewhere in town. While some items throughout the store can be a bit pricey, nothing is outrageous, and the food is generally reasonably priced. As for customer service, in my experience, everyone has been super friendly. I've always felt welcome when browsing through the store.If you haven't been to Art Mart, definitely check it out!
5	This is by far my favorite place in downtown Urbana. When I was a kid, my mother took my brothers and I to Art Mart Foods all the time for the melt-in-your-mouth ham and swiss croissants, chewy chocolate chunk cookies and white chocolate macadamia nut cookies, washed down with a root beer or apple juice. Nowadays, every time I go back to visit my hometown, I always make sure to stop by the bakery for a croissant and cookie. Art Mart Foods sells a variety of unique cheese, a fine selection of wine from all over the world, as well as multiple bottles of delightful craft beer. I've taken advantage of their build your own six pack of craft brews multiple times, and enjoyed trying out beer from California, Wisconsin, and Colorado.I love shopping in the Art Mart home department, where they have quality imported dining and kitchenware, including items made by iittala and Le Creuset. When I was in grad school at UIUC, I purchased my wine glasses, colorful table setting place mats, and candles here. They even have beautiful, sophisticated pieces of quality, modern furniture for sale. Art Mart toys is a lovely place to purchase upscale brand gifts for all the little children in your life. They have classic games, puzzles, stuffed animals, and stickers to choose from. I'd like to see more people shop at Art Mart. For some reason, it's always quiet in Lincoln Square Mall, with not enough foot traffic for such a great place.
5	The Art Mart has been in business for over 50 years and it is easy to see why.  The selection of housewares, grocery, bakery and toys are always perfect for a wide range of people.  Over the years I have purchased a number of quality items from Art Mart from dishes to clocks to kitchen gadgets.  The cheese selection is the best in town!  Their baked goods are fantastic (get a pumpkin cookie when they are in season).  The toy section is perfect for a toy that is unique and educational.  As I guy, I can't vouch for the Jennifer North clothing section, but many of my female friends love to shop there.
5	Love this place! Always love all the different items they have. And items to mean CUTE THINGS AND VERY DIFFERENT.  Can't find a gift for that hard to buy someone, go to ArtMart.  They even have a small but very nice selection of clothes.  I hope they never close, Lincoln Square would never be the same.
