5	This place is old school! They actually pay attention to showing up on time, doing the job quickly and correctly, being friendly, and then you get a hand-typed bill in the mail sometime after your service. Very reasonable. A family run business. Don't let their lack of internet presence turn you off...they just don't know about it yet!
4	I agree with everything about the previous review, but I was shocked to have two men show up for a one man job and then be charged over $400 for a little less than an hour of work.  They were very nice, and I was incredibly happy with their service (until we got the bill) but I wish the bill had been itemized a bit beyond "Labor".Granted, I don't have much experience with plumbers, so maybe this is a completely normal and reasonable charge. Had they itemized the bill so I could see how they'd come to that number, maybe I'd be writing a very different review.Bottom line, very nice, professional, family owned for generations
2	While having a local plumber readily available is great, I am glad to have other options. We were charged for two plumbers (and twice the labor cost) to fix a relatively easy problem, as told to us by other plumbers. Additionally, the finishing touches they did, including calking, were not great quality. I think perhaps they feel like they have a captive audience in the neighborhood. Thankfully, that isn't the case and there are many other plumber options. We've learned our lesson.
5	I lived in Madison for 5 years and we still have our house , now rented. Butler Plumbing are the best and the most honest in Madison. And it's a rare treat. Probably the best and most honest plumbers I met since I live in the US, and to be frank, that should include also France where I come from. Rare are those birds. And for review saying the contrary, I have numerous proofs of multiple estimates where they came lower for the same service or equipment, beyond their punctual and clean service. We still use them for our rental property. Great people. If only we could use their services in Chicago!
5	Butler Plumbing has done 2 jobs for me in my 1923 house. Both were completed on time and with no fuss - no muss. I love it when tradesmen/women come on time.Job 1 - they replaced the 3 gallon pink toilet with a new 1.5 gallon white one. one year later - Job 2 - they replaced the bathroom sink faucet - and told me why it probably broke.They do seem pricey - but I did get bids for job 1 and they came in at the same price as others - SO, I did not even get a bid for job 2 - I just hired Butler. I really feel they are an honest family-run firm. They came out at 8 am and were done at 9 am. and I had a shiny new faucet that did not leak all over the counter.Now-- if only the water here was not so limey- it would stay clean. sigh.
