4	Okay, let's get it straight here:This is:                       Denny'sThey serve:                Denny's foodThey're open:            24 hoursYour expectations:   moderately low, but you still expect some quality                                     to the food and service. . .and you'll get it here.  Yes, it's Denny's, but $6 plus drink, tax, and tip will get you a decent and filling breakfast plate at 9 in the morning, 3 in the afternoon, or 12 midnight., and that ain't bad.  Our server was friendly and helpful.  If all you're looking for is Denny's, this Denny's will do just fine, especially if you're on the road in town at 10:00 at night and all the other restaurants around have already closed.
5	I had a surprise birthday party here once and it was absolutely lovely :) Not only was the staff helpful and compliant, but they went above and beyond to make it fun for everyone, from the old to the very young. Thanks for playing along, guys!
4	I have been by this place many times and finally stopped one day. I had Breakfast on a Saturday morning. My server was Maxwell. He was adorable and very professional.I was happy I had gone in.Food is not the best but, it is very inexpensive, so no complaints here. After such a great experience, I thought I would go back for lunch.Since this time it was a week day Maxwell was not working, so I was given another waiter. He tried, however yelling at me from across the room ,did I need anything else was not professional at all.I know he just did not know any better. Please do not discuss your personal lives at work where all the patrons can hear. It is bad Business.Perhaps Maxwell should be teaching the others how to behave when they are at work. I had gone in for a late lunch so there was only 3 other tables in here. All the more reason not to put your business out on the street.I am sure I will be back. But, I am hoping to get Maxwell or someone similar next time.Bathroom is clean and lots of parking in the lot.
5	I love this place. Excellent value for money. Great service. Wide range of selections. Lot's of them vegetarian. Plus, they have a 'fit fare' menu that's pretty delicious too. I would particularly recommend the Veggie Skillet.What I like the most about this place though is the fact that it's always open!! Literally always, 24*7 even on Thanksgiving, Christmas, New year's day.
5	This Denny's has been here forever! There's good reason why, since the location is convenient, being so close to the 60. Service has always been friendly, prices reasonable, and food consistent. Also, it's nice that they are open 24 hours, even on Christmas Eve.
3	Don't usually have problems with this Denny's but recently there were 2 hairs in my pancakes.  Yes in the middle of cutting it I pulled them out from the inside. They were nice enough not to charge me and make me new pancakes.
1	so surprised why this Denny's is close to 5 star ratings, we went for breakfast. my husbands pancakes, eggs bacon or sausages were stiff like they microwaved the plate of the that was cooked a week early 4 times before we got there. I though by looking at the food the manager would be SHOCKED. NOPE he offered us free food that we declined and still made us pay for the plate. IHOP will be my new choice
4	Saturday morning breakfast. .no wait. Had Britney as a server. She had our waters and our order in under 5 minutes.  Our food came out in about 10 minutes.  Pretty good considering that its early on Saturday am. But this place isn't packed? Anyway the food was fine..it is Dennys so dont go crazy.
1	Worst experience my boyfriend and I have ever had going out to eat. Food was cold and looked and tasted like it was all microwaved. Table and booth was dirty and sticky. If you want a quick but good breakfast definitely go to U.S Egg
2	Couldn't order togo on the phone,  would have to go into the restaurant THEN togo than wait.  Kinda defeats the purpose.
3	I stopped here with my mom for a quick breakfast before I had to rush off to work, and there were only one or two other tables occupied. We ordered our drinks and breakfasts right away, and they came out nice and quick. We both got skillets, and after a few bites, we realized the sausage was missing from both. We let the server know, and he immediately went back and brought out two orders of sausage,so I like that they were quick to fix the mistake,but we also couldn't find the cheese.. It was pretty much potatoes and veggies, which isn't a bad thing, but I'm not a huge fan of their potatoes, so next time I will try something else. The server was super friendly and apologizing, so I still give him 3 stars:) next time I'll stick with waffles and french toast:)
1	Went in at breakfast time it was semi busy. ..but not packed. Walked out after 45 mins of waiting for a sandwich. I went to the waffle house instead.
1	9:45 on a Saturday morning and we had to wait 10/15 minutes for a table for 5.  When we were finally seated it was in a room by ourselves full of empty tables.  We had to wait for that?!  The hostess couldn't figure out how many adult menus we needed if we needed 3 kid menus.  Then she couldn't figure out how many silverware after that 2 adult menu and 3 kid menu debacle.  The service was so so slow.  I actually had to leave before the food arrived.I will visit the Broadway/Priest or Baseline/I-10 location from now on.
