5	Freshly opened where Ann Purna once was, Bindi Kitchen and Cookery School is a mighty impressive new place, showcasing vegetarian street food with a Gujarati and East African influence.The extensive selection of dishes I tried were all excellent, with the spinach and aubergine curry the best among many wonderful items. I look forward to my next visit, later this month.So overall, we said: "Bindi was an absolute revelation. Rarely have my socks been so comprehensively knocked off by a place. Each dish was outstandingly good, and the warm and knowledgeable service was truly joyful. I'd recommend you visit soon and you visit often, as this is a superb new addition to Edinburgh's rich tapestry of restaurant excellence."
5	Out and about on a Friday night and looking for some where new to try and the missus remembered about Bindi. Taking over from Anna Purna's the owners have done a great job in giving the place a much needed face lift. On entering the restaurant we were greated by the very friendly Patricia who showed us to our table.  The restaurant has a comfortable feeling about it with a cobination of clean modern decor and traditional Indian in places. We both fancied a pint so we opted for the Cobra which is the only draught available.There is quite a range of food options available here that neither of us had sampled before, also worth noting this is a vegetarian restauarnt. We opted for the Nashto Sampler to give us a good cross over of dishes. To accompany this we also opted for Chilli cheese toast (A Bombay version of cheese on toast ) and Vadhu Pau (Bombay's version of the 'Chip Butty' ). Who could resist descriptions like that.First up was the popadoms which were home made, as were each of the 3 dips. The corriander and what appear to be methi was a favourite. The main dishes were great with the chip buttie and the cheese on toast being my main favourites. The cheese on toast has a a bit of a punch and reminded me of bruschetta with chilli and veg. We had a chat with one of the owners and she said that the menu was based around food her and her sister like to eat but cannot find in Edinburgh.I really enjoyed my experience here the food, service and setting were excellent.
5	We had an amazing time at Bindi on Friday night, and it was easily the best vegetarian Indian food I've had in a long while. Their selection of dishes is truly unique and the restaurant is a very welcome addition to Edinburgh's already colourful Indian scene. I'm already planning my next visit :D
4	I came here a couple of weeks ago for the first time, and treated my dad to an inexpensive lunch. Everything on the menu is 4.95 euros, which really isn't bad for most items on the menu. The cafe is close to the University of Edinburgh, making it a great spot for a quick student lunch.The interior is clean and spacious, there are plenty of places to sit, though it seems to be gaining popularity these days so booking is recommended. I opted for the thali, whilst my dad took the veggie burger. The thali was very spicy and tasty, though the portions were quite small. There were two small fried chapatas, two curry dishes (one was very interesting and memorable, fried chickpeas balls in a spicy gravy), a small portion of saffron rice. My dad's burger patty was also apparently very good and came with a selection of interesting spicy dips. The only thing that let it down was the quality of the bread, he said it felt like it had been defrosted and would have preferred a fresher tasting roll.Bindi herself was very friendly, and gave me a free shrikhand for pudding, a strained yogurt pudding spiced with cardamom and saffron. It was delicious. The table water came served with mint and cucumber inside, which was a nice touch.Overall, nice food but small portions, and the bread could be better. Will be back though!
3	The restaurant is clean and bright.  The service was great and the concept is really interesting - Bombay-East African fusion street food.  We had fried classics like onion bhaji and batata vada as well as mogo (cassava) fries and turmeric-hued fried rice.  The mango lassi was not overly sweet.  While the food was good and fresh (if mostly fried), I am only giving Bindi 3 stars because one of the dishes we ordered (chili paneer) that was labelled "gluten free" was not really gluten free.  It had soy sauce in it, which does contain wheat.  For celiacs, this is a problem and you should check with the waitstaff before ordering. The owner apologized for not knowing that soy sauce contained wheat.  She was really lovely, but celiacs do double check on the ingredients in the food you are ordering!
4	I was sad when Ann Purna closed its doors, but cheeried almost instantly by Bindi arising from the ashes like a vegetarian Phoenix (a tasty one, at that). It's taken a while for me to work up to visiting, but I finally had the opportunity last week. Now, as it's festival time, there is a festival menu that we ordered from, but by judging other reviews, this is a modified version of the main menu. We chose a selection of the larger bites:* samosas; * mogo fries (although these felt a little undercooked); * pani puri (little pastry  puffs stuffed with a spicy hit of masala and chick peas, you pour gravy into them and eat them before it soaks through - this is what I call fast food!)* patra (fried taro leaves, sprinkled with cocnut)* dhokra (steamed cake made from semolina)* a chickpea stuffed ball surrounded by sweet pastry (can't find the name of that, but please be warned - they are tricky to break apart - mine careened towards an unsuspecting diner)* a bombay mix and pomegranate seed beast of a dish You can see the photo I uploaded. Be warned - this didn't look like a particularly large meal (at least to me) but by gum, we failed to clear our plates. Bindi was fab - the service was cheeky and cheerful; the meals were new and unusual but good at the same time. It was on the spicy side for me, but nothing a cold glass of rose couldn't handle. Ann Purna is dead (RIP), long live Bindi!
