4	Great location, by boat or car. (we came by boat).  Decor is very nice with plenty of seating and T.V.s to watch the big games.   They have a great game room with pool tables/ dart boards and more...Beautiful outside deck overlooking the lake.  Very friendly staff and the food was really good!!  I will be back
2	We ate at the original Riverview around 2-3 times a month for over 30 years.  It was a big disappointment when they closed after 67 years at this location.  We were excited when we learned the Riverview had reopened, so we went to check it out. They did a facelift on the interior and added a new bar.  They kept the casual and homey feel, which was nice.  They have removed most of the seating in the large back dining room and converted it into a game room and dance hall with a bandstand.  They mounted a bunch of TV's around the restaurant and they were tuned to college basketball.  We were there for dinner, so these additions were of little interest to us.We were seated quickly, and our drinks were brought at once.  We ordered the blackened oysters appetizer.  It took 25 minutes before the appetizer and salads were brought out.  The salad was unremarkable and the spoonful of dressing was not enough.  The oysters were essentially raw and coated in spices.  Fortunately, we like raw oysters so we really didn't have a problem with that, other than the powdery taste of the spice.  If you are expecting to have your oysters cooked (as 'blackened' usually indicates) steer clear of this dish.A short time later the entrees were delivered.  But, they weren't OUR entrees.  The waitstaff apparently got their tables mixed up and they belonged elsewhere.  Our entrees finally arrived almost an hour after we ordered, and the food was NOT worth the wait. I ordered the Mediterranean Tuna cooked rare.  The fish had barely touched the skillet, was not seared properly, and was pretty much cold and raw throughout.  Again, I like sushi so the lack of cooking was not the problem, rather the black olive chutney they covered the fish with was bitter and unappetizing, totally ruining the meat.  The menu said it was served over rice, but I didn't get that.  Instead they substituted a bowl of bland grits.  I also tried the slaw, but it was totally bland also.  I was really hoping they had gotten the original Burns' Riverview sour slaw recipe, but clearly they did not.My wife got the blackened salmon, which was cooked nicely, but her sides also included the grits and a mixed veg bowl that she did not care for.  A slice or two of lemon and some tartar would have gone a long way to improving the dish.As we looked around (plenty of free time during the wait) we saw that we were not alone in receiving slow food service. We spoke to the manager, and he apologized for the long wait and cited 'equipment problems' in the kitchen.  He offered to comp the meal, but when the check arrived we were charged full price.  To be fair, the manager spoke to us as we were leaving and offered a refund, but at that point we just wanted to leave.If we see feedback that they have improved their service and quality, we may give them another try sometime in the future, but, after this experience, it is not on the horizon.
4	Well, I too am of the crowd that went here back in the day. As a kid I used to love coming here for seafood and to see Captain Wendy. When we moved near this side of town, I was so disappointed that Riverview was closed. Now it's open again, but new and improved!The food is not the same fare as before. That's fine though, because it has an updated vibe. I personally love the Oyster Po Boy, probably about as close as you are going to get to New Orleans in Charlotte. They also have excellent raw oysters.The staff is generally pretty friendly and knowledgable, I haven'y really had any issues. The view is great. When it's a nice day, the deck right next to the water is awesome. This place is huge though, so when the weather isn't nice and the crowds aren't out, it can feel a little cavernous. I went there for lunch today and me and my buddy were literally the ONLY people in there at a place that seats hundreds.With the food being good, and reasonably priced, and decent beer prices, I hope it will stick around. I'd say if I had to offer areas of improvement, get a better beer selection. They have some craft brews, but they've got room for more.Atmosphere: Inside 3.5 stars, Outside 4.5 stars Food: 4 StarsService: 4 StarsPrice / Value: 3.5 stars
4	We attended the "old" restaurant and were very pleasantly surprised by the upgrades and the food quality/price.  We went on a Wednesday night (around 7pm)  and sat outside on the deck in the non-smoking section.  Service was quick and the waitress stopped by on a regular basis to ensure we had everything we needed.Portions were huge and the prices were very reasonable.  There were four of us and the entrees we had were the fish tacos, fish platter and two salads. All the food arrived at the same time (in about 20 minutes from our ordering) and everyone enjoyed their food.In talking with my neighbors, they have all been here multiple times and had good service and enjoyed the food.  It is nice we don't have to travel all the way down to Buster Boyd bridge to have a waterfront meal.We will definitely be going back.
4	Here we go Saturday night and they have prime rib. So it was not hot and mashed taters were warm and I say order it now. The flavor was awesome. A must do. Appetizers was fried green tomatoes they were phenomenal. Salad was crisp service was excellent beer was cold. Hush puppies were great excellent herb garlic butter. Just all around good. Not del friscos but not the check. Go check it out and enjoy. Really nice for the price I recommend.
1	Just left this place. Upon entering the foyer there was a bad odor maybe it's just age. Folks standing at the bar all turned as we walked in and my husband made the comment that we were the only minorities in the building. It showed on the hostess face as well. He looked at the seating chart and said that there was a 30 minute wait but there was no one else waiting. Will not be going back not welcoming and no place for minorities! Shame!
5	The verdict is AWESOME. First time in and we will be back. I had the shrimp plate and Lesley had the salt & pepper flounder (which I had to help her with, yes it's that big a plate). Kasie took great care of us and we will ask for her in the future. Anthony stopped by our table to check on our meal too. Fantastic first visit, job well done!
5	Another great visit. We had the Grilled chicken club sandwich w/ honeymoon fries and the salmon Caesar salad. Both were excellent!
3	This place is situated right on the Catawba River, very close to the US National Whitewater Center.  I had a nice lunch here on the deck, and enjoyed seeing a crane out in the water.  Apparently you can feed the turtles as well, but I didn't see any while I was there.  The hummus was a decent appetizer.  Tried the shrimp and ahi tuna tacos for my entree, and they were both good.  Slightly spicy sauce on them.  Service was good and the people were friendly.  If you're in the area, it's probably worth a stop.
2	There isn't a lot of view at the riverview unless you're out on the deck - and even then, it's only a small section. Probably better to pack a lunch and eat from the parking lot.Inside, the place is cavernous - and there are not a lot of tables inside either. Most of the customers we saw (all three of them) were gathered around the bar, which naturally had them facing away from the river.As to service, they were apparently also facing the bar, because it took a long, long time to get served, and when we finally did, it took a long time to actually receive anything we ordered - not that it's a bad thing, because we at least were able to take in the view of a couple ladies smoking on the patio.Once the food finally arrived, it was completely underwhelming. Should have packed the picnic.
1	Purchased a Groupon for Riverview and due to the decent reviews, thought we would try it out. Should have saved my money and time. The food was flavorless and left much to be desired. The service wasn't horrible, our drinks were constantly being refilled and everything came out in a timely manner. Ordered the fried calamari because I was intrigued it came with banana peppers; thin calamari pieces, weak batter. Should have tried the shrimp instead. Entrees of seared Mediterranean tuna over rice pilaf with hush puppies and snow crab clusters with the tomato cucumber salad and yellow grits. The tuna entree came out cold; not even lukewarm. The "Mediterranean" topping on the tuna (described as tomatoes, feta and olives) was just olives. The tomato cucumber salad was soggy as though it had been prepared many days ago and left to sit. The grits were bland. When we were ready for the bill and told the server we had a Groupon, her demeanor instantly changed and she was cold and rude. Couldn't even make it home before we started to feel sick. I would NOT recommend this place.
