4	I can't give Phuong's a five star rating since my alterations were to be ready by Friday and I showed up on Saturday and the dress was not hemmed....  But I think he still deserves four stars for the cost and quality of work.  The cost is lower than Linh's fashion alterations down the street.  Previously, Linh's was about the same cost a few a years ago, but lately it seems they arbitrarily name a price for similar work.  Phuong's quote for a dress hem was half the price of the quote at Linh's.  Therefore, he is is my new go to for alterations, but I would recommend calling ahead to check if the alterations are ready before heading over.  Even though the dress was not hemmed when I showed up, they were able to hem it within an hour and get the dress to me.  I was worried rushed work = shoddy quality, but the quality of work was impeccable!
4	Took 2 new pair of $110 designer jeans in to be hemmed. $14 per pair for original or $8 for regular hem. I decided to go with the original hem to maintain the look. It was Friday and they asked me when I wanted to pick them up. I said Monday but they reminded me Monday was Labor Day so I said I'd be in Tuesday. Tuesday I came in and they weren't done. They offered to have them done that afternoon but I had to go to work. I said I'd just pick them up the next morning. They were ready Wednesday morning. They look excellent. I would have given 5 stars if they were done on time.
5	Very polite, professional and amazing work! I took my suit that needed significant alterations to be altered, both pant and jacket, and it was ready within a couple of days and reasonably priced! My suit fits beautifully!
5	I'm so happy I found Phuong's Tailoring.  The quality of work and cost is the best I've seen so far and I've tried many tailors in Vegas. I've done hemmings to size alterations on dresses, blouses, and a jumpsuit. Every time its been perfect! Excellent work and great pricing!! Highly recommend and will definitely be back!
5	Very polite and helpful. Great job and is fast and fair. I highly recommend I have had several clothes worked on and they always turn out great.
5	Awesome place. Moved here from out of state, I tried three other tailors in this area. This place has by far the best price and service. Three pairs of pants in 24hrs!
