4	It was a Wednesday night and we were the only people there... We sat outside and brought the dog... (would be 3 stars but giving an extra star for being dog-friendly).  Travis, one of the wine makers was very attentive and had some good recommendations.  We had the cheese plate and a bottle of the cab-merlot mix.  We didn't finish the bottle, and it was no problem to cork and carry!  The cheese plate had 4 cheeses, dried apricots, fresh grapes, mixed nuts, a mustard, and crackers.  It was eh... cheese could've been better.  However, we will return - perhaps to make our own wine.  We agree with Ashley's review that Su Vino would be a great place to host a party.****One more thing - when you go to Su Vino, I highly recommend visiting the ladies bathroom - you'll see why!
4	I met a group of women at Su Vino on Friday night for gossiping and wine...a great combination.  The inside is nice...a few high-top tables that can seat groups and a decent sized bar.  There are a few tables on the patio as well.  Friday is ladies night at Su Vino, so appetizers are half off, as is the 5 wine tasting (normally $10, but Fridays for ladies it is $5). If you do the tasting, you get a souvenir wine glass.  Bottles are also available for purchase.  Like Ashley A. said, if you are looking for dinner, Su Vino is not the place...there are a few appetizers and sweet desserts on the menu.  The dipping oil and bread was delicious....I liked how it was olive oil and vinegar and the caprese was tasty as well.  The cheese plate, on the other hand, was just OK. While I can't remember most of the names, the one cheese that had nuts in it was my favorite.  I did not enjoy the Irish Cheddar at all; the green apple cheese was interesting but I didn't enjoy it all that much; and the fourth cheese was just alright.The five wines I sampled in my tasting were the fruity chardonnay (good); riesling (my least favorite of my five, which makes me sad because I love riesling); gewurztraminer (smooth and good); sauvignon blanc (my favorite of the five...it was delicious); and almond champagne (very interesting...I really liked it and it was my second favorite of the five I tasted).  Travis waited on us, and I thought he did a pretty good job, considering there were 7 of us partaking in the 5 wine tasting and most of the time we all ordered a different wine.There is a sign off Main Street directing you to Su Vino and parking on Main on Friday night around 5:45 pm was not a problem at all.  You could definitely tell Friday night is ladies night because there was only one male customer sitting at the bar; the rest of the place was filled with groups of women.
3	I love the idea of a winery tucked away in Old Town.  But I just found the delivery a little off. You can't beat the Ladies Night pricing (even the regular pricing is good) but what that meant was that it was only women, save the servers, in the establishment.  It was kind of strange.  I wish the samples were a little more generous and I really wish they gave you a new glass for each one.  I was quick enough to grab an unused glass for my second sample, as my first was an almond champagne (it was interesting) and pouring another wine into that glass would have surely tainted the taste.  I would expect a winery to know better.   I also had a great view of a ton of plastic water cooler looking jugs filled with wine in the back.  Is it normal to store wine in plastic jugs?  There was paper covering the ceiling and at one point they were playing Dark Side.  It was just plain odd. (Not that I don't enjoy Dark Side its just a little strange at a winery....)The food is your standard wine bar fare.  I chose the cheese plate which I thought was average at best.  None of the cheeses were particularly memorable and I would have preferred if they were served with something other than Carr's water crackers.  The service was slow.  Food was slow to come out, which is odd to me because the place is small and none of the items really require cooking.  Our server was also very slow in bringing out our tastings or checking on us to see if we were ready for another.  Will I be back? Um....to be honest, its doubtful.  Maybe if I happen to be on that side of Scottsdale Rd but honestly there are so many choices for wine cafes here that this probably wouldn't be on my radar.
5	I really like this place... they have great wine... try the tasting... it is 10 bucks and you get 5 tastes... they make almost all of the wine in house (i know the almond champagne is not made there)... i have not found any wine that i don't like... my favorite is their porto and chocolate port.the other thing you can do is have a bottling party.  i recently purchased 30 bottles (at a great price!!!  cheaper then the wine stores).  they make the batch for you and then you have a party to bottle and label it.  this is a great and fun different party for you are your friends.  despite it location it is a great place for a date...
2	I hate being so critical of new places. Especially when they seem to be owned/operated by Mom/Pop. I did the $10 wine taste with a friend and I must say...it was perhaps the worst wine I've had in a very long time! Like Kristin S, said, who stores wine in plastic jugs? Reminiscent of a water cooler bottle!  If your idea of good wine is some that comes in a box or is called "Arbor Mist" or "White Zinfandel" , this may be the place for you! But if you're a true wine enthusiast, or collector perhaps, its not!
4	Unlike some- I really enjoyed the wine at Su Vino. The place is set up nice and is good for groups. My only complaint was the menu...I would like to see a little more substance available.
4	I think this place is great. It's a unique little spot. However, some of these reviews are expecting too much. First, you're going for a $10 wine tasting for five wines, you shouldn't expect Opus One. The wines are priced appropriately and the concept of bottling parties is such a great idea for an event. Also, 'carry & go' is a perfect idea in this area. The wines are not offensive. If you are a wine connoisseur, then you will appreciate that these are young wines, but typically are pleasing to the palate. I have always found the staff to be extremely friendly. Also, I agree with Gabbi, that they get props for being doggie friendly!!
4	We've been meaning to got to Su Vino for over a year and FINALLY got here last night. We will definitely be back sooner rather than later. The $10 tasting is a lot of fun.....5 different wines, including a new sparkling wine that is very unique. And, while I'm not a big "port" guy, they had a cocoa port that is GREAT. Not too sweet, with a hint of cocoa. We also had a combination of the cheese plate and the antipasto plate (Thanks, Becky, for throwing that together!) While it didn't change my life, it was good. Overall, it's good value for your money. It's a great place to stop by before or after dinner. Also, the ability to make and bottle your own wine sounds like a fun and unique experience.
4	This was a terrific experience for many reasons, but it was the service that we enjoyed the most.  Our server, Becky, was friendly, knowledgeable, not pretentious in any way, and more than generous with the servings.  Cory was also very friendly, as were the others that helped us.  In fact, it was great to see that if one server was busy, the others jumped in to help.  We immediately felt among friends.We were disappointed to see that so many selections were out of stock, so were unavailable for tasting (and thus purchasing), but I agree with Marcus D.: the Porto Cocoa is not to be missed.Still, it is unique, and a great place to take friends who are visiting from out of town.
4	What a great hidden spot in Old Town.  The wine great, people friendly and the art in the place is fabulous.  They feature local artists, which I am a huge fan of - I prefer to support the locals, whether is art, restaurants or boutiques.  Right now they have a great artist that does contemporary paintings... beautifully done and VERY reasonably priced.  Put this on your radar.
4	Great wine selection, VERY light food menu, great staff, and you can bottle your own wine. WINEGreat wine tasting: 5 tastings for $10. They give you a good amount of wine for each tasting, too.Because they bottle their own wines- some of them are not matured yet so they tend to be on the "too sweet "side for me. The Porta Cocoa is amazing! FOODDon't come here looking for a full meal. They have a nice selection of appetizers to go with their wine- cheese plate, crackers, dried fruit, etc. They also have desserts but not a full menu for meals. The appetizers go great with the wine but won't fill you up. AMBIANCE The beautiful wood floors and wonderful art on the walls help you escape from the bustle and rushing of the city. This place will help you escape from the business of life- especially on a weekday because it's pretty quiet here during that time. OTHERIf you decide to have a party here, you can bottle your own wine!The wine is reasonably priced as well.
4	The wine tasting was good but most of the wines we tasted were not available to buy by the bottle   The famous chocolate port had also sold out.  The place has a good location, great atmosphere and nice decor.  We went around 5pm on a Friday evening and the whole Main St area was very quiet .  I would definitely go back, maybe a bit later in the evening.
4	I had no idea a winery existed in Scottsdale. I went to Su Vino this past weekend on a tasting during the Taste of Scottsdale tour. During the tasting, I sampled a white, a red and a dessert wine. I like to have wine from time to time, but by no means a wine expert. I usually don't drink white wine, but the pour I had here was very nice and sweet. I liked the white wine quite a bit over the red (which I would normally drink). The red wasn't your normal red and something I've never had before. I wish I could recall the name. The dessert wine (Su Vino's most popular) was a nice treat to cap off the outing.  The wines are very young. Please remember that when tasting. The tastings are also very affordable. The person pouring the wine and providing all the information about the selections was very nice and informative. He shared information about the various wines, where the grapes came from and about the winery itself.. There is a limited food menu that is paired with the wine as a snack or light meal. Don't come here to have a regular meal.A cool thing about this place is you can come here and make your own wine. Behind the bar are some empty bottles of wine they have made for events/celebrities.I think this would be a fun place to do a tasting with parents, in laws or friends from out of town who like to enjoy wine or sample new wine.I'd like to go back and sample some other wines and get another feel of this place when not on a "tour" outing.
5	My first visit to Su Vino was for a friend's "wine" shower... We had appetizers and bottled a great red blend.  The winery had actually created personalized labels with an ultrasound picture of my friend's baby (super cute), we bottled them with the intention of opening them on Olivia's first birthday... but I opened the bottle earlier and the wine was great.Other visits to Su Vino have always been on a live music night...  they have really great musicians.  I love Matt Thorten and two weekends ago a great jazz band was playing.   The wine is good and a great price, I usually have the peachy keen or the summer rain... but because of the great servers (trying to get me out of the box specifically Travis and Joey) I have moved on to different reds (I really like the cab merlot blend).  I typically go to the winery with a crowd and it's always busy... the service is great even when swamped.  The staff actually take the time to explain the different types of wine (last time I was there my friends all had tastings), where the grapes come from etc etc  I was very surprised about Hilary W's post... I've NEVER had any of those issues...Overall it's a great place to take friends, have a get together or bottle your own wine (i love the ability to personalize)...
5	This place is adorable! If you're into local wines, nice decor, tasty finger foods, awesome service, and jazzy tunes then this place is for you! Su Vino is located in the Art District of Old Town Scottsdale and is tucked away in a little corner; which is perfect if you're trying to get away from all of the Ed Hardy rejects and their never-dry spray tans. (snap!) I visited Su Vino for the first time last week. I stopped by on chance with a few friends on Friday night and had the pleasure of meeting the owners (who are married and super cute!). My pals and I went through three bottles of wine and shared the best stuffed strawberries and peanut butter brownies I've ever had. There was a live jazz ensemble that night that sounded great as well. I'll also note that the ladies' restroom was immaculate AND came fully stocked with complimentary toiletries that all women can appreciate =) I'd totally recommend this jewel to anyone young at heart over 21.
4	they owe me a branded, stemless wine glass. it comes with the taste menu. and they were out. i went with a few girlfriends and we had SO much fun. we were the only ones there and we ordered a tasty cheese plate and a bunch of wine tasters.my favorites were the apple wine and the port. so good! i can't wait to buy a few bottles. the price was extremely reasonable as well. the service was awesome and our waiter/owner was hilarious. one of my friends was shamelessly hitting on him, his wife eventually took over. ha! but they were amazing. the experience was so fun and the space is open and airy and bright. i loved it. i will definitely be back to do the tasters again or to buy the bottles. i think they mentioned being able to do personal labels as well which could be fun!
4	This place is great! We sat at the bar and tried the Summer Wine flight. Summer Rain was my favorite. Super light and crisp. Very refreshing! I definitely recommend it for a hidden snack and delicious glass of wine. Their port is also supposed to be very good.
3	Wasn't too impressed by most wines but loved the Port and bought a bottle. Found it interesting that you could create your own wine and wine label. Wanted to try the chocolate and wine pairings but was going before dinner. If I lived in the area, I would visit again.
4	The prices were extremely reasonable . the service was a little slow but very good. The night I was there live jazz music which was very good.The only negative thing is to get rid of the chips they use on the cheese dish and replace them with a quality crackers.I'll be back to see if the service does get quicker and if they expand the menu.
3	The people here are super friendly. The appetizers are good, but it would be better if they would add more options. They have a great concept. I like the bottling your own wine thing, with personalized labels, etc. Prices are very reasonable--$10 for a 1 person tasting, plus the price of any appetizers you order. One big problem: the wine is not so good. It is very young and lacks any depth. However, it's a fun experience, and I would be happy to see the place succeed (it's been here 3 years so far).
3	Super difficult rvw to write.  Great service, very attentive, and obviously Jason is passionite about the concept.  I wish there were half stars - I would do 3.5.Was definatly something interesting to do on a hot Saturday afternoon.  Decor was really nice.  Tiny bit hard to find (like some things on ebay).Cheese plate was quite nice. BUT..... ALL the wines were extremely young with no character at all. If you love wine, and I do, this is not exactly the experience you may be looking for.  You WILL be highly disappointed - big time.  Lacking in quality in a BIG way.  This is basically the sludge or the dregs of the wine pulp and whatever given from California, Oregon, and Washington.  (OK, for sure the left-overs from which other wineries do NOT want to use). It could and might be fun to host some sort of team buliding event to bottle some wine, but I certainly could not, in any way, justify paying $12-19/bottle for these.  No way.  Seriously, i bought a Sangiovese  for $1.99/bottle (at a store - not Su Vino) which, unbelievably I even drank!!! (was for company who didn't have a wine palette or care), so I bought and served it rather than my $20++ bottles.  Point? This $2  wine was better than their "Super Tuscan" at $24/bottle.  Yes, seriously.  In fact, there are numerous Kirkland/Costco brand wine which you can buy for $6-12/bottle (Meritage, Cab Sav, Malbec, Rose) which are from Spain, New Zealand, ect, that are much better than Su Vino.  Not wines I usually drink, but I can't drink $30/40/50 dollar bottles every/all day, so sometimes I try to experiment, even if it means I cook with it :-)The Pinot Grigio & Chard was "drinkable", but certainly not at $11 per bottle to make & take.  Naw-Ah.When I think of what $20 for a red gets me (think Duckhorn, Decoy, ZD Cab, Blends, Owen Row, and for a few bucks more for Reds like Prisoner, T-Vine, Nickle - the list is endless), it's crazy to think I would pay for a minum of a case price ($200+) for these.  I'm sure they would "possibly" taste a 'bit' better in 6, 9, 12+ mths, but I wouldn't know, since all their tastings are only in the bottle about 1 mth. I am glad I tried, went and checked it off my To-Do List, and you shoud be your own judge, but this wine is not for me - just my personal opinion here.  And wine is definately very personal.
4	A little starch in atmosphere, but the concept is there and the service is honest.   I say "honest" because every time I've been there no matter who serves me, they don't seem phony and really enjoy being there, which makes me enjoy being there.    As someone mentioned before the wines are young, but have great potential.  If you've ever been wine tasting from a Barrel, you'll run into the same scenario, so you shouldn't frown on them for it... just store the bottle properly and give it a try in a year! I've purchased several bottles and I particularly enjoy the Melange and the sweet Ruby wine.  Their flight tasting is very reasonable 5 tastings for $10 is a steal!   I've also attended a bottling party there for my cousin which was a fun experience.  Su Vino is a great place for a first date; meet up with friends or coworkers.  Don't go there expecting to get filled up on appetizers, but they're available if you want something to munch on in between meals.  *I recommend checking their events calendar before you go, they do close occasionally for private parties.
5	I absolutely adore Su Vino!  I've taken friends there a few times and everyone finds something they enjoy, whether your taste is white or red. The ambiance is lovely, the wine is great and the service is fantastic (friendly, attentive, patient & they make great recommendations)!  Great place for a first date or just to meet up with the girls!
5	I'm new to Phoenix myself, so I know very little about Scottsdale, but I was "showing a friend around" who was visiting from the East Coast. We were wandering around the art galleries when we saw the sign that said winery. We were thirsty and always down for wine so we went in. It was about 2:30pm on a weekday so it was just the two of us and one other couple inside. We poked around and then bellied up the bar. It sounded like the guy who served us was the owner I assume; he definitely talked about it as if he owned it. We each tasted 5-6 wines and shared the Caprese platter which was good. The gentleman who worked there was extremely personable, knowledgeable and friendly. He had a great sense of humor and was overall the perfect bartender. We each tried a couple of the fruity whites, a couple of the reds and both finished with the Chocolate Infused Port. I think that was wine #6, even though we had just intended to do the 5 tastings for $10, but it was so worth it! Very tasty! The wine bottling party seems really neat that he will custom make a wine for you and then have the bottling party with custom labels. I'm sure there are, and have seen fellow Yelper wine snobs that will criticize the wine for not being top quality. Realize, I don't think he's trying to rival the great wines of the world and he's asking a fair price for what he's giving. I have little doubt that it's the best deal you'll find in Old Town. Just know what to expect when you're going in and enjoy it! I saw some complaints about slow service and not giving a fresh glass with every tasting, neither of those were a problem for us, but it may be because of the time we went. It's a great place to go before going out to a dinner because he actually has a menu printed out for what seems like EVERY restaurant in Scottsdale all compiled into a nice little binder with their addresses and phone numbers, IT'S AWESOME! I wish I had one! I'd love to go back and check them out for a live music night. They're just really nice passionate people and I recommend checking it out and enjoying some reasonably priced wine and supporting a local business.
5	This is my favorite go to place for a date or a night out with my girlfriends. The food is great and I can't say enough good stuff about the vino!!My favorite is the Ruby
4	I went to Su Vino on a Sunday. It was totally empty. I really liked the decor and the atmosphere. Here is my break down:1) Flight of Wine - 3 stars. The wine was just OK. Not great, not good, just OK. The blended Cab is the only one that I felt was truly good. They do let you bottle your own wine if you would like, but I would be embarrassed to give one as a gift since it wasn't that great. Anyway.....back to the breakdown. 2) Service - 5 Stars. The service was excellent and the staff was very friendly. That goes very far with me! The pourings were prompt, but not rushed, the food was nicely prepared and brought to us quickly, and the server was very bubbly! :)3) Food - 5 Stars. The food was excellent! We ordered the large cheese plate and the stuffed strawberries! Both were heaven! I love, love, loved the strawberries. Amazing. If you go there you have to try them!I will definitely go back. Thanks Su Vino!
4	We had a great time here. Liked the flight of 5 wines for $10.  Not the top wines around but what do you expect for the very reasonable prices.  Definitely thought the staff was extremely attentive and made it fun for us to hang out a few hours.
2	Went here for some wine tasting and had an okay-time.  The service was pretty bad - our waitress did mentioned that it was her first day there but it seemed like she had no training in the menu at all.  She didn't know how to pronounce things, recommended things, or answer any questions.  She did bring senior staff members over (to answer questions) who were so friendly and nice that it made me feel like I was missing out on part of the "experience" by not having one of them help with my wine tasting.  It was very slow-paced and there were periods where our glasses were dry for 5 minutes or more between pourings. The wines they offer are mainly blends and they are decent - I really liked the white peach one!  The prices to take a bottle to-go aren't too expensive either, in the $12-$24 range. The atmosphere is so-so...the walls are lined with wine merchandise and accessories that made it seem a little cheesy.  At one point a staff member started cleaning the tables with a harsh smelling Pine Sol-like product which was not very helpful for wine sniffing.On the way out, we noticed a table full of board games! We love board games!! Too bad we didn't know that option was available!
4	Tried this place through Groupon.Don't have a palette or interest in wine types, so I can't talk about the wine quality. I had all their sweet wines and liked them.The cheese plate had four of them, I wouldn't say they were uniquely different from one another. There was sage derby, brie, mahon and something else. One of the crackers that came with the plate was very hearty and nice, the other was horrible - like oily tortilla chips that weren't fully fried. The plate also came with cranberries, apricots, grapes, olives and salted nuts and seemed like a good value. Overall though I had a good time, and thought the combination of wines and cheeses I had was good. The decor was typical AZ type, brown and beige. They had live music. We sat at the tasting bar but there were groups at tables too. Outdoor seating was available too. Saturday evening was full but not overcrowded.The person who attended on us was very nice - Christine I believe her name was. Another guy who talked to us first thing when we sat down asked and classified us as Groupon or non-Groupon, which felt weird but I guess that reflects how many Groupon customers they had had. He also said "you are not drinking to make me happy, you're drinking to make you happy" when we asked him if he had recommendations which I thought was weird at best.
1	I had heard good things about this place in passing and so purchased a Groupon to try it out. So the 5 wine tasting and an appetizer for two.  We arrive aroung 5:30 on a Thursday night and again the place is empty, so you'd think we'd have no trouble getting good service. Wrong!  Three people working and no eye contact. Our server didn't offer any comments on the wines we chose- like what it might pair with, where the grapes were sourced, any charecteristics it had... I'm not a wine snob but I have done many a wine tasting and you usually get some sort of interaction from the person pouring and some information on what your tasting. She did mention how much she liked the goat chesse and cinnamon stuffed dates but that ended our conversation except for one word answers to our questions.  She even left before we were through our tasting and didn't tell us or the next server...ugh.We ended up purchasing an additional appetizer, (warm brie served with Triscuts, seriously?) so we planned on spending money...might have even bought a glass of wine after the tasting had the service or atmosphere been inviting. I will not be back for any reason.  If they can't serve 2 people at the bar properly how can they do big wine making parties right?
4	We visited this past Saturday night. I've been once before but I'll review on this last time. We had a Groupon which was for a 5 wine tasting for 2 and an appetizer. First of all, this is a winery, not a restaurant. I think the servers prepare all the appetizers themselves. There does not appear to be a kitchen. We walked in at about 8pm and the place was busy! All the tables were taken but we did manage to find 2 seats at a bar. But while we were waiting for those 2 seats to open, we couldn't find staff anywhere. Finally a guy came up to us and said 'We are busier than we've ever been. Ever. So just look around and take a seat anywhere." A server actually came over to us pretty quickly and explained what the place was about. We ordered our first tasting plus told her which appetizer we wanted and ordered a second one also. The first wine came out quickly. She said our appetizer would be out soon. Then the second taste came and she said the same thing about the appetizer.  At this point, we experience a huge delay in service. Probably 20 minutes later, another person brought us our one appetizer (dates stuffed with goat cheese and cinnamon with cranberries- very tasty, by the way). This server apologized profusely and said they had a staff member no-show, which was why they were short. Another probably 7 minutes went by and our other appetizer (warm brie with apricot and cranberry) came out.I would speculate that the winery does not intend for their food selection to be a meal, but rather a snack to have while you're tasting their wines. In fact, after we left, we went to Trader Vic's for some happy hour grub.All in all, we were there for about an hour and a half, which was too long.The wines I had were- un-oaked chardonnay (liked very much), Blue Breeze which is pinot noir fermented with bluberries (LOVED!! ANd bought a bottle to take home for $13.75), Ruby- a sweet red (liked very much), Miscela (italian blend- it was ok) and the Malbec (also ok). THe manager? did stop by and gave us a coupon for a free tasting, again apologizing for the slow service. So we'll definitely go back :)
2	I went here because I bought a groupon for a wine flight and appetizer. I chose to go on a night with live music which was great. The wine and appetizer was wonderful.. Service not so greatI liked the atmosphere; however, the seating and layout of the dinning and bar area was crowded. I ended up sitting at what they called 'the side bar' which left us in a weird spot and initially overlook by the wait staff. I would have loved to be in the main seating area.
4	I have to say I loved Su Vino!  First off, it's very unpretentious.  I'm not very knowledgeable about wine, so I tend to shy away from places that have an attitude.  We  also had one of the 1000 outstanding Groupons about to expire.  And in spite of the fact that just about everyone coming in that evening had a Groupon, the staff was fantastic.As they do not have a kitchen, all appetizers are cold, but we had a nice cheese plate which included 3 cheeses, olives, nuts, grapes, and dried fruit.  My only complaint was that the lahvosh-like crackers were really oily and not good at all.  Lose those and it would have been much better.As for the wine, it was actually better than I expected.  Although I don't generally care for really sweet wines, both the Summer Rain and Peachy Keen were really enjoyable.  I just think of them more as a crisp summer beverage than wine.  I was surprised to like the Pinot Grigio as much as I did and may have purchased a bottle, but it was not available that evening.  The Miscela, an Italian blend, was a miss for me (too acidic for my taste), but the Malbec was better.  For after dinner wines, the Grande Finale was over-the-top sweet.  I would probably not drink more than a tasting.  The Porto Cocoa, however, was fantastic.  I generally stay away from Port because I dislike the "brandy burn."  But one whiff of this and I was hooked before I tasted it.  While it's not like terribly sweet, you definitely get the essence of chocolate.  We bought a bottle to take home, in fact, but I only saw one wee little glass.  My husband apparently mistook it for a Yoo-hoo and drank the rest.Great place to begin your evening!  And because many of these young wines are sweeter, even my non-wine-drinking husband enjoyed it.
5	Cheers! Slante! Salud! We drive up from Casa Grande because we love Su Vino.  We have always had great service, have enjoyed the wines and the food.  It is not your typical "Snottsdale" place.  The atmosphere and staff are very casual and welcoming.  We never feel rushed while we are there, in fact, we almost feel encouraged to linger and to enjoy ourselves. Su Vino has become one of our favorite places to spend a lazy Sunday afternoon.  We look forward to our next visit and are planning on bottling our own for gifts.
5	I thought it was great. The wine was fantastic, the owner served us and was incredibly nice. There was someone playing music in the bar, (a little cramped I was worried it would be too loud), and otherwise awesome. I went in on a groupon, and I didn't get ANY attitude about it (which is weird I get that more than I think I should!). Yummy, yummy, and more yummy. Go at happy hour! And re-cork? Are you kidding? Nice idea, but my friend and I drank ALL our wine LOL
3	Eh wasn't too impressed.  I've had better wine and their selection was pretty limited.  I think they had more appetizers and dessert on their menu than wine.  We tried the Bree plate, stuffed strawberries, antipasto plate, olives, and the bread and dipping oil.  It was just ok, there wasn't anything that tasted so good that I wanted more.  We also happened to go on a Saturday night when they had live music.  Sounds like a good idea but the place is so small and the music was so loud that you felt like you were sitting on top of the sub.
4	How cool is Su Vino!!?!  I went here for the first time a few weeks ago, and was totally impressed.  As Scottsdale's own local winery, they have tasting menus at affordable prices, and some super delicious wines!  Small appetizers also abound, and the Caprese was sooo yummy!  We went on a Saturday night, and were entertained by local musician Matthew Thornton....such a treat!  I highly recommend this place for a nice glass of wine and a relaxing atmosphere!
5	One word: Ah-may-zing!I've loved this winery since the moment I stepped through the doors. The staff is only outshined by the fabulous wines that are served and the incredible atmosphere inside the tasting room.All wines are bottled on site, and there are so many great varietals that I don't think I could really try them all! And every time they are bottled, they are a bit different, which adds to the fun.Go in for an afternoon wine tasting, or plan a night with friends, share a bottle and a couple snacks, and you'll have an unforgettable time.And don't be surprised if you leave with a few bottles in hand as well :)
3	Su Vino has it's pros and cons. I also think I need to go back again before I have a full opinion of it, luckily I have another groupon to do that with.Pros:- i loved the wine. I'm not a big wine fan but their whites were so refreshing, especially in this summer heat. I might end up buying some bottles because I thought they were so tasty- the staff knows their stuff- the caprese was great- it has a very laid back attitude when wineries and wine tasting usually exudes this air of elitism- would be cool to have a private party here, which they do a lot of- tasting 5 wines for $10 is pretty awesomeCons:- it is kinda weird to be the only people in the place no matter what day or time it is- i don't need to watch you put on rubber gloves and make my food, you can do that in the back. same with all the scrub brushes and dish racks in plain view. that's a little weird.- they are pretty dead in the summer, this is a snowbirds kinda place- i love me some 80's music but i don't know if this is the place or time ;)I think I will bring the parents here when they visit and see what they think. I'm kinda indifferent as of now, but maybe if I bought some bottles I'd be happier. I suppose I can always do that.
3	I was impressed the owner contacted me personally.  But I still havent returned.  I will give them an A for effort in an attempt to get me to return for a better experience... I just havent wanted to.
4	Went there with my wife for the tastings.  We had a good time.  Very interesting selection of wines, the cheese appetizer plate was good, a little lacking in the quantity of cheese department, but good quality.
4	Wonderful service, nice setting and GREAT live music.  Good atmosphere to meet up with a friend and get a tasting - I did have a groupon and was happy with the experience.  I tasted both white and red and enjoyed all of them.  If I was staying in the area longer I would definitely come back!
5	I think it's such a shame that I'm seeing several negative reviews on here. Su vino is one of me absolute favorite places to go. I have never had a bad experience. The staff is always knowledgeable and friendly. Some saturday nights they have entertainment in the form of a man with a fantastic voice! I love love love the wine and if you're looking for a place to do a unique event, this is it. We did a wine bottling for my sisters bridal shower a few years ago and it was fantastic! Everyone had a great time!
5	Su Vino is the only place in AZ that I know of that makes their own wine.  I was wondering how they actually did it, and they buy their grapes from all over the world.  In the wine bar itself, you can see the barrels and equipment that they use to produce the grapes into wine. I came in with a Groupon, and we found a seat at the bar.  The person serving us was a good friend of my friend.  My friend is a doctor and he learned a lot from the co-owner who is a PA.  It was good to know that Su Vino is family owned and customer friendly.  With the Groupon, I was able to take try 5 different wines and share an appetizer with my friend.  I tried the white wines and a Merlot.  My favorite wine was the Summer Rain, as it had a light taste and fresh flavors to combat the summer heat in AZ.  The prices are fairly decent for a bottle, too.  I will come back again to enjoy!
5	My husband and I visited this place during a getaway weekend in Scottsdale.  The inside was very inviting and packed with people when we got there.  It is definitely a wine bar atmosphere, not a winery.  We waited about 15min and were seated at a table but a couple chairs at the bar opened up so we moved there.  We were served by the owner and he was awesome!  He knew a lot about his wines, the grapes, and gave good recommendations on tastings.  We ordered bread with oil/vinegar.  Large plate, very tasty, and reasonable price.  Only recommendation would be to make the food in the back.  His wife was in charge of food, she was very friendly, but everything was out in the open for everyone at the bar to see.  The wine was good.  I loved the Rose and Zinfandal but could have gone without the Cab and Merlot.  At the end, despite us having completed our tastings, the owner gave us a sample of the Cocoa dessert wine.  Yum!  When we received our bill we saw that he had not charged us for the appetizer.  What a nice guy.  Before we left I asked for some recommendations on places to have dinner.  The owner pulled out this box with little cards he had printed for various recommendations he has in the area.  I would totally copy him on this if I worked in a restaurant/bar here in San Diego.  Overall my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our time here and would go back if we ever visited Scottsdale again.
5	Hosted our Engagement Party here on August 29th, 2011. First of all, the ease of planning the event was incredible. Cory and his family do such a great job to make everything fun and smooth. Cory gave us a Wine 101, which was super entertaining, down to earth and a wonderful learning experience all at the same time. Our guests had such a wonderful time and really felt they gained something from the experience. We tasted 5 different wines and every guest found at least one they loved (or 4 in my case). Can't wait to head back for a date night!!  Thanks for such an amazing time!!
5	Adding more to my review.. 2nd visit and it was fantastic yet again!!!
5	In A word . Classy .This place makes me feel like A million bucks , or A celeb .These are the nicest people on the planet .Love this place .
5	We stopped by Su Vino on a Friday around noon. We were the only ones there which made us a little leary but it turned out to be a great thing. One of the owners actually waited on us. My wife and I each did a tasting which appears to be a bit expensive at first (5 1 ounce glasses for $10) but after sampling 5, more actually as we shared, and talking with Maureen for about a half hour and learning all about their wines and how they started the business it was well worth it. The kicker was  when our bill came (we bought 6 bottles) we found that they waived both tasting fees AND the cost of the three glasses we bought while chatting. We plan on returning some time in the future and doing a bottling session and making our own labels.
5	Su Vino is one of my favorite places in Old Town and my favorite wine bar! I have been here many times with friends and just to order wine for parties and special occasions. For the price, the wine tasting is well worth it! If you become a Su Vino Club Card Member, they will send you coupons for free wine tastings so it's definitely worth it. Even people who don't enjoy wine will find at least one flavor they like. Summer Rain is very refreshing and fruity, perfect for someone who doesn't know wine well or just wants something delicious. Peachy Keen and Blueberry Breeze are also amongst my personal favorites. Their chocolate wine is also fantastic!!!Highly recommended for groups or even on a date. It's classy, friendly and fun. I have recommended this place to many friends and they all love it. 5+ stars for Su Vino!
5	What a fantastic evening and great place. They have a great selection of wines and appetizers. And you can buy a bottle to stay or go! We will definately be back.
3	This past weekend my Fiancee, my parents, and I visited this little spot tucked away on Main street in Old Town Scottsdale. We had a really good time, and like most other people here we found them on Groupon. We tried the Antipasto and the Cheese plate, and the bread and olive oil, they were all ok, Antipasto was my favorite. Pass on the brownie, It's a prepackaged heat-in-the-microwave type of thing which they drizzle chocolate sauce over. I'd go for the wine and probably stick to just the wine next time, they have a good selection and lots of custom and interesting flavors like peach, berry, and "Summer Rain" for the girl that just turned 21.Atmosphere is great and the tables and wine racks are interesting. They have a bottling station where you might have a group come in and slap a custom label on some of their wines for a special occasion. They had the usual black t-shirts with the glitter text saying cheesy and lewd things, which is a little of a turn off to me, because without that and a few more of those original paintings or other artwork on the walls it would really be a classy place.
3	Su Vino is the "first and only winery in Scottsdale."  I like to come by every once in a while to sample some of their wines. They often have a $15 deal on GroupOn and whenever I see it I'll buy one or two. It makes for a nice start to the night with a date in Old Town Scottsdale.  The wine is good, the staff is always very friendly, but the scene is just kind of ok.  What can Su Vino do to improve? Change their location. They are in a weird part of Old Town that doesn't see much foot traffic so it can be dead some nights.My experience has been, I go with a date, there is some other event going on (Rehearsal Dinner or Bachelorette Party), there may or may not be a few other couples at the bar, and the bartenders will keep you company with a friendly conversation. I'll be honest, I won't go here when I don't have a GorupOn coupon, but when they go on sale I'll be sure to grab a couple and I suggest you do the same. For $15 you can get about $35 worth of wine and apps. You get two wine tastings (5 wines each) and one appetizer to split. I recommend either the antipasto or the cheese dish as both are very good.
5	Great wine and great customer service!We were in Scottsdale for my friend's bachelorette party, and we did the "bottling party" at Su Vino.  We had a big table that sat all 8 of us, with cheese, fruit and crackers, and our own personal wine maker bringing us tastes and explaining the different wines.  Then we were able to bottle our own wine, and put our own label on it (we had a picture of all of us girls).It was a blast!  I would definitely recommend a visit here!
4	Shortly after writing my original review, the owner messaged me and kindly apologized for the experience I had had and offered my date and I to come back and try them on his dime.  The timing never worked out quite right and I had forgotten about his generous offer.  My bad! I just tried their wine again at Devour and spoke to the owner for a little while and he is a great, friendly, knowledgeable man. He was the most enthusiastic of all of the 30-some wineries there and the Summer Rain white was one of the best I had tried the entire day!I think Su Vino deserves more stars than I originally gave them and I am betting that my experience was more of a one-time fluke than how they typically operate business.  I need to go visit their shop in Scottsdale and get some of that delish Summer Rain!!
2	I was so embarrassed that I picked this place for my girls night out. When we got there we were early so the waitress sat us at the table and gave us water and menus, that was really the last time she approached us until later. The table next to us had two ladies waiting for their party to arrive within 15 mins the waiter came over and asked them if they wanted some wine while they waited. I was shocked that we didn't get the same service. Finally our group arrived and again we had to wait to get anyone's attention. I then got up to get our waitress to let her know we were ready for our tasting. I was really excited for the evening and for my friends to try the winery out for themselves. We finally got to order. Two of us were doing the wine tasting so our waitress explained that we needed to pick five wines. Well to our surprise when we were picking out wines I guess we were not moving fast enough because the waitress roll her eyes at us. I could not believe we were getting the kind of service. We were nothing but nice and said our thank you's every time she came over to drop something off. This waitress completely ignored us most of the time. We would try to get her attention (she was standing at the register right in front of us) and she would just walk away. I have never been treated like this at any establishment. I am just embrassed that I raved about this place and we got this kind of service. I was about ready to leave after the second glass of our wine tasting but we stayed to the end.  We then left to go to Malee's on Main for dinner and let me tell you their service made up for the horrible service we received at Su Vino Winery.
4	Fun! Friendly! Delicious!Those are the three words that come to mind after I recall my visit to Su Vino Winery (SVW). It was a great trip to Old Town Scottsdale, and I was pleasantly surprised by the experience.I am now living in DC, and bought a Groupon to SVW to have an outing with the family. So, my parents and I made the trek from Chandler to Scottsdale to attend our first ever wine tasting. I was expecting stuffy Scottsdale owners and servers who would talk down to us due to our ignorance in all things wine related. This is was not the case is the slightest. We were greeted very warmly and asked to be seated at the bar. After telling our server that we did not know a thing about wine, she patiently explained how the menu worked, how our Groupon was to be used, and what wines she believed we would enjoy the most. Boy was she dead on! As much as I would love to say that I enjoy a full-bodied Sryah, I am more of a fruity/fizzy kind of girl, and opted for the lighter selections. My father, who is a whiskey/brandy/scotch drinker, did the same while mom my opted to be the DD. The entire experience was delightful. Between the three of us, we order two apps (cheese plate & antipasto) and my dad and I samples 5 different wines. Surprisingly, all of the wines are grown locally, and are VERY VERY GOOD. I highly recommend trying SVW. The staff are great, the service is impeccable, and the  ambiance is inviting. I visited in the late afternoon, but overheard the staff talking about their very busy evening ahead. I suggest make a reservation if you are planning to go at night.
2	Went in here for the first time recently, intending to use the appetizer/wine tasting Groupon.  Upon walking in, the hostess seemed inconvenienced and asked "Can I help you?"  Well,um, we'd like a table (duh).  Though there were some open, she said they were all "reserved," so we asked if we could sit at one of the many that were open outside.  She went and checked to see if they were available, then came back and said they weren't going to open the outside.   Hmmm... well that's a bad business decision.  People arriving and waiting for tables, all the tables inside are "reserved," there's plenty of tables available outside on a beautiful evening, yet they won't open that area.  We walked out and didn't think twice about it.
3	I would have to agree with Natalie G. Waiters seemed to approach you like they did the 20 customers before. When we walked in, a few tables had reserved on them, so we just kept walking and were approached by a waitress. The first thing she asked instead of greeting us was did we have a groupon. We were like no, we just wanted to taste some wine. She pointed us to the bar and we sat there for the duration. It appeared to be a lot of locals in the place. I didn't really understand the thought or descriptions behind the wine. Waiter pretty much said if I don't like it, dump it out and it won't hurt his feelings. We liked the atmosphere, but the wine was not good after the third taste so we decided to take off.
3	I agree with Laura and her comments. Paid $10.00 just for 5 glasses of wine tasting with just a smig poured in. We have done plenty of wine tastings at all sorts of places, and at most, pay $8 for normally 6 glasses of wine, with good servings. I found it very overpricing for what you get. I was excited off the yelp reviews before I went, but after I went, probably will never visit it again. You'll have to try for yourself though. Maybe just me?
3	This is a great escape from the heat and endless art galleries in town. I was initially the only customer in the whole place...I suspect that others, as I did, had difficulty finding the place, which seems odd considering what a large building it is in! There is a large lot and some kind of statue-art piece that obscures the view of the building from the main part of town and it is tucked behind the strip of galleries...It is beautiful inside and the customer service was excellent. The wine was okay, the strawberries with mascarpone & chocolate infused wine were amazing! I think it is weird that they make their wine from grapes imported from other places. I asked if they had anything from Arizona and was informed they "bring in the best grapes from California and import from various regions overseas." I was disappointed because Arizona has some great wine country and I expected a Winery that "makes wine on site," and is based in AZ to have some local grapes involved.
2	Came here before, they were out of many wines, same story.today.  disappointing.
4	Our favorite local Winery. Great diversity of affordable wines. Something for everyone. Never miss a Groupon.Great place to relax and cool off. Appetizers are yummy.
5	Su Vino is my out of the way, go to spot.  I've brought the girls here, done the whole after work relax thing, gone on multiple double dates, used groupons, not used groupons, planned a private party of 80 here, and a large group of 13.  I continue to go back, and will continue to do so... whether I check in or not.  (Out of the way, remember... don't want to give it away)Yes sometimes the service can be a bit spotty, sometimes it is weird to be the only people in there, and sometimes you'll show up only to find out its not open at that time for something or a-rother. However the service can also be awesome and when you are there for hours shooting the shit; you don't always need a server in your business.  I also have been to known to like it when we have the place practically to ourselves, the crowd varies a lot and my friends and I aren't exactly known as quiet.  And having also rented the spot out for a private surprise engagement party... I'll respect it when they do it for others.On that note, highly recommend this venue for a cocktail/mingle event.  The set up of the spot is perfect, tall tables and soft lighting are great for groups.  We had them put out giant boards with their spread of antipasto/cheeses/fruits etc. for everyone to knosh on, and they did a great job keeping them fresh and stocked.  We selected 4 options from their wine menu for the guests to choose from, and the staff was very engaging while pouring and answering questions.  They even made a custom bottle/label for the bride and groom to be.  Su Vino also has a section where you can get all hands on and bottle the wine.   I haven't done it personally, but it looks like a great group activity and a conversation starter at the least. When I go with the girls or in smaller groups I always start off with their taster flight selection for 10 dollars.  It is so much fun trying them out, again and again, with whomever I'm with... and then making by the glass or bottle selections from there.  I recommend their cheese and meat small plates, perfect to share and compliment each other well.  If you don't see the games out, ask.  A rousing round of Boggle or Chess can be a great addition to any evening, and can turn those large tables into justttt the right fit.
5	Great wine, friendly staff, and reasonably priced. Ask for Travis, he's the one with the pony tail likely cutting the cheese. Seriously they have great cheese
5	I'm a huge sucker for bars with board games, so of course, I'm in love with Su Vino, a wine bar in Old Town Scottsdale. The small, charming spot is tucked away from the nightclub scene and hidden in the art gallery district. It has a cute little patio and a bar you can sit at, in addition to a few tables within the restaurant.You can get some delicious appetizers and desserts to accompany the dozens of wines they serve. I recommend the cheese platter ($12.95), which consists of a generous portion of a variety of cheese, plus grapes, olives and crackers.And the Caprese salad ($9.99) was a stellar portion of thickly-cut slices of mozzarella and beef steak tomatoes. This was one of the best-valued caprese salads I've ever had, and it tasted delicous.Su Vino's obvious big draw is its wine. You can try a wine flight of five different types for only $10, and you can also purchase glasses and bottles.Another cool thing you can do at Su Vino is bottle your own wine, complete with custom labels -- perfect for parties or special occasions.And then there are those board games you can play while sipping on your wine. It's a great way to relax and have a low-key evening in Old Town Scottsdale!
4	What a fun time.  Got a Groupon and went for the first time with another couple.  I had called and made reservations to make sure a table would be held.  It was a Friday night and some tables were empty but the place was still busy.  We were seated almost immediately and Travis was our server.  Pleasant, informative and enjoyable and always checking on how we were doing.  He wasn't intrusive and we never had to look for him.  We had mapped the location beforehand and was expecting it might take us a little to find it.  Just read their instructions on the website and you'll be fine.  Was expecting a little dinky place but it is fairly large and wide open with tables and a bar area.  Nicely set up.  We didn't try to pretend we knew everything about wine, so the experience turned out to be a nice evening.  We all found a wine we enjoyed and one of the couples bought a bottle to take home.  Our Groupon came with appetizers, so we enjoyed the two platters (cheese and antipasto).  Figured we would need to order more since 4 of us were munching, but actually the amount was just right and the choices on the platters plenty.  Worth getting it again.  We will be back to try other wines they make and spend more time just enjoying a bottle or glass.  I don't think you will be disappointed...especially with a Groupon.
4	I have been to Su Vino twice now and had a great time both times. Both times we had a tasting and a cheese plate. All the wines are delish. I do agree with other yelpers that they could be a little more generous with the pours. But it's no big deal. I was pleasantly surprised by the Summer Rain wine. I usually don't like flavored wines, and I loathe wines that are too sweet. And I usually don't like apple flavored drinks. Summer rain was slightly sweet, crisp, and refreshing with just a hint of apple flavor. The bottles are reasonably priced. So reasonably priced that it's tempting to buy every bottle on the tasting menu! But we exercised self-control and just bought two.The cheese plate is huge and has a great variety of cheeses and fruit. Everything on the plate is very tasty. They had a wine cheese that my husband adored. They also had delicious olives.We splurged and also ordered the mascarpone strawberries. Extremely yummy.Service is great. Our bartender was friendly, down to earth, and extremely knowledgeable. I am picky with my wine pourers because they often can be aloof and pretentious. Not this guy. Su Vino is a fantastic place for a date night. It is a great way to unwind, taste some yummy wines, share some decadent nibbles, and bond with the person you are with. :)
4	Before I review, I must say that for only going once, the impression left is very strong I very much recommend Su Vino. Before even talking about wine, the customer service focus is amazing. From all the Bridal Shows my fiance and I have been to, they are always so accommodating as far as costs for event rental and the way the owner handles business is great. I am currently in charge of our wedding rehearsal dinner/party, and this is the #1 spot I have set on my list. If we go through with it, it will be a blast. *As for our experience at the bar........*My fiance and I went here on a Groupon about a year and a half ago. We haven't been back since. Its not our fault though, we've just been so busy.....sigh... Even without the Groupon, I would come by here, and we are planning on doing so shortly.  The wine tasting was great, and the platter we tried really added to wine pairing. Being a semi-wino, I enjoyed trying the varieties, while my fiance went right for the desert wines. Its nice to know they make in-house such a wide variety of wines for everyone to try,. Considering the wines they make are privately made, and not "mass-produced", the bottled wine to be purchased is also quite reasonable. The staff is friendly, and the ambiance of the location lends to a relaxing chill mood, rather than a fast paced guzzle-fest or a upper class snooty wine bar. We were able to play some fun board games while sipping on wines, and we stayed for a good couple hours just taking the location in and playing games. I can't wait to come back!!!!
2	A group of four of us went last night for the first time. I had purchased a Groupon, and was excited to check out a new winery. The service when we arrived was dismal. It took a tour leader from another group to flag someone's attention. We had reservations yet they acted surprised to see us. Given all this, if the wine had been great, we could have forgiven the service...it was not great. I don't expect the wine to be of Napa or Sonoma quality, but at least make up for it with your service.Disappointing, and I'll stick to other local wine bars moving forward. I honestly can't believe this place has an average of 4 stars...
4	Love this place.  Their appetizers are yummy and they have a great selection for their tasting menu.  I've been here a couple of times now and have enjoyed myself every time.  It's a great place for date night or to spend an evening with friends.  Highly recommend!
4	Thanks Su Vino for contributing to a wonderful afternoon with my goddaughter.  She is an unemployed bartender who recently relocated to Phoenix.  She needed some instruction on wines to complete her resume.  We purchased a Groupon for a wine flight and appetizers.  I was leery after reading some of the reviews.  All I can say is they bent over backwards to assist us, explain things, answer questions, and make this a totally enjoyable experience.  Kudos to our server, Jackie, who really made Melanie feel special.  Their recommendations were spot on.  And the glass of bubbly on the house didn't hurt, either.
5	I went to Su Vino a month ago for a bridal shower. I was so impressed with the location, it was the perfect location since we all live all over the valley. I loved the ambiance and how they took care of us. I could not wait to go back for more of their wine. I could not stop thinking of the Ruby Red!! I went with a friend who is not a big wine drinker but really loved the peach flavored and the summer rain. She purchased 2 bottles to take home! I tried a blueberry flavored and was impressed but really nothing compares to my Ruby! I again can not wait to go back but just saw my Ruby in Total Wine! I am one happy girl!!
2	Maybe I'm spoiled growing up near all the great wine regions of California but the wine here to me was totally uninspired. The Chardonnay tasted like something out of a box and the sparkling had almost no bubbles. The only wine remotely interesting was the Zinfandel made with Lodi grapes. I was also disappointed they didn't have tasting notes from the wine maker with vintages, grape sources, etc. which is pretty standard at a winery in my experience.The space is great, nice location and well thought-out layout. And I bet a bottling party would be fun.
5	OK. I must update. I must. We went back a couple months ago, and I absolutely love this place. I hate seeing 4 stars from me, when I know this is my favorite place to wino-out at. Lets update, shall we?~Fud/Drink~I love the appetizers they have on the menu and how they pair so well with the wines they offer. Although it is simple to pair wine and cheese and semi-upscale food together, there are still ways to fudge it up. The options they give you are relevant and easily interchangeable upon your next visit. The wines here are mind-blowing. Yes, they come from out of state, but does that matter? NO it doesn't! They grow these grapes with extreme care, ship them in here pronto, and the wine masters take care of the rest. The wines have significant flavor and volume, just like you expect. You do not miss out on value and taste, each wine is tailored for your pallet. I love my red's and they sure do stock some mighty tasty options. The Cab's and reds offered here really do have some personality that even wino's can enjoy. They also offer a large variety of sweet wines, which is a little different. It allows my fiance and others whom aren't big on traditional wines to get into it a bit. The wide variety of options for wine here makes it a great spot to run to!~Atmosphere/Service~The vibe is so relaxed for a wine spot, it really is perfect for the city here. Games are available to play on the high top tables and they have extended the backroom to be available for parties and the events they hold. The atmosphere really ties the wines together well. The service has always been excellent, and each time we came with a Groupon. I would come here if they didn't have a Groupon, by the way :-).. Anyway, the service was above par even with the coupon, they have had a smile on their faces each time we came in and it never left their face when they came to serve us. Last time in we brought my mom and dad for a paired flight. My mother is a very picky wine person, and she did not like the wines much(my Dad loved them, and he is big on red's like me... go figure). Point is, the server was not taken aback by her assertions that she did not like the wines, and flawlessly provided her alternatives on the menu she would like. When she started getting uber picky, she was provided some wine's not listed on the menu which she did like, ending her random grumpiness. Our server was helpful and fast despite a busy Friday night. There was nothing more we could have asked of them, really did a stand-up job!~Extras/Rating~The owner reached out to me after my last review. He thanked me for the review... the thing is, they deserve the accolades. I hope adding my extra two cents to the fray will bring a big more attention to the location. I haven't had a bad experience here, nor a bad wine. I still assert this place is the best place for authentic wines in the basin here....I mean, come on they bottle Kokopelli's wines now guys! Available at Total Wine and most of the grocery stores out here, they are the local wine pros. Do not mistake them for selling out, they hardly have done that. They are just making it easier for me to get the wines I like at a store nearby. 5 stars for great service, great food, outstanding wines, perfect atmosphere and a good owner who knows his clientele. Salut!
5	Got a groupon to here for wine tasting and appetizers and was completely satisfied! the appetizers were huge and the wine is amazing! The peachy keen and summer rain are absolutely amazing never had anything like it. I was just visiting so I had to buy 2 of each but was happy to hear u can order online and they ship as well.Definitely recommend this place! When we are back next year we will definitely be returning here.
5	We purchased a Group on for Su Vino. It was a wonderful experience. I enjoyed the Summer Rain and the Razzle Dazzle and the guests I went with enjoyed the Bella Rose. The service was excellent. We plan to stop at Su Vino anytime we are in Phoenix and will highly recommend it to our friends.
5	We love this place.  Great ambiance, wine, and staff.  Cory, the owner, makes us feel special whenever we go there.  I highly recommend this place.
4	Super fun! Loved it! Kinda hard to find because it's hidden but they post signs on the street which is good. Inside is nicely decorated - I didn't want to leave the bathrooms :)! I'm not a wine drinker but I took my mom here because she is. We both loved it! Super friendly staff and good wine! My favs were the Razzle Dazzle and Summer Rain. Food super good and very affordable!
4	A business partner hosted a client appreciation party last night and there were about 30 of us..I love everything in Old Town and this place is set back a bit from Main Street, large enough to accomodate groups.  Service was very good, the cheese and fruit plates definitely full, and the wine was good...not great, but then again we are not in Napa!  But it is a fun experience to hear where they get their grapes and how they bottle them, etc.  I'm not typically a white wine fan, but the two whites that were served were very good.  Summer Rain a bit on the fruity side but nice for 110degree AZ days.
5	I bought a Groupon here for a wine tasting and appetizer deal for 4 people.  We all had a blast.  After our official tasting, we hung around and played board games and  ordered a bottle of our favorite wine!  We'll definitely be back.  Perfect place to check out before going out for the night.
5	This place is perfect for a date because you can sit and enjoy tasty wines and yummy appetizers and then afterwards walk around under the string lights and enjoy some neat artwork in the galleries.  It is also a good spot for parties (reserve a spot.  It's always polite to let any business know beforehand.) and or small groups.  They have board games you can play while you have your tasting.You don't have to be 21 to be inside this spot, but obviously you can't drink with everyone.  They do have sodas, juices and snacks you can enjoy if you aren't of legal age yet. I just wouldn't bring anyone too young because you don't want to have them running around ruining the experience for anyone else.  On to the wine review!  Each person can do a tasting for $10 and you can pick any 5 wines off of their little minue. Summer Rain is light and a tad fruity.Peachy Keen is light and peachy. Duh.Razzle Dazzle is the perfect pink sparkling wine for the ladies.Sangiovese is delicous and a lighter red.Cab/Merlot blend is ok for me, but it's one of their most popular wines.Zinfandel has a stronge intense taste and I did not enjoy it.Bella Rosa was also ok but still a popular flavor for other people. I'd pick the Bella Rosa over the Zinfandel.Porta Cocoa was just like pooring chocolate syrup in your wine glass. Intense chocolate flavor.Food reviews: stuffed strawberries can come with either chocolate syrup onto of the Mascarpone cheese or balsamic vinegar on top. We thought the balsamic tasted much better then the chocolate.  You can also order it half and half to enjoy both. $5.99Warm brie came with tiny dried cherries and apricots and small bit of each jam. There were three different types of crackers.  Tiny bread,  triscuit crackers and those flat round white crackers. $12.99
5	Excellent location, and lots of fun to try quality tasting wines. Great wall art.
2	Good idea for a date night, but not executed well. We went in with a Groupon for 2 wine tasting flights and an appetizer. We ordered a "fairytale brownie." I don't know if you have ever had these before, but they are AMAZING. However, at Su Vino they were absolutely disgusting! Even the waitress who saw us order it let us know it was OK if we wanted to order something else because they were the ones nobody wanted and they saved them up until someone ordered them. As far as the wine, it was a cute idea to have different wines to taste, but most of the selection was not very good. Needless to say, I won't be going back...
5	Had a groupon for a party of four (wine tasting and two appetizers) The food & wine was really delicious! The waitress was very knowledgeable. My favorite tasting was the Bella Rosa, my husband liked the Porto Cocoa and our friends agreed they loved the Summer Rain. We bought them a bottle as a gift. Nice atmosphere for friends to catch up :)
3	I ordered four wine tasting flights with an appetizer.  We liked one of them so much that I purchased a bottle.  The appetizer was just okay and the service was also just okay.  Great place for a date!
5	I love Su Vino!  There is not another winery like this one!  They have a huge selection of wine!   Nice apps and dessert as well.  What is awesome about Su Vino is that you can customize your wine!  You can create your wine and even customize the bottle.  The offer options for wine bottling parties!  Super cool concept!
5	I cannot say enough good things about Su Vino Winery.  I stumbled upon them a little over 5 years ago when I was looking for a unique space to have our wedding reception.  I was treated with top notch service from the very first time I stepped into their location.  Cory, Jason & Travis made our wedding reception way better than we could have ever imagined.  Our guests still talk about it to this day.  We have been loyal patrons ever since & will continue until we are unable.I'm just sorry it took me 5 years to actually write this review, sorry Cory!
4	We had a Groupon to visit this location.  The deal was for two wine flights and an appetizer for just $15 - great deal.  We were actually pleasantly surprised that we both were able to have 5 wine tastings each with this deal instead of what we thought would be 5 shared samples.  We had the brie appetizer with crackers, which was delish.  My fiancee and I are attempting to widen our range of wines that we enjoy so we both branched out a bit and our server was extremely patient and made suggestions and recommendations throughout our time there - he was even kind enough to switch up one of his drink orders since it was similar to one he had tried and didn't care for too much.  The Razz was crazy good and we both highly recommend it.  We finished off the whole experience with the truffles (well worth the $5!) and I think we only ended up paying about $7 over what we spent on the Groupon itself...so totaled up it was $22 for ten wine samples, one appetizer and an amazing truffle dessert.   All in all a great experience and we can add two wines to our list!Overall: AWe will be back to this cozy corner in downtown Scottsdale for a relaxing date night out.
5	This place was great.  They make some of their own wines that are really good, and you can have them custom make a wine just for you!  My wife and I enjoy going here for date nights.
5	We stopped into Su Vino using a Groupon which was a super deal- tasting flight of 5 wines for two people + 1 appetizer at 15$. The appetizer alone cost about this much. The location is really nice, set back off the main area a bit- they have outdoor seating as well as indoor and bar seats. We sat at the bar and got great service. The two men on staff were very friendly and we had a good chat with them while doing our tasting.The wines tend to be on the sweeter side and they have some selections that are not what I'd choose to purchase myself, but it's fun to try them on the flight. Their Un-Oaked Chardonnay ($6 glass/$16 bottle) is crisp and clean, which I liked. We also tried the Razle Dazzle (sparkling wine $5 glass/$18 bottle) since we heard good things about it. I wouldn't order it at any point during a meal, but I would happily grab a bottle or two to drink with friends poolside- this stuff is sweet (but not sickly) and goes down easily. They have two 'Summer Refreshment Selections' which are very sweet and fruity (as you can perhaps tell by their names; Summer Rain and Blue Breeze). We tried the Summer Rain ($5glass/$11.75 bottle)- nothing wrong with a Riesling..has apple flavors which is nice. By far the best wines were the reds though. Their new release, Super Tuscan ($8.5 glass/$28.99 bottle) is very good, in my opinion. From what I remember it's a blend of Cab and ...ok I don't remember. It's nice though. The Bella Rossa ($8 glass/$24.5 bottle) was my husband's favorite. It has notes of chocolate and cherries. I'm not a big fan of Port, but their Porto Cocoa ($8 glass/$24.99 bottle) was pretty interesting and well worth a try. Usually these things are sickly syrupy sweet, yet this somehow managed to not hit that mark, which is good.  It was our anniversary, so they gave us truffles (thank you!) to pair with our Port. Great way to finish the tasting. A note on the food- it is yum, but they do have everything prepackaged ready to go- they are not actually going to be cooking anything, more like assembling it on a plate. For me, this was fine for the Antipasto platter (which was the perfect size for two people). As added bonuses- they have a massive games table- you could buy a bottle and hang out for the afternoon which might be fun.
5	Friendly staff, very helpful and great wine, what else could you want?Please go here!
5	My husband and I used a Groupon here for a wine tasting with my parents and we had a lot of fun. We kicked back and tasted their yummy appetizers and wine while we played some games and had great conversation. Our waiter was very kind (especially since it was a wine and cheese tasting...and I have a cheese allergy!) and accommodating. We would definitely go back.
4	I have been to Su Vino twice since moving to AZ, and I do LOVE their wines. They have great wines, a fun atmosphere and mediocre food/appetizers (at best). They have many wines to choose from to suit all tastes. I prefer the light, crisp and sweet wines- and Su Vino's Peach does not disappoint!The staff is pretty friendly, but nothing to rave about. If you go here, it's definitely for the wine and nothing else. Great prices on bottles, too!
2	The idea of a winery in Scottsdale was such a cool idea, I bought the Groupon. It has a great location and layout. However the girl waiting on us seemed knowledgable.... But kept it all to herself unless asked a specific question. We told her we were new to the place. She just didn't seem interested in being overly friendy. On to the wine: I am not a wino by any means, however, I thought it was supremely below par. Very one-dementional, almost overbearing at times! One of them (we each had the flight of five wines) was almost like drinking grape juice mixed with alcohol. The appetizers were good...The four of us shared a cheese plate and Antipasto salad. It was an okay start to our evening with friends.
5	Came here for a bachelorette pary to AZ and we did wine tasting here. We had an eventful day and ended our afternoon by coming here. The staff here and I were in communication from some time while planning this trip and I must say they did a phenomenal job in planning our party. The labeling of our wine bottles and teaching us how to do it was excellent. The girls def enjoyed it. Hope to return here again!
4	Came here for a tasting and appetizer. The wines were great. I loved the summer rain so much I took a bottle home.only $13 a bottle it is a really good wine. Tastings are only $10 a person and you choose five wines. I would have felt more inclined to give five stars if my server had been a bit more knowledgeable and less awkward. We ordered the cheese plate, that was okay, not the best selection of cheeses i have had but for the price it wasn't horrible.
3	I found out about su vino on groupon. The deal was too good to pass up. I've never gone wine tasting before so it was worth the buy. My husband and I went around 2:30pm...besides another couple we were the only ones there. Our server David was very friendly but it was hard to grab his attention at times. The groupon included a free appetizer so we chose the warm brie and preserves ....it was pretty good !!!! Over all we had a good time.
1	I came here with a Groupon for wine tasting and the wines and food was amazing. The service,  however,  was slow and I had to keep getting up to request my own wine. Server was nice and knowledgeable about the wine, but was forgetful and SLOW! Took 2 hours to get me all of my wines and food. ....
4	My boyfriend and I went to Su Vino for the first time on Valentine's Day. Our experience was great! We had a Groupon for two flights of wine and an appetizer. The wine selection wasn't terribly varied, but everything we had was excellent as far as quality. We chose the cheese platter as our appetizer and it offered a nice assortment of fresh and dried fruit as well as nuts, olives, and four cheeses. Great for sharing, as there is something for everyone! The staff was friendly and happy to make recommendations. We did have to wait a bit to be seated even though we had made reservations, but we were offered a complimentary beverage afterwards. I would  recommend Su Vino for dates and small group outings.
3	Let me start with the positive: it's overall very clean, foods not bad and has the cutest bathroom I've ever seen. Now let me dive into my experience last night ... I bought a living social for 2 flights of wine and an appetizer. I was looking forward to using it for months and was extremely disappointed. The waiter, let's call him hipster with (most likely) non prescription hipster glasses. Least attentive server I've ever met. It would've been fine if he was hustling around. But he bopped around. There were maybe 10 other people with little demands. (I bartend and used to serve. It's obvious when someone's at least trying). We'd order a sample and 10 minutes later we'd see him again with our wine. 15 minutes later he'd come back and take our order again. Over an hour went by and we were only 4 samples in, had finished our appetizer, wanted to order a full glass of wine and were extremely annoyed. We finally went to the bar, asked for our last sample and a full glass of wine and the bill all at once. Hipster was of course bopping around, not attending tables and still did not have these samples that magically took 20 minutes to pour and deliver. The only thing that saved our night was the nice man who made us a strawberry dessert on the house without us asking. Thank you sir! I would've given this a 2 star if it weren't for you. PS the games were a blast, but there was a dead cockroach and no game pieces in one of the boxes. PPS thank god for the music from the art walk. There was no atmosphere (besides some chatter). Just crickets. Most likely from inside one of the games.This place has potential. Please hire someone with experience and who doesn't bop around in la la land.
4	Good wine, good appetizers and a great atmosphere. I am always looking forward to a girls night out here.
4	Location is a lot of fun - a friend of mine and I like to have our girls evening out here. The wine and appetizers are yummy (I suggest the stuffed figs and strawberries - so delicious and great with the wine!) It's still a bit of an up and coming location, but it has a nice, relaxed ambiance that's easy to talk in and everything is clean. We've had some great servers and some who are a little more apathetic, but either way we have enjoyed it. It can be a little hard to find - it's hidden back in old town Scottsdale, and the directions when it comes to GPS don't quite get you there (in fact the first time I tried to get there we actually gave up) but the hunt is worth it.
4	we had a groupon for a wine tasting for 2 with an app. We had the cheese plate which was great to me. i like all the different little "things" on the plate...cheeses, fruits, crackers....it makes me feel fancy!our server was super bubbly and talkative and very positive. i had 5 tastings, starting with a bubbly, a peach, and then 3 reds. i've had their wines before at various festivals in the valley and am always pleased with their tastes. the location is a little off the beaten path in old town, which is nice because it seems to keep the customer inflow limited, giving everyone a chance to drink without having to wait too long for a seat. only negative was that i overheard one of the bartenders say the place has been open a few years? it still looks kinda unfinished. there's a little "hideaway" (that wasn't very hidden) next to the bar that was full of what looked like just a dump spot for empty boxes and containers.
5	I purchased a Groupon coupon for 4. The coupon included 2 appetizers and wine tastings for 4 ppl. My family and I booked a reservation for a Friday night  and had a wonderful time. It was a nice relaxed atmosphere where you can hang out and have conversations w/ your party. The prices were very reasonable too ($10 for 5 tastings). Being a novice wino, I thought they had a nice variety to try....something for everyone's palette. I personally enjoyed all their dessert wines with their chocolate covered mascarpone strawberries...yum!  We will definitely returning.
4	We have been here 3 times now and love coming back. The appetizers and desserts are great, as well as the servers. I recommend doing the wine flight to try out a little of everything!
5	My wine tasting here was awesome. I was able to find a good deal on Groupon to experience their wine tasting and I thoroughly enjoyed myself. The cheese trey with 4 different cheeses, an assortment of crackers, and fruits (strawberries, grapes, and melons) was a nice touch to the tasting. Su Vino had a great selection of wine. I am particularly biased to reds and their Malbec and Merlot were great. I also had their Pinot Grigio, Peachy Keen, and Summer Rain. My favorite was the Peachy Keen. It was sweet and smooth. I recommend that you try that one if you like sweeter wines. I also liked the fact that they carried a huge variety of wine accessories such as wine stoppers, decanters, glasses, carriers,and cork cages. I highly recommend coming here.
5	A friend of mine suggested we meet here, great atmosphere.   We sat at the bar, the wait staff was very courteous.  Excellent selection of appetizers and wine.
5	Came here with a $15 wine tasting & appetizer for 2 Groupon. Normally it's $10 a person, and appetizers ranges from $4-$13...so I gotta say, the Groupon is a fabulous deal!We arrived around 4 pm on a Saturday, and there were two larger groups. No one was at the tasting bar so we got it all to ourselves. I think the menu had around 15 different wines to choose from, and since each person got to choose their 5 samples...we basically got to try out 10 different wines. From what I remember... we tried the Peach Keen, Summer Rain, Razzle Dazzle, Moscato, Chilen Pinot, Blue Breeze, and couple of red wines. I apologize if I got some of the names wrong, too many to remember!Now, we're not usually wine drinkers, but we thought this would be a great experience anyway. And it sure was!! I liked the sparkling and fruity wines! Not only that, but we ordered the cheese platter, and there was a lot for two people! I came looking for a great experience and maybe leave knowing I found a wine that I like, and I sure did! I definitely recommend whoever reads this to go give this a try! (And much better to try it with the Groupon ;D)
2	Ok place but terrible wine in my humble opinion.My wife and I went to Su Vino with some friends who don't normally drink wine on a Groupon.  Our friends seemed satisfied but my wife and I felt that something was very off about this wine.We have been on tastings at wineries in France, New Zealand, etc and there is something very different about this wine compared to everything else and not in a good way.  The wine just tasted artificial to me.  I haven't been able to find any information on their grape source from their website but "heard it through the grape vine" that the juice may be from concentrate, megapurple, etc.It could be nice but the wine just wasn't good and I just couldn't get past it.
3	Su Vino is perfect for what it is. We came here for a date, a bit noisy for this occasion, even aside from the couple that thought this was a good place to bring children (its not). BUT if you're looking for a nice casual place to have a glass of wine this is it. Granted, there are places to get better wines, but the service was good. Would probably come again.
4	I came here with a Groupon for the wine tasting for two. The only reason that I gave this place four stars (instead of five) is because when my server took the Groupon she made a comment about how happy she will be when the Groupon deals are over. That made me a little uncomfortable. The service after this incident was very good though. The wine however was amazing and I am avid wine drinker. The quality of the wines themselves were great. I could not believe how big the appetizer was that came with the tasting for the price. It was an assortment of cheeses, fruit, crackers and nuts. I also thought it was very cool that they offer chocolate pairings with the wines as well. (Not included with the Groupon). Su Vino has a great variety of wines available to choose from whether you want to taste just whites, reds, or a combination of both. Overall, I would absolutely recommend this place whether you are going on a date or going out for the night with friends.
5	Great place, friendly staff! I love the flights and appetizers. I purchased a groupon at 15$ and I must say I have found my go to wine bar!
5	I thought this place was awesome. The inside is really nice, the wine is a great price and everything tasted so good. Also, the person that was helping us and doing our wine tasting was very nice, knowledgeable, and you could tell he liked his job. I will for sure be back.
2	The wine tasted gross, I've never tasted wine like it before with a very weird aftertaste. I wouldn't recommend any of the red wines in particular. Not only that, but the food wasn't that great-the apples tasted and smelled nasty on the fruit and cheese plate. My low rating has to do more with their food and wine. Other than that service was fine, they were understaffed but gave us free truffles to make up for it (cute bartender).
5	Went because of my groupon. Honestly we didn't save any money using the groupon HOWEVER! I would never have found this awesome place. The wine flight was soooo worth getting a babysitter for the evening. We had a great time and stayed until they closed. The food is so good. The apps are generous and almost better than wine. We were a party of 5 and all of us went and bought another groupon just to be sure we go there again!
