3	A new restaurant just opened in the downtown Tempe area, off Mill Ave, from the owners of Robbie Fox's.  Devil's Diner is a cute, very little diner, in the true diner fashion.  It's a single long counter with bar stool seating, no tables here.  This definitely gives you dedicated service since the waitress and cook are both right behind the counter ready to serve you.  The menu consists of 12 breakfast choices.  They're open daily from 7:00 a.m. until 2:00 p.m.  I got the breakfast burrito which consisted of scrambled eggs, pico de gallo, cheese, home fries and your choice of bacon or sausage, and comes with salsa and fresh cantaloupe.  The burrito was good, but was missing seasoning.  I had to add salt and I'm not a big salt fanatic.  I also thought the prices were a little steep for what you were getting.  My burrito was $8 which might have been okay if you had regular booth seating (more comfortable) and a better atmosphere you were paying for.  I will go back since I work in the area, but it wouldn't be some place I'd make a special trip for.
4	if you've ever been to Cornish Pasty in Tempe this place has that same shallow feel to it with diners pretty much sitting right next to the cooking ad the waitress having to turn sideways to get past the cook near the cooking area, which gives it a communal feel. It is not a big place, the counter has about 10 or 12 seats but it has a classic diner feel. The menu is limited but that also means one short order cook can service the whole restaurant. I also like that it has a mirror on the back wall which makes the place feel larger and they have these classic old bar stools and white diner coffee mugs that seem to the universal symbol of "hey buddy, you are eating in diner, deal with it!"I had a half order of the biscuits with sausage gravy and a side of eggs, scrambled. I found the biscuit to be wonderfully fluffy and not overly crumbly and the sausage gravy, I thought it rocked with nice large chunks of breakfast meat in the gravy. As for the eggs, they were good. I tend to like them soft scrambled, but you have to cook them slow and not really time to do that sort of cooking with one cook. Oh, and they provide a nice little side of fruit as well as a garnish. I had a few fresh raspberries, some thin slices of melon, as well as orange, which sort of livened up the plate and gave it some color.Things they might do better, instead of asking me if I want more coffee just fill the cup when it gets low. Maybe a personal preference but nice to always have the cup refilled, even without asking. In addition, the country potatoes are done in a fryer. I would recommend they do a batch cooked on the grill with say, some fresh rosemary and onions, like they do at Matt's big breakfast, it would add a more home cooked feel to that item and they could possibly rip out the fryers and do something else with that space. Once again, personal preference but something to consider.As Peggy mentioned in her prior review, probably not the cheapest place. I would say for breakfast, if you get coffee, you are looking at $12 to $15 with tip but the food is good and I expect it will be a popular local spot. I just don't think any other place on Mill has that classic diner feel so another success for Robbie Fox, who has transformed his section of just off of Mill into a pretty cool place. :-)
4	Really digging on this place after 3 visits.  Very simple setup, which adds to the appeal.  Friendly staff, and more than decent food.  Really nice to see what they did with the space, tucked in between Robbie Fox's and the Cigar shop... and love having a true breakfast diner on Mill again.
4	I was working in the area and decided to visit this place. I wasn't expecting much so I guess it helped. I ordered their home specialty, Corned beef hash. I have to admit that I love the crappy Hormel corned beef canned that you can get in the supermarket but I knew that this would be a different presentation so I ordered it and sat and wait.It happened to be pretty decent flavor, nice serving and all in all a good dish.I would rather have that dish in a plate than in a bowl (I had fried eggs and the bowl didn't help much).I also would appreciate the place with less smoke but I guess that's what you get in such a small place.The bread was toasted in a band toaster without butter, which I always appreciate. (butter in the bread is a pretty bad idea for me)The price was ok.One last thing, wait a little before eating your dish because the dish is hot. I mean, not hot like, "oh, it's hot" more like m@$%r f@#$r I just burned my mouth and I won't taste s!#$t for a week.
4	I'm a sucker for good corned beef hash, and hearing through the grapevine that this place was supposed to do it well, I knew I just had to visit. Driving down from Scottsdale on a recent Sunday morning, I arrived just after the breakfast crowd left and had the place practically to myself. Which was good, because it gave me time to talk freely with the chef-owner about all sorts of subjects including the recent demise of the Bears all while watching my breakfast being made right before my eyes. The hash was fantastic, simply because its made with big chunks of potatoes and REAL chunks of corned beef. I wouldn't be surprised if the corned beef comes from Robbie's next door. Other things on the menu looked good including the pancakes. I might try them sometime, of course with a side of Hash.....its Hashilicious!
5	Awesome breakfast joint. The food is great. Try the biscuits and gravy. The scrambled eggs were perfect and the coffee was excellent.Be warned, this place is small, so don't go in with a large party.
4	The morning we stopped in at Devil's Diner the daily special was Bacon-infused Pancakes with Apple Compote. Uhhh, YES PLEASE! And it was delicious. JD was our cook and he made great conversation while he made our breakfast. I had heard about the corned beef hash and had to try it for myself. It really was the best I have ever had. Big chunks of house corned brisket with cubed seasoned potatoes and two eggs any-way-you-like-'em on top. I will surely go back when I'm in town.
4	Just wanted to note that there is a new head devil at Devil's diner (JD), and the food quality has gone up quite a bit. Home fries are no longer done in the deep fryer but fresh made, seasoned, and seared on the grill, and they are excellent. I tend to judge a breakfast place on the quality of the home fries and I would come back for these again and again. I ordered the biscuits and gravy and JD actually takes the biscuit halves and also browns them, inner side down, on the grill, for extra flavor. He told me that the gravy, this time, was made without cream but he usually uses half cream and half milk so be careful on the calorie count but the taste, excellent. JD is redoing the menu and noted it will be smaller but the benefit is that what is being made,  is going to be top quality and based on what I had today, I have no doubt. He recommends the french toast, which he makes with Texas Toast - the place place opens at 7 am for us early risers and the lunch menu is available at 10 am and JD is offering a Reuben of his own design so worth a try if you are coming in for an early lunch.As for me, whatever I get, it is going to have to have a side of those lovely home fries!
5	Going to Devil's Diner is absolutely a highlight of my week. Service is always good and the staff are very friendly. I usually get the blueberry pancakes and haven't been disappointed yet. I also recommend the biscuits and gravy, which are stellar. If you're looking for somewhere friendly and cozy, where you can shoot the shit, read a book and just enjoy your morning, this is it.
1	Nastiest breakfast I've had in quite a while. The hash browns were sopping with oil, the toast was cold enough that the butter wouldn't melt on it and the bacon I requested as crispy was barely cooked to done, let alone crispy. The cook was also being incredibly rude to customers.  One customer came in and asked him for details on the special and he barely even acknowledged him, saying only "She'll tell you about it" -- gesturing to the side at the waitress.May have just been a bad day for the cook, but it's enough to turn me off.  I won't be coming back.  Ncounter isn't that far away and the quality and service there are far superior.
4	There are a few rare places where you can see that the cook and their staff really take pride in their work. Devil's Diner is definitely one of those places. A small, quaint, diner off of Mill, Devil's Diner is the definitely the place to be for breakfast. Food: I had a very simple 2 eggs, 2 strips of bacon, 2 sausage links, a biscuit and hash browns. The portion...was huge. But everything was so delicious, I really couldn't stop myself from eating it. My friend ordered french toast, which was also soft and delicious. Service: Luckily we came closer to noon (rough night) and didn't have to worry about a line or anything. From what we heard, it can get pretty crazy. So we just sat ourselves down, and talked to the cook. He was super cool, very friendly, and very knowledgeable about what he was cooking. If you're around Mill and are craving a delicious breakfast with friendly staff, then Devil's Dinner is for you.
5	Stopped in Robbie's Devils Diner after a morning ride on some nearby trails and, as always, enjoyed it. The food is always great and the staff friendly. If you're a fan of diner-style restaurants, you will definitely not want to miss this place. The waitress is always friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. Today I ordered the corned beef hash with scrambled eggs. It was cooked perfectly and brought promptly, leaving me a little extra time to sit and enjoy my coffee before riding back home. I tend to get something different every time I go, and you can't go wrong with their blueberry pancakes or any of the tasty omelettes. The daily specials are always unique and quite tasty. For the traditionalists out there, it's easy to get a plate of bacon (or sausage) and eggs with toast for a great price.By far the best breakfast on Mill.
5	I've been a regular at the Devil's Diner for several months now, and as much as I hate to inflate JD's ego, the rave reviews you see are all warranted. I'm a foodie - and a picky one at that. When I don't have to salt or pepper anything on the plate, it is the highest compliment I can give. If you are looking from a small town atmosphere with big city eats, this is your dream come true!All yummy food aside, I'm very critical about a lot of other stuff too. So let me break it down for you. This is not Denny's! You don't get a naugahyde booth to hide in - you can chat it up with your neighbor and meet some really fascinating people! If you really want to be left alone, there are 3 stools that face the window just for you. They're usually empty unless it's really busy, so have at 'em.This is not IHOP!Your hash orders aren't going to be pulled out of a pre-mixed freezer batch, shot off the grill in rapid fire succession and sat under a warming light for 5 minutes while your server smokes a cigarette. Good food takes time when it's busy in a small place, but it is HOT when you get it. Also, if you show up frequently enough, the sous chef (congratulations JD!) will remember that you like a side of fruit instead of hash browns even when you forget to ask for it. This is not Cracker Barrel!Your server will do her best to greet you warmly and, if she has time, chat with you for a few. But she has a job to do and she is the only one there to do it. So if she dispenses with the pleasantries for a moment to make sure everyone's coffee is hot, please forgive her. If you'd like to wait until 10:30 or 11:00 when the crowd dies down, you will not find a friendlier demeanor from someone who has been up since such an indecent hour. This is not Waffle House!It's the cleanest diner I have EVER eaten at (which is my biggest pet peeve!) I'd sooner eat off of their floor than from the tables of most diners I've suffered in the past. This is not the Ritz Carlton!It's not expensive. It's also not the cheapest, but if you want quality ingredients, you can't expect to pay five bucks a meal. My husband and I usually get out for about $12 each after tip... then we go home and slip into a food coma for an hour. The amount of food you get for what you pay for makes the price very reasonable. Devil's diner is my favorite breakfast joint in Tempe, hands down. It's the only reason I'm sad I moved to Phoenix because I have to make special trips there now instead of just showing up when I feel like going for a walk. Do yourself a favor and stop in for a bite.
4	This place is pretty legit. I'm living in the high rises around the corner and finally stopped in. I got a breakfast burrito that was nearly perfect (minus the avocado I wanted that was not available) It's a quaint little joint with a chef and a server which is nice but be ready for some oil for sure. also, 8 dollars for a breakfast burrito's WAY EXPENSIVE but hey, they are on mill and can pull it offTIP: NOW OPEN 12am -3am for burritos  #clutch
4	I had no idea this place was here!What a great little find. This place is very, very small. DO NOT come here w/ a large party.They serve very basic breakfast options, that are absolutely delicious. And their pancakes are huge. Their prices are decent too.Although theyre owned by Robbie Fox's (who I loathe), I would definitely come here over and over and over again.
5	Great inexpensive breakfast. Very tasty.
4	Super small place downtown. I could barely find it because it's so small and stuck in between a few other spots on a strip off of Mill Ave. It has one row of counter space and a few other tables. There was one cook on staff and one waitress. The waitress was super nice & very outgoing. Great little spot, but I wouldn't go with more than a couple people if you want to interact with them there. However, if you want a quick breakfast with great service then this is your spot.. The food was solid too. I didn't order anything crazy, so I got what I expected. It's exactly what you would expect from a small diner, but the staff really makes sure you'll get exactly what you want.
4	Since my last review, Devil's Diner has undergone a change in ownership and a change in cook.  Preparation of the food is much, much better.  Tasty and at a good price.  The atmosphere is far friendlier as well.  :)
5	Great little place. The waitress (nicole) and cook (shorty) were both VERY NICE!  I'll definitely be back!!!
4	I stopped in here on my way to class this morning and was very impressed. The place is very small (only seats 10-12) but I kind of liked that. I didn't get the servers name but she was very nice and personable. The menu was very simple but they had all the essentials for breakfast. Food was above average and the service was very fast. I was in and out in less than 30 minutes and if you order a coffee they will give you a fresh to go cup on your way out.The only downside was the prices which were slightly higher than your average breakfast but for a location on Mill I guess you should expect that. I will definitely be coming back here in the future.
4	The service is very personable. The shop is small and tight. The food is Damn good for breakfast as there isn't much to eat on or around Mill Ave. at 7 am. They serve a $5 big ass burrito. But my fave is the corned beef...  try it. This is my go to spot away from home for breakfast foods during the daily grind.
4	A spot with eggs on Mill yippee!!!! I ordered the $5 burrito, it came with eggs, red potatoes, avocado and cheese. It was mixed perfectly. (I hate getting burritos where they are not mixed well  and one bite is egg, the next bite is cheese...)... I got a side of salsa which was very good and a tad spicy. The place is great to grab something to go, but don't bring a group as there is only counter seating. Coffee was decent too!
5	The breakfast burrito is where it's at!!!! $5 is a HELL of a deal- it's huge, comes with potatoes, bacon avocado and probably some other awesomeness.  I work on MIll Ave and sometimes need a QUICK not greasy meal and don't want to pay $10-12 bucks at NCounter. I feel like I've tried every breakfast place on Mill, or place that serve a breakfast burrito and Devil's Diner knocks it out of the park. Great quick service as well, and the homemade salsa is bomb as well.Overall it's delicious and I'd recommend Devil's Diner to anyone.
5	Super cheap, densely packed breakfast burrito. It was excellent tasting and packed to the gills with good eats.We came in around brunch time and they were pretty empty (altho there was a good stream of traffic). There were only 10 stools so it was pretty small. Service was absolutely excellent and top notch. Burrito was awesome. I'd definitely be back.
4	Small diner with limited menu (breakfast items).  It had a mom and pop feel, but the server told us they were actually owned by the Public House and El Jefe owner (restaurants on either side of the diner).  It seemed like a popular place to get take out, and due to the very limited seating (a dozen bar stools at the counter), I can see why.  We ordered the Big Ass Breakfast Burrito with a side of home fries.  Honestly, the burrito delivered on size, we didn't need the side.  It was packed with eggs, bacon, potatoes, avocado and cheese, plus a little salsa on the side.  Great taste, quick service and a fair price.  I liked it.  If in the area I would do breakfast here again!
5	Inexpensive good food. I had a client meeting and forgot my wallet at home. The client never showed up but liz the manager gave me water a place to wait and great conversation. She even helped me avoid a parking ticket. Thank you.
2	If I rated this after the first time I went, it would have been 3 or 4 stars.  But that was several years ago and it was probably different ownership.  The most recent experience was highly underwhelming.When we ordered, the person told us they were out of egg whites.  Unless they are 100% out of eggs, that makes zero sense.  I'm guessing the cook mentioned that and our original order was placed.  Minus 1 star for not knowing where egg whites come from.The hash browns were just chopped up potatoes that were steamed on a cooktop.  Not a spec of seasoning.  Just bland.  Minux 1 star for not seasoning the foodThe price is also quite high for essentially a divey breakfast joint.  I can go to Ncounter and spend the same for much better food.  Just not worth giving another shot until maybe a new group takes it over.  It is breakfast, the cheapest ingredients out there.  $8 for a breakfast burrito that isn't good?  Minus 1 star.There are many tasty places on Mill, Just keep walking past this one and you'll be fine.
3	We went on Sunday morning of Memorial Day weekend, and were the only ones there.  The two people working greeted us and took our orders. The menu was very small, and the prices are ok.My wife had the corned beef hash, which she enjoyed.  I had what the menu proclaims to be the Bang'n Morning Sandwich, although I guess since making the menus they no longer use the same meats.  They did tell me of this ahead of time though, so I ordered it with what they had available.    I will say I didn't care much for the potatoes, but otherise have no complaints.The food was prepared fresh right in front of us (it's a REALLY tiny place).  The serving size for both was generous...neither of us were able to finish.  Not bad, but not anything to write home about either.
