1	Literally sitting with an employee (Jessica) telling us to move somewhere else. Saying how Aventura is "just standard" and looking up other apartments she was raving about on her own computer for us... Um that's got to say something about the apartments. Clearly the people that work there are even downgrading themselves! So shocked I was out of there practically running!
2	The only good thing about this apartment is how big they are, and my neighbors. The stag was friendly but they switched since I've moved here and i don't like the new staff. Work orders take longer now, and if your ever late our need time to pay your screwed.
2	Apartment is nice and cozy- do not care how my surroundings look because I am highly simple minded and can live in a cardboard box. However, this place is false advertising especially when it comes to surveillance. There is a sign in the parking lot stating people are being watched and will be punished. However, theft is major here because they allow a lot of meth heads and young adults that pile into a one bedroom. I like that it is gated and they upkeep the appearance but I do not recommend this place.
4	Been here for almost two years and had no issues with the management or matanance. Only issues I have with the complex is the dog droppings that the owners should be picking up after there dog drops one, and the people who think its necessary to have there car stereo blasting and speeding through the complex.
1	I actually gave this place about 3 star, then we moved and they sent us to collections with 1100. They said they gave us a bull but i never received anything. When I call to see why so much it turned out they replaced our whole carpet. Now we did have stains but it was not to the point where you had to replace it. If I had known this I would have just gotten the rug dr. The other amount was for damage closet and our water bill. Which I thought we had paid but apparently the water bill paid behind rather than ahead. I have lived in three different apartments and never dealt with this much crap.
