5	Snuck in there tonight and had some great food. It's nice finding a place that can make food spicy and tasty without compromising one or the other.  We at the whole menu, and I almost asked for a second round.  Everything was the right blend of gourmet and classic without being pretentious.  Loved it and can't wait to go back.
5	I've been following the process of their creation on Facebook. Stopped in tonight to see how things are going. Not everything is done yet but they were accommodating and provided some great items.I recommend the fresh lemonade for a drink, strawberries were the theme tonight. I love spicy food, and I was surprised that the balance was perfect. I suggest the nachos to split as well. Definitely going back, and bringing all my friends.
3	Tediberto's -- splitting niches with its identity crisis. Niche: vegan. Niche: Mexican. Niche: expensive (in a part of downtown not known for it). Niche: clubby, youthful atmosphere. Niche: opens late and only takes cash. As a vegan and Mexican food fan, I want this place to succeed. But my fear is that is so specialized, its net is too small to catch a viable customer base. The place looks like a bar, and it appears it wants to be more of a club than an eatery, though as of now it serves no alcohol. It earns the dubious distinction of being both the darkest and loudest restaurant I have ever eaten at (5 continents, 20 countries). What's wrong with that? Plenty: the waiter couldn't hear us, we couldn't have dinner conversation, we couldn't see our food (not good for eating nachos), and it was completely impractical for the average client. Fun? Maybe to the youthful crowd; otherwise it just detracts from the primary objective of eating. Atmosphere should enhance the experience, not obliterate it.The menu is very small. We had the nachos, which were delicious. Two small tacos came with a small salad (around $10). The tables are lit from underneath glass with colored lights, which look cool, but didn't allow me to see what I was eating. Water was free, and tasted like cucumbers, and I had a grapefruit soda  -- which required shouting, then pointing to the menu to communicate to the waiter over the pleasant but very loud electronic music, to order it. The food was good, warm, and so was the air, I am guessing 80+ degrees. Maybe that was the reason for opening so late (weak a/c?).No ask for dessert, no bill, the waiter told us the total -- well, he yelled it. One order of nachos, 2 orders of tacos, one soda: $33 + tip. It's new, so I'm betting on some improvements. Let's hope the cool factor can hop in the backseat and let the food drive.
4	The hubby and I were searching for a restaurant and found Tediberto's on HappyCow. We aren't giant Mexican food fans but thought maybe we would try it anyway.The place is hard to find. If you don't know what you are looking for, you won't find it (northeast corner of 1st st and Roosevelt. The farthest door from 1st). There's no sign and the only reason we were able to locate it was because we walked around the entire building and on the way back saw people sitting inside. Once inside, we were awkwardly stared at by people sitting in a booth until one of them asked us if we were there for dinner and told us to sit anywhere. They apparently serve brunch all day on Sundays as we were given the brunch menu. We ordered No Way Jose Nachos, a quesadilla, and tacos. The wait for our food was pretty significant but the decor or the place is fun to look at and the music wasn't so loud that we couldn't hold a conversation. The food came out one dish at a time and each one was delicious! So delicious in fact that I ordered cupcake a la mode for dessert (and they were very friendly when I asked them to check to make sure there was no coconut in the recipes).My one complaint is that the waiter seems inexperienced. He ordered us tostadas instead of the quesadilla and in general, sometimes took longer than a more experienced waiter would. However, he was extremely pleasant and responsive whenever we asked for anything or had any questions.
4	Local vegan mexican food that's gluten free...what more could a girl ask for?! ...With only a few vegan restaurants around, going out is limited, which is okay, but sometimes its nice to go out...I'm stoked I finally got to try the food here, well worth the wait. I think Tedibertos has the ability to succeed, especially since the location is great. I also completely understand and empathize with the opening of a new restaurant...of course there are going to be some bumps in the road. Nothing is ever perfect, have some compassion and patience people.  We ordered the tacos, quesadilla and nachos, which I personally think kicked some major ass.  We really need to help this place stay open, so definitely stop by when you can! My only recommendations would be try to find more lighting during dinner and start making your own organic wine!!! Good luck to ya'll and ill be back for sure!
4	The place is beautifully decorated and the food was AMAZING. I would totally go back for more of their delicious nachos. Loved the fresh salsa and the presentation was gorgeous. Will definitely leave room to try dessert next time. The server, Daniel? was wonderful! He did a great job.I would love to give them 5 stars but there are some kinks they have to work out - what new business doesn't? They would hands down have 5 or more stars if they had:* A sign - people need to know if they are in the right place.* Clear hours online and on the door and adhere to them. Every minute counts when it is insanely hot and people are on very limited lunch breaks.* Open/closed sign. * Cross-trained staff so even if the server is not there yet people can be served.* Decreased wait time between being seated and receiving water/menus.* A bell or something at the door so they hear customers coming.
4	Had dinner with the wife last Thursday and wanted to try the new vegan spot in town. Very exciting that we now have 3 vegan restaurants within 10 miles of our house in Phoenix. Tediberto's seems like its still getting its feet at this point. We enjoyed ourselves and will return. Hopefully they refine things a bit more.Food: 5 Stars. Very tasty stuff for sure. Perhaps a bit over dependent on Soyrizo which makes things super spicy. The table next to us was melting under the heat of their dish and that was just a regular order. So we asked things to be as mild as possible and it could have stood to be even a bit more mild. We had the nachos, the quesadilla and La Borrachita tacos and ate everything on our plates. We finished with the tiramisu. Like I said we ate everything off our plates but the spice was a bit overwhelming.Setting: 3 stars. Very cool spot with fun lights and art. However the nightclub lighting does not help make the food look good. With the table light coming from under your plates the food its pretty much dark the whole time. I highly suggest getting more regular lighting over the tables to show off the wonderful, but spicy, food.Service: 5 stars. We had the new server help us and he was a delight. It was his second day but his enthusiasm out shined and made the dining experience that much better.
5	To all of you who didn't give this place five stars, I imagine you'll never do anything of note with your lives. And I don't say that in a small way. I think that there is obviously the magic of love here and since you can't see it, it will always be the missing ingredient in everything you ever do. Sure, the hours are not posted or stuck to and there's no signage and there are other issues. The music can get loud. The lighting is dark. wah!I keep forgetting to get the owner's name but this is very clearly a person living her passion, using her bountiful skills, and trying to make the world better. That's worth celebrating even if the food was shitty. But it's so far from that... The food is spicy as fuck. But it's way tastier than it is spicy. And the ambiance is awesome. And that couch. Oh the couch. And the lighting. In the tables. I'm such a sucker for that shit. And the water is delicious. The only improvement would be booze. Support a local business owner who's giving everything and more to make this work.
1	Music was loud as shit.  The food, Jesus Christ the food.  Lame ass chips and salsa.  No joke, like 8 chips were on the plate.  Salsa was probably one of the worst I've had, no flavor at all and warm.   Salads come out warm (I'm assuming this is why I've been puking).  Gross right, warm lettuce.  Waiter let's us know they can make daughter a little quesadilla (cheese only) which comes out so greasy.  Our taco plates come out 10 minutes later.  2 dinky tacos on each plate that are flavorless and luke warm at best.  Yes, they are spicey, no that does not mean they are flavorful.  I'm literally using my cell phone to see what was on the plate it's so dark.  Mint water was warm.  Gross and not refreshing whatsoever.  My daughter's quesadilla was $13, yes for 2 tortillas smaller than my hand and some 'cheese'.  I get it- make a dollar, but damn, don't rip your customers off.  So over the top lame.  Neither my husband nor myself finished.   Meal was $46.  Horrible.  Health department should go temp that place- I'm not sure the refrigeration is working properly.  Such a disappointment, I've been a vegetarian for 18 years- was looking forward to a new spot.  Won't be returning.  Ever.
4	When I eat at vegan restaurants I often leave thinking I could have prepared the meal so much better but at Tedibertos I found myself pondering what in the world those flavor combinations were. Hands down some of the tastiest ever. Once they finish getting settled in and work out the kinks this place will be totally awesome.
5	Husband and I decided to check this place out for dinner last night. It was very easy to find, considering that they don't have a sign, just a chalkboard easel out front. When we walked in, we were immediately greeted by a friendly male server who sat us right away and got us some water. We were one of only 2 tables when we got there....a Friday night around 8:45. First of all, I loved the decor inside....everywhere I looked there was something awesome hanging from the ceiling. The brightly lit tables are very neat, too. As we looked over the short menu, the server made a few recommendations to us, and warned us about the spiciness of the food. He also told us that it is tapas style food so we could try a few things. We started with the No Whey Jose Nachos.....AWESOME! They were SO SO good! I ordered the pesadilla quesadilla, halfway between "gringo style" and the normal amount of spice, as some Yelpers complained about it being way too spicy. It was SO good! However, I wished that I had just ordered it with full on spice, as the other two dishes we ordered "normal" and although they made me sniffle a little, I didn't think they were overbearing or too spicy at all! My husband ordered the borrachita tacos which were wrapped in a crispy tortilla and were also incredible and nice and spicy! All in all, we loved this place and can't wait to try a few more dishes. Who knew that vegan Mexican food could be so flavorful? If you brought someone here without telling them it was vegan food, they probably wouldn't even notice....honestly! My one hang-up might be that it is VERY VERY dark inside. I couldn't even distinguish between a bite of refried beans and a bite of cheese sauce! The bathroom is also incredibly dimly lit....one very dim purple light, lol. Oh well, we came here for the food anyways, and we will definitely be back.....SOON!
5	Vegan, gluten-free, spicy decadence. It's like True Food Kitchen meets Los Dos Molinos. I'm not sure Phoenix deserves a restaurant of this quality!! This is someplace you'd find on Malibu beach...not next to Carly's.It's definitely geared toward the young, hip crowd, but my husband, 2 yr old and I got there right around 8, so the late crowd hadn't arrived yet.  Loved all the food and especially the dessert.  I had the no whey jose tacos...so yummy...and filling! the desert was a gluten free tiramisu cupcake with turtle ice cream and chocolate sauce...we almost all died and went to heaven!The service needs improvement for sure.  There's one guy behind the bar doing order taking and serving food and altho' we were one of two groups in there, he was hard to find at times during our meal!  (it's spicy, so hey, pour me some more water bro!)  when he saw i was taking pics, i could have sworn his service got better...lol.  The food was sooooooo good though, that I just can't take away a star for the service.  I hope it gets better tho'!
4	Weird hours but amazing food! Once again I'm blown away by how good vegan food can be! Try the no whey jose nachos first and foremost! Then move on to whatever strikes your fancy, you can't go wrong! I loved the quesadillas and the la borracha tacos personally, but plan on trying the enchiladas next! Make sure you hunt this place down, it's worth it!
5	I had the nachos and the chili relleno tacos and they were both AMAZING! All their food is spicy, which is wonderful to me, and they have delicious sauces in the dishes. Yummy! The night I went with a big group of friends, our waiter must have been having a terrible day because he walked out (and we were really nice, honest!) and I think even emptied their register. They did a great job of hustling to try and take care of us even though 2 other people had called out- and it was First Friday! This place is awesome and could really use our support (being a new business is hard enough; they've had some setbacks, but we NEED awesome vegan places like this!)...and some great new people to work there, if you're looking. ;)The only thing I wish would have been different would be for the music to be played a bit quieter. I like to have conversations over dinner; especially with a big group, and it is hard to hear someone who's not sitting right next to you.Pro tips: Take a small flashlight or be prepared to use your cell phone as a flashlight to read your menus, OR zoom in on the menu pics here and go in already knowing what you want to order. It's decorated like a club inside!Also, they have AMAZING vegan ice cream off the menu- I think it's way better than Green/Nami's recipe, honestly- ask for the Cherry Chocolate Chip!
2	Huh.  So this was the first time I have ever seen a server quit right there on the spot.  Not because anyone was being noticeably rude or demanding, but probably because for some reason he was the only waiter/busboy/host working on a FIRST FRIDAY.  I'd be stressed out too. But I'm glad that happened at the end of our meal, even though he apparently took our cash payment (no change given) with him. At least the food was tasty enough!  I very much enjoyed the No Whey Jose Nachos - the spice level was excellent and hot.  The tacos (as I read somewhere else) do taste quite similar to the Jack in The Box tacos but are about 8x the price. I probably would have enjoyed the food a little more if I could see it.   This restaurant needs to find its identity - it has way too many cheap club elements (neon lights, overly loud music, dry ice bowls), mixed with some Indian-esque art, vintage mirrors, and then serves up pricey vegan Mexican street food. Basically, for the price - I expect more.  I would like good atmosphere, good service, computer programs that can calculate tax, and the ability see/hear my dining partner.
1	Love the idea - vegan Mexican. Have tried to eat there twice. Both times checked their FB page for hours, both times they were closed. Called their phone number, no one answered. No sign, no explanation on FB. Pathetic.
5	My husband and I often joke about some of the ridiculously unreasonable reviewers on Yelp who complain about even the most minute of details. For example, I once read a review on here that said "I deducted one star because they put too much chicken on my chicken Caesar salad."With that, I think of how my review of Tediberto's could have been written very differently if I were one of those crazy Yelpers on an Internet power trip as I did drive nearly an hour to this place, only to find it closed at 5:30pm on a Thursday.Alas, I am not, so Tediberto's is getting a very favorable review based solely on the one employee we encountered upon trying to open the locked front door. We just moved from Chicago to Phoenix and had visited numerous times before, patiently waiting for the mythical Tediberto's to open. This time we noticed Yelp reviews, so we knew it was finally time to experience what we'd been waiting for - delicious vegan Mexican food. The reviews were mixed, with nearly all stating that the food was amazing, but that the reliability was lacking, what with no hours being posted and the restaurant only being open at random times. We knew we were taking a risk by driving out there, but it was absolutely a risk we were ready and willing to take.Upon excitedly finding the restaurant, we encountered the dreaded locked doors (reviewers are right, there is no real sign out front, but luckily I know how to look at a street address on a building and use deductive reasoning to solve a mystery that was clearly too perplexing for some Yelpers).Our journey could have ended there, but an employee inside saw us at the door and opened it to talk to us. He really didn't have to do this. I mean, how many times can you recall standing at a door after 5:00pm waiting for something that was supposed to open at 5:00pm, all while you watch the employees inside ignore your existence pending the hostess whose watch is 5 minutes slow coming up with the energy to finally open the door and acknowledge your presence on their time?This employee was sweet, sincere, informative, helpful, and absolutely genuine in his apology. There was no way to be upset upon talking to him about the situation and why the restaurant was closed. The people inside absolutely wanted to work; it was just out of their hands.The ultimate reason that I'm writing this review is because of what happened after. As we sat in our car trying to yelp other options for vegetarian restaurants in the area, that same employee came out of a side door and approached our car, still apologizing for what we were already good on, and offering to make us potato and chorizo tacos as he did have all ingredients present for that. For as wonderful as that sounded, we politely declined as that poor fellow had enough to worry about that night. For a minute or so after, we just sat there in awe at how what could have been a terrible first time at Tediberto's was spun into an amazing customer service experience thanks to that one friendly employee who answered the door.Sign or no sign, hours posted or not - we will be back!
5	Okay, I'm stopping in to update my review because I was finally able to experience the glory that is Tediberto's last night. Per the previous fellow's request, I subscribed to Tediberto's on Facebook and was able to know with 100% certainty that they would be open. If you're not already subscribed, do it now! Not only do they let you know the hours for the day, but they also tell you about the specials.When I got to the door, the very same employee who helped me out before greeted me and we were served by another fellow who was equally as charming and terrific at his job, completely allowing me to negate every person on here who ever wrote  a single bad thing about the service here. I don't know about before, but the service is top-notch, so if you had a bad experience in the past, go back and give them a second chance. They absolutely deserve it. Besides, I know you've been dreaming about those nachos ever since.So, what good would a review be without a review of the food?  I'm from Chicago where we have two vegan/vegetarian Mexican restaurants that are both spectacular, but Tediberto's somehow manages to put them both to shame. We ordered the tacos on special and the No Whey Jose Nachos and every bit of it was phenomenal. I even later learned that there was cilantro in the tacos and I somehow didn't even notice. This is a huge deal because the mere presence of cilantro is generally enough for me to start side-eyeing all of my dining companions to question who could have possibly poisoned my food or at least sprayed it with Lysol, but I was completely oblivious to its presence due to the amazing flavors that were abundant within the best tacos I've had in years.If they were open 24 hours a day, I would insist that you go right now, but, just to be safe, go like them on Facebook and double-check the hours and make sure you go as soon as they're open again.
5	Very cool atmosphere and the Nachos were outstanding, nice and spicy hot.
5	Delicious!! I was so excited to find a new vegan restaurant in Phoenix and was even more excited when it turned out to be DELICIOUS!  I had the No Whey Jose Nachos, the No Mantequilla Quesadilla and the cherry and chocolate chip ice cream.  All of it was soooo great.... I highly recommend Tedibertos to anyone looking to try something new and to all vegans and vegetarians who have been missing authentic mexican food!   I will be back asap!
5	Tediberto's rocks my word every time with spicy flavorful tacos and playful dishes that I just could not create at home on my own. Tedibertos is the type of restaurant that makes dinning out a treat and unique experience. The kale salad is my favorite but not available every night, which is really a good thing cause id never try new dishes if it were.  I love that the menu offers new dishes often and the specials on Taco Tuesdays has me coming back once a week.  Keep an eye out for posted specials on Facebook, and check this place out, at least once for the ambiance and unique Mexican inspired food.  I bet you will love it and want some more of it.
3	The food is delicious, the service is atrocious.I really hate to leave a negative review for a vegan friendly place, but the service is just so terrible It has to be this way. I have tried to come to Tediberto's 7 times. Of the 7 times, they were closed 4 during business hours that they had posted on FaceBook. How can you expect people to come to an establishment when they are never open when they are supposed to be.The food is incredible. Really. The tacos and the nachos are out of this world. Just don't expect to get your food in any reasonable amount of time. I waited 45 minutes one day for a 2-item takeout order. The first time I came the tables were still dirty from the night before, the owner recognized it, and yet we still had to ask her to wipe down the table. Definitely some major improvements needed.
2	Vegan Mexican with a urban funk to it. Should it work?  I dont know. Did it work?  Not really.We walked in, it was empty quiet and after 20 seconds a surprised guy walked in and greets us. We take out seat on the purple booths and browse the menu while we sip watermelon water. Things got a bit stranger from there.The menu had many interesting options, but each one we tried to order we found out that the didn't have chips, mushrooms or chorizo, key ingredients in many of the things on the menu. We had to just ask what can we order.We ordered and waited, as the sun set it became quite dark as no one had turned on the lights. Another customer walked in but the waiter was busy working as a cook. It became even darker as we waited. The other customer finally was given a menu and the lights were turned on, however it was still pretty dark. Our tacos came, they were a bit small we each had 2.5 tacos I assume the 1/2 a taco to make up for the lack of chips on the side.The tacos them selves were good, nice flavors crunch etc. for $8-$9 they should be good.  However the other problem sunk in as we were leaving, we were still hungry and after $21 and 45 min we were less than happy.The next day they had posted a photo to Facebook, not about their food, or a special but look how how our waiter/cook is.   So I guess if you want to look at toned male waiter this is your spot. Otherwise there are many kinks that need to be worked out.
4	Pretty bummed, this place was awesome, I didn't have an issue with service when I went.  Food was out of this world delicious.  Not many gluten free and vegan places around, a loss.
