1	WOW!  I will never step foot in this animal hospital again!  First of all they push their per insurance aka "care program", ummm NO!  and if you don't get on their care program bandwagon you will pay out the butt for services!  They want to charge me $250 to clean my dogs teeth and they want to put her to sleep to do such!  Are you kidding me?  I've never had a vet want to put her to sleep to clean her teeth!  They took my dog in the back and supposedly examined her and gave her shots.  Really?  did they?  I have never been to a vet that does not check your dog in front of you and give shots in front of you. I have no idea what they did to her, if anything and nearly $200 later I walked out of the place.  The doctor had a poor bedside manner, slightly rude, rather matter of fact, not at all personable or friendly at all.  A rock has more personality than the doctor had!  Needless to say I will not be returning to this facility. DO  NOT  GO  TO  THIS  FACILITY !  They are a SCAM!  They rape you of your hard earned money and you have no clue if they have even examined your pet or given the shots since none of those services are done in front of the owner!
5	Dr. Coleing is amazing with my dog.  He is very thorough and always pleasant to speak to.  I ask for him by name.  We did see the other vet in this office once with no problem; however, Ella seems to prefer the male doctor.The staff at this Banfield is wonderful too.  I am always reminded when Ella is due for her comprehensive exams because I have Banfield's Wellness plan.  I have attempted to cancel it several times to save some cash, but I always change my mind.  I transferred my account three times when I've moved (once cross country and twice within the Las Vegas area), so this is our third Banfield location, and by far my favorite.Kathy, who works the front desk, is always efficient and smiling.  I've never had to wait longer than a couple minutes whenever she is working.Thank you Dr. Coleing and staff for being such a joy.  Going to the vet is never fun, but you always make it a pleasant experience for my baby and me.
2	Not sure if they're too busy or understaffed, but I'm always waiting for lengthy periods of time when I come here.  I always drop my dog off at 7am to give them plenty of time & ensure he's ready. Low & behold, I drop him off today for a comprehensive exam and 8 hours later still not ready.  Whenever I go to the reception desk, the lady is always so busy (& typically rude) with incoming phone calls, that people standing in front of her come 2nd place.  Nice facility & nice vets, but they don't manage the business well nor account for busier shifts.  I'm done with this place.
2	Great Vet. Horrible staff. I called this office last week to make an appointment for my now 11 week old puppy who needed some vaccinations. I come to the appointment 10 mins early to check in with the receptionist who asks for my information, and says "I can't seem to find you in the system. Are you sure you made an appointment at this location?" To answer her question, I showed her my phone for the confirmation voicemail from one of her colleagues. When I made the appointment, I specifically asked for Dr. Coleing, who wasn't even in. Go figure. They weren't too busy, so she was able to take us in right away. That I was thankful for. Moving along to the actual checkup. The vet assistant was friendly, but she kept trying to sell us vaccinations my puppy didn't need that visit. Then she says "So your puppy needs his 3rd round of shots, but he's only 8 weeks old? Oh, wait, never mind his birthday is entered incorrectly in our system." In that moment, I told myself never to bring him again to this clinic. The vet was great. She answered all of the questions asked and gave suggestions to training and food and information about Teddy's current state. Checking out, I asked for a printout of Teddy's shot record. The vet assistant, puzzled, asked why. I simply told her we are taking him to another clinic. If the staff was different, then we'd definitely come back. Such a shame two great doctors have mediocre employees.
