4	The Camera Obscura bit is a show that is at the top of the tower that the attraction is located in. Its basically a very simple device that uses lights and mirrors to project an image on to a paper/wall/flat surface. In this case the image was a view over Edinburgh. The other floors in the buildings is dedicated to Optical illusions including funny mirrors, optical illusion pictures, holograms, those 3-D pics that used to frustrate and were all the rage about 12 years ago, etc. You can also do all sort of things like merge your photo with your friend and see what a person would look like with your forehead and nose and your friend's eyes and mouth. Because the nature of it is interactive it engages your senses and imagination. Good fun for all not just the kids and therefore I can safely say that it was my favourite attraction! Oh - good vantage points for spying on people too!
4	Located just next to the castle, all 5 floors of this building are dedicated to optical illusions and its great fun for people of all ages.I would suggest starting from the very top, with the Camera Obscura itself, where you will be shown how the Victorians would spy on people down bellow with the cunning use of lenses- sort of an old style Big Brother. You can also "lift" people with cardboard, and navigate throughout the city. Apart from the spectacular views from the top, the rest of the building is full of entertaining activities to impress and challenge the eye and mind. It gets quite crowded on the weekends and make sure you check out the gift shop at the end. Lots of fun for all ages.
3	Every tourist city in the world has a Camera Obscura, so I'm not sure how it can be classed as local flavour. In effect, it's just another costly gimmick that ensures those with plenty of money have a bit less once they've visited.As fun as some of the exhibits are, it's the kind of attraction that should really be free and there's nothing at all uniquely "Edinburgh" about it. It's not bad, but perhaps save your money and go to the castle or Mary King's Close instead.
3	Camera Obscura just about sums up all that is touristy about Edinburgh.First of all, the location. A full five floors looking out over princes street and surrounding area located on the royal mile just down from the castle - its as good a spot as a tourist spot can get.Then theres the contents of the place itself - its a selection of odd and pretty mindblowing optical illusions and various distorting mirrors. More amazingly, theres the views from the tops - I know I have mentioned it before, but frankly, this is what you came here for. A fellow reviewer suggested starting at the top with the views and work down - i disagree, work your way to the top, to the climactic finish. You may be dissapointed otherwise.Camera Obscura is pretty expensive, and very touristy - but it is one of the tourist places I would happily go myself.
4	I thought this was a fun way to wrap up our trip to Edinburgh. I have been to other museums like this as a kid, but it's been a while. We got super lucky with the entry fee, for TWO people it cost us 10 pounds! How'd we do that you say? Well, we are lucky enough to be students, plus two additional 2 pounds off coupons that were printed on the back of Lothian bus tickets! The obscura show was interesting, the sights at the top were gorgeous and the spinning walk through cylinder on the 1st floor was mind boggling. Most of the illusions are things you may have seen before, but some maybe not so. I love that this was built and used in the 1800s, very whimsical indeed!
3	Is there such a thing as a good tourist trap?  Seriously folks, this place is it!  I mean you feel like the stereotypical tourist rube when you pay your money and go in.  But it's so well done you can't help but have fun.And the place has been a tourist trap for over 150 years.  You can go up to the Victorian rooftop chamber.  There you'll see live moving images of Edinburgh projected onto a viewing table through a giant periscope. It's cool because you can pick people up with your hands and move them all around.  I found their technical information on their website http://www.camera-obscura.co.uk/camera_obscura/pdf/Camera_Technical_Information.pdfCamera Obscura is on several levels.  You can see the Magic Gallery in which you can perform hands-on illusions and the Light Fantastic which is one of the largest hologram exhibits in Europe.  My overall favorite has to be Edinburgh Vision.  Here you can see new and old Edinburgh using 3D photos, stereoscopes, and anaglyphs.  The best though were the live viewcams.  Here you can watch the people of Edinburgh go by.  You can get an extreme close up of the architectural details of the city and also a great view of the hills and countryside surrounding Edinburgh. Camera Obscura is the sightseeing equivalent of eating a bowl of popcorn while watching your favorite bad movie.  It's extremely entertaining, but oh such a guilty pleasure!
3	You go in a dark room and they show you a camera that's several hundred years old that projects onto a screen. It's ok. Unfortunately, my view of the screen was obstructed by the backs of heads of young kids.Underneath this is a whole museum of optical illusions. I kind of enjoyed that, but there's nothing Edinburgh-specific about it.
4	I went here last week for a wee family day out. Were all pretty disorganised so it was great that it was open until 9pm as we never started thinking about what to do until 3pm, and most places for family fun close at 5pm ish. Its a tenner to get in for your average guy but students, kids and o.a.p's get a discount. There aren't any family tickets which is a bit annoying as there were 6 of us so ended up being a bit pricey. Although the girl at the desk said that they were trying to get a family ticket price arranged. There are 5 floors of fun and weird stuff to look at and take part in including the wee 10 min show of the actual camera obscura on the roof. To be honest, i wasn't much impressed by the camera obscura show because i couldn't really see what was happening, but it was a rainy day and apparently that can effect the view a bit. It is impressive that its been there for so long though, around 150 years, so it would of been cutting edge technology at the time! And you can step out on to the roof and use all the other different telescopes etc. for a clearer view. My favourite bit was walking through the 'vortex tunnel', it really did make you feel like the floor was moving and that your stomach contents would be removed! Didn't stop me having a second go though! On the same floor is the 'room of mirrors' which was fun too, went through loads of times but still couldn't walk through without smacking my face off a mirror at least once!Other fun stuff included holograms, mirrors that make you look weird, optical illusion pics, pics of old Edinburgh, heat sensors, a machine that makes you Shadow stay where it is, weird lights and sound machines plus loads of other stuff. If you've been here before but not for a while its worth another look as there are alot of new things to look at. The gift shop is actually OK too, although obviously overpriced, and a bit random at points, found a badge of Elvis Presley!! eh!!
4	Fun afternoon out. Really interesting. Well worth it. Great views of the city
5	I kept seeing this place as we walked by it in Edinburgh, and I managed to convince the other half we should go. I'm glad we did! (And he is too!)It seems a bit cheesy at first, and we had a show with the camera obscura about twenty minutes after we bought our tickets. We started checking out the stuff on the second floor (as you have to climb up to the fifth floor for the show!) beforehand. It's full of those really cool optical illusion-y things I loved as a kid (and still do I'm afraid). Stereograms and 3D images abound!The actual camera obscura show isn't the highlight of the place, that's for sure. It's kind of cool though to see how they make an image on a rounded table using only three lenses and a mirror. They also show you a bit of Edinburgh and tell you bits of history (whether they're true or not is another story). The rooftop also gives good views of the city.The hands on activities were quite fun. We enjoyed taking pictures in the room that makes people look giant sized or tiny compared to each other! Also I have a photo of the other half with his head on a plate. We had such a good time, we bought a few things from the gift shop on the way out. Something for home, and something as a gift for a friend back in Alaska for Christmas. I definitely enjoyed it, and it was well worth the price of admission.
4	I share most of the comments of previous reviewers and would give 5 star if they just reduce the price by 20-25%. There is lot to see, experience or get amused (esp. children!). The view from the roof was great (for daddies with big cameras) and I really enjoyed the paintings with double images (if you look from 5 metres away you see a painting, if you look close (50cm) you see a different image - very clever artists!)Well, I recommend this place as part of your site-visiting in Edinburgh.
4	Thought it was cheesy to come here before but it ended up being pretty cool.  Another of the tourist must stops in Edinburgh if you are a tourist, stuff that ranged from the cheesy to "they were doing stuff like this back than?".  This place has free wifi so if you are backpacking through Europe you can still check-in on yelp or facebook with your friends.This place is a place to act like a kid again with a group of people to get the best effect, otherwise the pictures you get won't be as cool.  This place is a bit pricey and could do better with some newer stuff but remember to act like you were a kid again and do so on sugary drinks to maximize the effect of running around making faces.
5	Fantastic fun for kids and adults. Take as many pictures as you like. The Rooftop view is amazing alot of stairs to the top though. Staff are all very welcoming and happy to help. Toilets are very clean and well maintained.
4	When your child gets tired of looking at Castle's and palaces, Camera Obscura can be a great break. It's filled with optical illusions and other fun and interesting exhibits and hands-on activities that are somewhat educational but certainly engaging and fun. The story of the Camera Obscura, as well as the 15 - 20 minute show inside it are well worth it, but it is a dark room so if you are claustrophobic or afraid of being in the dark, you might want to skip that part. Overall, a great stop for families with kids in the lower to upper elementary ages.
4	Love it! Lots of different ways to enjoy your selfs with camera's, mirrors, light and darkness, 3d technologies, windows, optical illusions all over the building. The Camara Obscura is on the top of the building and there are museum guards who can show you what the camera can do and what you (can) see!!Historical:  this camera obscura is the oldest attraction in Edinburg: opened in 1835.
4	This is worth it if only for the Camera Obscura presentation. Don't miss that! The presenter talks about the history of Edinburgh while actually showing you the places he's mentioning through the camera obscura. I won't spoil it, but he does some fun stuff during the presentation too. The rest of the interactive exhibits were also awesome if you have a childish spirit. They're particularly great for photo opportunities.
