4	I will always love amphitheater-style venues. I don't know what it is about them, but the crowds just seem to be better and it's always good when the weather is favorable. Coming from LA, there is definitely one huge perk that makes it 4-stars...FREEEEEE PARKING!!! Man, I'm just so used to paying $20 for parking at Staples Center and other venues, this actually blew my mind. If you have VIP tickets, make sure you park on the east side of the stadium (off 75th ave). The only thing that sucks about this place is the price of the alcohol. I realize that its always a ripoff to buy booze at these places, but I thought Arizona would be a little better. It costs $9.50 for a 24-oz draft beer! That's just crazy. They also had these pre-made margarita drinks that were $14 each, plus an extra $5 if you wanted to get an extra shot in the drink. Word of advice, when you finish about half of your drink, release the extra shot from the tube or else you will have one shot to take at the very end. It's Sauza tequila and I don't care how drunk you are, that stuff tastes nasty by itself.
4	I doubt I'll end up here very often because i haven't seen many artists lined up that I'm interested in.  The one show I've seen here was Jimmy Buffet back in May.  i used to go to these shows at Great Woods (now the Tweeter Center) when I lived in the Boston area and had a blast.  The two venues are very similar in the outdoor amphitheater style, free parking, and lawn seating.If you go here, I think you have to go with the GA lawn seats.  I just always have more fun that way.  Yes, the drinks are expensive inside, but that's why you get to the parking lot hours early for grilling/tailgating.
4	Saw Kings of Leon and Built to Spill here last night, and it was my first time coming to this venue, which happened to be 5 min away from my house and I didn't even know it. I'm from the bay area, so this outdoor amphitheater was almost identical to Shoreline Amphitheater back home in Mountain View. There are about three levels of seating with a lawn in the very back end (General Admission) and standing room in the front near the stage. I didn't take into consideration the temperature difference back home and here, so standing in 100 degree weather for a concert isn't quite the same as the bay area when it's in the 70's. However the bands were amazing and the sound was great. Drinks and food are a bit pricey (beers run for about $10 a pint and specialty cocktails were about $15 but did come with a souvenir guitar cup which was cool). We got radio promo tickets for only $10 so it was well worth it, also because we moved from our $10 seats down to a lower level before the show started so we got an even better view =)Oh, parking was free, which I didn't know so that was a very pleasant surprise! I don't know any large venue that offers free parking to concert goers. You can upgrade to VIP parking for $20 but it's a madhouse getting out, so I'm not sure you'd get herded out any faster. I would definitely opt for an indoor venue with AC in this area, but for $10 and three awesome bands, free parking and all that, it was worth it to come here!
4	Saw Toby Keith and Trace Adkins here the other night and when I figured out it was an outdoor Pavilion I was a bit worried it was going to be just a hot, hot mess. Thankfully by the time the concert started the temperature had cooled down enough to be comfortable. Like others, I was pleasantly surprised that the parking was free as I had fully expected to shell out some cash for parking. Speaking of parking, I was expecting it to be a giant cluster getting out of there after the concert, but I would say within 10 minutes of getting in the car we were out of the parking lot and traffic so I have to give major kudos for that. We were way down front for the concert and it was great, though my ears are still ringing a bit two days later. The VIP area before the concert was not exactly what I was expecting. They had some free food from Texas Roadhouse but the drinks were just as expensive as outside the VIP area so that was a bit of a disappointment. Speaking of drinks, I expect the prices to be high but they were a bit higher than I was expecting. $11 for a 24oz can of bud lite that I could buy at the gas station for less than a $1.50, $10+ for a draft beer and who knows what for a mixed drink. But, I didn't come here for cheap drinks, I came here for a concert and the concert rocked.
4	I saw Zombie, Korn and company at Mayhem Tour there.  For large tour events, having two stages side-by-side is quiet comfortable.  For the main stage, the lawn is a bit far away.  If you want to truly experience the music, spend the dow for a better ticket or jump the fence when the main band comes out.
3	Thank the heavens that someone though to put fans in this place! It was 106 when we arrived for a 7pm concert and I was afraid I just might melt. Without them it could have been on serious hot mess. The sound was good, seats weren't scrunched together, and everyone was very helpful in finding our seats. Drinks were expensive, which doesn't seem to slow some people down at all. As Josh mentioned, the VIP area left something to be desired. But I had no idea parking was going to be free. My guess is that it fills up quick, so I would be sure to get there early. My only real complaint, if you want to call it that, is that it's in a strange part of town. Like Thao stated, you could like blocks away and never know it's there. So don't expect lots of bars and restaurants around.
4	Green Day was awesome.  I was really worried reading all the bad reviews.  Well everything was great,  VIP parking right in and right out (in 3 min).  The people complaining about drink prices have obviously not be out for a while.  Go to any baseball game, football game, concert and your not going to find 3 dollar beers.  Have a few before and a few after (at least you will remember where you were).  It was a cool 100 degrees out and the fans were nice and there was a little zephyr.  Seats in section 204 8 rows back were good.  My wife loved as did my son and his girlfriend (her first concert).  Billy Joe Armstrong and Green Day are worth the money.  Congrats to the kid who sang and played guitar.  BJ gave him his guitar, sweet
4	You wanted the best...You got it, the oldest band in the world...KISS! KISS was tired! I saw them back at Jobing.com Arena early in the year and they were awesome! We had a good time though. Tickets we bought on the drive in, 5 General Admission Lawn Seats for $80 was all we paid. We got to park in Premier Parking for FREE, as we got there right at 8:30pm when KISS was just taking the stage. We flew right in past security and found a place on the Lawn to the left of the stage! Water & Beers were expensive, but that is what one expects at a concert. The Lawn area is nice for hanging out with friends and chatting away.
3	Mehhhhh, any shows that take place in this pavilion are in the summer time. That means hot! That combined with the fact that beers are $13 a pop and a crappy microwave pizza that couldn't feed a baby is $6, I'd rather spend $20 on a blu-ray of a concert and watch it at home on my TV.
3	A pretty cool outdoor venue located in the middle of nowhere.  The parking is free and the security is lax so make sure that you bring in some of your own drinks.
4	Seen tons of concerts here.  Good outdoor venue.  Pay for the VIP bar access.  The booze at these joints could always be better but if you're going to get ripped off price wise you might as well get misters, comfortable chairs, clean bathrooms, and a place to hang out before the show starts.
4	Loved watching shows in this amphitheater because of the lawn seats. I really don't need to be up close and personal with the artist as I'm all about hearing live music instead. Ok fine, I'm a bit of a cheapskate. Nonetheless, my experience sitting in the lawn while feeling a mild breeze under the sky listenig to my rock bands Journey and Dave Matthews was quite the experience. Oh if only Oasis would come to this part of the world. One thing though, even if they have a special area roped off for family with children, I'll think twice in bringing kids here.  Security in this place must not be as tight as one wants because the smell of a different kind of smoke is unavoidable if u know what I mean.I would definitely watch a show here again in the lawn...soon, I hope.
4	I have some good stories that happened in the drink line here. Stories. Plural. Someday, I'll update my review and tell them. Until then, the drinks are SOOOOOOOOOOOO expensive.
5	basically-Its  great for a summer concert great for lawn seats must bring blanket if you are smart and buy lawn seats get there early for LEGIT SEATS ON TE LAWN!
4	I have been here several times now, and last Friday was the last time I was here for KISS and Motley Crue.  Overall this is a nice facility.  My one real complaint is that there is not enough restrooms for the amount of people who are here.  Fortunately enough I have never had to sit in the lawn section, thank god lol.  Damn good size stage and a pretty solid audio system.  The real drag of this place is going to concerts in the summer time.  It sucks!!!  So be cautious of that!!
3	Second time at this venue... seeing the same band... IRON MAIDEN!Free Parking :) Easy in and out of the parking area. Good view from any seat (I was in the pit, right up front, both times).Drawback... with the intense heat in August in AZ... the drinks were WAY WAY WAY too expensive. Water, at the very least, should be if not free, a lot cheaper.
3	I recently went for a sold-out concert and my chief complaint seems to be the same as everyone else's - not nearly, no how, no way on this earth, are there enough restrooms here. I missed several songs because I went during intermission between two bands and there still wasn't enough time to get in & out of the restroom. The lines were ridiculous. They're also far away from the concert itself. My suggestion would be to stack port-a-johns up at the back of the grassy area. They make a lot of money off of selling alcoholic beverages and one well-known side effect is the classic "breaking of the seal". Unless you want people to stop drinking and stop spending their money - get more bathrooms!! They don't charge for parking which is great. Cell phone service doesn't exist once the shows have started. If you're attempting to call or text to meet up with friends - it's not happening. Make your plans and designate a rendezvouz location prior to the show starting. Get there early or you'll have to park far away & traffic will take forever to get you in.
4	I was nervous about coming here during the summer but it turned out to be really lovely.  We arrived around 8:30 for a Mumford and Sons show, by the time we parked, bought a t-shirt, grabbed some craft beers and sat down, it was 9:00 - not bad.  We sat chatting for a bit and I realized that the weather was quite beautiful and I looked up and saw a few stars and thought it was pretty cool to be catching one of my favorite bands outside on such a great night, I felt positively blissful.  For an outside venue it was pretty nice.  I was excited that when I walked in I saw a huge sign for craft beer.  It was a $1 less than the jumbo beers in a can that everyone was walking around with.  The seats weren't as uncomfortable as the stadium seating at the D-Backs game.  Although I was sitting next to an obese man who's thighs took up a quarter of my chair... I felt he owed me a beer at the very least.  One thing though:  I notice this place is now called Ashley Furniture Homestore Pavilion.  That's some bullshit.  Can we all agree that whatever owners change hands of our stadiums/pavilions, we'll still call it by ONE name.
1	a) why must you change your name every damn year?b) why must you be so far away?that's all.
3	This place really needs to have more air flow for the summer. It is crazy that it is so open and there is no air flow. It was easy to see the bands from the seating area but everything was really jammed in there.
3	Ak-Chin! Bless you!It's not a sneeze or a throat clear, the new name for this venue is Ak-Chin Pavilion. Far away from me, but one of the best outdoor amphitheater venues in AZ. If you can't afford top tier tickets, the lawn seats are the way to go. They're much cheaper and give you access to a gigantic seating area with views of the entire stage. The two ginormous screens to the left and right help you catch all the action, so don't feel like the stage is too far away to enjoy the concert. Sometimes the performers will come all the way out to the lawn, so get a spot towards the front for an opportunity to see them up close.Thinking about buying Premier parking? You might not need to. The lot attendants didn't even check my $20 parking pass. And, if the show's not sold out, you've got a pretty nice chance at finding decent parking without forking over the cost of two drinks. Venue amenities are pricey, but the atmosphere and setup is pretty solid. All around, I've had an excellent time at every show I've been to!http://www.livenation.com/venues/14282/ak-chin-pavilion
1	What a shame. It has been 3 years since Mumford and Sons have been to Phoenix and they played at this mess of a venue. We had lawn seats and it was a cluster. We could barely hear the band out on the lawn. How they played for 90 minutes without someone who worked at the venue making any adjustments is beyond belief. It also took an hour to get out of the parking lot. Totally disorganized, never again!
