5	I was extremely impressed with Bask.  I went to one of the soft openings with a few friends and everything was amazing.  The rugged, mixed textiles and clean whites make for a modern, classy setting.  The restaurant and bar are just the right size to accommodate parties or dates and feel personal.      We shared some appetizers, which included the Scotch Eggs (must have), the Mixed Nuts, and the Jalapeno Poppers. The Scotch Eggs were hard-boiled then crusted in sausage and fried! And the poppers were a nice twist, Jalapenos stuffed with pimento cheese, red peppers and then fried.  I think we all had different entrees, which were all great.   The Grilled Hanger Steak was cooked perfectly. The menu is set up in sections of appetizers, soups and salads, medium entrees, large entrees, and desserts.  It was really nice if you know you can't eat a ton.   The best part was the dessert. We shared different ice-creams along with bread pudding.  The ladies had Guinness and chocolate ice cream! and the guys had Jack and coke ice cream, both of which were amazing.  They also had a very impressive cocktail list.      All together I thoroughly enjoyed the meal and the atmosphere.  I can't wait to go back.  I think its a great place to try for somewhere new and fun that you'll end up making a regular date night spot.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with this place... Charlotte needs more cool places like this. We really enjoyed the Smoked Salmon Crustini and the Sweet Burger. All this,...plus the atmosphere was super cool w/ Band Of Horses playing on their house stereo!  The egg nog ice cream was dangerously good!!!
4	Bask on Seaboard is a welcome addition to the Charlotte restaurant scene. When my husband first heard about it from the Music Factory developer, he asked what sort of food it was, expecting Basque cuisine. Instead Noah said "Gourmet". Thanks, that's descriptive. But after eating there I don't know that I could have done much better- it is gourmet, nouveau cuisine with some comfort foods in there, but not so 15 Northish comfortable. Hmm. Get on with it Jules.Indeed the upfit of the space is gorgeous- loved the hammered copper accents, wide opening to the pristine kitchen  and beautiful wood floors (which unfortunately still smelled of fresh lacquer which I hope wears off soon)! It reminded me a lot of Michael's Genuine (Miami,Grand Cayman) in both decor and in ingenuity of menu items.  Great start.We ordered the french onion soup (4.5/5) - this was a more savory version of the soup than Crepe Cellar's sweeter version but it's heavy on the cheese.  We also had the blue crab cake (singular, unlike what the menu said) and it was delicious, though a bit cold in the middle. I loved that it wasn't stuffed with breadcrumbs, just pure delicious crab. 4.5/5We also had the vegetarian lasagna upon recommendation of one of the lovely owners from England. It was indeed delightful and unusual and made with local vegetables. It uses zucchini instead of pasta, so it is much lighter and sweeter than you might expect. Perfect for a summer dinner in fact.  Fantastic dish, could have been a bit hotter, but definitely would order it again though not if we've reached the "red zone" of hunger. 4/5To finish, we had the Guinness Chocolate ice cream which was another "must have" because the chef loves to concoct alcoholic ice creams. Just coming off my no sugar, no starches, no dairy 3 week cleanse, I said "don't mind if I do!"  It was absolutely divine and I detected a little coffee in there. It came with 2 chocolate dipped pretzels leaving us wanting more. We never just order ice cream as a dessert but we were not disappointed. 5/5! The bill for those things came to $45. The service was great, attentive and friendly and we thought so much of the place that we bought a gift certificate for my brother and sister in law. Great location near uptown, great food and great interior!I really wish I could give it 4.5 stars, and I feel bad only giving it 4 but I only give 5 stars if it's perfect. The heat issues and smell prevented the 5 star.  I look forward to going back, trying more things and having a glass of wine! Maybe NYE?
4	3.5 stars...bumping to 4 stars for service.I've been wanting to try Bask for a while now & I had the perfect opportunity to do so last week. Hubs & I rolled into Bask at 6:30 on a Friday night...we wanted to grab a tasty dinner before heading to a show at Ovens. Inside Bask is pretty cool - high ceilings with exposed duct work, slick floors & tables and an overall smooth vibe. At 6:30 pm, the place was pretty dead on a Friday, but no worries. Staff were all very kind and laid back and were happy to make suggestions and walk us through the menu. The chef, Chuck, also came out mid meal to ask us how everything was and requested honest feedback. This is huge to me, especially with a newer restaurant. Chuck also gave some great suggestions on tailoring the meal...Once seated we took a look at their very creative and cool cocktail menu, complete with varying & creative drinks - gin, vodka, champagne - you name it! On to the meal!A couple things I ordered...Citrus Fizz: 3/5: I love champagne, so this citrus, champagne concoction looked interesting. It tasted just fine, but $12 for what seemed like a lemondrop shot in a champagne flute seemed a bit steep. The portions, however, were fairly generous for a champagne cocktail. Low country crab dip: 4/5: Delicious steamy crab dip with fabulous homemade kettle chips. Great flavor and a perfect starter. My only complaint? I wish the chips were just a bit more crispy.Fried turkey BLTA: 3/5: This could be a total stunner if a few tweaks are made. We asked for the red pepper aioli on the side (suggested by chef Chuck) which was perfect with the flavors of the turkey. My gripe? I bit through a handful of fat & gristle from the fried turkey. Surf and turf: 3.5/5: Delicious but heavy dish. The lobster saffron risotto was uber creamy and super tasty and the short rib was well cooked. This was our last plate of the meal (so I was already pretty full) and thus had a hard time shoveling down this rich plate of food! Overall it was a solid experience and I'm looking forward to trying Bask again!
5	Clearly Bask is keeping the new lunch hours on the low low:-) I mean with food this good, how can my fellow foodie and I be the only folk there during lunch? Hey, your lost not mine..... I love what the owners have done with this small space, it's quite intimate and cozy. Following the recommendation of Alex, we started off with the Scotch Eggs(boiled eggs wrapped in sausage dipped in panko and fried)......ummm very different but not bad at all. The crab cake sandwich with fennel slaw was simply awesome! Chef Chuck made several spreads for me to try with it and they were all great......ahhh the luxuries of being the only one there for lunch:-) The mac n cheese was very rich and saucy but definitely a winner. We wrapped up our lunch with the homemade peanut butter chocolate ice cream........yummy! I can't wait to go back to use my restaurant.com certificate...fyi!
5	Food was excellent! Portion sizes were appropriate (vs. a plate full of stuff). No dogie bag necessary.  Our meal was the Valentine 4-course meal @ 2 for $80.  Service was prompt and courteous and the owners stopped by our table.  We arrived before the crowd so there was no wait.  Restaurant had been open 1-2 weeks. Great ambiance. Beautiful setting and excellent light - low but you can see the menu without eye strain.
4	Checked out Bask recently and I'm a fan. Layout of the restaurant is nice with an open kitchen. The menu is simple to understand (with a question or two to the the chef and server). Drinks are a little on the high side IMO. Had the crab (rd 1), turkey BLT (rd 2) and the surf & surf (rd 3). My favorites were Rounds 1&3. I really wanted to like the turkey BLT, but it failed...the turkey was too tough and had some extra fat pieces that left a lot to be desired. The surf & turf had some great flavor, but heavy...heavy. Short rib/lobster risotto. The menu is innovative and fun and worth another visit for sure. I look forward to the weather getting warmer, as they have a great outdoor space.
4	Stopped in for a Yelp Happy Hour and I liked what I saw, for the most part.  First off, the interior is super nice, with exposed brick on the wall and modern fixtures throughout- both in lighting and seating- creating a nice, chic ambiance that was sophisticated without being stuffy.  Kitchen is partially open and you can see all the prep going into the meals.  Off to the side is a small but adequate bar with a full range of offerings.  Importantly, the drink menu is worth a gander as the offerings go far beyond the usual well drinks and mixers.  Divided between Vodka, Gin, Bourbon and Champagne (made with cava), there are multiple delights here that show flairs of originality and playfulness.  For example, how about a Champagne Julep?  During our visit, the special was a gin drink with ginger and pomegranate liquor.  Now I know what you're thinking, Gin  = taste of pine tress, but no dice at Bask!  They use Bluecoat American Gin, which is mild but still complex.  The mix of flavors in this drink were seriously good and both the wife and I thought it was a highlight of the night.  Sadly, nothing on the drink menu comes in at under $10, but at least there is some artistry at work here.We did not get the full dinner treatment here, but did sample a variety of apps.  I did enjoy the black bean and garlic hummus with pita.  The jalapeno poppers were a little messy and lacking for meaningful flavor, kinda like they were made elsewhere, frozen and popped in a fryer.  The other option wasn't one the menu and I hope it stays off- mini chicken a-la-king.  The mini breads this item was served on did not have a good mouth feel and again tasted as if they were made elsewhere and brought back from a frozen state.The menu, however, did look more promising.  Mostly meat based, with plenty of steaks and burgers along with a couple fish options and a pork dish.  There was a veggie lasagna features as a main dish and a veggie burger that, based on the description, may just have been a lot of veggies.  There is enough here, though, that I'm intrigued to come back and try some things.  Bravo to these guys for putting something new on the restaurant scene and for creating options you can't find at most other moderate to upscale places around town.  It's worth you time to stop in and find your own favorites here.
4	How did I not know about Bask? Apparently, I'm not the only one seeing the crowd that was there on Thursday night, I don't think many people know about Bask so they possibly need to up the ante in that department. I checked this jewel of a place out at the Yelpy Hour and can't wait to go back for a real meal! Yelpers took over the bar area while there a few booths and seats occupied in the place by others. They have a seating area that looks right over the kitchen so you can watch them cook your meal while enjoying a drink along with booths lining the walls with tables in the middle of the restaurant. The setting is very chic and modern---no overwhelming or obscure artwork, music, what have you, it was just perfect. We had some nice drink specials offered to us plus an appetizer spread with delectable bites such as jalapeno poppers and black bean hummus. If you're looking for a menu the size of the Cheesecake Factory, Bask isn't the place for you. They offer simple, classic dishes with a mix of comfort at affordable rates. Not like Denny's rates or anything but reasonably priced for the quality of ingredients they offer. I also found out they offer Sunday brunch so this could be an awesome place to stop at when you're looking to mix it up from the regular brunch establishments in the QC. They have a few parking spots in the front and parking in the back or you can park off the street. I imagine their patio would be a sweet place to plop down at while a concert is going on. All in all, a solid place that I look forward to trying again!
3	I really want the NC Music Factory to thrive, so I was stoked when I heard about Bask and double stoked when our awesome Nicole hosted a CYME there!Upon entering, ooh laa laa! I love exposed brick and copper so this place made my artisan side sing! So chic, so raw yet refined - the interior is a long space with a peek at the kitchen and would be perfect for a special event (rehersal dinner? h'ordervous reception after a wedding? perfect). The bar is small but adequate, and their tap list isn't big but quality and that's what counts. The staff seemed a bit inconvenienced by our Yelp group (not sure why, we were the only ones in there!) and that made me sad - we were there to try and cheer for another new place in our great city! But hey, we all have off nights.On to the food: I can't say much. The happy hour had black bean hummus with pita chips and jalpeno poppers (I think?). I'll be honest, the breading on the popper was so thick I didn't really know what was inside - just tasted fried and good (but still bland). The hummus was good, but I was saddened a bit - I was excited to try something excited and small, not common and heavy like a hummus. I thought of Bask as more of a very "baby scallop delicately wrapped in bacon froth" place but what was displayed was more run of the mill than what I imagined.I will try Bask for dinner soon and write another review - hopefully really upping the ante on this place!
2	When a business owner decides to host an event like a CMYE, there is a calculation made.  Ply a dozen or so busy reviewers with nibbles and drink specials, and watch the grateful reviewers pump up the ratings.  I wonder how this calculation will work for the guys at Bask.First of all, I was happy to be able to return to Charlotte for a long weekend and be able to attend this event.  Thanks to Nicole W. for setting it up!  Secondly, the place is great looking.  It really is a very inviting room.  Sadly, the happy stuff stops here.Dudes!  When people bite into a menu item with the name jalapeno in it, they ought to know that is was a jalapeno that they just bit into!  I had two, and had no idea what I was eating!  It wasn't until I looked at the menu and heard others talking that I found out I had just eaten two jalapeno poppers.Speaking of the menu, after a quick glance, I was able to peg it as the most uninspired menu I have seen in a "hip and trendy" place in at least a decade.  Anyway.....the room is very pretty.
3	We hit Bask the other night for a Yelpy Hour, along with a few other folks.  Even long-lost Bill F. and our favorite Norcal Nutjob Crazy Hazy came by to see what was happening.What they found was a great atmosphere.  The interior of Bask is awesome.  It even has a sort of log cabin aroma.  The long, narrow room almost gives it a Scandanavian feel.  If there was a raging fire and we had access to some horned helmets, it would have definitely been like a Viking longhouse.  A really nice Viking longhouse, but still.The menu sounded interesting, but we decided against the suggestions of the server and went with the samosas.  Short rib wontons if you need to ask.  Really tasty.  I would highly suggest these myself.  The only downside?  Really pricey for what you get (three relatively small wontons - not bad for one person, and even okay as an appetizer for two, but how do you split three among two people and it is way too small for three).As to the Yelpy Hour?  The black bean dip was tasty, but that could be attributed to the fact that they deep fried the pita chips.   Deep fry anything and it is likely to be good.  Like my man Will says, the chicken sandwiches totally missed the mark, and I cannot say that the jalapeno poppers were worth the trouble.I actually thought they could have been crab cakes.  I did not taste jalapeno or cheese or anything else you usually associate with a popper.  For that matter, I really missed crab or anything else, and was just reaching, but I felt it closer than jalapeno.  Still, it was nice of them to put something out for us, and the place is very nice looking, so when you have a nice place and free food, how bad can it be?
3	Just opened in December, Bask is located in the NC Music Factory in Fourth Ward.  I'd never heard of it until the recent Yelpy Hour I attended.  I didn't get the opportunity to eat that night but definitely want to go back!  Really nice bartender....extensive wine list....outdoor seating....neat ambiance (I want to sit at that cool bar area right in front of the kitchen!)....and the menu evolves seasonally to reflect the great diversity of fresh, local produce available in North Carolina!
4	We went to Bask last night to use a Livingsocial deal and found they were having an event for Austism awareness. We got a free drink and Bask donated  profits to Austism Services of Mecklenburg County. Apparently they have this event the last Wednesday of each month from 5pm-8pm, so that is pretty cool. I think everyone in the place was there for this event, but it was not too crowded. There was only one server working as far as I could tell, but she was attentive and kept our glasses filled. The restaurant is beautiful, as others have mentioned, and guests would feel comfortable in dressy clothes or something more casual--it is not a stuffy place. The menu is sufficient though not extensive; you can view it on their website. They have offerings in a range of prices so for $10 or less you can get a salad or sandwich or you can get a $28 entree. We started with the crab dip which was rich and creamy and served with house made potato chips. The chips were thick and substantial enough to hold up the dip. The dip looked like a small portion but it was hearty and filled with crab. For an entree I had the vegetable lasagna, which does not have any pasta but is just vegetables, tomato sauce, and cheese basically. It may sound boring but it was delicious. The portion is not huge but I could only eat half after having the appetizer. My husband had the trout and it was a fairly large piece of fish over green beans topped with crunchy sweet potato sticks. It was tasty though not outstanding. For dessert we had the bread pudding and it came in a wedge served over what seemed to be a vanilla sauce. It was studded with chocolate chips and was very yummy. I wanted to try the Guinness ice cream I had read about but it was not offered last night. Bask also has a great cocktail list with some old fashioned favorites and some new inventions. I am glad to see a place with emphasis on cocktails. We will definitely return to Bask.
4	Bask is one of those new restaurants that has been on my radar for a while. When I saw the Living Social deal, I jumped at the opportunity! My first impression was, wow, this is going to be excellent. The space is open and inviting. It reminded me a bit of Southern Rail, a restaurant in Chapel Hill, modeled after a railroad car. The wood, ceiling, lighting--are all very sleek without being overly modern. The two of us began with the Low County Crab Dip and the Tomato Bruschetta. Let me tell you that the crab dip was out of this world. It has a crunchy Parmesan crust on top served with those thick hand-cut style potato chips. SOLD. So good that we could not stop eating it. The bruschetta was also great. The bread was a bit thinner than what I am used to and you could really taste the flavors. Definitely some dill in there. I had the Vegetable Lasagna, which is noodle-less. It was INSANELY good. They must put some kind addictive substance  in there, and I am OK with that. I also tasted the NC trout. It was good, but it couldn't quite compare to the lasagna. I want to try the Chicken 3 Ways next time. We were so pleased with our meals so far that we each got our own dessert! I had the bread pudding. It wasn't so much of a traditional bread pudding. It was a cross between a scone and banana bread slice type of thing. It was really good, but not what I typically would call bread pudding. The caramel sauce was excellent. We also ordered the apple turnovers. I couldn't even snag a bite, so they must have been that good! Our service was great. The drink I ordered could have been a bit stronger. I am not a fan of weak drinks, especially for what you pay. That's the only thing I can really say that disappointed me about the whole experience. I can't wait to go back!
2	I will start this off as a positive review but it will likely not end that way...Just saying!Myself and two others came in about a month ago on a Monday night at 7pm. Walked in my first impression was this place is really pretty the white chairs are brave but very nice and then my second thought was we are pretty much the only people in here excluding the 3 women at the bar. Ok no big deal its Monday! why should this place be packed we sit and get a nice booth by the window and order a bottle of wine. Jennifer was our server and was really nice and did a great job!We started our first course which was the Scotch Eggs and Crab dip...neither blew me away but if I had to choose I choose the Chips for the dip! They were great! Other than that the Crab dip was blah it needed something else to it and the Scotch Eggs were just not good they were overcooked and dry with no flavor...move on to the nextI had the French Onion soup along with my sister and my friend had the salad with Candied Walnuts....Soup was good perfect temp and not too big of a serving. Salad was served with 1 Walnut, she asked if she could have more, but really you only put 1 on the salad in the first place! I tried the candied walnuts and wish I hadn't they reminded me of Sour Patch Kids-Nut flavored they were gross, she liked them I did not!Ok 3rd course I had the Surf and Turf- Short Ribs over Lobster Risotto- Sounds great right! It was but it was lukewarm and I wasn't really sure why but whatever I ate about half of it and boxed up the rest!We then ordered the Ice cream of the day which is to be served with Chocolate covered Pretzels- Obviously our reason for ordering it! Well we get it and its just a scoop of ice cream so we ask for the pretzels and she comes back empty handed and tells us they didn't tell her but they don't have any.....Soooo mad at that chef!! 2 bottles of wine and another round of wine later we ask for our check so Jennifer can go home since it was obvious that no one else was coming in! My sister had printed off a coupon for $50 off $100 worth of food well we definitely hit that! So we hand it to her and she comes back with it taken off and then we all just threw our card in and asked her to just to split it evenly on each card please...she comes back and tells us she can't do that because they're system wont let her do so...Wrong answer Ive worked, along with my friend on the same system they have (micros) that thing can do anything!!! That's why people buy them! Well then D-bag owner/Manager/ Bartender walk over and tells us he can't do it so we say that's not even possible for you to not be able to do it. He then says that it only allows one card to be swiped since he had discounted the bill already...Weird and stupid, oh and not TRUE!! It became apparent that he either didn't want us to use our coupon or he didn't want to pay the credit card companies for our 3 charges because other than those 2 reasons I'm not really sure what else his excuse was! In the end they figured something out and it worked out but my friend and I both explained to our server that there is a way of doing it and told her that if we were anybody else we would have just left her a shitty tip because of her bosses stupidity and that he completely ruined our night out by his arrogance...He should either go take the class on how to use his Micros like I had to in the past or go back to England!!
2	My sister summed it all up pretty well in her review (LeeAnn D.) so I won't repeat it all again here.  I will  say my entree was pretty good.  I got the chicken 3 ways, and the fried and bbq style were great.  The orange chicken was not good, and had a lot of black pepper on it.  Mac-n-cheese and haricot verts were also great, but I didn't like the collards.  Though that might be because I guess I don't really like collards in general.Its a shame how the night had to end since I have used restaurant.com gift certificates many times and split the bill after the fact with other people.  If you don't want people to use them and you're going to make it such a hassle, then don't sell them!
2	I want to like Bask. It's over in the NC Music Factory, (which is a great spot if you haven't checked it out yet,) and sits in a cool space that has a very industrial feel to it, with brick walls and nice lighting. I had high hopes. But in all honesty, aside from the company we were with, it wasn't the greatest experience. *Disclaimer*: this review is based off of my experience dining with a 35-girl bachelorette party, which of course is going to be different than getting a table for two, for, or even six. For this reason, I will probably try it again. But if you are thinking about going with a large group, read on...The PLUSes: *when we sat down we noticed that they had put together a menu specifically for our party, with the bachelorette's name on top. We all thought this was a nice personal touch (both on the bridesmaids side as well as the restaurant's.)*we had our very own waiter dedicated to our party. Having waitressed for many years, I thought this was strange to only have one person taking care of a party of 35, but I thought hey, he must be THAT good.*they put up with our crazy bachelorette games the bridesmaids had planned. (My apologies if you were part of the nice party of four behind us trying to enjoy a quiet "couples night out" - we really didn't mean to interrupt your dinner with flying "Weener Cleaner Soaps", and we hope we didn't accidentally sprinkle your salads with "horny goat weed". Yup, all grown up, I know.)*they did not rush us in the least.The MINUSes:*the menu, although it was a nice thought, didn't go over too well. It took our food forever to come out (yes, even taking into consideration the large party), and some of the orders still came out wrong. *about 30 minutes after placing our drink orders, we looked over to see if our waiter was on his way back - turned out he was still taking drink orders on the other end of the table. Not. Good. Thank god the bridesmaids were prepared with those games.*from start to finish, it took us a very long time to get our checks and get out of there to continue on with our night. We sat down at 8:30, and it was 11:30 by the time we were able to pay our bills and get to Butter. Overall, the food was okay - the caesar salad was pricey and a bit overrated, and the salmon was very salty and dry. But I do want to give this place another try with a table of two or four. I want to also add that they did make it right for us: after someone in our group spoke to the manager, they followed us over to Butter and got us all a table with free drinks. What more could a bachelorette party ask for? The timing even worked out for us, since we still had plenty of time to party, but just an FYI for large groups - be prepared to stay for a while. Hopefully a better update will follow...
3	I got the surf and turf, only finished half of it. Too rich for me. I do like the risotto on the side though. Clean then up. We got the hummus as appetizer. Its made of black beans. A little bit dry but still tasty. Pits was fried but good.
4	So I've been wanting to try Bask for awhile now, recently found a great opportunity to swing in, so I did, and I was not disappointed.The atmosphere is very cool...laid back.  The menu was fantastic, if not a little off of the beaten path - definitely a good thing for Charlotte.  The wait staff was great, and the owner stopped by our table for a few words.  The food was better than I was expecting.  I initially thought that portions were a tad bit small, however I was completely full when we left.  With that said...save room for dessert.  Wow!  All in all, I can't wait for my next trip trip to Bask.  Prices are a little higher than I was expecting, especially for it being off of the beaten path at the Music Factory, but the value was there.  Hopefully, the rest of Charlotte feels the same, and Bask will be with us or awhile.
4	I'm only reviewing this based on my social visit, not dinner.  I didn't eat there so I can't really comment.  I loved the feel of this place, with the copper metal accents and the open kitchen layout along with the exposed brick, it gives the space great character.  The service at the bar was really good and a very friendly wait staff in general.  This was my first visit here and to this general area.  It's located in and around the NC Music Factory off Seaboard Lane/Road?  Anyway, they have weekly events here and from what I could tell, if you get here early enough, the patio at Bask would make a perfect spot to enjoy it all.Here's something I learned last night as well.  The weekly events that are held at the NC Music Factory normally have a 10-15$ cover, BUT, if you make reservations at Bask, it takes care of any cover charge for the events.  So make a reservation, have some drinks and an appetizer on the patio and stick around to enjoy the show!
4	Have to send a quick update on Bask from a recent visit. Met some friends for drinks here and stayed for some dinner at the bar. Ordered the scotch eggs, which were awesome. Lightly battered and cut into quarters. The mustard sauce was a perfect side to the egg! Also went with the mac & cheese which was so creamy...big fan! Finished with the hanger steak, which was good...a tad on the salty side, but so tender and flavorful otherwise. Chef & owner said they're changing the menu around soon to add some new seasonal items. Look forward to checking the new menu out in a month or so.
4	Four stars for location and the perfect setting to bring a date that isn't BORING. Make sure to go on a night that a band plays outside in the common area as this is located at the Music Factory. I wrote a quick note on what I had for dinner. For the price it wasn't up to par in my opinion, but again the setting makes up for this.
4	We showed up around 9pm on a Saturday night and the place was pretty packed the.  The manager on duty was so polite and accommodating.  He really went out of his way to create a spot for the two of us and it was perfect.  Through a separate Yelp event we had already tried the jalapeno poppers and they are simply delicious.  We decided to branch out and ordered the fresh soft pretzel.  MAN!!! That was good.  Came with a little side dish of homemade melted cheese and spicy mustard.  I will be getting that again.  Next, on to the main course.  I ordered the chicken, pica de gallo, and avocado sandwich.  The chicken was blackened and spiced just right that it had a subtle enjoyable kick to it.  The avocado and tomatoes complimented the spice and heat perfectly.  I will definitely be coming back for round 3 here at Bask.  Not to mention, the stylish modern atmosphere is located in the NC music factory right next to Butter, Wet Willy's, Saloon, and Mattie's Diner!!.   I promise it will be a good time.  Enjoy!!-Ian M.
2	I was really hoping to love Bask - as I've been reading quite a few good reviews. See, it wasn't that Bask was horrible per se, but it was that it just failed to have any "mmmm" factor. Let me explain, "mmmm" factor is when something is so tasty you literally moan outloud in pleasure. Yes, I do this on occasion. We started with the scallop raviolis. They were um, small (3 half dollar sized pockets)...and FRIED. What the heck - we didn't want fried "ravioli"- we wanted pasta. I felt that the menu should have distinguished this, as were really disappointed - this dish was simply NOT worth $10. Another person I was dining with had some crab dip that was well crabless tasting and dry - but we did like the homemade pita very much. For my meal I had a small plate recommendation and went with the spicy grilled shrimp. The shrimp were ok but a bit cool temp-wise. The fried green tomatoes were tasteless. Lastly I had the apple turnovers as I remember reading they were good. They must have ran out of caramel sauce as they used chocolate syrup - and the apples were non-existent. We were expecting big slices but instead got a babies-handful of chopped apple. My $12 citrus fizz drink wasn't anything special and was overly-limey. I wish I had listened to Nicole W. and skipped it! Overall it was just a let-down...and for two apps/ dessert plus one special drink and one beer (with a $25 groupon in there somewhere)   - my portion was just about $40 with tax. Most likely I won't be back. Two stars was being kind.
4	OK- my star rating is completely due to service and appetizers. I have yet to have dinner there. The appetizers were delicious though.I helped my friend throw a private party in the outdoor seating area. They were VERY helpful and polite. The chef came out and discussed different menu options (and was very open to being creative). The drinks were strong at the party. The food was delicious and came out timely.It is comfortable and not overly pretentious.(side note: we did arrive a few days early to scout out the location. They were having a "blind dinner"- you know- those dinners where it is in the dark. You might even wear blind folds. Umm...people really do that? It felt really cheesy. Not to be a total brat, but I don't think Bask needs to do those gimmics)
4	This will make two trips to Bask in recent weeks.  I do have to say that this is a must try.  It's in a bit of an odd spot for this menu but we are local so completely good with it.The pork chop is a must try.  I commented to the chef that it's one of the best I have had and i'm not that big on pork.  This compares closely with that which I've had at Peninsula Grill in Charleston, SC.  Just so happens he has culinary influence from the area.  My wife enjoyed one of the largest crab cakes I have seen.  It was excellent and fully of crab.  Soups are excellent!We also went for Brunch on Easter.  I ordered the Steak Poached Eggs and one egg was far over cooked and the steak was cooked a little over as well.  The bloody mary was excellent though so I wasn't totally bummed with it.  My wife had a mexican influenced dish with a mimosa and loved it.We do look forward to returning!
3	Tried out Bask as part of a large party the other night.  Once I got there I realized it was part of the NC Music Factory complex -- I hadn't realized where I was headed, and it didn't help when my GPS pointed me to a pile of rubble under an overpass and then to a selection of blocked off streets.  But once you get where you're going things look brighter. They've got a beautiful space, a nice wine list, and some pretty decent upscale American food.  The highlight of the eating experience was definitely the first item on my menu -- a sweet corn and chipotle bisque that I could have eaten a lot more of.  I tried the roast beef sandwich.  It was tasty, if a little fatty, and the jus was on the salty side.  A good basic and about what I'd expect for the price.  Finally, the creme brulee.  Tasty custard, but texture and temperature suggested it had been bruleed some time before we received it.  The loud KISS cover band playing outside the restaurant made conversation a little crazy and yell-y.  Still, I'd give this place another chance and try out some of the more interesting looking items on the menu.
5	Really enjoyed Bask - breath of fresh air in Charlotte. Located at the trendy Music Factory, on a nice day you will enjoy drinks and apps on the patio. Good 'tapas type place' where you can order lots of things and share. If they step up the service a bit, you will have a home run here.
2	After reading such strong reviews, our expectations were very high. While the location is unique and the decor is quite impressive, the food was actually a bit disappointing. The appetizers were so small they were completely in adequate to share. The brioche bread on my wife's sandwich better resembled wonder bread. And the service was extremely slow... It took nearly 25 minutes just for dessert to come (which turned a lengthy meal into 2 1/2 hrs). Overall, a nice location but the overall experience better earns an average rating.
2	I was very excited from the reviews to try Bask but was not impressed at all. We had the Crab dip for an appy and the Wolf fish with pea puree and mushroom dust for dinner. There were many things wrong with our whole meal and for the money we spent I was very dissapointed. The toast points they serve with any dip are drenched in butter and the crab dip was average. The fish was ok but for it was not worth 22 dollars. There was a smear of pea puree and the plate was "dusted with a truffle dust" I guess that is why it was so expensive. The portions were incredibly small and we left hungry. Maybe we ordered wrong but I will not go back or recommend going again.
5	Alright...I have been to Bask too many times to count.  My first opportunity was like love a first sight and bite!!!  The ambience was incredible.  I went for lunch with my one of my #1 foodie partners and we could not believe the incredible food.  Chuck, the master chef was very anxious for us to try dessert before appetizers...we did not hesitate!  The chef-made chocolate ice cream was great to sample.  It was so good...I went back the next day to get some to go...with cooler and ice in tow!I am tempted to copy the ENTIRE menu here, but will only say that everything I have had on the menu, from scotch eggs, to fried turkey spinach salad was great.I have enjoyed Bask so much that is often my first choice for a business partner lunch.  We have even had one of our "KB After Dark - Crew" Get Togethers at Bask and Chuck and staff did not miss a beat.  A+ service!!!Alex, Chuck and Craig are outstanding owners and everytime I have gone have had an opportunity to speak with one or all of them.Bask is a great place to go if you are looking for great wines and appetizers or a full dinner before a concert at the NC Music Factory venues.So....what are you waiting for....you MUST go!!!  Today...tonight!!!
5	I went there last night on a busy Saturday.  There was a large group eating at the same time so I was a little nervous.  No need to be.  We sat up front by the chefs and had a blast.  I had the surf and turf which was which with a lamb porterhouse and scallops.  Honestly, everything was perfect.   The portions, size and flavor were all spot on.  The service was pretty friendly and the chefs put on a little show for us.  As mentioned in other reviews the place is gorgeous without being the slightest bit pretentious.  Whoever designed the menu definitely took some risks but I think they paid off for me.  I wouldn't take grandma and granda to this place for dinner but I will most definitely be bringing any of my friends who are visiting from out of town.
3	Went early on a weeknight, so we were 1 of three tables.In general, I'd say the food was good but not worth the money - there are much better options in town.Southern Samosas - not enough filling.Jalepeno poppers - too much breadingCorn bisque - This was in fact a bisque as advertised, but I would have preferred a chunky chowder.  There was supposed to be a chipolte flavor, but I did not taste that at all.Spinach salad - NicePork - very good, nice herbed crust.(No bread is served with the meal.)For dessert I chose the chocolate bread pudding.  Turned out to be more of a brioche cake slice than bread pudding.  If you want bread pudding, go to Fran's Filling Station.
4	I was on my own, wanted just a glass of wine and an appetizer. I was at the NC Music Factory to hear The Hot Gates play on the outside stage. The Bask patio was a perfect location for watching and listening.  I was welcomed warmly and was treated very well even though they knew I was a "small ticket" table. The black bean hummus with toasted pita and baby vegetables appetizer was flavorful and abundant. I will definitely go back for a full meal.
4	My first dining experience at Bask was on a Friday around 7:30 and almost at capacity aside, it was great. Our server was doing the best she could trying to accommodate us as much as possible as we waited for our food (generously speaking, there was a little bit of delay), the ambiance was great, the drinks were well made, and as we sat at the table behind the open kitchen bar we watched the chefs pump plate after plate out. We, like many others, ordered a selection of small plates and they were definitely all edible, just on different levels.-the samosa: not much of a doughy pocket, but excelled as a fried wonton filled with deliciousness.-the scotch egg: unappealing overcooked green ring aside it was amazing. one of the better in town. love the mustard sauce. -the shrimp: my friend scoffed at my love of them, without the sauce. they tasted exactly like how my father used to cook them in the summertime, which we decided was due to their simplicity, but seriously, I was on memory lane and I didn't care. (sometimes it's nice to showcase what a food can do on its own)-the crabcakes: good crab meat/breading ratio. loved the pineapple and mango with it. Then, a few nights ago my sister and I stopped in to redeem my almost forgotten about livingsocial. Around 930 on a Wednesday night, we ended up being one of three tables in the place. We grabbed the jalap poppers and the hummus to start. The poppers were a bit of a russian roulette. Some were fine, nothing too spicy, and then every third one or so there would be a surprising explosion of pimiento cheese and heat from the pepper. (It was fairly entertaining.) The hummus was awesome, though it had more of the consistency of a tapenade to me, and the pita chips were delish. We moved on to the medium plates and I grabbed the santa fe chicken and she took the veggie burger.  Both were really nice, I loved the flavors on my sandwich, but I think when I return I'll go back to sampling multiple small plates. Our service was just a little bit better than bare bones the second time, but our waters were filled often enough and we were happy. Even though I don't frequent the music factory, Bask is definitely up there when it comes to small plates in Charlotte, and I look forward to returning.
5	Just getting around to writing the review of my first (and only, but not last!) dining experience at Bask, but not because it was a forgetful experience.I ate there almost 2 months ago before going to the symphony on a chilly evening.The ambience & vibe was perfect; there was live music outside on the stage; the restaurant itself is beautifully designed and layed out, etc.My friend and I ordered a couple of the small plates to share (the scallop ravioli was DELISH!) and I ordered the corn bisque with a kick of chipotle.  I hesitated to order this because I feared it would just be a bowl of creamed corn, but the waitress was kind enough to bring me out a little sample (kudos on service!) beforehand.It was AMAZING.Love that they have a draft beer list, too.Overall I loved the fact that I could order a couple different and interesting things, with a pint of a good beer, throw in a dessert, listen to some live music, and then go to symphony. I'll be going back to Bask often and will recommend it to people looking for a hip, but not pretentious-urban, but not exactly "uptown" experience.
4	Service was excellent and food was great.  My steak was so perfectly seasoned and cooked, I'm still thinking about it.  Decor is beautiful.For the price (around $25 per entree) I would have liked a salad.
4	We ended up here on a weeknight because of an event at VBGB and were going to get burgers at another bar in the music factory but didn't want to pay cover, so the bouncer sent us to Bask...glad he did.First, the drink selection was adequate.  I had a bell's two hearted and my friends had a mixed drink made with rosemary; it was pretty tasty.The food was moderately priced.  I wasn't too hungry, so I went for the mid-size plate section of the menu.  I got the fried turkey sandwich with cranberry aioli; it was really tasty, but what really tied the meal together was the side of mac and cheese.  It was a huge portion of mac and cheese and was obviously made with several different types of cheese (I think I tasted bleu cheese in there).  The meal was only $10; I am definitely coming back.
1	We went here not too long ago.  Was a disasotrous experience.  There were about 10 of us.  We ordered drinks and ordered our food.  The food took about 1 hr and a half to come to our table.  It wasn't even that busy....maybe 5 or 6 tables in the whole restaurant.  The waiter didn't even apologize for the long wait or refill our drinks when he shouldve.  When we got our food the temperature of the food was cold.  The portions were like children's portion (this is ok if it is a Tapas restaurant) however this restaurant is not considered Tapas by any means.  I wasn't impressed with the menu in general.  Everything is fried or drenched in butter.   We weren't even offered complimentary desserts. We had to ask for them!  The molten chocolate cake with ice cream was the only thing that was impressive. Horrible service and mediocre food. And I felt that the staff was not professional at all.  The "owner" who was the chef had a lip piercing. It is a beautiful restaurant though.
3	The service was very good and the food presentation was nice but the food was just OK,  except for  the squash soup that was delicious and the french press coffee.  We had house salad, it was good but too tart after a few bites, my trout was soft and lemony but had a couple of bites that were fishy and muddy.  My husband ordered veggie lasagna and he said it was OK, with lots of mushroom, edible but not remarkable.  The place does look beautiful and has good ambiance. I would go  back for appetizers and coffee.We used a restaurant.com gift certificate that we presented at the end (since the certificate did not state present before ordering) and was accepted gracefully.
3	We hit this place  for a quick dinner before a show near the fountain there at the Music Factory. I got a turkey blt and my guy got the veggie pita. They were okay but I can make better at home. Might be a good lunch place.
1	I had the most bizarre experience today at brunch. Bask's website says they open at 10:00 am on Sundays. Open Table starts accepting reservations at 10:00 am on Sundays. We made a reservation for 10:15 a.m., and when we showed up, there were only two cars in the back parking lot, and the main(?) door was locked. Odd. We tried a second door, which was unlocked, and when we opened it, the alarm started going off. We saw inside just long enough to notice that the lights were off and no one was inside, but we hightailed it out of there before the cops showed up.
1	After reading through the menu posted on their website, we had high hopes for Bask. We went on a Friday night around 8pm. There were maybe 3 or 4 other occupied tables in the restaurant. Everything was going well until we were seated and started looking over the menu. Half the dishes were missing! Apparently they re-designed their menu and did not update the website.Not that big deal, as there were a few other items on the menu we liked. WRONG!! We were immediately informed that they were sold out of the surf&turf. We ordered the trout and a sirloin sandwich, only to be informed several minutes later that they were out of the sirloin as well. We ended up with the vegetarian lasagna instead. When the appetizer was brought out they brought us the order for a different table first.When the main dishes came we were very disappointed. Not only did the lasagna look like it was a giant blob of food covered in tomato sauce, it was also cold in the center. The trout was swimming in roughly 1/2 inch of grease and was extremely salty. The little fried slivers of sweet poatato used as a decorative topic were very good and had to have been my favorite part of my meal.My girlfriend really liked the dressing on her salad. However, the salad consisted of a huge serving of greens with a few bits and pieces of other vegetables placed on top.The bill we received the first time was not for our table. Did I mention that we were here for almost 2 hours? The service is extremely slow. There was no appology from the manager for any of the missing menu items, cold food, long wait, incorrect check, etc. It is a shame, as the decor is tasteful and modern and upscale.Overall I would recommend that you RUN THE OTHER WAY!!! You will get better service at Waffle House and they tend to have the items listed on their menu.
