5	Value Village is my hidden secret down on South Blvd. I don't like telling people about it but I guess it being the holiday season and all I will share the love. It's a mega thrift store with everything from purses to electronics to books. They have a tag of the day (sometimes two) which anything with that color tag is either 50 or 75% off. Seeing alot of their clothing is $10 max, this comes to huge savings. When I go there, I block two hours from my day to sift through all the goodies and have found labels ranging from DKNY to Stuart Weitzman to Michael Kors to Vera Bradley. The downside--no dressing rooms so you can try stuff on over your clothes or I guess get saucy and strip down?? So yes, knowing your size is definitely important when you go here but then again shelling out $4 for a top and not fitting isn't keeping me up at night. They have good jams playing and I love me some music while shopping to mask the sounds of misbehaved children running wild. So, don't hate and check this place out, it won't put a dent in your wallet and you just may be pleasantly surprised with what you find (please only go if you're not my size though!)
4	While I didn't find any upscale goodies during my first trip to this Value Village I did, indeed, leave a winner. When I mentioned to Julia S. that I was in need of a truly atrocious, ugly sweater for the holidays she wisely led me here. And what a treat it was. Racks and racks of heinous holiday sweaters in all shapes and sizes for quite affordable prices. I don't think I saw a sweater priced for more than $4. Now, keep in mind Value Village did indeed have a host of other items to sift through but I didn't indulge this time. I was too busy enjoying the holiday goods. If your seeking any type of clothing for a costume party, an ugly sweater holiday party or you just feel adventurous and want to dig for buried retail treasure, Value Village is the ticket. I did spy some cute and super affordable Christmas ornaments & sweet little decorations before leaving. So, yeah, come on over to this Value Village & enjoy the festivities on the cheap...and bring some hand sanitizer just for good measure.
4	This place makes me laugh. It has everything you'll never want, which is exactly why you should check it out. Want a TV from 1992; a crackpot used 100 times; framed artwork from your grandmas house? This is the place for you. Oh yeah, a boat load of cheap clothes.Came here a few weeks ago for an ugly sweater and the choices were plentiful! Believe it or not, there are sale items too. I found a sweater priced at $3.50 and it was 75% off. Yep...a whopping 87 cents. I might have to wear it a few more times to get my money's worth. Wife says no :)
4	Value village is insane.  Most of it's selection is in clothing, but they also have housewares, books, VHS tapes, and some furniture.  There may be more I just never got around to the whole store!  Everything is super cheap and they are pretty well organized so it makes the task of sifting through all the stuff more simple.  It's worth checking out - you might find a few keepers!
4	I'm with Tiffany N., I don't like giving away my thrifty/vintage secrets. But this particuar Value Village is the shhhhhhhhhhhutyourmouth. I have dropped $20 in here and walked out with a gorgeous puff sleeved winter coat, a wilson's leather jacket, a new years eve sweater that i'll wear as a minidress, 3 blazers, 3 little black dresses and a star trek party dress that's a sexy beast! I've gone to other VVs in Charlotte, hoping to find the same type bounty, to no avail. This one is the holy grail.
4	Apparently this place is no longer a secret.  Just like any thrift store, patience is golden.  I have to say most clothing items here are... comical.  Who knows down-to-your-ankle denim skirt is still in?!  How about that floral dress completed with white lace trim handkerchief collar, HOT!  But if you spend enough time, flip through every item on those long racks, you will find some gems.  I bought my BCBG cocktail dress (barely worn if at all) for $5.50 (which was priced cheaper than an Old Navy sweater), my BCBG brown heels for $4.50, my Ann Taylor cream wool sweater for $3.50... you get the ideaThe down side of this place is NO fitting rooms.  However, you can bring items back for credit and get something else.  Personally I swear next time I will just wear my cami underneath my top and put on a show (I'll post my performance time, you bring the dollar bills).Here is a little PSA: All clothings will be 50% on 1/1/2011.
5	This place is getting better & better (like a fine wine, but in this case, more like a cheap bottle of Boone's Farm, with a dash of vodka, oh yeah!)  Since December, I swear this has become easily a weekly spot for me to hit over the weekend, which I actually try to avoid because I will find something good to buy every visit.  Ladies (& gents, if you are the shopping type), don't let the location or the look fools you, just be prepared to dig, and you will find gold, I promise.  Okay, not real gold, but you know what I mean.  I think I have doubled my shoes collection in record time and record low budget.  And don't forget the accessories display case.  I just got a Kenneth Cole necklace (retail $52, with tag still on it) for $3.  Same drill as before, NO fitting room but you can exchange for store credit with receipt and in 7 days (clothes only).  And by far, this is my favorite Value Village location (not so much the one on Central Ave, they're priced higher than here and with less "higher end" items).  Don't forget, they have 50% regularly (mostly on Wednesdays).
3	Deals abound but I think probably better deals for women than men.  Majority of guys don't donate I think so that equals reduced selection to browse through.  The funnest part of scouring this place is looking through all the knick knack stuff.  Mostly bizarre but fun to look through.  Value Village has a couple locations through the city and I think the largest and original one is located off Freedom Drive, so maybe there is a better and grander selection of stuff there.  Happy hunting!
4	Now I have been to Value Village on Central (uh, a few times).  But since I no longer work down South Boulevard, this was my first visit to this location.  The store is nice enough, but it is a totally different vibe than the one on Central.In general, the idea is the same: Massive thrift "department" store, scan the wall for the tickets that are on special that day, you get the idea.  So what is different?  Unfortunately, I have no idea.It could be the smaller parking lot, the slightly smaller building, or the lack of an elevated reading room.  But something is just off.  Still, it has that Value Village vibe if you are in the area.  Definitely worth a look-see.
4	The VV on Central is usually my stop (I love that book section!) but after some coaxing I made my way down to this one, holy crap.I was completely overwhelmed by the awesome selection. After a rough start of rows of cute color but wrong size and a few internal screams of "why can't there be a dressing room??!", fast forward two hours later to a few re-workable dresses, an awesome fitted blazer, a top, and a scarf in my hand. (And luckily most of my tags matched up with the 75% & 50% off color selections on the wall)Along the way? A super chatty employee picking out choice selections for us, telling us the tale of the rainbow retro pant rack (which appears during spring/summer months, during the winter it is a slightly daunting rack of brown corduroy and khaki), and short stories of shirts she's sold d-list celebs. For the middle of "winter", their outwear and heavy coat selection was ridiculously large. Three quarters of the TVs on display seemed to work (playing a complimentary showing of Finding Nemo), and I have to say I was surprised by their book selection. We ran out of time before being able to peruse the last part of the store, but overall I was pretty impressed. And I know people might feel weird about wearing other people's pjs - but they had some truly beautiful floor-length nightgowns. The cases up front by the register were the only disappointing area (but the VV's on Central has never really impressed me either), filled with truly horrendous (and not in a funny ugly sweater way) jewelry and less than spectacular plates and home items. Oh well, everything else made the trip definitely worth it, and I will be returning soon!
2	For the guys its a little depressing.  Occasionally I can find a decent pair of pants there on the cheap. ddc
2	May be good for Halloween, otherwise a yard sale in a storefront.
5	By far, my favorite thrift store in Charlotte. This place has such amazing prices for amazing quality. I can never go into here and not walk out empty handed. I collect vinyl records and I consider myself a connoisseur of ugly, "grandpa" sweaters, and value village has a plethora of both. Wednesday's are also 50% off on clothes. :D
4	I visit VV all the time, but I haven't had the luck I once did.  I once stumbled upon a brand new Keurig for $4.99!  Still in the plastic with manuals with the only thing being wrong was the box was opened and a little worn.  I also picked up a Roomba for the same price that just needed a new battery.Lately I've found few deals or treasures at this location.  My Dad and I generally visit after needing to walk off a meal not really looking for anything in particular.  I've been watching this poor JCPenny brand pink Cooks coffee maker sit on the shelf for months that really just needs discarding as there is a hole in the base.Unless you are desperate, avoid the last Wednesday of the month when they have their half off sale or find someone to go with you and line sit.  It can take half an hour to check out, especially when there is a price discrepancy.  It would also be nice to alert new customers items marked with an "S" are excluded from the 50% off sale.  I once had a friend wait forever with some bath towels only to get to the register and learn this.
4	I have a mixed review for Value Village. There was a pair of decently nice Cole Haan penny loafer but there wasn't a price labeled on them so I was unable to purchase them but I did find a working silver faced Sony stereo system for $9 that I haven't found at any of the Charlotte Goodwill's that I have shopped at for numerous years now. If the penny loafers had a price VV would be hands down 5 stars but the unpriced merchandise was a problem.
