4	This place is def one of my top 3 favorite bars in Vegas. I LOVE the decor, lots of rouge (duh) and the bottle that decorate the wall behind the bar have lights with changing funky patterns behind them....very cool...and somewhat trippy if you stare at it long enough (after a few cocktails).I highly recommend the pomegranate martini!!! Its not too sweet and comes in a large tall glass, not a tiny martini glass. It's a great place to start off the night :)
5	We really liked this lounge found in the MGM.  It's decor is extremely modern/chic, but it wasn't packed or anything.  There were tables available and they had very good martinis (lychee!) and a pretty decent wine list.We kept saying how we wished there was a place like this in LA but that would never happen.  If it were in LA it'd probably be packed and I'd "probably be having some girl's martini spilled on me by now".
4	Pricey drinks.. great atmosphere and a place to unwind after being at a trade show. Cute little cocktail waitresses too!
2	God there's a lot of hookers in Vegas.  This place in particular really seems to ring their bell.The standard 15$ cocktail rule applies here, served by either Bartender A: douche bag or Bartender B: ho-bitch.
4	Red chic decor with images flickering over glass bottles. Our waitress was friendly. Drinks were delish, we tried the espresso martini and the mixology award winning pomegranate martini with flavored ice cubes. A great place to hang out before/ after shows.Prices for martinis are about $12-$14. Not cheap but pretty normal for lounges like this
1	Disclaimer- I never actually set foot in Rouge...and this would be why:I spent my dirtieth thirtieth birthday in Vegas with Hubby and the fam. A cocktail waitress at the MGM Pool suggested we go to Rouge for a D.J. competition featuring D.J. Skribble and NINE other DJs. Sounded cool.  At midnight, my parents went to bed so Hubby and I roll to Rouge to find that the place is EMPTY. Crickets, people.So- I just find it weird that a party starting at 9:00 PM, featuring 10 DJs would end at midnight...I'm just sayin'.
4	Cool lounge, pricey drinks, great vibe, and interesting music.  Great place to go while you are plotting the start of your evening or waiting for your dinner reservation.  Lots of fruity drinks.  I went with the Rouge with Stoli Blueberry, Pomegranate liquor and flavored ice cubes.  I also tried the Citroen Fix with citroen vodka, watermelon juice, and cointreau.  I liked both drinks.  They were strong and tasty.  Keep the drinks comin'!!
2	I dragged my sister here on our b-day bar crawl because I wanted to try their signature cocktails with flavored ice cubes. Well it turns out that it was one signature cocktail. $14 for a TINY cocktail. I felt so cheated. The decorations are nice, the server was friendly even if it took an eternity to get served. Overall, I would have been better off going to the Centrifuge right by the Lion habitat, at least then I could've gotten a free show watching the bartender and waitresses dance.
2	No, thanks.  Vinyl diner decor, bartenders who seem annoyed at serving you, and a closing time of 12 am on a Friday.  I'm sorry, did I somehow *leave* Vegas and not even know it?
4	Only came here to try their famous Rouge Cocktail with the Pomegranate Ice Cubes.  That was a very delicious drink!  There isn't really much to say about my experience here since I came in early on a Wednesday night, but it's a very cozy spot.
3	Meh. This place was okay. Beautiful decor, lots of red and a trippy wall of bottles with light effects. My travel companion went to bed early, so I got to use two of the free drink coupons that they give you when you check into the MGM Grand, and got three drinks for the price of one, which was nice. All of the drinks were strong and tasty -- I got a lemon drop, a French 75 martini, and I can't remember the last one (big surprise). The music was good, loud without being obnoxious, but holy crap was this place crowded. Demographic: 20somethings and 30somethings. I was there for my 21st birthday, so I felt comfortable. I started out wedged into the corner, figured out that service was NOT going to happen if I was hidden back there and bellied up to the bar to wait for a seat. I finally got one, but I also got a lot of other girls giving me "hurt puppy" eyes and making whiny requests ("My friend and I want to sit together, pleeeeeease will you move?"). Jeez. A little entitled, much? Not trying to be a bitch, hon, but I had just as hard of a time finding seating as you did *shrugs*.Anyway, the clubbing crowd was gone by midnight. Once that happens, Rouge is a classy bar to relax and end the night in.
5	Wow. Beautiful decor and waitresses, love their outfits! They were very friendly and accommodating as well. The drinks were strong and tasty, and I love the lounge feeling and it was pretty quiet even though its in the middle of the MGM action.
2	Didn't love this place. The service was stiff and unfriendly. I ordered a glass of Pinot Noir and it was fair, yet it cost me over $15, ouch. Yes, I know this is a resort and the costs are higher, but at least make it a decent Pinot. The other 3 I was with were unhappy too. The server never came back to see if we wanted another glass, if we needed anything else, or to thank us. The place wasn't even that crowded, it was a Wednesday. Skip Rouge and find somewhere else.
3	3.5 stars.It's modern, quiet, and has good scotch.  The referee themed waitstaff is an interesting touch, with white and black striped shirts and skirts.Couches are quiet and comfy.  And Macallan 25 is wonderful.  :)
4	Very easy on the eyes with regards to the decour and the waitresses... There is a lot of room, and the staff is working it... Nobody is wasting time and its always packed.. This is my favorite in the MGM.
3	Really cool looking location, love the red theme... feels fun, sadly the staff don't look the part (sure they waitresses are dressed up, etc. but they all look expressionless and bored out of their minds).  We have been here quite a bit after conventions, or while waiting for folks for dinner or other activities and it's a fun/cool place to hang out right up until the point you realize the service sucks, the drinks are only mixed okay and not outstanding.  But if staying at the MGM the location is great especially if your in town for a convention where it becomes an easy meet up spot.The music is cool and as others noted is loud but isn't overly obnoxious.  Other downsides are that it's usually packed, it has odd hours (opens late, closes early).
2	If I was at MGM, bored, feeling rapisty, and wanted to drug a girl's drink and haul her away to my baller-ass Skyloft, I'd come to Rouge. I don't know why, but it seems like the perfect spot for it. In fact, I feel like it almost encourages it. The whole place just screams of rufies. Also, the drinks are overpriced. Also, I'd have nowhere to use my rufies because it always seems to be only dudes sitting in this place. Maybe if I really wanted to rufie a dude just for the fuck of it... I don't know...
2	The girlfriend and I needed to kill an hour before the doors opened for the Vegas Uncork'd After Hours at Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak event.  Rather than hit a blackjack table, we stepped into Rouge for a drink.  Rouge occupies a circular-shaped space decked out in red.  The two cocktail waitresses were garbed in what appeared to me to be a weird cross between a Catholic schoolgirl and a French maid outfit.  Can you say, fetish overload?  It wasn't very crowded on this particular Thursday night at 9:30 with the few patrons divided evenly by those sitting at the bar and those sitting at a table.  Sadly, Rouge doesn't offer a cocktail list...its mixology range being a choice of one liquor + a mixer + ice...repeat as necessary.  That said, the bartender was personable and got me the beer I asked and made my girlfriend's drink without error.  After our one drink, we moved on...our hour successfully killed.In blackjack terms, Rouge is like getting dealt a "16".
4	I received a $50 free drink voucher at check in and decided to use it at Rouge with 3 of my closest friends. Expensive of course (it's Vegas), but the drinks were quite delicious. My friend and I had the Espresso martinis. Yum! My boyfriend had the Jack Daniels Honey and ginger ale. Also yum! My friend Katy ordered her usual mojito, but it was seriously lacking in the alcohol department. C'mon... for $13 you'd think there'd be some serious alcohol in it. The ambiance is nice: red furniture and decor, dark, not too smoky, sexy cocktail waitresses and a pretty young and stylish crowd. It's a bit loud, however, being located in the center of the casino of the MGM Grand.
3	The waitresses all needed to seriously think about eating a cheeseburger.  Look ladies, it is ok to weigh a little more than your clothes so that the wind cannot blow you away.The rum & cokes were on sale so I was a little buzzed.  Great people watching here and got to meet a few locals that were perplexed (temporarily) when I pretended to only speak German.  Oh well.  A fun place.
5	Here's what I remember:-The bartender and barback were very sweet and fast-The customers were really fun, and some Italian guy, that I'm pretty sure is a member of the mob, shared his cigar with me-It is a beautiful space, and very clean-The piano player was awesome, and when we tipped him, he played all our requests-My friend left her very expensive shoes behind somehow, and they found them and kept them behind the bar for us-STRONG DRINKSThis is the hodgepodge of memories I have from Rouge.  I think that alone deserves five stars.
3	We came here for a few drinks one night before heading to dinner.  My biggest complaint is that there is no smoking section, and people were smoking everywhere, we couldn't get away from it.  Other than that, the drinks were good, the service was good, the chairs were nice.  But the smoking was killing me!
3	Fun but loud. Spendy drinks, but hot servers. You get a wide mix of music while they are tied to Rock & Roll Fantasy Camp, the good, the bad, and the fugly.Bottom line I'll go back just to see server Alicia!
3	During the RE/MAX R4 convention in late February, we'd meet here to network with other RE/MAX associates.  Not much to say ... atmosphere is nice, drinks are good (especially if someone else is buying!) and I could stumble back up to my room to do it all over again the next day.  Got really crowded each night with limited seating .. not sure if it's always that way or just because we crazy Realtors were in town.  LOL.
3	Your typical overpriced Vegas bar. The servers are attentive and nice, and the bar itself is pretty and fun to sit in. It's a good place to kill time if you're waiting for a table at a restaurant, etc., but be prepared to pay $11 for the most basic of cocktails.
3	I was there on a Tuesday night.  It was really dead.  Looks really cool inside though.  If you wear all red you can hide from cops (which is nice).
4	I returned to Rouge after a many year hiatus. They stopped the "Mint Mondays" promotion years ago, which I attended quite a few times. The bar was pretty dead and they had too many bartenders for the sparse crowd. The two I spoke with were friendly and when I mentioned Mint Mondays, they thought that would be a good thing to bring back. I agree! There are always crowds wandering the casino areas of the MGM, and this bar should have ben busier even on a Monday!The drink menu has quite a few yummy options and the decor behind the bar is very cool!Bring back Mint Mondays!
3	My wife and I were at Rouge on a Saturday night at 7:30 before a show. The place is smack in the middle of MGM, and is very chic and trendy.... or whatever the antonym of "divey" is. It was not very crowded, but since Vegas doesn't really get moving  until after 11 PM, I was not all that surprised. I had an issue with using a comp I had here which they were not able to resolve, but they dealt with it in a friendly manner so didn't ding them for this in the overall review. I'm giving them a three, only because I generally prefer paying less than $6 for my bud lights. But maybe one day when I'm rich and famous and running out of places to spend my money I'll be back. Until then, I'll just get my drinks free at the one armed bandits.
4	Rouge is a lounge bar located in the MGM.My sister had I had afternoon drinks here on a Saturday to chat and gossip as sisters do. Besides us, there were about 6 other people, including the bartender and server. We had our choice of seats and the server's undivided attention...exactly the way how any lounge and/or bar should be lol. My sister ordered a beer and I ordered Tito's Kinky Martini, a "playful combination of exotic fruit which includes mango, blood orange, and passion fruit, combined with Tito's Handmade Vodka, freshly squeezed lemon juice and a splash of simple syrup." The drink was good AND STRONG. Thanks Mr. Bartender! :)
1	We are fans of novel cocktails and new mixology and stopped in to try some of their drinks. We arrived and the atmosphere was fun, comfortable seats. We ordered two cherry limeade martinis looking forward to a refreshing beverage. What was sent out though was two highball glasses filled with ice and lime juice and soda. There wasn't even a cherry flavor. Usually martinis are served up unless asked for otherwise and are a stronger beverage because they are 10 oz. rather than 6 or 8 of other drinks. We left unsatisfied and with a $36 bill including tip.
1	I came here because I had a vegas rewards comp for a free drink. The value was up to $12 and my drink was $14.50.  They comped my husband's $6.50 beer instead....cheap!So was the drink worth $14.50? It was a cherry limeade and horrible!  I had my sister try it and she agreed...terrible. I took it outside onto the casino floor, asked for a vodka cranberry and added that to my drink and it was salvageable.
1	Worst service ever on a slow night. I'm in here now and the old bartenders are too busy staring down the cocktails tops that it took 20 min just to get service. Maybe if they focused on their jobs and not the girls drinks would get made faster.
2	In french, Rouge means red, and in America red means WARNING, STOP!!!There are *RARELY* any bars that I would not return to, and I stress rarely because this is the only one! First of all, nix purchasing the MyVegas comp for Rouge, they'll make you jump through hoops before honoring it. Although the bartender sympathised for me as I kept going back and forth from the MLife desk to the bar to clear things and knocked a dollar off my drink, he was NOT nice, and seemed to condescend me even being there. So let's talk about my drink. When I asked for a menu the bartender tells me, "Why would you want to look at it, everything is over your $12 comp." I was planning on paying the difference for the DOLLAR extra for the drink I wanted, which he decided to nix, but it was still very rude of him. I ordered "Tito's Kinky Martini" which was really just "Tito's Kinky Juice." No alcohol whatsoever. It was still a good juice though, I"ll give it that!The place is DEAD. I was here at 10:30pm on a FRIDAY, and there were less than a handful of people. The waitresses looked bored out of their minds and were slouching against the bar. Is this the place that promotes "Sophisticated Model Servers?" I think not! The costumes they wore were even cheaper, a polyester blend that can be found at any discount fashion store in the 'hood. There was nothing classy or refined about this place. The carpet was mottled with stains, the wood counters marred and spotted with god-knows-what. MGM has fifty other bars you can check out, so why don't they just close this one down? No redeeming qualities whatsoever...
2	Well.... We were a little disappointed. We were promised that we could get away with buying one drink and using the using the hookah discount. However, they automatically charged us with two drinks with a new waiter. Well played, sir, well played.
2	Z the bar tender is a dutche.  I was playing 5 dollar hands and he would only comp half of my drinks.  According to rules he should have comped all plus tip..
4	It's a bar inside a casino.   I think we know what that's like.   Every time I have stopped there, the service has been good and the drinks are standard bar drinks.   It's a chill place to relax a little while you're still inside the casino.   And it's a great place to people watch.
