5	Let me fill you in on a little secret...her name is Jolina and she is a hair miracle worker!!I have been seeing Jolina for the past 7 years.  When I first came to her, I had a head of hair that could best be described as dull, limp and drier than the Sahara desert!  Jolina was patient with my hot-mess of hair, and quickly worked her magic.She has manged to give me the shiniest and healthiest head of hair.  She has such an intuitive style and seems to know what I want without me having to explain too much.  Her coloring technique is superb...I have everyone fooled that I even get my hair colored (surprise! I have gray hair...but you wouldn't know it! Shhhh!).  A few things I absolutely adore about Jolina:1) she is a MASTER colorist - this woman knows her color, and is able to give me the exact same custom mixed color every single time...without having it written down!! 2) she uses the best products that produce optimal results with the least damage to your hair. 3) she always has her finger on the pulse of the latest trends in hair. If it's hot right now, she not only knows it, but she's already been doing it!4) she's so much fun - she makes you feel so comfortable and cared for - she's the Auntie you always wanted =)Lucky for me, Jolina comes to the Bay Area once a month to see her fans here (I say fans because we seriously all love her and cannot live without her!).  I do not trust my hair to anyone else, nor would I ever consider anyone else touching my hair.Do yourself a favor and let Jolina work her magic on your hot mess of hair...you'll look fabulous, I promise!
5	Some people might think you'd be crazy to plan trips or events around a monthly visit from your hairstylist, but those people have never had their hair done by Jolina! There's something magical in the work that she does and I've never met another stylist who I would dare trust with color or complete style change (even then, I'd have to be pretty desparate for a trim to go to anyone else). One of the best things about Jolina is that she's always familiar with the latest trends, fashions and techniques--I can simply show up to my appointment and put my full trust in whatever she wants to do. How could I not? It always ends up looking fabulous!
5	Jolina...what would I do with my hair without her? My hair is really fine and lifeless but ever since I met her, she has done wonders with my hair..I now have style and highlights. She knows her craft really well and is honest with her dealings. I have been a regular customer since 2010. I wish I had known her sooner.
5	I have trusted Jolina with my hair for over five years and I've never regretted the decision. When I started seeing Jolina, she was able to transform my look from boring and dated to stylish and professional in just one visit. I trust her completely and as she gets to know you as a customer, you can sit in her chair with little to no input (if you're unsure of what to do) and leave the salon looking and feeling confident with your cut and color. She does excellent hair cuts and her color/highlights are amazing! I never got many compliments on my hair until after being her client. If you are looking for a new hairstylist, look no further than Jolina.
5	Jolina has been my hairstylist for over 5 years now and I do not trust anyone else with my hair. She knows exactly what will look good on you and what won't. She only uses high end products that will benefit your hair instead of damaging it. You won't regret getting your styled by her. She's amazing!
5	I recently relocated here with thick, coarse, white hair.  I read the reviews on Jolina in Yelp and decided to jump in and make an appointment.  I appreciate her honesty and I have been open to her suggestions.  I am now getting compliments from family members and girlfriends!  On top of all this, I no longer have that white line slowly creeping up as my hair grew out.  I thank the lucky stars and angels who led me to Jolina!
