1	Expect to wait for a really long time in the drive-thru, especially at night.
2	As with most fast food joints, this McDonalds is hit or miss.  I'd say about half the time I get out with exactly what I ordered and no strange encounters.  The most common problem I've had here is getting sauce for my nuggets.  They usually ask when I'm ordering, but I've learned to double check when I get my bag anyway.  Once, they distracted me from checking for sauce by failing to give me a straw.  I got my straw, forgot the sauce.  On one visit, the girl at the second window made it through our entire exchange without actually speaking to me or looking at me.The food is consistently typical McDonalds food, which isn't good, but it's what I go to get.  The line tends to move quick with the double ordering lines.  The location couldn't be more convenient to my house, which is probably not a good thing.  Overall, it is exactly what I expect and I know the subsequent stomach ache is my own fault.
4	Service and tried and true menu is always just good. Crazy corner location is sometimes dufficult to navigate.
1	The only reason they have my business is because I'm along for the ride already. Can't say they haven't messed up my order in some sort of way. Those things including simple tasks like reading the order back, checking for all the items & even correct greetings. I know you can, I would like you to and make your money.
1	So I dropped in for a quick lunch and a soda the other day with a friend of mine.  We just wanted something small.  So I ordered two chicken sandwiches and two cokes.  The girl said something that was not understandable and I said, " What?  Say again?"  -- she said something garbled again.  I really hate those establishments that hire people who cannot speak English.  I finally figured out she was saying "do you want fries with that?".  So I said fries with only one of them.  So she rang me up and pointed to the cash register readout that said $8.68.  So I paid.When they called my number, I got one sandwich, one small fries, and two small drinks.  I said that I ordered two sandwiches which the girl could not understand again.  So she had to call the Manager over and he told me that my order was for only one sandwich.  So I said, "$8.68 for one small sandwich (not even a premium sandwich), small fries, and small coke?".  So to get the other sandwich they charged me $4.90.  WTF??? Almost $14 for our snack/lunch?  Not only another example where you are better off going for a real lunch at places where you can get a lunch special for $5.99 or $6.99, and get good table service, and they have employees who can speak and comprehend the English language.  And even for fast food restaurants, JIB is better, cheaper, and higher in quality.I normally do not frequent MacDonalds because I always thought they sucked.  But this place was convenient to my cause the other day, but I will now never go back again.
1	Wow. Unbelievably disgusting customer service. I don't expect much except general courtesy and professionalism from any fast food place- and we received LESS than that today from Elizabeth Hernandez. She was disrespectful and absolutely unprofessional when I declined to donate a dollar to their fundraiser for kids. She said 'um okay well, it helps kids' while giving me a sideways look! I said I don't need you to belittle me because I don't donate to this cause, I help children every single day. And she replied, 'ya okay' and rolled her eyes at me! I cannot believe that. I will be taking it a step further and contacting corporate regarding her lack of customer service skills.... I'm pretty sure they don't want people representing them that way.
1	So mad when I get home with my order and it's wrong and what they gave me is cold. Waited in line for about 20 min. Got to the front and I asked what was taking so long. The kid at the window replied that they got their order wrong. My question is then why wasn't that car asked to pull ahead so the rest if us could get out of there. My next question is what moron puts plain mayo on a filet o fish. My third question is why don't they answer their F-ing phone. Grrrrrr
4	The drive-thru is pretty bad. Don't get the inside lane if there are lots of cars...one time at about 915pm they decided to stop taking orders w/o letting us know...the outside lane was moving fine. Plus, outside lane cars will block you in. Also, don't order a hot fudge sundae in drive-thru...they will give u chocolate sauce instead and hope u don't notice or say anything.  Blech. And they tend to get confused and get your order wrong. Going inside is much better. The playplace is painted with really interesting AZ desert paintings with lizards, snakes, geckos, etc enjoying McD's fare. 4 stars for inside...had to take 1 away for the bad multiple drive-thru experiences we have had.
