5	Pretty good.  Very pleasant demeanor.  Great story teller through the use of illusions.  Enjoyed it very, very much.
5	I have been to a few magic shows in Las Vegas, specifically this and Lance Burton.  While I find that Lance is an excellent magician, with such a large theater he performs in it feels very inpersonal.In Steve Wyrick's theater, however, the furthest seat away is still closer than the first ten rows of Lance Burton's theater.  This gives you a much more personal feeling when you watch this show.Steve is a little goofy but very entertaining.  Many of the tricks can be simple and some he makes a mistake on (or his set does) and you can see what happens, but this is a little more fun in a way.  I have taken my son with me four times and three of those times Steve has asked him to join him on stage for a little fishing expedition that is very cute and has the crowed "ahhing" and laughing at both Steve's antics and the innosense of the child he chooses.The larger tricks are loud and filled with some sense of drama, while others have a personal feel that Steve has developed with the audience through his explanations of why he does magic and how he got started.Show up early as they don't necessarily seat you where your ticket says; they may choose to give you a better seat if you are first in line.  The photographers are at every show in Vegas, just smile and let them take it and don't buy it if you don't want it.  The best part is that Steve will come out after the show and let you take his picture with you and your family after signing his autograph and talking with you.  That's not something you see at other magic shows.
4	Who is Steve Wyrick? He's apparently popular enough that he gets his own theater, that's who he is!  Apparently he was featured on "The World's Greatest Magic" series on NBC in the 1990s.  And during his show, he mentioned that he's currently involved in another TV project that has him flying back and forth from Las Vegas to Los Angeles. Walking through the Miracle Mile Shops at the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino, you can't help but pass by his the entertainment complex.  Triq Nightclub occupies the first level and you'll see smooth-looking bartenders manning the bar.They'll have you take pictures against a green backdrop before you enter, so smile and look pretty.  Those photos will be available for sale after the show.Steve Wyrick is definitely a pretty boy with his own story of growing up and loving magic.  He'll transport you back to his childhood and invite audience participation.  (Women - bring your rings to this event!)  The best part, bring a small child with you because they might get to be part of the show!The theater is quite intimate, which is a nice change.  However, his illusions involve some pretty big props, maybe too big for such a small show.  There is his personal touch though and he does attempt to make the show one continuous storyline.The backup dancers are pretty cheesy and even a bit risqu for this audience full of families.General reserved seating: $69.95Premium seating: $91.95, includes preferred seating, VIP Lanyard with front of the line privileges, free book of magic tricks, and a discount coupon for the Steve Wyrick Magic ShoppeShows are nightly at 7 pm and 9 pm, dark on Fridays.3.5 stars
4	I thought his tricks were better than Penn and Teller's although they were trying to be funny..Steve was a bit more on the unintentional comedy level.  I don't want spoil it for anyone that hasn't seen it but I did enjoy the show and would take friends again (w/ free tickets).  I also thought the dancers were kinda lame.My wife and I were impressed w/ the production of this show seeing as most shows at PH are on a shoestring budget.
2	I feel bad about giving him 2 stars but the show really wasn't that great.If he had a bigger venue - with a bigger budget - maybe that would enhance the show.The dancers were offbeat and lethargic. They had the ex-stripper look. The ushers immediately moved our party to the 2nd row on the left - to which we could see nothing - so we went back to our original seats - all before curtains up of course.The show started late which was unacceptable for me. But after being lied to about it being a sold out show and despite allowing people to be seated while the show began - the 3 rows in front of us were completely empty. The ushers kept walking back and forth in front of us during the show and it was very distracting. I couldn't believe how unprofessional they were.The magic was duddy and easily figured out. My family was wow'd. I wasn't.I still feel really bad for giving Steve such a negative review but there was 6 of us and at $70/seat the show just wasn't worth the money. Sad face.
4	So i came into this thinking he was a prick because that was what i was told. But after meeting him (he's not tall at all) what a cool guy and he dresses well. :) (yes those chocolates were the perfect bribe Steve!)Ahem. When i got there i was ofterred to move closer, but declined the theatre isn't big. I sat next to the sound booth which was perfect. The show has it's cheezy moments and are similiar to um, the way that lance burton carries himself. but Steve is hipper, sorry lance.THe bike, the bling, the fish and the girls on the stage were awesome and the old card trick with the story wasn't bad. I hate when people knock good card tricks. I don't see you doing em. :) After the show you can meet him. And buy all things with his name on it. I don't care for it. But not bad.
3	My SO and I sat through one of the worst time share presentations ever so that we could cop a free show and dinner during our "wanna getaway" last minute trip to Vegas. We elected to see the Steve Wyrick: Real Magic show at the Planet Hollywood (I thought that franchise had gone the way of the dinosaur, but whatever). Overall, I thought the show was enjoyable, particularly given the price point (either free or equivalent to three hours of my life I'll never get back). Steve has his own theater in the Miracle Mile area of the casino, and every seat seems like a good one. It's a small theater. The show did not start on time, which was OK, because my SO was late coming from the concession area anyway. I don't think I'll go into minute detail about the show (because why would you want to see the show then), other than to say that I liked the way he wove a story line throughout the show, and I actually thought that his "real magic" illusions were better for the most part than the flashier "big scale" illusions. I also really enjoyed his moments of improv, as they made the show come alive. Starting at $69, it is an expensive show (what isn't in Vegas though), but I recommend it if you like magic shows, and I really recommend it if you can get half price tickets for the show. I'd give this 3.5 stars, actually.
4	If you are looking to see a magician who is family oriented and very personable, this is the show you should see. All of his magic tricks are entertaining, but not a lot of what I would call "WOW, how did he do that?" Steve involves the audience significantly during the show in asking for volunteers and involving them in his magic tricks. This tends to be the most comedic part of the show in watching everybody's reactions. We purchased our tickets from Tix 4 Tonight, which offered two different sets of tickets: Premium & General Admission, premium were $10 more. They said that the Premium tickets were closer to the stage and that was the only difference, so we opted for these.I visited the website for Steve Wyrick and found out that the Premium tickets included: a VIP lanyard, a magic book and a $10 coupon to the Steve Wyrick magic shop. When we exchanged our tickets at the Steve Wyrick box office, the person working there neglected to give us all the above until I mentioned it. After the show, Steve Wyrick will meet everyone, autograph your ticket stub, as well as, pose for a photo. The VIP lanyard will allow you access to a separate line, so you'll get to meet him first.TIP: Prior to being seated they will take your picture against a green screen and offer it to you for sale after the show. However, before you decide to purchase that picture, ask them to take your picture with Steve, you can purchase that photo instead. They will allow you to use your own camera, so you aren't under any obligation to buy their photo.
3	The Steve Wyrick theater is located in the middle of the Miracle Mile Shops at the Planet Hollywood, therefore, you're expected to walk quite a distance from the entrance of the mall or casino.The performance space was intimate, where you'll get a good view no matter where you're seated. Wyrick was very personable, and he involved audiences into his performances, although, the entire show was lacking a bit of the Wow factor, nevertheless, it was an entertaining and family oriented show.We've got our tickets through Tix4Tonight, and paid $43 for premium seating. Over all it was a good experience.
4	I really enjoyed this show.  There's some old-fashioned magic tricks (sawing a lady in half), some street magic (linking women's wedding rings and a card trick called the "654 Club" which I found really impressive) and some spectacular high-profile illusions (making a lear jet appear on stage, making himself on his motorcycle disappear and reappear behind everyone).  All in all the tricks are quite good.  The theater is small so it's very intimate, and Steve is very personable and interactive with the crowd.  Nothing was raunchy or racy, so feel free to bring the kids.  And the price is pretty reasonable considering some of the high-priced alternatives on the Strip.  The show is entertaining and good value, and I would definitely recommend it.
5	THE +'s: steve! he's funny, he's genuine, he's charming, he adds just the right bit of snark into the routine. loved his interactions with the audience. also loved how he weaves the tricks into storylines. the theater was small and gave the whole performance a good, cozy feeling even during the big tricks (airplane appear on stage? no problem!). THE -'s: i ain't got no complaints.SUM: i love magic even when i can figure how it's done. just don't be a bad performer. steve's not a bad performer. he's so good he makes it look like he's talking to you and not running a routine. not all stage shows are created equal. show's PG so it's safe for the family. tickets are not too pricey either. since it's at the miracle mile shops, you can get your grub on before or after.
3	We got the tickets at Tix4Tonight for $33, which I feel was a great price for the show.  I loved that it was family friendly.  Steve was very personable and entertaining.  The room was cozy and the sets elaborate.  My quibbles have more to do with magic shows themselves rather than Steve's show.  When a trick is more a matter of engineering or physics, than illusions, its just not that impressive to me.  And finally the show Arrested Development has ruined any magician act I will ever see.  Anyone who has seen the show will know what I am talking about.
4	after the long trek through miracle mile, only to be sent in circles by the many information booth attendants scattered throughout... we finally made it to steve wyrick's box office. my boyfriend and i had purchased tickets at fashion show's half price ticket counter earlier that day on suggestion from his sister who was a local and frequently views the strips shows.to be honest i was not expecting much. cmon on it's a typical magic show in vegas... nothing we all havn't seen before right? wrong! from start to finish, his performance was enticing! full of story line along with audience interaction. there was nothing typical about this show what so ever. i won't give away any spoilers, but i will admit i was impressed by many of his tricks. even the simplest ones had me at the edge of my seat!for a strip show, steve wyrick's seems to be underrated. don't let the more affordable ticket fool you. it's worth every penny if not more! it's not just magic, but a story and purpose behind what he does which made it entertaining to watch.the auditorium is a good size for a more intimate viewing. i enjoyed the layout, just with they wouldn't blast the ac up so high!
5	This was our third magic show we went to see while in Vegas and my boyfriend and I thought it was the best!We didn't know that you could have your photo's signed by him, otherwise we would have got our pics taken in the beginning. Something to think about if you want a nice souvenir.We got seats in the middle section near the last few rows, which gave us a great view of the stage plus he walks round alot too.Bought  tickets from the discout ticket place next to dennys (can't remember casino name - casino royale perhaps?) on the day of the show. Great show regardless of your age, he's also very good interacting with the audience.
4	His magic show has a story from start to finish. A magic show that has  audience interaction.  That's cool for a magic show. He also has some close up magic that I have not seen at the other magic shows in town. The other magicians in Vegas kind of stay away from the close up stuff. Got my tickets from tix4tonight, which made it half price. It was good everyone in my group of 6 liked it. But at the same time I don't know if we would have liked it that much if we paid full price.
