5	A little disclaimer before I start.  I used to work with one of the owners of this company before.  I worked at a furniture store in Scottsdale for a while and we recommended them to customers who wanted to get rid of the furniture they had.  We never received one complain about them and often I heard from customers how great they were.  As to Matt (one of the owners) I can say he is by far one of the most honest individuals that I have ever met.  I have nothing but great things to say about him and I am sure that most people who have dealt with him feel the same way.
5	The Junk Guys were awesome. I had a home remodel to complete in two weeks - this included demolition of a kitchen and two bathrooms. I initially was going to get a dumpster and have it picked up a week later. After doing some research, it was much less expensive to use The Junk Guys. I liked that they were a locally based company, and I really enjoyed that I didn't have to have a dumpster parked in front of the house for a week, nor did I have to load it myself! After two separate trips (kitchen cabinets, old counters, sheet vinyl, remnants of two gutted bathrooms), the cost was still well below what other companies were charging for a small dumpster or one load hauled away.They were professional, personable, and punctual. Highly recommended!
5	Let's face it, junk is the antithesis of glamorous.  When you've got a big pile of crap you need hauled away, any guy with a truck will do, right?WRONG.  You want someone that will be on time, is willing to clean up the area where the junk is after they've picked everything up, is polite and fluent in English, thinks of value-added services like emptying your trash bin, and represents a local business that you can patronize.Junk Guys ticked all these boxes for me.  THe guys were great and helped me out when I needed some items hauled away from a house that I had sold.  I'd highly recommend them over an unknown entity or a big corporate junk removal company.  So go get your crap hauled away by the Junk Guys - you'll thank me!
5	Not only did they do a great job but they were super friendly too. Awesome group to work with.
5	I found the Junk Guys on google, looked at their very clear website and booked my desired appoint right there on the website.  It was two minutes later that I recieved a confirmation phone call.  What SERVICE!!!I was in a bind and I loved how the crew came and gave me a no obligation offer.  The offer was fair and the work was perfect.  They even swept up the garage before they left!Thanks to the Junk Guys, they made my bad situation (a death in the family) bearable.
5	My call for information was returned same day.  I had to re-schedule twice and I got kindness,  patience and cooperation from the owner!The crew gave me a 15 minute update phone call that they were on their way.  Showed up on time and ready to work.  They were efficient, polite, and very focused.These guys went out of their way to save me from having to schedule them to come back and waded thru the unexpected Irrigation water in the backyard to get to the last pile I had stacked up at the back of the property.  My Heroes.
5	Before you even finish reading this, PICK UP THE PHONE and call if you need this service. They gave excellent and super speedy communication. It was all about what they "CAN" do, not what they couldn't. This move I've been in the middle of has been one hassle after another, and I've heard a lot of excuses, but not from this company. On junk p/up day (which by the way was very responsive to my urgent needs), they called to let me know they were about 5 minutes out. They were not only on time, but they were a little early to boot. They arrived, discussed price, loaded up, and were on their way. I had appliances, trash, and odds/ends to have hauled away, and they loaded the truck in a way to make sure to get maximum use of the space. They were friendly, yet focused. I will recommend them to all I know who need this service!
5	These guys were very prompt and professional, priced right and got me out of a jam. Highly recommend!
