4	Marc's can be one star or 5 depending on the night.  It is one of my go-to bars so I decided to give it the benefit of 4 stars. Don't get me wrong I love this place. How can you go wrong with Karaoke 7 days a week? There is also a seperate side for hip hop music and dancing. They have a stage so that you can have the full rockstar experience though most people don't use it so it is by no means necessary. Drinks are strong and cheap. The seats are comfortable and loungy. The singing....depends on the crowd. The crowd changes a lot night to night despite the high doses of regulars. This tends to really be the downside...some night you get the hard rock cut up metallica t shirt crowd. metallica is ok but not much of a karaoke choice...then again if you are into it all power to you.The restoom on the Karaoke side is Ally McBealled, meaning unisex which is always a fun way to make friends. You can generally mix your crowd with another. Quite the social anamole. Based on friends reactions this place is not for everyone..but if it isn't you are uppity. ahem.
3	Im sorry, I cant really say too much about the bar. It was, well, a bar. I felt the need to review the epic performance that took place this evening. Nathan put on a truly stunning karaoke display. His opening number was good if not great, Twist and Shout... complete with the Ferris Beuler treatment. It was clear at this point that Nathan had the show after the first set. After some discussion and careful planning it was set... Nathan was going to bust out the Big Dawg for the second set. Now this is the point in the show that an artist has to let everything hang out... To take chances and hope for the best. Its on... Trey Anastasio of Phish once said in an interview that there were 2 artists that he has seen that always had the audience completely locked in and focused on what was going on, on stage. These 2 artists were Frank Zappa and Jerry Garcia. Trey has obviously never seen Nathan Simpson perform Lets Get it On. Some like to call this the human magnet others just like to call this EPIC! After a miscue on the opening line, Nathan rebounded nicely and served up a gem. By mid Getting On, a stage that was occupied by Nathan was now occupied by 4 other people, 3 of which being female and one of which being fucking hot. By the time the last notes were played we all just sat in awe... Thanks Nathan.
4	Love Marc's right side. Doesn't matter which night of the week, I can always find somebody I know. Trish, bartender, is so sexy I want to take her home but she won't let me. Scooby Steve, another bartender, sing so well he might as well be a country singer himself. Most of the people is nice.Not a huge fan of left side (hip hiop side) too dark for me. If you want to go to Marc's and enjoy, try to go with somebody who's been there before, or be ready to make new friends. Never pick a fight with regulars, or you'll have the whole bar against you."I love this bar~" comes to my mind... Who's song was it?
2	This medium size hip-hop / karaoke bar used to be pretty fun when it was Big D's but over the last couple of years has deteriorated rapidly. I am not commenting on the karaoke side of the bar or the weekday traffic as those have always been decent. I do have a serious problem with how the hip-hop side of the bar draws in real riff raff. I have no problem with hip-hop but when someone gets shot in the parking lot at closing time I tend not to return.The patrons on weekends are thuggish. The drinks come at an ok speed. The main side of the bar (hip-hop side) is often a bit over crowded. This bar has no business charging a cover fee it is not even close to nice enough for that.
2	Do you want to die shortly after being slapped in the face with a cover charge that shouldn't be charged and then having your girlfriend gang raped on the dance floor?It receives two stars simply because I used to like the place.  Pool, good music, dancing, reasonable drink prices.  But, after a couple of tense situations, witnessing fights on a near weekly basis, and a parking lot shooting....I'll pass these days.I don't do karaoke so that side of the establishment might be okay.
4	This place is a decent dive bar with a split personality. I went to meet a dozen friends from grad school last Monday, and we pretty much owned the karaoke stage. The bar, though, was split between a small karaoke room and a more divey themed room next door. The place looks like it was originally a karaoke bar that expanded. We'd definitely return.
1	Last night in an attempt to go forth and have a fun night with friends we visited this place...and now we never will again.The music was loud enough that we could barely speak to each other and place looked divey, but we were going to try it anyway.After going to the bathroom whose stall door looked like it was kicked in several times and barely hanging on. The awkward unisex bathroom has only two stalls and wasn't very clean. (Which indeed matched the rest of the place.) The bar chairs and tables looked like patio furniture that desperately needs replace. The karaoke books are cheap plastic slips in binders and also need replaced, as they look like they've had better days. The service was awful, it took forever to get some service, (I'm guessing this place is a go up to the bar and order) The bartender was rude and talked over us without listening much. The place was also dead, not including us there was about 8 people there.This dive has definitely dove and we'll be spending our money where upkeep is more of priority.
3	A two-in-one dive bar: One side for dancing, and the other for karaoke. The dance floor is pretty big, and I like the giant Captain Morgan statue in the corner. I wanna pose with it!In any case, the prices are reasonable, except for all beers costing the same. Explain to me why a 24 oz. mug of Blue Moon and PBR cost the same. Go figure.In any case, it apparently turns into some sort of Hip Hop club on Fridays. The bartender warned me that's not a fun night to go, so I'll probably stick to this place during week nights. I'll be back to tell you about the appetizers!
4	Incredible wings that are always at a decent price, but even better on Saturdays when they are 35 cents each! You have to order in 10, 15, 25, 50 and 100 pcs. This place is very dive-y, but not overly localized meaning its a good crowd if you are doing with dive bars. The bartenders are down to earth, real people, and its a great place to just kick it.BTW, they have free wifi, so you can be sure to catch me there sipping a 20oz brewski slapping away at my computer.
1	G-H-E-T-T-O!!!! They charge $5 on Fridays but the DJ didn't start until after 11:30pm and only had a jukebox!!!....they refused to serve tap water and we were told "the owner said we can only serve bottled water"....three people ordered and none received silverware....an alcoholic drink took so long my friend forgot she ordered it.....they refused to provide a receipt and stated "we don't give them out"....the crowd looked ROUGH....this place is a mess for Friday nights.
4	Total dive bar with the best wings around! Although I think the dining room needs a makeover the food and service are excellent. Great prices and friendly staff keep me coming back for more.
1	I have been to this establishment twice now on a Friday. Let me start by saying that if you are at all in any way shape or form prejudice or racist this is not the establishment for you!!! It is an extremely diverse crowd. So if you are close minded and ignorant go somewhere else. Secondly, the first time my boyfriend and I went we had a good time, but after last night I don't know if I'll be going back. I had a tab at the karaoke bar and I was extremely disappointed in the bar tenders service. He was rude, disrespectful and unaccommodating. The rotation for the karaoke was awful! I waited for quite some time before I was called the first time, and I saw others go multiple times before I was called again. I understand that it's a neighborhood bar and you can't hold it to the standards of a Scottsdale bar, but those types of places should be even more concerned with customer service and satisfaction, because they want to keep repeat customers, and then on top of that they charge a cover! I should have listened to my sister and friends and went to Hurricane Bay. No cover for ladies, & 50 cent drinks! Actually, I am kind of embarrassed I even brought my friends to this place :(
5	Marc's has the best bartenders in Glendale! Love karaoke and feeling like I am hanging out with a bunch of old friends. Best pizza in Arizona!
2	I have been here before, its a bar!  But last night my husband our friends decided to go here have some drinks and a bite to ear.  Our Waitress was NEW! We ordered our drinks and the place wasnt overly full at 9pm.  20 minutes later, our drinks arrived.  We ordered our food.  Nothing special, me Garlic Fries, my husband a small taco salad, our friends a Calzone.  Food was coming out of the kitchen, and I saw my fries at the pass, my husbands Taco Salad also there.  And that is also where they sat for another 40 minutes, until the Calzone was ready. In all it took 75 minutes to get our food.  Needless to say I didnt eat the STONE COLD Garlic Fries.  Also when it came time to get another drink, our waitress was NO WHERE TO BE FOUND.  We had to go to the bar to get out drinks, only to be told, we had to go back to our table and for our waitress to take our order again, that would be fine if we could fnd her.  We decided to move from the Bar area, to the Karaoke side.  Our waitress informed us we would have close our tab, and didnt serve that side.  At that point, that was fine with me.    The waitress had too many stations for someone who was new to handle.  There was a big party there, and they were taking all her time, so she should have given our table to someone else.   Ive been there before, and it wasnt like that at all, but if this is what its like from now on, I wont be going back again.
5	Fumbling through the free Phoenix billiards magazine, I ran across an ad of 5 hot babes. I asked my friend, 'Which one would you WANK to?'....I chose one as well and ran into her lovely presence at Marc's! She even offered me a job... do I have what it takes ?The service was, of course, phenomenal. Happy upbeat atmosphere. Chipper patrons, positive conversations.Me likey here.Fancy chicas. Cheap beer.
1	Yikes! We went last night and some drunk girl hit her car against a big truck and hit the truck in to another car. Then a guy was stabbed in the face in the parkng lot. Buyer beware! The plus side is, the bartender Ron, poured strong,original mixed drinks.  Update to a recent post by someone else, I was there when the police where in your parking lot after the man was stabbed. I was there when the ambulance took him away. I never said the was stabbed in your bar, just your parking lot. It was quite the scene and I felt bad for the guy.
1	If you want to enter the ghetto version of hell on earth then come to this place!  IF you are into (or yourself) ghetto, ratchet, and classless then this is the place for you. If you are into at least a halfway decent crowd then avoid this place like AIDS! The visit to the restrooms will make you feel like you might catch AIDS just from contact with anything in them Nastiest restrooms I have ever seen & I accept the lower standards of bar and club restrooms usually!This place is filled with hot messes, overweight nasty women dressing like they have the bodies of fit models in skirts way too short showing off their unfortunate meat "packages". I'm confident 70% of the patrons have criminal records and 25% have warrants for their arrest. I'm fairly certain that a few dudes were gone on something other than alcohol and/or even a little weed.IF you want crazy men stepping up to you like they would easily snatch you up to rape you if you were alone then here's the place for you.  At times throughout the night I was uncomfortable with my own safety given the men walking around. Guess I'm not use to the ghetto...this place immediately gave me flashbacks of the gutters of Memphis, TN that I had to escape from.The ONLY thing I could give this place is that the DJ played hot songs BUT unfortunately he had a thing for being stuck in the 80's as he scratched the songs way too much which at times disrupted the song and dancing altogether.  The women were messes except for a few and the men could've easily been mistaken for ex-cons or gangstas. I didn't try the food and one other thing, without any forewarning I had to find out that the place had a $15 minimum when using your card....outstanding! This place is definitely the conference hall for the ghetto, crazy, hood, and ex-cons!
3	There's a karaoke side and the other side is your standard bar with pool tables.  The food is ok, but I've had better bar food.  The staff is usually nice.  They also have poker nights which can be fun.  Sometimes the people who hang out there get a little dramatic.  The poker and karaoke crowds all know each other so they have their social issues sometimes.
3	Me and the boyfriend decided to stop by this spot one night for some cheap drinks. This was my boyfriend's go to spot for a cheap drink when he lived in AZ. I already knew it was a dive bar when I pulled up so I'm not going to complain about the ambiance and restrooms... it's a dive bar! It was pretty low key the night we went so I ordered my Tokyo tea and asked the bartender for the gadget thing so we could play the trivia game that shows on the screen. I also ordered the honey hot wings which were surprisingly delicious!! On our way out we peeked in the karaoke room and it looked like people were having a ball! A good no frills spot for cheap drinks and wings!
2	I went there tonight to hear live music. I arrived at 6:50 and ended up leaving by 7:15. I never even saw a waitress. Even though the layout is identical to how I remember it when the space was the Native New Yorker it was kept very dark and had a well worn feel to it. What I heard of the music was top notch. Unfortunately, the sound was absorbed by the wall and the seating...lets just say it was all but impossible to see the band. Can't see the band, can't hear the band well, no service - Thats too many strikes for me. I left without spending a cent in the place. Shame. The band was impressive.
2	I went in tonight for a beer and to take some food home. I sat at the bar for literally around 5 minutes (it felt like 15) without being greeted. The bar tender (a white guy with a beard, wearing a hat backwards, and a bit of a beer belly) actually walked by, and noticed, me 3 times as well. After the second time I said to myself, "okay, if he walks by again and doesn't at least say something like, "hey man, I'll be with you in a minute," then I'm out." The third time he actually grabbed a glass from right in front of me, but said nothing. So I rolled out. That seemed like a very clear message that he wasn't interested in my business.Maybe I'll go back, but a place that hires people that can't be dependable for very simple customer service makes me very weary. If the guy couldn't take 10 seconds to smile and say, "be right with you" can I really trust he's washing his hands after going to the restroom and then making people's drinks? It shows a general lack of concern/respect for the customer. Can't trust it. Especially not when it comes to food and drink.
2	Can be a really fun cool place with the exception of one bartender. I wish I knew her name because she is horrible.  Actually, it was home bar for about 8 of of us  but none want risk her being there so we will wait until she is gone before going back.
3	Yummy big wings! They also are very good on keeping up with drinks And condiments such the extra napkins and plates for our wings when we had joiners to our table.
4	Grilled hot wings are very good. Great service by Steve on Fridays and Saturdays!! He makes the best drinks
4	Marc's is okay. It's hit or miss. It's a dive bar but drinks are good and bartenders are cool and music is good. Check it out for yourself but if you're prissy or snobby, this probably won't be your spot.
2	OMG, they have food here? I had no idea... ... ... GROSS! Ha ha.... Okay- place is divided, bar/ghetto club vibe with hip hop and redneck karaoke room. It's a little fun when they have their jazz jam nights on Tuesdays- some talented musicians come out, but it feels more like a practice session than entertainment, but still fun none the less. Good energy- nice change from the ghetto fabness the area has been sportin' recently... ... maybe historically. I dunno.
