5	Compassionate vets, friendly and knowledgeable staff, and all animals are handled with gentle care. It took me years to find a veterinary hospital I liked as well as this one, and I couldn't be happier. Dr. Bullard worked his heart out to help keep my beloved service dog alive and comfortable during the end stages of terminal disease. I have taken all my animals to this clinic, and always been treated with such respect and warmth. I recommend Dr. Bullard and his associates without reservation.
4	I found a dog and they were able to scan for microchip right away, free, and even contacted the owner and had him call me to pick up his lost dog. Very friendly, clean and helpful. Also open later than most places (8pm on weekdays)
5	Love this vets office.  Nice, clean, and convient.  Staff is very friendly as are the vets.  Our dog loves coming here and always leaves happy.
4	I will admit i was hesitant to try this place due to some of the negative reviews.  But today i took my dog in because she had an ear infection. Dr Stewart was very pleasant and knowledgeable.  They did not overcharge us. We did have to wait a while to see the doctor, but they were very busy.  I will go back to Ann Rd Animal Hospital.UPDATE: have gone back twice since originally posted this review.  check up and anal glands expressed. She was in and out in 15 minutes. 10 bucks for glands ($40 for office visit). not bad.
4	I have a 15 yr old cat.  She had a ruptured anal gland.  The medicine made her have diarrhea so I called to ask about switching antibiotics.  I didn't hear back from them.  Vet said he didn't get the message.  They did have to operate... I pd extra for the liver function test.  She came out fine with a 400 buck bill.I took my other cat in to check on worms.  I paid for the fecal exam and was told I would get a call back with results.  Nope.  80 bucksI would give it a 3 due to dropping the ball twice with not calling me back but my cats alive and that's most important.
1	hey animal lovers.So I've been bring my teacup yorkie puppy here since I adopted her last month.I decided to come to ARAH because of the reviews on yelp and they are close to me.I'm really disappointed with the services I've been receiving the last couple of weeks.My puppy had a really bad cough that made me really worried... Dr. Stewart seen her and gave her rx's that didn't work. I took her back and she gave her another rx which didn't help. Then I came back for the 3rd time and seen another vet. He gave another rx and i don't think it helped either. All that money spent and Ebi still didn't get better.My puppy got 2 rounds of vaccinations here. We also boarded her here last week for 2 nights. I called asking if they could wait for me... that I was stuck in traffic leaving LA and would be arriving 10 mins late and they refuse to wait and told me to pick her up the next day. The girl on the phone was so rude about it too! I was really upset with that... I don't see what's wrong waiting a couple mins. I ended up having to pay an extra night and when I came to pick her up at 8am when they opened... I ended up waiting 20 mins for them to bring my puppy out. Then I had to ask for her bone that was missing in her ziplock back that came out with her. After all the bad services here I'm not sure if I want to bring my puppy back next week for her rabies shot. I may go somewhere else.
4	Took our 2 dogs here for their rabies shot. They charge $10 for each shot and we didn't have to wait too long. They did try to sell us all the other shots but why weaken our dogs immune system unnecessarily if they are never even exposed to other dogs. We ended up just getting the rabies. This place is very close to us and it was very convenient to be in and out in half an hour.
1	The staff here is extremely rude.  I had previously purchased a Groupon for a dog grooming and it didn't state on the Groupon that the vaccination record was required.  I even called the day before and they did not tell me his vaccination record was required.  When I arrived the lady didn't want to take my dog and argued with me that the Groupon states to bring the vaccination.  I checked again and it does not!  I convinced her to take him and then I went back to drop off the shot record.  Overall I went there three times in one day.They also wanted to make a photo copy of my ID.  Why is this needed if it's just a dog grooming?  Also, the Groupon did not state that the grooming was just for a dog wash and nail clipping.  I thought they cut his hair, but since I was already there I just let them groom him.  When I picked him up he looked exactly the same.  He was clean, but they didn't even brush his hair!  I won't refer this place or return.  There are many other dog groomers and vets with better service.Don't come here unless you are OK with staff treating you like crap!
5	Well, it's hit or miss for reviewers; but the most I can say about that is.. finding a vet for your loved pet is something that everyone needs to experience for themselves.Each vet is different and one's experience in that particular office is also going to differ; so please visit some of your local clinics and make your selection carefully.That being said: I can tell you that I personally have had great experiences here.  My cats have been coming here for around four years and I don't plan on changing any time soon.The basics.They have five examination rooms.  A large waiting area (no separate entrances for dogs / cats, though.)  They do boarding, grooming, dental, basic labs, and x-rays here and are part of a larger group of animal hospitals here in the Valley that operate in a similar fashion (multiple doctors and services.)  All their basic services require up to date shots (and if you live in North Las Vegas, those are also required for your dog/cat pet license from the city.)  They take a couple of different pet insurance plans, including offering the Trupanion 30 day free trial and are affiliated with Science Hill for pet food, I believe.I've seen the staff be very kind and helpful -- remembering the names of pets and owners who come in and even remembering their health issues and personality.  But, the staff is pretty large.  They have quite a few receptionists, plus the vet tech staff, and the boarding group.The 5 star reason?The ARAH has several different vets there and I've had my pets visit with all of them after a series of different health issues for my pets.  Eventually, we chose to use Dr. Stewart as our primary and only ask for her.  My five star rating is for her, in particular as she has taken a lot of effort and energy into helping our cat along and has helped significantly in our working out a medical schedule.  I recommend her highly (you can ask for a specific doctor -- if you don't, you get whomever is next on the rotation.)
5	I've been bringing my dog to Ann Road Animal Hospital since he was a puppy, and have always gotten friendly service and wonderful treatment from the vets there.I love the walk-in service (no appointments) and Sundays is my favorite day to visit them. They always love to see Buddy and I will definitely keep going there as long as I live here in Vegas!
5	The staff is great here.  If you are looking for a Vet this is a good place to go as far as I can tell.  Our cat was suppose to stay the day for testing and he was stressed out being with all the other animals in the back so the Vet called us and said we could pick him up early.  Nice to see they do care.
4	The vets are typical in and out vets. What makes this place stand out and keeps me loyal are the friendly, helpful and all around awesome ladies at the reception counter. They are always sweet and helpful and welcoming. Making appointments is easy and they can usually see you same day. HIGHLY recommend. Only the best for my doggy!
5	It was 8am on a Sunday morning, my poor pup kept licking her teeth and it looked as if she was shivering, so I stopped what I was doing to see why she was acting so weird... she had broken her k9 tooth. I freaked out and got on Yelp to find the closest vet that was open (I honestly thought everything closed on Sunday- but who am i kidding... this is Vegas- a city that rarely sleeps). Gave them a call and hurried over there. When i got there, I filled up some forms, and got placed in an exam room where I waited. Dr. Colon came in, he was very knowledgeable and understanding. He took a examined her, explained to me her pain level and what to do/what not to do, and gave her some meds. He then recommended a root canal to save her tooth vs an extraction. An extraction would have cost nearly $400ish. Root canal cost a little more, but it was well worth it. They don't do root canals here, but he did recommend a great dental specialist- Dr. Emily who does root canals for way cheaper than what other vets charge. We ended up paying $700 for a root canal, which is about nearly half of what the other estimates we've gotten from other 4 or 5 other vets in the Las Vegas area. The only downside was that Dr. Emily isn't from Vegas- he travels all over the US to perform these root canals, and he only travels to Vegas once every 6-8 weeks. I'm extremely thankful that Dr. Colon recommended him and just as thankful for Dr. Emily because there was just no way we could have afforded the other prices we've been given (However, Dr. Emily performs root canals at Tropicana animal hospital, not here). My pup's root canal went great, and she's good as new. The moment we picked her up, she was back to her happy, hyper self. The exam fee cost $40, and her pain medications cost $26. They have a 10% military discount, but it didn't apply towards her medications.
1	This review is for pet hotel portion.  I dropped off my dog hear so we can enjoy the holiday weekend.  Now my dog has fleas and diarreah.  It took over 30 minutes to check him out, I'm thinking they had to wash the filth off my dog, which it didn't help because he smelled like poop.  I recommend dropping your dog off to Petsmart instead.
4	I like this vet clinic. I have been coming here for over 5 years with my two pups. The staff is pretty helpful as I need help at times since one of my dogs can be a handful. All in all, I like Ann road animal hospital.
5	I won't ever go to another vet as long as I live in North Las Vegas. The staff at ARAH helped me through the end of both of my dachshunds lives and have taken excellent care of my English Bulldog and my new Lab puppy. Finding a vet is hard, as hard as it is to find a good primary care physician for ourselves. They have a very clear price list for their procedures and vaccinations and they offer low cost spay and neutering. Plus they give a 10% military discount.
5	My wife and I have been going here for 3 years, usuallyNo wait and very professional. Our pug has to have oxygen to cut her nails...spaz!  The best place to go as far as I'm concerned. Always calls ahead for shots and doesn't  try to sales services you don't need.
4	UPDATE: (I have gone to Ann Rd. Animal Hosp. a dozen times over the past 2 years) and I  wanted to take a moment to THANK Dr. Hammond and the staff.     Sadly, our dog of 15 years needed to be put to sleep after a long battle with.... well, old age. Dr. Hammond had never met Shamrock up until that fateful day, but she was very compassionate and made our terrible decision easier to bear. AND i want to thank her for the VERY thoughtful condolence card we got in the mail. Handwritten even!! It truly meant A LOT to us.  They recommended Craig Rd Pet Cemetery to us.  We were very pleased with them as well. I could give them 5 stars, but that seems odd for me?  I lost my dog. I reserve 5 stars for things like.... restaurants? But I DO want to say thank you to Ann Rd. Animal Hosp. Thank you. IF I get another pet in the future.... i will bring them to Ann Rd.
5	My Akita was stricken with the bloat with her stomach twisting up and fighting for her life.  We were scared and thought we would lose our family pet of 5 years.Dr.  Michael Lavigne was the best, he took extra care in the surgery and recovery, even coming up to the hospital to check on Kona on his day Off! The staff was always friendly and service was great! No problem with this hospital, Dr. Lavigne  thank you for caring about our family member, we will always bring our pet to you!!!
3	I started coming to this animal hospital after I moved to this side of town about a year ago. They are a walk-in clinic so it's first come first serve. I don't really like how you can't make an appointment. Another huge negative for me is that the front desk is extremely disorganized. They don't really have a check in/check out system. There are only two counters... but sometimes there are 3- 4 front office girls working up there trying to check in patients and answer phones and then also checking people out, so it gets really chaotic. Also there's no sign in sheet or any sort of line... so checking in is just based on the honor system of who got there first. The front office girls just yell, "who's next?" and you just have to step up and be assertive and say that you were next to be helped or else someone else will jump ahead of you. This system gives me anxiety. However, I will say that their prices are very affordable and their vets have all been very nice. My dog has always gotten very good care so I will continue to come here until I have any suspicions that she is getting below standard of care.
4	Pleasant service, clean environment, and mostly prompt service. I have been taking my dog here since I got her four years ago and have been satisfied. Also, the bill at the end is usually cheaper than I guessed.
5	We are extremely pleased with the staff at Ann Road Hospital.  We took Maggie, a lab mix, in for surgery to remove a large mammary tumor.  She saw Dr. Bullard, he did an evaluation and then performed surgery the same day.  Due to the drain, she stayed the night.  She has been back a few times for suture removal but not healed enough to remove.  Although this is a walk in clinic we are seen promptly and with smiles.  You can tell everyone loves working there.  The facility is very clean.  We highly recommend Dr. Bullard.
5	Ann Road Animal Hospital is the BEST in Las Vegas!!!!!! The Drs and staff are absolutely AMAZING!!!!!! Dr Bullard is so caring and super intelligent!! He is wonderful with my 4 dogs!! We love him!! If you want excellent care and superior customer service, this is the place to bring your pets!!!!!!
5	Very good with our dog. Staff are friendly and make sure that your pet is well taken care of.
5	Dr. Buco did an amazing job with our dog Nahla who is a 13mo Husky.   Nahla was hit by a car in Cali while visiting relatives on Christmas Eve.  She was saved, stabilized, and treated by the great Vets in Cali.  And was discharged on 12/26 so that I can take her back to Vegas to get her fractured leg repaired.  We took her to her regular vet at Camino Al Norte (now her former vet), and gave them prior notice that Nahla needed surgery (the vet in Cali faxed all the medical records/ and gave us her IV fluids (disconnected from her catheter) and her X-rays).  And they said to bring her in.  When we were in the exam room the doctor asked why we brought her in and I said I called as well as had everything faxed early in the morning as we were driving back to Vegas.  Then she asked what meds were given etc, and I said it was in the medical records.   So to make along story short, they gave us a prognosis that Nahla is breathing really bad and there's nothing they can do, so I asked if I can take her home to let her pass at home.   The vet did not even do an X-ray of Nahla's chest to check how much fluid accumulated.  So we got pain meds & took Nahla home.   We monitored Nahla closely and she was breathing well, even had an appetite.  The next afternoon Nahla tried getting up her self, and she kept falling on her left arm, so I assumed the bandages were wrapped to tight.  I unwrapped it and her Catheter was still in her arm to my surprise.  I thought Camino Al Norte removed it since she was no longer getting surgery.  I was so upset by this.   Tired of crying and stress about Nahla, I had my husband and daughter take her to Ann Road Hospital as my heart couldn't handle anymore bad news.  And they said Dr. Buco was so great and said Nahla sounded good.  He even took X-rays of her leg and wrapped her leg very firmly so it wouldn't hang until we were ready to have her get surgery.   I have yet to meet Dr. Buco, and will soon meet him as he will be her new trusted Vet, but my family was so impressed.Thank you so much Dr. Buco and staff!!!
5	My lil killa is fighter. She suffered extreme head trauma after the neighbor's teenage son threw a large rock dead smack in her face. Obviously that boy is possessed by something evil to do such a thing! Anyway, It was a Sunday morning that my boyfriend and I found my yorkie's eyeballs hanging by a thread. Being new to the area I called the first animal hospital I could locate.  We went into Ann Road Animal Hospital shaken up and scared to death not knowing the fate of my lil killa. The front desk staff was very helpful and efficient. I told them it was an emergency and they took her right away. Dr. Conklin is amazing. She was able to comfort us in our time of need. She delivered the devastating news that lil killa would be permanently blind and needed both eyes removed. Throughout the entire process Dee at the front desk and Dr. Conklin continued to call us, giving us constant updates on Lil Killa's condition. I am thankful that the staff here took such good care of baby. For many of us our animals are our children and anything that happens to them is so devastating. Having a place that loves animals as much as we do is amazing. I will bring my yorkie here for anything she'll ever need
5	Went in last Saturday for our Pitbull, Dr.Buco was very nice, we got all the medications, etc we needed for her ear infection and the place is affordable. We went to their website and used the 1st time visitor coupon so the exam was free. We are going back Saturday for a check up, but it looks like everything we have gotten is working for her.
5	Dr. buco is an amazing dr. And person he helped me with my cat just when I thought I would have to put him down I love ann road animal hospital and will bring all my pets here the staff is amazing and where very welcoming and when we came to visit oliver they where so nice and they took such good care of him thank you Dr.  Buco and staff for treating us like family
4	Helpful and friendly staff. No wait, even on a Saturday! Only negative I have to say is that the vet wanted to do X-rays on our dog after we talked to her but she didn't even touch him or look at him first. X-rays cost $182 incase anyone needs them and then she gave us pain meds for our pup and said she'll let is know about X-rays later. Just didn't seem to care much.
3	The doctors are pretty good but the wait to see the Doctor takes forever :( last time I was here got here at 3 didn't leave till 6
1	I would give an even lower rate if possible Dr Eva Evan is the most ill informed vet at this hospital she runs unnecessary test and has no follow through.  She told me a three month subscription for insulin would last 6 mo NEW FLASH one bottle is only good for 30 days ask any diabetic out there never never will I ever let this women touch my dog,
4	The doctors are great, but man, the wait time is too long. When we dropped off our dogs for boarding, just to drop them off took almost an hour. Otherwise the doctors take great care of them.
2	The wait time is terrible. Went in for one shot and ended up waiting for a little over an hour. The real skinny dark brown hair front desk receptionist is rude. I told her I was ready to check out then she says wait until I finish doing what I'm doing and never got back to me. The other lady is much more professional you to take notes and be more professional.
2	We've been taking our dog to Ann Road Animal Hospital for a few years now.  There's been nothing exceptional about our service over the years, but nothing terrible either. Two visits this past week, however, are not sitting well with me.The positive first: Our dog had an emergency a couple months ago and we ran him down there.  We had Dr. Barry, which was the first time we've ever had this vet.  She was great and one of the first vets that has ever made a lasting impression on me.  She took her time with us, took good care of our dog while he stayed at the vet for tests, and my whiney dog even liked her (which is saying a lot).  The problem is you never know when a particular vet is working.  So if you are just trying to fit in some vaccines for your dog during your free time, for example, you never know who you are going to get.  I assume this is a problem at all vets in this town though.  If you can get Dr. Barry, I definitely recommend her.We were trying to get follow-up bloodwork for our dog last week to see if his infection/elevated white blood cell count had cleared up from this previous episode that Dr. Barry took care of.  Of course Dr. Barry wasn't there, but since my husband had already made a trip he got the bloodwork done.  It was just bloodwork, right?  Not like a consultation or anything.  My husband and I both are certain we heard Dr. Barry quote us $40-$50 for *follow-up* bloodwork.  We were charged for standard bloodwork which is $110.  My husband tried to explain this to the employees up front, and they just didn't care.  Their explanation was that that's how much they charge for bloodwork, period- even follow-up bloodwork.  Since Dr. Barry wasn't there, we couldn't get any confirmation from her and had to pay the bill.What really got me fired up was that last night my dog was having another serious problem.  It happened in the evening, and by the time my husband got back with the car we knew we were getting there close to their closing time.  We arrived ten minutes before they closed and I immediately got the looks from the staff up front.  Then the girl that took us back to our room asked us at least three or four times if the problem had just started tonight.  That's when I knew we weren't going to be helped.  She puts us in a room, and a few minutes later comes back to tell us that the vet on-call "was with another customer and if we stayed we would be charged the after-hours fee." - Even though we were there before they closed.  This fee is $150.  I don't know about you, but at the places I've worked if a customer comes in before closing time they are helped.  If you show up at the DMV before they close, they help you despite it being after their advertised time.  If you don't want customers after a certain time, then you advertise "Last Entry at ---pm".  Of course I even doubt if the vet was with another customer. I was infuriated and left.We ended up going to Craig Road Animal Hospital which is open later and is actually a much nicer facility.  We were helped by Dr. Murphy (I believe) and he was great.  The only problem was that it was my dog's first time there and they couldn't access his vet history since Ann Road was now closed.  But, the medicine and tests seem to be less expensive so I may end up just going there from now on.I hate giving a bad review after I've been going there for a while, but customer service means a lot.  Especially to a customer that has been frequenting their establishment for so long and has given them a lot of money over the years.*5 Stars for Dr. Barry
4	We have been utilizing Ann Road Animal Hospital for years for everything from nail trims to surgeries. They also offer boarding, which we have done numerous times while out of town on vacation. Our latest experience was heart breaking, but Dr. Bullard and the staff were outstanding and helped make this difficult time a little easier. One of our canine kids, Leia, typically running around, playing in the pool and alerting us to passersby, had been lethargic and quiet. Obviously something was wrong. I took her in for an exam, blood tests and procedures to find out what was ailing our proud protector. The prognosis wasn't good and Dr. Bullard gave it to me straight. In a time like this, it would have been really easy for the doctor to recommend surgery, more tests and long term follow-up care, knowing that I would have drained the savings and sold off all my belongings to try and save her. It was tough, but we knew it was the right decision based on Dr. Bullard's recommendation. Leia went peacefully as we sat with her and said our teary goodbyes. The honesty and professionalism helped us to make it through a very difficult and emotional experience. RIP little girl.
1	What type of a place gives you back your dog from boarding with a runny nose, has  lost weight, has difficulty breathing and can't bark? And they do this as if nothing is wrong!Been going here for many years, but no more. Every time we come in its new people. High turnover rate is a sign things are going downhill.
4	I've been taking my horde of animals (3 cats and 1 dog) to Ann Road Animal Hospital for about 4 years. Obviously, my continued patronage indicates I like this animal hospital! The doctors are always friendly and professional, the hospital is clean and conveniently located, and they have a military discount! We've never had any problems with the care of our pets here. We've gotten everything from vaccinations, surgeries, and grooming done at Ann Road Hospital. On our latest visit, we took our newest member of the family to get an initial exam. The wait was absolutely horrendous, but mind you, it was a Sunday afternoon and we didn't have an appointment. The vet later explained that there were only 2 doctors working as well, not to mention the waiting room was full. We were at the vet's for almost 2 hours, and the hospital rooms were uncomfortably hot. I wouldn't recommend going on a weekend EVER if you can avoid it. When the vet came in, he shook all our hands and pet our cat before taking her back for an exam. He said that our cat was really well behaved and wished that all cats could be like her, so he gets extra brownie points! ;)  The wait time was unusually long for this particular visit, but I totally understood the circumstances. I've been to other animal hospitals in the area, and Ann Road Animal Hospital is still my favorite.
1	Took my 5 pound Chihuahua and to get teeth cleaning and tooth extraction they called to have me pick her up and charged me $177 . We ask if there's any other charges, they said no your paid in full we brought our dog home after talking to a vet tech friend of ours and another veterinarian in Nevada they told us that they overdosed our dog with Rimdyl. The prescribed dosage was 25mg twice a day.  5 times the amount for her size. We told ann road animal hospital about it and they brushed it off saying they will make a note. About a week later we get a non itemized bill in the mail. After calling twice to find out why...they said it was their mistake and payment was due upon receipt and we should have known there was more due....when after asking them multiple times when picking up our dog. They also offered to do free blood work to make sure my dog did not have kidney failure....Ha you tried killing my dog once Dr. Kyle Thornton you are not getting a second chance. How are multiple mistakes in your office my fault?????? Will the owner of ann road animal hospital please contact me???
4	I moved to North Las Vegas a few months ago from Orange County and brought my cats with me. My 8 year old became constipated and I needed a vet desperately. I took him to ARAH since they are close by and had pretty decent reviews. He had to stay for about a week, and then again for almost a week about a month later for the same problem (in hindsight we think it was his food). Anyhow, back to the review. As far as wait time, the longest I've waited is 30 minutes on a Saturday afternoon. This is NOTHING, especially when you consider the  fact that it was a Saturday and during the afternoon. I've waited at vets in OC for hours before. Also, I've never encountered any rudeness from the girls at the front desk. Every employee I've come into contact with has been very friendly and helpful. My cats vet was Dr. Conklin. She was easy to get ahold of, and always made sure to call me every morning with a status update of my cat. I truly felt like she had my cats best interest at heart and did right by him. They also have long hours and take walk-ins, which is great if you've got a constipation emergency like we had. ALSO, VETERINARY CARE IS TYPICALLY EXPENSIVE OR AT LEAST MORE THAN WE WANT TO PAY. Pets are indeed a luxury and maintaining their health is part of that. Was it expensive? Sure. Do I feel like they nickel-and-dimed me? No. They don't even charge an exam fee for new patients. Only reason the review is not 5 stars - I would give them a 4.5- is because I noticed when visiting my cat (they allowed me to visit him every day he was there with no rush or time limit) that a couple of the rooms weren't super clean. They weren't DIRTY, but they could have been cleaned up a little better between patients. Thanks ARAH for taking care of my baby :)
5	This is hands down the best Veterinarian Hospital in the 89031 zip code. Dr's Bullard, Lavigne have always treated my pets like they were their own. I would recommend any one looking for an honest and compassionate veterinarian hospital to give this place a try!
