3	Mediocre. Not somewhere I would go out of my way to eat at OR avoid.The fruit was fresh and tasted great. The sandwich was adequate. The service was proficient. Not much else to say.
5	Excellent, delicious, well made food. The menu is very extensive and covers everything from a traditional American breakfast to an unbeliavable selection of tasty Mexican breakfast dishes. Everytime we come to Vegas this is a must. When we arrive and when we leave. Hats off to the head Chef for creating such amazing dishes and for putting a great effort and time in each one. We can taste his love and dedication . If you're veggan or vegetarian, this place offers great subsitutes as well as different options that are very hard to find anywhere in Las Vegas. Ask for the veggan chilaquiles with beans and rice, the bean enchiladas, veggie wrap... And more options for you. Try "Huevos Divorciados." Excellent dish if you like something spicy. Great service!Try this place you won't regret it...
4	Hmmm...this is an interesting little place.  It's like a Hispanic family couldn't decide whether they wanted to open a quaint country brunch cafe or a traditional Mexican restaurant...so they did both. The menu is an odd mix of nothing-fancy traditional American brunch food and Mexican fare. With that said, the French toast and eggs that I ordered were pretty darn tasty. I cleaned my plate (and I never clean my plate.) I was pleasantly surprised. Aside from the odd menu, the place is quaint, cute, incredibly clean, and the service was friendly. I probably would have given it 3.5 stars if I had the option...but I went with 4 because the food /coffee was better than I thought it would be, and the service was great. Nothing too special...but worth a visit if you're in the neighborhood and want a decent plate of brunch food (or a burrito...)
4	I love establishments by families.  Mom and Pop shops just have a different feel than the chain restaurants.  I like the Early Bird Cafe more now because they really expanded their menu.  The owners are always friendly and they have tons of regulars.  Thats a really good sign when the customers know the wait staff.  Their food is like home cooking.   They have the typical American fare but also serve Mexican breakfast and lunch staples.  They just serve food the way they are supposed to be: fresh and unpretentious.   I will go there for breakfast anytime.
3	We were in the area so I yelped and found this place , kinda hard to find the store front is not facing eastern. The restaurant had American and Mexican breakfast items. I had the breakfast enchiladas it had eggs and chorizo with beans. The dish was pretty good, could have used salsa  instead of beans used as a sauce. Service was good and friendly, food came out a little slow. I would come here for the Mexican style breakfast , the American dishes was solid nothing special.
