3	The food was surprisingly good the last time me and some friends had some late night grub.  Then again, anything is good at 3-4 AM in the morning and you're up $200 playing 2-4 limit poker.   It's nothing fancy, fancy like they describe on their website, but the food's alright in my book and according to my tastebuds...Recommendations: Mashed Potatoes.
3	We're in Vegas so we couldn't miss the opportunity to eat late at night. Since we had lil guy with us, and although he showed no signs of sleep deprivation at 11pm, we were worried and decided to stay within the compounds of the hotel to have supper. Since this was the only restaurant opened, we had no choice but to eat here.The restaurant was comfortable and it being so late (for us it is late.... we're old!) we definitely welcomed comfy chairs. My big thing being in Vegas is to have French onion soup. This was a tradition a good Hawaiian friend of mine got me hooked on when we were in Vegas with them. Each time we'd go to a restaurant late at night, we'd order French onion soup. This one's for you dude!So I got the soup and some chicken wings. Hubby got the salmon benedict. Lil guy was happy drawing on the menu our waiter gave him. Service was definitely slow. Hubby decided to get a drink -- an alcoholic one that is -- since he didn't need to drive anywhere. Our waiter was just great. He always made sure that we were doing fine while waiting for the food. Not his fault that the food was slow.My French onion soup arrived. Mmmmm tasty! Topped with the gruyere and caramelized, I couldn't wait to dig in. Only problem was, the broth was extremely salty. I ate the onions, the crouton, the cheese but couldn't finish the soup itself. I kept drinking water because the salt had taken over.Hubby said his benedict was good. I had a bite. It was okay. I generally prefer the Florentine benedict. My wings were really good. I asked for them not to toss them in the spicy sauce so they'd be nice and crispy, and they were!! I couldn't even finish them. Our waiter also brought us a bread basket of ciabatta rolls and corn bread. GOSH the ciabatta was so yummy. He brought us more.In the end, I took the remainder of the wings AND the bread back to the room which I finished the next morning. Service was great. Food was good but definitely overpriced. I probably wouldn't dine here again even if we stayed at the hotel in the future because we found some wonderful places with great food but at far more reasonable prices.Our total came to slightly over $50 before tip.
3	We just finished watching KA and haven't eaten dinner. We stopped by this location for some sandwiches. Yes the service was a bit slow but not terribly. The waiter did let us know the food was coming up. Like everything in Vegas, everything was a bit steep, but everything was HUGE. My girl friends had a hard time trying to open their mouths wide enough to stuff their sandwiches. I managed to finish 90% of my cheese/bacon burger but it was definitely a meal overload.  We knocked out after that. :(
3	Showing up late to connect with friends at MGM Grand I wanted to get a quick, healthy bite to eat.  Well MGM makes that impossible.  I showed up at 5 until ten and when I queried one of their many staff wondering around with seemingly a purpose to serve I was told curtly "well why'd you show up now, almost nothing is open anymore, it's almost 10 pm!" Well ok, I thought this was Vegas, you know where everything is 24 hours but apparently not decent food and so I found the Studio Cafe.  There seemed to be a number of hostess and waitresses but they seemed to revel in chit chat rather then helping seat patrons at this "late hour." Me, I wasn't seated "ONE? O just go to the bar" So no booth for me! Though many were open.  While I waited to be greeted I perused the menu. Familiar territory, the menu. As many restaurants in Vegas offer this: inflated prices for simple meals, very few of them healthy and almost no stated vegetarian options.  I sat at the bar and ordered the breakfast burrito and got a contorted look from the bartender.  "Um, I don't do that.  Gloria will take your order. I can get you a drink though"O for goodness sake! Can I just order? Don't make me hate not ordering room service at my hotel? Eventually Gloria hustles on over.  She is, however, superfriendly and warm.  Were this anywhere else I might think Gloria would go back in the kitchen and fix it up for me.  I ordered the breakfast burrito to go with no of the fatty sides and no meat.When the food came I was out the door and I must say the meal itself was very good for a simple egg omelet wrapped in a burrito.  Well cooked eggs.  So if you have the audacity to have meal past 10 pm in ye old Las Vegas know that there's a good omelet awaiting you after some hardship.
2	Reliably sub-par to mediocre 24-hour jobbie in the otherwise food-friendly MGM Grand Hotel.Had a waffle there once at 3 a.m. and was pretty stoked to find decent eats in my hotel at what would be considered by most to be "off-hours."  (Although in Vegas I think 9am to 11am more readily qualifies.)  Regardless.... waffle - good.  Coffee - good.Subsequent breakfast visits there have been less than adequate.  Bacon that doesn't taste bacon-ey.  Ham that doesn't taste ham-ey.  Syrup that doesn't taste maple-ey....  are you getting the drift here?  Do you grasp the collective upshot of my grievances?At least they got the "over-medium" part of the "eggs over-medium" thing right.  Beyond that, this place pretty much blows.  It's crowded.  it's noisy.  Many of the tables are in high-traffic areas, so single-diners that don't rate a booth will feel like they are dining in pit row at Daytona. It's expensive.  Overall it's not horrible, nothing here is flat-out vile... but if you're in Vegas you should be doing things right and breakfast at the Studio Cafe is just. not. right.In short.... don't make the same mistake I made.  Don't make it so my suffering was all in vain.  Heed this warning, i beseech you.  This is your faithful correspondent signing off.
3	Note to self: Find a better 24 hour place when you're in Las Vegas.  OK, so we just arrived in Sin City so my friends and I decided to get some food.  One of the staff members recommended this place and we were hungry (flying on an empty stomach does me no good), so we went here because it was across the street from our hotel.  I ordered spinach/artichoke dip and a lettuce wrap.  My friends ordered different variations of fried chicken.  Some random guys from Portland sitting behind us recommended NOT ordering the steak.  All of these items seemed a bit sub par.The dip had a weird skin on it.  My lettuce seemed wilted and pretty bland.  Maybe it was an off night but I don't think I'll be going back here again next time I'm in the LV.  Even for a starving person, this food didn't really do much for me.  Prices were OK by Vegas standards.
1	i'd give it zero stars if i could but here's why we (yes, all four girls) hated this restaurant.1) we had breakfast here, not late night food (when the choices are much more limited) so in theory, we CHOSE to eat here out of convenience since we were staying at the signature.2) we ate at bouchon restaurant (venetian) the morning before, and had incredible - and i mean INCREDIBLE, 5 star worthy breakfast there for the SAME price.3) the service SUCKED.4) the COFFEE was the WORST. $3.50 for coffee (they ask you if you want coffee like it's free but it's NOT. I found out after I ordered by looking closely at the menu...if I knew, I would have spent less than that at starbucks for better coffee). They bring you a carafe that I'm assuming can be shared by multiple people because it's refillable but who wants a refill of burnt sand? Not me. I thought they'd charge $3.50 per carafe but no, they charge per mug. We ended up paying $7.00 for coffee that was so disgusting we had to ask for a pitcher of HOT WATER to dilute it and the waitress asked, "Oh, is it for the coffee?" Uh... wow. she KNEW. I bet sooo many other people asked for water to dilute their horrible coffee. I can tell you this much. that nasty coffee was the last thing i consumed in Vegas and it woke the hell out of me. I guess it did its job in a fraction of the usual sips I need (too bad i drink coffee for the taste and not so much for the kick start).If you are going to eat breakfast, please people. go to bouchon. you won't regret it. get the sausage there. it's sooooo soft and delicious. the french toast is like bread pudding and the ham/cheese/egg sandwich is killer. the mimosa is bomb, too. since i can't give this place zero stars, might as well recommend a better choice (so my job is done).for late night eatery, i guess you have no choice but to come here. stay away from the coffee.(for a visual representation of the horrible coffee, I uploaded a pic on my profile page - I'm not mean enough to post it here).
4	Great drinks from the bar and their bruschetta is seriously to die for.
2	Never having been to Las Vegas before, I naively thought that, when my flight got in at 11pm, I would immediately check into my hotel and hit the hay.  Um, no.  This is not how Vegas works.  Completely overwhelmed by all the lights and the glitter, at 11:30 I stood wide-eyed and useless in the lobby of the MGM Grand.  My boss had to come and retrieve me before I short-circuited.  It was decided that despite the late hour, we were both starving, and once I had deposited my bags in my room, we headed to the Studio Cafe as it was the only restaurant open at that late hour.I started with a vodka soda, which was very heavy on the soda.  In fact, I only assume it even contained vodka because vodka is in the name of the drink, but it sure didn't taste like it contained vodka.   However, the weak drink was balanced out by one of the better Cobb salads I've had in my life.  It was huge, for starters, and filled with bacon-y, avocado-y, bleu cheese-y deliciousness.  It did not, however, contain olives, which functionally disqualified it from officially being the best Cobb salad ever.  Still, yum.Then, in case I hadn't had quite enough Studio Cafe in my life, I had a breakfast meeting there the next morning.  I had the special, which was a whole wheat Belgian waffle panini with Vermont Cheddar, ham, two eggs over easy, and micro greens.  It was ambitious.  It wasn't as good as it was trying to be, and though I enjoyed it enough, it sat in my stomach like a rock for the rest of the morning.I wouldn't come back unless it was, as in the case of the late night dinner, the only pace open, or, as in the case of the breakfast meeting, required by my employer.  But it was serviceable nonetheless.
3	Competent breakfast fare. I woke up late on Sunday absolutely starving. As we were staying at the MGM Grand, we decided to eat in the hotel. We got seated right away at the Studio Cafe. Both of us ordered the Grand Breakfast - three pancakes, two eggs, two sausages, hash browns for $13.95. I ordered a coffee and I got a whole pot to myself.The food was average but totally hit the spot. The pancakes were fine. The sausages were larger than the average breakfast sausage and pretty good.Service was quick and efficient.
2	Basic breakfast.. nothing really spectacular or bad.. just so so.. the walnut pastry was kind of dry and the service was rushed and disinterested.
3	Service as great, food just average.  If you have the energy to walk go to the studio walk, you'll find something better.
1	Stay the hell away. Bad service, slow service, all you do is wait wait wait - complain, and wait some more. I can't tell you how miserable we all were waiting over an hour for our food to come out. When it did, it was not fresh and was definitely not good. MGM restaurant management needs to send in some help on this one.
2	If you are starving late night and close/in MGM then ok... otherwise dont make a special trip to go here food is ok nothing new or exciting but its pricey for what you get.
3	Sometimes the casino cafe is the only choice you have when youre needing food at random times of the day.  Usually when i eat at Studio cafe, or any hotel cafe for that matter, i get the breakfast.  The service here is really friendly and professional, but the food takes a while.  They pump out room service from here too, so i can understand, but when youre starving at 4 am, it seems like forever.  Get the "Grand Breakfast" you never go wrong with that.
4	I love the breakfast here and best of all it's served 24 hours a day.  I highly recommend the eggs benedict with smoked salmon.  It sounded wierd at first but it was actually really really good.  If you're not that adventurous the regular eggs benedict with canadian ham is very delicious too.  Most times that i've been here the servers are always nice and helpful.  Like everyone else's review it's a good cafe if  you need a quick food fix but not your first pick.
3	This is a good place to go if you're staying at the MGM and want a nice brunch/late night dinner.  The prices are decent for being in Las Vegas and the atmosphere is welcoming.  I always get the smoked salmon benedict, but since I found out they increased the price to $17 - I started trying other things.By the way, LOVE the complimentary corn bread - they're irresistible.  I could've just eaten that all night.
4	It's a great little cafe and the breakfast is AWESOME!!!  The potions are HUGE too so if you are hungry after partying all night this is the place to come.  Also came here for dinner one night after watching "KA" at the MGM Grand, as all the other restaurants got pretty crowded afterwards and it was really good.  It's especially great if you are staying in the MGM Grand that way you can stumble back to your room and take a nap from your "food coma"!
3	I was hurting pretty badly from a day of drinking that began on my 8:00 AM flight.  I wanted chicken noodle soup and I wanted it RIGHT NOW. And there it was, like a mirage in the desert- the Studio Cafe.The soup was very good and it did cure my ailment- well, sort of.
3	Studio Cafe is a good casual dining choice in the midst of all the expensive, fine dining choices available in the MGM. if you dont want to spend a ridiculous amount on food, Studio Cafe is the place to be. it's open 24 hours and has a decent selection of American style cuisine. i opted for the philly cheesesteak and it was alright. the meat was a bit dry and the fries tasted a bit stale. i was with a party of 13 people and some of the big hits at the table were the club sandwich and fried chicken. the tab will run you about $15-20 per person which isnt bad considering everything in vegas seems to cost you an arm and a leg haha
4	The Studio Cafe pretty much rocks in my opinion... it's decent food at a decent price, open 24/7.  I've had a couple of very late night dinners there and it really is a calm in the storm of hotel.
3	Good solid food, perfect for a casual, low key breakfast with my BFF.My BFF who is evil and said we had to split the pecan cinnamon roll.Evil I say.That was a damn tasty cinnamon roll.Service was good, attentive and friendly even though the restaurant is huge and was relatively busy on the morning in question. A little on the spendy side for what it was but it's Vegas, that kind of goes without saying.
2	this place is way too expensive.  aren't 24/7 casino restaurants supposed to be good values?  guess not.  went here for breakfast, and had the chicken & waffle with scrambled eggs & gravy.  there was too much gravy.  it probably would have been better if i had gotten the gravy on the side.  i will say the fried chicken was pretty good.  but, i'd explore other options before eating here again.
2	Only place at 2am when the water was shut down in our room, it was ok, service was just ok, food was not bad but not memorable, maybe it is better during daylight?
1	WORST buffalo wings ever.  First of all it was overpriced beyond belief .. I mean Grand Lux @ Venetian prices were cheaper.Second the wings were 2 out of 10 on the temperature scale.  1 being frozen, 2 being microwaved without paying attention to how long they should be microwaved for.Horrible and I do believe they gave me a case of diarrhea .. gross I know. But they were REALLY bad.The above + really SLOW service = No thanks ... never again ...good bye!
3	In the midst of searching for this cafe on a Saturday morning, we came upon a women who was giving away buy-one-get-one-free entrees for this exact cafe.  Jackpot!  I don't usually like establishments like this.....chainy, not unique, blah food, no vegetarian options.  BUT....boy was I surprised!  After being talked out of a cheese pizza (bleh), I chose the Greens salad and was very impressed!  Fresh greens, yummy croutons, cucumbers, carrots....fabulous!  The side of toast I needed was also just right, with the whole wheat option, but pricey (yes! really $3.25 for two slices!).  Oh! And the coffee!  Fresh and delicious!Everyone else was pleasantly surprised as well (esp with the Turkey Club with fries), for a hotel cafe.  Drinks were refilled very quickly, service on point.  We'll definitely be back if we find ourselves in the MGM again.
3	Tasty cheese, rather uninspired omelette selection.  In the evolution of our Vegas savvy, this was our nascent moment.  Staying at the MGM Grand Signature, we were looking for a reasonable place to get get lunch after arriving at about 11am and getting the the restaurant at about 1pm.  We were tired after getting up for a 6am flight and truly needed a good meal.  Studio Cafe had a decent, but unremarkable, omelette selection that did the trick, but needed a few more veggies.  Even the 3 cheese omelette could use a little veggie action.
2	Had the meat omelet that was supposed to be "loaded" with meat, but was instead sprinkled with meat. Toast comes in large slices, but heard from the couple at the neighboring table that we could all grow a year older waiting on jelly, so they shared their extra jars with us. They also shared their Tabasco sauce. Service was slow and nothing to write home about. We didn't know who to tip at the end of our meal...our server or the adjacent table who loaded us up with condiments b/c they were quite helpful.
1	On a personal scale I'd give this a 2 but Yelp said "Meh, I've experienced better" and that's not what 2 means to me. 2 means "don't go here" where as 1 means "avoid at all costs" but Yelp makes it sound like 2 = okay to go but not great so 1 it is.I only ordered 1 thing. Their Meat Monger Omelet and it must have been the absolute driest omelet I've ever been served. I don't know how someone could eat it. We asked them for some sauce in order to salvage it but where told breakfast ended at 11am (it was 11:10am) and that all the sauces were gone. Only salsa and ketchup was available. We finally figured on some mayo to make it edible but we'll definitely never be back.
4	DRUNK AT 12 IN THE AFTERNOON FOOD!  On our very first day...we were so excited to be in Vegas, we got hammered in the casino at the bar.  The bartender said the food was good and it was close.  I was drunk and I needed food fast.  The server was a little slow but we let him slide because we were gone and happy.  The burger came AND I DESTROYED IT!  EVERY CRUMB!  My friend ate hers too.  I guess that means this place serve it's purpose.  Nothing special, just drunk, inexpensive food.  Burgers are dope!!!!
3	We were hungry after all the long lines for shows so stopped here for a late lunch.  Restaurant is not enclosed from the casino so the smell of smoke mixed with air freshener and AC was lingering.  We ordered a club and a burger. Both were dished out in metal basket with paper serving as the bottom.  As I cut into my club, I found the process difficult.  At the end of the meal, I had sandwich bits left on the table.  The foods ok, the dinnerware needs a redo.  The baskets are dumb.
2	In the past when I've been to Studio Cafe I've had a really positive experience. The food wasn't 3 Michelin stars, but it was decent diner food and the service was quick and prompt. Fast forward to last January. I came in for brunch with a group of hungry girlfriends. Wow had things changed! The waitress kept bringing us things we didn't order. By the time our actual food came out, it was ice cold. My poor friend ordered a hot sandwich and took one bite and pushed her plate away. I'm really sad that this place has taken a turn for the worst. It was definitely one of my more favorite 24 hour casino diners. However, after my last disappointed visit I doubt I'll be back.
3	This is not a typical spot you would dine in Las Vegas considering all of the wonderful food options; but at two in the morning this place serves up a decent dinner/breakfast. After spending five hours on the plane and then several on the casino floor gambling it was time to fill our tummies. Was it dinner? Was it breakfast? Who knows? (5AM in VA, 4AM in IL, and 2AM NV) But it did the trick. The Cafe runs specials after midnight offering several items at half price(maybe less, can't remember the exact price, sorry). We were able to get two eggs over easy, hashbrowns, and two pieces of bacon - no frills, just simple breakfast. It was served up quick and prepared just right. What's not to like. One reminder you have to request the discounted price! It's not readily advertised on the menu nor in the restaurant for that matter.
2	4am in the morning??? only place open at the MGM grand, ordered the french dip sandwich and it was pretty good but expensive.....i guess its expected when your in vegas.  Ok place to head to if your staying at the MGM and too lazy to drive out for something better  They have a small selection of food and nothing really worth talking about.
2	We were starving and searching for a spot to eat, and came right back to studio cafe cuz all the other places were either too expensive or a long wait for a table.  Us girls ordered the fajita platter, chicken tenders, and spicy chicken quesdillas.  The fajitas looked good, i didnt taste it so yeah..  chicken tenders were not tender at all!!  they were suyper dry, but came with yummy fries and cute presentation.  My quesadillas were nasty but tasted good at the moment since i was sooo hungry.  We had a table that was right next to the casino, which was very nice.  i wouldnt come back.
3	haha my chicken tenders were very crunchy..alot of batter..good fries cute playing...pretty expensive...on of the girls ordered a cream cheese bagel for almost $5! it was $1 or $2 at the other hotel in a  nicer restaurant setting too..my plate cost $9
4	I have one word to share with you which describes Studio Cafe to a very precise degree:GREASE.Sounds gross, no?  Well you'd be wrong.  The thing I crave the most after a night (or in the case of Vegas, an entire weekend) of gratuitous drinking is an awesome greasy meal.  Unfortunately we showed up a bit too late for the breakfast fare (their all-day breakfast includes boring staples like a bagel, omelet or cereal) so ordered the BBQ burger.  It was damn tasty, though the fries stole the spotlight.  The boyfriend ordered the BLT, which he claimed was also tasty, but smothered in mayo.  Apparently the mushroom burger and the Reuben were also winners.So, don't go if you're on the verge of morning hangover porcelain praying, because this much grease might just put you over the edge.  But for those who just need something in their bodies other than mass amounts of Vegas booze and sparse amounts of 3am food, this is for sure the place to go.  Especially if you're already parked at the MGM Grand already, which we so conveniently were.I wouldn't be surprised if they had no remnants of bacon grease in the back kitchen...I'm sure they put it in a spray bottle and saturate their food with it.  Delicious.
3	I am not a morning person.  Which sucks because I really wanted eggs benedict, but alas by the time my boyfriend and I made it down from our room it was lunch time and I had to settle for a club sandwich.  $14 for a club sandwich seemed really high and my bf and i just chalked it up to Vegas prices.  But when it came it was the size of my head.  As was my bfs burger.  Both were pretty good and neither of us could finish which is super unusual and we are fatties in disguise.  Plus the waitress was very friendly and cute telling my bf he needed to buy me a ring so big it would break my hand.
3	Cheese omelet by itself was ok, a little bland, but the sauce on it made it good.  The has browns were nice and crunchy.  They have this really cool dessert that looks like a burger with fries that I wanted to try but forgot to go back to get it.  Next time!
4	This has always been one of my favorite lazy places to eat in Las Vegas. By "lazy" I mean that I don't have to do any thinking to get there or eat there - they're always open, always casual, service is always good, and food is always tasty and large. This is a diner-type restaurant that gives you a good spectrum of choices, from pancakes and omelettes to huge salads to dinner items. I have noticed recently that the menu seems to have shrunk a bit and the prices have increased by a couple o' bucks, and for that, I'm docking a star. But Studio Cafe is still a safe place to eat, especially late at night or during hung over afternoons with a group of friends - there's something on the menu for everyone and service always comes with a smile.
1	This place is decent with typical cafe food, sandwiches, burgers, breakfast foods, etc. However, I have only been here when I was drunk at 4 am and every single time I am here they take forever to bring the food out. So on top of having very average generic, overpriced food typical of vegas cafes, the service is superslow.Everytime I came here, trying to recharge by eating so I can start again, the food takes so by the time I finish I am so tired that I end up going back to my room and passing out....
3	Looking for a late breakfast, but something simple, so figured we'd stop by here since we planned to hit the MGM.  Got me the steak and eggs and it was not too bad.  However I felt the price of the food here was a little steep.  With 7 of us, the bill came up to what we spent for a better breakfast the day before.  So the idea of "something simple" ended up costing us more for less.  I just looked at their website and it's on average, $18/person.It was about noon and the place was real busy. Had a short wait to be seated. Was way too loud in the joint.  Our server was so so and just handled her business.  Food came out promptly and our drinks were refilled often.A bonus for this place is that it's 24 hours.  Makes it convenient for the late night munchies while in the casino. Really just reminded me of a larger, busier Denny's and that's not saying much.
3	Been here a ton of times over the years.  Its exactly what you would expect, very very good diner type california cuisine food, with average service, and normal too-high vegas prices.  Open 24 hours a day and always a good meal, but be prepared to be ripped off.
1	This place is a total rip off $45.00 for food you could get at Dennys for 10. If it's late and your hungry and this is all that's open do yourself a favor and skip that meal before you go here. Oh yeah service blows too. And believe it or not I held back on my true feelings for this place.
4	Yes, it's basically a glorified Denny's all dolled up to make it all fancy and "nice."  However, it's the strip and it was "fancier" dressed up burgers and quesadillas, etc. but done oh so well.  Maybe it was also 'cuz we both didn't eat since morning and we got there at almost 10pm when we were sat down to eat.  We had a spicy chicken quesadilla to start and I had a mushroom gouda burger while the bf had the bbq one.  I couldn't even finish my burger. It was HUGE.  Done perfectly medium well as requested served w/ some great seasoned fries.  Yes, it was pricey but it hit the spot and the server was so incredibly nice..even much so my bf thought something had to be "wrong" w/ him.  LOL.  I'd go here again for a major craving and still have money but otherwise yeah..maybe I'd go elsewhere but I did feel it was worth my money.
2	2.5 stars...this place is your standard casino cafe...open 24 hours, etc...first night, i had the club sandwich, which is served in a giant bun...along with the rest of their sandwiches and burgers...this thing is probably about 6 inches in diameter...huge...you also get fries...it was pretty good, but nothing super special...second night, i tried the "Grand Breakfast", which is silver dollar pancakes, eggs and meat...again..pretty normal..nothing to scream about...the lack of stars comes from service...they pretty much take your order and leave...never to be seen again...
1	What the heck happened to this place?  A few years ago, this place had great food and was open 24/7.  Now the menu is about 1/5 the size it used to be, and they close at 10pm Sun-Thurs.  My friends and I ate here 3 times over the course of a long weekend, and were disappointed every time.  The worst was breakfast on Saturday.  The waitress would disappear for 20 minutes at a time.  Food took 40 minutes to arrive after we ordered, and it was cold when we got it.  Cold Eggs Benedict?  Yuck - I think not.  When the waitress finally reappeared 15 minutes later, I told her very politely that my food was cold and could she please have it re-warmed.  She took it away and came back 15 minutes later... with room temperature food.  Seriously???  Never again.
3	Came here during Thanksgiving time, so it wasn't our first choice, or second, or third (ok you catch the drift). We walked by, after realizing everything else is packed. Studio cafe offered prefix menu, an appetizer (salad or soup), turkey or pork loin and dessert. Sides were stuffin/ mashed potato/ candied yam and green beans. the turkey was kinda dry. Pork loin had a nice cranberry glaze. The salad was just plan caesar, nothing special. Dessert was decent. Judging from this meal, the food is not bad. It's nothing fancy. And i wouldnt have come back at the price I paid that night. But this was a special holiday night, so i understand the jacking of the price deal. Was $120 (before tip) for 2, for a so so meal. You decide.
1	No, dammit! Just no! Me and my brother went here and had sandwiches. Passable, but nothing even remotely memorable. The manager discussed the employees' work schedules very loudly right near our table: "So Bobby, you're gonna cover Walter's shift on Thursday, right?"..... TURRRRN-OFFFF!!!! Howie Mandel was at the next table making a fool of himself - as usual. Stinko joint!
4	I actually really liked this place!  We had a teeny wait on a Saturday at 11:30am but we got a great table and a really nice waitress.  I was craving some Benedict (when am I not?) so I got that and the boy ordered some omelette that was full of ridiculousness.Awesome Eggs Benedict.  Take a look at my picture of the three eggs they served!  Super yum. I'll definitely go back there next time I'm in Vegas.
3	One of my staples for my old school Vegas days. I used to come here a LOT, because I could charge everything on the room and it wouldn't be TOO expensive. Had breakfast the other day...quite a good version of the standard staple of Steak and Eggs.  Minus a star for it being $20 though....this is Vegas, its only supposed to be $9.99.  I did love that the waitress brought some Heinz 57 though.
2	The service was atrocious, slow and uninterested, and in the end we had to ask for our bill, and then after waiting 20 minutes for the server to come back, which he never did, we just took it to the front and paid.  Our food took forever to come out and the place wasn't busy.  I had the iceberg wedge, it was small, but was a side, so it wasn't supposed to be full sized.  I just thought it would be a smidgen bigger.  Husband had the hamburger, and it was decent, but expensive.  I just didn't like this place.  The service set a bad tone, and from there I felt everything was overpriced.  I wouldn't go back.
3	I think an upscale Denny's accurately describes the decor of this restaurant. Lucky for them, I would say the food is a little bit better. We actually came here twice while we were in Vegas due convenience (when you don't want eating to get in the way of gambling). During to first stop I ordered the club sandwich. If you are ever here and order this make sure you are going to split it with someone, the sandwich is huge. As far as taste, it was decent, but it's hard to really judge when you have to eat it in pieces because it is physically impossible to eat the whole thing with one bite. The second trip here I wised up and split a pizza. It was a four cheese pizza and we added Italian sausage, onions and peppers. It was actually surprisingly good for a diner pizza. Our service was decent both times. I would say the food is a little pricey, but I guess you have to adjust your price scale when eating in Las Vegas. If you happen to be in the MGM and want a casual/quick meal this is a decent option.
2	Blah.It seems as though the only good food here are the burgers.  And those burgers are okay tasting, but much too expensive for $15.And $9 for a shake?  C'mon, unless there's alcohol in there, it seems way too pricey!The good thing about this place is that it's convenient when you want a sit-down place with waiter service in the MGM Grand.  But really, we spent $40+ for 2 burgers and a Diet Coke.  Too much money for bland food.  I'd rather make the trek to In N Out.Nothing spectacular here.
1	Wow what can I say. I mean for a diner in a casino/hotel how do you mess that up?  I mean I ordered the country scramble(Three Eggs Scrambled with Sausage, Bacon, Cheddar Cheese, Served with Buttermilk Biscuits and Hash Browns) without cheese. How hard can that be? The FIRST time the order came out WITH cheese. The second time the cooks must have had a seizure with the salt shaker cuz my hash browns and scramble came out way to salty. So I flagged down the manager gave him back my plate and about 15 min later another plate came out. With the same CRAP. I mean really. How do you mess up hash browns? And don't restaurants nowadays tend to make their food a little bland so that people can add salt if they want it?  SO all I had was a small bowl of fruit and an english muffin.  Thankfully they didn't screw that up, no salt required.The service was fine, actually pretty prompt (other than the third time my dish came out). Just stick to coffee, toast and fruit.
1	I was so hungover our first morning at the MGM, I couldn't even leave the hotel even though I should have. Manfriend and I decided to grab a bite at Studio Cafe after checking out the menu.The only star goes to our waiter, Jose who was very polite and attentive.The food is a different story. Tell me why weren't both of our  hashbrowns, which I was looking forward to the most, even lukewarm? It was COLD and tasted like cardboard. The breakfast burrito was disgusting. Took one bite and felt like throwing up. Babe's steak and eggs didn't look too appealing either. He liked the steak but everything else was a culinary disaster. From the lingerging old lady perfumes, the food and my hangover, I couldn't stand to sit there one more minute. Asked man if he didn't mind eating in the room because I was about to hurl right then and there. Grabbed Jose as quickly as we could, paid $60.00 for the worst food I've eaten in a long time. Should have Yelped it before hand but nonetheless, NEVER AGAIN.
3	Located in the spectacular MGM grand, the Studio Cafe definitely is the spot for some casual, inexpensive dining.The service was quick, the omelets were huge, and the coffee never ending.  This was actually the first instance where when charging the meal to the room, they actually asked us for ID.  I honestly have never experienced that before in Vegas.  But I can't get complain.  It is Vegas...and you just never know.I can honestly say that I was expecting a little more considering this was the MGM Grand, but oh well.  You can never go wrong for a casual dining spot in a large Vegas hotel.  It just makes things even more convenient.
1	Breakfast -- ruined the day for us -$13.50 for inedible french toast -- so sweet I could only eat a few bites, with a sweet cream spread in the middle btwn two soggy slabs of bread.$14.50 for a huge hashbrown & scrambled egg skillet -- no flavor, just huge quantity.$5.50 a cup for coffee.Even though we only ate a tiny portion of the food on the table, both of us such "tummy lunks" all morning long that we didn't eat lunch until almost 3.Outrageous prices, slow service, inedible food.  Why bother?  Grab a Starbucks & scone or heck, go to the McDonalds in the Food Court for a Sausage Biscuit -- either would be much better and much much cheaper.  Save your money for gambling & your tummy real estate for better food.
4	Food was really good. We came here before we started drinking and it really hit the spot. I got a bbq burger that was bomb and the fries there are some of the best I have ever had. My friends liked their food too. The only downfall to this place is that it is not worth the price that you pay.
3	This is the MGM's version of the standard casino cafe.  It's one of the best among its type.  I've eaten here several times and the food has always been fine - basic, but fine.  I don't think I've ever had a dinner entree, but mostly stayed with breakfast, sandwiches, wraps, etc.  Yeah there are much better choices in the MGM, but it serves its purpose - a fairly large cafe menu with enough options for everyone in your group in their casual attire, open most hours of the day.
4	We stayed at the MGM and ended up coming here for brunch two days in a row. I really like that they bring you your own thermos of coffee. Considering I drink at least 2 cups, I was happily refilling my cup. Our waitress was extremely friendly and attentive. I tried the fresh berries and yogurt and granola, which were homemade. It was garnished with a mint leaf and was very fresh and delicious. The second day, all I wanted was a side of lox with my eggs and toast, but apparently the waiter wouldn't do it, even though you can add lox to another meal on the menu. Regardless, I ended up getting the bagel and lox and it was worth it. The prices here are inflated, but that's the case anywhere you go in Vegas.
2	Super overpriced and lacks the ambiance for other places in this price range. Our server was fantastic and the food very tasty, but for a couple of bucks more you could eat at Wolfgang pucks and get food worth the price.
4	Ate here two mornings in a row.  The waitresses were really nice, the food was served quick, was hot and tasty.  Value was great.  Not a long wait to be seated either, unlike many buffets that cost twice as much.  Definitly recommend
2	Good food & service, but the two stars are for the prices. Eggs and hashbrowns shouldn't cost $18. Especially when portions are small. If you like basic food, okay service at four star prices, this is the place for you. MGM used to discount their dining because of the money they make on their gaming.  Now they make a good profit off okay breakfast food.
5	I've been here on two separate trips and enjoyed it both times.  It seems kind of pricey, but I would rather pay $3-4 more to be able to sit down and have someone serve me.  I don't like buffets and get tired of having quick "food court" style meals.  Both times I got the Eggs Benedict, which is small for $15 but nice that it's not too much food.  I love that their coffee is served as a whole pot on each table and it has good cream-- none of those little cups to fiddle with! The ambiance is similar to a corporate office and it's big room that can get loud.  I didn't really notice much since I was with friends and we were having good conversation.  They have large round tables for big groups and smaller comfortable booths for 4-5 people.  I would definitely go here again.  It's a bit on the expensive side, but I love a nice (but not too fancy) breakfast!
2	The food is okay but not worth the price. For 2 omelets and 2 teas it cost us over $40.  I know its Vegas but the service is really slow.Its not your NY diner!
2	The food here is decent at best. Most recently I tried the Filet Mignon with eggs and spinach Breakfast Sliders and although nice looking, it didn't taste very good for a $20 item. I sampled the Build your Own Omelet (ham, tomatoes, and mushrooms) and New York Steak and Eggs and both were just okay.Service was also only okay. We were seated right away, but our server never refilled my juice. Studio Cafe has a variety of food choices, gives you the entire pot of coffee in a thermos and is opened 24 hours a day. However, given the many other choices at the MGM Grand, I would not eat here again.
2	One of those cheap live show ticket places was doing a great deal by combining dinner and a show.  They offered us a significant discount on a packaged night that included tickets for Ka and a 2-for-1 meal at Nob Hill (both at the MGM Grand).  Unfortunately, Nob Hill was booked up (as well as almost every other MGM Grand restaurant due to an Eagles concert) so we had to settle for their Studio Cafe.For dinner, they had a wide variety of choices, which is usually a bad sign.  Like most other casino cafes, the food was overpriced while the portions were big and filling.  We did not get anything to start except for the complimentary bread.  We also skipped dessert--mainly because they did not have much to offer.  I think they only had cupcakes for desserts.  I rarely see cupcakes on any restaurant menu (and definitely very rarely see it as the star attraction).I went with the grilled Wagyu Prime Rib.  I have had grilled prime rib before (I used to work at a restaurant that made it) and it seemed like a good option because it was both reasonably priced (compared to the other stuff) and would probably be at least okay.The prime rib was probably part-roasted and then thrown on a grill to heat up.  The prime rib was somewhat tender, but it was cooked closer to medium than medium rare.  I would imagine it would be difficult to get prime rib medium rare when you have to grill it.  Despite the Wagyu label, the quality of the meat was not that great.  The flavor wasn't great either.The sides included some mixed veggies as well as a loaded baked potato (cheese, sour cream, bacon, etc.).  The sides were pretty average.The place was pretty busy.  Service was okay.  The food came out quick.  There were definitely spots when the service was inattentive.  Getting and paying for the bill also took longer than it should have.I've visited the cafes at Bally's, Aria, Caesars, and now MGM Grand.  None of them were great experiences.  I've often had to dine at these cafes because the decision revolved around what was close and what was convenient.These cafes may be suitable for breakfast (though some of the breakfast reviews for Studio Cafe are pretty bad).  While I may give a Vegas cafe another shot for breakfast, I think I am going to avoid Vegas cafes for lunch and dinner moving forward.  They are just too overpriced for the below average food quality and typically lackluster service.
2	Meh. I've experienced better.You really only want to eat here if you have no other choice.  This is one of the only 24-hour choices in the hotel so if you don't want to venture far, this is your best bet, albeit not a very good one.The service is hit or miss here.  Sometimes I dine here and I get a great, attentive waiter deserving of a large tip.  Other times, not so much.  The menu has been cut down big time in the last few years.  What was once a multi-page menu with an abundance of selection has been whittled down to nothing but a small cardboard rectangle with some food items on it.  I'm not joking, they hardly have anything on here anymore.The food is below average.  Nothing here is very good including the massive burgers.  They are just massive assive hamburgers that only the likes of Joey Chestnut could finish.  It's one thing to be really big, but it's a completely other thing to be tasty.  These burgers are the former.The prices are what you expect from a restaurant that has no competition late at night - expensive, but what else can you expect from a Vegas cafe that sits in a humongous casino?  Be prepared to spend $20 a head here for mediocre food.  If you have a car, hit up In-N-Out across the I-15.
3	The food was good but kinda expensive, but hell, your in Vegas right? You gotta expect to overpay for stuff around here I mean people feed hundreds of dollars into machines so they can pull a lever and be disappointed.
2	As a first meal in Las Vegas, the Studio Cafe is a very poor choice indeed when compared to the food offerings.  Especially with all of the food choices at the same price range in the city.  An entree will set you back about $15 dollars, which I could have spent on a great lunch buffet at the M Resort.I had an incredibly dry beef rib roast sandwich.  Of course, they didn't advertise the sandwich as dry.  Also, they over-salted the au jous.  You don't need to salt au jous.  Not really anyways.  I would rather have no salt than oversalt.The french fries do come in a cool metal basket and the manager Daniel (name?) was fairly nice.  That's why the two stars.  The basket amused me and the manager smiled.
2	Even though I'm a local, with two major locals' casinos near home, the casino at MGM Grand has become my casino of choice, ever since I discovered that MGM is the only brand that actually rewards its players, even us little ones.  I'm now usually there once a week, on Ladies Night Out with my other poker widow friends, but I'm not a high roller by any means.  My measly few bucks has translated into generous food comps, so I now spend my gambling dough there, instead of Suncoast (best comp: a free ice cream cone) or Rampart at the Marriott (never even so much as a key chain).That usually means we're eating at Studio Cafe, and the result can be great or totally disastrous, depending on which chef showed up that night.  Since the bad times have outweighed the good ones, it's two stars instead of three.  But tonight the good chef clocked in.My friend and I shared a Reuben, and it was perfectly grilled.  The corned beef was moist and not overly fatty, and the amount of dressing was just right.  The Reuben is usually a good bet, though once in a while, when the B Team is in place, it will have to be sent back to actually get grilled instead of just toasted.My friend wanted fries, but I wanted to try to salvage an otherwise ghastly week of overindulgence - I wanted fruit.  We solved the problem by getting the fries and ordering a side of fruit.The fries, as others have probably indicated, are served in a miniature version of a fryer basket.  Tonight they were fresh, hot, and crisp, but that's not always the case here.  The fruit cup side order consisted of exactly 10 pieces (two each) of cantaloup, honeydew, watermelon, pineapple, and strawberry slices.  The waitress must have told the kitchen we were sharing, and I chuckled as I divvied up the portion, imagining someone in the back counting out each piece and making sure it was exactly equal and divisible by two.We each had coffee, one regular and one decaf.  I'm the one writing this review at 1:00 a.m., so guess which one I had!  I'm a Starbucks junkie, so I don't rate the coffee too highly.  It's barely passable, IMHO, but others may disagree. [Note: Starbucks is right next to the Cafe].Gloria was our waitress tonight; she's served us before, and she's efficient and businesslike.  The one consistent Five-Star performer at Studio Cafe is the bread that's served in a basket with meals.  It is absolutely OUTSTANDING, and I can't find bread this good anywhere else in Vegas - not in restaurants, bakeries, or supermarkets.  It's a dense, whole-grain bread covered with a fantastic New York, Eli's or Zabar's-like crispy crust.  It's the kind of stuff I'd be bringing back from the East Coast if the airlines hadn't started gouging us for checked baggage. The bread alone is worth the price of admission.  And if they ever decide to save money by changing that bread, I won't ever go back.  I'm not kidding.  It's that good.Speaking of prices, they are - ta-da - way, way too high for what is essentially a coffee shop.  Sandwiches are around $15-16.  But if you're a tourist staying on the Strip, and want sit-down service that's a notch above the nearby Denny's, and more choices than the McDonald's in MGM's  miserable excuse for a food court, then you can give Studio Cafe a try.  And hope that the A-Team is working.
2	After being a reputed Excalibur lover (mainly for the inexpensive hotel rates and my reasoning being that most of the time I'm going to be too inebriated to care), I finally stayed at another casino. My family decided to have a family reunion, and we decides on Vegas to be the spot where we all congregated together. Although I do enjoy fine wining and dining, I usually prefer cheap spots because the outrageous prices for drinks (although it's a well known fact) can burn a hole in anyone's wallet. On the day of our departure, my Uncle forced us to have brunch and he decided on having it at Studio Cafe. I'm definitely not a breakfast kind of person...my idea if one bowl of cereal, and that will satisfy my hunger pangs. But since we were all being forced to spend quality family time, I had to conceal my disappointment and attend. When we were seated (which was a relatively painless process since we weren't in Vegas on one of the crowded weekends) I scanned the menu for something comparatively cheap. Voila!  My mouth salivated for some French Toast, and that's what I ordered. It was quite expensive, and yes, I do agree, Vegas is expensive but I had to pay 14 bucks for it! I envisioned how moist and delicious it would be, with large slices of bread, divided in four mouth watering slices. My hunger pangs were taking over now, and I was slightly impatient at waiting. The service was quick, especially for a group as large as ours (10) and we received our food in a span of twenty minutes. When they handed me my French toast, I was utterly disappointed! The slices were unbelievably small! I shrugged my shoulders, and generously poured maple syrup all over my meal, eagerly anticipating a bite. Again...disappointment! I finished it up, anyway, because for the money paid, I felt guilty about wasting a bite. Usually, I savor French toast, but I was repulsed by it and tried to repress my nausea. The only good thing about the meal was that it was small, and I finished it quickly. What a painstaking process! I'm not knowledgeable about other items on the menu, but I won't be eager to return. Sorry, Studio Cafe! I love MGM, but not you.
3	Went here for lunch one day, and ordered the pulled beef french dip sandwich.  The beef was tender and flavorful, and the au jus was good, not too salty like a lot of places make it.  The sandwich had grilled onions, which was a nice touch. The plate came with little basket of fries that were pretty tasty. The portions are pretty good, and the service was decent.  The price was a bit steep, $16 for a sandwich and fries, but hey, its Vegas.
3	Their white peach crepes are pretty good. It's not a bad place to go for breakfast after 11am. It won't be a cheap breakfast though.
3	it was good...   my omelette kinda sucked...  but my mine issue was just too expensive for the food & service recieved...
3	I had the French Dip sandwich and it was very delicious! Free bread too! My boyfriend had the cowboy steak, but he said the veggies left his mouth feeling "oily" all night. Hmm.Pros: Good service, quiet, decent food.Cons: A bit pricey.
1	This place is horrible.  The service sucks.  We had to ask for water any time we wanted it.  Our server couldn't speak or understand english.  The food took 45 minutes f to arrive and when we asked on its status our waiter shrugged and said something that sounded like its cooking.  When we explained we had a flight to catch he just walked away.A waitress overheard this and gave us fruit bowls and said she talked to the cooks and moved our order up which was nice.  I'm not even sure our orders got relayed to the cooks originally.The food itself was very mediocre.  On the plus side they give you a lot of bacon.  I think I had 6 slices maybe.To top things off when the food arrived we requested the check so we could leave as soon as we were done eating.  Our waiter shuffles through the checks and apparently he can't read along with not being able to speak or understand english.  After an awkward minute he thrusts a check on the table.  Needless to say when we looked at it it was the wrong order.
2	Hey it was a comped meal so we weren't complaining too much, but I definitely see what the poor reviews are talking about.  Slice the price in half and maybe you're talking a 3 star joint.  But the burgers here cost more that Bobby Flay's at Mesa Grill - and he is truly the Burger King.Ok, the reuben wasn't bad, but for $17 it should have a pickle on the side!  The philly steak salad was a total gimmick.  The only thing that is really good here are the fries.  But we had to send back the first order because they were cold.  Second go around was good, but definitely wouldn't pay to eat here.
3	We were somewhat disappointed with our experience here and now that I see other reviews, it appears to be the pattern for this place.Our waiter was very nice and took our orders quickly.  Waters were refilled fast, etc.  The problem started when my friend ordered her eggs poached hard, as she has a thing about egg yolk, and they arrived very runny.  The waiter took it away to get it fixed and I'm not sure if he requested it or not but I personally think that incorrect orders should be put ahead of new ones.My Southwest Scramble was actually quite tasty, and my friend had a few bites while she waited for her dish.  25 minutes go by, and several other patron's dishes came out of the kitchen.  My friend ordered a few sides to make herself a salad at the table because she was starving and still no word on her food.  Finally when her food arrived, she was no longer hungry, it wasn't warm, and wasn't very good.  :( We totally understood that mistakes happen but it shouldn't have taken that long for her dish to come back out.  Our bill had the full amount but the manager took it off immediately once we called him over to explain, and he thanked us for our feedback.  So eh.. my plate was good, but I doubt with all the places to eat in Vegas that I'll be back in a hurry.
1	My mom, who is like, 1000 years old, LOVES this place.  We did a weekend in Vegas, family style and we ate here for almost every meal.  IT WAS HORRIBLE.  The food just *tastes* cheap.  Like they sourced it from the guy who used the most artificial ingredients and was capable of storing food for the longest.  Maybe the actual dish even came from Iowa.  I had breakfasts, lunch, and even a dinner there.  All of it came out hot, but taste was left somewhere in Nebraska.  And it's NOT cheap for a casino cafe, it's ridiculous the price you pay.  Like, the waffle is $12 and it had maybe 4 strawberries on it.  I tell people not to eat here, then they do, then they hate it.  Save yourself the time.  If you want fast, cheap food, hit up the food court.
3	I honestly don't think this place is as bad as everyone says....granted I came here out of desperation as I was trying to recover from the most hideous hangover. BUT on other occasions I found it not to be so bad as an MGM guest. Let me explain...Visits 1 & 2: Had a $50 food credit as an MGM guest soo after a night out at Studio 54 and a pretty good buzz, the philly cheesesteak sandwich & the fajitas were a gift from God...it totally helped that we didn't have to pay for them.  But really...they tasted good.Visit 3: Recovering from the worst hangover.  My bf & I were staying at the Signature and by principle would not order from room service bc everything was over $20 practically.  So I dug deep and mustered the strength to go down to the MGM Grand to get some dinner.  I wasn't in the mood for anything in the food court so I decided to go to Studio Cafe.  I ordered the club sandwich, chicken noodle soup, & orange juice which came out to around $26.  I must admit it on the pricey side which I whined about for 5 minutes to myself.  But the food wasn't that bad.  The Club sandwich was pretty legit and was more than enough to feed one person.  It took me 3 meals to finish the whole thing so I was pretty happy overall.  Didn't try the chicken noodle bc it was for my bf...but I assume it did its job.All in all...not a first choice by any means. BUT if you are staying at the MGM and need some takeout or don't want greasy fast food then I would say you should at least take Studio Cafe into consideration.
3	came here for breakfast after a night of drinking... to me breakfast is breakfast im not a big fan of it but dont know if the food was the food was good because i was hung over or it was just plain good...the cool thin was Jason Alexander sat next to My Wife and I wile we were eating and we got to say hello... My wife hates him but I think hes a funny guy... I would come back here for some Breakfast...
2	This place is a bit pricey....However, all of MGM eateries are expensive! I spent $25 on hot coco and a turkey sandwich! I wouldn't recommend what I ordered. It wasn't very tasty at all. Subway may have been a better deal...
3	Came here for brunch before leaving Vegas- one of our friends was here so we thought the place looked decent.The server was really nice and friendly but the food was OK.I had a reuben (hold the thousand Island dressing) served on marbled rye with fries. Seriously I would only come back here to order the fries, they were pretty tasty but the price of the sandwich was something like $12.95, it totally was not worth it.
4	Filet and lobster....amazing!
2	2 stars. Why? The breakfast here is no better than most 24 hour cafes in Vegas hotels. However, they do charge a lot more! Too bad, because the service was pretty friendly, and the chicken apple sausage was decent. The eggs and potatoes were just okay, and I've had much better tasting orange juice. Why is this review kinda blah? Because the food was kinda blah. Much better options in Vegas. Use Yelp to find them!!!
3	breakfast always taste good, especially if you are intoxicated, but for some reason...studio cafe didn't hit the spot for me. everything was either really bland or really salty. BUT THANK YOU TO THE WAITRESS WHO REFILLED MY WATER 987345743574574385 TIMES without me even asking! i love you.
1	Skip it! The service was bad! I waited over a half an hour just to place an order and it was slow. The food was decent but not great. But the service alone was just brutal. The bartenders were busy counting tips while customers were trying to place orders and my waiter was just non existent for 3 tables.??
3	same quality food as the Grand Buffet. Just spend a few more dollars for the all you can eat option there.
3	In my recent visit to Vegas, we stopped at the MGM for breakfast and the Studio Cafe got the call.  It was a decently decorated, yet standard menu breakfast spot.I ordered the Eggs Benedict Sliders that came with Hash Browns.  Great concept! The pig came in the form of "shaved pork loin," which was also appealing. It arrived and I couldn't wait!  (Cue the sad "whaah, whaah" horn). The hollandaise SUCKED! It was like sour/bitter, it really killed the meal. It had so much potential... One other negative, the price.  Like most Vegas overcharges - $56 for breakfast for two. With that price tag, you had better be good. This...wasn't.2.75 Stars.
1	Mmm ummm can't say I'm surprised with these ratings... It's Vegas morning number 1 and we are gagging it for some proper BFest... Not a buffet though, but an actual breakfast dedicated restaurant. Yelp App for the rescue.... (Now I just wish to point out that I didn't do the search because I would have checked out the reviews.. Anyways...) At first the place looks legit and I imagines myself shoving my face with an Omelet (and) or a pancake pile with syrup and strawberries.... So with big huge steps we stepped in and were seated right away at a booth we've been eye-ing out! NICE. The lady, who helped us to the table was really nice. That's for the good stuff. We waited and waited for ages and ages for the approach of our waitress, if only just to order some (much much needed) coffee, water and Orange Juice. Waited and waited, and managed to work out what we want. Twice. Nope, no one??? Errrrrr..... Hmmmm..... I swear, maybe 20 minutes later a lady passed by advising that she will be right there with us... (Now, the place was busy, but they had 5 people clearing tables and 4 people sitting customers... Why aren't there any waitresses??) We finally ordered and after another 20 or so minutes we received our bland tasteless food. Mehhh, what a disappointment. Hold on, where's my shake?? Ohh mann.... To be honest if the food was good I wouldn't even mind the slow and bland service.. Honest..... BUT because the food was such a disappointment (and the price was sky high) the lack of good and excellent service seemed to be an insult to an injury kindda thing. SKIP this place and just have a buffet.
2	service is okay. But the food is horrible. Got the chicken club sandwich and it was absolutely bad. Chicken was cold. Ordered mushroom burger and it was very bad too. Ordered almond granola with yogurt, it was eh.. Ordered spinach dip and it was okay. Overall, this place is a must skip.
4	Some had omelets and I had a patty melt.  Delicious.  The fry's come in a metal basket I always ask for extra crispy and I wasn't disappointed.  Service was ok but it was really busy so it was understandable.
3	Hubby and I ordered take out from Studio Cafe one night; it was decent but we thought a little overpriced for 1 sandwich and an appetizer.  We ordered chicken fingers and a club sandwich, it took 15 minutes to get our order.  We did get A LOT of food for our money but still the wait just put us in a bad mood, if we knew it would take that long we would have just eaten in the restaurant.  We just wanted to get food and go back to our room.  When we opened the bag there was sooo much food.  The chicken fingers were more like breaded chicken breasts with a lot of fries on the side.  The sandwich was probably 4 inches thick and difficult to eat with a lot of fries on the side.  If we knew it would be so much, we would have just ordered one meal.  We were leaving the next day and had to toss almost half of the food because it was too much to eat.  The chicken fingers were a little dry and salty.  The only problem with the sandwich was the biting into it.
2	If the MGM Grand Studio Cafe was an aspiring actor, it would be working as a waiter. Plenty of looks, but loud and talentless. My breakfast there was bland overall and overpriced. The toast was cold, the scrambled eggs runny and the hash browns dull. About the only positives were the service and the crispy bacon. The restaurant is very loud too, making conversation difficult. You might not want to go there if you are hungover. There are better places to have breakfast in Las Vegas.
2	Four of us had breakfast here. Service was good, food was out fast. We each had a basic breakfast of eggs, bacon, hash browns. Nothing special here. $75!! When will I learn my lesson and stop eating in hotels and just walk a block to Denny's?
2	Overpriced breakfast, especially for a cafe. Most of the breakfast items ranged from about $15-20 on average and the quality of the food wasn't as great. With that price, I can head out to a breakfast buffet and stuff myself until I get a food coma.
2	Overpriced and boring.Cant say much else. It was THAT uneventful.Though i got some sort of chicken burger thing, and it had a like, jalapeno slaw on it.That was good.  So, if expensive slaw is your thing....
1	Not sure Vegas could offer a worse send off, but this dining experience tried hard.  We were looking for a place to get a bite to eat before flying home.  We were seated quickly and the place was fairly busy but there were still tables available.   The waitress came and asked about a drink order.  She was pleasant enough during the meal, so this review is about the ridiculously long way for inedible food.Finally our meal arrived....  Biscuits and gravy monkey bread and ricotta pancakes with lemon curd.   The biscuits and gravy had been sitting for a while... We knew this because the gravy had congealed and started to. Form a crust.    Despite saying I had a nut allergy she brought the monkey bread which is made with nuts.  But the worst was the pancake....  I took a bite and it was like eating raw dough.  I thought the cheese might have been the issue but I just don't believe it was made properly.   So, we asked for the check and the manager came over.  He took the bread off and offers to take the pancakes off.  I said no.  I should have said yes.  The food was awful.  I had three bites and nearly vomited on the last one.  The texture and taste were horrible.  Even without the monkey bread, this was a $50 mistake.The manager asked us to return so they could have another chance.....  I don't see that ever happening.   WORST DINING EXPERIENCE IN VEGAS.....
2	The food is edible, but that's about it. The prices are also typical for the strip, $15 for an omelet or scramble  at breakfast.
5	This place gets five stars due to our waiter. The food was good, but our waiter was super and so nice. I ordered some egg thing, thinking it came with the bacon, hash, cheese on the side, but it was an omelet mix? Basically scrambled eggs, no I am not that dumb to see if it was in the omelet section because it wasn't lol! However, I asked if I could have something else because I did not know that it was supposed to be like this, and he got me what I wanted, and even went the extra mile as to bring me fruit to munch on as I waited. I was so impressed that I left a comment for the manager, saying that I did not know if that was mandatory or just him, but I appreciated it! Great service and the food, particularly the breakfast, is awesome!
1	Ok our server Yosef either is not paying attention or has ADD. simple order of 2 hamburgers with no cheese. Guess what! We end up getting 2 cheeseburgers. For $16.00 a hamburger, you would think the server could get it right.Now I am fair when a place is busy, but it was empty and he only had 2 tables to serve!Our server got his tables mixed up, by taking the order of 2 people that came after us. Plus he forgot to serve us water. He got the other tables right, but realized he fuc*ed up when he came to our table with a pitcher of water to pour in our glasses he never gave us! IDIOT2 hambugers with fries and 2 diet cokes! $42.16... McDonalds looked better after this experience.you want to pay $16.00 for a hambuger, you better not mess up my order! OK! the meat was a good size! not a juicy buger, but a good burger. The fries were your typical standard size.Nothing on it but salt.But the menu needed crayons to go with it. It was a piece of paper and the selection wasnt alot. For paying a high price, you would think u will receive a better menu selection.Guess the managers didnt want to make it difficult for the waiter!never come back here!
4	The best huevo ranchero I've ever had!!
1	Food looks great, tastes like sand...I happened to hurt my back while inVegas, so we needed a quick dinner that was in the MGM grand.  This place looked promising... And the concierge pointed out it was the closest to the hotel elevators... LIESFirst off the service was horrible, had to ask multiple times for refills, server didn't care if the food was cooked to our specifications.  It was the worst service we ever had.  Plus we had to wait a LONG time for our food.  My husband ordered the cowboy ribeye, I ordered the Marguerite pizza to split with our daughter and some fries.  The food looked amazing... But it failed to deliver on favor each time.  The steak was so charred and under seasoned it tasted of smoke and burnt meat, and nothing else.  When we tried to salt it, every salt shaker was empty on our table and took us a full15 minute to even make eye contact with our server.Even with the addition of salt, the steak was a fail, and a 30 bucks it should have been at minimum edible.  This is Vegas, Ive had amazing 10$ steaks, so this was truly unacceptable.  The veggies were very nice though, and our daughter gobbled it up over the fries.  YES she actually chose to eat veggies over the French fries... That's how horribly mediocre the fries were.  My pizza was boring, no tomato sauce, but halved cherry tomatoes on top... Not really my thing.  The crust was burnt and tasteless like shoe leather.  Our bill came to over $60 and we were so unsatisfied... My irritation with our mediocre meal grew when we passed the wolfgang puck cafe on our way back to our room.  We could have had a REAL meal for the same price!
2	On our recent trip to Vegas my girlfriend and I decided to stop here for a quick lunch. The food was actually quite good and the prices were reasonable. Well, with the exception of the soda. Two SMALL Cokes (which were obviously fountain pop) cost a grand total of $8.00. I know that doesn't sound like much, but for two small drinks packed with ice? Come on!!We were seated quite fast but found it interesting that our server had to wait for a table for two to be cleared off when I could clearly see several of them from where I was standing. Once we were seated our server was friendly and quick to bring us our drinks and take our order. This is where the speedy service stopped. We had to wait a long time for our food to arrive. Even after repeated assurances by our server that she had just checked on it and it was on its way out.I was also disappointed by the noise level in the restaurant. I understand that it is located directly off of a Vegas casino, but dear God was it loud.I can honestly say that with all the other options for food in Vegas, this place is only good for a really late night lunch.
4	Hostess was super nice! Took a while for our server to show up, but once he got to us everything was relatively smooth, just at a turtle's pace. The food was way better than I expected! We had their Studio Benedict and it was delicious! The eggs were poached beautifully and the hollandaise sauce had a tasty tang to it. We also had their omelet and that was wonderfully done. Their hash browns could of maybe been cooked a little longer, but it was edible. Overall, yes the service is a little slow, but you are in Vegas so what's the hurry? However, the food was really good for the price!
3	Food was pretty good overall and the portion sizes were pretty good. I had a grilled chicken club and it was really good and a good size. The fries were very good. Service was very slow at some points which kinda pissed me off. Took like 15-20 minutes after being seated to have our orders taken, and then another 30 to get our food from there. Kind of ridiculous wait for a group of 6 especially as it was not very crowded at all
4	Good food, but overpriced as is most of Las Vegas.  But at least the food wsa really good for all 5 of us.
1	What a crap hole. Get it together MGM. First off, this place isn't 24 hours like a lot of casino cafes are. So if you were hoping to grab a late night bite, you are SOL my friend.We came here for a hang over induced breakfast at around 10am. The place wasn't very crowded at all, which is to be expected for a Wednesday. We were seated promptly and with menus. Then we waited like a camel in the desert for some water. I almost got up to go to starbucks next door for some badly needed water and coffee when suddenly a manager came over and asked what was wrong. I explained we hadn't even got waters, let alone service. He apologized and our waitress arrived with two waters.Several minutes later (and two refills needed) she took our order and arrived with coffee. I must say, the one star here is mainly for the yummy coffee. The prices for breakfast were astronomical. $16 for three pancakes that were of Denny's quality. $18 for Huevos Rancheros with green salsa and misplaced beef chorizo. Do yourself a favor and skip this place. Give room service a go, or hit starbucks instead.
4	It was a good thing my husband and I made it here before all the drunk people woke up for breakfast.  We got the short ribs benedict, a fruit plate, and a strawberry mimosa.  I only had a couple bites of the benedict, but it was DE-lish.  I just love short ribs in any shape or form!  The plate of fruit was pretty huge and they give you a good variety.  I don't think I was able to finish it.  The strawberry mimosa was yummy as well and our waitress was super friendly!
5	Came here for breakfast before Wet Republic Labor Day weekend.  Had steak and eggs.  The food was cooked perfectly and the waitress was overly friendly/accommodating, which might have been because of my outfit, but non the less was really cool and gave some good tips for the pool time parties.  I would come back here in a heart beat.  The quality was a trillion times better than the dump holes we ate the prior day.  Only bummer, was the price of the meals was a little high, but I have to give a big shout out to MGM and thank for picking up the tab, since I won a bunch of money from them the night before.  You guys rock ;)
3	Came here 2 times over labor day weekend.  Both times we went late.  First time service was great, 2nd time we where almost kicked out by the bar attendant.  He was extremely angry that the girl let us in, he said he "wasen't allowed" to take anyone after 1am.  First of all, HELLO arent we in Vegas where a lot of people eat late after a nigh of drinking?  I remember before these cafes used to be open 24/7, and now they're "union" so they get to close (HATE unions). Enerways, in my drunken state I ordered the club sandwich both times.  I is VERY big, with plenty of meat, only ate half, the fries where very tasty. It seemed a lil pricey, but hey, in vegas anything goes right??
4	Yeah, it was expensive, but our sandwiches were huge and tasty and the service was good. Also, we were able to sit at the bar and have a beer while watching the women's world cup soccer game, which couldn't be done at most other restaurants we checked out before stopping here.
2	7 people in our party.  Nobody ranted or raved about their food and mine (eggs benedict) wasn't anything to call home about.  I've made better at home.
4	WHAT THE FRICK.WHY IS THIS POORLY RATED?!I thought this place was bomb! Their chicken strips?? MM! (The only thing that sucks about this place, is they charge extra for ranch..the hell would do that?!) But, our second waiter was kind enough to give us a giant cup of ranch to go..for free :DA bit pricey though..well of course, it IS Vegas afterall..but for 4 people, pretty much JUST food..the bill was over 100 buckaroonies. Went here for the second time, and we ordered some more chicken strips, pizza, and chicken wings. THEIR CHICKEN WINGS ARE SO CRISPY DELICIOUSLY DELICIOUS..OMG. We ordered another round. (Well, because my dad was super duper drunk status..and well yeah self explanatory.) But..damn, they are GOOD! The waitress was being a bit bitchy though. I asked for a straw, and she said, "HUH?!?!?!" across the room. Really lady? And she pretty much threw the straw at me. Also, I asked for some hot green tea, and she spilled the hot water all over the table..AND didn't clean it up. Poopy ass waitress. Other than her whack self, I enjoyed the meals from here :]
1	What a complete rip-off for a "cafe'"  Holy Crapoli.  Had breakfast here one morning this week while staying at the MGM Grand and was too hungry to go hunting for options. but wow.  $26 for two eggs, two strips of bacon and potatoes.  Ridiculous.  Pathetic.
4	My husband and I ate there this morning. He got the French toast and I got huevos rancheros, and they were both very good. The service was great, the coffee was actually really good as well, and we intend to go back on this trip. The only negative aspect about it would probably be that it's a little over-priced, but other than that it was a nice place for breakfast at least.
1	Ugh. Horrible food with horrible service at ridiculously high prices. I'm pretty sure this is also where they get their room service food from as the menu was identical to the one in the room.I ordered the quesadilla through room service and it was the WORST quesadilla I have ever had (seriously. How do you screw up a quesadilla???) Not knowing it was the same kitchen, i went here for a quick lunch and had the absolute worst BLT and the most disgusting glass of ice tea I have ever had in my life. Horrible. Avoid at all costs.
3	We stumbled in here before leaving Vegas and boy were we famished.  We were tired of walking down the strip and just wanted to eat somewhere regardless of how ridiculously overpriced it was.      Into the Studio Cafe, I ordered a hamburger with fries and my boyfriend ordered a chicken sandwhich plain with cheese.  My burger came out ok but the chicken sandwhich is another story.  One would think that for 15 bucks/meal that the order would be correct.  The sandwhich came loaded with the jalapeno ranch coleslaw.  I will say that their fries were great!  Like all hotel restaurants, it was overpriced but what are your other options when you tired of walking or just tired?
1	Mamma Mia....what a mallisimo experience...complete armpit smelly horse throw up.We were starving and believed this place would satisfy my hunger.  I ended up paying almost $20 for a two egg omelet that included scraps of bacon.  The customer service was even worse as I had to ask for water every single time I ran out.  Horrible place inside the MGM....never breathing their air again.
1	Tiny portions and way bland food. Skip this one altogether.
2	food was "6"... but the service is excellent.. the price was ridiculous expensive, never wanna go back again... pay 16$ for just a waffle, me and my husband spend $60. we rather go to buffett, MEH!!
3	Had breakfast here one morning while walking the strip.I ordered: 2 eggs, over medium, rye toast, bacon, hash browns.Eggs: undercooked.  I generally go over medium when out, just so my whites are fully cooked.  These weren't.Bacon: delightful.  Applewood smoked, thick sliced.Toast: I love rye toast.  What can I say?Hash browns:  These were GOOD.  They were crispy, hot, and well seasoned.My BF ordered just a side of corned beef hash, which had great flavor, but the texture wasn't quite there for me.  He loved it though.Would I come back here for breakfast?  Probably not for the price... but I think that's pretty standard anywhere in Vegas, yeah?
1	I Hop & dennys quality for Mandarin oriental prices. Bad just Bad...Had breakfast. Service was Slow...Hosts had an attitude. We are owner & platnium member of the Signature & dont have to wait in line. Thats the only reason we Went there. Bad decision. Never again.
3	A good place to regroup and recover. The eggs benedict is okay and their ruben sandwich is HUGE. Our waitress Carol sung to us. Prices were high, buts its Vegas, are you really that surprised?
2	It's a better value than the MGM buffet, but the food's nothing to write home about.It's a Vegas coffee shop. They serve breakfast, burgers and sandwiches. The food was OK, and the bill wasn't anywhere near as expensive as the buffet (not to mention how awful the food was at the buffet). The portions are generous. 2 people could split a club sandwich they're that big.Serviceis slow, but there's always Keno to keep you busy.
2	I seem to recall this place was actually a mix of good value and food in the mists of time.  I think I must've broke my brain in Vegas at some point, as two visits here on a recent trip confirmed the diametric opposite.A simple breakfast was meager, in fact damned stingy, even at Vegas prices.  A couple eggs, a sad side of dry, lifeless potatoes, two barely meat related, grey discs of sausage patties and a side of bread.  $16. Ouch.A repeat visit stung me for the same amount of hard earned cash for a very basic club sandwich, that could have well been in an Oscar Meyer packet minutes before it hit my sandwich.  Erg.Service was rushed, but to be fair was apologetic for the various mishaps that affected each meal here - slow food, poor food, forgotten orders, missing drinks etc etc.The menu had changed since I had last visited so maybe they broke it, or maybe its just my memory that's broken.  Either way, won't be back.
5	Omg!! Start out with super rich coffee... Wife had the breakfast sliders, waffle potatoes and fruit granola, I had the breakfast pizza. Quick food, friendly staff, this isn't even the hotel I'm staying at but I'll be back
1	Warning. Please listen to me and DO NOT go here. This is the absolutely worse place to eat in Vegas. You will regret it. Look at the people sitting around you. The food is nasty, prices sky high, and the service is slow and odd. A 16 year old at Crapplebees could do better! Nothing else open? Get in a cab and go to In-N-Out Burger at least. MGM sucks when it comes to restaurants.
4	Just returned from a meeting at the MGM in Vegas.  Studio Cafe has a great breakfast menu.  I ate there every morning and all menu items were very good and price was reasonable.
2	Probably not going to eat here again. While there was a decent menu selection it was WAY over priced considering the other options in MGM let alone Vegas. I paid almost 20 dollars for a po-boy sand which that took forever to reach me and I was at the bar. I paid less for a far superior po-boy at Emerils, in the same hotel and with better service.Just not worth the wait, and for some strange reason, there was a wait.
2	One thing that irritates me is when restaurants over charge for breakfast. Seriously- what does a few eggs, 3 strips of bacon, a few silver dollar pancakes and a handful of potatoes cost to make? I guarantee you it is not the $16.00 that Studio Cafe charges for this standard breakfast. If I am paying $16.00 for breakfast, it better be really good and there needs to be leftovers. Bottom line, the scrambled eggs were slightly underdone and luke warm at best. The bacon was on par with what you would find at your local Denny's, and the potatoes were a pile of garbage. The service was spotty at best. After our waitress took our order, I didn't see her again till she dropped off the bill. Someone else dropped off our food, and no one refilled our drinks. There are plenty of better options off the strip....much cheaper. I won't be coming back anytime soon.
2	Meh.I had to ask for water twice.  The second time was when my meal came, and I was still left drinkless.  I waited and waited some more, staring at my plate, and finally was given not one, but two glasses of water; as if two late should make up for one on time.My Ruben was terribly dry.  I drenched it with a full mini bottle of dijon, but even that didn't help much.  A pickle would have been nice too.  For $15, I'd hope to get something that was at least half way decent.  I must say I was a bit disappointed, even for cafe standards.My only tips in coming here would be to keep your expectations low, and don't forget to redeem your Player's Card comp dollars to pay for part or all of your bill.
3	Great breakfat service which is par for the course. My wife is very picky about her eggs over and they came out perfect. My stack of pancakes was huge and maybe just a touch heavy. Side dish of fruit was heavy on melons with a few pieces of pineapples and a good portion of blueberries. All in all, a good breakfast in a convenient location. Overpriced but what isn't in a Vegas Hotel / Casino.
5	Let me say, in a city where service is dead, where people treat customers like cattle, I was blown away to have SUPERB customer service at this place. Our food came out late and, even without complaining, the waitress told her manager we were waiting for awhile and the manager comped our meal proactively. They couldn't have been nicer and BREAKFAST WAS BOMB. I am so impressed they still care about customer service, a rarity in Vegas, so this place gets 5 stars from me.
4	I had a blast here! Perhaps because I was with my boyfriend and his family and the restaurant was slow and his grandpa (who rocks) works here and everyone knew him! We had all types of wacky conversations with the waiters and waitresses and teh food was a-okay!Good environment!
4	My family really enjoyed our meal here. There was a variety and we had good service. It was a little expensive, but it was the closest thing to us that was open when we were looking for a late dinner after doing the CBS Television City activity.
3	3.5 stars. Came in here for breakfast and everything was decent. Yes, you will pay hotel prices. Yes, the food is not worth it. But it's hotel food. What do you expect?We ordered French Toast and sausage and eggs, and I have to say, the food was surprisingly good. Not I want to eat everyday good, but it was very well made french toast and the sausage and eggs were cooked perfectly. The chicken apple sausage had surprisingly good flavor to it. I assume it's some market brand, but it was good enough to make me want to know what brand it was, haha.Service was A-OK, as was the coffee.If I was staying here I wouldn't mind coming back here, especially since your other options are the food court with terrible McDonalds/cafeteria food, or walking outside.
2	I've been here twice and had very different experiences.  When I went for breakfast it was very tasty and no complaints.  The second time we went for lunch.  Three of ordered burgers with different cheeses, buns, etc.  All three burgers came to the table with the wrong combinations.  And we had asked for them to be cooked medium and they were definitely medium rare.  When they came to the table we pointed out the mistakes and the waiter took the plates away without really saying anything, no apology, no promise to hurry the new food.It took a long time to get our new food and there was no comunication fromt he wait staff.  The new burgers finally came and they were very dry, cleary had just be switched to make them the right orders, but not a brand new burger.  No discount was taken off the bill or anything to compensate for their mistakes.  Will not be going back here.
2	My friends and I all ordered breakfast. The food was mediocre but edible. However, I was not satisfied. If I am going to pay $17 for eggs benedict, I expect it to be above average. In this case, it was just meh.
2	Wow this place is overpriced! $16 for chicken fingers and fries?? Granted the portion was really big (6 pieces of chicken), but still it's not like they were coated with truffles.  Expect to pay $16-20+ for standard cafe fare - salads, burger and sandwiches. The best deal was probably the prime rib for $28 which was a huge slab of meat. The food also took a while to come out even though the restaurant was pretty empty.The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because our server was really great. He was friendly, knowledgeable and efficient. I think MGM really needs to step up their dining options. I'd really like something good to eat that's priced between McDonalds and Joel Robuchon.
1	Let me tell you something.  I don't care how tired you are.  I don't care how hungry you are.  If you are near this place and you want a burger.  Walk outside, get in a cab, go to Caesar's, go to Bradley Ogden's and get the burger at the bar.  Same price.  A world of difference.  After eating the burger I felt cheated, bamboozled.  There are plenty of great burgers in Vegas and this place has the balls to claim this is a world famous burger?  Jeez.  Let me deconstruct this for you.  Bun - tough.  Burger - dry, chewy. (It sure wasn't cooked medium).  Fries - Meh.  And let me tell you about Mr. Personality working at the bar.  I felt like I was putting him out sitting at his bar ordering his food, giving him my money.As the Who so famously put it,  " I won't get fooled again"
4	Came here on July 22nd for breakfast. I had the two egg breakfast with fruit instead of meat. It was good, not spectacular. I really liked their potatoes. The service was good and our hostess and waitress were very nice. We were meeting an old friend of my boyfriend's and this was their first time seeing each other in ages. My boyfriend went up to the hostess to notify her and they were very helpful and understanding. What will bring me back here is the classic bloody mary! Yumm! That was really good. The prices are a little up there, but it is reasonable compared to everything else at the MGM. And on a hot day, it makes it easy to walk from the Signature (where we were staying) to this restaurant without having to go outside. I'm sure I'll be back here next time I'm in town, just for the bloody mary!
1	I am amazed at how far this place has sunk in the 2 years since I've eaten there. I ordered the Country Skillet for breakfast. It should have been a simple enough dish to make -- eggs, bacon sausage and cheese all scrambled together. With a little side of "country potatoes" the price of $15 seemed high, but I went for it anyway.It was probably the worst egg dish I've ever had in my life. First. of all, like many places seem to be doing now, portion size has been cut dramatically. It's like a child portion now. The eggs themselves were dry, the sausage and bacon overcooked, and the cheese looked more like Velveeta than real cheese. The side of potatoes was very sad. They had diced it into these little cubes that were tasteless and as undercooked as the main dish was overcooked. It was horrible and the tiny portion size on a large plate made it look even more ridiculous. I complained and the manager offered to have the "chef" remake it. It turned out as horrible as the first dish. And though she cut the bill by $5, it wasn't worth even $3. Never again.
1	Very overpriced and merely adequate food. Think Denny's with LV hotel prices.  I will not return.
1	The Studio Cafe was absolutely terrible and I would NOT recommend it to anyone. I ordered a roast beef french dip that was completely full of fat. I ate two bites and the  server asked how it was and I told him it was disgusting. He looked at me so shocked, although there was nothing but fat covering my entire plate. GROSS! He begged me to get something else off of the menu, but after my experience of the $17 "roast beef" sandwich, and waiting over 30 minutes to get it-I wasn't going to go through that again. You are better off eating at the McDonalds in the food court and saving $10 extra, atleast you know what you are going to get. The only good thing was that he took it off of the bill, but I still left hungry. I will NOT be going back here again.
3	Hmmm, really waffled between 2 and 3 stars here, due to value.  Astonishingly high prices.  I landed on the 3 star side since the food was ok and the service decent.A fresh baked loaf of bread preceded dinner.  Ok, but wifey noted a little burnt.I had the prime rib $28,  ordered medium rare, and like most places in Vegas prime rib is a well mastered art, it arrived perfect, and HUGE, i'm guessing this was at least 16oz.  An overdone baked potato came with butter/sour cream on the side, and a surprisingly refreshing southwestern corn concoction.  The wifes reuben was half pastrami and was pretty good, she said the sauerkraut left alot to be desired.  Soft drinks were an apoplectic $4.50 each, good god.  No refills were proferred.
1	This place sucks. Wow, I don't think I've ever started a review with something so stupid but this place really does suck and I said it!First of all, it looks like an old run down buffet. I was just craving a chicken sandwich on our last day and this place was bragging about their burgers. Once we sat down we saw that their burgers were ridiculously overpriced. Like most were $17 or more. Usually I've only seen prices like that for burgers at very nice hotels or fancy restaurants at lunch. If they are trying to make this place a high end burger place they should start with a massive remodel. This restaurant is ugly, old and depressing looking.I didn't feel like going to another place since we were going to get on then road right after. We decided to share the $17 chicken sandwich & stop later when we got hungry again since we weren't super-hungry at that time.The food took more than 30 minutes to come. Even though I wasn't super hungry when we ordered, after waiting that long I was. The restaurant wasn't even that busy. When the food finally came it was barely warm and the fries were cold. Completely unacceptable. We were so hungry that we scarfed down the burger before the server came by to check on us, which was also at least 10 minutes. I told the server the food had come out cold. I asked him of he could exchange the fries with some fresh ones, because if I'm going to eat unhealthy food I want it to at least be good. Fresh fries came out within 2 minutes.When the check came I was irritated to see that I had been charged $2 for a small side of BBQ. If I'm paying $17 for a sandwich with no type of sauce then I don't think I should be charged $2 for a condiment. And $2 is ridiculous for any condiment.  I've never done this before, but I actually asked the server to remove the charge and he did. I just thought for such a disappointing meal that was ridiculous.I will never eat here again. I would rather eat at McDonalds or pay a few bucks more and eat at Fiamma or somewhere that's actually nice.
1	During our most recent stay at the MGM Grand, I dined at the Studio Cafe for breakfast one morning with my sister. I can honestly say it was the most disappointing meal and service during our entire trip to Las Vegas.We waited at least 10 minutes for our server to come over to our table and I'm pretty sure the only reason she finally came was that she saw me get up to go complain about not having a server.I explained I had a gluten allergy and she just looked at me with 4 eyes and shook her head up and down like she understood but I really knew she didn't.Based on this experience, I hesitated on eating there but we were starving so I just gave in. I ended up ordering a cheese omelet after verifying they did not put pancake batter in their eggs.We waited about 25 minutes for our food. My omelet was okay. I didn't end up sick after eating there but I wasn't impressed with it enough for the $25 bill. I was charged $2 for a side of sour cream and $4.99 for our coffee.I would not recommend this restaurant as an option for anyone with food allergies, let alone celiac disease.
5	Excellent food! Prepared to perfection
2	Nothing too memorable about this place.  I think people have this idea that when you come to Vegas you're going to get amazing food.  You can get amazing food here but you are definitely going to pay a lot more than this place charges.  Food in Vegas is super expensive  - part of how they get you.  But anyway.  I ordered a Cobb Salad - and I think my husband had some sort of breakfast dish.  Our server was an older woman who was very friendly.  We weren't expecting much and had seen the bad reviews so we were actually really surprised.  The girls at the Host desk were pretty awful.  They acted as though they would rather be having teeth pulled than standing and taking names.  But again, we weren't expecting much.
2	This place is ridiculously expensive for meh food.  I tried some lasagna, also had the quesadilla and some chicken strips.  The food was fine, nothing special, but it cost a ton of money!  I have no idea why they charge so much, this is the simple casual place.  There are many other restaurants in Vegas with similar price points with much better ambiance and food.  Go to one of those.
1	Located inside the MGM Grande Casino, the Studio Cafe is Las Vegas' number one place for bad food, terrible service, and outrageous prices.This place is not by any means a sports bar, but they did have sports on TV at the bar.  Our party of four asked to sit where we could see one of the screens, as there was a football game on.  After waiting for around 20 minutes, specifically so we could sit at a table with view of a TV, they seated us where we could see nothing.  Tired, hungover, and hungry, we decided to just live with it.After waiting about 20 more minutes for a waiter to acknowledge the existence of our table, I ordered a meatball sub with fries.  The sub was dry and tasteless, and the fries were the frozen kind that comes in an enormous bag from Costco.  I was extremely underwhelmed with the food, especially for the price, which I believe exceeded 15 or 16 dollars.I would absolutely not recommend eating here.
5	Love the breakfast here.  Every time I visit, I sit at the bar every morning and have breakfast.  A+  I have also had comped surf and turf, and it was comparable to some of the top steakhouses!!
2	Went here for dinner last night. The service was so-so, I think the kitchen may have been really backed up. It didn't matter too much since I was in no hurry.....just really, really hungry! (: Ordered the quesadilla appetizer. It tasted like it had american cheese in it...strange? The pieces were very thick and overall the app was pretty heavy to start off with. Could have easily been an entree. I was willing to try the Rueben, but they were all out of the meats for it so I quickly chose the simple Club, not realizing it had ham on it. I have a thing against deli ham, so I was turned off. There was also avocado on it (and mayo...and cheese...... when will people realize, ONE! PICK ONE! Not all of the above!) the avocado was also quickly browning.My husband barely touched his burger, which he said was overcooked. I've eaten here before and its been better. Maybe just an off night? What I REALLY didn't like was that there was what looked to be a manager walking around and she noticed my empty glass of iced tea and asked if I wanted a refill. I could have waited, it really wasn't a big deal, I just said "Uh... sure...I guess?" so she grabs my glass, and then I watched her pull aside our waiter and basically scold him for it! Seriously!? It was soooo unnecessary and really made us completely uncomfortable. Not to mention, what a POS that she couldn't even get her hands dirty and bother to do it herself! Who asked you to get involved?? That really bothered us. I felt so bad for the waiter.
1	Studio Cafe... What happened?I've been here a few times before and always had a great experience. Now I see where the subpar reviews are coming from. On my last visit in January 2013 (and yes, it will be my LAST visit), the place wasn't very busy. Took awhile to get my coffee and take my order, but I let that go. When my husband's food arrived, his potatoes were cold. Mine were also cold, so we sent them both back. (And I'm not a "send things back" kinda person). My 2nd plate of Eggs Benedict had cold potatoes and the eggs were over cooked (not runny at all). We talked to the waiter and the manager... Our meal ended up being comped, but it was an awful experience that literally left a bad taste in my mouth.So sad... Guess I will have to find a new place in Vegas for a good sit-down breakfast.
3	For a while, this used be a fun place for breakfast.  The menu had a special section emphasizing a local, seasonal twist.  I've had chicken and waffles which came in three petite waffles, with a tasty morsel of fried chicken on each - interesting meals with creative twists.Sadly, the last visit (Feb '13) to the cafe showed a breakfast menu with just the standards - eggs, pancakes and waffles.  Customizable, which is nice, but hardly remarkable.Gets busy and a bit wait-ey, despite the numerous servers.Sad that it went from a breakfast destination we looked forward to, to a breakfast that's there and just serviceable if there's nothing else around.
2	Was their March 10, 2013 what a HUGH mistake, should have eaten at McDonalds for breakfast because I already know the coffee is great not like water.  Oh and also I wouldn't have had to pay 100. For 4 people.  Come on 7.00 for a side of bacon not to forget my runny eggs that I had to send back.  How about the potatoes that had rotten pieces in them, never, never again will I make a mistake like this again. To top it off no compensation was ever offered, people wake up and smell the coffee but not there.
2	Came here for breakfast/lunch twice during my recent Vegas trip for convention because I just wasn't up for the buffet.  The first time I came here was for breakfast.  It was just me, myself & I, and service was incredibly slow.  I ordered the omelet and ended up leaving disappointed because the omelet station at the buffet was far better and the price was about the same.  I just can't seem to get breakfast like I can make at home.Then I came here for lunch.  My party that was with me decided to have coffee, too, so I asked for another cup.  The waitress charged me another $5!  Seriously?  It was $5 for the carafe and apparently you cannot share a carafe without being charged again.  Lame.  Don't recall what I ordered for lunch but pretty sure it was breakfast food, so again, I left disappointed.  I ate at the buffet the next day.  LOL
4	We were really skeptical about going here for breakfast while on vacation.  The reviews on here were horrible and there was a long line.  After looking around for a better choice, we decided that this was the best option available.  I am thrilled that we decided to do so.  The line moved very quickly and we got terrific service!  Our server was very personable and friendly without being annoying.  I ordered a Belgian Waffle, which wasn't very expensive and it was delicious.  The prices were a little high, but considering this is Vegas, not out of line.Don't be scared off by all of the bad reviews on here.  This place is terrific.  I'm thinking the other people on here must be a whole lot pickier or impatient than I am.
3	your stereotypical diner spot similar to Denny's and IHOP, except that it's Vegas and in the MGM. food is decent, service is decent...nothing really stands out either good or bad. one thing to note though is that i was in town for CES week, so it was crowded each time i ate there, which could affect the wait for a table.
3	This place was alright, the food taste very average (comfort food) The staff were friendly and down to earth.  Would recommend to unwind here.
5	This place had the best breakfast on the strip.  I am so sad to see it's closing.  It will be missed.
3	I always come here first thing after arriving at the MGM.  During my most recent trip, I arrived quite late and was starving.  I hurried in, ordered some french fries and a beer.  I know, super classy.Bottom line: It gets the job done.  I wonder what the new Avenue Bar & Grill will be like.
1	Awful service. We had to wait 35 minutes to get a table when there were so many visible open tables another 20 minutes to have water brought over. 15 minutes for a drink order and 30 for sandwiches. Awful experience. Terrible service, overpriced food. $15 for a sandwich. Close to that much for a basic 2 egg breakfast. Do yourself a favor and skip this place. There's a buffet a little ways away that you'll enjoy so much more.
