5	Josh is completely correct! This is by far my favorite "fresh-Mexican" type of place, and it is by far superior to Chipotle.  I always order the Daily Special (which they have had every day I've gone?) of the salmon tacos with rice and black beans.  My understanding from over a year ago is that they weren't doing so well with sales, so I'm overjoyed to hear from Josh they are packing it in during lunch!  Hopefully they will still be there when I move back to Scottsdale.  They aren't open every day though, as I found out during Superbowl weekend, so you might want to call first...
5	Prickly Pear's tortillas are definitely where its at . Obviously the name is synonymous  with fresh. I appreciate a clean place, so that is what drove me there. I had the special for that day, the shrimp tacos. Every part of these wonderful creations was perfect. I tried every sauce, and I recommend for those who can handle hot sauce, the yellow concoction. With a light garlic/pepper taste that packs a delightful punch, this salsa picante has the consistency of melted butter. The dessert that came with the meal was like some form of hybrid between flan and bread pudding, and delicious. I will be back.
5	alert - out of business.
5	I love the Prickly Pear!  I was so disappointed when I drove by today to see it was closed.  The food was fabulous; however, after the restaurant next door closed, there was a backed up sewer smell in the restaurant.  We went there several times over a month and could not stay due to the smell.  That may have contributed to the downturn in business that caused the restaurant to close.
5	I went here and I was impressed . I am mostly from MD and there are ALOT of tex-mex restaurants there but, Prickly Pear had my heart and I miss it...I wish they would put one in MD.  The Salsa is hot and tortillas are really really good.  We got fajitas and everything was fresh. Midwestern state and California do have the best Mexican food
1	closed
1	I have no clue what people are talking about. I hated this place, I mean its sad for the owners.. but that aside, this place was fucking gross. Everything tasted like nasty bean water, apparently only chain smokers ate here who burnt off their taste buds. My friend raved about this place. So I came here 2 times the first time I threw it out after about 3 bites. My friend begged me to give it a second chanceI didsame thingIm sorry but I seriously question the freshness of these ingredients. and it was overpricedP.S.Sorry owners..no offense
1	How could you people let this happen? How could my precious Prickly Pear close?? Where am I supposed to get my Big As My Face Burritos now??? Wahhhhh!
5	Prickly Pear has been closed for over a year and I still mourn the loss.  I used to eat thereEVERYSINGLEDAYwhen I worked across the street.  Their salads could not be beat.  Fresh, home-made yummy tortilla shell with chopped lettuce, other fresh veggies, amazing freshly made jalapeno-ranch dressing...I threw a fit when I found out they were closed.  Chipotle cannot TOUCH Prickly Pear for quality, price, and taste.  Do not blaspheme and compare them.  ... Not even of the same world.Prickly Pear - open again in a less expensive location!  I know you can make it!
