5	Craft beer and coffee bar to satisfy two important needs in the Cave Creek area.  Very clean and sleek decor, open and airy, with friendly service from local folks.  Beans from Firecreek in Sedona, which deserves the good reputation it has as a roaster.  While enjoying your coffee you can observe the bike mechanics working in the adjacent and connected store, if you're voyeuristically inclined.
5	Walking in the door feels like a warm hug here!  Getting my java fix and an absolutely awesome meal, who could ask for more.  Fresh menu, smiling faces and a great experience, that's what you get at Local Jonny's.
5	Just stopped at new incarnation of the old C4 coffee. They did a nice job fixing it up. Had a a very good salad & coffee for lunch. A great addition to Cave Creek and it shares the building with Flat Tire Bike
5	A phenomenal new cafe that is co-loated with our local bike shop.  Hosts Jon and Lauren will make you feel welcome and special, every time you visit.  The coffee is great and the food to die for.  Local chef 'Kathy' has developed an eclectic menu with traditional favorites and interesting twists.  Ever thought of trying Savory Oatmeal? Yep, oatmeal with a crushed red pepper pesto folded into it, and topped with avocado, egg and tomato.  Also recommend the Berry Pancakes and the Kale & Quinoa breakfast bowl.  Basically you can't go wrong with anything on the menu!Beer and wine available and evening service coming soon.
4	Great coffee, friendly and welcoming staff and fabulous coffee drinks.Wish them lots of success. Glad to know there is a new coffeehouse, breakfast and lunch place in the area. Love the latte art on the coffee drinks ! Good job Lauren !Also had their tuna salad sandwich and tasted very fresh. It was a big sandwich so  wrapped the rest to eat it later at home and it was my dinner!Bottomline..Love the look of the place and the staff could not be friendlier.
3	I got the impression that mostly Locals really do love it here. I saw many people riding their bikes here and people sipping coffees and banging away on their computers. The vibe is very friendly. The atmosphere is warm with a fireplace and is sort of rustic but with modern touches. This is a small Breakfast - Coffee - Lunch Cafe  - with Wine and Beer that sits in the Flat Tire Bicycle Shop. The menu is limited but does offer some unique eats.I went with the Grilled Rye Sriracha Turkey Sandwich. The tasty rye was nicely grilled and the turkey seemed like your everyday lunch meat turkey. The sandwich was tasty with the Sriracha Cole Slaw but this sandwich had a drip factor that might be high for some people. The plate was presented nicely with a sort of Black Olive/Corn relish and a fresh baked chocolate chip cookie.My husband had the Grinder Sandwich (without the Mayo). It was filled with Ham, Soppresata, Provolone, Olive Bruschetta, lettuce and tomato. The meat is the sandwich was mainly ham on Ciabatta Bread. This plate was also presented with some Black Olive/Corn Relish and a fresh baked chocolate chip cookie.An Alternative to eating the mostly BBQ or mostly Mexican in the immediate area.Worth a Try when your visiting Cave Creek.
5	My wife and I went here on a Friday night on the spur of the moment. Not too crowded yet as they have only started opening for dinner a few weeks ago. Limited menu but everything we tried was superb. Shepard's Pie was fantastic. Served beer and wine. A true neighborhood hangout with a bright future.Dan O.
5	Love this place! Adorable eatery with relaxed, clean, cozy decor including a corner fireplace! There is also out door seating which is very comfortable allowing people watching.  Great coffee! I'm a caffe latte with almond milk lover, and it's awesome here! I ordered a tuna sandwich for a lunch date with my man and we split it due to the very generous size/portion.  It was really delicious! The service is relaxed and very friendly.  This is definitely on a "keeper" list.  Check out this groovy little place; you'll love it!!
5	I've stopped in here twice after finishing a ride, or after dropping off my bike at Flat Tire Bike shop (to which Local Jonny's is attached). I've had the Sriracha turkey and the wicked pig sandwiches. Both were really tasty. The people who work there couldn't be friendlier. This is the quintessential neighborhood place with good food, good people, and a good vibe. You don't have to be a cyclist to go there. I've seen families there, bumped into riding friends there, and seen out of state visitors to cave creek wander in.
3	Great atmosphere... friendly staff... concept is cool...  LOVE THE BIKES... coffee tasted a little watery, my husband made a comment that it tasted like paper, he was right on... we ordered the savory oatmeal and the kale Quinoa w/egg salad...  the egg, cooked perfect on the salad... for 9$ the portion size was terrible... add more kale, lower the price and ease up on the dressing... as for the oatmeal... let's talk about the lack of seasoning...Please Please dry the poached egg thoroughly... I had to drain the water off the top of the oatmeal... we had to add Tabasco just to give it flavor... the tomatoes weren't ripe, inconsistent on sizes, again no flavor... we will try them one more time... however I will say, if you are going to charge these prices, let's do something about the flavor/seasoning... why a 3  the ambiance, music, staff and the guests that frequent here... this amazing woman gave us her scone... we asked her how it tasted... she was kind enough just to give it to us... told us she comes in every morning just for the scones on her way to work at Brians bbq... says everyone at brians LOVES the scones... so glad they support each other in this small community...
5	This is our favorite spot in Cave Creek! The coffee is fabulous, and their breakfast is always on point. You have GOT to order the pancakes...a delicious granola crunch smothered with a berry compote, those bad boys don't even need syrup! We love sitting out on the patio on the high top tables with our kids watching the cars and bikes roll through Cave Creek while chatting with other patrons. The atmosphere is great, and the owners are awesome!
