4	This is not a bad place to stay. Of course, if you're from out of town, are without transportation, and intend to party it up on the Strip, it'll be a pretty hefty cab fare for you. However, if you need a hotel room in Vegas for any other ... no, wait. Back up. If you're in or staying in Vegas and want a room for ... whatever. Let's skip the intro.I was surprised at how nice this hotel was. I guess that could be in part due to the fact that when I was little, and we took the station wagon from E. Chicago to Orlando every spring, we stayed in Holiday Inns that had Magic Fingers. You guys remember those? So, I guess those rooms were what I expected. And that it just not the case. Which is kind of sad, as I rather fancy being violently jarred to sleep for a quarter.The room was clean, the bathroom was clean, the beds were incredibly comfortable, the TV worked, and the AC blew cold. The front desk people were very friendly, and there's a 24-hr gym. I didn't use it, but it's definitely there.If ever I should need a hotel in Henderson again, I'll probably stay at this one. Besides ... there's an IHOP right next door. Convenient.
4	BIG DOG FRIENDLY!We discovered that most Vegas hotels have a weight limit of 25lbs when trying to book a hotel recently. We called this one and were told that the manager allows larger dogs (because he has 2 of his own). The pet fee was to be $25 for our stay (not $25 per night like a lot of hotels in Vegas).I have had good experiences with HIExpress hotels (see my other reviews) and this visit was also positive. We needed somewhere clean that accepted us (2 adults, 2 kids) and our family dog. We didn't need to be close to the Strip since we had our own car and weren't really there to gamble anyway.The breakfast was OK, but if you're hankerin' for something more substantial, there's an IHOP within 500 feet. Still wish they didn't use styrofoam plates.Even though we'd already checked out, they let us hang in the lobby with our dog while we waited for our next baseball game to start, much appreciated on a hot day.There's a grill on the patio and a medium sized fridge and microwave in each room. Free wifi. Friendly staff.If you show up as a guest on your birthday, they offer special parking and a goodie basket of chips, fruit and water. It was a nice surprise.
3	We stayed at this hotel back in September 2011 and were upgraded to a suite since I'm a Priority Club member so we were pretty happy with our room. The hotel had a nice lobby and the room was nicely decorated as most of the newer/renovated Holiday Inn Expresses seem to be. The breakfast was good too, but unfortunately the hotel got taken over by kids/families participating in some Little League tournament so most of the food disappeared pretty quickly. It's a bit far from Las Vegas if you're staying in the area to enjoy Vegas, but it was situated in a more suburban area away from all the noise which was nice.
4	We had a wonderful experience at this Holiday Inn Express.  When making reservations, Monica was able to get us into a disabled guest suite for my mom and stepfather and then she upgraded me from a standard room to an adjacent suite so that I could be near by.The suites feel very large and new.  Two large screen flat panel televisions are available.  The bed was very comfortable and the room was very quiet.  I was not disturbed at all while sleeping.The staff was very guest service focused.  Everyone was friendly and welcoming.  The complimentary breakfast bar was well stocked with plenty of options. If you need a room in Vegas without the craziness of the Strip, I would recommend staying here.
4	Great staff, very friendly and easy going. Breakfast is great. The only downfall was that the elevator was creeky and slow, it scared me a bit to be honest... but oh well. Room was clean. Lobby had cute Halloween decor! Excellent place to stay.
4	Every year, since 2011, we've come to Vegas for SEMA and every year, we stay at this HIE. Our first year, we were very impressed with the quality of our suites, the cleanliness of the hotel overall, the dinner served on T/W/Th, and freshly baked cookies every evening from 7-9. The week of SEMA is a crazy one for us so having a quiet, comfy place to sleep is of utmost importance and this HIE exceeded our expectations. I've seriously never been to a hotel this quiet! It's very conveniently located and only a 10-15 minute trip to the Las Vegas Convention Center and any of the other places we like to go while staying in Vegas. Staff is friendly and the coffee and cinnamon rolls are delicious. Drawbacks: They only play Fox News in the food area. Not sure if this is the franchisee's preference or the employee's choice but it'd be nice to have some other news programs playing while I'm trying to enjoy my coffee. Also, I'm not sure if there's been a change in management or ownership but our room wasn't quite as clean as in years past, the carpeting is pretty stained, the elevator is getting louder every year and housekeeping services seemed a bit sloppy this time. None of these things will keep us from staying here next year. We have a loyalty to HIE and hope this hotel continues to exceed our expectations. :)
4	Nice place, pet friendly. I Asked and there are no dedicated pet rooms. Good for pet owners and a possible concern for non-pet owners. The room we had was nice, clean and this site looks fairly new so I didn't see a reason to  be worried. But I have to wonder how well the rooms with pets in them get cleaned. I wonder how seriiously allegic people like I know would do in a room that had previously been used by a pet they would be allergic too. Again this room and the hotel itself seemed very clean. The location is behind the Sunset casino and is near alot of shopping malls and restaurants. There is a 24 hr casino/diner across the street. I didn't try it so who know?The breakfast is very well attended and average for Holiday Inn Expresses. The staff was good, friendly and helpful. 4 stars only because of my concern with the pets, love them but not other's pets in my room.
5	Two words: KIDS SUITE!The kids have an area all to themselves. It is cute and clean. Staff was kind and helpful. Aaron did a wonderful job before we even arrived by checking us in (as we were worried that we'd arrive too late - and lose the room)! Inexpensive stay but it feels comfortable.  Great hotel!
4	Solid hotel...great staff.Breakfast 6:30 - 9:30 am dailyManager's reception 5:00 - 7:00 pm on Tu, Wed, & Thur (free beer,wine, snacks for 21+)Cookies 7:00 - 9:00 pm dailyPool/spa open until 11:00 pm dailyFitness & business centers next to the lobbyCoin laundry available on the 3rd floorComplimentary USA Today at front deskComplimentary hot breakfastComplimentary WiFi (password in your key packet)Rooms are dated, but comfortable.Lots of dining and shopping options in the immediate area.
