4	There isn't much better than a good Dillard's sale. There were some formal dresses I'd tried on in December that had been $130 and were now going for $25.  I was tempted to pick up one for next year as a "just in case" at that price.  I really like the mix of stuff Dillard's has. I'm usually able to find something for myself there - and even more that would be great for other folks.  They have a pretty nice housewares section too - though part of it, especially in this location, feels more like it's specially made for folks doing their wedding registry - with options like picking their china and crystal patterns.  Old school yea, but I suppose it's important to have that as an option.Their end of season sales are the bomb.  If you can wait until then to pick up some basics, the prices are out of this world.
5	How does an extra 50% off of some of the already reduced merch sound?!?! This is also one of my local secrets so listen carefully Yelper's. This location does this sale unadvertised as they use this one as a semi clearance outlet. This means some of clothes are shipped here for a super cheap last chance sale without the gross "Last Chance" feel. For example a beautiful little dress I found for $65 was originally $600 yes you read this correctly $600. That was the biggest whammy all the others were anywhere from $13-$23! I shopped here Weds. for my first Elite event @ Fez I walked out w 5 dresses total and paid a tad over a bill. I could not resist and went again yest. w my sister again 4 more dresses I never even made it to any other part of the store!! All good stuff like BCBG, Jones NY, Lauren, Laundry, Steve Madden etc. It is still a normal Dillard's with load's of new full price stuff as well.  I may be going back for round 3 today w my mom and never have to shop again for 3 years! I will update on the men's section if I make it over there.Stimulate this W ..!.. (o.o) ..!..
3	This Dillard's is now ONLY an outlet center. The whole lower level is empty and closed. The upstairs now functions as the final destnation for last season's, damaged, and odd-sized designer wear. It's kind of like Ross, without all the junkie off-brands and pee-pee scented changing rooms.The minimum discount I saw was 40% off. Most racks are labeled 50% off, and there are several 75% off racks to be found. They are also conveniently organized by size. Most of the items are by well-known designers. I picked up a Michael Kors top that was originally priced around $50 for $18. Clothes are their mainstay. But there is also some bedding, accessories, and shoes. I found the shoe selection the most disappointing. Unless you have tiny little tootsies or big sasquatch feet, or if you like super gaudy styles, you're out of luck.
2	I can excuse the mess because I know how inconsiderate customers can be. But there's no excusing the terrible customer service. While checking out the cashier was so busy talking to some long lost friend apparently that she didn't even look at us.  And even cussed while talking to her friend and ringing up our items. There is no excusing terrible customer service
4	After my horrible experience at Last Chance I was hoping this place would be better, and it was!! Everything was on sale, and they have sooooo much stuff! My dad got like 5 nice dress shirts, I got a pair of sleep shorts and a dress and I think my mom got something and it all totaled to about $70! Such good deals! If you have a daughter who needs a prom/homecoming dress or if you need a formal dress for yourself this is the place. They had a lot of pretty dresses for super cheap. We were pretty much shopped out so we didnt spend that much time there but if you have 3-4 hours, spend it here! and it lets out into the metro center mall so when your done in there you can stroll around out there! I am definitely going back soon!
4	Ranking right in between Last Chance and Nordstrom Rack in pricing, crazy customers, and cleanliness, the Dillard's Clearance Center is worth the foray into the ghetto. They have unadvertised sales every week, knocking up to 75% off of the already reduced merchandise. I'm not crazy about the shoe or denim section but the rest of the women's clothes are awesome! They have special racks that will have dresses or skirts for anywhere from $4.99 to $9.99. The best deals in the store are on these racks.Return often to check up on the sales!
3	One of the very few reasons to set foot in the once great Metro Center Mall. This Dillard's Outlet is where items that don't sell at the regular stores end up at discounted prices. We used to go to the Dillard's Outlet when it was located at Christown Mall and even using only the second floor, this location is much bigger and better organized.They have a great selection of men's and women's clothing and a smaller selection of children's and home goods.Over the years, I have purchased several suits at the Dillard's Outlet and they have an excellent selection of good quality Hart Schaffner & Marx, Austin Reed and Ralph Lauren suits and sportcoats for reasonable prices.The only thing I dislike is that the store is weighted extremely heavily toward Dillard's house brands and Phillips Van Heusen produced brands such as Michael Kors; Daniel Cremieux; and Roundtree and York.Additionally, a friend who works at the flagship Dillard's at Scottsdale Fashion Square once told me that the final markdown at the retail stores is actually a lower price than what items sell for at the Clearance Center, so that's something to keep in mind.
4	My friend told me about a recent clearance special he stumbled upon and I doubted the savings and quality of clothing.  It was 70% off items already drastically reduced. I assumed it was all crappy, disposable unwanted poorly designed apparel but I was wrong.  I found a cool graphic tee for $3.99, flat front chinos for $8, charcoal cords for $6, euro shams for $2.99, pajama bottoms for $6, and a few other reduced quality items. Who cares if it was last seasons or even last decade's designs? The prices are bahhhhhhhnanas!I'll also add it was very well organized and the racks/shelves were surprising well maintained compared to other bargain basement outlets I've been to and add way better than Last Chance. The items are new never used. Shoe department sucks tho. I was tempted to walk the mall for an Orange Julius and a hot pretzel but then I remembered I hate malls.
4	This place is awesome. I'd been to the one at Fiesta Mall but not this one until today. I think overall it's smaller than the one at Fiesta Mall (maybe not but that was my impression). The shoe selection is pretty great, especially if you wear around a size 6. I found two awesome pairs of boots, one leather and one Teva, that cost me a total of $66.I didn't do any clothes shopping today but there really is a lot to look at. It appeared they had way more for adults than children. Especially if you have a little boy, I was there with my friend who has a baby boy and there wasn't even an entire rack of stuff for his size and gender.The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars and 5 is the disorganziation. I know it's Dillard's Clearance Center and I can't expect too much, but it was kind of annoying that I found two boots I really liked (before I found the ones I bought) and I couldn't find the matching boot. If there was some way they could do a better job of keeping things together then definitely 5 stars.
4	I love bargain hunting here. Their selection rotates seasonally but I've found some great deals on all kinds of women's clothing, boots, swimwear, and pajamas.There's a huge section with dresses and their lingerie tends to go up to sizes big girls will be happy about. Sadly, it's a bit of a crapshoot to know which departments are having an extra percentage off the sale prices on any given day. No returns allowed.
5	This store has been in this location forever. Many of the same employees work here as when Metro Center was the happening mall.  This store is clean, very organized, and very nice for a clearance store. I have purchased everything from PJ's to linens to clothing and shoes at amazing prices.  Everything comes from their original stock, so no off brands. Love it!
5	This is kinda like a roll of the dice.  Lots of really nice items but you have to look through the haystack to find the pin!  Every time I have taken the teenage daughter here to find some clothes I end up with a very happy kid and I'm happy with the bill.Why get a piece of junk from a lesser retail place when for time and effort you can score a $280 dress for $13?  I have!  Name brand, absolutely.  This season, mainly.  Great selection?  Depends on when you go.  Some days we find a ton of things to take home.  Sometimes one....but always at least 75% off original price!  Usually I'd say 90.It's terrific for a mom of a teen who is hella picky.  You could score some deals on home furnishings too but I think most tend to be rather bland and not worth my time to look through but if you are willing to search there are some diamonds among the stones.
5	I have to temper myself. This place makes me into a shopaholic. I am very frugal, and fight tooth and nail for the best deals. I swear to God, there is no other place in Phoenix I prefer to shop at for work and nice clothing, other than here. Why? Lets see.......~What To Do~Shop to your hearts content for simply earth-shattering deals you can't even find on E-Bay. You can purchase anything from top of the line suits all the way down to ties, undies, etc. If you need work clothes, this place is for you..~The Good~There is almost too much good. They have consistent price markdowns ON TOP of the gutted prices they already have. I just lost weight, and this was a perfect time to get new clothes.  I bought a pair of nice fine wool slacks for $25. Their original price: $125 before tax. Yep. I bought three, got them hemmed, and now I look like P-Diddy at work. Oh, and it doesn't stop there. I got my entire wardrobe re-stocked with work shirts, all for about $9.50-$18 each. Original prices ranged from $45-70. Insanity I tell you. Pure insanity. I saved, oh, just North of $500. I spend, for the record, $135 for three top of the line slacks and five new work shirts. I look slick, and my manager is slack-jawed at my new clothes (and that I can fit into them, haha).~The Bad~Three things to point out as below par.  First, its at Metrocenter, which is the Flint, Michigan of Arizona malls. Second, they are understaffed with people who are only primarily managing the front desks and go-backs. Third and most important, are the clothes themselves. Many have sat on racks forever, so if that upsets you, so be it. Also the styles are a bit older, although for me its not an issue. A pink suit is a pink suit, not much to it. Some women might find some styles difficult to find, etc, but I can't attest to their taste. Also they have limited brand options, if you do not like Dillards store brands, just walk away. (Please note the one main exception to this is their shoes, which feature a wide variety of designer options which are pretty nice)~The Down Low~If you are updating your wardrobe and must watch your funds, please just stop wasting your time somewhere else. Unless you must have a new fashionable shirt or item, just come here and save hundreds upon hundreds of dollars. Although I will round up to five, in reality, they get 4 1/2 stars. Three stars simply for the insane prices/deals, 1 for the range of styles and options for me to shop for, and and a 1/2 star finally for the convenience and closeness to me. They lose a 1/2 star because its at Metrocenter, BAH! Stop giving money away where it's not necessary to, and just say "Shut up and take my money!"
4	One day I was walking around the mall and I came across Dillard's Clearance Center. Yes, I know I was walking around Metro Center Mall.  People say that Metro Center is weird and scary.  But it really is not all that bad during the day.  I'm not really sure how it is at night and I really do not want to know.    Anyway, back to the Clearance center.  This store is like a big thrift store, but bigger and better. You definitely have to dig through the racks to find great things.  The prices are always great and I always come out with a big bag of cloths.  The only downside on this store is that it is a little smaller than the Clearance Center in Mesa.  But it is still a great store.
3	Just like any place you always have to check back to see what is new. I would say that a place called A Second Look is much better on 32nd Street and Shea.
4	I love, LOVE, this store!!! If you like weeding though clothes in pursuit of a bargain, than this is your spot!  Everything in the store is 65% off.  Then there are additional percentages off on top of that. I lose my mind every time I enter this place. I mean really, where else can you get designer dresses for $4.99 - $8.99? I'll take the Messy Racks for $5 Alex!Now, please, realize that this is a Clearance/Outlet store. Don't go in there thinking you are going to get top-notch service. Staff are few and in between. Once you are in the dressing room; no, you CANNOT "buzz" the attendant to get a larger/smaller size. Not gonna happen. Unless your BFF or Boo is seating, waiting while you try on items.  Don't go in there with that hopes of haggling or negotiating for a better deal. You will not be successful. For crying out loud, they're practically giving the stuff away. Yes, you can use your Dillard's card here. I think that between this location and the one in Mesa, I have been on each day of the week and neither location is ever crowded...even on a Saturday. You can check their website or call for daily sales. Each outlet sales are different.
3	This store has come a LONG way from it's old location at ChrisTown Mall where the clothes were possibly several years old. This Dillard's has been a "go-to" place for me to shop when I don't have time to find what I need online or just need a really good deal on things that can't be found online at a decent price. I stop in periodically to look for shirts and jackets. They have just about anything you could need (for a man) and most of the stuff seems like it haven't been there forever either. There is always something to be had at this Dillard's. So here's the not so great news. The bottom floor is empty and closed off. It's easy to forget that and if you do you'll have to go around the corner and up the escalator and back around again to get in. Also, their hours are short. Opening at 12pm daily, which forces me to shop with afternoon folks instead of the easier and quieter morning time. One other thing, since this is a clearance store there are no returns on items  you buy here. So just keep that in mind. In the end it's a good store with lots to offer if you come in periodically and remember to come in from the second floor.
4	Great place for a bargain!  Especially on Dillard's brands. I love looking through the shoes and dresses. You have to be willing to wait for a dressing room and go through a lot of clothes but when you find your bargain, it's worth it!
2	This store is not for me, most of those clothes here is all the clothes no one would ever want at a big discounted price.
2	So I have no idea how this place got so many good reviews. I drove all the way from Surprise to check out the bargains that everyone raved about. Well, if I were about 50 years older I might have been able to appreciate the clothing selection they had. I seriously felt as though I might run in to one of the Golden Girls coming out of the dressing room. The clothes were just...well, I have no words. I guess it might be good for businessmen who like to buy their dress shirts, and maybe it's good for shoe enthusiasts. Other than that I don't know who else could appreciate this place. And I am an avid Goodwill shopper, so I am NOT picky about my clothes by any means. Even I, a thrift shop hopper, couldn't find anything I liked other than a tank top to sleep in. I found much, much better deals on the Kohl's clearance rack this weekend. So in conclusion, this store...don't, just...don't.
