2	I noticed this place open up around the holidays.  It seemed to be dead whenever I passed it so I wanted to stop by and give them my business.   Plus, they have a %15 off sign up and that sold me getting a mani/pedi.The decor is great, everything is clean and there's a beautiful water feature when you walk in.  Picking out nail polish was the best part of the entire experience, lots of wonderful colors and a large variety.  Even though they didn't seem to be busy, I sat and waited for about 15 minutes to be called back - most places will give you a pedi chair right away.  After I was called back I waited a total of 45 minutes soaking in the chair.  At first, I didn't mind because I was really into my book but then two ladies sitting next to me were sick of waiting so they got up and left and it made me aware of the time.  A woman on the other side of me started flipping out because a dead bug was on her foot so I started to get antsy and contemplated leaving.  Then, I realized that my water had gone cold and it was making the rest of me cold so I took that as my cue to leave.  I shoved my cold, wet feet back into my shoes and walked out.  I did get an apology as I was leaving though.
5	Super good pace to get your nails done at! I loved how the drew that cite little flower on my toes
5	Tried it for the first time today and loved the experience.  I was greeted right away and Andy got right to work on my nails.  My gels looked beautiful and he did exactly what I asked of him, which seems to be rare in a nail place.  I will be returning tomorrow for a Pedi.
4	The salon itself is beautiful and clean. My sister and I walked in without an appointment and even though it was busy we were greeted quite quickly and didn't have to wait long to be taken back. We both got basic pedicures. That day they were offering a free hot stone massage with any pedicure and that was a very nice touch. As they worked on our feet they were gentle but thorough. I hate when a tech is in such a hurry that they cut you or rub your legs so hard you can feel a bruise forming. There was none of that at Pink Lotus Nails & Spa, just gentle, attentive techs. The women that did our pedicures were very talented. They spent a good 5-10 minutes massaging our tired legs and feet. For the price, you really can't beat that. The chairs were also very nice, and high-end.The bathroom was clean and pretty. The procedure rooms looked nice. Everything was sanitized and clean. They offered us water bottles, which with the temperature outside, was much appreciated.The only reason they are not getting 5 stars was because the water temp in my tub was slightly cold and was flaming hot in my sisters and no one asked us about that when we sat down. Also there weren't any magazines around, which would have been nice. We would definitely go back and next time we're bringing friends.
2	I have been here several times, and they do a very good job.  Their manicures and pedicures last a long time. The staff is friendly.  However, they take a very long time usually.  You can't go here if you have someplace to be afterwards.  The last time I went in, they told me it would be "15 minute wait".  I waited 40 minutes, and 3 people were still ahead of me waiting as well.  I walked out.  I don't mind waiting, but at least give a better estimate of how long it will be.
3	I really like this place and the job they do.  The staff is friendly and very gentle on the likes of us who don't really love pedicures, but desperately need them.  The only complaint I have is they are a little on the expensive side.
4	Great service! Never a long wait for spa pedicure. HUGE selection of gel polish colors! I've been to this salon 4 times now and it's still great every time.
1	Worst experience I ever had. Tried to force services that I did not want. Major attitude when I refused. My nails was not shaped and my fingers were sore from the technician digging for cuticles. Think her name was Nancy.
1	Worst experience I ever had. Tried to force services that I did not want. Major attitude when I refused. My nails was not shaped and my fingers were sore from the technician digging for cuticles. Think twice before going here. Wish I could give a -5 star rating.
4	This salon has a soothing spa atmosphere and there is never a long wait. I have my lashes done by Ann regularly and I LOVE her! Only because I'm picky about my manicures and pedicures did I rate them a 4/5. Their prices are very reasonable as well.
2	This salon has one of the biggest selections of gel nail polishes that I've seen in the East Valley.  The salon is also beautiful and spacious-those are the main reasons I went so long.  The prices are a little expensive compared to other salons and it's odd that the same services change from visit to visit-i.e. one visit a lotus touch pedicure included the paraffin treatment and then the next visit did not-and price didn't change.  Also, they can be a little spacey or rushed-several times they've forgotten the services I've asked for-wanted a mani/pedi and try to rush me out the door after my pedicure.  My biggest pet peeve is a guy they have working there-twice he's argued with me about the color of nail polish I'm getting-I don't get what his deal is!  He isn't going to have to look at the color for two weeks!!  In AZ, there's a nail salon on each corner-don't argue with the customer.
1	I have an update and it is not a good one.  My mom was visiting from out of town and needed to get her nails filled.  From the moment she walked in the woman "assigned" to her was rude and very hard to deal with.  Considering this place must rely on a significant amount of walk-in business, this is very disappointing.  She was actually told to "stop talking, I am doing this my way" by the person doing her nails!  My mom has been getting her nails done for over 30 years so needless to say this wasn't her first rodeo.  Looks like I will be looking for a new place to get my pedicures.
1	Treated so horribly when I asked to speak with a manager after hong was so rude, had cut me and then been super rough with my manicure after giving a horrible pedicure.  Horrible service and I loved coming here so bummed!
1	I really am sad that this place has turned out to be so bad.  My initial visit was so great I couldn't stop raving about my pedicure.  Tina really takes her time and  makes sure you get a good pedicure that lasts.  But this last visit was different.  Tina was still good, though this time the callous remover she used made my feet like sandpaper the next day and my polish chipped within a week, last time it lasted over a month.  What made the experience really bad was her sister who gave me a gel manicure...just horrible, I had the base coat all over my nail.  It lasted less than a week before it started peeling off.  It was probably because they suddenly started to busy, but that's not my problem, my manicure took 15 minutes and she started to do someone else as she was finishing up with no....it was definitely a no frills manicure with a big price tag.  $68 later...such a waste.  Won't be going back.  There are plenty of salons that will be happy with my money.
5	I have been a customer of this nail spa for about two years. I love coming here to get my gel nail. They are always gentle and perfect with my nails. I tend to go after a long day of work and they really know how to make sure that I am relaxed. They are not your typical nail salon they have many different types of spa services. What ever you would like to have done to your nails or body they will be able to accomplish it.
2	They did a good job on my pedicure but me and my sister both got a manicure and hers was sloppy while mine was crooked on a few fingers. It cost me a fortune and took forever. Everyone was nice there but to me it just wasn't worth it to spend my hard earned money on crooked nails. To boot they had a sign out front saying $25 for a full set but then charged me and my sister 35-45 each.
1	The manager at this place is extremely rude!!! My 1 yr old son began to fuss for no more than 5min and I was waiting to get a gel mani. The manager walked over to me and told me to come back when I have a babysitter!! I had both my mother and sister with me who were more than capable to help me out, but no this manager reserves her right to kick anyone with children out!! So if you have kids don't even bother going there because they are not welcome. I for one and my entire family and all my sorority sisters who have always gone to this place, are never returning again!
5	Very nice place. I cheated on my nail salon of 9 years and came here.  I love the service they give and very friendly. I see the other reviews about them being rude. Well I've never experienced that at all. As for children being fussy. Realize this is a professional environment most people come to relax to get there nails done.  I have children and I don't take them with me. I highly recommend this place best pedicure ever and they even fixed my nail for free yes free when I broke it mothers day weekend.
1	$75 pedicure so not happy and I hope they make me a happy customer tomorrow.  So pissed  off right now!  I will be back tomorrow!
3	First time here and I had the VIP pedi for 42 dollars. They have pedicures  starting at $22 but I thought what the hell, treat myself.  Yen was the person I got and she did a great job. Yen took her time and it didn't  feel rushed. I will return to have Yen work on my toes. Yen should get 5 stars. I give 3 overall  because I have been in better message chairs. These didn't  seem to have many options on the control.
