5	I know, I know.....another natural hair salon in the qc......however this chic gives a fabulous blowout.....FAB!  Tracy has been in the Charlotte area about 2 years and shame on me for just finding out about her.  Her background in hair speaks for itself and her technique is similar to a few others I've seen but her products are what I've narrowed down as the key to the unbelievable experience I had.   She is located in the Sola Salons across from Southpark Mall and there was no wait and I was in and out in an hour and a half which is always a plus.  The look and feel of my hair was pure genius, but with all good things comes a downside.....because this chic's work is so good, it is nearly impossible to get an appointment but I don't intend to give up easily:-)
5	Tracy Riggs is the truth! Tracy understands that going natural...doesn't mean looking unpolished. Her technique is beyond measure and her haircare line is revolutionary. Tracy taught me that you don't need a whole bunch of products in your hair to achieve your desired results. I got a custom cut and color, and all I get is compliments. She is a one woman show so appointments don't come easy....but she is so worth it. Go to schedulicty and sign up and make your appointment that way.
5	Tracy Riggs is an extremely talented hair stylist. I'm so thankful that I found her! I have been natural for almost 2 years and began going to Tracy about a year ago. She saved my hair! I attempted several times to transition from relaxed to natural hair on my own and was unsuccessful each time. However, under Tracy's expert hair care, my hair is now completely natural and healthier than it's ever been. Beyond her expert hair care, Tracy offers a superb salon experience. She is very professional, never late, works fast and your time during your appointment is not shared. All major pluses in my book! Tracy has done magic on my hair, my daughter's hair and my mother's hair. We are all very satisfied customers! I have tried a number of her services...from a blow out including a steam treatment, color to a custom cut. I have had so many compliments on my hair as well.Most recently, Tracy installed a sew-in weave in my hair. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!! My hair blends well with the extensions and looks very natural. The style is very versatile as well. And most importantly, the weave was installed to protect my hair as I continue to grow my hair out. Again, the experience of my appointment was great. She gave me detailed written tips on how to care for my weave, a slick scarf and detangling brush for my hair. I mean who really provides this type of 5 star quality client services anymore?? Tracy Riggs does! Book an appointment today and experience it for yourself!!
