4	It is about time Madison got a bulk candy store! I don't think we have had one since Mr. Bulky left West Towne Mall in the early 1990s...and this location is way better too.The owners are super friendly and social.They have cereal and soft serve frozen yogurt, and you can use the whole candy store as your toppings bar!Like any bulk candy store, especially being local, it is a little bit overpriced, but hey, candy is worth it.HUGE PERK: free hot chocolate! And it is actually pretty legit hot chocolate tooMy absolute favorite part of Campus Candy is that they have chocolate covered gummy bears - a delicacy that is pretty hard to find.
3	While I love that the store is here, it's a bit over-priced.  My little bag cost me almost $7!  And while I'm pretty sure they have prices posted somewhere, I never saw them.  Little scales scattered around for customer use and more obvious price signs would definitely help customers from feeling like they're getting milked...The selection is pretty good, and I love that I can get Pop-Rocks, chocolate covered coffee beans, Sour Patch Kids, and Dutch mints all in the same store.  Awesome.  But when it comes to dark chocolate candies, the pickings are pretty slim.  So overall, they've got a good thing going, but could use a few improvements.
2	I'm not sure who told me their frozen yogurt was better than Red Mango's, but I suspect they're probably on the payroll.I've been here twice now, and each time, I can't figure out why. It's not like the candy is cheap, or even that good. True, it's a bulk candy store which is nice, but you can get the same exact candies from Walgreens just a few stores down State St.And the frozen yogurt? Cheaper and with better options down the street as well at Red Mango. I'm appreciative of another place to get it at, but why get it from a place that charges so much? (Full disclosure: I do not work at Red Mango, though my fervent disapproval of Campus Candy's might lead you to think otherwise--it's just that I was really, really underwhelmed by what I had at Campus Candy.)If you really need the cheap-tasting, bulk candy and the amount you can get at Walgreens is more expensive than what you can find here--excellent! Glad you've found your niche.For me, I'll stick to Red Mango and others. Not my cup of tea, but it might be yours.
4	If you have any sort of sweet tooth you will love this place. Endless choices of sweet, savory and sour candies and chocolates. You just fill up bags and pay by the weight. There is also frozen yogurt for sale here.
4	Great location, pretty good prices, and amazing food! Only go here if you are craving some sugar though, because there are slim to none salty snacks. This is a perfect place to go after a football game or if you are in need of a study break! The wide variety of choices consist of cupcakes (try the red velvet they're delicious!), cheesecake (directly from the Cheesecake Factory), frozen yogurt (with as many toppings as you want), and an endless supply of gummy, chocolate, crunchy, or basically any kind of candy. They even have cute Campus Candy shirts you can purchase! I strongly  recommend stopping at this store. It is located right on State Street, the lines are not long, the workers are friendly, and the food is reasonably priced! It is definitely a hit with the Badgers students.
4	Ordered campus candy through badgerbites.com. Delivery guy waited around for 30 minutes due to technical difficulties. Super nice about the whole thing! Free delivery to campus too!
4	Beautiful store, fresh candy, good prices. And they have frozen yogurt with a sign "the whole store is your topping bar"... yum :)
4	Stopped by here after seeing that Chocolate Shoppe had closed for the night.  Some of the yogurt flavors were pretty good and the person at the store was really great about giving us samples.  The only odd thing is that they don't have mochi as a topping.  They have a really crazy (in a good way though) assortment of candies and chocolates there.  l would definitely go here again especially since Forever Yogurt is always playing terrible 90s pop tunes
4	Campus Candy is a child's dream world. If like ice cream or frozen yogurt toppings, then this is the store for you. My favorite candy are the chocolate covered espresso beans! Because they are a bit pricey, I savor them and always save a few in the back of the fridge just in case I get a craving for them.  They are loaded with chocolate and vary in size. I also love pop rocks as they remind me so much of all the childhood fun I had mixing them with Coca Cola!  They do of course have frozen yogurt to put all your candy on top of, but I don't go for the frozen yogurt, I go for ALL THAT CANDY!
4	Nice candy shop with a lot of choices, should be able to find something that you will like here. Try a few pieces when you are walking by.
