3	OK, PF Chang's is nothing spectacular but what made this visit better than usual is going with a large group.  Finally I got to try more than the lemon pepper shrimp that my Mom always orders.   Honestly, I haven't looked at a menu in a long time (I only go when Mom is in town and I just choose the wine) and I didn't tonight but my boss ordered a variety of dishes without over ordering for the group.   One major plus over LA locations, there was no wait for a group of 9 at 7PM --- a major plus!
3	I'm giving stars because it's easy to dine here even with a weird mix of food allergies in our group (soy and dairy for one, gluten for another).  They have a gluten-free menu and were able to print off a list of items that are dairy-free as well.  Soy-free required a little more finagling, but we made it work. So, in the subcategory of "willingness to accommodate allergies," I would give it 5 stars.It's not great for kids, though.  There's no kids menu and it felt like a very grown up environment, which isn't necessarily bad, but wasn't ideal for my young niece and nephew.  However, the waiter was happy to suggest some kid-friendlier dishes.  The kids really liked the ENORMOUS horse statues outside the front door though and did amuse themselves with chopsticks, so that was something.LOTS of parking is available, but you have to wind through the sprawling mass of new restaurants etc. on the west side of Middleton to get there, which makes me think of zoning laws and the use of urban versus agricultural space more than it whets the appetite.  The service was good; our waiter appeared well-trained and the bartender was fine with me ordering green tea at the bar, though I she advised me to let it steep longer than I would suggest (unless you like your tea bitter).Overall, nice effort, odd location, nice staff, good for groups of adults.  The outdoor seating was a rather unappealing proposition in the height of a flood mosquito plague, but that's common sense enough in this neck of the woods.
3	PF Changs is to Chinese as Olive Garden is to Italian.  Restaurant is good only if you don't know much about Chinese food.  Quality of food is good and service is also very good.  I have ZERO patience for the waiter droning on and on while they mix sauces at my table.
5	To be honest, I have absolutely no idea what the previous reviewers are talking about. This restaurant is an absolute favorite of mine. My wife and I often go there to celebrate something special.Why I love this place?1) Great ambience - dim lighting - perfect for a romantic dinner!2) The booths are too cozy!3) Great selection of cocktails4) AMAZING food! I've yet to have something here that I did not like. Try the chicken lettuce wraps for appetizers. 2 people can easily share 1 serving.5) It's a pretty big place, so you almost never have to wait!Caution: Don't go there expecting authentic "chinese food" - u will be disappointed. I'd say it's Chinese-Indian fusion variety. It's along the lines of how they serve chinese food in India.
4	They have good food.  It's unique.  It's got some strong flavors goin' on.  There are some things two weeks later your tongue will start telling you you need to have again, soon.Don't go in thinking "We're having Chinese".  Go in thinking, "We're having P.F. Chang's" and half the battle will be over.The only problem I've had is, we never have enough room at the table for all the plates of food that show up.  Did we order too much or is the table too small?  Maybe they need to install food parking garages so you have 3 or 4 floors of food storage at your table.  That would help.The mini-desserts are an inspiration from Satan.  You think you're full.  No, no, I don't want dessert.  But they have a "mini-dessert"!  It's just $2!  You can just have a little bit!  Well, ok, in that case...
3	P.F. Chang's isn't bad by any means, but if you are in Madison and want Chinese food, go to Imperial Gardens.  Bigger portions for less money.
4	Madison is not a great town for Chinese food--nothing remotely comparable in authenticity or diversity of regional cuisines to what one finds in major coastal cities, and most options are watered down to relatively unadventurous midwestern tastes. Thus, commentary on P.F. Chang's lack of "authenticity" is rather meaningless in the Madison context.Chang's is, of course, part of an upscale  national chain, for both better and worse. Were there more exciting--and less stereotypic-- family-run options in town (as there are with Thai and Laotian food), I would likely prefer them. And the larger local operations--notably including local favorite Imperial Gardens--strike me as insipid. Compared to those options, Chang's does what it does pretty well--offering fairly distinctive and imaginative tastes from a variety of regional Chinese cuisines. Spicing is more interesting and assertive than the local norm, and most of the options less gloppy. There are some lively vegetarian choices--we especially like their eggplant dish. And there are several lamb choices, unusual for Madison Chinese restaurants. Ambience is upscale bistro, somwhat loud except for a seasonal outdoor patio. Service quality has varied over multiple visits, with lots of relatively inexperienced, although generally friendly, young staff.Not for every taste or budget, but in my view the closest to a decent place for Chinese-style food in town.
2	I give this place four stars for decor and service, subtracting two for overall value.  Not price...value.  In my opinion, PF Chang's is galactically overpriced takeout food, with the singular exception of their chicken lettuce wraps.  These are amazing, at least as much as that can apply to lettuce, and the only thing I would order again.  I've had several dishes, and end up feeling disappointed in each one- I love me some kung pao- theirs has simply been extraordinarily oily on the two occasions I've ordered it.  OTOH, I have a couple of friends who swear by this place for their girls' nights out- to each her own.
4	I was badly craving asian food and decided to give PF Chang's a try.  Being a lone diner since I was in town for business, I was worried that they were going to ignore me or sit me in a crappy area to hide me.  However, the service was great.  I was glad to see my food come quickly and taste good.  I had the lettuce wraps, crab rangoon, and a cup of their hot and sour soup.  All three were excellent.  I would definitely recommend this place to business travelers who might be staying in the area.  (There are a lot of hotels near by)
3	PF Changs is OK. The Kung Pao is tasty. Their sweet and sour soup is ok. The lettuce wraps are good. I am just not that impressed with this place because they charge too much money for the unexpceptional food you are get and the portions are too small (and I  rarely think that when I go out to eat).The music they play over the loud speakers is way too loud, it isn't dinner music but rather some mainstream radio played so loud that it is difficult to have a conversation with the people you are having dinner with and you feel like you have to listen to someone else's taste in music at too high of a volume.
2	Three Words:  Overpriced Chinese FoodFor a chain, it's not that bad chinese food - not authentic, definitely what you call "Americanized Chinese Food", I'm always confused why they come to your table with their "special sauces" and then mix it, it's just soy sauce, hot sauce and mustard, am I not correct?  The portions are smaller than a usual Chinese joint and did I say over-priced?  I guess if you're in Madison this could be the place to go for Chinese, but then  you have to pay more for not even really good Chinese.  I've been here more than once with my family, we always seem to gravitate towards here if we want Chinese and we want to sit-down and eat.  The service here isn't the best either, they seem to just pride themselves in there fancy, over-the top atmosphere of "Chinese" decorations and huge horse statues mounted outside the front doors.
3	Lettuce wraps are a must.  They are the reason I go to PF Changs.  That and the banana spring roll dessert.  I normally get either the tuna, orange shrimp or honey chicken and all are always good.  Nothing extraordinary, but always quick, good and huge portions so you have something to take home.  The servers all seem knowledgeable and I really enjoy the booth seating and overall atmosphere.
4	My 3 year old son's favorite restaurant. I like it, the wife likes it. It's a winner. The food is good, the service is definitely adequate and items handed out with the children's menu makes dining there a lot easier on the adults. We're usually in and out fairly quickly too.
3	Food presentation is good but the Ma-Po Tofu leans too heavily on salt. The Garlic Noodles were more subtle. The Spring Rolls were crisp and fresh from the fryer  Lunch prices seem reasonable. Portions  are reasonably sized rather than super-sized with lesser ingredients  Good place to take people who aren't too fussy about the authenticity of the food but want a step up from the swill that passes for Chinese food in most of Madison  Decor is very good and a definite plus. Service is fast, friendly, and efficient. There are gluten free and vegetarian options.
4	i've been to several Changs.  Left my work credit card here by mistake.  Manager said she would Fedex it to me on Monday.  If it arrives - going to a 5 star!
5	And the credit card arrived!  Thanks so much!
2	We stopped here in the early afternoon to get some food to take home and enjoy.   I had heard some raves about this restaurant and my hopes were high.  When we stepped in there was no one there to great us at the carry out desk.   Understandable as it was a bit early and not the main entrance area.   We waited about 10 minutes and someone finally noticed us.  They apologized and took our order.During our wait we had the opportunity to watch the kitchen staff sort of laze about the kitchen area.  They could start with the pans that were left laying on the floor.  The area looked unkempt.   The restaurant looked dark and uninviting.  It reminded me of being back stage after the production of a high school musical.   Sounds a little weird I guess but that is what came to mind.The food arrived in ok time and off we went.Some of the flavors were a little better than what you find at Chinese take out places.  The portions were smaller than we expected.  Nothing that spectacular and nothing to rave about.May give them a second chance some day but there are many more places to check out before we go back again.
3	Good food, fine service, but not a destination restaurant.This area has many better choices.  For a quick predictable meal, P F Chang's is a good choice.  There was nothing wrong with my meal (salmon, rice, veggies) but there were no highlights.
3	Atmosphere typical of PF which I'm okay with! Wasn't too busy this day and noise was at a low level. Service was fast and friendly. Brown rice a bit dry. Shrimp n lobster sauce was okay! I was hungry or may have given one less star!
2	I have been to pf chang's many times and the food was quite good. Me and my husband went there recently and i feel that their quality has gone down. We ordered vegetable dumplings and it was very bad. We could hardly find any veggies inside. We also ordered vegetable fried rice and it was just average.
3	I like PF Chang restaurants.  This wasn't the best experience I've had there, though.  The food was very average; nothing to write home about.  The service was decent, only because it was a ghost town on a Saturday night.  ....very average, not like most experiences I've had with this chain.
3	It was my first time at a P.F.Changs.  I was not impressed.  It was good but not awesome.  Took along time for my group to get our lunch.  Egg drop soup was disgusting.  I love egg drop soup and that was the worst I ever had.  Spring rolls were good and there special combination of sauce was yummy.
5	Good, consistent food and really good service.  Whether dining in or carrying out we've never been disappointed.
3	Great meal. Good cocktails. Waay to pricey for an Asian food chain. It suffers from the typical Middleton restaurant dilemma: we'd like more people that just Middleton to come, but we know they can't afford it. They interior is attractive, but as with many restaurants, tables are tightly packed. I'd eat there again, but expect to drop a some coin for a dinner and round of cocktails.
4	The best Chinese food chain around! Pricy but very good. Not one dish I haven't tried that I haven't Liked
3	What this place really has going for it is the customer service.  The waitstaff is top notch.  This particular location has a nice, intimate feel to it, though, that does vary from location to location.  We dined at the PF Chang's in Denver a couple of years ago, and it was loud, crowded, and flooded with way too much natural light effectively killing the ambience.  Anyway, the food here is good, not crazy good.  You probably aren't going to run through the streets screaming about yer love for the PF Chang.  However, I'm a fan of the double pan fried noodles, and I could eat those until I explode.    I'd say this is a good place for a cozy dinner with a fine lady.  Hubba hubba.  Not that I did that.  I went here with a kid and a grouchy old man!  By the time we were ready to leave the provided chopsticks were being used inappropriately, and the kid was making herp derp faces at the old man and pissing him off.    I tipped big to ease the waitstaffs suffering.    Werd.
2	the food is great, almost always. However, the customer service is horrid, and has been for the past two years. I lived in Chicago previously, and frequented the PF Changs there. The wait staff's attentiveness at that location, which is 100 times busier, was much better. For the price, PF Changs should hire some better wait staff. It has turned us off of one of our favorite restaurants.
3	I've never been to a P.F. Chang's - and as somebody who grew up in Asia, I was pleasantly surprised with how it tasted close-to Chinese. It's nothing to write home about, but still a solid place to have Chinese food. I was in a group for work, and didn't get to see the bill, but I'm guessing it's on the pricey side.
1	Utter overpriced garbage. The vegetables do taste fresh and the tofu actually has some taste but there is one problem with the few things I've had - they apparently have no idea what spices are. It has got to be the safest, most boring sodium laced food I've ever had. Ma-po tofu last time I checked was a spicy food, what I had was about as spicy as butter popcorn from the movie theater.
4	Highly recommend the Gluten Free shakin beef dish. Cook and delivered perfectly!
1	Don't do it. Just don't. You're better of with some frozen boxes out of the freezer section of the grocery store. Our dish was half hot, warm in the middle, and cold on the other side. The dessert was stale and bland. BF was BLOATED like he was in his third trimester and miserable for TWO days after. Ew.
1	- First time here- Customer service is good- Food horrible:  I order combo fried rice and tuna appetizer             - rice was really greasy             - meat was too salty and dry( like beef stick texture)             - tuna tasted old, like it sat out for a while.- Food taste like it came  frozen pre-cooked in microwave- Only finished 1/4 of food( try to get money worth)- Went to a nearby Chinese take out shack that look like a dump and the fried rice there was 10 times better(Thai basil). Pork n mushroom at Chang Jiangs was tasty! I went to Thai basil and Chang Jiangs for lunch and dinner, give them 5 star.
2	I had the chicken lettuce wrap appetizer and the pork pot stickers.  They were middle of the road.  The spicy chicken on the lunch menu was more sweet, and the kung pao scallops were overcooked. My friend who loves all things spicy wasn't pleased with their hot dish, but the wait staff went back and brought out some of the flaming sauce from the flaming won ton dish.  My friend was quite happy with that when he used that to amp up his dish.  All in all, it was nice to have a lunch with a salad or soup option but they lacked taste in the hotness category and overcooking scallops is just not a good thing to do.  I'll try them one more time, but I'm not convinced it'll be better.
3	When you don't have that many options on Christmas Eve, this was a safe bet.  The food was a bit on the sweeter side of Americanized Chinese food. The egg drop soup and the spare rib starters were actually quite tasty. I wouldn't order the crispy honey shrimp or the sweet and sour pork again.  the chocolate peanut butter dessert was tasty.  Service was excellent, of course, that's what this Chain promises.  Middleton is a chain food paradise - we'd come back again, but likely not above our other local favorites - Fugu, House of Mei (in Sun Prairie), and other places near State Street in Madison.
3	I had some awesome lettuce wraps! It was a nice place and everyone was welcoming. The crispy honey chicken wasn't crispy and I feel like katos chicken in the mall is better and for more then half the price. Overall the food came out quick and if you go there try something more unique and get the lettuce wraps!
5	Went here with my wife for my birthday dinner. Our server made the experience way better than our expectations. They substituted some dinner options for us with no problem, food came quick, food was very tasty, and they gave us a few extras when they wrapped our leftovers (maybe because it was my birthday? )Dining environment was very relaxing and was prefect for our date night. I would recommend the lettuce wraps, Mongolian Beef,  and New York style cheesecake. I look forward to eating here again in the future!
4	I went to PF Chang's specifically to try their gluten-free (GF) menu. I had heard that PF Chang's has excellent kitchen practices in place to avoid cross-contamination with gluten-containing items. I also heard a touching story that the reason the restaurant has a legit GF menu is because the CEO's daughter has Celiac disease. I don't know if that's true or not, but it is a nice thought at least.The gluten-free menu is slightly limited, but I knew immediately what I wanted...the Mongolian Beef! I got mine with white rice and I made sure to specify that our table needed gluten-free soy sauce (which our waiter promptly brought out to me). The Mongolian Beef was the bomb! Sweet and slightly spicy, with crispy edges, yet it was still tender. My husband ordered from the regular menu and had a Cashew Chicken dish. He liked his a lot, but he preferred my Mongolian Beef. It was really, really good. Our waiter was pretty nice too. I thought he was attentive, and he didn't make me feel weird for asking lots of questions about the menu and making special requests. This review is only four stars instead of five for the following two reasons. 1. We waited a LONG time to place our orders. It was a bit excessive. However, once we did order, it didn't take too long for the food to come out. 2. I thought the food was really, really salty. I love salt, so it didn't ruin it for me, but I felt it was a bit excessive, and I had to drink about a quart of water later. Otherwise, it was a great experience, and I will definitely be back soon!
2	Since there are not a lot of good Chinese restaurant, I thought I give it a try. Well, the atmosphere is better than typical Chinese restaurant. The food is average fusion. Not too expensive. But not worth it.
5	We just ate at PF Chang's tonight -- and I seriously can't believe the amount of food that was on the table. It was seasoned well and piping hot. Our server was very attentive - actually saving our 3 year old from eating a hot pepper on the calamari (which they comped us because the chicken wraps came out after the kids' meals).
3	Ugh. I'm so not a fan of PFC. Why? The quality vs cost vs calorie-hit doesn't equal anything worthwhile by me. But, a coworker who's going in for surgery and will be out for a few months recovering wanted us to join her here for a "get well soon" lunch.+ Prompt seating; hostess quickly sat our group of 8+ Fast service; our server was on-top of things+ Great with drink refills+ Menu has a ton of options and choices- Hot & Sour soup was extreeeeeemely salty. My coworkers who had the egg drop all complained of the salt content as well. One remarked, "I think I hit my week's worth of sodium with that cup of soup." A cup of the hot & sour soup has nearly 1800mg of sodium. That's insane.- Entrees. One commented that her veggies tasted like soap. Another coworker was told that her chicken dish "was still raw, so the kitchen is going to finish cooking it." I ordered the spicy tuna sushi rolls; they were 99% rice, with a little dab of tuna and cucumber inside. Two of the pieces were falling apart, despite the rice having a paste-like finish. Somehow, the tuna roll also carries 930mg of sodium - do they brine everything beforehand? - Value. Our table paid $130 for lunch. Granted, it was 8 people, but none of us had any adult beverages, and we each ordered a lunch entree. No thanks.So, why the three stars? The service was good.
4	The appetizers are great! Not a big fan of the main course..just love the dynamite shrimp..it's phenomenal!!
