5	I want to go back to Pittsburgh solely to eat here.  Homemade thick cut potato chips with homemade honey mustard dressing.  Insanely good. The salads with french fries, steak, cheese, and homemade croutons.  WOW. My favorite sandwich, steak with red vinegar sauce and anchovies.  Insanely good. Quite a hefty beer selection too.
5	4 or 5 years ago, the wait wasn't so bad at Fat Heads.  I originally loved them because of the wings... try the Garlic Parmesan.  I'm glad to see an "older" Pittsburgh restaurant become so popular.  I like the chips and the Rachel sandwich is great.
4	Good selection of beers and food is decent bar food.  Huge selection to choose from and portions are huge.  Be prepared for a wait if you get there too late and want a table for dinner!!!
4	Fatheads is a great back on the Pittsburgh South Side.  The beer selection is amazing, and the sandwiches are huge!!  This is a must see when in town!
4	I really like this place, sure it's busy and you'll have to wait for a table but it's totally worth it.  I first visited this place about a decade ago when it was a much smaller place and not as well known, but they've always paid special attention to the food and beer selection.  I was here yesterday with a larger group of friends and we had a blast.  We didn't have a reservation and there was about 8 of us, so the wait was about 45 minutes.  Great excuse to have a few belgian beers prior to lunch.  We ordered some fries with bacon and cheese and also some fried mushrooms as appetizers, greasy goodness!!  The server was really good, she definitely knew what she was talking about with respect to beer selection and was very generous in offering samples of different delicious beers.  She was friendly, knowledgeable and then had a beer with us after her shift was over.  The wings are a must have when you visit.  My favorite item on the menu is the chargrilled wings which are delicious.  They are baked and then grilled, so they are not greasy at all and are actually probably relatively healthy for you... relatively...  The garlic parm wings are also great and I suggest you definitely try these as well.  I also ordered the steak and egg "headwich" which is  definitely as big as my head.  It was enough for three of us to share along with the wings.  And, to top it all off as if 6 belgian beers, wings, steaks, and eggs weren't enough we also tried one of the desserts (cheesecake) which was a little better than average.  Overall, this place has one of the best beer selections in town and probably the best bar food in the burgh'.  It's a must visit when you are in the city.
5	Never trust anyone who doesn't watch football, listen to AC/DC, or love Fatheads.What's not to love? Enough beer to send an entire fraternity to UPMC, enough wings to fly to Mars (the planet, not Butler County), and burgers large enough to snap your wrists off if you try to palm the whole thing. It's the greatest thing to ever happen to my stomach, ever.
4	Impressive beer selection, great sandwich menu.  One of the "safe" places to go in the South Side, where you can enjoy time with your friends over a good meal and great beer.  Real laid back vibe, competent staff and good prices. Seriously great beer selection.
5	I love this place, it's worth the wait for a table.  There is a broad beer selection and the menu is huge.  Take your time and read the menu, there are some hidden hilarious notes on there.  Do not go here if you are on a diet.My personal favorite is the nachos - do not expect Mexican style.  There is a mound of beef, nacho cheese, olives, tomatoes, etc on top of homemade potato chips.  The sandwiches and salads are HUGE!  I had more than enough of my BBQ chicken salad to take home.  The BBQ sauce was delicious by the way.  Surprisingly, the chips stayed crunchy even after spending time in the fridge.
3	I would first like to say, this place did not match the "hip/grunge" neighborhood that it is a part of, it is far more commercial in style and design.  NOW, that being said, if you like good food, a nice inviting place, and beer, GO HERE!I had the Renee's burger.  It one of a few burgers that are named after the owner's daughters.  It was quite good.  The meat is LOVELY, well seasoned, you could tell.I had the Framboise beer.  Its a favorite of mine, and often hard to fine on-tap.  Its a French raspberry beer.  If you aren't a regular beer drinker, its a great one to try.
4	Fat Head's Southside Slopes sandwich made an appearance in the in-room touristy magazine at the Marriott, and the ad was effective as hell-- once you lay eyes upon this animal, you know right away that your life will be incomplete without trying one. It seemed as though every beer advocate in town congregates here, and with good reason... despite the huge crowd, the tap list is an all star roster of fine brew at decent prices. The Southside Slopes was the star of the show, however. It's a beast of a sandwich with cheese and grilled onions atop pierogies and kielbasa. It starts out very good, with the kielbasa dominating each bite. It gets even better as time passes, with the cheese and pierogies melting into a creamy potato concoction that wonderfully complements the sausagey overtones. Trying to finish might make you uncomfortably overstuffed, but that doesn't make each step of the attempt any less of a religious experience. If you're in Pittsburgh, it's a must-do.
4	Here I thought i was walking into some burger joint to grab a burger before heading up mount washington.  Then I enter into a hidden gem of a brew pub!  This place probably had 30 microbrews on tap... and i didnt even expect it!   Imagine my pleasure when i saw my second favorite all time beer (Stone Runination IPA).  And i wasn't even disappointed when they didn't have it!  Just went on to Red Seal.  It was an absolute shock and so i had to hype it up to others!The food itself was pretty good.  Portions are gigantic and i almost passed up a hamburger for one of their really good looking salads. But its unlike me to pass on a burger.  I ordered the beach burger, which was pretty much your regular old american cheese cheese burger, with lettuce, tomato and onion.  It was nothing special but it was good.  I also enjoyed the fries... reminded me of my permanti brothers sandwich the day before!  Their sandwiches come with homemade chips which i tasted and were very good.  We had gotten fried perogies  after all the hype from the pirates game and they were excellent.  I mean could they really mess up mashed potatoes fried and served with sour cream?  The beer was great and the food was ok so i would definitely come back if i was ever in town!
4	Absolutely monstrous sandwiches, and an incredible beer list.  Given the atmosphere, I was pretty surprised by their beer offerings.  Tons of taps, and tons of really good microbrews.  Even a couple belgian offerings.Food was generally quite good, with the star being the massive sandwiches, or "headwiches", as they're called here.  The homemade chips were a nice touch, but I didn't really care for them a whole lot.  The outside porch area was very nice, with fans blowing a cool mist for hot summer days, or big outdoor heaters for cold days.You can't go wrong with Fat Heads, though it's a pretty popular place so expect a wait.  If you want some good beer from all around the country, be sure to come here.
3	Yay for lots of beer (and ciders) and lots of bar food! As everyone else has mentioned, they have an impressive list of beers from all over the country and some from Belgium too (42 beers on tap and I don't know how many bottled). I was quite excited by all the ciders/lambics they had on tap (apple, raspberry, peach, pear). The beer list has a small description of the beer's profile, alcohol content %, and the beer advocacy rating, which was very helpful and fun to look through. The menu is giant and the portions are giant too. We ordered the pirogis and they were damn good (granted it was my first time ever trying pirogis so I don't have any other place to compare too). The nachos were pretty bomb: freshly cut & fried potato chips (so they had a french fry flavor but chip consistency) with a ton of nacho cheese, jalapenos, olives, tomatoes, and sour cream. I also got a side salad and it was as big as an entree salad would be someplace else. Fat Heads is a good place to enjoy beer & satisfy your stomach.
4	A wall full of taps with enough beers to keep you interested for months at a time. A bottle shop upstairs that all of the good stuff. A menu with the full gamut of Pittsburgh food. Sport on the TV.Yeah, it's good. What's that, four different varieties of "buffalo chicken" sandwiches? Gigantic deli meat sandwiches with all manners of pork products and names like the "artery clogger"? Humorous in-jokes throughout the menu? Chips? Fries? Only thirteen different kinds of wings? GOSH!Really, it very well could be worthy of five stars if it weren't for the persistent firesh**s that come with the territory. Oh well, it's still worth it in the end.
5	Fatheads is everything that's good in Pittsburgh.  I moved away for a few years, and every time I came back to visit I hit up Fat Heads, it's that good.I would define Fatheads as "upscale" bar food.  Tons of huge sandwiches, (If you haven't been there before it will take you a solid 20 min to read the menu) and the salads are absurdly large.  Don't let the term bar food scare you, though.  it's not all fried, just don't expect gourmet.  Also try the soft pretzel; the honey mustard they serve it with is amazing.Don't forget the beer list!  There's regularly around 50 beers on tap, and at least 15 of these are different every time I go.  Don't be that person ordering a Miller Lite at this bar...Try something new, you won't be disappointed.
4	It's a good thing I don't live in Pittsburgh because I would eat here too often for it to be good for me.If you want a good, plain burger/sandwich with lettuce and tomato, you can get it here.  If you want a fantastic burger/sandwich with anything and everything but the kitchen sink on it, you can also get it here.  Definitely worth a stop in.
4	A group of us met here after work for a get-together and we had a great time.  There are lots of unusual beers on tap at reasonable prices.  The appetizers were also cheap...I highly recommend the hand-cut potato chips.  We had great service and did not feel rushed at all.
4	Fat Heads is awesome - huge portions of tasty food at very reasonable prices.  I went here for lunch and just had water to drink, but their beer menu looked very extensive and seemed to include quite a few different things.  I had the chicken spinach artichoke dip as an appetizer and the beauty and the beasty HEADWICH.  Yep, they're called headwiches, probably because they're as big as your head.  Anyway, everything was delicious, and the beasty sauce on the sandwich was spicier than I expected, which was a pleasant surprise.  The sandwich came with their chips, which you can tell are homemade.  I thought the chips needed some salt, but once I added a bit they became fantastic.Highly recommended - I'll be coming back here next time I'm in Pittsburgh!
2	Fat Heads has really great burgers but I have one issue. I don't like french fries but nearly every sandwich comes with them. I kindly asked if I could replace my french fries with something else and they told me no. I really find it hard to believe that inflexible restaurants still exist in this day and age.
4	My kind of place!  HUGE menu with tons of sandwiches, "headwhiches" and burgers!  I really like places that mix it up... I got a Kelsey burger which was topped with a pierogie and onions!  Portions were big but not ridiculous (I ate everything).  The only problem I had was it was a bit of a wait and I felt a little cramped at our small table.
2	The service was good. My wife enjoyed her burger. I had the South side slopes. I don't know what Maxim Magazine saw in this sandwich to rate it #5. The home made chips that come with the sandwich were not crispy at all and under seasoned. There is however a great selections of beer to choose from, and a staggering amount of draft options. Maybe next time I will go to drink and eat bar food. There are several better options locally for dinner.
3	Huge menu with a big selection of salads, sandwiches, beers, etc.  We stopped in here for lunch.  I ordered the french onion soup which wasn't good.  It tasted off.  I then ordered the buffalo chicken salad and it was just okay.  I probably ordered the wrong thing because I saw lots of yummy burgers and sandwiches and fries--lesson learned!  Very cool interior, and a great place to belly up to the bar and have a beer!
3	Big big selection of beers, appetizers and sandwiches. I had the wild raspberry beer from Colorado, it was very good. When we arrived on a Saturday for lunch it was packed! My party really enjoyed their chicken wings, I believe they just ordered original. The perogies were also tasty; tender pockets of potato-y goodness.I had the veggie sub with grilled green peppers, onions and black olives, prov cheese and french fries. Definitely was my first time having fries on a sandwich. It tasted like a cheesesteak sans the meat, pretty good. The sandwiches are HUGE though and come with either fries or potato chips. You'd be best off sharing one of these bad boys. The soups were good, as was the soft pretzel and one of the chicken sandwiches. My aunt did not enjoy the Tuna Steak sandwich so I guess avoid that. Service was relatively slow and was the biggest negative for this place. We waited quite a while for our food to come out while other tables were being served. We also did not get as much attention as I would have liked from our waitress, we were a large crowd of 7.
4	Mmmmm.  Delicious wings of all varieties, great beer list, but the real star for me is the Ol' Smokey burger, to which I am addicted.  The burger is juicy and perfectly cooked, topped with cheese, onions and barbecue sauce, and served with a side of "creamy horsey sauce"--basically sour cream mixed with horseradish.  The burger is to die for, and the horsey sauce tastes amazing on the fresh, crisp fries.  Minus one star because this is the only restaurant at which I have ever literally tipped nothing.  It was an isolated incident in which our server went MIA and we couldn't get anyone else to help us (with, for example, the fact that our order was wrong, or the fact that we needed to pay the bill).  In fact, the service is generally not great, but the food and beer are so good that I don't much care.
5	I'm not traditionally a gigantic-greasy-food-&-beer type of girl, but the men in my life have raved about Fatheads enough that I figured I'd give it a fair chance. The atmosphere is great, dimly lit, brick walls covered with beer paraphernalia, and TVs with some sports game on. I'm informed that there's usually a wait, but we didn't have to wait at all. Our server was really helpful. After telling her that I really don't like beer at all, she suggested that I try a framboise lambic and brought over three samples for me to try. Very friendly and accommodating.  The food was great as well, a big chicken sandwich for me and a great burger for my boyfriend. Overall, I was pleasantly surprised that I loved the food and atmosphere at Fathead's.
5	WooHoo. There's no place like home. I got the South Side slopes. It was really good. The service was nice. Waitress was kind enough to break our checks down for us (because clearly we would not be eating together unless we were working/forced to). Nice outdoor patio.
5	Not for the indecisive!  At Fat Heads, the draft menu alone offers a staggering array of choices, with dozens of different types of beers from which to choose.  Fortunately, our awesome server helped those of us unable to choose, and brought out some great (and locally produced) beers.The food menu is similarly overwhelming.  Highlights include homemade potato chips, which accompany the regular sandwiches and even appear in the nachos (somehow, it works).  I didn't think I was ready for a Headwich, and it's a good thing I didn't order one, because the regular turkey melt was plenty.  Maybe next time...
5	Fat Heads is not a place to go if you're on a diet but man is it good.They also have a bottle shop upstairs.I always go for a headwich and have had several. My favorite is the cool colossal and the artery clogger.  Can't substitute their chips for anytthing else but outside of that I have no complaints.  Expect long lines on weekends.  Well worth the wait.  Excellent beer selction.
3	Fatheads is just okay to me.  I know there are plenty who go ga-ga over the draft selection and the dizzying array of heart-stopping sandwiches but for me, it's just too much!  I don't do well with sooo many choices.  I always get the same things...either the burger (which is a-ma-zing!) or the Southside Slopes (also incredible).  Both come with PLENTY of delicious, homeade potato chips.  They remind me of the ones at Montgomery Inn back in Cincinnati.  Sooo good. I'll take a good cocktail over a beer any day, so I can't speak for the quality of their draft selection but my husband thinks its tops, so I'll take his word on that.  I will say that one Sunday I went in for lunch with a party of 4 to be met by a 45 minute wait.  We all decided to partake of Bloody Marys while we waited.  This was quite possibly the WORST Bloody Mary I've ever experienced.  I love a horseradish-y Bloody Mary, but this was over the top.  Others in my party said it tasted like a fish had died in the drink.  After that comment, everyone in the party left their 3/4 full Bloody Mary's at the bar.  Not one was taken off the bill...which only upset me a little as I didn't really expect it with the level of customer service I've seen here, which is to say, it's just average.But, you don't come here for top notch service and exquisitly crafted cocktails!  You come for the ridiculously concocted (and named) headwiches and the ample draft menu...and on those two points, Fatheads delivers.
2	If you're looking for an artery clogger then you came to the right place, service is good and doesn't take long to get the food but sandwiches are falling apart and you have to scoop it with a fork, the whole plate is just a big mess, and doesn't taste any better then it looks,  doubt ill come there again.
4	We had a really nice time here-the beer menu is epic, including some good onsite brews. The food was mid- to upper-quality bar fare, but honestly, I was looking for something kind on the arteries, and there was only one choice on the menu (an unappealing vegetable sandwich) that fit that category. I ended up getting the opposite, a bacon cheesesteak, and the best part of that were the homemade potato chips they served with it.
3	Quick table-service, even with the late night busy crowd.  Fantastic beer selection.  We had the pepperoni roll and soft pretzels.  Both great for sopping up the day's "activities".  A little loud, but deal-able.  Better offerings than typical bar choices.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed this place. I loved the Peach beer drink thingy, I don't remember what it's called but it was damn good! My bf got the killer wings, and to him they tasted like regular buffalo wings... the heat wasn't all it was cracked up to be. I ordered the veggie sub, which was good. I just didn't like french fries on my sub, it was more mind over matter. It made me feel like a fat heffer. My sub needed some better seasoning - add Goya seasoning por favor! I did like my pierogies, which I've ordered from here before. My bf got the cheese steak and on a scale of :( 1-10 =) he gave it an 8. My friend has always gotten the Aloha Chicken and she's never ordered anything else. It's a good place if you're about to get your period, or if you're just in the mood to gain 10lbs in one sitting. The beer was really good too!
4	Just had to update because I stopped in here for a quick lunch the other day and had the Jalapeno Cheddar Chicken Salad...the most delicious and gigantic salad ever created (this salad can't even feign to be healthy...I had to ask for it sans french fries).  I sat at the bar and was served by Apple, a bartender who was genuinely thrilled to be working the bar, or at least he did a damn good job of pretending to be!  Very entertaining staff, delicious food, quick service...Fathead's earned an extra star for me on this visit.
4	This place has a a great beer selection.  Good brews from both Pittsburgh and the east coast.  I had the Southside Slopes, which has been named the best sandwich in america.  I would get something else if I were to go back.  Not that it was terrible, it just wasn't any where near the best sandwich I'd had.  The bun was very good, the kielbasa was delicious, but it just didn't all come together like I'd hoped.  Some of the other sandwiches looked a lot better on their menu.  The chips that it came with were very good.  If you're looking for good pub food in Pittsburgh, I'd check this place out first.
5	This place was great! I had the Turkey Bacon Swiss Sandwich and a couple of beers. (large selection of food and beer). I was dining alone and all 3 bartenders made it a point to stop by and chit chat even though it was super busy.
4	A Pittsburgh favourite and mine as well!  Fat Heads has one of the best selections of beer on tap and their food never ceases to amaze me.  I've come here over a dozen times and always order a different sandwich and always love it.  Also great for sporting events (as are most places in Pittsburgh) but Fat Heads tends to get a bit crowded with a long wait.  Their beer prices can be a bit pricey for Pittsburgh as well.Of course their wings are up to Pittsburgh standards and would recommend trying their plethora of flavours.  The Southside Slope Headwich is a must try, however be warned you may need some help finishing this massive sandwich that could feed a family.  My personal favourite is the Beefed Up sandwich.  The combination of the banana peppers and the swiss cheese are a pleasant mix.
3	Fatheads is a great restaurant with a great beer selection, but one big drawback: the crowds.  I have stopped by at 9:30 on a Monday night, and had a 45-minute wait.  I have found that the crowds have gotten larger and larger over time, to the point that it's not that enjoyable anymore.  I'm all for having a few beers while waiting for a table to become available, but it ends up that you are crammed in the bar area for 2 hours, and you end up having too much to drink before you eat.  In the event that you DO get a seat in a reasonable time period, try the South Side Slopes Headwich: Kielbasa and Pierogies on a sandwich can't be beat.
5	Wonderful beer selection and great bar food. Typical Pittsburgh place with friendly atmosphere, great beers, and fattening food. I would give it 4 stars due to the crowds and the wait you must endure, but then I can't blame them for being popular. 5 stars.
3	wow...bring your appetite yinz guys.  dahn'air at fat head's you will be so stuffed by the end of your meal that you WILL need to have a designated driver for the ride home.mmmmmmmmmmm...n-nat.and, since you're in Pittsburgh i'm assuming you like your beer.  me too.  awesome selection.run there, waddle out.  hell yeah!
3	Why do I always, "step on the rake" with this place?  I just need to buck up and order one of their monstrous sandwiches and nothing else!  I ordered a burger and I was disappointed in it.  You could tell it was a frozen patty and it didn't have much taste.  The french fries were good.  My friend got the bbq beef sandwich, and I took a picture of it because I've never seen such a huge sandwich.  She had to cut it into quarters to eat it.  Still a great place to watch a game, and the number of beers on tap (both domestic and imported) is phenomenal.
5	I can't believe I've lived in Pittsburgh for over two years and had never visited Fat Head's until last night.  This place is as close to perfect as a pub can get.  Let's start with the most important factor: the beer.  Fat Head's has over 40 taps, most of which feature premium craft brews that rotate frequently; they even have beer on cask, which is hard to find.  Included are several of Fat Head's own brews; I tried their stout, which was fantastic.  Unfortunately for this hop-head, they were out of their IPA, which I've heard is stellar.  On to the food.  I began by ordering some of their spiciest wings as an appetizer.  "Are you sure?" the waitress asked several times.  "They're EXTREMELY hot."  Yeah, I'm sure.  Not surprisingly, the wings were nothing I couldn't handle, but they did have very pleasant flavor and heat.  Neither can match the Colombian gum numbers at Harris Grill, but they're up there.  The wings themselves, however, are superior: big meaty pieces fried hard, just the way I like it.  Fat Head's is famous for their "headwiches."  These things are pretty big, and the four of us were already a bit full from the wings, so we just ordered two to share: the South Side Slopes (kielbasa, pierogies, grilled onions, and provolone cheese [sub for American cheese, which is an abomination]) and the Expert Pastrami (pastrami, hot Italian sausage, cheddar cheese, and a fried egg).  Both sandwiches were quite tasty and, needless to say, filling -- American excess at its finest.  They also come with a big pile of homemade potato chips, which were very good.  By the end of the meal I was stuffed to the point of intestinal discomfort, which is rare for me; though I'm not a big guy, I can usually out-consume even my fat friends with no problem.  The atmosphere at Fat Head's was just fine, as was the service.  The only drawback to this place is its location; I don't care for the South Side and it's not convenient to get to.  Maybe it's for the best, though, as if this place were near my house I'd soon find myself broke and morbidly obese.
4	Great burgers and beers, excellent selection for both, only drawback is the horrible taxi situation on east carson.  Loved both the spicy bbq sauce and the habanero sauces, fries are best with a side of cheese sauce !!!
3	This place is somewhat legendary with the college crowd and it was recommended to us by a friend who is not a college student.  The place really packs them in and is loud.  Lots of beers on tap and a large, varied menu chock full of your standard bar fare and then some.  Their "headwiches" are apparently what they are known for and just reading the ingredients, you feel the arteries clogging.  This is not the place to go for "healthy" options.  It is, however, the place for yummy appetizers (loved their wings and the spinich/artichoke dip) and really satisfying sandwiches, served with their homemade chips.  Definitely a place to stop and grab a bite if you're in the Southside area.
3	I think I was expecting a tad more when I entered these doors.  We were seated promptly and ordered the following items:PepsiTeaFive killer wings (5/5 fat heads in heat)Ten original wings (4/5 fat heads heat)Chicken soupSmokey burger with friesSide of Homemade chipsI was really jonesing to try the Killer wings...I really enjoy food that is piquant with good flavor.  The waitress just looked at me and asked if I was certain and I said yes.  After waiting for a few minutes we recieved the wings and the chicken soup.  The chicken soup was really nothing special.  It was obvious that it was made from fresh ingredients, but the flavors were not in balance -- certain herbs were masking the flavor of the chicken partially while completely smothering the taste of the vegetables.I put my nose close to the wings and took a good whiff.  I was suprised to find that my nose did not retaliate.  I knew right off the bat that they were not as hot as billed.  I dug into the killer wings and ate two of them before I switched to the original wings.  I was not impressed.  The heat is NOT commensurate with the flavor in either the killer nor the original.  In fact, the flavor of the killer wings was subpar compared to the original wings.  Do not get these wings unless you hang out with a bunch of people that have no affinity for piquant foods and you are trying to show off.  The flavor is just not worth it.  The original wings, while not as bad as the killer, had a bit of a sweet base to them rather than the acidic base that I am so fond of...if you like sweeter things, you may like these.  I will be going for one of the 3/5 fat heads in piquancy next time to see if there is a better equilibrium between heat and flavor.As I was finishing the last of the wings, our sandwich arrived.  The flavor was somewhat lackluster; there was just too much bread.  As I was eating the hamburger, I started to speak to our server and she asked how the sandwich was.  She stated that for some reason the company they purchase bread from gave them rolls that were larger than normal and she was wondering what we thought.  Being myself, I told her about the overabundance of bread.While the food itself wasn't that great, I must say that the service was exemplary.  At no point did I feel smothered nor did I feel neglected.  Our servers chipper and up-front attitude definitely earned points in my book.  I will return, if nothing else to have a beer or two; but I do want to retry the burger to see how it is with the proper ratio of bread to burger.
4	I love beer! I especially love craft beer! So obviously this place was the place for me. There were so many beer selections and it was so hard to choose. We had lunch here. The sandwiches were good but the beer is where it is at! I think we ended up spending about 5 hours here. My friend was a little too tipsy to drive so we went next door to the tattoo parlor (bar + tattoo parlor= crazy drunken tattoo ideas!). I ended up getting not one, but two tattoos to waste some time for my friend to sober up. In reality, I wanted the tattoo that I got and had been planning it for a while, Fat Heads just helped move the timing of my tattoo up a bit. The timing worked out because by the time that I was done, my friend was all sobered up!
5	I don't feel the need to write an incredibly elaborate review for this place, but I will say this... their burgers rival the best i've ever had. I miss this place so hard. Fat Heads, I love u.
5	My friends and I went to Southside for dinner and to check out the nightlife in this area. Lots of bars on Carson...I chose Fat Heads because they are considered one of the best burger spots in Pitt. It took about 30 minutes to find parking in this area and once I put my name in for a table of eight, it was an hour wait. We decided to hang out at the bar and get some beers while we wait. I decided to get a pint of their brewed Christmas Ale, which was delicious. One of my friends like it as well.Once we finally got a table, we ordered two plates of buffalo wings. However, I only ate one because I wanted to save room for dinner. I thought the wing was okay and needed more sauce.  We were surprised how big the burgers were when we saw another table's orders came in. I decided to get the Smoky burger medium well which had provolone cheese, smoky bbq sauce, bacon, and onion crisps. I loved it and the french fries were excellent as well. For dinner, I decided to get a pint of Great Lakes Elliot Ness lager, a sweet caramel lager. I thought it was great along with my burger.One of my friends ordered a steak salad and that was huge. Everyone thought this restaurant was great and they have a large selection of beers.if I'm ever in Pittsburgh again, I want to come back again!
5	Go here for a darn good sandwich!!The possibilities seem endless... tons of beers and sandwiches to choose from. Everything I've ever gotten from here was absolutely delicious. I love to try all of the strange combinations they come up with, and I've never been disappointed.Only warning to you-- be careful with the extremely dangerous hot wings! Went there with a friend who got the volcanic wings and he offered me one, with me be unaware of what level he'd ordered. First bite seemed ok... but by the next one, my mouth was on fire. SO MUCH PAIN... my eyes were watering and when I tried to wipe them, well let's just say that was not such a good idea. So tasters, beware and stick to the oh-so-delicious sandwich menu!
4	Awesome beer selection.  Extensive menu.  Should be something for everyone.  Tuna steak sandwich was good.  Fries were awesome.  Buffalo shrimp- out of this world.  Waitstaff was friendly.  Nice large bar area to wait in.  Nice environment.  I would definitely go again.
4	I think I started to die a little here on Saturday night. No, really. I could literally feel my heart's arteries clogging a bit.... Started off with a HUGE wait for our table. No biggie...fast forward to the bar! A LARGE variety of beer to choose from, and some of it is even brewed by Fatheads themselves! I chose the Prohibition Pale Ale (after all, on 12/5/09 it WAS the 76th anniversary of the repeal of prohibition!). Very bitter, hoppy but hey, I like my beer, so I drank it all. I decided to go lighter (WAY lighter) and drank 2 pear ciders in about 10 minutes. Seriously. They were that good. My friend had the PP first as well, followed by a blueberry something or other beer. Tasty! FINALLY my phone rings--TABLE IS READY (YAY!) We started off with the garlic Parmesan fries....this is where I'm pretty sure I started to die....yes. For reals. could hear my arteries starting to clog. It was SO worth it....YUM! Ordered a Kelsey burger, cause c'mon, who can refuse a potato pirogi and bacon on a burger!? That too was good. When I'm back in the 'burgh, I'm gonna be back on the SOUTHSIDE!!! :-)
4	The wait wasn't as bad as I expected after reading the earlier reviews. Top notch beer selection and the sandwiches are huge. Unfortunately it was either the liquor or the killer sauce in my sandwich that attacked me the next day. I am not a fan of the killer sauce. I would have purchased some silly solvenier crap at the gift shop upstairs but there was nobody there to cash me out.
4	The wait is never that terrible, unless you're down on a Friday night - and even then, grab a beer at the bar to nurse your sadness. It's not like there isn't a few to choose from.Fat Head's has one of the greatest beer selections I've ever seen. Add to that a constantly rotating stock, and delicious food (I recommend the Beauty and the Beastie sandwich, pulled pork and cole slaw, piled high and spicy to boot) and you've got a winner. The only drawback is conversation can be difficult when it's crowded, but if you're looking for a quiet sit-down restaurant, there's other places nearby.Go upstairs to buy individual bottles and six-packs of beers you want - thanks to PA's archaic alcohol laws, this is one of the few places you can get beer in anything smaller than a case.
4	Tons of beer selection. Good price.  The food is not bad.  I've tried a number of the sandwiches and burgers and they are all pretty good.  If you want good beer and high cholesterol, go to Fatheads.  Just be prepared to wait in line.
4	Good:Awesome draft beer selection.Incredibly diverse menu.Great burgers.Bad:I find this place to be almost touristymuch more of a loud bar feel than a restaurantBUT Its southside so what do you expect.  Great place for a few beers and a burger.  but not the type of joint you hang out in for much else.
3	The food is good, the portions are big, the drink selection is nice.It's really noisy, often packed, the waitstaff isn't that friendly, seating it tough on a weekend afternoon/night
4	Had a great time at Fat Head's on a Friday night. We arrived around 7:30, put our name on the list and gave the host a cell phone number. When our table was ready she called and led us to an outside table on the side of the restaurant.Our server was friendly and attentive. I ordered a headwich and my date ordered a salad. Both arrived extremely quickly. The headwich was absolutely delicious. They also have a great selection of beers on tap, including a few that are brewed for Fat Head's.The only complaint I have is that all of the headwiches come with chips, not fries, by default, and they make kind of a big deal on the menu about 'no substitutions.' It's not that their chips are bad, it's that I prefer fries, and why is it such a big deal if people don't want potato chips with their meal, anyway?
4	42 beers on tap. 25 varieties of burgers, and 30 different headwiches (they call them that because each sandwich is as big as your head. Not to mention 13 varieties of Buffalo wings and all other kinds of munchies).  Great atmosphere and better than average for a bar menu.
5	This review is strictly for the food:So, the bf and I ordered pick-up from Fat Heads' right before the kitchen closed... and wow, what a GREAT note to end our Pittsburgh trip on. I'm a sucker for home-baked potato skins and each of the burgers and sandwiches comes with a side of them. We got the Classic Fat Heads Philly Sandwich and it did NOT disappoint. True to its name, the sandich was as big as our heads... Suffice it to say, we couldn't finish it in one sitting (even though we shared one!). So, we heated up our leftovers the next day for lunch and it was STILL good. That's how you know how awesome the food is.Since I've decided on going to CMU for graduate school, I'll be frequenting Fat Heads for sure!PS. We originally intended on going to Primanti Brothers (because of its frequent mention on the Travel Channel), but local sources have all stated that Fat Heads is the place to go.
4	If you dare, go for the Voodoo combo.  Voodoo Monkey Stout & chase it down with the Voodoo Killer burger.  The burger was hot as hell but well worth the pain.  The staff was quick & the suggestion of Pedros Nachos was spot on.  It fills up fast but you'll be glad you hung out.  One of the guys got the Beer Camp and was the envy of the rest of the table.
2	Good food. Real good food. Had the Rosemary chicken sandwich and tuna salad. Both very well put together. Huge portions. Lousy service. Started with the bartender who took forever to get to us. Carried over to table service. Had a guy who just didn't give a care what we wanted, when we got it, or how we were doing. Dropped our food off and didn't return for nearly 10 minutes. Not a big deal if you have eating utensiles but we didn't. Had to call out to him to get us some. Had to get our own extra napkins. No refills. Had to ask for to go boxes. Tipped him a more than generous 10%.
5	By far my favorite place to eat in Pittsburgh. From giant custom sandwiches to hulking burgers to salads bigger than you can imagine, this place has what your hunger needs. Not to mention the fantastic beer selection....
4	Who says "Local" in Pittsburgh means: toothless, smoke-y, dive-y, tattered blue collar? Fat Head's sure doesn't. Fat Head's says Local is: cleanliness, heartiness, potent ale & fine food, HDTV (with volume for games) & the finest tap list and cleanest, best looking tap build in the city. (Really...I hadn't seen something this nice since Father's Office in Santa Monica, CA.)They have Bear Republic on tap. I hadn't seen Bear Republic anywhere East of the Rockies. To me...that's a sign that this place is a beacon for delites. I didn't get a chance to try any of their own brews...I'll be sure to venture there when I return. I gave them the classic bar test: wings & the burger. They passed with flying colors of buffalo sauce and red-red meat.
4	the food is awesome.  and the beer selection is great too.  large portions, great waitstaff.check it out!
2	Not gonna lie, was totally disappointed this time around when I ordered the Classic Steak Sandwich and Classic Chicken Club. I don't know if it's because the place was JAM packed (because of the World Cup) this past Saturday, but the food was seriously lacking. Even as I passed by each person's table, the nachos and burgers all looked pretty unappetizing.My biggest gripe was that the Classic Chicken Club sandwich was described as being the Fat Heads' Classic Steak Sandwich but substituted w/ chicken... it totally wasn't. Not only that, the grilled chicken they used were also literally chicken chunks (yes, the kind used in salads). Honestly, who uses grilled chicken chunks in a SANDWICH? At least, use a slab of grilled chicken! This made for a messy and soggy sandwich, where all of the contents (including all of the grilled chicken chunks) fell out pre-bite.I'm willing to give this place another chance though... Stay tuned for an update.
4	They have a huge selection of drinks, and their menu is absolutely HUGE.I have eaten here several times and here are some of the things I recommend: French onion soup, wings (especially the parmesean sause), and the artichoke dipDo not recommend: loaded nachos (way too greasy), char grilled wings of any kind (very dry and over cooked).I have never had a burger here but it looks HUUUUUUUGE, and i definetly want to try one, at some point when I come here and i'm starving. the atmosphere is cool and trendy, and this place is overall very fun.
4	so I ordered the voodoo killer burger medium rare.  and it actually came medium rare.  I was pleased.  not a lot of places get burger temps right.  the burgers sauce was also hot enough to make me well up with tears and sweat.  it was awesome.  a hot sauce that is actually hot.  fresh french fries.  garlic parm wings that were covered in parmesan.  home made ranch on the wings and burger.  great stuff.
5	LOVED IT!  The other reviewers aren't kidding about the menu, it's like a litany to food and it takes some time to figure out what item on it makes you drool the most.  I had the renee burger:  american cheese, bacon, sauteed mushrooms, and cheddar cheese sauce, with fries.  It was a plate of food that I could never even hope finish, every bite delicious.  Bonus, even though it was like 1130AM when I ate there, when I asked our waitress if I could have a shot of absolut citron, she didn't even blink before exclaiming "absolutely!"  I'll definitely go back (when I'm hungrier!)
4	nice tap selections and the wings and sandwiches are great as well.
3	AMAZING beer selection! Sadly, that's about all this place has going for it. The food is mediocre at best and the place is crawling with douchey dude-bros. If you're into d-bags and crowds then this is the place for you, as for me I would rather buy a case of Arrogant Bastard and sit on my porch swillin.
5	Heard good things about this place from the locals we asked and it didn't disappoint. We were seated within minutes, unusual for 5:30 on a Saturday.Appetizer arrived quickly and there were many beer choices, including a great fruit beer that tasted nothing like beer. Just what I like!The menu  was huge and so was the food when it arrived. Do not eat here if you are on a diet. There is literally nothing on the menu that could be classified as healthy. It was one of the best sandwiches I've eaten in awhile.  Had the "Original Chicken Sub".My boyfriend had the "Beauty and the Beast" and I swear he talked about it for 2 days. I think he is going to dump me for the sandwich.Good waiter, not obtrusive or annoying at all, very reasonably priced. Between 8-14 for a sandwich/sub with homemade chips. Definitely will be back.
5	Go hungry and get the Southside slopes.  Kielbasa and pierogies with cheese and onions on a big roll with a cold Iron City!  We went here for my birthday last year for the first time and now every time we go to the south side i demand to go there.While you're waiting for your table, keep an eye out for Max Talbot, who lives in the neighborhood.
4	~Happy Hour with the bro on friday~So you know when you are really hungry but feel the need to order a salad to be healthy but secretly hope its in a barrel-sized bowl with a lot of extras- well this is how Fat Heads does salads! Roasted Potatoes in a salad, I don't hate it! I got the grilled shrimp salad that was served in a the family-sized bowl which was delish! I also got a bloody mary which was one of the better ones I have had( all the works celery, olives, lemons, limes).Bro got a grilled chicken salad which was a perfect 'man's salad' covered in cheese, french fries, and roasted potatoes.  Man Healthy accompanied with a bud lite...classy bro. He dug it tho. Scene: Mixed crowd (kids, yinzers, yuppies) decent array of males (typical button down crowd), nice outdoor seating area with a lot of fans to beat the Pittsburgh humidity. Overall: Will check out the bar again with some girlfriends (bro was a bit of a cock block, sry bro)! Check it out!
5	I went here before going to see Kina Grannis perform, that night... A friend of mine had suggested it, so we all met here.. About a half hour wait, and we sat outside (it was hot as HELL that day, too) but it was soooooo worth it. The food here is INSANE!!! Their fries? Amazing. Their home-made chips? Amazing! The sandwiches? To die for... and you probably would, considering how large they are! Seriously, it was sooo much food, and it was so delicious. I'm thinking about flying out to the Pitt just for a day to come back here!! SO good!
4	If you're in the mood for some food with a kick and a cold beer, go to Fat Heads.  Also, they have a *huge* amount of beers on tap and each one was as cold and tasty as the next one.  The Pastrami I had on my sandwich was excellent and my friends Chicken salad was the "best she has ever had."  I addition we order the Cheesy Jalepeno Wings which were ok, however, the sauce that was used for them was the best part.  It was *so* much better as a dip for the chips that came with the meal.  Restrooms were clean for a saloon, yet, that is not saying much.  I"ll be sure to return if I'm ever back in Pittsburgh again.
3	Good service, good selection of beers,  and good chicken wings.  Chicken wings had a good crispness to them even under the tasty sauces.  We had the mild Buffalo sauce and honey BBQ sauce.  Also had the grilled shrimp salad which came in a huge bowl.   However the shrimp was not seasoned which was a disappointment.  Husband had 1/2 rack of ribs which were tasty and filling.  Beers are on the pricey side but they have a wide variety that will satisfy east and west coast patrons.  Bathrooms are clean enough and service was friendly and quick to fill your glasses.
5	If you are in Pgh and haven't been to Fat Heads shame on you!  If you are visiting, get yourself to this idealic Pgh Saloon.  Everything is great especially the headwiches and wings.  The FatCap is my favorite sandwich.
5	Fathead's is like the Cheesecake Factory of delicious pub food.  I mean that in a good way: an unassuming place with a deceptively large menu and tons of choices.  They also have 42 beers on tap, but we were taking it easy for lunch.Any place that incorporated pierogies into their sandwiches gets full marks for creativity.  My friend Lili got the Kelsey burger with sharp cheddar, bacon, a potato-filled pierogi and onions with a side of horseradish.  The cheddar had a nice bite, the burger was cooked perfectly, the buns are fresh-baked and delivered by a local bakery daily.I opted for the Killer Chicken.  A chicken sandwich with swiss cheese, roasted sweet red pepper and a spicy, peppery caribbean sauce, served with ranch on the side.  It was spicy at first, but lost its heat as the meal went on.Shining start of the meal: the Chicken Parm soup.  It was a tomato-puree based soup with generous amounts of grilled chicken, diced onion, pepper and spices and a good amount of mozzarella cheese on top, baked on like they do a french onion soup.  it was amazingly flavorful and hearty and easily the scene-stealer of the day.Great food, good price.  I have something to write about  to the boys back home!!
5	The sandwiches, or as they're called here at Fat Heads, Headwiches, are un-freaking real.  These massive sandwiches are topped with the tastiest of ingredients-kielbasa, pierogis, bacon, sausage, and fried eggs to name a few.  I tried The Bender, Beercamp, and Southside Slopes and all were fantastic-but if I had to chose just one it would be The Bender.Their wings are also really good and meaty and their sauces are so good we considered buying some to bring home-their Original has just the perfect amount of heat to make you sweat a little, but not sear off your taste buds.If the food wasn't enough, their beer selection is fantastic.  I tried the Southern Tier Pumking beer and it tasted like a vanilla candle smells, if that makes any sense.  Not an overpowering pumpkin flavor, with vanilla and cinnamon notes to really make it stand out.This place is super packed at night.  We went for lunch around noon on a Saturday and didn't have to wait at all-I think that's the way to go, our hotel's shuttle driver told us the wait for food could be about 4 hours on weekend nights-crazy, but after tasting their food, I would consider it worth it!
4	This place is fat-tastic!! The beer selection is to die for!! The bloody Mary's are amazing! & the food Wonderful!! We started our meal with the Spinach & Artichoke dip! That was so tasty! The bread that they make to dip it in, melts in your mouth!! We then moved on to the fat head sandwiches which were just as good. Definitely recommend this place for a good time & good food!! :-)
2	Food: 2Decor: 3Service: 3Came here with a CMU friend and his roommate for lunch http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LQFmktF43j2NPncKdNd9mg?userid=2fN8mN7uUjOw-QqtcgYqXQ, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LQFmktF43j2NPncKdNd9mg?select=ectq7EJSuU6cMqOSkS_8Hw. Great beer selection, but the headwich was disappointing.1. Cask rogue mocha porter, 6 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LQFmktF43j2NPncKdNd9mg?select=LYo3WgvDV2NW2X3Mt4SmjgSo-so. I liked my friend's beer a lot more.2. 20 wings with original sauce, 16  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LQFmktF43j2NPncKdNd9mg?select=e8xcRgJhJdaNmkAcT5uo4wPretty good. Original sauce was a bit too spicy for me, but the wings were quite yummy.3. Southside slopes, 10 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LQFmktF43j2NPncKdNd9mg?select=-jtR1Na4tpO8edvPNONQRgNot that great. #5 best sandwich in the USA? Definitely not. Basically just cheese and sausage stuck between two slices of bread. My friend's
5	Loved Fat Heads. The wings here are really good. Not as good as the kitchen sink at William Penn but still very good. I like the spicy parmesan and the honey bbq. For the munchies, you need to get the loaded potato skins. They are awesome. My friend used to work there as a host so he'd always bring home a ton of potato skins when he got off work and not gonna lie. Even though they were cold, you throw those in the microwave and heat them up, they are still unbelievable. The pastrami ruben is very good. But my main course is usually a burger. And my ... do they have burgers. I'm a big blue cheese fan so of course I like the bacon blues burger. The mushroom swiss is also very good. I once tried the fiery voodoo killer burger but that was way too hot for me and had to get a different burger instead. But the best part about fatheads is the BEER!! they have way too many beers here which is awesome. The beer list also changes so you may miss one if you don't swing in frequently. They also have a beer frequent flyer thing that if you drink enough beers consistently at Fat Heads, you get your name put on their wall. One of my friends came here almost nightly to try and get his name on the wall for about 8 months and still couldn't get on it. It's very exclusive and it is awesome if you do get your name up there.
5	Awesome place to get a beer (or several...) and watch the game (or several...)This place has a huge beer selection from all over.  No matter what style you want, they have it here -- even ciders!  They've got a ton of TVs and are very amenable to requests.  If it's playing somewhere, they can probably get it on DirecTV.The food selection is pretty good.  Burgers and stuff if that's your thing, or salads the size of your head.  One of their salads has chicken, potato wedges, and melted cheese on top.... mmm... heart attack *in a salad*.  Awesome.Bartenders are really entertaining, too.
4	One of Pittsburgh's must visit bars. Fatheads is almost always busy with a 30-60ish minute wait for a table every Friday + Saturday night. With that statistic, you'd think this was some kind of fancy, trendy restaurant. But, it's really not, it's a bar. A bar with a great beer selection, including their own brews, and a really delicious menu. This just goes to show that some of the best, most popular places don't have to be fancy or have a trendy foodie following. It just has to be damn good. I'm a fan of their killer sauce hot wings. It makes me salivate just thinking about them. They have a huge selection of sandwiches, both heart-attack style and healthier. The big famous sandwich is the Southside Slope piled with kielbasa, pierogies, and toppings. But, since I am not (or try not to be) that much of a glutton, I'd go with the Meatless Millie, their pierogies sandwich with sauerkraut.**I interrupt this review with a public service announcement** You can not check out the Pittsburgh food scene without eating pierogies. what are they? don't ask, just order. Places to get good pierogies: Fatheads (duh.), Bloomfield Bridge Tavern (BBT), Church Brew Works, some Polish grandma's kitchen. **Now back to your regular programming**With a good selection of salads to choose from, even your healthy eating friends will enjoy Fatheads. But the real question is: why do you have healthy eating friends? and why would you go out to eat with them? Oh, and last but definitely not least, the beer. That you'll have to experience for yourself.
4	Large beer selection (most on draft), bartenders that seemed to know what they were talking about, and an overall good vibe in the bar.  We only stayed for a couple of rounds, but had a great time and I'd love to go back if I'm ever in town.
5	My only problem with this place is that it has about 800 sandwiches to choose from. How can you decide?? They are the size of your head, and for the average price you'd pay elsewhere. And they are delicious! Lots of beer on tap too. If you go in the evening, i'd say around 5-7pm, expect to wait around for a table. This place is kind of small and gets very crowded.
4	Legendary huge sandwiches and extensive bar. Get there by 11:30a for a lunch table. (Note, nearly every review of Pittsburgh restaurants seems to include the line "huge sandwiches")
4	Great place to watch the Steeler game (and only the Steeler game when they are playing), have a few beers and a great sandwich. Bloody mary's are good, too. I can't remember the name of the sandwich I had, but it's basically a cuban, and a damn good Cuban at that. Service was good, considering how busy the place was. I would definitely go back.
5	My mouth is watering. For their gigantic burgers! For their homemade potato chips! For their Parmesan wings! For the many many many beer selections on draft! They literally have a burger that's called the heart attack. Be warned! This is just a great place on so many eating and drinking levels! I also enjoy the outdoor seating area during the summer so you can people watch on Carson St! There's usually a wait most nights and on weekends but it never takes too long to get in. Plus it's TOTALLY worth it!
5	WHAT? Sandwich's as big as your head, with tons of different stuff on them...Awesome beer selection, great atmosphere...This place + some friends= one of the best times you ever had!FYI: they are pretty cool about you doing whatever you want to a headwich...more sauce, add this, extra that, :)
3	Surprisingly, we only spent 10 minutes searching for a parking space on a weeknight!We had coconut shrimp for appetizers. Very crispy. Not greasy, but a tad too spicy. Initially I wasn't impressed with their drink selection. I wanted a sam Adams imperial stoudt which they did not carry.However I was impressed at with our waitress's knowledge of the menu. She suggested a different imperial stoudt, and I really like it. My alternate beer was defiantly comparable in texture dark, thick, syrupy but slightly sweet.I had a double d sans provolone and Parmesan. It came stacked with sausage , steak, and salami topped off with tomato based sauce. Pricing is reasonable for the area.
5	This place is crazy popular and for several reasons.I came in on a Saturday afternoon that was bumping.   We were told it would be an hour long wait, so we headed to the bar which is of a big enough size to hold enough people waiting.  I had two different beers which were fantastic.  The food was worth the wait.  Perogi appetizer was really good.  I order the bacon cheeseburger which was good, although the patty was a bit too small for the bun.  The bun was of really good quality, which is super important.  The fries were also good and large in number.  Sandwiches come with chips, I grabbed some and was BLOWN away.  These are not chips from a bag, these are fantastic homemade chips.  So goooood and reasonably priced.Also, if you buy a mix-n-match six-pack of beer in the little store up top, there is some special deal like $10 off or something.  Worth checking out!
4	Not that this place needs another review, but I'd like to give the out-of-towner review.  I've heard good things about this place on yelp as we were trying to fine a pre-game restuanrant on Carson.  We were expecting long lines thanks to previous yelp reviews so that wasn't a big issue.  The bar was extremely packed so we went to one of the bars next door to have a couple of beers before dinner.  We went back to FHS after about 45 min so our name wouldn't be called and us not be there.  We asked one of the friendly hostesses how much longer the wait was and she said not very long so we made our way to the bar.  Within 2 min she came and got us and said we're not next but she saw us and didn't feel like screaming, which was very nice of her.  Onto the food.....We both had a burger, I had the Renee and my girlfriend had just a normal burger.  I gotta say it was much better than I expected and I left with a full and tired belly.  The waitress was not overly friendly but not overly attitude-ish as well.  She helped us out with some after dinner bars (see my review of Marios).Fat Heads is definitely a place to go if you're visiting Pittsburgh or if you are extremely hungry.  I'll probably go back when/if I visit Pittsburgh again.
4	My host was excited to take me here, "the sandwiches are as big as your head!" This sounded intriguing yet painful. And for a food hunter like me, the prospect of being full is a downer, but I let go and caved in. They were easily good. This place has a formulaic feel like TGI Fridays, but it's forgivable because they only have one more location (in Cleveland, a town the locals loves to hate). The menus are fun to read and if the portions weren't so damn big, I'd get wings and fries too. Great bar food, great beer. No wait, outstanding food and beer. But still, it's just so refined I could never call it a favorite. No, not like Pickle Barrel.
5	Hands down the best sandwich in Pittsburgh is the South Side Slopes Headwich. Yum! Fun atmosphere too.
3	Touristy, pricey, but good. I had a turkey mushroom swiss melt. It had great flavor. Not a fan of the homemade chips, but I don't like chips. The drinks were okay. Two sandwiches, cheeses sticks & 2 drinks ended being $70.00......that is high in my book!
4	Awesome sandwiches here!! and a ton of beers on tap!I had some AWESOME cider here and tried a friend's disgusting Belgian white beer.Anyway back to the food, cause who cares about the rest right?I ordered the sliced steak sammy with egg which was good but heart stopping and had a taste of the cuban which was even more delicious.  The cuban which stood out to me was quite spicey for all you spice lovers out there.  Quantity wise the sandwiches were more than enough for a big eater like myself, so no worries there.Oh and who can forget one of my favorite parts of the meal...the home made potato chips!  They were the perfect mix of soggy and crispy.  And yah, i did say soggy!  For some reason even the texture of the soggy chips still complimented the meal.All in all Fatheads is a great place for food drinks and fun, enjoy!
5	Fathead's is where you want to go to have tasty, unhealthy food that never lets you leave feeling full. It's extra tasty the day after a late night out, the greasy goodness definitely helps in the detoxification process.  I've been eating here for years and was very excited to try out the new menu. I couldn't wait to see what culinary gems had been added and needless to say, I was delighted. They've kept their standards: wings, headwiches, burgers, etc., so if you have a favorite item, most likely it's still there. After much deliberation I went with the brand new Mo Betta Beef N Chedda, which the menu describes as: smoked beef brisket, sharpcheddar, portobello mushrooms, bacon and chipotle mayo.  Umm..bacon, cheddar and brisket?? Sign me up.  It was delicious, just the right amount of cheese and meats. I even dipped mine in a side of ranch to add to the caloric intake. The wait is usually long (about an hour, but that's just enough time to grab a beer at the bar or head next door to Casey's for a brew) but it's totally worth it. You'll leave stuffed to capacity but it's bite for bite one of the best places in the Burgh. If you see me there, say hello! I've got a lot of new menu items to try out...PS - Think you'd never eat healthy at Fathead's? Think again! Also on the new menu are veggie burgers and new salads that aren't loaded with fries and cheese. Boring, maybe, but at least there are options!
5	So when you tell me a place serves sandwiches the size of your head, I'm instantly intrigued.The menu was complete overload but in a good way since everything looked tasty. I was kinda sad that I wasn't hungover since 85% of their menu looked like it could cure a hangover in a minute. I ordered the Mo Betta Beef N Chedda and settled on that. I got a little nervous since I didn't want to have food envy but felt confident about my selection. And confident I was. Placed in front of me was one of the most beautiful sandwiches I've ever seen along with a heaping pile of potato chips. It was so on.....I said hello to my sandwich and took a picture of it for the memories because I was sure it would be gone very soon. So Tiffany vs. Food was on but unfortunately Tiffany failed. The leftovers were just as orgasmic as they were in the restaurant. When we left it was around 1:30P and they was a wait going on with a line out the door so be sure to go there early if you go on the weekend.
5	This place is the only reason I regret moving to LA, and the first place I visit when I'm back in the 'Burgh.The most unhealthy, over-portioned, delicious food I have ever eaten. Everyone raves about Primanti's being the place to visit when you are in Pittsburgh, but they have it wrong. Everyone I bring here is an instant fan. McMinn's Chicken Dance is mouth-watering (chicken breast, fried egg, cheddar cheese, etc. Need I say more?). Wing Night is the place to be. Their beer selection is phenomenal, and they have 30+ on tap. It's always busy and has a great location in the South Side.  I really wish someone would open a franchise on the West Coast.
5	Pittsburgh is known for food that can give you cardiac arrest in a matter of seconds and Fat Heads Saloon is the one leading the cholesterol train.A bar with beer options from all over is my kind of place.  I got Bell's Oberon, one of my favorite beers and with one sample sip, the rest of my crew got the same.  I love to spread my love for Bell's around.Anyways, we were seated and began to read their extensive menu.  Dear lord there were so many ways to die.  We ordered the nachos to start.  The potato should be the official vegetable of Pittsburgh (and yes, I know potatoes are not really a vegetable).  Since Fat Heads makes their own chips, they build their nachos on potato chips instead of tortilla.  Why are more people not doing this?  These were the best nachos I ever ate.  My lady friend and I decided to split the Southside Slopes sandwich.  The gents ordered the steak sandwich and the Quadruple Bypass burger.  From what I can tell, both were super happy with their choice since they both polished off their meals (and won my heart by doing so).The Southside Slopes won a place on Maxim's best sandwiches list and I know why.  I have had many a food coma, but I have never been drunk from food and this is what that sandwich did to me.  I literally was buzzing from my half of sandwich, which is a bun with kielbasa, pierogies, grilled onions, and cheese with horseradish sauce.  I am either sad or glad this place is 5 hours away from me.  I can't decide.  I do know if I have to die from a meal, I will pick Fat Heads as my way out.I am so happy to have ended my trip here.  This is a definite must for any visitor or local alike.
5	The reigning champion of wingdom, so far.  I'm a Texan and these are, by far, the biggest wings you'll see this side of heaven.  The 'original' are phenomenal & the cheddar are a unique change of pace.  Try them grilled as well.  Haven't had a bad flavor yet.The fact that they have an amazing beer selection, just adds to the euphoria.
5	Omigosh! The Fathead's Headhunter IPA was fabulous as were the chicken wings and burger. Everything was five star!
4	Came here on Saturday night just after 9pm and it was packed! We (4 of us) had to put our names down and wait for a table so we waited at the bar. Even though it was packed, service at the bar was quick and friendly (say hi to Apple!). 35-40mins later we finally got our table. We ordered the Mo Betta Beef Headwhich (O-M-G so tasty! so full meat! nom nom nom), 20 garlic parm wings (very parm-y, large wings - so if you're eating these as an app for 1, get the smallest amount), perogies (they were good but I like pan-fried better....these tasted like phyllo wrappings), and hot peppers (also very good! and very spicy). We shared everything so we can get a taste of different things on their menu. Table service was fast & efficient. No problems at all at this place. I'd def come back here for the Mo Betta Beef again!Then if you have some room left in you; you can go upstairs to their "beer store" which consists of many types of beers that you can mix & match. If you get a 6-pack, you get $12 off the total price. Plus if you ate at the restaurant I think you get another 5-10% off. Seriously.  (I love America!)
5	The sandwiches are like no other and the wings are great and even can be ordered grilled. The beer selection is absurd.
5	This is one of the best places to get a sandwich in Pittsburgh.  Their menu is enourmous.  They have to have over 4 dozen sandwiches alone.  They also have wings and other delicious foods.  Also they brew their own beer here.  Fat Heads is a great place to go for a sports night in Pittsburgh or for just any regular night when you want to get some good food.
5	Best. Bloody. Mary. EVER. Great food... grown up grilled cheese...
5	There are no bad options here, a very good selection of food and an impressive beer list as well as their own brews.  The biggest damn sammiches and salads this side of the Mon River can be found here....though I love love love their wings (Killer sauce) and garlic fries most of all.  I cannot pick a favorite beer, there's too many to choose from! If you're from da Burgh and have never been there, what are you waiting for?? If you're visiting the city, you should definitely include a stop here on your itinerary.
4	This place is always packed with people.  And almost all of them will be dead by the time I finish writing this.  This place is about as good for your health as a Cambodian prison.  But what it lacks in keeping your heart functioning properly, it makes up for in raw, animal deliciousness.  By the time you're done eating, you will be covered in so much red, dripping effluence, that you will look like a zombie from 28 Days Later.  It's a damn viking feast every time we're in there.  The food is sloppy, but good, and if you've committed to coming here, I would avoid the salads.  That's like going to hell to get a tan.  This place is famous for it's unbelievably large burgers and sandwiches.  They are in no way haute cuisine, but instead rely on the basest of delicious ingredients to make them stand out.  The amount of sodium you ingest is around the salt level of one of the smaller oceans, and that's just for the wings.They have their own beer, and an impressive beer list on top of that.  You will leave here feeling like that guy from the Monty Python sketch, so don't accept any mints, because you will fucking explode.Waitstaff has always been very efficient considering the amount of people in the place.Even though this place could very well be responsible for 30% of the heart attacks in Pittsburgh, it's a great place to take new to town peeps, and people that you want to die.
5	awesome you must go!
4	Our first stop in Pitt and definitely worth the 45min wait. We ordered lots and lots of food cuz most of us were starving by the time we were seated. We had 4 different orders of 10 wings, and tried their Honey Chipotle, Spicy Parmesan, the Fat Head Original and Jalapeno Chedder. It was a unanimous vote that we all LOVED their Spicy Parmesan wings; so different and SOOO good!!! The rest of the sauces, however, were very average. Then, my fiance and I ordered the famous Southside Slope Headwich, which is supposedly voted the #5 Best Sandwich in the US. When we got our sandwich, we were so glad that it was ordered to share cuz the portion was HUGE. And honestly, one of the BEST sandwiches we've had and that's probably because we liked everything in there: fried pierogies, kielbasa, American cheese, grilled onion, and horsey sauce.  YUM YUM YUM!Note that the sandwich also came with fried chips, which were okay but you'll have to have a pretty big appetite to still eat them after that Headwich! lolPS: We also ordered their signature wheat draft and that was very good as well. This place is a must try when visiting Pitt and we hope to be back again in the future!
3	This is a great place for a beer and awesome sandwiches. It's in the heart of the bar scene in Pitt which reminds me of Hoboken NJ.I got the famous pirogi and kilbas sandwich. It was just ok to me. Eastern Euro food is not really my go to cuisine. I was also sick that weekend. So, everything didn't have any taste to me.Thank God there isn't a fat heads in NJ. It would be having the heart attack grill in your backyard. But, I'd die a jolly man.
4	Fiance worked from home today and wanted a burger for lunch. Well he didn't get the burger, but he was happy anyways. What we ordered: 10 Grilled Honey Chipotle Wings (a must order)3 Little Pigs (Great to try a little bit of everything) South Side Slopes Sandwich (monstrous, but delicious) Side of french fries (unnecessary, but nonetheless delicious) I was very happy with this restaurant.  Service was prompt, and the waiters were helpful when we became overwhelmed by the huge menu and the various offerings.  Waters stayed full the whole time and soda refills were just as generous and often. Overall we ordered way to much food, but I would go back just for the grilled wings.  Reminded me of my mothers grilled chicken from summer barbecues (yum!).  The south side slopes is enormous and even bested my fiance, but now we both have lunch leftovers for tomorrow.
4	awesome burger and beer selection. so many options and different flavors that have me wanting to go again. only problem was the service. because there was a ton of people looking to eat, it took a bit to get everything.
4	Definitely going back to this place, if only just to try some of their beers. I made a promise to myself to try an Iron City beer while I was in Pittsburgh, so that's what I had here. I regretted it afterwards reading about their microbrews. Oh well, gives me an excuse to go back.I also had a Southside Slopes sandwich. Really really good. Who'd of thunk it? Pierogies on a sandwich. Mmmmm. So good.I'm glad I made time to check this place out after reading the reviews on here. Great sandwiches. I'll report back on the beers next time I'm in Pittsburgh.
4	Make sure you're ready to eat if you come here. The proportions are ginormous and will definitely leave you with a food coma. The fries that come with the sandwiches are also great.
5	Fat Heads got a new menu a few months ago.  Just as good as ever, and some of the Headwiches are new...they were due for a refresh. Lots of goat cheese on the new menu...doesn't seem to match the overall feel of the place, but hey, I like goat cheese, so it works out.  I still haven't had anything bad here.  They're doing a great job on their in-house brew(by in-house, I mean Cleveland.)  They're apparently going to start bottling as well; looking forward to that day when I can get a 6er of FatHeads brews.  I hope this restaurant continues to thrive, and if they ever decide to franchise...I'll open one in a second.
5	Absolutely our FAVORITE place to get a sandwich and a beer in Pittsburgh.  Once we discovered Fathead's, a lot of other places in Southside never saw our faces again.  They easily have the best beer selection in Southside, and the signature sandwiches are otherworldly.  My new favorite is called "The Angry Cheese Steak."  My son is a big fan of the outrageous "Fuddwich."  It's always a dilemma deciding what to order, and we frequently get on the trolley to Southside just so we can enjoy a couple more of the beers served from their 42 taps without having to worry about driving home.  Service is EXCELLENT, and there is outdoor seating for those who enjoy watching the freak show walking down Carson Street!
5	I've come here several times for a beer from their great selection of drafts, but I've never eaten here, well until Friday. We showed up around 6:30 and there was a pretty good wait, they took down my number and we went to the bar to grab a drink. About one beer later we were seated. There are so many burgers and sandwiches, and they all sound great, it really is a chore deciding. I had the Bay of Pigs sandwich. Its their take on the cuban sandwich, roast pork, ham, pickles, honey mustard, and caribean hot sauce. This sandwich was awesome. The sauce is pretty spicey but it made the sandwich. My friend got a bacon, bbq, swiss burger which he devoured like his life depended on it. Overall it was a great meal, fun atmosphere, and more than reasonable prices. This is a great place to bring friends and out of towners.
2	So forgettable.Been here twice, can't rememberA thing about it.(b)
4	Fat Head's is a great local establishment and I'll forgive them that they opened a store in Cleveland instead of a second Pittsburgh location.  They have an excellent beer selection and of course, delicious and unique burgers.  However, I still can't believe they DON'T HAVE A VEGGIE BURGER! That's the reason for only 4 stars instead of 5.
3	We went to the Cleveland location first, then we went here.  This one is nicer and you can tell it's the flagship location.  The menu and portions are absolutely ridiculous.  You really don't need to get any appetizers here unless you want to take food home.BUT, if you do get an appetizer, the shrooms are probably the way to go.  Never impressed by a fried mushroom before, I was impressed with these.  Big mushrooms with a really great horseradish sauce alongside them.  My girlfriend was a big fan of the Angry Cheesesteak as well.  And my buffalo chicken salad was huge and satisfying.  Great service and a great beer list, too.  Headhunter IPA!
2	Alright although they had a fabulous selection of beer, the food was not to my liking....I was very intimidated by the portions which are comparable to the size of a human head, so I decided to play it safe with a salad...BIG mistake. The salad was served in the exact same bowl my family and I use to serve salad at Thanksgiving dinner NO JOKE! It was filled to the brim with salad covered in tons of cheese, too much dressing, and less than extraordinary chicken. So basically I had 3-5 bites and was done just because I was so grossed out. I wish the server would have mentioned the salad was big enough to feed the whole table and the one next to us. But he just completely ignored the fact I didn't eat any of it. But everyone else at my table seemed to enjoy their gargantuan meals. I will not be going back to eat there.
4	Fat Heads and Fat Waists and Fat Everything. Lucky it's good.Stopped by here because I had a vague memory of coming here when I was in college. These are facts that are only relevant to me. Anyway, we got here at about 4:00 on a Wednesday and it was no problem getting a seat. I hear it does get very busy though.They have a huge selection of beers, including some from my home state Michigan (Bell's). Cool. They also have Miller Lite if you feel like getting verbally insulted. The food is definitely huge. I got a sandwich with an egg on it, and my accompanyment got a burger with a perogie on top. Perogies, of course, being the official topping of Pittsburgh. Both sandwiches had the right amount of moisture, but it was too much for one sitting. They also come with sides of either fresh potato chips, or fresh french fries. Good stuff.Overall, this is a good place to stop by if you're very hungry or want a decent beer. Or a heart attack.
4	Why is Primanti's considered the shining example of Pittsburgh food when Fat Heads exists? I'm usually pretty unimpressed by places whose primary claim to fame is gigantic portions of greasy food, but Fat Heads does it right. Wings are super spicy and some of the best in Pittsburgh. The Arrogant Onion Rings are somehow even spicier than the wings with some seriously fluffy batter (made with, what else, Arrogant Bastard Ale). And the Kelsey Burger has a pierogie on it...enough said. It is a gamble whether your burger will be overcooked or not...and if it is overcooked, you'll probably end up finishing it before your server comes back around because they aren't exactly the most attentive. Even so, I come back here at least once a month. And somehow, I have yet to try one of their headwiches...next on my to-do list!And oh, the beer! I love the way their beer list is set up. It's pretty extensive, but not overwhelming. I like trying new beers, but I can be indecisive, so I'm glad Fat Heads makes my decision easier with their OCD list of drafts. It's organized by type, has an informative description of each beer, and tells you the ABV so you can plan your selections based on just how drunk you want to get (well, I do anyway).The only downside is that it gets super crowded on the weekends or during sporting events. But they do take your phone number to call when your table is ready and hey, it's the Southside...go have drinks at any of the ten million other bars on Carson Street while you wait!
4	One of the best beer selections, and one of the best burgers I've had. Go with the Renee burger. Tons of mushrooms and cheez whiz!
5	I have been to Fathead's more times than I've been to bed probably. I have offered to do bodily harm to people if they take my spinach and artichoke dip; which is literally the world's best. It comes with amazing fried pitas that are seasoned in Goldilocks fashion (juuuuust right). Every sandwich or burger I've tried here was also really good, and I haven't even scratched the surface of options. The menu is ginormous. The salads are pretty much like mini-barrels of lettuce and veggies with french fries on top in true yinzer fashion.  Try the wings. Try the many varieties of beer (if you're into that sort of thing, which I am not). Try the dessert if you have room (I never have). Don't come for the pouty hipster service, but don't let it throw you off. Fathead's always gives you a good meal n'at with some excellent leftovers for your next one. Oh and be ready to wait in line for a table.
4	Wait wait wait...before you go to this place based on the 4 star rating, make sure you know what you're getting yourself into.Mother Flipping Sandwiches the size of your head, that's what. These things WILL clog your arteries so make sure you have a strong constitution.The sandwiches are served with homemade chips (delicious) and a normal sized beer look puny in comparison. I'll be honest though, if you can get around the fact that this stuff is really REALLY bad for you. It's delicious.They come filled with sausages, fries, perogies, cheese galore and lots of meat.My tip to you: Skip the bread, get your knife and fork and eat the middle of these things. You still won't make it anywhere near through all the filling but at least you're using the room in your stomach up on the good stuff.
5	When you arrive at Fatheads, do not be dissuaded by the long lines. Around happy hour and dinner time, the wait can be up to 45 minutes. You are not allowed to call ahead of time and then show up, you must actually put your name in at the door. Certainly, the wait sucks, but South Side is a very neat place to stroll through and the food makes up for the line.Every time I go here I eat almost to the point of discomfort. The food is too delicious to leave unfinished on your plate. I am fairly certain that I've never ordered the same sandwich twice and they have all been very good. Personally, I would recommend anything on the menu.The appetizers are also very tasty. I like the beer mussels, which are mussels cooked in beer and topped with salsa.When I come out of this place, I feel like I am 8 months pregnant with food twins. Thank goodness for the nearby bus stop, where I can just sit down and wait to be taken back to Oakland. The only bad part is that after eating it is a race between the bus and nature's call.
4	If you're thinking about eating healthy do NOT go to Fatheads.  Healthy and Fatheads are polar opposites of each other, but if you're in the mood for some awesome bar food then head on over!  Our group ordered the nachos to share - wow it was a huge portion.  Word of warning to tortilla fans - they do not use tortilla chips in their nachos, but potato chips.  I was pleasantly surprised by the use of chips and they had so many toppings on the nachos, my taste buds were dancing around like little fairies.  Happy fairies for sure.  They nachos had beef, an overabundance of jalapenos (yay), lettuce, black olives, of course cheese, and a whopping dollop of sour cream on top (I'm not a huge sour cream fan, but you can avoid it if you wanted to).  For my meal, I had the Hoff-wich (it's a wrap).  Do not confuse this with David Hasslehoff in any way - apparently it's named after one of the employees at Fatheads.  We mistakenly made a comment on the name of the wrap and The Hoff (David that is) and was quickly put in our place by the employee who the sandwich was named after (ouch!).  Let's be clear, there's no shame in naming a sandwich after the original Hoff.  The wrap was very tasty.  It had enough spiciness to keep me salivating but was toned down by the chipotle mayo.  Also just a note about the mayo, it's more like a cream cheese consistency not really like mayo.  Again, not a huge fan of creamy stuff like cream cheese (and as mentioned above sour cream) but it worked for this wrap.  So it was grilled chicken, Fathead's original sauce, lettuce, black olives, bacon, and chipotle mayo.  *slurp - sorry I had to wipe my face from drooling.  For a beer, I had the Anderson Valley Winter Solstice - talk about a taste of the season.  Highly recommend as it's a great winter beer.  Fathead's lets be unhealthy together forever!
4	Pittsburgh isn't exactly a great food city, but the places that are good are really good. Fat Head's is definitely one of the best in Pittsburgh.The plates here are enormous, the beers are ice cold. What more can you ask for?I ordered the Bacon Burger with fries. The burger was good, however it was a just a frozen patty. I believe it was a half pounder topped with cheddar cheese and bacon. The bun was definitely a highlight, lightly toasted but perfectly soft on the inside. The beer selection is extensive. They have a great draft selection of their own microbrews as well as domestic and imports. Overall, the service was very personable, the food was good, the beer was good and the price was right. Definitely worth it if you're in Pittsburgh.
4	Returned to Fatheads after a Steelers game for some grub.  My last experience wasn't so great (based on what I ordered).  I really do love the extensive beer selection, and I chose my food wisely this time.  Chargrilled wings--YES!  Very good, and I opted for the killer hot sauce which didn't disappoint.  And I ordered a "side" salad which was every bit the size of an entree salad.  The portions here are MASSIVE so either plan to split your food or take it home.
5	Great bar -- crowded but a really nice crowd.  Great beer selection.  Huge sandwiches and fantastic grilled wings.  Try the Killer sauce.  Every city needs a Fatheads.  Love this place
4	Good service, good beer, food is LARGE! A pleasant Sunday afternoon.
5	Great unique menu! Best restaurant in Pittsburgh for micro brews!!!
5	Took my parents here based entirely on the reviews on Yelp and I have to say, it was awesome. They have an incredible selection of beers to choose from that make the wait go by quickly and then once you're seated the real fun begins.We got three appetizers which were good, and then all 4 got Headwhiches. Holy sandwhich. If you're on a diet, this isn't the place for you. I had the steak headwhich with their spicy ranch and it was awesome. Their service was great and the menu has something for everyone. It is a bit loud but that's not something I mind. Others might though. We were told a wait of 1 hour at least but were seated in 30 minutes. All in all, great place.
2	I heard a lot about this place from coworkers while I was in Pittsburgh and I had high expectations, unfortunately I left unimpressed. To me it felt like the restaurant used the gimmick of "giant" sandwiches to lure people in. It does not matter how big the sandwich is if the taste is below average. The service was much better than the food.For starters my party had the fried mushrooms and parm wings. The wings were excellent which is what saved this restaurant from a 1 star review. The fried mushrooms were huge but lacked flavor. The breading had no taste what so ever. For the meal I had their version of a Cuban. The sandwich was served on a giant hamburger bun and had ham, cheese, pickles, pulled pork, and a spicy sauce. First of all a cuban cannot be served on a hamburger bun, just something wrong with that. Much of the flavor of a cuban comes from using the right bread. Secondly, the pulled pork was awful. Extremely dry and tasteless. I ended up pulling most of it off. It was served with fries which were unsalted, and you guessed it, completely flavorless. This was by far the worst "cuban" I have ever had. I ate half and threw the rest away. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. You can get much better sandwiches at other places in Pittsburgh.
5	Why 5 stars?  Because I have Pierogi fever!   ---   ---   ---It's such a bad idea to review this while hungry.  I was in Pittsburgh visiting friends for about a day and a half and asked them to take me to their favorite "Pittsburghy" place.  After eating the Southside Slopes sandwich from Fat Heads, I kind of feel like Pittsburgh might not be such a bad place to live.  And this is coming from a Browns fan.My Cleveland area family were always talking about Pierogi's when I was younger, but it just seemed like a food with a funny name to me.  As I grew older, I always wanted to try them, but they aren't exactly a popular item down here in Florida.I cannot think of a better first-time Pierogi experience than this sandwich.  I don't think I have had a better sandwich in my life.  Every bite of it was more heavenly than the last.  And eventually...it was gone.  That was the only part that sucked - it ended.My stomach was pleased on that brisk, January afternoon.
4	This is one of my favorite establishments to visit when in Pittsburgh. It is a perfect venue for people that want to sample micro brewed beers from around the country.The tap beer selection is extensive. However, if you don't appreciate beers and trying new ones, this is not the place for you.Fat Heads also has the offers a club for those who try their beers, an incentive to get out of your comfort zone and try some new brews.
4	Great Beers, Great Food...I think every sandwich should have pierogies on them.    I have heard about this place since I arrived in Pittsburgh.   We gave the hostess our number and proceeded to the bar.They have a great beer selection.    We had a couple of beers and then were alerted our table was ready.    They have a large menu with burgers, sandwiches, etc...    Many items needed to be tried by me and now I have another reason to come back.I orderd the Southside ... Sandwich - It was yummy.    This is a layered sandwich with sausage, pierogies and onions.     Very good flavor.     It was served witht heir housemade chips.Service - Very Good - our waitress knew her beers and provided good recommendations.Food - Fantastic - the sandwich was really good.   The sandwiches run $10 - 15  per... It is worth it.Atmosphere - this place is crowded and has a great vibe.    Please note their side room gets very warm in my opinion.    (I believe this serves as their outdoor section in the summer)I will be back.
4	Amazing beer selection. If you have the opportunity, sit at the bar while it's slow and let the bartender walk you through some different samples. The bartenders are fabulous and really seem to have a grasp on the styles. Definitely one of the best bars for craft beer drinkers in the city. The sandwiches and french onion soup are  fantastic. If you're going to go for a Headwich, I'd definitely get the Southside Slopes.
4	This place is EXTREME!  They have a HUGE variety of sandwiches, and they all looked mega delcious.  I kinda wish that I could come back here enough times to try all of them, but I'm concerned that I would suffer heart failure before I could finish.  For example, my sandwich was a kielbasa sausage, topped with fried pierogies, along with cheese, horseradish sauce, among other toppings.  Delicoius? Absolutely.  Healthy?  Far from it!  I will say that I was a bit disappointed in the fries, and I was also a bit disappointed that they were sold out of their house-brewed beer.  If you are in Pittsburgh for a few days, I feel like you are obligated to give Fat Heads a try--although I'd recommend going for dinner (or a liquid lunch) so you can try their award winning beer!
4	Sandwiches as big as your head!!!  Anyways, there are a ton of beers on tap and its always changing.  They try and bring very unique and little known microbrews to tap.  Fat Heads was always busy whenever I try to go (had to settle for other places sometimes...wait was too long).For the food I would try some wings as an appetizer and then grab one of there countless huge sandwiches!My only peeve is the chips...I have never been a fan of potato chips with sandwiches.  I would much rather have a side of sweet potato fries, mais c'est la vie!
4	First, Fat Head's is a GREAT place to find an excellent variety of draft beer. I think there are something like 60 beers rotating on tap at any given time, and the variety is wonderful! If you're the type who likes to explore the current landscape of delicious beers being brewed these days in draft form, Fat Head's is definitely one of the best options in town. The variety (on draft) is just tough to beat. If you plan on being a regular, you can also join their beer club, which eventually lands you your name on the wall and some free Fat Head's swag. Not a bad deal if you're going to be drinking there regularly anyway!The second in-your-face aspect of Fat Head's is the food. There's really no way to avoid looking like a gluttonous human when you receive your order, regardless of what you choose. If you want a salad, it's size of your head. If you order a burger, it's larger than you expected, and served with a heaping side of fresh chips. If you order a headwich, you'll look like you're in training for a food eating competition. In general, I think the spectacle is more appealing than the actual food itself, but that's not to say that the sandwiches aren't good. They're not the best burgers or sandwiches you'll ever have, but they're definitely good. My only real food-based complaint - and it's totally a personal preference - is their "potato policy." I'm not a big fan of chips, and their fries are really good. Unfortunately, only certain sandwiches come with fries, and you're not allowed to substitute, so I typically leave a plate of wasted chips if I get a burger.Another thing that some might find hard to digest is the extensive menu. It borders on the ridiculous. While the descriptions are enjoyable to read, skimming through the various combinations of meat, encased meats, ground meats and the endless toppings can seem a bit daunting upon your first visit, so you might want to take a look before arriving, or check out the menu while you wait.As far as service is concerned, I've never had bad service at Fat Head's. The food comes out quickly, and the wait staff are generally really nice. Plus, the outdoor seating area is great in the warmer months. The only true drawback of the entire Fat Head's experience is the wait. As a resident of Southside, I can stroll there whenever it's dead, but for most people who plan their visits around lunch or dinner, be prepared to wait quite a while. The list grows quickly, and in no time you're giving them your name and number so the host/hostess can call you when your table is ready. Either that, or you'll be standing in the bar area wasting time perusing the beer list on the wall. The latter isn't a bad option, but sometimes there are just too many people doing that to make it a truly enjoyable experience...especially if you have a group of, say, 4 or more and you want some room to hangout and enjoy a drink together.Between the wait and the epic portions of heavy, albeit delicious food, I don't frequent Fat Head's that much. The few times I do crave it, it's just not worth the wait. It's probably worth the wait once, but after you experience it, you'll find the appeal drops off a bit. Especially when I can get quality sandwiches that won't leave me feeling like a bloated whale, as well as an excellent pint from a great, albeit smaller, beer menu close by (Piper's Pub is a quick walk across the street).So in the end, check it out, bring your appetite, and plan to wait if you're stopping in during peak times. You'll be glad you did...at least once.
3	Great beer selection with OK food.  This is one of the premier beer establishments in Pittsburgh.  It is usually extremely crowded on the weekends though.  It's pretty famous for the headwiches and burgers that are as big as your head, which are A-OK in my book.  They also have a lot of the traditional pub fare, which can be hit or miss.  Also, it's non-smoking!  Yay!  Definitely, will keep coming back here.
5	Huge menu and great service.  After the initial wait for a table everything was great.  They also have a huge beer selection.  No complaints from me.
5	Delicious burgers and fries.Visited here back in August 2009 and October 2010 which feels like forever ago but I remember this as one of the best burgers I've literally ever had in my life. The service as I remember was fantastic, they were 100% on top of serving us, refilling our drinks, making sure that anything we needed was fulfilled. We went at lunch time on a Friday afternoon so we had a bit of a wait, plus we were a party of 10 but they sat as us soon as they could. I'd recommend anyone to try Fatheads out if you're in Pittsburgh! So yummy! Just wish I lived closer.
4	Great food, humongous portions.  I had a burger that was almost the size of my head.  Beer list is extensive so drink up!
4	I used to live across the street from fat heads when it opened years ago. Great place, and quality food.
4	Some of the best sandwiches EVER! They are huge, and loaded with flavor! Loads of delicious beer selections to top it off! Yum!
4	And back again to Pittsburgh for another business meeting....... and the opportunity to partake of another "fine establishment" in "The Burgh."Beautiful huge buns! If you're with a bunch of excessive drinkers and eaters, that could be one of them proclaiming their admiration for one of the waitresses. But usually, and with equal great appreciation and respect, it's for the bread halves on either side of those incredibly huge sandwiches they serve.I watched in awe as six of my fellow corporate comrades endulged in some tasty looking sandwiches. I, with many pounds to loose, partook in the Fat Head BBQ Chicken Salad. And it was good... sans the bread product. I did flirt with my old nemesis... "over-eating frenzy" .... and that was with the various Chicken Wings that started our group on our pub-dinner journey. Those wings are a featured item, and yes; delicious!If I were a drinker, I'm sure I'd have been all over the beer menu. As it was, and being a "tea-totler" and "booze lightweight", I did the rasberry tea... heavy on the ice! But know that my lips have tasted some great beers in my day... just not all that much at one sitting. But I know a great draft when it's ice cold, and I'm dry and thirsty. They serve those beers at Fat Heads.Pittsburgh has something the West Coast doesn't. It's a certain Earthy great version of the Amercian Pub experience. It has to be the Three Rivers, the architecture of the town, and most certainly the down-to-earth citizens. I always enjoy the riverside neighborhood charm of downtown, and the restaurants. Maybe later this year, when I've lost another 20 pounds, I'll be able to "carefully" get back to eating using my old utensils........ "Eyes that are bigger than my stomach!" And it should start at Fat Heads!
3	During our latest adventures in Pittsburgh, we decided to check out the South Side neighborhood. We made a stop at Fatheads after walking up and down Carson St. The place was packed! It was Saturday night and we waiting about 45 minutes for a table. While waiting we enjoyed a couple pints (I had the smoked bock and it was AMAZING) and did some people watching.When we ordered dinner we both went for the burgers. They were pretty good (HUGE) and I don't think either one of us was able to polish it off.If you're looking for a decent beer (they have about 40 on tap) and a good bite, check out Fatheads.
3	They have some crazy sandwiches but they seemed a little bland to me.  The concepts were good but the execution was not.  The craft beer selection is pretty good and they have some ciders from Arsenal.  I would stop in for sure but there are other places in the city I would eat first.
5	Took my wife here for the lunch on Saturday. At 2 p.m. the place was packed as they were kicking off local Micro Brew week. This place is outstanding and a must go to for the beer geek. The selection is outstanding, including their own. If you like an IPA, and they have their Head Hunter IPA, gotta try it. One of the best in the country.The food does not disappoint either. Great food. I highly recommend.
5	Awesome food.
2	I was always told how great Fat Head's was. Unfortunately I was more underwhelmed than amazed by the famous Carson Street eatery. It is basically a greasy spoon with a lot of beer.All everyone talks about at Fat Head's is the beer. Don't get me wrong, as a hop headed beer snob the beer is the only reason the place got a 2 star in my book. They have about 50 selections on tap with at least 3 of their own from their brewery in*cough*Cleveland*cough*. Avoid the FH beers. They fall into the classic trap of thinking more hops = better beer. This equation makes for same tasting beers with not charachter or personality of their own. All in all a good place for a brew.The food however leaves something to be desired. The food is greasy and disgusting. It's all overpriced and overspiced. I get the spiciness; blow out our taste buds so we buy more beer. This is all well and good if you are just looking for a booze sponge, but for those of us who aren't six feet deep in our cups, the food is lackluster on a good day. Aside form the sandwiches being bland, overspiced and dripping grease, the sides (hand cut chips and fries) are pretty bad too. I have mentioned in another review that a fry should be seasoned and crispy, even more so if it is a fresh chip. No dice at Fat Head's. Chips and fries come out cold, rubbery and seasonless. It makes me think they just run their fryers constantly and just have a huge batch of chips and fries at all times, which makes the policy of not being able to substitute them even more infuriating (I am forking over a sizeable chunk of my hard eaned money, now give me what I want!).  For those of you that want a grease mop to soak up the alcohol you could do worse. For those of us that are still aware of the taste buds in our mouths, we can do much, much better.The atmosphere is Fat Head's is kind of spotty as well. On the rare occasions when they aren't packed to the rafters, I really dig it. The staff is usually friendly (I think I had one iriitable and incompetent server a few months ago, but I haven't seen him since) and I am a sucker for exposed brick. However, more often than not the place is swarmed and packed so tight with, to be honest, every kind of asshole imaginable, that I can't even enjoy myself when I am there.To sum up, come for the beer after you already have a full belly.
5	Best bar in the South Side.  The beer selection is amazingly good for a bar in Pittsburgh.  Prices for beers are higher than the typical $1.50 Iron City's around the city, but you're getting craft beer. I would recommend giving the Fat Heads Brewery beers a shot.  The IPA is particularly good.  The service is good, the food is great, the beers are awesome.  Winner!
5	Emily is Exceptional! We enjoyed spectacular service and fabulous food. The garlic fries were fresh-cut, delicious yummies. Enormous portions were highlighted by a grand selection of beers and hard ciders. Wished I had tried the pierogies for my first-time visit.
3	If you've ever wanted to die by food-induced coronary, I've found you Fat Heads.  Over the course of our al fresco evening here, ten of us sampled the following fat-saturated delights:~ Cornmeal crusted, deep fried Buffalo-Style Shrimp.~ Deep-fried cheese 'n' potato Pierogies with a side of sour cream.~ A giant plate of Garlic Fries dusted with Parmesan and parsley.~ The Artery Clogger Headwich: two fried eggs, bacon, ham, American cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion and mayo between one big-ass bun.~ Two of "Maxim" magazine's #5 sandwich in all the land, The Southside Slopes Headwich.  This bad boy has a split kielbasa, fried pierogies, American cheese, grilled onions and horseradish sauce on one of those head-sized buns.~ A Tuna Steak Sandwich with char-grilled yellowfin, lettuce, tomato, onion and garlic-Parm mayo.~ The Best BLT served on rye and topped with -- what else? -- American cheese and mayo.~ Cajun Tuna Taco Press, Cajun-spiced yellowfin, black olives, cilantro tomatoes, cucumber, lettuce, red onion and taco sour cream sauce panini-pressed in a flour tortilla.All burgers, the Fried Fish Sammie, and the Tuna Steak Sammie come with hand-cut fries; everything else comes with hand-cut homemade potato chips.  The menu literally dictates absolutely no substitutions since it's a "complete hassle" for the kitchen to switch.  Really?  It's all deep-fried potato.So how were the heart-attacks on a plate?  Stick with what Fat Head's known for, those Headwiches and burgers, because they were the runaway stand-outs (and you could literally feel your arteries hardening with each sloppy, greasy bite), enjoyed tremendously by those what ordered them.  Everything else was just OK; my Cajun Tuna Taco Press, and FIL's Tuna Steak Sandwich -- both requested rare -- came out regrettably cooked within an inch of their beautiful lives.For me, the greater pleasure here were the beers.  Fat Head's menu of standard draughts is rather uninspired and unadventurous -- Yuengling, Bell's Oberon, Guinness, Sierra Nevada, Newcastle, Smithwick's -- but their own creations are where it's at.  We sampled their Alpenglow Weizenbock, a banana-y, bubble-gum-y dark unfiltered wheat brew with toasted malt overtones.  I loved their Mexicali Smoke, too, a chipotle-spiced rauchbier.  Husband was exceptionally disappointed that they'd run out of their award-winning Head Hunter IPA, however, since he's in love with that bitter style.Carson Street reminded me of Adams-Morgan-meets-Georgetown in the worst possible way on our post-eleven-pm-Saturday-night visit with gaggles of bachelorette parties shrieking at the tops of their lungs and hosts of popped-collar fratties clogging the streets.  Fat Heads, too, was wall-to-wall with drunken, raucous and phenomenally loud groups of young'uns.  I'm too old for all those shenanigans anymore; if I return to Fat Heads, it'll be for the Portly Fellow Headwich I *should* have ordered, and it'll be at the early-bird hour.
4	Fatheads is hands down one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh. Amazing draft selection. A beer lover's kind of place for sure. The menu is basically atypical bar food... I say atypical because it is bar food (sandwiches, burgers, wings, etc..) with a twist. I'v never ordered anything here that I didn't love.One major downfall is there is often a wait for a table... no matter what time of the day you go.
5	Great food, but in many ways it ain't what it used to be w/r/t the size and quality of the food. I lived in Pittsburgh and ate here at least once a week. Still great, but you can't go home again. Usually a wait, and you can't reserve a table, so either put your name in and go next door to Casey's (if you love second-hand smoke), or call in a takeout order. This is the real deal in PGH, not Primanit's.
2	I visited this establishment to have lunch out with the girls. We parked right across the street and noticed Fat Heads for our return for lunch spot. We walked a few blocks checked out the stores and even got a piercing. When it came time to enjoy lunch it was a sad state of affairs! The bathroom was bad real bad smelled and only one toilet could flush. The bathroom was gross. The bathroom is located right next to the kitchen. I should have known better. We sat to order. My chair was sticky and wet. I ordered the Turkey cheese melt. The bread slices were very large but not toasted enough making the sandwich soggy inside. The chips were good served on the other side of the platter. Everything was big but not executed as planned. I was not willing to finish my sandwich because of the poor quality but my friends enjoyed their sandwiches. I guess the bathroom is a big thing if you can not clean it what about the kitchen? I am getting to the point why eat out anymore. Just eat things like wings and fries. If you want a good well executed meal do it yourself. Things have changed nobody cares anymore about service and customer comfort. That is what makes you come back again. The waitress was nice and suggested salad and i should of listened to her. Probably won't go back anymore. My husband use to take me to all these places and back then it was good.
4	A big menu selection with even bigger size portions (so big I took half of my sandwich home). I thought my meal was delicious and was impressed with the amount of sandwich/burger options on the menu that I was torn between.Definitely a place to check out in Southside.
5	I've loved Fat Heads for a long time. So long in fact that my name is forever engraved on one of the signs in the bar (a dual effort with the BF in drinking far too many delicious brews). This is finally the declaration of my affection. When people ask me where they 'must go' in Pittsburgh, Fat Heads is always in my top 2. It is hands down the definition of Pittsburgh food, next to the other in my top 2, oh-glorious-one Primanti's. Portions are HUGE, and I've never had anything I did not like. Go with a Headwich, wings, or a salad. And start with a soft pretzel. The house-made honey mustard that comes for dipping is what dreams are made of. They also brew their own beer, and have been doing quite successfully at national competitions. The HeadHunter IPA has won a ton of awards. They're super cool about giving you a couple samples to see what you like - so don't be intimidated and do something stupid like order a Miller Light, or I am totally going to shoot you the stinky eye from down the bar. They also carry Arsenal Ciders now, and more than 40 other great craft draft selections on a rotating basis. I can honestly say when I left Pittsburgh for a couple years (sinner, I know), the first place I hit when I came back was always Fat Heads. And it always will be.
3	I have been to Pittsburgh and both times I have had drinks at this bar. The food is excellent, as well as the beer selection. Lots of IPAs on tap. Also, the surrounding area has lots of bars and restaurants. If visiting Pittsburgh, you have to go to the South Side.
5	One of my favorite places in Pittsburgh!   You cannot go wrong here.  Very extensive beer menu, great sandwiches, and wings.  Could be my favorite wings of all time with a great variety if flavors.   Sandwiches are fantastic as well.  Many many beers to choose from.  What more could you want?
5	I didn't imagine my first full evening in Da Burgh starting out at such a great place. But, thanks to numerous positive Yelp reviews, I directed the cab driver to Fat Heads. I (luckily) grabbed an unoccupied stool at the bar, not knowing the entire place would be completely packed later in the evening. I'm glad I arrived before 7 pm and never moved.Beer: over 40 great draft selections, all listed above the bar with corresponding ABV. There were four original Fat Heads brews and I decided to try the Goggle Fogger, a refreshing Hefe-Weizen. It was so good, I felt obligated to have a second 20 oz sampling during dinner.Food: Unbeknownst to me, Monday night is Wing Night starting at 7 pm. Sounded good, especially at 40 cents apiece and unlimited mix-and-match choices. I ordered three triplets of: Cajun Ranch (dry), Spicy Parmesan and Jalapeno Cheddar. All three were good, crispy and flavorful, but I favored SP the best.After enjoying the food, drink and the beginning of the MLB Home Run Derby, I decided to head out. Apparently my intent did not go unnoticed as a guy sidled up to me when I was paying my bill, eyeing up my barstool with great interest. No wonder...this place is awesome!
4	One of my favorite places to go out when i visit Pittsburgh. I haven't had the food yet, but the beer selection is excellent. One really annoying this about this place is that I've stopped by a few times when they are closing or are closed before their posted closing time. It seems that they don't stick to the posted hours and instead close when it gets slow. But, I guess the reason I am most annoyed by that is, because I like the place so much.
3	Fat HeadsThey've been around for a while but in my honest opinion I can take it our leave it.It's bar food is not the best the South Side has to offer. Have a couple of drinks and then everything will taste great here.
5	More draft beers than you can imagine! Great burgers and BBQ Brisket. Excellent home made chips and expect to bring home a doggie bag!
5	Fat Heads is my favorite casual bar/restaurant in Pittsburgh.  They have an enormous selection of 40+ tasty beers on tap as well as several award winning microbrews made in house.  They are all listed with their alcohol percentage and are well described and organized by category on the menu, so whether you like porters or pilsener (Or even if you don't know what that means yet), they'll help you find a new beer you'll love.  They also have a 6 pack shop where you can take your favorite beers home with you!The service is always fast and friendly, the ambience is fun and including outdoor seating in the summer and most importantly the food is AMAZING!  Fat Heads are wizards with the noble potato.  My personal favorite is Pedro's nachos, fresh cut potato chip piled high with ground beef, sour cream, cheese and everything else delicious.  They have similar plates with potato skins and fries as well.    All their portions are deadly serious, I usually split one appetizer or entree between 3 people and still can barely finish it!Their menu is lengthy, offering every kind of bar food you can imagine: Wings, Subs, Burgers, Salads, Headwiches (Sandwiches the size of your head), etc.  Every single dish I've had there has been the platonic ideal of bar food.  Always full flavored, generously portioned, hot and freshly prepared and home made.  If you're getting fueled up for a wild night in the south side or a game downtown, look no further then the Fat Heads Saloon!
5	Absolutely loved it! When a friend came to town that used to live in the area, they insisted we go to Fat Heads. I couldnt believe how great it was even with people packed in everywhere! With an allergy to beer, I thought I would have a hard time liking the place given the place is known for their microbrews and huge selection of beers from everywhere. I was pleasantly surprised with a selection of draft cider that was amazing! We hung out at the bar having drinks until the table was ready and the bartender kept us entertained leaving us feeling like it was the shortest hour wait ever.The food was fantastic! Enough for a couple meals and cheap! It was a delicious combo and everyone around us seemed to be enjoying their food as much as we enjoyed ours. I can't wait to go back and have decided to make sure to take any other friends that visit to Fat Heads!
5	Was in pitt this weekend, and this honestly was one of the only good things about pitt.  Great beer, great food, great service, great time... if you go to pitt and like to eat and drink without a care in the world about your waist.  Go here.
4	For the little time we spent at fat heads I got an awesome vibe, the crowd was friendly and the beer list was amazing of course, I had the blueberry beer and it smelled like pancakes, I would love to go back and try something off the extensive menu next time I'm in town.
4	Loved, loved, loved this place. A no-nonsense, let your hair down, rock the jeans and a tee, drink a beer and listen to fun music kinda place. The place was packed. It had some sort of stuffed soft pretzel thing there that was amazing and a beer list that was like an entire wall long. Did I say it was packed? Getting a drink is not the easiest thing to do, but it's worth the wait. Please bring Fat Heads down to DC. thank you.
4	I'd give it 5 stars, but our waitress wasn't the friendliest person we've ever met. The food and atmosphere were fantastic, and they gave us a discount for dining when we went to the gift shop. We got there right in time to avoid a long wait, and we weren't able to finish our meals because they were HUGE. The prices were comparable to those in the area, and they had a great beer selection.
5	I f***in loved Fat Heads.Fat Heads Saloon needs to be in major cities all across the U.S. of A. The place itself is located on the busy street of Carson and looks like nothing more than a nice sports bar. There's more to it than that. The menu is huge and I love all the different creative items that this place offers up. I ordered up the Southside Slopes...the #5 sandwich in America (according to Maxim). I don't really care about the source, but I knew it had to be something worthwhile to try. Also ordered up some chargrilled wings because I was just feeling like a fat f***.Those chargrilled wings were incredible. Simply incredible. The wings were big and though it was a bit pricey, the taste may have made up for it. The wings were perfectly chargrilled with a slightly burnt taste that I enjoy and tossed in the buffalo medium sauce that I ordered. It wasn't overly saucy which I love. The wings were hefty and it just made me want to order up another round. But then came the sandwich...The Southside Slopes is a sandwich that was located under "Headwiches". Sandwiches as big as your head. The Southside Slopes was Grilled Polish Kielbasa topped off with buttery fried pierogies, grilled onions, cheddar cheese, and a mild horseradish sauce. The Kielbasa was incredible. It was the taste that came through the most. I thought the Pierogies were a bit hidden though you can feel the texture as you bite through the sandwich. The starchiness of the pierogies made it seem like another slice of bread in the middle. The grilled onions and cheddar cheese really complemented both really well. The horseradish sauce was almost non existent. Could barely taste it, but that did not hinder what was an incredible sandwich anyways.I enjoyed Primanti Bros but damn...Fatheads has themselves a damn good sandwich. I'm sad that I don't live near Pittsburgh to come here more.
4	Every time, I order the bacon cheddar fries, and I still can't finish them. SO worth the money---suuuuper large portion.  I wish there were more drink options than beer and wine, however :/
4	Pretty sure our experience at wasn't the average: Quiet time and dainty nibbling.We were in town on a Tuesday night at 10:30, after all, so the place had that, "We're just about to close feel." Ghost town, tumbleweeds... Beer-based review, here. We were only there for a few beers anyway, and beers they surely gots: Dozens and dozens of craft beers- good ones, a great draft beer selection, plus Fat Heads' own brews which were mighty good too. A vast array there for you. Our bartender was friendly, our order of ten of their hottest, spiciest char-grilled wings were good. Yeah, they come in 5's and 10's. Shrug, I dunno. We were not starvin, just a mite peckish, so the plate of wings hit the spot. I understand that this place is known for their headwiches, so I'll be keeping that in mind, during future Pitts times... Sandwiches as big as your head, you say? I've heard tell.
5	Sandwiches are as big as your head. Salads that can easily feed two. Make sure you are hungry when you go here. And oh the beer? Yes! They carry good micro brews and specialty beers on tap.  The place is always busy so be sure you call ahead, or be prepared to wait. The only thing I don't like so that how you can't substitute chips for fries. But the chips are nice crispy home made kettle-style chips.A Pittsburgh favorite and a must go.
5	Fatheads, I'm officially in love with you!  Having relocated from Buffalo, NY, I've been searching for good wings.  I never thought it would be such a hard task.  When I was lamenting over the lack of a good wing, my coworker recommended Fat Heads.  I may have to kiss him tomorrow.  Ok, maybe not, but they officially have the best wings I've had outside of Buffalo.  First, they actually call them wings.  Just wings!  They serve them with blue cheese, celery and carrots! And they are plump in size and cooked with a nice crisp.  Mmmmm.Their beer list is impressive as well.  I tried both the Santa's cinnamon apple cider and the Fatheads Holly Jolly Ale and loved both.The sandwiches looked incredible and came with home made chips.  I'm not sure I'll ever venture to that side of the menu because of how much I enjoy the wings, but there were plenty of unique and interesting combinations to satisfy any taste buds.I'm really looking forward to a repeat visit!
4	HOLY CRAP ARE THE WINGS SPICY! I ordered the second most spicy flavor which was the beastly bbq if I remember correctly. I was sweating and drinking my IPA as if it were milk. By the time I left this place, I was full, buzzed, and very happy. I love me some wings and these guys know how to do them right. I cant wait to return and try more of the menu.
5	* Is your doctor yelling at you because your cholesterol is to low? Come here. * Are you a beer aficionado and looking for a great selection? This is your place. * Are you a carnivoire and just need to sink your teeth into some flesh? You've found a new home. * Are you sick and tired of menus that lists the calories and crave a 4000 calorie meal? Welcome to Fat Heads Saloon! And yes the sandwiches are as big as your head. They are almost beyond belief. To make matters worse, or better, they are served with a mountain of homemade excellent potato chips. Be warned:these platters are so big that if you are by yourself, you would be out of your mind to order an appetizer. You could have a "normal" sandwich here but that would be criminal. The giant gourmet sandwiches are called "Headwiches" and they are the stars of the show. I attacked the Expert Pastrimi. It was Pastrimi grilled together with hot sausage and onions and topped with a fried egg, sharpI cheddar cheese , pickle and hot pepper mayo. Are you kidding me! This incredible creation was beyond fabulous. Wash it down with an excellent craft beer and you have one hell of a meal. By the way, these monster sandwiches go for about ten bucks and are worth every penny. Part of the fun here is watching the faces of other diners as the waitstaff brings out these bad boys! I travel a great deal and have eaten in hundreds of places. These folks are a five star gastro pub experience!
5	Vegetarians-great black bean burger, incredible service and micro-brews.  Easy atmosphere.
4	I am new to South Side living, but this will definitely be one of my go-to spots. We decided to wait for a table despite the 1.5 hour estimate, but the bar was fun to wait in, and we were seated within an hour. Next time I will know to plan for the wait. The best part was that the crowd was much older than the typical Carson crowd. I'd estimate most patrons to be in their mid-thirties, and for the first time on Carson, I felt young!Our food was great, although the service was a little disappointing. Our waitress made it clear she was in a hurry and did not have much patience.
4	Mussels and stuffed banana peppers were very good. Baked pierogi left something to be desired, a little too much dough. We got here very late, and had a fairly large party, but they still accommodated us, so kudos for that. The front/bar area was PACKED, but the back seating/eating area was spacious. Definitely going back.
5	OH MY GOD this place  is good ! What a Menu,,,,, How many way's can you want a Pittsburgh Hamburger ?What ever you are thinkin , They HAVE IT !Great Beer Selection too. Man , I could live here. Kinda loud , but Hey , Its SOUTH SIDE right ? Gotta LOVE Fat Heads . Bring your buddies and an empty stomach . but you better leave the chevy home. theres NOplace to park.
3	The fries are the only reason I go here. I always make the mistake of getting their housemade black bean burger and leaving disappointed. It's very dry and bland. Their specialty must be hamburgers, although med-well was translated into well done for friend.This place really needs to consider cleaning or remodeling their woman's bathroom. I've been to dive bars that have a better, cleaner sh*tter than Fat heads. Heck, I've used port-a-john's that are cleaner than theirs.
2	I have been to the Cleveland location over a dozen times and have always had great service and food. I came to the original location because my whole family are big fans of Fatheads and wanted to check this place out. Everything was great until the last ten minutes of our time in the restaurant. There was a mix up with the bill. Myself and the people I was with misunderstood something the waitress said and asked her about it. She started off nice, but quickly turned nasty and started raising her voice at us. We asked for the manager and he came out after a few minutes. Nice guy, didn't give us any problems and quickly took care of the situation. After our bill was adjusted, the waitress came back, slammed the receipt on the table and in the snottiest tone I have ever heard said, "I took care of your bill and just so you know, I didn't charge you for your ranch dressing, which we are supposed to do" and stormed off. Um, ok, thanks for doing us a favor?A friend and I went to the restroom before we left and when we were walking back to our table, we walked past the kitchen (which is right next to the restrooms) we could clearly hear the manager and the waitress talking about our situation - kinda unprofessional, knowing that people can see and hear everything going on in there. It is a shame because we had high expectations and left knowing we will never go back to this location again. Had the waitress right away, before the situation escalated, said "let me get my manager," our experience may have been a lot better. And knowing that we had a high bill, and being good tippers, she could have had much more than the average 15% but instead, she got a 3% tip and hopefully a lesson in how to talk to customers.
4	Fat Heads has almost become a Pittsburgh staple. Before I moved here I remember people telling me I must check it out.The place is always crowded, so make sure you are prepared to have a beer from their awesome huge selection of beers while you wait to be seated. If you don't want to wait try them out at lunch or early evening. The portions of food are huge. I normally go into this meal either really hungry or prepared to share. Service was pretty decent too.
4	If you want an interesting and huge sandwich stop at Fat Head's.  I have been here over 20 times and only gotten the same things a few times.  My husband gets the same sandwich every time we come a PCI.  They have great appetizers such as wings, nachos, bread mushrooms, and pepperoni rolls.  I have gotten several of the sandwiches and they have all been great.  Some of the sandwiches are only things you could think of in a dream of putting together.  When you see them on the menu you may actually want to do a happy dance because you have found your perfect sandwich you have been dreaming about your entire life.  They are huge and I have come to learn that I can really only eat half and should take the rest home.  It is great though the next day too for lunch.  Their salads are huge and very tasty such as the steak salad.  The only con I have had is getting some items with BBQ sauce and the sauce was too spicy for me.  Some of my friends enjoy the Sauce but I am not a fan of spicy items.
5	Our second visit to Fat Heads was after a trip to Punxsutawney for Groundhog Day. We were thirsty and exhausted, but our server knew just what we needed. She was happy to pass along drink and sandwich recommendations, and soon we had tasty brews and some of the best sandwiches any of us have ever enjoyed. We'll definitely be back.
4	My friend and I stopped here for a late lunch/early dinner this afternoon.I was a little disappointed that they would substitute onion rings for fries, but the fries turned out to be incredibly good. The burger wasn't bad, but also nothing special.The beer selection was pretty good, and the beer menu did a very good job of explaining all the various beers they had on tap.We did spend a good deal of time waiting during all stages of the meal. While they did seem busy, it was only 3:30. I'd had to see what it's like during dinner.
5	what a great spot...authentic, real comfort eats, great beers in a relaxed pub environment.   I would take a half-point for the waitress who was very friendly but a bit lacking on the knowledge of the massive beer listings...def heed the reviews here and prepare for the large portions!  We will go back and next time will split a sandwich and have more "munchies."  FYI Monday nights are 60 cent wing nights!
3	Man oh man.I spent so many hours (and $$$) here while going to Pitt. Everytime I come back to Pitt I look forward to coming back. But lately it seems that Fat Heads has gone downhill!1) The beer doesn't rotate as much as it used to.2) Fat Heads doesn't seem as busy as it used to be. This seems like a result of many bars on Carson carrying similar beer for less $. Sure, it gets crowded before games, but not much activity after 10 pm.The food is still good - love the Spicy Parm sandwich and the chips. This place just changed a bit since I was in school here.
5	If you want to go on a eating binge the. This is the best place. Try mo betta chedda.
3	The menu was great a lot of good things to choose from. If you order an appetizer make sure you have some one there that will help you with it. It is like a meal in its self. All the sandwiches are very big and It is difficult to finish your sandwich after the appetizer. They have pretty good beer selection but you prob won't want more then 1 because you'll be so full from the food. Which isn't bad considering the beer Is a little pricey. My waitress was not bad just seemed very busy.it was hard at times to get ahold of her to ask for something else. Overall this place has great sandwiches I would def eat here again
5	I absolutely love this place, and from the 45 minute wait you can tell alot of people do. I got the perogies from this place one time and they were to die for. they have huge sandwhich portions and you can order and take out. love this place! I just hate how there is sometimes a long wait!
5	Amazing! The Southside Slopes is incredible
4	Fatheads was recommended to us as a family / Penguins fan friendly place to go before the game.  We were not disappointed! The wait staff was friendly and helpful. The menu is huge! Although the menu does not provide a childrens menu, it still is family friendly.  The food was very good and flavorful. The beer was awesome! The helpings are huge.  Great place!
1	This was a horrible meal.  I went with my brother and we both were sick afterwards.  The food is quantity not quality.  I don't want to ever go back.
4	Went here as part of a friend's Batchelor Party....I don't remember much except the Parmesan wings here were unbelievable. I had at least 3 other types of wings but I don't know the names but they were all good. When I come to Pittsburgh again will make it a point to come here no matter what. Also, had my first Rolling Rock beer here...that counts for something!
4	Great burgers and beer selection. A lot of people like the chips they serve with the sandwiches but I'm not a fan. On a few of the times I've visited it's gotten pretty cramped inside, although it's hard to hold that against them. When the food is this good, the restaurant deserves to be crowded.
4	Came here a few times while in town for a recent sporting event. Solid pub grub: Smoky Burger and Big Fat Pepperoni Roll were spot on, while the Soft Pretzel is a cheap ($2.95) and delicious way to soak up some of that beer you're drinking. 40+ craft beers on tap, and their original brews are top notch, too (particularly enjoyed the Goggle Fogger hefeweizen and Up In Smoke smoked porter).When I come to PGH, this is usually one of my first stops on the South Side.
5	-The Fat Heads Saloon is located on East Carson which is a great strip of bars in downtown Pitt.  We stayed at the Double Tree which offers a free shuttle so it worked out beautifully.  After our beer buying trip around town we headed back to Fat Heads. It's a big place with a very nice bar.  Early in the day it's pretty dead, but at night its PACKED.  -At lunch I had tried the Headhunter which was outstanding.  I also tried a Ballast Point Sculpin because I had heard how great it was and we didn't get it in Buffalo.-Fat Heads has a great beer menu with lots to choose from. Not only do they have about 10 beers of their own, they also have about 20-25 guest taps.-The food was okay, servings were WAY too much food but I guess that's why it's called FAT Heads.-Upstairs is merchandise and beer where you can create your own six pack. There's only about 4 coolers full of beer and let me tell you it isn't cheap. A six pack of sculpin was about 40$..ouch.-On my next trip to Pittsburgh we went back and enjoyed their delicious beer once again. However this time around we got to experience Sunshine Daydream and this was a fantastic beer. A session IPA, at only 5%. I've had session beers and this one kills them all. -If you're looking to buy their beer they only sell the Headhunter and Blueberry in bottles, the rest you can get growlers filled, however it MUST be a Fat Heads growler (they will take your non-Fat Heads growler however and replace it with theirs for free). But you can purchase their bottled beer at Fat Heads or simply walk up East Carson and buy a case at the beer store down the street. -Street parking only.
4	Best beer selection in Pgh.
5	Great Food!  HUGE Portions!
4	One of my favorites in Pitts.  The sandwiches are overwhelming. They are for sharing unless you have a huge appetite. I have just one suggestion.  Expert pastrami.  I also like the buffalo sauce here and usually get a cup of it to dip the homemade chips into. Good stuff.
4	They have a big menu .. Lots of yummy diff burgers
5	A place which stands out even on trendy Carson street. A place loved by bikers and nerds altogether. A place where you can get the local beer, some interesting new beer and some good old beer you know (and the same is true about the people too).I come to Fat Head's since 1999, and plan to come again.
4	Suicide by killer sauce.It seems like each time I go to Fat Heads I leave wishing I had tried something else.  Not because what I had was bad, but because the menu is just that good.  Fat Heads also brings it with their expansive and fair priced beer list.  Their house brews are top notch and should not be forgotten.  Before I briefly talk about the food I feel like I should mention that the reason Fat Heads is losing a star is not because of the food or drinks, but because the service often leaves something to be desired.  When Fat Heads is full and you put your name on the wait list be prepared to be misquoted, forgotten in the shuffle, and treated rudely when asking for updates.  Drinks often don't get refilled and you always feel like you are a bother to the majority of the staff.  If the food wasn't so good I'd avoid Fat Heads.Onto the food!I'd have to say my 3 favorite dishes at Fat Heads would be the Fiery Voodoo Killer Burger, which is not for the faint of heart.  The Killer sauce is amazing spicy, but is hands down my favorite wing sauce in the city.  Sweet, salty, and spicy.The Southside Slopes, pierogies on a sandwich?!  This sandwich was voted into Maxim's top sandwich list for a reason.  Kielbalsa, pierogies, horseradish, and grilled onions, nothing else needs said.  And finally the char grilled wings with the aforementioned Killer sauce.  Get a cold IPA and dig in.Fat Heads is worth rolling the dice with poor service.
5	Amazing.  I couldn't have asked for anything better!  We did wait, but the nice thing is that they call you instead of holding a pager - so being in a prime location, we decided to go bar hop and just came back when they called me!  It was great.The food was amazing.  If you're looking for calorie loaded, grease leaking, mouth watering, heart stopping food then look no further!  We LOVED it.  It was my two girlfriends and myself and our eyes were bigger than our stomachs (mind you we had our beer goggles on).  We decided to get two different burgers and appetizer to share - we could barely finish it all which is so unlike us!  We got the nacho appetizer that I would recommend to ANYONE.  It's made on their house made chips and is honestly to die for.I can't wait to go back and to check out their other location near my house (NE OH).  I'll have to wait until I get another diet cheat day, it'll cost me my month of them!
5	After hearing all the good things about Fat Heads I knew I had to visit it at least once. The food was delicious and the burgers are amazing. Staff is friendly and helpful and the beer is amazing. I tried the bumbleberry beer which is a honey blueberry flavored beer and it was amazing. I love coming to Fat Heads.
4	The only reason Fat Heads does not get a 5 star from me, and I know this is nit-picking, is that it's so darn loud inside.  I have to yell to be heard and have to lean in to hear, but that is the only thing wrong with this place.  Every sandwich I have had was a masterpiece of flavors and textures.  Last night I had the Chicken Little which was another amazing sandwich.  Rarely do I NOT have a favorite dish at a restaurant, but Fat Heads is my exception.  I want to try something new every time I stop in because I know it's going to be delicious.  It's usually a wait to sit down but it's worth every minute when you're taking that first bite of some of the greatest sandwich concoctions thought up.So you're thinking, "How could there be any more win packed into this place?"  I haven't mentioned that Fat Heads brews their own beer.  Boom.  I had their chocolate stout last night and it was on par with any delicious chocolate stout I've had.  Well done, Fat Heads.  Well done.  Recommended?  Most definitely.
4	Clean old fashion bar with extension menu. Large unusual beer selection. Beer logos painted on brick walls gives the room an eclectic look. Our group had spicy shrimp, coconut shrimp, mussels. Sandwiches included burgers, Rueban, portabella wrap, tuna wrap...We like Fat Heads.
1	Embarrassingly bad experience after parking my car 20 minutes away, pushing my way through hordes of people, and showing up to join my friends who were waiting for me inside, and being rudely turned away by the "gentleman" at the front door. He claimed the restaurant was closed and insisted that my friends were not inside the restaurant. Yes this actually happened just tonight. He would not let me in to show him that they were in fact there and enjoying food and drinks. The restaurant was obviously full of people, including my four friends who were wondering where I was. I will never ever go here and I will not recommend that anyone else put up with such treatment. I will spend my money elsewhere.
5	I checked this place out because I remembered seeing it on TV and I wanted to try something different on this trip to Pittsburgh, and boy am I glad that I did!I started out by ordering one of their own brews, Bumbleberry, a honey blueberry ale garnished with what else but fresh, sweet blueberries. It was delicious and a perfect fit for a hot day. As an appetizer, even though it was hot outside, I had to try the Chicken Parmesan soup. The soup was an awesome tomato and meat base with chunks of chicken, all covered up by a layer of provolone and parmesan and broiled until bubbly and delicious. It was fantastic!For my entree, I ordered the PCI (Pretty Cool Italian Club) and it was mammoth and did not disappoint! The sandwich starts out with a layer of banana peppers then stacks of salami, ham, cappicola and pepperoni, melted cheese, sliced hard-boiled eggs, lettuce, tomato and onions and held together with a flavorful rosemary mayo! Served along side this beast was a heaping portion of their fresh cut chips which were the perfect complement to the sandwich (or, as they prefer to say, "headwich").The food and beer was great but the staff are an equal part of why I will definitely return. My bartender, Joe, was the best. A great personality from he and the other bar staff made for an extremely pleasant visit! I will definitely return whenever I am in Pittsburgh!
3	Food is okay. (Womens) Bathrooms are nasty, my friend had a mouse crawl over his feet (Sunday 6/23/2013) And when staff was informed, they said it had run into the kitchen and someone stepped on it. Oh okay.. Problem solved? Never been particularly impressed with service either, but that doesn't bother me much.
4	Loved the pulled pork headwhiche! Sometimes the wait can take a while if you go during meal times on weekends. I would recommend honey barbecue sauce for the chips that comes with the headwhices.
5	Fat Head's is awesome.  Great craft beer selection.  Their Head Hunter is one of my favorite IPAs.  The food is good.  Huge, huge portions.  My son loves the pepperoni rolls, and this kid is pretty much indifferent to food.  He is very picky and only eats when hungry.  Fun atmosphere. Be prepared to wait a long time for a table, though.
4	Great atmosphere, delish food, and solid service.  I'll be back.
4	Their sandwiches (called headwiches) are huge. During weekend nights, the bar area gets to be pretty crowded, and you an hour wait for a table during dinnertime isn't unusual. They also have a huge selection of beers. I'm not a beer drinker, so I can't say much about that. It's pretty loud in here, so you do have to almost yell to talk to your buddies.I came here on a Thursday around 6pm, and surprisingly, there were plenty of open tables. The headwiches consist of interesting combinations of just about anything a person might put on a sandwich. Normal sandwich meat, fried eggs, steak, mushrooms, pulled pork, brisket, bacon, chicken fingers, etc.I ordered a Portly Fellow (one of the few things without meat), which consists of portabello mushrooms, roasted red peppers, spinach, tomato sauce, basil pesto, onion rings, mozzarella, goat cheese, and parmesan. Yes, the different cheeses sounds a bit excessive. It was just as massive as the other sandwiches, and there was a pretty good balance of flavors. I had some bites with a massive glob of goat cheese and nothing else, which was not particularly pleasant.Some of my colleagues got burgers, which are much smaller than the sandwiches. You can consider them normal-sized. They all enjoyed their burgers as well.Sandwiches are served with homemade chips. Some were really crispy, others were soggy from sitting in a puddle of oil. Burgers and some other items are served with fries. The fries are maybe almost steak fries, so there was no crunch to them. I would have preferred the fries over the chips, but they do NOT allow substitutions on that -- as explained by a long paragraph in the menu that I did not fully understand even after reading several times. All in all, a pretty good gigantic sandwich with chips on the side that I did not care for.
4	Beer and food coma from the enormous portions.  Yowza!
1	My girlfriend and I went to Fathead's on a hot Thursday night therefore we had no desire to sit outside. Upon arrival we were told by the hostess that we would have to wait longer for a table inside (which was fine).  After about 30 minutes of waiting the hostess took us to a table outside. We told her we had requested to sit inside her response "oh I should have written that down. You will have to wait another 30 minutes for a table inside". Even though we had just waited 30 minutes for a table INSIDE. After no apology from the hostess for her screw up, we decided that we were not going to wait longer to eat at a place with such a rude staff member. I don't care how great the craft beer selection is, a rude staff certainly is a deal breaker. We will definitely not be returning In the future.
3	The beer here is pretty good, they've got a few interesting ones worth trying. I've ordered the Bumbleberry on a few occasions - it's my 'safe' option at this point, it's always decent! Fat Heads would be better if it didn't feel so crowded all the time, there's been more than one night where the group I was with left because the wait for a table was too long or the bar was too busy to get a drink.
5	This was my favorite part about visiting Pittsburgh. The food was awesome and the portions are HUGE. I'm pretty sure my salad would have been enough for like 5 people. There was also a huge selection of beer. I got some kind of blueberry beer and they put blueberries in it which I thought was a nice tough. I can't wait to go back!
3	Fat Heads serves up some decent food and offers a casual, clean atmosphere. If you're looking for your standard American fare then this is a good spot. With HUGE (and normal size) burgers, plus wings, salads, and sandwiches, this place has a good variety of menu options to choose from. I had ordered the quadruple bypass burger :) that was a burger topped with beef brisket, bacon, sharp cheddar, and a sunny side up egg! That was definitely a standout from the other meals that we tried here. It doesn't just sound awesome, it tasted awesome.Other than that burger, I wouldn't rave about the food. There were no complaints, but it's just average.
4	Visiting from Milford, Ohio.  Spending a couple days in Pittsburgh for my hubby's bday.  Fat Heads was on his list!   My first turn off was that we were immediatly seated outside.  Any place I've been to, I've always been asked, "would you like to sit on the patio?"   We weren't asked and it appeared there was indoor seating available.       That's my only complaint.   Looking @ the menu, I thought the prices might be high until I saw the portion sizes!  wow!!!   After enjoying those fresh cut fries and drinks, we headed up stairs to the retail shop.  Hubby bought a pint glass and T-shirt.  The sales guy was a sweetie, engaged us in conversation, very good at his job. If you eat here, you get 10% off your purchase in the retail shop.   If I ever find myself back in Pittsburgh, I'll find myself back @ Fatheads.
4	If you are a rookie, it may take a while to read thru the menu.  So many interesting options.  Have been to FATheads a few times recently and have had friendly service and some interesting Headwiches.  On our most recent visit, someone in the group ordered a salad. Man was it huge!  They took most of it home.  We started with some spicy wings. Wings were good with just some nice spicy heat.  Then on to the challenge of eating a Headwich that come with some tasty homemade chips (just add a little salt).  The Long LIve The King was so tasty with the stuffed banana pepper, very good sausage, mozzarella cheese , grilled tomato, onion, garlic mayo and anchovy.  Hard to describe but delicious.  Some very interesting flavors that combined well.  Did not meet the challenge.  Had to take some home for a nice treat the next day!Great beer selection, too.
5	Great fun place. The portions are huge. So big their sandwiches are called headwiches because they're larger than your head. Pulled pork is very good as well as the burgers. Also a great place for craft beer lovers. They have a wide selection as well as their own brews. The bumbleberry is so good. Even comes with blueberries in the glass. The wait can get pretty long though. Try to go at an off time if you mind a long wait.
4	This place is everything it claims to be! We had yummy sandwiches, tasty beers, and left not only with a fat head, but a fat belly, too!! I tried the Southside Slopes (kielbasa and pierogies on a bun) which won a national Best Sandwich Award. Wow! The homemade beers were exceptional as well. This place definitely made our trip to Pittsburgh one we'll never forget.
4	Fat Heads is a nice spot to come with a bunch of friends for some beers and a few bites. There are about thirty beers on tap of which around a dozen are brewed by Fat Heads Brewery. A bonus is that they have a hand pump for cask conditioned beer!
1	Flat out the worst service I have ever seen in any restaurant....they got my friend's order wrong 3 times (not subtle pickiness, utterly and completely wrong....wrong bread once, no cheese once....completely absurd)  by the time hers was finally on the table and close to correct, mine was ice cold.  NO apology, NO drop by from a manager to try and ameliorate the situation.I would not suggest this shithole to anyone under any circumstances.Complete amateur hour operation.
4	After reading several reviews, we decided that Fat Heads was definitely a place we wanted to check out while in Pittsburgh! We headed there for lunch on a Sunday afternoon and were surprised that they were already quite busy.  We were seated promptly in the outside dining area with no fuss made when we requested to sit at a table that did not line the wall (we have never been a fan of the long benches that line the wall with tables spaced several feet apart, no privacy).  Anyway, it took us several minutes to look over the menu as there are ALOT of options! We agreed upon the pepperoni rolls for an appetizer, I had an order of mild wings, my husband the Chicken Little and my daughter, a cheeseburger (there is no children's menu). The pepperoni rolls were fantastic and I could've eaten more! Great crunchy crust with flavorful cheese, pepperoni and sauce on the side! Yummy!  The sandwiches were huge! The Chicken Little was served with homemade chips while the cheeseburger was served with fries (note: they do not allow substitutions on potatoes) both were very tasty.  My husband reports that the sandwich was very good and my daughter had to bring much of her lunch home, it was just too much! The wings were average size and were good but a little dry for my taste.  We will be visiting again, just so we can try something else from the extensive menu!
5	How can you go wrong with a place that serves burgers bigger than most plates, makes their own homemade potato chips, and oh yeah...has great microbrews. If you don't drink and/or are a vegetarian it is probably in your best interest to stay away from here. For the rest of you, if you don't mind a little wait for some really good food and even better beer it is imperative that you give Fat Heads a try when in Pittsburgh.
5	Fantastic beer selection, paired up with large, bountiful meals. What's really great is that they're so helpful when it comes to matching your culinary taste with the correct type of ale. Their large menu even suggests different combinations in order to satisfy your palette. I'd recommend this restaurant to anyone who has family coming in or visiting Pittsburgh. Located deep in the heart of South Side, it's a great way to start a day of adventuring and checking out the Pittsburgh scene. It gets VERY busy on Saturday and Sundays, so waiting is going to be inevitable no matter what time you decide to go. However, you can have a seat at the bar while you wait, and it's usually not longer than 30 to 45 minutes. In the meantime, the atmosphere is a very sports themed, and the time will fly while you wait.
5	My sandwich took me to a new whole dimension. Great atmosphere and amazing service a must go!
1	Tonight, we were here with my spouse and I can't understand why people gave so many stars to this place. Nothing special at all!!! Portions are huge but quantity and quality issue ??? I got the aggressive onion burger and spouse got the double-d  headwich. The sandwich was full of marinara sauce, I mean come on. The more sauce you put on something the more suspicious we get! The burger was dry, not fun to eat at all. Seriously save your money and go to 5 guys, Burgatory or even any other place. The one star is only for the enormous selection of beers!
3	Good food but the server sucked. Not friendly and he would not check back with us unless we waived him down. We ordered Coconut Shrimp and Wings for appetizers. He brought out the shrimp but no wings. After 10 mins we flagged him down and asked about the wings and he said "oh I thought you wanted them with your burger "?????  No idea why he would assume that.
3	Fatheads makes some really nice beers.  The food portions are huge, good value.  I never have been amazed with the flavors.  I think their food is mediocre at best.  I have to say the portion size is the draw.   Hard to get a table or seat at the bar.  Always seems busy... Overall though its definately worth a look.. Would rate 3.5 if I could, but definately not a 4.
5	The food here is just STUPID good. Like when you have to stop eating and give your food that "WTF" look before you keep eating. This is not typical pub food by any means. I'm surprised we don't have one of these in Texas b/c the food is surely BIGGER & BETTER here.I went with a couple people and we ordered some original wings for an appetizer and DAMN were they good. The wings were seasoned well, then tossed in a moderately hot wing sauce which had an amazingly unique and delicious flavor to it.I ordered the Chick'n Little Headwich and even with all of the hype around the size of the sandwich, I still had a shocked look on my face when our waiter brought it to the table. The contents of this sandwich read like an Artery Clogger list: Chicken Fingers w/ Wing Sauce, 2 Fried Eggs, Ham, Bacon, Cheese etc. I know, it sounds a bit ridiculous but I guarantee you won't feel that way once you've taken that first bite. Although this one meaty treat probably shaved 6 months off my life, I think it may have been worth it b/c it exceeded all of my expectations and I had set the bar pretty high.I love that this place is also a brewery and from the couple of beers I tried, a pretty good one at that. If I lived in Pittsburgh, I'd be a regular here so at least drop in for a bite and a brew and find out if you think its as awesome as I do.
5	So we are from pgh and when we come back to visit we always return to Fat Heads. We had the first bad experience of 10 years a couple weeks ago attributed to snotty service (he had mike ness hair and was  very chubby on a Friday night), inconsistent food and a lackadaisical manger but today It was all righted. Food was back to its normal awesomeness and our Server, Todd, was way above par! Great experience on a lazy afternoon!
4	Went for our second visit a few weekends ago...just as great as I remember! Had the tuna steak sandwich. The tuna was perfection! And the fries...omg, to die for! I get the Parmesan cheese and garlic fries. If you love garlic, these fries are for you! So much garlic a vampire won't get within 5 yards of you, so yummy! The hubby got the colassal club and boy was it HUGE! He thought it was wonderful as well! He got regular fries and enjoyed it very much! We will certainly go back again!
1	Would have loved to eaten here but the wait was ridiculous. The host was rude when we were trying to be seated and stopped talking to us mid conversation to take care of something else. They need to find a faster way to seat their customers if they want my business.
5	Yep, it's all they say it is, with big ole fat head telling me to have another Bumbleberry!  Great beers and good service.  Energetic atmosphere.  Had the charbroiled wings.  Original is hot with a nice, but not over the top heat.  I highly recommend for good time, great food and solid waitstaff.
2	Being a huge fan of Fat Head beers, I was very excited to try out the Fat Head Saloon. Unfortunately, the only thing that didn't disappoint was the beer itself. The bar tending was standard, nothing exceptional about my experience at the bar, but then again, how hard is it to pour a 16 oz beer? The beer though...exceptional, as expected!!!!However, let that be the end of your expectations for the night. If you want any sort of service, or if you want to feel like the restaurant wants you there, don't attend the Far Head Saloon. I was originally greeted with a frown when I said I would likely just drink at the bar, but when I decided to sit at the bar tables I was asked to stand up as our table was "needed". The table proceeded to be empty for another hour. Sam, the server, was not friendly, nor accommodating as she clearly talked about my group because I went to the front to ask a menu question and they told me not to sit at another table within the restaurant. If you like Fat Head beers, definitely make a stop to get a good draft, but your experience at your local grocer will far exceed the service of this bar. This establishment truly needs a refresher course on customer service!
5	Fat Heads is a Pittsburgh landmark.  Great beers on tap (including their own) and excellent food.  Portions are as huge as the name suggests, and the sanwhiches are delicious.  I had the McMinn's chicken dance, which was suggested by the bar tender.  It was great, with a heaping mound of those homemade potato chips to go with it.  The only real drawback to Fat Heads is that it isn't exactly a secret and thus is packed with people on the weekends.  We were lucky and stole a couple bar seats, but the wait can be an hour plus if you have a group looking for a table.
4	Wide variety of excellent beers. The food is very good, you won't leave hungry. Many different meal choices makes me want to keep coming back.
5	I finally made my first trip to Fat Heads after being in Pitt for a few months and realized what I've been missing out on.  We arrived shortly after 6 PM on Friday night and were given a 30-45 minute wait time but it ended up only being around 15 min.  It's a great atmosphere inside and I really didn't mind waiting.Great beer selection, including their own.  I went with the Holly Jolly Christmas Ale.  One of the best winter beers I've had.  Cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, lots of spices.It took me a while to read through the menu for the first time.  They have a lot of great options but I finally decided on the Chick'n Little Headwich.  As others have said, the portions are gigantic.  Chicken fingers with hot sauce, 2 eggs, ham, bacon, cheese, hot pepper mayo, etc.  Finishing it was no small task but it was well worth it.  I wouldn't bank on being very productive after eating it though.That staff was very friendly and helpful.  Fun and energetic place to be!  I will be back!
4	I do love Fat Heads! Definitely one of my favorite spots on East Carson.  Service is always fast and friendly.  What a beer selection, too!  I always get the Bumbleberry, which is a blueberry and honey beer which comes with fresh blueberries in the pint. I hate to put bad news first or last, so I'll throw it in the middle.  Their steak has really been missing the mark lately.  I've ordered it a few times, each time medium rare.  All but once it came out medium well to well done instead.  I cut them a little slack since steak isn't their specialty, but any good chef should know the difference between a warm red center and a hot colorless center.  But when the steak has come out to temp, it's delicious!Typically, aside from the few times I gave their steak a shot, I get the same few things.  I start  with a giant plate of fresh cut garlic fries accompanied by chicken fingers with a side of bbq sauce.  The nachos are definitely to die for as well.  Their sandwiches [ahem, headwiches] are massive and really impressive, too.Overall, I give Fat Heads an A+ and highly recommend it.
3	We finally experienced Fat Heads for the first time last night.Let me begin by saying that we literally looked at the menu for 20 minutes after ordering an appetizer (onion rings!).. actually we looked at the menu so long that there was a server-switch for our table/section. I should also mentioned that after I finally decided what I wanted, Bobby brought up that there was still a back side to the menu. I didn't even look-- I closed the menu and made my final decision.. The BBQ Chicken. I'm not sure why I decided on that.. It's a sandwich with coleslaw on it & I'm not the coleslaw-sandwich type of person.. But it sounded amazing. (BBQ sauce, provolone cheese, onion & coleslaw) Actually every sandwich description made you want to try it which is why it was so hard to decide. My sandwich was tasty and I was happy that I was able to decide on the type of BBQ sauce (more decisions!) The slaw & BBQ chicken went well together.Bobby ordered the Angry Cheese Steak (shaved steak, red peppers, jalapenos, onions, mozzarella, goat cheese, spinach & chipotle mayo wrapped in a tortilla) It looked delish! He was only able to finish the first half.I'm happy the server mentioned that the onion rings were spicy, because for some reason I didnt notice. Mannn, I may look like a wuss but those were extra spicy! They definitely defeated me.. I stopped after 5 & I'm surprised I made it that far.  Next time I'm ordering a salad. Goodness that thing looked huuuuge.
4	Second time I've been to this place. Me and a friend met up here this time after a long day and it was totally worth it! Had to wait for about 15 mins on a Tuesday night but we didn't mind too much. Beer selection was awesome and the food was great as always. The artichoke dip is phenomenal omg! Mmmhmm. Love it. My friend had the killer and the honey chipotle wings but didn't like the honey chipotle that much! Will definitely be back every soon
4	Great food and even better beer- this is one place I always take out of towners because they are amazed by the size of the sandwiches. There is always a wait so go in knowing that ( they do not take reservations) but stop at the bar during your wait. I highly recommend the Bumbelberry ( blueberry beer and they top it off with fresh berries) or the nice selection of Arsenal cider they have on draft. If you are a fan of wings they make a great starter and many different sauces to choose from. The menu is overwhelming with burgers, chicken sandwiches, salads etc. The salads are big enough to feed a small country but I recommend getting one of the meaty sandwiches. This past visit I went with the beef brisket sandwich topped with BBQ sauce, cheese sauce, pickles, tomato and horseradish sauce.  It was super messy but delicious although a substitute for the roast beef sandwich they took off the menu. The service is usually quick and the servers are average. Great place to go in the summer as they have a very nice outdoor seating area.
5	Best food on the S. Side of Pittsburgh. Great beers, monstrous sandwiches, great wings. All time favorite. Word of warning however,  due to popularity,  be prepared to wait an hour for a table.
5	Some of the best sandwiches around. Huge menu and draft selection. Fatheads own beer is fantastic. Always crowded.
4	I came here with friends between lunch and dinner, which was probably not the smartest idea. We ended up ordering an appetizer to share as well as drinks. Next time, I look forward to trying a headwich (sandwich), although I will have to be really hungry because they are enormous!The atmosphere is fun, and it wasn't filled to the brim with college students, as least when we were here. There seemed to be a variety of people, even some families, which I thought was nice. We came at 3pm on a Saturday, and we maybe waited 5 minutes.We were seated in a big booth, and I was immediately overwhelmed by the sheer size and length of the menu. Everything looked amazing! We had the spinach dip, and it was delicious. I had the bone dry Arsenal cider, which is my absolute favorite cider (I buy it by the growler at Arsenal), and then switched to the Arsenal sour cherry, which you can't find in restaurants and bars as easily as the more common bone dry and Fighting Elleck. Love the sour cherry! It's very sour on the first drink, and then smooths out from there. The alcohol content is pretty high for a cider, so be forewarned!I can't wait to come back for a headwich and more cider. Great selection of beers on tap as well.
3	If you are a fan of Fathead's beers then you may enjoy this place more. Basically standard bar food but larger portions.  Food is nothing amazing. There have been a number of new bar restaurants opening in the same area that far exceed this place (wing Hart's and urban tap). Service is fair. Be prepared to wait exceeding long times Fridays and Saturdays as basically all 40+ suburbanites in Pittsburgh converge on the place.
5	After being told that Primanti Brothers was the best Pittsburgh had to offer, my faith in Pittsburgh food was gone. I thought, "If this is the best food in Pittsburgh, why would I possibly want to stay another day??"The answer: FAT HEADS SALOON.We went in expecting an okay lunch, and instead we both had multiple food-gasms. Fried perogie appetizer?? AWESOME. Perfect little pillows of potatoes and pleasure.I ordered the extreme pastrami and the boyfriend ordered the big beefy barbecue. My obsession with pastrami started about 3 months ago and this just made it more intense. The thick slices of meat and hot pepper mayo made for an amazing combination, but egg on a sandwich is always a selling point for me. Overall the best sandwich I have ever eaten. Ever. Based upon the sauce covering boyfriend's face from nose-to-chin and ear-to-ear, I would say he was pretty pleased as well. North Carolina eastern BBQ is what I was raised on, so I'm not one to judge his sandwich. People of Pittsburgh, are you trying to get people out of your town by sending them to a hole in the wall with bland sandwiches? STOP IT! Send people to Fat Heads.
4	Came here to grab a beer and something to eat - portions are huge. Will have to come back more hungry to do this place justice. Having the Head Hunter IPA, quite good, and a buffalo chicken salad, quite large, but tasty and full of chicken!
4	Everything I have eaten has been great!  Here's some pros and cons:Pros:GIANT beer selectionGIANT sandwichesComfortable casual atmosphereCool decorHas own little souvenir/beer shop upstairsRelatively large amount of parking - street and a public lot right across from the restaurantStaff knowledgable about the drinks and foodCons:In winter time, sitting in the front dining room is BRUTAL.  Very cold, large snaps of cold air blowing in on you and your food every time someone opens the door.  Would be nice to have a double door system installed.Pepperoni rolls are a joke - I've loved all the food, but we ordered these as an appetizer and all you get are two small ones!  Kindof hard to share amongst more than two people.  They were still tasty, but they could afford to throw a few more rolls on that plate for how much they cost.Overall, one of our favorite places in Pittsburgh.  If they fixed the cold snap issue I'd probably give 5 stars.
5	Update: I've been here three times this week and each time has been terrific - sandwiches dangerously good, starve yourself all day to prepare, HeadHunter each night, other beers ok but not as terrific. Had the Double D, then the Expert Pastrami, each time excellent and memorable. If you aren't a big fan of smorgasbords on a bun, this might not be your place!!!
3	The food and the beer selection are top notch. The service is not. Depending on when you go and where you end up sitting, you're going to have a different experience each time. If you end up along the back left stone wall past the bar, you're probably going to get a full-time waiter / waitress that knows what they're doing and is very personable. If you end up anywhere near the the outside patio or the front desk, you'd probably get better service at a Dennys. Maybe that's where they put the part-timers who don't last, who knows. The front desk is horrid. It's a bunch of women who don't know how to assign seating and scoff if you ask to be moved away from the tables that are right near the 20 degree doorway. One particular blonde should have probably been fired the day she was hired. As good as the food is, the last handful of times my party and I had been treated like animals because we didn't want to sit in a refrigerator while we ate. That's not how it works.
3	It seems I may be in the minority, but I wouldn't go out of my way for Fat Heads.  Perhaps I was in a bad mood because the only thing worse than Pittsburghers driving in snow is Pittsburghers parking in snow (and it was impossible to find somewhere to park on Saturday afternoon).  Perhaps it was the hour plus wait to get a table - 4/6 people in our group wanted Fat Heads, so I was forced to wait.  Hungry Angelica does not wait well.  I don't know, but something wasn't making this trip super-special for me.Three of us got burgers.  While they were good, they weren't amazing.  I was getting full and wanted to finish the patty sans bun, which was a mistake.  My burger, the Renee, comes with cheese, cheese sauce (overkill), mushrooms, and bacon and you really need all of that cheese because the meat on mine was a little dry and had no flavor when eaten off the bun.Another had the Nicole and noted that the fried onion straws were basically non-existent.  I've had that before and they pile it with onion straws; this time, there was only a sprinkling of chopped pieces (the leftovers perhaps).A third person had a classic bacon cheeseburger with an egg and it was finished with great gusto.  Also ordered by others were wings, a steak sandwich, and a taco salad.  The wings were good and spicy, the steak sandwich wasn't commented on, and the taco salad was good, but just kind of there - nothing special.Pros: extensive craft beer list with a cask on tap, huge menu (though it has direction - you know you're getting some good, classic bar food), wings, bar atmosphere.Cons: inconsistencies in the kitchen with preparation and presentation, some burgers not living up to the hype.Will I come here again? Yes, but I'll order something different and it won't be during a busy afternoon rush.
3	Positives:  Fun atmosphere, fun and creative menu, amazzziiinng bumbleberry beer (seriously, try it.)Negatives: Slow service (the place was packed), French onion soup that was basically salt water, & cold, bland, and chewy pierogies.Verdict:  A fun place to hang out and have a beer if you're not in a hurry, but seriously mediocre food.
4	Check out my Blog about Fat Heads!http://faubulousinpittsburgh.blogspot.com/2014/03/not-now-ive-got-fat-head-ache.html
4	Amazing food and great servers! The meal wait time was a little long (about 15 - 20 minutes) but well worth it. I personally recommend the bacon cheese burger with fries. The fries are crispy and just the right amount of saltiness and  the very juicy but not dripping wet medium well burger is amazingly full of flavour. I would give it a 5 star rating if only the wait time for food was a little shorter but then again it was a busy night and that, I understand.
3	Review number 50!! Wish I could have given this place a higher rating. To start we walked in gave our name to the slightly aloof hostess and waited. Bryan went to the bar and ordered us beers. Not sure what mine was called but it was a berry type beer. It was very good and went down a little too easy. It was really good. It took about 30 min to get a table and the one we got was in the outside area. That being said if it's summer or winter this will be vary uncomfortable. I'm sure we could have waited for an inside table but we were so hungry. Our waitress seemed to take forever for everything. Now onto the menu. There is a huge sandwich selection along with lots of other stuff like burgers and salads. I went with the with the divine swine and it was tasty. I wish they were served with fries instead of chips. My 2nd beer was a wheat wine and it really wasn't that good. Overall this is an ok place I wish the service was a little better and that there was more inside seating. With that said if you have a friend in town and want to take the to a Pittsburgh place this would be a good option.
3	The sandwiches are huge and pretty good, but I can get equally good food for a lower price somewhere else. The beer is of course delicious. Only when I'm really in the mood for a ton of food I go indulge at fatheads.
4	Had Aloha burger...delicious. Great craft brews as well.
5	This place has a spectacular beer selection,  and the brisket French dip is to die for! If you go on the weekend,  it'll be completely packed,  so consider going during the week.
4	I had the Mighty Fine Bovine, really tasty.  Great beer selections (if you expect Budweiser stay home).  very diverse food and beer choices!
1	This may have been the worse meal I have ever eaten, this meal was disgustingly bad, I'm a vegan and its very hard to find a restaurant thats good for me, the first time my meal came out it was drenched in cheese, then the next time my meal came out it was drowned in hot sauce, I complained to the manager and the manager didn't care he said " thats how its made." I would never come back, and i recommend vegans to stay away!
4	Fat heads has a great selection of craft beers and good food. I hear that the burgers are amazing (but I don't eat meat). The place gets pretty crowded almost every day of the week, but service is usually pretty good too. I wouldn't come here every day, but for a dinner here and there, it's great.
5	Great food, great beer, great service.  What more do you need?
5	my favorite place for good food and great beer!!!!
5	Okay. I feel like this place should be more talked about than it is. I think it was on Outrageous Foods with Tom Pizzica so that's where I heard about it. It's a restaurant-brewery so don't bring a date here thinking you'll have an elegant evening. In fact, this place is probably the opposite of elegant (but really, aren't those places the best ones?)The main event here is definitely the headwiches. Some (or all?) of them are named after regulars and contain some bizzare combinations of ingredients I would never have thought of but are oh-so-yummy together. I tried the southside slopes and the "mo" betta beef and chedda headwiches. The southside had kielbasa, fried pierogies, grilled onions, american cheese and horseradish sauce while the "mo" betta beef and chedda had smoked beef brisket, portabello mushrooms, bacon, sharp cheddar, and chipotle mayo. I believe the menu said that the southside headwich was Maxim magazine's #5 best sandwich in the nation and it definitely didn't disappoint. I'd go so far as to say it was the star of the evening, and maybe even my whole visit to the Pittsburgh area (foodie-wise, at least).The headwiches are all served with their housemade potato chips which are AMAZING. Thinly cut but still thick enough to be more than crispy oil. They were perfectly seasoned and stayed delicious even several hours after dinner as a late night snack, when my second wind struck.The appetizers all looked pretty tasty also. Unfortunately, in anticipation of the huge headwiches, we opted only for one: the char-grilled wings smothered in smoky barbecue sauce. There are 14(?) sauces but I can't really take the heat so I stayed out of the fire! The wings were fantastic, let me tell ya. It was recommended by our waitress along with the smoked chicken, spinach & artichoke dip and the pedro's nachos made with their housemade potato chips.. if you're with a large enough group and on the fence about which appetizers to order. Don't get too ambitious if you're not because I saw an order of the chicken, spinch, artichoke dip pass our table and it was LARGE.The place also brews its own beers. When we went (around 5p), their house-brewed beers were half off for happy hour until 6p. I also noticed that they had a late night "happy hour" where their headwiches were half off from 10p - midnight. For the beers, typical stuff. I ordered my usual hefeweizen but I noticed they had a bumble berry on draft which was a blueberry-honey brew that I'd kind of wished I tried. The draft menu changes frequently--as the taps run out--so you'll just have to go and see what's available. There are 42 varieties to choose from so don't worry about not being able to find something to your liking though.What else, what else.. we didn't stay for dessert but the meal overall was fantastic. If you're visiting the area (like I was) and are into souvenir things, there is a gift shop upstairs that has t-shirts, a few of their beers (bottled) and other knick-knack things for sale. If you have your receipt from the meal, you can get an additional 10% off too!Oh wow, that was a lot of words. Like I said, lots to talk about with this place! Can't believe there aren't 1000+ reviews raving about it. Give it a shot; there are lots of eateries in the downtown area but this place is definitely a gem you don't want to miss.
5	Wow. Portions are huge and the food is awesome. If you are a local or visiting from out of town, this is a great place for dinner or a drink before the big game. I will  visit again.
1	I've never had a worse experience at a restaurant.  After waiting more than an hour my group of six was seated.  Twenty minutes later we got the chance to order drinks and appetizers, only after we stopped the waitress to ask if we could order.  The appetizers didn't come out until we'd been sitting an hour and ten minutes!!  The nachos I got looked delicious but they were literally ice cold, not even just room temperature.  I sent the nachos back and asked if we'd be getting the food soon -  the waitress impolitely let me know that "appetizers come out before the food."  When I told her that they usually come out within fifteen minutes of ordering them she told me "the kitchen is very busy with take-out orders."  Deciding to just wait it out, I'm starving at this point, we waited another half hour.  At this point we've been seated an hour and forty minutes.  We got up and decided to eat elsewhere as fat head's evidently doesn't have time for the patrons actually in the restaurant.
4	I have been here a few times and I try to get something different each time. The menu is a little overwhelming as there are so many different sandwiches to choose from. For starters I have tried their fried pierogies which were good but not what I thought they would be. I was expecting an extra crispy pieorgy with soft filling, but they just were not as "fried" as I thought they would be. They were still delicious, but I wanted something more crispy. The sandwiches, or "headwiches" as they are called there, I have tried are Jack-O, The Divine Swine, and PCI. I have also tried their Fiery Voodoo Killer Burger. All 4 where good in their own way, and also served with extra crispy fresh potato chips! Out of the 4 my favorite would have to be the Divine Swine. It was a good pulled pork sandwhich and the sauces they use are alright, not my favorite. Fiery Voodoo was extra spicey and I really couldn't finish it. I completely underestimated the spiciness of their killer sauce! PCI is a typical Italian sub. My least favorite was the Jack-O. I was expecting a more thinly sliced beef, but this was thicker cut and kind of hard to bite. I had to use my knife to cut it to eat it. It wasn't bad, just not my taste!I have only drank here once and only tried their Bumbleberry Honey Blueberry Ale. This was AMAZING. I am not a big drinker, so when I do drink I like fruity drinks or a lighter beer. This combined both of what I loved into a yummy refreshing beer. It is served with fresh blueberries in it, and I will for sure be getting this again! One of my favorite beers I have tried.I will be back here whenever I crave a burger and beer! Always quick and friendly service and a great bar atmostphere. I love looking at all the pictures and nick naks on the wall, and find something new each time! Worth trying!
4	This place is a glutton's paradise.  Their beer selection is excellent.  The also make their own beer and the IPA I drank was very good.  Ordered some fried mushrooms and holy crap.  I haven't seen so many fried mushrooms in my life.  They were also amongst the best I have had.  The pastrami sandwich was on point.  I had this for lunch.  I barely ate dinner that night.  Highly recommended.
3	Fat Head's is good, but I think they suffer from their popularity.The sandwiches are all huge and great. I'm never disappointed. I don't care for their chips nor their fries. They are mediocre. That really isn't a problem though since the sandwiches always fill me up.Their beer selection is my problem. It is a huge, but the prices are high and they don't use full pint glasses. They need to drop the prices or use real pint glasses.My other issue is the service. It is always slow. I don't know how they can solve the issue though. I don't think they can fit any more bar staff in.I'd strongly recommend Fat Head's off hours. I'd advise against it on Friday and Saturday nights.
4	The Parmesan wings are amazing. They have great flavor and they're big. They have a great selection of beers, including their own. I've gone a few times and they have been out of seasonal beers on tap, but they always recommended other beers in their place. The sandwiches are as big (of bigger) as your face. I recommend the pastrami out of the ones that I've tried, but I don't think you could go wrong.
5	I've been a regular for years. Beer selection is excellent (about 40 on tap) -- and I only drink IPAs but usually I can find something I haven't tried before. But, often it is never there again. I miss Gordon, for example. Headhunter is always on tap. I have seen people drinking Bud Light in bottles so they have that, too.The ribs get my vote for unsung hero. No one ever mentions them. Wings are tasty. I like spicy parmesan. Burgers are super, although I am not particular about the "doneness" of a burger. I have also enjoyed many sandwiches with pastrami and/or brisket.Overall, above average bar food with a great beer list. You may have to wait for a table; but once you are seated, you never feel rushed. Servers are friendly. In reading other reviews, many rave about the portions; but, a lot of it is bread, plates overflowing with chips, and salads constructed from a head of iceberg lettuce.Try the ribs. The full rack is 2.5 meals including fries. Beware the angry onion rings. Spicy going down and coming out the next day. Not recommended for vegans.
4	Went there for lunch on a Sunday with a couple of friends on the recommendation of a worker at a beer distributor.  It is definitely a popular spot for locals, as we had to wait 15 minutes for a table.  However, that was not a big deal.I had a pint of the Headhunter IPA, which is one of their own micro-brews.  It was above average in quality.  For a meal, I had the Southside Slopes headwich, which is served with 'fancy' potato chips.  The chips were mediocre (so I would've preferred the fries, which looked really good), but the headwich was decent.  It filled me up, for sure, which sometimes doesn't happen for me.Service was adequately attentive even despite how busy it was.  Pricing is a little on the low side considering it's a city and the portion sizes.  As a note, in order to fill a growler with beer here, the growler must bear the standard Surgeon General's warning.  I suspect that this policy is due to some Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board regulation; it stinks of the PLCB.  Fills cost $25-30, which is on the high side.
5	This place is great, and one of my favorite places to go. I always get the same thing - the pastrami that has smoked sausage on it. Enough food for lunch the next day and a good price. The chips are good too.
5	Full disclosure:Any time I know I'm going to eat at Fat Heads I make sure to fast a little the day before and work out some more.  Usually, I just drink here and they have EVERY beer you could want, both on tap and upstairs in a cooler.  They have some really fancy beers too!  This is how I once accidentally picked out a $75 6-pack, but mother of god were those fancy Belgian beers AMAZING!The food is FAMOUS.  Its my opinion that Fat Head's has the best reuben in town, and you may disagree and that's fine bc you are totally entitled to your wrong opinion.  The Headwiches are true "man food."  Chicks like them too but they are basketball sandwiches full of meat and love and calories and they are insanely good.That said aside from the reuben my other favorite menu item is the Beach Burger bc its just a straight forward, really good hamburger.  You've just got to try this place if you haven't been here.It gets crowded, but its worth the wait!
2	The servings are just way too big, and I feel like the burgers are mostly bun for how much they cost. The food isn't really substantial enough to enjoy next-day either, which is a bummer because I love leftovers. The beer selection is good but pretty expensive, depending on what you get (some drinks are on-par with competing venders, but others are inexplicably $1 or $2 more, which adds up pretty quickly). The veggie burger is pretty decent, especially the one with all the fixins, but there isn't all that much to offer vegetarians or vegans. Typically, after I eat here I feel like garbage and all my money is gone. It's a good place to go once a year for a change of pace to remember why I always end up back at Pipers across the street.
5	Great burgers and an awesome beer selection!  Definitely make a trip if you are going to the southside!
3	Good sandwiches. Had a team outing here and it was a lot of fun.
3	Always decent wings and a good assortment of beer, but I've never found the place all that engaging.  It's all very business like eating, drinking, and TV staring without a whole lot of interaction with the bartenders or staff.Granted, it is always crazy busy and a good place for a warm day, so I understand the pace of place pretty well.  Would just like to be able to feel more relaxed about clogging my arteries with the types of food and drink that I love so well.
3	All the burgers & sandwiches I've had here have been really good.  My favorite sandwich (Headwich) is the Bay of Pigs.  It's a ginormous spicy cuban and really delicious.  The fries & chips are great.  I also really like the batter fried shrooms and the soft pretzels.  Great beer selection.   BUT... the wings... they are consistently AWFUL.  They always come out squishy!!  YUCK!!!  I've tried them several times... tried ordering them well-done... they're always squishy.  I have no idea how they get good reviews on their wings... YUCK!   It's always really crowded and really loud.  I'd totally get burgers & sandwiches to go... but I'll probably never eat in the restaurant again.
5	If the essence of Pittsburgh were a restaurant, it would be Fat Heads.  I grew up in western Pennsylvania, where salads are ALWAYS topped with fries.  It wasn't until I moved southeast that I realized the rest of the world does not grease every pile of lettuce with fried potatoes.In case you are an out-of-towner like me, or you live under a rock, Fat Heads brews their own beer.  I tried the IPA, it's okay.  Wasn't bursting with hoppiness, but it did the job.Contrary to what most every review of Fat Heads discusses (wings, burgers, the causes of your impending heart disease), I will rave about the salads.  If you've read maybe half of any one of my reviews you know I love my big salads.  Well, Fat Heads' salads are HUGE.   Everyone (except me) took half of theirs home. Each one comes in a punch bowl, and topped with fries a la western PA. The fries were meh.  I was disappointed, but not enough to knock a star.  Dense and solid more than crispy and mushy.  That just means I ate fewer fries. A win in my book.Ambiance is great alfresco.  Refreshing and peaceful, still hosting the cheery indoor Fat Heads' mood.  This is definitely one of my new faves in the burgh.
5	This place is the bomb.  The bumbleberry beer (5.0 alcohol) was delicious, very refreshing and I so wanted an Imperial Stout (10.5 alcohol) like everyone else around me seemed to be enjoying, but was too full after splitting the Southside Slope sandwich  with my sister.  I can see why Maxim Magazine rated it the 5th best sandwich in the USA. It was amazing.  The only mistake that we made was ordering fried mushrooms. The basket was HUGE.  We had to pass them around the bar because we couldn't even make a dent.  Great place and attentive service at a very crowded bar on Friday at lunch.  This is a must-stop kind of place.
4	I am a huge fan of spicy food.  I come to Pittsburgh at least once a year & found Fat Heads a few yrs ago.  Although I come to Pittsburgh on business, Fat Heads is the highlight of my trip. I'll name a few of my favs: Chargrilled wings, the best.  The Quadruple bypass burger, awesome.  Homemade chips, great. The "killer" sauce... LIKE NONE OTHER in great flavor, & the heat is straight out the depths of hell!  To put the fire out, there is a wall of taps that gives you the power to choose how you're going to put the fire out.   This is a place that you must try, but you will need to return because you will not be able to try it all out in one visit. Just like going to Disney! Oh, I almost left out service.  Great staff!!! Tiger
5	My fiance and I come here...probably too often. They give you enough food to last a couple of days. I always take half of my sandwich home. The food is delicious, the wings are among the best I've had (the jalapeno cheddar ones taste like the love child of a jalapeno popper and a buffalo wing) and the sandwiches and burgers have never disappointed. Consistently great! My parents from eastern PA basically force me to bring home a spread from Fat Heads whenever I come home to visit. Yeah, it's that good.
4	This place is packed on the weekends. However, getting to sit at the bar and enjoy a bumble berry beer during our 45 minute wait was well worth the trip. The beer was so good that I had almost forgotten that we were waiting to eat! The beer soaked blueberries at the end of drinking a bumble berry beer made for a great sweet finish! Must I mention that the wings and loaded chips are well out of this world. Perfect beer food I felt! Come hungry and leave stuffed.
4	Fat Head's prides itself on the huge beer list, the massive sandwiches, and the homemade potato chips. It's also a great place for any occasion--as an undergraduate, we would venture out to Fat Head's when our parents visited to show them a neat place; as a graduate student, i would stumble into Fat Heads for a meal that could last me all day; living in the South Side, I would come back late at night to peek in and try a new beer; and, working in the South Side, it's always a treat to "forget" my lunch just for a chance to eat at Fat Head's.After going so many times, I've learned to stay away from the huge beer list, the massive sandwiches, and the homemade potato chips (well, maybe not the last one). If you're venturing out to Fat Head's and want something good that isn't usually recommended, here's a short list of my favorite non-headwich menu items:1. The grown-up grilled cheese is filling, delicious, and everything you'd hope to get in a giant grilled cheese.2. Get your wings char-grilled and then rubbed with whatever sauce you like the most. I'm not the biggest fan of their barbecue sauce, but the char-grilled wings go well with anything and are a welcomed departure from breaded-deep-fried.3. Bloody Mary. Bloody Mary Bloody Mary Bloody Mary. Probably my favorite Bloody Mary in the city. Definitely my favorite booze drink on the menu.4. The Fat Head's twist on classics doesn't stop at grilled cheese; the reuben is also a huge and delicious treat. For that matter, so is their cheesesteak.Next time you end up at Fat Head's, if the Jack-o doesn't look like it fits your craving, branch out! You won't be disappointed.
5	The amount of diverse Beer options at this place makes is deserving of a 5. The food options are immense and a step up above most bars/pubs, but they have an ethnic twist representing several of the original settlers of P'burg with a big representation from the Eastern European cuisine, such as perogies, shoved into huge sandwiches. The place is also just fun, with alot going on and a true mix of clientele, from families with young children, hipsters to bikers, and it works. For these reasons we put Fat Heads at the top of a must visit spot in Pittsburgh. The surrounding Southside neighborhood is also fun to explore with several other diverse food options.
5	One of my favorite places on Earth. They have a huge beer selection, including several of their own beers. They're food is unique in style and tastes incredible. Always good vibes. I recommending getting in early to avoid the inevitable crowd.
4	Headwhiches.  That's all you have to say really.  Absolutely great beer selection and the food is MORE than ample.  I can't help but make it to this place at least once every two months for a binge eating sandwich session.
5	Fat Heads is a Pittsburgh icon. There is an insanely large variety of unique food options. I couldn't even begin to cover the interesting combinations this place creates. It's a real hometown place with sandwiches literally named after people who have worked there or eaten there regularly. The portion sizes are insane. You're always taking home a second meal for later. The staff is very friendly, and it's a great place to go with a big group of people. I always bring visitors to this place. I was lucky enough to grow up less than two miles from here, and I worked next door for years...but I still never tire of the place!Try the Southside Slopes sandwich. You definitely will not be disappointed.
4	Best beer I ever hadBest bar good ever had
5	They really are good. I don't particularly like sitting there, but it's just worth it sometimes. The wing sauces are probably the best in Pgh. I'm personally a fan of the Beasty BBQ and I get the Killer Chicken sandwich (no ham). I love spice and heat and this place has it in spades.The menu is so huge that I can't imagine somebody not being able to find something they want.
3	While all of the sandwiches here are quite fun in that they offer a large variety of different choices in combination with a large amount of food, I actually haven't found any of them all that tasty.The problem is that there are just too many toppings on each sandwich and some of them really aren't needed.The wings are probably the best thing that I've had here so far.
2	Great food, fun place, but the service at the bar is horrible.  Can not get a drink or food unless you are camped out on bar like a lot of regulars who won't leave or order another drink.  Luckily some compitition is comming like urban bar. Same craft beers' good food, much better bar service and bartenders are at least attractive.
5	Umm absolutely awesome. Food is awesome, love the house brewed beer. Not a wonder why it is a nationally recognized place. Owns up to it. This place is the pittsburgh persona spot on.
4	These things are huge and good!  Started with the pierogies and got the Cool Colossal Club sandwich. Food was great. It's a little loud, though.
5	Ah, "Old Reliable," as I like to call it. Whenever my husband and I have been to a string of new places that just don't meet a high standard, there's always Fat Heads. Consistently keeping their tap selection updated and rotated, and supplying their customer with ample choices for eats, Fat Heads has one of the best atmospheres for the foodie. We've been regulars at this location for 15 years. I've never been served by a waiter or waitress who didn't know the full menu or draft list. Service is ALWAYS timely, and the staff is hilarious - real people. I call this the best burger in town, cooked to preference, and daunting in size. If you do get a burger, it will come with a side of fries. Order the honey mustard on the side! It's got a kick! I am sad that they don't do the Wall of Fame anymore, but it's only because the customer base got too big! Way to go, Fat Heads!
5	My favorite bar food in PittsburghAs a Pittsburgh resident since college, I've now been enjoying Fat Heads for 18 years. Great wings, enormous sandwiches, and a great beer selection. Fine dining it is not, but bar food done spectacularly it is. A great meal or drink stop, although the lines on a weekend evening for a table will cause many to walk away, but it's worth the wait.
5	I stop by about ounce a month with my wife it's out the way for me but well worth it the bay of pigs rocks a must go.
4	A wonderful bar on Carson!  The food was out of this world! Served hot and fresh. One of the best steak salads in the city! And their Italian potato wedges are excellent! Nice selection of craft brews on tap.
4	The burgers! Oh the burgers! I've eaten here several times and every time I leave with a smile on my face and a full belly. Not only are the burgers delicious (as in drive an hour to Pittsburgh for them delicious) their beers are delicious as well! My favorite is the Bumbleberry, YUM! If you're in Pittsburgh, this is a guarenteed food win!
5	What can you say about this place? Excellent craft beer selection including several Fatheads Brewery beers. The sandwiches are enormous, and my personal favorite is the Bay of Pigs, fatheads' take on the Cuban. The wings are delicious as well.
5	Delish! Love the nachos & burgers plus a great beer selection.
4	Huge meals. Great beer. Would love to swing by again the next time I'm in The Burg.
4	Tuna salad and onion rings to die for
5	Fat Heads could be called go big or go home.  Portions are amazing.  I live the grilled wings are great beer selection.  Bloody Marys are spectacular.   Big ass sandwiches.  Yum. So sit back relax and enjoy the ride you can have it all at Fat Heads.
1	This is one of few places I refuse to go. I've been there twice and both times, the food has been so bad that I've sent it back. (Which I never do!)  They offer pretty standard bar fare. The first time, I got this chicken/spinach/artichoke dip, and the second time I got pepperoni rolls. They were both just inedible messes. Maybe I should give the wings or an entree a go, but I just don't feel like taking my chances anymore on Fat Head's.
4	They have a great beer and cider selection I have not seen on the west coast! I went for the concord grape cider which was light and refreshing! wish I could have tried their blueberry honey fruit beer! It sounds amazing!For the food the special for Friday was fried pickles (surprise!). I love pickles so wanted to order this even if it wasn't the special. For my entree I got the cajun tuna taco press. My bf got the cubano sandwich.We got our drinks and appetizer first. The fried pickle basket was a pretty big basket and I was really full just from this! These fried pickles tasted a bit better then other places where I've tried fried pickles. Seems their batter sticks to the pickles better and the pickles were sliced instead of the normal pickle spears other places served. For my cajun tuna taco press, its pretty much a wrap and I enjoyed it as it was definitely on the lighter side of the menu and the spices on the tuna were on point. Nice flavorful spice and actual heat. Both my bf's entree and mine came with fresh made potato chips. There was a lot! If I'd known, I probably wouldn't have ordered the fried pickles. The homemade potato chips are really good though and I kept eating these even after I was full.Great beer and great food to accompany the awesome drinks!
4	If you want a burger the size of your face, this is the place to go. The food is great and the menu has many different options. I highly recommend it!
5	This place was great! The beer was fantastic and we got a few small plates to share and everything was really good. The perogies were amazing!
5	My friend recommended that I came here for lunch today, and I was very pleased at the quality of the meal. I ordered the Smoked Burger, and I can compare it to BRGR or Burgatory. The onion straws were perfect, and the barbecue sauce gave it a delicious flavor. I can't wait to come back again sometime.
3	Tough to get a table, and slow service, but the beer selection can't be beat.
5	Everything was great - wings, beer, grilled cheese, chicken sandwich and homemade chips!
5	By far the best place on Carson St.  The staff is friendly and cool.  Beer selection is great.  They have their own beer which is pretty darn good as well as craft beer from around the country.  The tuna taco is amazing.  Best I've ever had. This is the spot in this neighborhood.
3	Pretty good traditional American food. The menu is huge and so are the portions. The venue is large, clean, and has many TVs. The menu not only has a lot of options but also many unique names with funny descriptions. Many craft beer selections at about 6 dollars a drink, I purchased the HEFEWEIZEN, which was very delectable. The food was pretty par, not breathtaking but nothing was wrong with it, I had no complaints. The waiter could have been more attentive, as I had to get her attention... But she was very nice and good at taking specific order directions. I got the steak and egg minus pepperoni and mayo. My friend got the veggie burger. My friends burger looked delicious.Fatheads seemed very clean and food pumped out pretty fast.
4	This place is a sandwich Mecca!  Plus, their burgers are ginormous!  With a huge menu, great beer selection, and friendly service, this place is a force to be reckoned with on the South Side.  Did I mention the onion rings?  Just ridiculously good...While there probably will be a wait, it's totally worth it; as it's bar food at its best.  My pick: the South Side Slopes, as it's a sandwich unlike any other...and worth every super-high calorie bite (so good, you shouldn't even care). If you're in The Burgh and wanting some pub fare...look no further as this is your place...and you'll leave with a full belly craving a repeat visit.
2	Everything is over the top huge, and battered. Really greasy. I wouldn't go here again. Dissappointed.
4	Are you in the mood for a super-filling, American meal--or just some great munchies--and an excellent draft list?  Then head on over to Fat Heads, because they've got you covered--from head to toe!I came here with a friend for dinner on Thurs. evening at around 7pm, and we were seated immediately, despite that the Steelers were playing at 8pm.  Having perused the reviews and the extensive menu ahead of time, I knew what I wanted, and was able to make recommendations for my friend.  We started out with some Arsenal cider drafts (red raspberry for me, amber for him), which were great (I feel confident saying this for him, too, since he drank his in about 5 min. flat).  Per my recommendation, we ordered a pretzel with honey mustard sauce, and when it came out, we devoured it in 5 min. flat, as well.  (The pretzels and sauce here are much better and less salty than those at Hofbrauhaus, so be sure to try one!)For entrees, I went with the grown-up grilled cheese on rye and the chicken parmesan soup, and my friend ordered the Beauty and the Beastie headwich, which is filled with pulled pork and hot sauce.  The grilled cheese, which consists of herbed goat cheese, fontina, chopped basil, and sun-dried tomatoes, was excellent, and I'd highly recommend it as a headwich alternative.  The homemade potato chips that came with it are the best I've had to date--much better than the ones at Burgatory.  On the other hand, despite its interesting concept and description, I found the chicken parm soup lackluster in flavor. I had pictured a cream or broth-based soup, but it was actually tomato based, and its saltiness and tomato flavor overwhelmed the chicken, which there wasn't as much of as I expected.  I ended up using the potato chips to scoop up and eat most of the soup, which (believe it or not) helped cut its salty, bland flavor.  My friend devoured his headwich, leaving very little of the pulled pork, so again, I feel confident in saying he enjoyed it.  While I managed to clean my plates (impressing the waiter), he ended up taking home most of his chips.Service was prompt and friendly, and the ambience was casual and relaxed at the time we visited.  We sat inside because it was cool and I hadn't brought a jacket, but still managed to find some interesting people watching at the table diagonal from us (one chick with faux dreds was doing some interesting jamming to the music).  Since we arrived prior to the Steelers game, the Pens game was on TV for most of the time we were there, but at one point, one of the waitstaff inexplicably changed the channel on one TV to Home Shopping Network (per customer request, I'm assuming--but who watches HSN at Fat Heads?).Many times, in judging the quality of food that a restaurant serves, I feel that my rating hinges on what I order.  In general, I tend to stick to dishes a place is known for or that other reviewers recommend, in order to ensure that my experience is representative.  Occasionally, however, I will deviate if a restaurant has a very good reputation, which sometimes turns out well and other times, not so much. Based on the food and my experience, my rating for Fatheads would have merited 5 stars if I'd stuck to the recommended pretzel and grilled cheese. Nevertheless, in keeping with procedure, I feel that I must deduct half a star for the bland and salty chicken parm soup.  4.5 stars.
4	Place was packed on Thursday night for the Steelers game.  Unfortuately we had just eaten at Wingharts so I wasn't able to try any food at Fat Heads but the burgers looked huge.  Large selection of beer that I enjoyed trying even though I'm not a beer drinker.  Definitely would come back for the food if I return to Pittsburgh.
5	was really good, excellent beer selection, friendly service, my friend and we exhausted, got up to bar, order beers and wings(really good)... woman next to me suggested I order the voodoo burger, good choice if you like hot n spicey ... it was a flavorful and hot ... great hang out
5	great place to go with buddies on Carson st, provided the wait isn't too long.  the portions are massive even for me, and the extensive draft selection is great and they have several of their own brews on tap.  the environment is spacious and clean and the staff very friendly and attentive.
3	I know that Fat Heads seems like a place that would not live up to the hype around it but I assure you that it is extremely delicious. I went there last Sunday, having not gone in a while, and expecting it to be not as good as I had remembered. I was completely wrong.I love spicy food. So for me, the bay of pigs sandwich was a perfect choice. It is Fat Head's version of a cuban sandwich with ham, pulled pork, mustard and pickles. However, they switch it up by adding their killer hot sauce on there that has just the right amount of heat to make anyone develop just a little bit of sweat above the brow.Why only three stars? For starters, the wait staff has never been top notch. I have never gone into Fat Head's expecting good service. It is slow and the staff always seems to be overwhelmed. Also, only burgers come with fries. Everything else comes with chips. I love fresh, salty chips but the chips they give you are lacking any substantial seasoning.
4	Very simple, very clear. Awesome food. Awesome service. Lots of visits!
5	Great food, great beer... Definitely a must if you're new to/visiting Pittsburgh.
4	Big sandwiches. Lots of beer.  Open late.  Done.
5	Been here a couple of times during a weekend away in Pittsburgh.  Everything is excellent and the craft beer lineup is top class.
4	Awesome burgers and fries!
4	Sat at the bar with my coworkers. One of them had a hard time figuring out what she wanted to drink and they were very nice offering her sample.  Even after sample 5 they were still patient. Our food took a little long, we were starting to get impatient. When it did come mine was ice cold. I told the bartender but that I was going to eat it because I was starving. He took it anyway because he wanted me to have a good experience  and had me a new one in minutes. The food was great. We were all happy after they switched mine out. Will be back next year.
3	Fat Heads is a perfectly solid option. I don't spend a lot of time on the South Side, but whenever I do, Fat Heads is always a viable dinner option. Their portions are HUGE, their food is pretty good, and they always have their own Fat Heads brew on tap, which often includes the Bumbleberry, which if you haven't had it, I heartily recommend.Everything is pretty good, and because everything is consistent, it is normally PACKED inside, and the wait times can get a little long. This isn't really anything I can fault Fat Heads for, but it is something that is normally a factor in whether or not I end up going to Fat Heads.Solid bar food, pleasant atmosphere, nice beer selection. It's not a bad place to spend a dinner!
5	My all time favorite bar for food! There are 3million sandwich choices and all homemade sauces etc. Beer selection is huge and so are the sandwiches!
5	I'm from California, and I must say that the food is amazing thumbs up for the hot wings, burgers, everything. Pretty cool place to go for a beer with a group of friends. Loved it.
3	I like Fat Heads. I used to love it, but I just don't love the Southside anymore. What's good...pretty much any sandwich. Love the Bay of Pigs, any burger and Wanzco chicken sandwich. Salads are decent. Hand cut fries and chips. What I feel like is a real surprise are the pepperoni rolls. Really good! Soft pretzel is eh...fresh out of the freezer.Great beer selection and their brews are always pretty good. I usually try to drink one of the seasonal ones they are brewing.ALWAYS busy. ALWAYS. It's crowded and loud, but I expect that in there. Usually have good service as well.I like to go to the Southside in the afternoon...no one spilling out of the bars at that time. I just wish it didn't seem so Skid Row at night.
5	I've been eating there for over 17 years. The best sandwiches and wings in the city. The original steak & brisket sandwich are my 2 favorites.  Get a side of the honey mustard and put it on the steak sandwich, its money. And I love the mild wings. Also try the spicy onion rings.
2	Beers are good as were the wings, but the burgers were a BIG disappointment. Flavorless and uninteresting.  Portions were way too big--bordering on ridiculous.  Service was good.  Would go back for a beer and appetizer but that is it
4	Giant sandwiches and great beer, what's better than that? Although fat heads brewery is located in Ohio, fat heads in the south side is a pittsburgh must! Their menu is huge! Tons of unique "headwiches" (sandwiches literally as big as your head), burgers, appetizers and huge salads. Last time I went I tried their pepperoni roll appetizer. I have to say I wasn't super impressed with how large it was for the money it cost. The pepperoni roll was good but nothing special and not worth $9 when you can get a similar one at get go for a little over a dollar. I usually always get some sort of chicken sandwich. They are always delicious and packed with flavor. Another thing I am not a huge fan of though is the fact all chicken sandwiches and burgers come with their house made potato chips and it's an up charge if you want to switch your side. Personally I do not love their chips but also don't want to pay an additional $2 or so for fries or something else. Their salads are hugeeeee and come in a big bowl. I've had their chicken salad most recently and it was delicious. One thing I especially love about fat heads, is of course, their beer. You can find their six packs for a lot cheaper than what they sell in their store. My favorites are their seasonal spooky tooth (pumpkin delishisness), bumble berry (blueberry delishishness) and their head hunter IPA. They always have a ton of other awesome beers on draft as well! Great place to kick back, enjoy a giant sandwich or salad and have a beer!
4	I don't know if it was the company or the food, but I really enjoyed Fat Heads. I had been wanting to go for so long but no one would go with me! Maybe the name was a little off putting...Either way, I was enticed. They weren't kidding with the serving sizes, the fries were in a glorious deep bowl. I never got to the bottom. I'll get there one day.
5	I frequent Fat heads every chance I get.  The Southside slope and the retired Bender are two of my all time favorite sandwiches ever.
5	A wonderful fusion of craft beers and heart stopping sandwiches. If you're going prior to a Steelers game be prepared for an hour wait.I would highly recommend the Extreme Pastrami and house stout.
5	This place is always a good time, happy hour, dinner or late night drinks! The food has never failed to satisfy and the drinks are reasonable! The serving staff is overall pleasant, minus the occasional 'bad day' face. I try something different on the menu every time I go simply because it all sounds so good! And, I'm going to get slapped for this I'm  sure, the only minor thing i would suggest be altered slightly would be the tasty homemade potato chips. A majority of the time I've gotten them - they have been under seasoned and overly greasy in taste. I wouldn't mind a bit of salt and slightly less grease. Other than that, everything has always been perfect!
4	Fatheads is a MUST on our list when we visit Pitt.  It's disgustingly delicious and massively huge portions.  There's nothing healthy about a visit here, but who cares.  Their concoctions are fantastic.  I usually find myself having the Sweet MB and my son got the Chicken Little. My husband LOVES the massive beer selection.
4	I stopped by here this past Tuesday afternoon with my father for lunch.  I would say that I had been here about 20 or so times before but somehow my father, a native born Pittsburgher, never has.  We arrived at the restaurant in the midst of the lunch rush as was evident by the three takeout orders that people paid for in front of us.  Once the hostess took care of them we were seated in the dining room.  The inside of Fat Heads looks much like you would imagine a sports bar to look like with a number of TV's all over the place, a bar and then an area behind the bar where they have a list of beers that they have on draft (42 according to their website).For lunch I decided to have the mighty fine bovine headwich since I have never had that particular headwich before.  It consisted of smoked brisket, pastrami, swiss cheese, hot pepper kraut, onion, pickles and garlic-parm mayo all on a huge bun (the menu claims almost as big as your head and I believe it) that has two olives poked into it to make it look like eyes.  My headwich came with a side of homemade potato chips and ended up being really good as most of their sandwiches are.  I really enjoyed the brisket and pastrami and only wish there was a little more hot pepper kraut and mayo in order to make the sandwich a little less dry and a little spicier.  Even with my headwich being somewhat dry, I still really enjoyed it and my father told me that he enjoyed his steak and hot sausage sub as well.The bottom line for me is that I will head back here again in the future.  I absolutely love their sandwiches and next time I will hopefully not be on my lunch hour and so able to imbibe one of their many beers!
5	Oh my goodness, where do I even get started about Fat Heads? This is my all time favorite sandwich restaurant. Although the only thing I don't like is that you have to get chips instead of french fries. But that's not really something to complain about. Anyways, I have always gotten the Turkey Wrap and it has always tasted better every single time I've ordered it. Their food always tastes fresh and they put exactly the right amount of each ingredient in their sandwiches. I would recommend anyone to go to Fat Heads due to their amazing customer service and delicious sandwiches and wraps.
5	Never been to Pittsburgh before and stopped here. Boy am I glad I did! The voodoo burger is amazing, the char grilled BBQ wings are epic, the beefed up headwich is worth every cent, the fries are okay and the beer is some of the best I've ever had. This place single handedly made me love Pittsburgh and will see me coming back in the future. If there's one thing you could do in Pitt, ever, eat here.
5	Food was so good!! We all had something different and tried it all and none of us were disappointed. The best were the nachos!!... They were awesome!! Plus the beer selection was insanely good!! We left fat and happy!! :)
5	Awesome. One of the best IPAs I've ever had, and I've had a lot. Sandwiches are amazing and HUGE. Prices are more than reasonable for what you get. Good staff, knowledgable and attentive. When they say something is spicy, they mean it, but it's good as long as you can handle heat. Will make this a regular stop when I am in Pittsburgh.
4	Outside of the really long wait, it was all good.Service was pretty quick and the food was good.For the prices, I do not think you could get much better. The burger as a whole was as expected (a friend from there recommended it). The fries were good but not hot, maybe the only knock on the food that I have.Overall, could probaly find a better spot around Pittsburgh but I am 100% positive there could have been worse choices.
3	I have been here a couple of times and honestly I was never really impressed by this establishment despite the huge selection of beers, burgers and sandwiches. Certainly the burgers are a must-order here but they are so huge and heavy that I feel quiet uncomfortable for almost a day after eating them.  A lot of greasy food but I guess you should expect that when you come to Fat Heads.  It is definitely I nice spot though to get a beer (one of the many they have) and watch a sport's game, with good service!
5	Love this place! It is a must visit if you are ever in Pittsburgh! Great food, great atmosphere, great beer...what more could you ask for?! Wish we had a Fat Heads in Arizona!
5	Fat Heads is more of a Pittsburgh staple in my repertoire than anything else.Do they put fries on their sandwiches?... no.Has it been around forever?... no.Do they now produce their beer in the Cleveland area?... yes.Do rivers of IC Light flow from the taps on a daily basis?...  absolutely not.What does flow from Fat Heads taps is a glorious display of self-brewed staples and other craft treats...  all of which are needed to wash down the absolutely monstrous portion sizes this place has.  Dieters take warning... even the salads are gargantuan.Often wise size comes sacrificed quality, but this isn't the case.  I've yet to have something at Fat Heads I've disliked except for the incessant wait times.A tip to those who haven't been there before.  When you put your name in at the hostess (they don't take reservations), they'll ask for your phone number to enter it into their system.  If there aren't seats available at Fat Heads bar, take advantage of the often 45 min - 1 hr wait to walk across the street to Piper's Pub (or any of the other 10+ bars in close vicinity) to grab a drink while you wait.
