2	I'm not really a fan of this Wells Fargo location.  It's one of the closer ones to my house, but I usually only go here when I'm shopping or doing something in the area.  I'd much rather add a few more miles to my drive and go to the one over on W Trop.This branch bugs me because it's always so freaking busy!  I've had to wait up to 20 minutes just to do a simple window transaction.  I've never gone in here and been able to walk right up to the window without minutes of waiting.  And none of the employees are overly courteous or friendly.  Probably because they're always slammed with work and customers.  So unless it's a must, I take my banking needs to any of the other Wells Fargo locations in the SW part of town.
1	Beware! This Wells Fargo is a friendly location. However, the bank did credit $1000 in cash to the wrong account. I made a $1000 cash payment toward my personal credit card that was by some means attributed to another customer's account.This error required me to identify the problem, call customer service and ultimately go into the branch... TWICE! My Saturday morning was spent explaining the problem which was determined to be an error by the bank. After many apologies and a guaranteed resolution within 2 business days I left after being told that the branch manager would contact me on monday to provide an update.Two business days later I had not been contacted by the branch manager. It seems that Lilit Ovasapyan was unaware of the incident and the fact that her bank misplaced $1000 of a customer's money. I was given a different story and told that it would take 3 business days to correct the transaction.3 hours of time in the bank, several phone calls, and one week later I am still missing $1000. Again, be very careful with this branch. I recommend that it be avoided and that the staff be held accountable for egregious and personally destructive mistakes.
5	I've had some terrible experiences with banks in the past and when I relocated to Las Vegas I wasn't sure which to choose. But I'm really glad I did pick this branch, I have had to do a ton of things through this bank and everyone I have dealt with has gone above and beyond to help me. Rough location to get out of, Rainbow is usually a mess right there.
3	3 times in a row while using the drive thru ATM I got ripped or mangled bills. This last visit one of my bills was completely missing one half! Obviously they will compensate you for it, but come on this is such an hassle having to call them or come back! Put some good bills in the damn machine!
