1	I wish I had not hire them. The way they cut my grapefruit tree allowed the sun to kill it. Now I have a dead tree. Not worth the money.
5	Excellent service.  Extremely polite crew, timely and reasonable.  Removed 10-15 shrubs/ bushes and trees in perpetration for updated landscaping.  Cleaned up all areas,  replaced rock to the point you would never know a plant was there.  Couldn't be happier with the job they did.
5	I don't give that many 5-stars.  I'd give this company a 6!  Very friendly, fast and as others said, they cleaned up so well I really don't think anyone was here.  Took a big sissou down in one hour (including cleanup).  Wow!
1	Well.  They did a great job removing our tree - fast, efficient, affordable, and cleaned up well.  Would recommend from that perspective.  What I am NOT happy about is that when cutting down the tree a huge limb broke off a roof tile and caused minor damage to our sprinklers main valves.  Their son, who performed the work, said they would take care of it.  I had before and after pictures and promptly emailed the owner, Allison, later that day reporting the damage and asked how it would be remedy.  No response.  Called her and spoke with her and emailed the photos again.  No response.  Emailed through "contact us" directly on their website.  No response.  Emailed again.  No response.  Funny thing is they received my ORIGINAL emails with pictures of the tree. Long story short.  Yes, I was very happy with their work.  However, their follow up is not professional in the least and very disappointing.  So for a mere $3.50 fix for the roof tile, they are getting a bad review on Yelp.  The point is not the $3.50.  The point is that they damaged something, promised to fix it, and then completely ignored my requests to have it fixed.  Good thing I don't have any more trees to remove.
5	WOW!  That's all I can say!  I had a tree ready to crash through my kitchen window if we had one more windy night.  I didn't even have an appointment but they came by my house REALLY soon after I first left a message with them stating I had kind of an emergency.  Within an hour of initially calling they came by, quoted the tree removal (which was cheaper than all other companies), and the tree is now sitting safely on the ground!  The fun part of tearing out the roots begins tomorrow, but our house is safe from the tree falling on it tonight which is the important part.  Other companies either did not answer at all or gave me dates weeks away, but Aachen actually had the tree to the ground safely within an hour of contacting them.  AMAZING!  Thanks guys!Follow up:The tree is gone, roots are gone, and I can barely even tell there was a tree there or not (I guess they must have brought dirt to fill the hole).  They did an amazing job and were very punctual even when it was raining.  I called asking if they were going to come later in the day due to the rain after I got to work, but they were already done with the job.
