5	I tasted a few of Jewell Treats desserts and they were amazing.  I had the Oreo cookie pop and the strawberry cupcakes and both were delicious.  The Oreo cookie pop was rich in flavor.  The strawberry cupcake was very light and fluffy.  If you're in South Park Mall this is definitely a place to check out.
5	Yes. I go to SouthPark Mall just to get cupcakes.No, you will not judge me for this. You will read this review and enjoy these cupcakes.They're all natural and that's great and everything,but we all know it's about more than that.I have never had a cupcake here that I didn't fall in love with. (there was a cake pop that I'm on the fence about, but that's neither here nor there) They're always moist and the icing is never too sweet. They rotate flavors every day it seems like so you can try something new every time you stop by.My fave is the strawberry, it changed my life. They also have an espresso inspired one with a chocolate covered espresso bean on top and it's AMAZING.
5	Amazing locally owned business . stop by and check them out if you are in South Park...love them
4	I can't quite give this little spot 5 stars because it has to have a half star deducted for not having a store front and another half just for being a kiosk in the mall.  I don't care what anyone says, that is just a pain to have to go through southpark mall for a cupcake!  Keep in mind, this is coming from someone that drives 30 minutes to Fort Mill to go to Cupcrazed.  Anyway, beyond those "issues,"  I really did enjoy my cupcake from Jewell Treats.  That name is perfect because it really was a little jewel or gem of a treat!  The cupcakes are small so they are ideal for the dieter that has a sweet tooth.  They are relatively guilt-free because of their size and the fact that they are dairy free AND they use local, mostly organic ingredients.  You can truly taste the difference.  I have tried the cookies and cream and the strawberry and both were very good, rich in flavor.  I think the only negative is that it leaves you wanting more.  They are delecate cupcakes and the icing is made with almond milk so it is light and airy in texture and flavor.  Overall,These cupcakes are very good and well crafted.  They may not be the best option for the heavy-hitter dessert hogs.  This will likely leave you feeling a little unsatisfied.  It is like Edward and  the Cullens from Twilight.  Are they really ever satisfied with animal's blood?  No!  It can do the trick if you are in a pinch but you really need to get 3 or 4 of these cupcakes to be closer to satisfied and that will not likely be worth the $3 bucks a pop.
5	DELISH sweet treats!  The pretty baker is as nice as her cupcakes are sweet!  I enjoyed sampling some of the cupcakes and enjoyed a brief chat with her as well.  After the samples I HAD to buy some to take home!  If you are in South Park Mall don't miss the opportunity to stop by for a sweet treat!
5	This is the best cupcakes that I have ever had.  They are homemade and very moist. I bought a dozen and shared them with several other people.  Everyone was talking about how good they were. I recommend this to anyone that loves a good cupcake. Easy to get to if you go in one of the entrances and not thru a department store.  I got variety of different kinds of cupcakes and they all were GREAT.   I challenge anyone to try them.
5	While in Charlotte for work recently, I had to make a trip to the South Park Mall to get my computer repaired.  While on my way to the Apple store, the most beautiful cupcakes caught my eye.  They were Jewel Treats!  They are simply the best I've ever tasted!  I returned 2 more times during my week in Charlotte.  They are THAT GOOD!    They are handmade and the passion and love for baking comes through from the first to the very sad, last bite!  If ever in Charlotte, or if you live there, RUN, RUN as fast as you can to get some of these delicious treats.
4	After having a craving for cupcakes, I got on Yelp to see what my trusty yelpers voted good cupcakes. I ended up on the Jewell Treats site and my mouth started to water. I grab my keys and out the door I when. I figured this would be a in and out trip, but boy was I wrong. Jewell treats have a kiosk in one of South Park many aisle and it took me forever to find them. Finally after going down each one (and one aisle twice, because I was confused) I finally asked one of the other many kiosks in the mall where where they located. When I finally found them, I was sweating and quite tried, but I was not leaving that mall without those cupcakes. I am so happy that I didn't give up and drive and additional 10 min to another cupcake shop, because these cupcakes are addictive just likeDouglas C said when you get to the last bite you are sad to even eat it. I got 4 cupcakes and I ate them all in one hr because I could not stop. The reason for the 4 stars are because it took me so long to find them and they are between a mini and regular cupcake for $3 +tax a piece. But I will definitely will go back but I will still continue to look for delicious regular size cupcakes.
5	Best cupcakes ever. The strawberry is my favorite but they are all good:)
5	This is a little overdue, but definitely wanted to let you know about this place!  I LOVE cupcakes and am really picky when it comes to what I consider a good cupcake.  I haven't been impressed with any of the cupcake places in Charlotte so far.  So when my husband wanted to give me a few cupcakes on my birthday earlier this month, he went to Yelp to see if any place looked promising.  We found this place with the storefront in Uptown.  It was just after 5pm, but he called anyway just hoping they might still be open.  It turns out, they had just closed but she was still in the building so she went back to the store and opened for us!  I was so happy and so impressed with the level of customer service (thank you so much...you made my day!!!)!  And, what a wonderful treat those cupcakes were!  I love that these cupcakes are made without shortening or any other "bad for you" stuff.  The strawberry was my favorite!  We also tried the vanilla caramel and a chocolate one.  The chocolate cake was on the brownie texture side, but I still liked it and thought the flavor was great.  Each cake was moist and tasted delicious on its own.  The frosting is on the sweeter side, but still tastes great and is in just the right amount!  I will definitely visit this place again soon!!
5	I have a crazy sweet tooth but I'm also incredibly picky so when I first tasted these cupcakes I was absolutly amazed at how moist these cupcakes are!!! I've tried every cupcake joint in the queen city including the short lived cupcake trailer in uptown and these are by far hands down the best. The frosting is smooth and succulent and the cupcake just melts in your mouth with taste, not dry or hardened like store bought....try it, try it, TRY IT!!
