1	Not worth $60 a night.
2	I've NEVER seen a hotel room without a dresser! We're here in Vegas for 5 days, so obviously our two suitcases have a few clothes. Unfortunately, when they added the flat screen TV, on the wall (nice), they took away the TV/dresser. This is a handicap accessible room, and there is NO place to put away clothes. There wasn't even a table like in the room two doors down. So one suitcase is on the luggage rack, and the other one is on the safe. I guess now I'll have to check if a hotel room has a dresser. The only redeeming grace is that it's only costing us around $36 avg a night.
1	This place is a real dump. Glad I changed to the other Travelodge close to MGM rather than this one. The staff was friendly but the hotel is in dire need of an update or maybe a fire.  There are many better bu diet hotels for less money in town.
1	This hotel is horrible!What was I thinking. Stayed here with a discounted rate. Room was dirty, stains on the carpet. T.V. Lost reception and their Wi-fi was NEVER working and was always being "checked on by staff" front desk didn't care what you needed and when asked to see the manager she or he was conveniently not available . You have to check out an iron from the front desk just in case your azz can't afford a$5 iron from Walmart and you choose to steal there used one. No staff able to bring you anything. A bunch of kids at the pool, unsupervised and running. No fan in bathroom, shower door wouldnt close. No pool towels.My list goes on. I agree with other reviewers and this joint is in need of a total  demolition.
1	Where do I start? I'm writing this review as me and my friend are killing roaches. We called the front desk and someone from maintenance showed up with a can of Raid, you are going to need more than that for this infestation. Also, there is no dresser/closet. The nightstand is disgusting and has some sticky goop on it. The bed covers have cigarette burns on them. The floor is so dirty is leaves your feet black, so...shoes on at all times. The sink handle fell off. The told us the fridge and microwave were an additional $5 each for out entire stay, when the charge went through (which isn't supposed to until we check out) they over charged us by $25. There is no such thing as hot water, if there is, it's warm and lasts about 3 minutes. We have been woken up by god knows what in the room above us as you can hear every footstep. We have been here for 5 nights and we have gone to the "lobby" to get out room key to work about 6-7 times, when we asked the lady at the front desk to get us a new key because we were locked out of the room she said: "I'm in the middle of something, can you wait a few minutes?" ...um, this is unacceptable, as well as everything else. The breakfast consists of a couple of dried up bagels and coffee (if that's what you call it...) The "complimentary" wifi is non existent. Needless to say... We will not be staying here again, and trust me neither should you.
1	Dump.... I am writing this post I after I put suitcase on bed because I saw a big roach in the bathroom.
1	I stayed five nights found blood on my pillow! I used extension cord they called me at five am told me to bring it back or they will charge me! Dump!
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!I'm writing this as I sit, extremely grossed out in my hotel room here at the travelodge. We checked in on Monday evening where our room seemed fine enough for what we paid. Sure it isn't the cleanest but for $30 something dollars a night you can't be too picky. We unpacked everything that we had for our seven night stay, when we realized there was no key to our in room safe. We called the front desk and they offered to move us right then. We moved to a room two doors down and packed and unpacked all of our things yet again. The next day, we found a small cockroach in the bathroom and a few moments later, a very large cockroach climbing up the wall above our bed. We went down to the front desk to show them what we just came across and they didn't even bat an eye.... That was extremely disturbing to me, that both women working did not seem the least bit alarmed at the sight of two cockroaches found in their hotel!!! They offered us yet another room but we were on our way out to a pool party and we're already running late. So we moved to our third room later that evening. Packed up all of our things again and moved them all upstairs.. We got through the next day without a cockroach sighting in our new room, up until just now! I went into the bathroom and there was a giant one sitting on my tooth brush!!!!!! I would be leaving but it's an extremely busy weekend here in vegas and everything is either booked or too pricey! Each time I try to contact a manager about our ongoing issue, she 'isn't in'. Very disappointed in spending my vacation here, it has been a headache and a disaster. Save yourself the trouble and pick somewhere else!!! I've had a good experience at circus circus manor lodge which is not too much more expensive!!
1	Prostitutes, incompetent employees, roaches, dirty carpet, must I go on?! This place is a real dump and I will NEVER be staying here again! As I drove into the parking lot I noticed prostitutes and their johns walking in and out of the room. One prostitute walked into the lobby to check in as three guys waited for her in their truck. ALL three then walked into the room as I sat there waiting for check in time. I can't believe these Traveldoge employees would allow this unless they are getting a piece of the pie. When I finally walk in to check in, the incompetent Mexican ladies take my credit card and with a smug smile tells me, "You're card declined". I clearly knew this was bullshit and called my bank. While I was on the phone I told her that my bank said my credit card is in good standing and there was no sign of the merchant event trying to charge my card. After the 5th time of her swiping my card she asked some other lady why it wasn't working then the problem was solved. She didn't even explain what mistake she was doing or even apologize for wasting my time. As I walked into the room I noticed the bad smell and dirty carpets. Later that night I found 2 huge roaches just crawling on the carpet. Also, noisy drug dealers fighting with prostitutes at 6AM when I just crawled into bed from partying all night is not what I want to hear.
