4	Came here for a exhibition last year, this place has a roman Colosseum feel to it. It's huge first of all, which is it's biggest downfall, it's very easy to get lost. Maybe some better signposts around the building would get this up to a 5 star. If you are coming for conference, avoid the food inside if you're poor like me there is a great selection of cafes across the street. Worth going in for a look even if you are just passing.
3	This is a very pretty, new-feeling, well-kept, somewhat smallish conference center that has numerous rooms of different sizes, shapes, and purposes.  It's also an interesting setup, in the round for the ground floor and above.  The bottom floor has a large, high-ceilinged open hall, well-appointed with lights and rigging for numerous arrangements.  The ground floor has three good-sized conference rooms, which are decently sound-proofed from one another.  The second floor has several smaller rooms that overlook the ground floor lobby.  And the upper floor has three large auditoriums (or at least one "large" and two "medium"), all very pretty with grey fabric on the almost-too-comfortable plush seats contrasting with dark woods throughout.  There are plentiful, clean bathrooms as well . . . although I do want to mention that in the basement bathrooms, the blue light predominant over the toilets is pretty odd.
3	A great staff on hand. usual center layout...small for big events.
4	i've been a rather frequent visitor to the EICC in the month of August over the last few years.  thankfully, this is where the big name comedians choose to perform which although the ticket price is a bit more expensive i'm happy to pay it for comfy seats, proper leg room, and air conditioning!!this is a great venue for the fringe festival!  did i mention air conditioning???? something that most of the other venues lack and makes enjoying a show rather difficult while you're dying from heat exhaustion.  but in additional the air conditioning there are proper clean toilets, a well stocked bar, an orderly queue, and comfy cushiony seats to sit on during the show.  i also find the staff to be really friendly and helpful (especially when our fringe tickets just lost in the mail next year and they gave us a new pair at no extra cost using our receipt).  i've also seen some really great shows here!  ed byrne (twice now), jimmy carr, rhod gilbert (laughed til my face hurt!), jason manford, and a few others that i can't remember.  additionally i've attended the tesco wine fest one year which was held in the basement and found this also really well organised.  so clearly a great venue hosting loads of great events!  looking forward to my next visit :)
