4	I've been getting food from Chai Tip's for several years.   They delivered to the hospital the night my son was born and their delivery driver has become a regular at our house.   When given a substandard orange chicken (we ate it all anyways)  we called a week later and were given a free entree.   The family is great and we have no complaints.   While not high cuisine we really like the place.  We recommend it highly.
3	Chai Tip is a simple, Thai-Chinese restaurant that doesn't flaunt much at all.  Imagine the inside of a typical Roberto's Taco Shop or Caprioti's, and add a couple of Thailand posters.  That pretty much describes the inside decor.  There's a couple of tables spread around, plain white walls, and that's about it.  Chai Tip offers a lot of Chinese dishes, but the owners are Thai.  Since I'm not a big Chinese food person, I ordered the pad see ew with pork, and a Thai iced tea.  The Thai iced tea wasn't too bad at all.  I thought it was a little bit small, but wasn't too small to make me feel totally ripped off.The pad see ew had pork rib that was prepared similar to Chinese red-cooked pork, with the skin being red and a little sweetened.  I have actually since a similar style of pork at an authentic Thai restaurant served on the Thai (no English) menu, and the added flavor made the dish a little more interesting than usual.  The Chinese broccoli was just a little passed due, but I've had worse at LoS, so not docking any points here.  The only real complaint I had was that this dish was a little greasy for my liking.  Overall though, it had a good taste and I finished the entire dish.I wouldn't say that Chai Tip is a great restaurant for dining in, and its not a top quality Thai restaurant.  Its much more of a to-go restaurant than anything else.  I made some casual conversation with the cashier, and asked why they had so much Chinese on the menu.  In very broken English, she explained that for every Thai dish they sell, they sell three Chinese dishes.  I guess that answers that question.  You can't blame a business owner for trying to make ends meat.
4	I was visiting in LV and this came up on my GPS and was close.  It isn't the fanciest place, but compared to some of the small Thai restaurants I dined at in Thailand.... it was, and brought back memories....  The Thai restaurant in our small town has a green curry dish that I love, so does Chai Tips.  It was as tasty, but they use dark chicken meat, ours uses white meat, which I prefer.  I'll probably return if I get back in the area.  I also got to embarass myself with some of my much forgotten and broken Thai with the cashier.  Kinda fun!
1	Hmmm... All I can say about this place is... The food was ok.The building is ran down and easy to miss. Just an old beat up hole in the wall. The oredering process is slow. I walked in and stood at the counter for about five minutes before someone from the back decided to stop their conversation and come out to assist me. There was no bell to ring and I've yelled out twice.The main menu is small and is on the wall above the register and all it was is a few pictures of food taped to the wall as if the pics were ripped out of a magazine lol.I decided to just stick to something I'm use to eating so I ordered a plate of combination rice. Chicken, pork, and shrimp fried rice. After waiting about 12 minutes for my food to come up the cashier opened up my to go plate to show me that my order was correct but failed to realize that her thumb was in my rice! o_OI was a little upset and disgusted that my plate of $8 rice was fondled with. Besides that, the shrimp in the rice was raw and the pork wasn't nothing but red colored fat.Overall, I will never eat at this place ever again and my dog had an amazing lunch.
2	Wasn't impressed by the food here but the owners were very friendly. My bf got the red curry with shrimp and I got the chicken pad Thai along with some wontons. The wontons weren't very good and the dipping sauce looks weird. The pad thai was not very good. It's easily my favorite thai dish so I'm no stranger to the dish and this was a let down. The chicken tasted kind of questionable. On the other hand the red curry was very yummy. Inside is very plain, more of a takeout place. The prices were pretty typical for takeout.
5	Was recently in town on business and stopped by for lunch. Pad See Ewe Shrimp. It was amazing !!! Good portion size as well.  I liked the food so much I went back the next day and tried the Pad Thai - equally as good !!  I will definitely come back here on my next trip.
4	I love their Beef Salad and Tom Kha Gai! I live in Henderson but drive all the way to North Las Vegas for the great food and service.
5	It's just a small place but the food is big on flavor. I had the red curry chicken and it excited my expectations. My wife had the pad Thai and she thought it was as good as ant she had in Thailand. She was born and raised there so she knows real Thai flavors. The staff was super nice and very friendly.
4	Use to come here all the time when I was living in North las vegas. Food was ok back than,  so finally I was able to drop in for the first time in 6 years. There fried rice is still good and there fried chicken still tasted the same even after all this years. Even though chai tips is not world class there food in my opinion is still decent for a hole in the wall. I will definitely be back again if im ever in the neighborhood.
4	It doesn't look like much on the outside, or on the inside for that fact, but it makes up for that in food quality, price, and service. The price was typical for a small family owned restaurant. I got pineapple fried rice with shrimp for around $8.95, which is pretty good for a meal that includes shrimp. The food not only looked great but tasted great too. Some may say the quality of food isn't top notch, but I felt it was superb. Shrimp wasn't too shrimpy tasting, and ruce was some of the best I've ever had. Now the costumer service. We were greater with a warm smile by who I can only guess was one of the owners. She was very helpful in telling my mom which meals were spicy and which weren't. Finally upon leaving she stopped us on the way out to give us 2 extra bottles of water. Classy. I'd happily recommend this place to anyone in the area.
4	A very small Thai place that I've been going to for years now. You could miss it if you didn't know where it was. The little ol' Thai lady that mans the front is the best! I can barely understand a word she says but somehow we always know what each other is saying. She always gives us free drinks, free Thai tea refills. She's adorable! I revisited this place today, havent been here in ages. The renovated the menu. Looks a lot cleaner now. Today we ordered:Thai Beef Salad $8.25 -- this my usual in every Thai place I go to. I ordered it as a spicy level 5 & it got my mouth watering! I don't remember their spice level being so hot! Must be a good year for those peppers! Chicken Pad Thai $8.25 -- first time I had it here & it was ordered as a spicy level 10! & boy was that baby hot like the Sahara Desert! It was soooo good though until you got that after taste of the spiciness. It really kicks you in the mouth! The water couldn't even help my mouth. Lesson of the day-- don't order food too spicy where you won't be able to taste it. Other than that, the portions are pretty big for the price you pay for it. Can't beat that!
5	Chai Tips is a great Thai restaurant.  The food absolutely exceeded my expectations.  I tried the Pad Thai, Sesame Chicken, and Tom Yum.  All were fantastic!
5	Great Thai food, I will be back soon.
5	This is my only favorite Thai restaurant in North Las Vegas. We go here for lunch regularly.  We love their soups and salads.
4	I was tired of driving all the way to my favorite Thai restaurant off Maryland Parkway, so I decided to try this place on the North side of town. I was in search of Shrimp Pad Thai, and the reviews seemed pretty good.The Shrimp Pad Thai was very tasty, just what I imagined, but the dish definitely could have used more shrimp. I didn't taste any peanuts, next time I'll be sure to ask for some.Shrimp Fried Rice was very good and tasty; again not enough shrimp...maybe I'm just a shrimpaholic.Crab rangoon was good. Wonton Soup was delicious on that cold weekend!! I'll definitely be back for more!I spent $34 bucks, but it was a good $34 bucks! It's one of those tasty holes in the wall that you'd probably find on Triple D.... IJS!
