5	Awesome local bakery.     The chef/owner had another location just a little bit down the street that made fantastic pastries, chocolates, bread and more.   However he sold that business and went on to other things a few years ago.        I was very excited to walk into what I thought was a new corner bakery and see Gerald behind the counter.     He does a fantastic job producing delicious, mouth-watering pastries, he is also apparently  a top-notch chocolatier as well.     You really can't go wrong with anything in this place, there's something regardless of your craving but my recommendation is the poppyseed cake.   I'm Polish, in Poland, poppyseed cake is known as "makowiec" and yet Gerald makes it better than any single Polish bakery I've ever been to.     Its really fantastic, somewhat addictive and makes for a great holiday treat.  For anyone who is looking for a good local bakery that focuses on quality, makes outstanding pastries and chocolate and focuses on service, this is the place to go.      I used to be a very regular customer of Gerald's at his old bakery and I'm sure I'll be going to this one pretty regularly as well.
5	Chef Gerald comes up with some of the most fantastic tasting desserts to suit all palettes.    Everything from custom gourmet chocolates to fine pastries, Old-World style desserts and more.     My personal favorite is the poppyseed cake he makes, absolutely fantastic but there is a great deal else that is exceptional and I'm trying out as much as I can....as my waistline allows........this is a really great bakery that definitely deserves a visit!
5	I had the pleasure of meeting Gerald due to a business transaction. Luckily for me, I stopped by his shop to pick up some cabinetry and purchased some of his pastries. They were excellent and, shockingly, modestly priced. I will definitely be coming back to visit and to try some of his chocolates, next time.The shop and kitchen were clean, with items pleasantly presented. Gerald, himself, was very personable and is obviously proud of his business and his product. Highly recommended.
5	This "hidden gem" bakery and chocolate is the best I found so far in the valley!  Chef Gerald makes wonderful chocolate creations (he won the first prize at Glendale Chocolate Festival this year!) out of real Swiss chocolate. Chocolates all hadnmade and they taste heavenly! He also offers a wide variety of European/French pastries which and made fresh daily and taste just like I used to have back home in Europe and even better! My favorite so far is Opera and chocolate with toasted cinnamon apple filling. Absolutely delicious! Check out the website at www.azpastries.com, there is much, much more that chef has to offer!
5	I went last week to Le Napoleon on 35th and Greenway and had just absolutely delicious pumpkin cheesecake mousse icecream cones! What a innovative way to have a cheesecake, really?! Great idea for Thanksgiving, instead of pumpkin pie to have the cones! You can eat them frozen or at the room temperature - just devine! Store is great and inviting and Chef Gerald is great, friendly and funny! He makes the most amazing creations from chocolate and check out his cakes - WOW! www.azpastries.com check it out!
5	I didn't sit long on the Internet searching, because I knew exactly what i wanted. I wanted authentic Swiss chocolate. It was coming close on Valentine's Day and I would be soon leaving on a plane to go see my valentine. I needed to find this fast. I ran out during lunch to grab a a box to take with me to give to him as a surprise. I mean I can only try my best to excite someone who lives in NY and is Swiss, so I was really nervous as to what his impression was.Gerald was able to make me a 1lb box to take with. He took care with the look of the packing making sure to find a lid that looked great, sealed, and made note to me to take care of the outside as to not smudge the wonderful tin. Not only that, I ended up picking up an eclair and napoleon since I couldn't stand looking through the glass without taking something for me. I actually devoured the eclair while driving because it looked so good, and was easily the best in town.Long story short, my boyfriend loved and was impressed with the chocolate. He said Gerald obviously knew what he was doing because the textures and flavors were right on.Highly recommended if you want to impress the most extreme chocolate lover, yes even the Swiss.
5	My wife and I just got back from Paris and I was craving some Mille-Feuille (Napoleon). This place is relatively close to our house so we decided to try it. The pastries were very good.We made a large order later of macaroons and Napoleons. Though you need to give 2 days notice for larger orders, he had them ready for us the next day. He even gave me a sample of some other chocolates that he made. Gerald is a nice guy. He even called me later to thank me.
5	I am Romanian and I have been looking for this bakery for 2 years!!!I finally found it on a Romanian community website.I really think the location makes it difficult to get a lot of business so I hope my review can get more people to try it. I live in Chandler, but the 45 min-1 hour drive is totally worth it! I am going to explain what some of the pastries are in case you are not familiar with them.The bakery makes European pastries, especially French and Romanian ones, as well as Swiss chocolate. You can see awards from different local festivals and contests displayed on the walls. They have an extensive catalog of wedding, birthday cakes, cupcakes and other pastries. I think I know where I'm getting my wedding cake from!SERVICE: Best ever! I called on Friday to ask for Diplomat cake and Peaches. The owner told me he only sells Diplomat by the roll and that he does not have time to make Peaches for Saturday. Friday morning I get a voice mail message from him saying that he had 2 slices of Diplomat cake ready for me and that he also found the time to make me Peaches. WOW! Needless to say that alone impressed me.PRICE: For what you get and compared to other pastry prices in the US, they're rather low. I bought 6 gourmet pastries for a total of $13.26. TASTE: Authentic!!! I grew up eating most of these pastries, so I can attest that the Diplomat, Dobos and Peaches are exactly as I remember them back in Romania. They were fresh, tasty, made from scratch, with rum extract and real whipped cream. SOME PASTRIES you can find at Le Napoleon:- Diplomat - soft angel-food like roll filled with a refreshing custard cream and tiny pieces of fruit, topped with whipped cream. Perfect for the summer!- Dobos - thin layers of honey cake soaked in honey syrup with rum extract, filled with caramel/coffee butter cream and topped with caramel or chocolate. A little reach, but delicious!- Peaches - Similar to whoopie pies, but the outside cookies are crunchier, filled with a cocoa and rum extract butter cream. Oh, so good!- Carpati - thin layers of cake filled with cocoa butter cream, covered in dark chocolate.- Several pastries that are Petit-Four style, with hazelnut, cocoa, peach or other fruit filling, topped with whipped cream.- Tiramisu, Napoleon, Eclair, French Macaroons, Poppy seed and/or walnut rolls- Waffle cones filled with cheese cake covered in Swiss chocolate. Looked yummy!Check out the photos I added of Diplomat, Peaches, Dobos, and Hazelnut whipped cream pastry!I just want to say that I felt bad I couldn't buy more of the Peaches or Diplomat that I requested, after all he went to prepare them for me, but I was going to indulge all by myself, and my stomach can only hold so much...Thank you Le Napoleon! I will be back often.
5	This is by far the best bakery in the valley.  Chef Gerald is creative, easy to work with and his creations not only taste delicious, they are a pleasure for the eye as well.  The location is not the best but I hope that he finds a large and loyal following because this town has long needed a place where one can find "the real thing" as far as French pastries and Swiss chocolates are concerned.  Check it out, you will be very happy that you did!
5	Been here twice already and decided it was time to give this place the glowing review it deserves. First off, it is located in a ghetto/semi vacant strip mall. Once you get inside the store though, it is a simple looking bakery. There are many kinds of cakes and chocolates but I've been here mainly for the macaroons. I've also had a chance to try the peaches (look like the fruit but are like whoopie pies with some type of butter cream filling) and the cheesecake filled waffle cones. They are really good and I'd recommend them too. But back to the macaroons!The first time I went, I was helped by the owner who is a very enthusiastic man. He even gave us an extra macaroon on the house! The macaroons are stored back in the freezer but he let us know which flavors they had and we picked from there. The second time a female employee helped us out and again let us know which flavors they had. These are small macaroons, which only take about 2-3 bites to finish. I believe they are 1.65 each. Don't let the size fool you though. They are packed full of flavor. So far I've tried coffee, mint, raspberry, caramel, white chocolate, mango, vanilla, pistachio, and dark chocolate. Personal favorites are the raspberry, mango, and mint. Maybe next time I'll get around to trying the eclairs and other cakes they had but for sure the macaroons keep me coming back.
5	This place is sooo good. I love supporting local bakeries. I have only been once but loved everything I had. I got the French macaroons and am still thinking about them. I also ordered a cake for a baby shower. Everyone was like ugh I don't like cake but then they had this and were so surprised. They loved it. It was so light and refreshing. Also if you are looking for a great gift, get a box of chocolate.
5	This place is brilliant! We drove to Le Napoleon last weekend to sample what it had to offer. We bought at least six kinds of pastries, eclairs and napoleon. Every one of those flavors was out of this world! I've been in the U.S. for the last five years and have never tasted pastry so good. The cream is so light and not very sweet which is very important to us. Everything was just right. We drove from Old Town Scottsdale, so it was quite a drive. However, it was worth every minute. We will be driving there soon for more. Thank you, Gerald!
5	My family loves going to this shop to get treats. On one occasion we got there right before closing time and he was out of canollis and he made us some fresh in minutes . It has a very friendly environment with an excellent selection of baked goods.
5	Great little bakery hidden in a run down looking strip mall. Don't let the location fool you. This was my first visit, I was looking for some authentic macaroons and I made the right choice coming here. The owner greeted me and pointed to the list of flavors. I ordered blueberry, mango,raspberry and chocolate orange. They tasted fresh, I finished each piece in 2 bites! They were delicious and the price was great $1.50 a piece. I also discussed with the owner the different options of cakes for my daughters upcoming birthday. I will definitely be returning and and will be updating my review when I do!
5	It's kinda hard to find the place. But it's very delicious!! The peach cake is especially good!
5	Gerald and I met in an interesting way, I work for the IT company managing his computer. I went in to fix a printer issue and left with a few Rum Balls he had. They were the best Rum Balls I have ever had, sorry Nana.Everything I have tried from the cheesecake cones to the macaroons, have been amazing. He really is a great confectioner. If you are nearby, and have a sweet tooth, stop by. Even his prices are great!
5	AmaZing! You feel as if you are in France. Our first visit, a bit of a drive, but worth it. It's located in a small strip mall. I went solely for the macaroons. Amazing!! Light, crispy, so tasty. We had mango, blueberry, chocolate, caramel, almond (my fave) and pistachio (my other fave). I wish they would do a discount if you bought a dz. at 1.50 pretty pricey. We also bought 2 slices of "bar cake" German chocolate for the hubbs. And I had a peach mousse, absolutely delish, not too sweet. Since we are piggies, we bought 2 eclairs, I just had a bite, but it was a good bite, the cream was divine. Lastly my hubbs tried some chocolates. They were so beautifully handcrafted. I didn't get a taste of those. :( but he said they were absolutely delicious.  A must, the owner is very sweet and very helpful!
5	This place is amazing. They have a wonderful selection of pastries, cakes and chocolates. I ordered a fresh fruit and custard cake for a friend's birthday and everyone wanted to know where I got it. Needless to say I'll be a returning customer.
3	I really wanted to give this 5 stars. I think my hopes/expectations were too high. I ordered the macaroons.he told us to wait about 10min. Which was fine but They were frozen!! Not fresh. Not even room temperature.  But they did taste good.
5	Fantastic bakery!! We have gotten macaroons here so many times and they are always delicious.  The chocolate is to die for.  Where ever you are this is well worth your drive.
1	Complete and total disappointment. Started by waiting behind one lady who was ordering and it gave us plenty of time to browse... We wanted 1 of everything, it all looked that amazing. Unfortunately, that's where my happiness died.When it was finally our turn, the woman asked what we wanted, no hello, how are you, have you been here before, etc.. Ok, I said, "I found your business on Yelp and would like to know what items you would recommend or what are your biggest sellers?" The response was very lackluster and unenthusiastic. She said, "its personal preference." Ok, great, super helpful, thanks. When we asked what flavors were what in the case, she said "the flavors are all listed on a piece of paper on the front of the case..." Okay? So how can you tell which flavor is what? Unfortunately, I left my decoder ring at home because it clashed with my outfit. So in my last attempt I asked about the macaroons and which flavors are popular or sell quickly? ((Is this a difficult question? Honestly?)) I was told again "Its really personal preference."  Ok, I'm done. I Picked 4 flavors based on MY PERSONAL PREFERENCE and she disappeared into the back for 5 mins. Within that time one of the girls came from the back, with a freshly frosted cake that looked delicious, and said "oh, your still here?" Yep. Still here. I asked what kind of cake she just put in the case and she said "carrot, would you like a sample?" Sure that would be lovely, as we were STILL waiting for our macaroons. She brought us a sample and it was amazing! I don't even like carrot cake and it was that good! (This girl was very sweet & helpful, to bad she wasn't at the counter instead of frosting and baking)The lady finally reappeared and our total was 7.50 for 4 macaroons and a really bad taste in my mouth about the whole situation. The reason I went is because I'm planning a fairly large party (85ppl +)  and was thinking about using them for a cake and or pastries. With all the yelp reviews being so amazing I figured it would be fantastic. Clearly that isn't even a consideration after my experience. We honestly would have ordered one of everything if the service had been better. Customer service is everything in my book.
5	A Google-search for 'real' macaroons led us to this Yelp page. Though we live 30 minutes away, my wife and I drove there to check out it. The parking lot was sparse and many of the surrounding buildings in the plaza are gone. I worried maybe the place was no longer in business, but once I turned my head it was there for all to see. The chef/owner Gerald was at the counter and greeted us. We had a lot of questions and he patiently answered them all. He says likes to do things differently with his recipes, and that's not just talk. We tried a sesame-covered chocolate that he says was inspired by his time in the middle-east. A strange combination, I thought. So I tried it and it was amazing!I also tried many flavors of the macaroons. (Almond is my favorite so far).I don't like 'rich' or really sweet foods, so I don't have much of a sweet tooth for cakes and such. But his cakes looked amazing. He said his Creme Brule' is made with apples or with blueberries. Not sure how I feel about that, but I admire his ingenuity!The crime is that the place is so well hidden that not enough people know it exists. And too many Americans think a macaroon is a coconut flavored cookie in the shape of a swirl. You couldn't be more wrong!Prices were reasonable and I wanted to try everything!  But I exhibited some discipline so that I will have more new things to try on my next visit. Oh yes, there will be a next visit!
5	Chef Gerald makes the most delicious treats here! I love the European style cookies Florentines and Delices. They are so different from anything else that is sold in Phoenix bakeries! Check out the French macarons, the best in the state!
5	Yes yes - I am one of the hoards of people singing the praises and talents of Chef at Le Napoleon.  Here is my story:My mother and I planned a baby shower for my sister. It was to be LEGENDARY... and it was, of course.  We had to have the best.  Which we did think was Karl's Bakery.  Since their place has been under construction we were referred to La Napoleon.  I never thought about Macaroons for a baby shower and wholly epiphany!  Such beautiful colors and flavors.  Mom tracked the place down and had a sampling.  We were sold.  Ordered 52 pieces of macaroons, mini tortes and chocolate cream puffs.  The shower was this weekend and it was a huge hit!The location is hard to find but worth the search.  Don't give up!  On my visit, it was a Saturday afternoon and was surprised the pastry case was empty. No macaroons, only a few items.  I picked a little treat and was happy.  The price was reasonable, especially for the quality.  Though if I were to do it again, I would only get macaroons and not the tarts and puffs.  They don't keep well overnight.  Got a little soggy.  Still really good though.
5	I have to write an update to my previous post. After I wrote my review the owner contacted me and apologized for my experience. He explained the problems he had and that I wasn't the only customer upset by this ladies behavior. I decided to give it one more shot. We went the day before Thanksgiving and the difference was night and day. The young guy at the counter was so helpful in describing all the beautiful pastries. The owner came out and started to chit chat with us while we waited on our macaroons. After a few moments of small talk I told him that I was the one bad review he had on yelp (AWKWARD!). He was so polite and explained the issues they had going on and he was so thankful we gave the shop a second chance. He even remembered I was over charged on my previous visit and deducted it from our grand total. Each pastry is a work of art. You almost don't want to cut into them. I now understand why all my fellow Yelper's LOVE this place.
5	Everything I have tried is superior, however the French macaroons are one of the best indulgences you will enjoy from this bakery.  These bits of deliciousness are little puffs of heaven that melt on your tongue and dazzle your taste buds.  Each one is beautifully crafted and subtlety colored.  The flavors are delicate and masterfully created by Chef Gerald.  If you want a truly wonderful "sweet" experience you will want to visit this bakery!  It's worth the trip!
5	I've been visiting to this place several times already. I always had a good experience each time I visited. The 1st time I came to this place to buy macaroons for my best friend's birthday. She really loved it. I also bought some for me, the best macaroon I ever tasted in AZ. The 2nd time, I came back to place an order for a Buche de Noel cake. The price's so reasonable, everyone in my family love the taste of cake. It's a "wow" of the quality of the filling of the cake. The 3rd time, my fiance and I came to make an order a birthday cake for me but unfortunately, the owner was out of town on the date we wanted to pick up the date so he could not take our order. However, My fiance and I are planning to order our wedding cake from this place.
5	I stopped in at about 4PM on Valentine's Day to pick up some chocolates for my fiance. I was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't busy and that the store owner was waiting for me inside! He helped me pick out chocolates based on my fiance's tastes. He was kind and funny. I will definitely return - the chocolates were FANTASTIC!
5	I stopped in for chocolate eclairs yesterday around 3pm and they were already sold out. The chef was very friendly and explained that a customer had already bought the last few ones right before I stopped in. So I bought some macarons to go and a slice of chocolate cake. Cake was surprisingly good! The sponge cake portion was vanilla, and it had a chocolate glazing on the top with chocolate mousse icing in between the pieces. I think the mousse helped keep the cake moist and smooth which was probably why it was so good. I think overall it had the right amount of sweetness to it.The chocolate macaron was standard and good. The hazelnut macaron didn't seem to be as aromatic as I would have wished, I was expecting a stronger hazelnut flavor like nutella. The coffee macaron was also standard and good. And lastly, the caramel macaron wasn't as flavorful as I would have wished...but it was still not bad. I would be willing to try the other flavors next time I stop by. Hopefully they will have chocolate eclairs next time!
2	Bought some macaroons here they were alright not what I expected but it was my first time trying them I also expected more desserts but there was just a few
3	The macarons made me a bit sad. I tried lemon (my favorite), almond, chocolate, raspberry, mango, & strawberry. Tasted kinda fake, not really delicious, they didn't live up to the hype. Won't be going back. :(
5	I ordered forty macaroons for a baby shower last weekend and Le Napoleon was not only great to work with, but delivered beautifully decorated and outrageously delicious macaroons. Chef Gerald responded promptly to my inquiries and made sure I had everything I needed. He was also very flexible when the time of the shower changed last minute and I needed to pick up the forty caramel and hazelnut macaroons early. I definitely recommend working with Le Napoleon for events - and any time you need a dessert with "Wow" factor.
5	The macaroons were delicious they're the best I've had in Arizona thus far. But the true stars of the show are his delicious pastries. His Napoleon was exceptional with the right ratio of custard to puff pastry. The eclair was light and fluffy and his strawberry Swans were to die for. If you're looking for pastries in Scottsdale or Phoenix you have to go to this place, other bakeries do not compare! Not to mention his pricing is very low considering the great quality of his confections.
5	I got the 3 fruit and light custard cream cake and everyone that had it loved it!  The center filling of the cake is the fruit and custard and it's amazing!  I will definitely be calling again
5	After driving by this place on a daily basis and seeing the 5 star reviews, I decided I needed to stop there and try macaroons for the 1st time. Delish! I'm so glad I stopped. They were not only fresh and delicious, but the Chef was super kind and very helpful. I would highly recommend this place for some fresh macaroons or their other pastries.
5	Every time I come here I get something that not only tastes great but is beautiful as well! The macaroons are gorgeous and they are spot on for texture, size and flavour. I've ordered many different cake slices here, they have all been great!
5	I must start by saying that the French macarons were superb.The flavors were true and tasty.Them man behind it all is very friendly and takes pride in his delicate work.More people need to visit this shop to make it a success.
5	O no I have acquired another habit, The macaroons of Le napoleon , I love them. The location is a little hidden but noting a true foodie couldn't find and this place is well worth it. My favorite flavors that I tried were pistachio, raspberry, coconut, and lavender. I tried other flavors but I though it might be over kill so say they are all my favorite. The texture is light and airy and when I bite into one of these cookies I think this is what a cloud taste like. The chef here told me he had been making macrons for 44 years and it shows. People are born with many talents and his is to bake. I will be visiting here to try different desserts but if the delicacy, artfulness, and skill he posses all shine through in these cookies I don't think I can handle a cake or chocolate made with that level of skillfulness I would 400 pound. So to say this is a five star bakery would be a disgrace. Stop in for your self and taste the 10 star flavors.
5	Great place to buy macarons and cakes. Very inexpensive. The owner/chef is really nice too.
3	Their macaroons were okay. The first time i had them at a potluck they were really good. Thats the reason i decided  to go today and bought 3 diff flavors. I wasnt too happy about it. i think it was the texture of the cookie :/
5	We've never had macaroons before, so this was a mini culinary adventure. We tried six flavors: chocolate, mint, raspberry, mango, red velvet and coffee. Each macaroon is about the size of an oreo cookie, but is less dense, but much more heavenly and satisfying than something out of a bag. All of the cookies were consistent in size, shape and height. Many of you have had macaroons before, so this review is for those who are curious, like we were.We were expecting a denser "cookie" and a creme filling with a rougher texture. So, basically, we knew nothing about macaroons! :)Well, we were absolutely delighted with the airiness of the cookie, the lightness and the satisfying oh-so-light crunch of the cookie's exterior. There is a faint chew, which lends itself to the ganache in the center, which is not rough, nor is it too light. It was creamy perfection!The flavors taste like nature. There is no cloying sweetness, or "out of a box" manufactured flavors. I would assume that extracts are used, but they are wonderful with no heaviness. All of the flavors that we sampled are delicious, but it is worth noting the mint macaroon tastes of herbal mint, like something you'd pick right out of your garden. Bravo!At $1.50 each cookie is a special treat. We will definitely come here to buy treats for the holidays and special parties.We are thrilled to be able to say that the cookies, while gorgeous, actually taste even better than they look, if that is possible. :)
5	I've been to France twice and have eaten my fare share of macaroons and these macaroons are by far the most amazing ones I've tasted.
5	Delicious fresh bakery. Everything is made fresh every morning! It's fantastically delicious and not overly sweet. Cake is moist and has really good cream. Try to get here early since they go fast! :) He also make wonderful macaroons!!
5	I came to Phoenix from New Orleans to meet my parents for their birthdays; my parents are also from out of town. I didn't know where to get a birthday cake, but wanted something better than a grocery store cake. Dobosh cakes and Macaroons are big in NOLA, so I figured that the reviews on yelp for this place would lead me in the right direction- THEY DID!!!We ordered a small chocolate Dobosh cake and 4 flavors of macaroons, 5 of each flavor. The owner was very nice and helpful over the phone, he was very easy to work with, and made great suggestions for pairing. The price for 20 macaroons and a small Dobosh cake was about $50. You can't get better than that for a solid birthday desert for five people.Want really well done treats? Get your treats here!
2	I have to be honest about this review. As a Yelper, I need to consider the WHOLE experience, not just bits and pieces. The pastries were actually the epitome of perfection. The creme was smooth and silky, the dough was light and flaky, the portion was perfectly sized, the chocolate was creamy and beautifully flavored and the store itself was clean. Here is where it went down hill fast. The owner was the one who waited on us. He seemed to be bothered by our being there. He asked us quickly and almost under his breath if we wanted pastries or macaroons. His thick accent made it difficult to understand what he was asking. After we said "excuse me?" He got this bothered look on his face and asked us again. We were taken aback a bit and answered "pastries." This was out first time and we were unfamiliar with his bakery or really what we were looking at in the display case. He asked how many pieces we were going to order. In truth we were going to order quite a few since everything looked so good, but when I said I wasn't sure he said rather rudely, "Give me an idea, between 1 and 100." I said two, and we went about deciding what we wanted. This is where I was thinking this guy is rude. So my wife begins to ask what each item was in the case, (it was end of the day and there was only about 9 different choices) and he quickly and quietly rattled off everything we were looking at while vaguely pointing at each item. My wife asked for clarification on one item and he got snippy and said in a condescending tone  it was chocolate. If he was snippy or not is not what is important, it was his tone overall.  So we get the two items, pay, say thank you and we leave. Like I said, they were great tasting, but the owner was rude. It was like he didn't want to be there. If you don't want to be open until 6 then close at 5. This review is unfortunate since I really enjoyed my pastry, but I don't like being rushed when I enter your establishment. I felt unwanted and I will never frequent this place again.
5	It is best if you go with several people so you can try several different pies or cakes. A nice change from the normal dessert places. If you or someone you know likes chocolate this place is worth a try. Quality costs and they have quality chocolate. The staff is friendly and can guide you to the really good stuff.
