5	Gotta admit i was pleasantly surprised . All the girls were extremely friendly...no attitude at all. I played it safe and went with an iced mocha. On par with other coffee shops, but better prices. I also had a chance to try the "twisted redbull", which is mixed with some kind of syrup and a splash of OJ served on ice. That might be my go-to drink as we head into the summer months. Overall, price, originality, friendliness (even the owners) got them 5 stars. Definitely worth checking out.
2	The girls are cute the coffee is ehh.. They need to develop the flavors better the coffe I had "dulce de leche" was too bitter and my brothers coffee "White Mocha" was not sweet enough either but not as bitter the milk ratios are off as well .. I will be back hopefully it will improve ...
5	Kudos for bringing sunshine and great coffee from the big Wash!!!! Viva Snohomish!!!!Great location right across from Humble Pie & The Main Ingredient.6 blocks north of I-10 & 7th St. West side of the street.
5	So I heard about the place from some friends and I will admit I was skeptical. No need for any skepticism after today! I stopped in today and was greeted by 3 very friendly, smiling staff members. Great personality and service! I got a 24 oz. Mocha frappe, and it was delicious! It truly was a great frappe! Bikini beans is a fun business idea, and the employees truly are friendly and have great customer service! You can tell they are having fun and enjoy being there. Go by and try it. It definitely is NOT some sleazy, flakey place. Great service, great drink(the one I had :-)), fun atmosphere..I look forward to doing by again :-)
5	Yes, I am giving 5 stars to a coffee shop with a name and concept that sounds like a cheesy early '90s skinamax flick.  I could be embarrassed by how much I actually enjoyed Bikini Beans Espresso, but why should I be?  I didn't just like the place because I am a dirty nearly middle aged man.  I liked it because it excels at its concept and actually serves up a good cup of coffee as well.I stopped by Bikini Beans for a few reasons:1.  I wanted a caffeinated beverage.  Seriously; that's #1.2.  It wasn't that far out of my way.3.  But I probably would have gone out of my way because I wanted to be able to say that I bought a cup of coffee from a sex-presso shop at least once in my life.  We all need goals.Hey.  I'm 34 years old, married, and have a baby on the way.  Getting served coffee by an attractive young girl who's wearing a minimal amount of clothing is probably about as adventurous as I am going to get for a very long time.  The three baristas who were working Thursday afternoon were all lovely in every way.  If the coffee isn't enough of a pick-me-up, than at least they are.  The well placed drive-thru window is big, clear, and low allowing me to be a not-so-subtle perv.  It more-or-less forced me to check the girls out while they brewed the coffee.  The girls were also very personable.  They engaged me in small talk the whole time I was waiting for that my drink.  They even seemed like they were genuinely interested in what I was saying.  Asking me to try my drink and getting my opinion of it before I drove off was also a nice flirtatious touch.I guess you may be interested in what I thought about that drink.  I had a B Cup of Mocha Frappe.  Not only could I make a lot of dirty sounding similes about holding on to a creamy mocha b cup, but It was delicious.  At $4.25 for 16 ounces, the price is on par with any chain coffee shop.There's just some barely PG-13 t-and-a going on at Bikini Beans.  Nothing offensive or sleazy.  Just some easy on the eye girls wearing tight and tiny 2-pieces instead of aprons and polo shirts.  If you're near downtown Phoenix and in need of some coffee you may as well live a little and give this shop a try.  Bikini Beans is pretty much the same as Starbucks but a heck of a lot more fun.
4	Its a nice place my mocha frappe was delicious and my husband took and redbull twisted which is oG red bull and strawberry syrup he loved it very sweet for meBut the concept is cool and original will go back when I'm in the area,  but not a lot of sitting to chill.these only like three table but at least it's under the shade.The girls was super energetic and nice Give it a try its was fun!
3	It's purely a Novelty.  It's decent coffee and the service is great.  I could see it becoming a phenomenon, though, if they expanded the coffee menu as well as start serving some pastries.
5	First time there today they where friendly and fast and they have almond milk to make the drinks with big win o and the girls where cute.
4	Nice little coffee spot. I recommend getting the infused iced teas. Perfect for these hot summer days. -Quick service -All smiles -Good tasting drinks
3	Ok...Let's get this out of way right now!  Anyone who tells you that they go to this place cause they enjoy the coffee is a damn LIAR!!!  Is the coffee bad? No, it's not.  It's ok.  The iced chai I had was a bit too iced to the point of almost being frozen.  And the taste was kind of blah.  But did that bother me? Not at all.  The name of the place is called Bikini Beans Espresso.  Notice that coffee is the last thing mentioned in the business name.  I guess this place was all on the news when it opened, I had no clue.  My girlfriend mentioned it to me after we had breakfast. And being a guy, I couldn't even sugarcoat it and lie about wanting to go and try it out.  It was cool how the cup sizes for a drink are actual bra cup sizes.  A 16oz is a A cup, 24oz I believe is a B, so on and so forth.  I didn't know what to expect when we got to the window.  Perhaps some girls in respectable one piece bikinis.  To where they look nice enough to still be respected for earning a honest living as barista and not subjected to being sex objects.  HHEEELLLLLLOOOOO!!!  Man was I wrong! The girl leaned over in a tiny two piece bikini where the top didn't leave much to the imagination.  She was very easy on the eyes, they all were which I imagine you have to be if your working at a place like that.  She was very professional, nice and friendly.  After they took my order the girl told us to pull around to the other side of the building to pick up our order.  DOUBLE HHHHHHEEEELLLLLLOOOOO!!!!  Were greeted by a backside in bright green bikini bottom that again leaves little to the imagine.  As I'm with my girlfriend waiting for my coffee and trying not to stare at this girl who obviously must do squats in her sleep and every time she stops at a red light while driving.  She handed me my coffee and was very sweet.  That's when my girlfriend leaned over me and told the girl that she had a very nice a$$.  Imagine that! My girlfriend not me was the one who couldn't contain her excitement at the eye candy at Bikini Beans Espresso.Of course I will go again.  I see that they offer smoothies as well, so I would like to try one of those.  The place still needs quite a bit more improvement.  I swear it looked like they just had a blender in there and that's it. I'm not sure if the place will last though.  People are going for the novelty cause that's not normally something you see.  But if the coffee doesn't improve I could see people looking elsewhere for their coffee fix.  Unless of course your a high school kid.
3	Why not come here and have these gorgeous girls serve you coffee in their bikinis :) we went through the drive thru. The double D cup chai lattee is perfect. :) not too sweet. I like it.
5	5 stars haves down! It's always fun stopping through here. I enjoy the straight black coffee...the roast is a custom blend that Regina and her husband created. The frappes, lattes, are delicious. The twisted Red Bull drinks are unique and quite good. Love the protein shake as well. I'd be lying if I didn't say I loved the bikinis more!
5	This place is awesome. When I went the two girls working were 10's! They were both very friendly and one of them even gave my dog a treat! So my dog is also a huge fan of this establishment. Yes the prices are a lot higher than Starbucks. But the views, even if only for a few minutes, were well worth it. If your in the area you will not be disappointed by the coffee or the service.
3	After a long difficult day of broken AC fun, I decided I needed some caffeine... and why not add a new shop to the Coffee Tour of Phoenix! I have been to other lingerie coffee shops when I lived in Seattle and I think this place is pretty standard in comparison. The latte/nonfat latte was strong (so that was good), but a bit acidic (not so good). They use espressions beans (I think... saw the bag while there), which is a local roastery (props for that).  Overall, this place is like Starbucks except scantily clad ladies make your coffee... so clearly an improvement. Prices are the same as other coffee shops. Take home point: If you don't mind settling for 'ok' coffee and you're too cheap to go to a strip club, this is your place!PS Check out their FB page... they have pics of all of the baristas there... and apparently they have 'twerk for tips' Fridays complete with videos... fun times.
5	Great place to stop in for coffee.  Lively environment with very friendly baristas.  And the best part, the coffee/espresso is amazing!  Check this place out!
3	Lisa and Kay b were so nice!
1	Okay coffee. But I think people only go here to see girls in lingerie make coffee! Haha but if that's what people like!
5	Beautiful baristas and great coffee! I typically go with the Caramel latte...it blows away the caramel macchiato from Starbucks. They need more than one location!!
4	Twisted red bull gets me Everytime. When I'm in the area I stop by for a drink. Well worth it. The concept is dope. Half naked chicks add to the experience. Not too shabby. Lingerie Tuesday and twerk Fridays. Not bad. I don't drink coffee but 1st time I came I experienced the twisted red bull and it became my favorite. Girls are nice and not bad to look at while waiting for your drink.
2	The barista was nice. Made an effort to speak with me (in passenger seat) when my boyfriend was drooling out the window. ;) Wasn't a fan of the coffee, though.
5	I LOVE this place! The chai tea is better than Starbucks!! The girls here are always super friendly and try to remember their customers!  Give it a try you will love it!
5	Girls are friendly and beautiful.  The peach tea was refreshing with just enough sweetness and the prices were reasonable.  I will definitely return again!
3	Girls in Bikinis & Girls in Bikinis... oh and they sell me a cup of whatever. Yeah!
4	So this place has come a long way the girls are still great and the drinks are getting better. I'm loving the improvement and they have a white chocolate Oreo frozen coffee it's crazy good .. Also their red bull twisters are good and very strong !!
1	Being here is like the 7th circle of hell. I went for coffee a few days ago. Any my experience was awful. My friends told me not to try this place because of several reasons. Poor service, everything is dirty, my order wasn't right. Which makes sense if you have a man controlling and harassing girls all day. Why is this even a place? I give this zero stars. I had to put 1 to write this review. Do not go here. Starbucks and dutch bros are well worth the money compares to here.
5	Awesome girls and awesome drinks will be a repeat customer for sure. Worth coming from the other side of town.
5	This place is awesome! Every single time I come here the service is great the girls are friendly the drinks were delicious and the service is quick and speedy!The price compares well to places like Starbucks and Dutch Bros and in my opinion tastes way better!!Super excited for these guys to One day start spreading across town, because when that day comes I will officially stop drinking Starbucks. Check this place out Yelpers 5 STARS!!
5	Friendly girls in bikinis, or lingerie, making and serving you coffee and tea. Sounds perfect to me!  Recommended if you're in the area and want a drive-thru coffee.
5	I came here because a friend recommended it and it sounded interesting! Of course another friend of ours just wanted to see the half naked servers! But honestly.... The employees were extremely nice and concerned with my satisfaction of the drink made. I ordered a Java chip frappe, I thought it was more sweet than coffee tasting but did not want to tell them that it wasn't exactly what I'd prefer because I didn't think it was a bad drink. But the owner of the establishment overheard me and and was genuinely interested in my feedback. They also made me another drink based on what my feedback was and they made a great vanilla latte for me. I truly liked the service here. The music is great too! I would definitely come again!
4	Coffee and drinks are pretty good. Sometimes the coffee lacks a bit of flavor, but they are always willing to make it right before you leave. I've stopped by 3 or 4 times and have always been met with a smile and fast service.  I'll definitely keep coming back for the drinks and "smiles"
5	Kickin coffee at a kickass price. The women are beautiful, as expected, and the drive thru gives you man-shivers. Best part is: the customer service is skid without the ego! Humble, sexy, and caffeinated.. perfect way to start ANY day
5	This is the place for coffee in the city. Way better than Starbucks by far! And Dutch Bros.  If you want real coffee and not all the sugar hit this place.
