4	I envy people in this area for having a real nursery close by.  Gardening in the desert climate is a challenge.  The temperatures from late June through October can be stuck at over 100 degrees for weeks.  That will keep tomatoes and other fruiting vegetables from pollinating and will bake them to death, literally. In winter, it' can be so windy that men with toupees can lose their investment, and women with flowing skirts reveal their color of underwear.  It could get into below freezing temperatures, and even snow. The soil is very alkaline and lacking organic matter.  You have to know what works in a garden and what doesn't.  And if you don't know, you can ask the people here.  They do know their stuff.  They do landscaping as well, and have a huge property to display their large assortment of desert survivable plants, indoor plants, and lots of supplies and accessories.  It makes the box stores look small when it comes to gardening.  Watering is critical here, and most newer developments have automatic sprinkling systems, thankfully.  If you don't they have lots of hoses and you could put your own system in.  They have the stuff to do it. I bought and planted a Fuji apple tree two years ago and this year, and they have apples. Fertilizers and soil amendments needed are all there at Star.My only complaint is that sometimes, their plants sometimes don't look great.  That is to be expected at home, but not in a nursery.  Last year when I bought a landscape rose to put in my relative's home, they all had powdery mildew that could have been fixed. They have young girls at the registers that sometimes say "thank you" but sometimes just say, "Here you go"with your change.  You might also be bugged by the constant hordes of day laborers in the lot.  I don't blame them at all looking for work, but it does bug others including the cops that drive by here and they disperse them.  Still, I really like just to browse here when the weather is decent.
5	Is a fun place to go. They have a great custumer service. They answer any question you have and they have every sigle plant you are looking for. I reccomend this place to everybody. you would not regreted.Gardening in the desert climate
4	Very good overall selection of native plants for you home. Drought tolerant so they will survive the 110* summer heat.Just purchased a Dessert Pine for the front yard.  Good / Fair prices compared other other nurseries in the area.Staff is knowledgeable as well, just tell them that you want indigenous/native plants for your home. (So you don't have a massive water bill in the summer!)
3	I was a little disappointed in the lack of variety in plants. They had a lot of plants, but it seemed like just lots of the same things spread out. Prices looked pretty cheap for some of the little border types, but the bougainvilleas I wanted were more expensive than home depot and Lowes.It was hot as hell but there were still a bunch of guys hanging out by the road. A car stopped and they booked it over there, I've never seen them in action before. I was impressed.
3	Cooler than average.We live in a desert.  It's hot during the summer.  It's 90 degrees - at night.  People wither in heat like this and so do plants.  Lucky for us, we have places like Star Nursery.  I can't comment on the depth, breadth or pricing of their products, since I never window shop; I know what I want to buy or I come to ask why my trees are dying but the weeds are 6 feet tall.  The people here are friendly and seem to know what they're talking about (not that I'm a good judge, since my plants and grass never seem to last the season).  The best part about Star Nursery is that their building is clean and cool.  It feels like they use a swamp cooler, but hell, it's a LOT cooler than that other place down the street.  In the end, it's so much easier to ask questions or spend money when you're not melting.
4	This was my first time in a Nursery.  So, in terms of variety and price, I'm not quite sure on how people would rate that.  I'm just writing my experience at Star Nursery.As soon as we walked in, we were greeted.  I was looking to purchase a bucket of Arizona River Rocks.  It was very inexpensive!!!  Everyone was very helpful and directed me to the correct place.  I'm definitely a fan!  I'm looking forward to going there again when I start the projects for our backyard.  =)
4	I like this location betterthan boulder city location. Great deletion.  I wish they had more small size starter plants. Staff is very knowledgeable helpful and courteous.
5	I love this place only store I will shop at for my flowers and trees!
1	Ordered drip irrigation tablets and was told they would complete dissolve but after 1hr of running the system it was still in there had to flush the system to get the rest out before it clogged the drip system.  I only got 1 short reply to 4 emails and a phone call. Would not recommend.
4	I love this place. Experts all around and ready to help! I am getting supplies for some yucky lawn work I gave to do. I took off.one star only because I do not like the guys who wait outside going up to my car and wanting.daily labor from me. Im alone and it is weird.
3	Good location but please do something about all the day laborers standing outside. They line up the street!
5	I purchased 29 tons of landscape rock from this nursery last week. Their price was 30% lower than all the local competitor's prices for the rock I wanted and it was on-sale at below contractor cost, too! They delivered it exactly on-time and where I needed it dropped off. The delivery driver was very cooperative and friendly as was all the landscape rock office staff. My neighbors love how the rock looks. There were several staff at the nursery to help me pick out the rock and answer my questions. I was able to take samples for my wife to look at and help me decide which rock to choose. The quality of the rock is also good. It does not have as much "fine" material in it as is possible with this type of rock (1/2 inch) and appears that it will hold up well. I cannot comment on other aspects of the nursery, but if you need rock the rock yard and rock office there are the best place to shop in town!
2	Before you read anything else I say about Star Nursery, I encourage everyone to download the Amazon app on your phone and scan anything you see inside the building. If you don't need it right now, you can save money by buying elsewhere. Beyond the pricing Star Nursery has a lot of helpful info available on flyers inside the door that cover raising almost anything in the desert. If you have a broken pressure vacuum valve for your sprinkler system most likely they have what you need that the big box home improvement stores don't. But if you need help finding someone...or have a question, good luck pal, you're gonna need it. Help evaporates faster than the water they spray on the plants in the middle of a hot summer's day. Once you step outside and start looking at the live plants it looks impressive. But take a closer look. It's really a pretty pathetic selection of plants, about 90% of them are way overpriced (and don't tell me it's because they're picked to be suitable for the desert...I'm not buying that line). Some of their cactus choices were so overpriced that I busted out laughing. I could go on and on but why? I'll be back, it's not like I have a lot of choices in the valley to consider. But I'll go in knowing I'm most likely going to get screwed on price...I consider it a convenience fee for wanting it now vs. buying stuff elsewhere. And oh yes, we can't forget the day laborers. Be prepared to meet some of the pushiest, rudest people imaginable. NO means NO, get the hell out of in front of my vehicle please. 2 Stars. I'm sorry but I just don't like getting pricked on price for an excessively priced cactus, and overpaying for a sprinkler because I didn't check pricing until I got back to the car. (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #26)
4	I personally like this nursery. Yes the prices may seem a bit high that's why I usually check to see if the plant/tree is on special before I buy it. If I can't wait I just have to suck it up and buy it.There's another nursery nearby called Moon Valley Nursery but their about the same price, they don't sell 1 gallons and the kicker is that they don't guarantee their plants for a year like Star Nursery does. I brought this point up to a salesperson one time about that if they had a 1 year guarantee that would show that they stand behind their product along with competing with Star Nursery and he didn't have a response.I just returned a plant just yesterday no questions asked and received my refund. And for those that don't agree with me, what other nursery are you going to go in the city that has a good selection? Home Depot, Walmart? I don't think so.
3	Okay so we bought 6 plants here to plant in the backyard on a Sunday afternoon right before closing.  When I got home the next day and commenced planting them I got to the last one and it looked like someone had just clipped a twig off and jammed it in some soil.  It had no roots and was like a dummy plant.  I returned it to a different location and it was fine but I had to waste more of my time to do that.  They told me they were probably short on plants because it was the end of the weekend.  3 stars.
4	We come here every year for our Christmas tree.  For the type of tree that we like to get, it's still only $20 for a nice 6-7 foot tree.  This year the timing wasn't as good for us because the selection of trees wasn't as large as we are used too, but we still find a very fresh tree that will fit our needs perfectly.  We love that they give a large plastic wrap to put around the tree which is amazing to keep around for cleanup when the tree is dead after the holidays.  We can simply wrap the tree back up in the bag and not have to worry about spilling so many pine needles onto our carpet while we move it out of the house.  They always give us a fresh cut and will help you load the tree if needed.  I never really shop here for any other reason, but will continue to come here for my Christmas trees.
4	Star is the big chain nursery store in the valley. Do they have the best prices? No- sometimes common plants are cheaper at a Home Depot or Lowes, but the selection blows them out of the water. The staff is friendly, I asked the rental department several questions and they were extremely helpful, as well as an associate about artificial turf. There might be speciality nurseries with a bigger selection or lower prices, but Star is a good place to get your project started!
2	This was my first time at star nursery so I have nothing to compare it to. The guy at the cashier didn't know how to do math so he had to use a calculator for every transaction. He also didn't have enough money to give the lady in front of me change, so we had to wait for a manager to break a $20, she proceeded to take her time even though there was a huge line waiting. Not only did he chaired not know how to count money he didn't know how to speak it either. He told me my total was "one hundred sixty four" I questioned him and told him that didn't make sense it shouldn't be that much. He told me it was tax, I questioned him again and said $64 in tax?! He then showed me the total and it was $100.64 not $164 like he said at first. Thankfully I won't have to go back here anytime soon.
2	I dont know.This Star Nursery feels much bigger than the one that I usually go to....and it has a cute little turtle pond......But, I don't know.. something just felt lacking.Of course, there's always the guys who want jobs.I've never had a problem with them at other stores.But today was different. Being eye raped and talked about while I'm trying to put my daughter in her stroller does not make me want to buy cacti, or flowers, or vegetables. It makes me want to get back in my car and leave.Besides that.No one talked to us. No one smiled. Even when I went up to the "information desk" it was lacking. I asked about HollyHock, which grows really well out here. I asked if they sold plants or seeds.There was no clear answer. I was told that I could check the seeds, which were "over there, inside." The woman went on about how her HollyHock needed to be started. And that it's so easy to start.Uh, well, then hook it up. Don't make me jealous that you have HollyHock and I dont.I went "over there, inside" and did not find what I was looking for.They did have quite a few items on sale, but customer service and information is lacking.The turtles are cute and all, but I'd rather go to the one by my house with stray cats and be greeted with a smile.
5	IT'S WORTH THE HARD LABORWe decided that our front yard needed more plants, symmetry and color but not to bring too much attention. Spent an entire Friday afternoon selecting the 21 plants ranging from 15 to 3 gallons each, and getting them back to the house. Plus we purchased all sorts of Dr Q supplements to assure plant survival during the extreme hot summer. It took a total of  four people 16 man hours to dig the plant holes, bring a drip line to each of them and properly install the plants.I'm pleased to say all the plants have survived the 100 plus temperature.  Besides the good quality of the plants, the professional advice by staff was invaluable.  In the years to come, the enhanced landscaping will bring much pleasure and  greater value to our house.
4	My husband and I visit Star Nursery frequently for backyard improvements. We also used them for rock, flagstone, boulders, plants, trees, irrigation and lighting equipment for our front yard remodel. I love this store because the customer service is extraordinary. The employees take time and go the extra mile to help us, answer our questions, and even demonstrate. I've gone in with photos, ideas, and questions and I always leave with a clear understanding of my next steps. As far as plants go, their prices are excellent and the selection is vast. I gave my landscaper a list for our yard remodel and he came back with vibrant, beautiful plants from Star. They often have good sales on plants and other equipment so check their circular when you're looking for something particular! One star off because sometimes there is no one to be found at the information booth or anywhere on the floor. But when I do find someone I can be sure that I'm going to receive genuinely friendly and helpful service.
4	Great prices and variety. Kinda hot, go in the morning. Mostly outdoor plants. I bought some herbs and peppers along with .99 cent flowers! Couple cacti for my apartment all under $18! Could use more indoor plant varieties for apartment folks
5	I cannot commend this Star enough for putting up a fence to keep the rabid hoard of illegals off the lot. It doesn't work all the time, but at least they tried. THANK YOU Star for at least trying to protect your customers and keep them safe. You still have to drive through the mob to get in and out, but it's a start. Other businesses (like the U Hail on LV Blvd near Pebble) should also considering this action in an effort to protect customers from the danger of being bum rushed by a mob.
