2	Ordered the personal pizza.  disappointing. Then dough is cut from a larger, refrigerated ball.  It is then "massaged" into the size needed.  No throwing pizza to size.  Even for the larger pies, I didn't see the usual pizza toss.  Perhaps it's done in the back of the store?  Crust is a bit thicker on the personal pie than the regular NY pie.  Crust is bland and tasteless.  No spongy/crusty olive-oily flavors at all.  Tasted like pre-made cardboard. The base sauce is only average and has a canned, institutional flavor.  I'll give them more time to improve, but if this is the best they can do, the shop isn't going to last very long.
2	I debated on whether to give this a one star or a two star. I'm going with a two because I didn't get up and leave in the middle of my meal (but, I kinda wanted to!). I was pretty excited to see a coupon for this new restaurant show up in my mailbox, even though they weren't open yet. I'm all for a mom & pop authentic NY Italian restaurant opening up within reasonable distance of where I live. The fact that there isn't a decent one already is mind blowing. It's disappointing that there still ISN"T a decent one! My first experience was take-out. I ordered fettuccine alfredo with grilled chicken and broccoli. I asked if it came with bread, and they said yes (I'm a big fan of crusty Italian bread). I got home and can almost without a doubt confirm what a previous reviewer's suspicions were: they buy their sauce. If they don't, they need a new recipe, or a new cook, or better quality control. It was pasty and flavorless. My chicken was definitely not grilled, and the broccoli might have been steamed for all of 30 seconds. The bread it came with was a .5 inch slice of whatever they use for their hero's & sub's. Not heated, just wrapped in foil and kinda mushed up. This first experience was just a few days after their opening, so I'm inclined to give them the benefit of the doubt. I figured the REALLY lame wall decor (suggesting they use a sauce purveyor) was a temporary thing. I mean, the whole family was in there late at night, dad behind the counter, all the kids folding boxes, you can tell it's a family affair, and one that means a great deal to the owners. So I gave it another shot. This visit came well over a month into their existence. I visited during lunch hour, and it was dead, which isn't a great sign. Same cheesy decor. A young woman (girl, actually), was working behind the register, and the music piped into the restaurant was definitely her selection. I had to sit through the entire lunch listening to really really crappy teenage girl music. Not ok. We ordered sausage parmigiana subs and fries and sat down. It took a LOOONG time for the food to come out. Over 20 minutes. The only other customer had a slice of pizza, so it's not like they were slammed, plus they had 2 guys working the back. Our subs show up and after the first bite I knew it was all wrong. The sausage used was the shipped-frozen, pellet sized balls thrown on pizza. I really, honestly, couldn't believe it. What kind of restaurant can call itself an "authentic New York Italian Restaurant" and send out a sausage parmesan sub with little meat pellets? I could have gotten better at Subway, and I absolutely despise Subway. The flavor was relatively non-existent, the bread was blah, the consistency sucked. There's really nothing good I have to say. I will not be giving Mamma Theresa's the "3 strikes" courtesy. 2 strikes is really all they deserve. It's a shame too. I can't see them lasting until the fall at this rate!
2	Ordered the personal pizza.  disappointing. Then dough is cut from a larger, refrigerated ball.  It is then "massaged" into the size needed.  No throwing pizza to size.  Even for the larger pies, I didn't see the usual pizza toss.  Perhaps it's done in the back of the store?  Crust is a bit thicker on the personal pie than the regular NY pie.  Crust is bland and tasteless.  No spongy/crusty olive-oily flavors at all.  Tasted like pre-made cardboard. The base sauce is only average and has a canned, institutional flavor.  I'll give them more time to improve, but if this is the best they can do, the shop isn't going to last very long.UPDATE: I can't let John A's review go unchallenged.  I'm a local who loves NY pizza.  this isn't a "strategic" pan of a pizzeria.  mama Theresa's has a LONG way to go and using commissary provided canned drek as fresh ain't gonna cut it!  want good NY pizza?  try Luigi & Sons in Rock Hill on Cherry Road!  first Generation Neapolitans and a great family affair that has been serving the community for years!
2	Just OK. Kind of disappointing. John A. maybe has never had real NY Italian. If you've got an extra 10 min go out to Luigi's at Steele Creek. Now that is authentic NY.
1	Very average/ below average food and experience.  Would try some place else if you have the chance.... Had the sicilian pizza and was not overly impressed- it was a bit doughy (no flavor) and the sauce was "institutional" tasting.  Would only recommend in a pinch... if nothing else was open.  Staff was very nice!
1	Blah says it all. I doubt if this new place will be around for very long...
1	SEE UPDATES AT BOTTOM.       Ordered the personal pizza.  disappointing. Then dough is cut from a larger, refrigerated ball.  It is then "massaged" into the size needed.  No throwing pizza to size.  Even for the larger pies, I didn't see the usual pizza toss.  Perhaps it's done in the back of the store?  Crust is a bit thicker on the personal pie than the regular NY pie.  Crust is bland and tasteless.  No spongy/crusty olive-oily flavors at all.  Tasted like pre-made cardboard. The base sauce is only average and has a canned, institutional flavor.  I'll give them more time to improve, but if this is the best they can do, the shop isn't going to last very long.UPDATE: I can't let John A's review go unchallenged.  I'm a local who loves NY pizza.  this isn't a "strategic" pan of a pizzeria.  mama Theresa's has a LONG way to go and using commissary provided canned drek as fresh ain't gonna cut it!  want good NY pizza?  try Luigi & Sons in Rock Hill on Cherry Road!   UPDATE 19 Dec 2011:  MAMA THERESAs IS CLOSED!!   With the mediocre ingredients and sauces so good they tasted fresh from the can, I'm not at all surprised.
1	Seems like they closed up shop on Dec12' chairs were being put on tables at 5pm. Seems like the store is bad news for whoever rents it tho it's in a good spot. Best pizza for me is still Tonys in Ballantyne.
1	so i drove by there the other day. they closed. no surprise there, and no big loss. better luck next time.
