1	The club is great...IF you get in. The bouncer here is a effing asshole. Unless you're a girl, tall, thin, and look like a slut, you most probably won't get in. It's filled with guido juice heads or underaged kids that look 30. But I guess that's the only thing the guido bouncer can relate to. And he's rude. And has a small dick complex. Maybe he didn't get into Police Tech and is stuck being 40 and a bouncer?
2	This place is absolutely ridiculous. Don't get me wrong, I managed to have fun, once I could look past how disgusting and raunchy it is. Such a mess.Decently priced drinks, but depending on the bar tender a totally different pour. If you can laugh at yourself, you can have fun here. Dance along to the most absurd selection of music (I swear the DJ was bipolar) and spend half the night trying to avoid creeps. Lots of underage kids, lots of gross guys and girls wearing something that resembles more of a paper napkin than a shirt.No cover (at least for us, I think my friends friend was a bouncer). I'd never pay to go in here, but it was a pretty hot spot for a late Thursday night.
5	Hands down the best bar on the Main - ANY night of the week!If you love the Supremes, Madcon AND Bob Dylan - then this is the spot for you. The music is eclectic, the bartenders are chillax UNpretentious hipster types (a rare find in the M dot where pretentious hipsters run amok...*cough cough*...Baldwins...), and they'll even get up on the bar with you to share a quick swig of Jack's and slippery bar dance a la Red Rock NYC. You'll recognize a lot of faces if you're a local Italian, so do come by if you're the type who likes to run into old friends - but then, if you are, you've probably already been here. And have been coming here for years. Best Day of the Week: ThursdayBest Drink: Moonshine ("Girl" version is fruity; "Boy" version tastes like a Long Island Iced Tea). Most Frequently Played Song as of Late: "Rolling in the Deep"
3	B Sides is a unique bar on saint laurent.  When the weather is nice the terrase upstairs is a cool feature.  However, it gets packed and is sometimes even hard to move around the place.  As others have said it is a kind of hipster place.I have had fun times and not so fun times here before.  The music is so eclectic that you have to be from Mars or North Korea if you don't find one song that you like.The coat check is such a pain that one time it took me 1 hour to get my coat and I went down 45 min prior to closing the bar down!!!It is such a different scene than all the rest of saint laurent so it allows for variety in choosing where to go out.
3	Came here with a bunch of my Montreal friends. It was jam-packed, and had a huge hipster presence, but we had met a group of girls on our way there that were from Ontario, so we all just hung out with a bottle and had a blast while the music played.  It did start to get too crowded though, so we ended up leaving and going back to Frappe's.  While we were there though, it was a lot of fun, but some place that you need to establish a location in it in order not to get pushed out of the way.
4	Very nice place for clubbing, nice music, good drinks , not that big of a place but you will enjoy yourself to the max..
3	As a total newcomer to Montreal and its nightlife I had a good time here. It was nothing mind blowing. But most people were dancing, even though it was a narrow club with not much room. The dj was good. There were some cool drink specials. I think my favorite part was that they were letting girls dance on the bar top, which I've never seen before. Went with one 19 yr old and a few almost 30 yr olds and we all had a good time. They played a lot of classic goodies so everyone was happy. Would recommend for your average but good bar-ish club experience.
