1	We hired auto transport team to move our two cars from California to Texas. I contacted them months in advance to arrange the transportation and initially my feelings were positive. They were prompt in responding to emails and their prices and timetable were very competitive compared to the competition. However as our move day approached, they were unable to pin down a time for our pick up. We would be getting on a plane on Sunday morning to move to Texas, and as of Friday afternoon, they still did not know when our cars would be picked up. Finally, it became apparent that they would not be able to pick up our cars prior to our leaving, and it would be up to us to find a way to find a safe place to store the cars and to get the keys to the driver. Luckily the dealer where we bought our cars was willing to hold them for a few days free of charge on their back lot. Worse yet, the representative we had been working with was out of the office and no one at auto transport team was willing or able to help.When i called on monday to chew out the rep, he claimed that he did not know we were leaving town and acted as if it were my fault for the miscommunication (despite the entire email chain being preserved and re-sent to them). Worse yet, they made no effort to acknowledge the stress and inconvenience of their dropping the ball. We were then made to feel lucky that the cars would be delivered at all, nearly a week after they had initially been promised.I'm not sure if the problem was with the person I was working with or if the whole organization is not equipped to deal with individuals (i.e. not car dealerships), but I would advise anyone to consider looking elsewhere for their auto transport needs.
5	Moved my daughters car for college, great service
5	What an amazing crew to work with. I was shipping my car down for school and it was loaded up with school books, furniture, and clothes I needed to move into a new apartment. We didn't take into account that it was Labor Day weekend and we realized my car wouldn't make it down in time due to drivers taking time off for the holiday to be with their families. The team realized our dilemma and canceled personal plans in order to ensure that our car arrived before school started. I called them in the evening and my car came the next morning. The team was so nice, accommodating, and timely. We will always use this transport team!
