3	I was a walk-in and they helped me immediately, although I was the only person there on a Sunday afternoon. Nothing special, but they were friendly and inexpensive. I had just a manicure with the soak-off gel polish done.  They have a very limited selection of colors for the soak-off gel polish - however I found a color I liked and I am happy with the overall look of my nails.
4	this review us only for larry.I drive 30 miles out of the way to see him to get my pink and white nails done. he's super fast, and does am excellent job. I'm not spending 25 on a pedicure when i can get one in cali for half that price!however, I did have to put up with the "I don't want to be here today, so hurry up and get out of  my chair" attitude Larry had last time. boo to that!
1	Not so friendly..mediocre service
4	This place was recommended by my friend, Morgan H. :) I got a deluxe pedicure (french tips) and acrylics, which came to about $35 + $45 before tip. The pedicure was amazing, although the water in the tub started off somewhat chilly and my massage chair didn't work (but it appeared everyone else's did so I guess that was just bad luck on my part). As for the acrylics, I originally came in to get fills. However, as my acrylics done previously were pretty horrible I told them they could start over. So glad they did because they look and feel so wonderful now. Overall the place wins me over due to the attentive and friendly staff, as well as a job well done. Will definitely visit again. Thanks, CT!
4	I am a big fan of the services Phillip, Tony and Jennifer provide here. They are very accommodating and they take their time and do it right. Also, I think it's brilliant that they have a detailed pedicure services menu from which to make your choices.
5	Ct Nails is an AWESOME Nail Salon!! I walked in and didnt have to wait. The service was EXCELLENT! My feet hurt when I came in and now they feel GREAT!! I found my new home!! The massage chairs are so comfortable.. Come on down and you wont be disappointed!!
5	I randomly found myself staying at a hotel right near here, so I walked over for a pedicure. They had great colors, I didn't have to wait at all, and Yen did a fantastic job and was super friendly and nice, even though my feet hadn't seen a pumice stone in an embarrassingly long time. And it was really reasonably priced for a gel pedicure. If I find myself near again I'm definitely coming back!
5	This is such a great salon!! I only come to see Yen here. Every 2 weeks she does my nails and feet. They are reasonable and do a fabulous job.
5	Yen is professional, conscientious and very very pleasant. I have never had a pedicure before this. I am a man and I have to say that I greatly enjoyed the experience. I have calluses & ugly toes! Yen made them beautiful :-)  L.P.
4	Haven't been here since HS, new management. Best Manicure ever! I might have just found my new regular spot! Details to come!
5	Yen was amazing! I was able to get a great relaxing pedicure at a great price. Yen and her staff make you feel like a client not just a customer! She is very detailed and very nice. I will definitely be back and would highly recommend this place to anyone.
5	Another great gel Mani ;) Layca did an amazing job on my nails and this time I also had a pedicure.  I appreciate that she was able to accommodate me earlier than our scheduled appointment and took her time. I'm not sure about the previous reviewer but the owner, Yen,  is so sweet and friendly! Both Yen and Layco treat their customers very well. I've recently stumbled upon this salon and having gone to some of the more "popular" places in the area, I won't go anywhere else. The service and quality is definitely the best!
5	Loved this place! I called and they got me right in for my mani-pedi. The girls all spoke fluent English so no guess work for me. And I knew they weren't talking about me! LolThe place was clean and quiet. Ahhhh, how refreshing! My massage for my hands and feet were amazinggggg and so were my nails I'll definitely come back!
5	Found Yen extremely personable and professional. It's awkward for a guy to get a pedicure but she made it seem normal. Highly reccommend.
4	YES!  Brought my bestie here for a pedi, because he needed it - BAD.  The girls are awesome, they joke with you, don't act like you're bugging them just being there, and the place is clean and nice.  I will be back!
5	Just had a gel manicure with the lovely Layca, and she was outstanding! Great attention to detail, extremely friendly and warm and did not rush through the service at all. Highly recommend asking for her when visiting this salon. Bonus - there is a good sushi place, yogurt bar and a non-smoking pub in the same complex. :)
