5	while i was out in las vegas on a business trip for Roofing Convention i had got in a accident & damaged my rental car by hitting a pole i didnt see.  Steve @ dent master realy saved my life by getting the car repair to its original status and at a great and inexpensive rate also the time frame he completed the job was amazingly fast.thanks again steve i will recomend this auto body shop to anyone anytime
5	Here at DRC Powersports we recently crashed a vintage Vespa scooter and Steven from Dent Master Auto Body and Paint fixed it right up for us. Looks brand new and better than ever, also Steven did and amazing paint job on my own personal jeep... Two Thumbs Up for Dent Master and Steven!!!
5	Amazing! I took my Toyota to Steve hoping it wasn't going to cost an arm and a leg. Not only was the cost phenomenally the cheapest, but the work was excellent and fast! So glad I found this place. Definitely would recommend them.
3	Don't waste your time with these guys. They won't even call you back. I was ready to use these guys to repair my car after I was in a accident. Called them for an estimate and someone came out the same day, which was great. But because I wasn't going through my insurance. I quess them felt like I can't come up with the money or whatever the reason, these guys would refuse my phone calls. I have been trying to call them for almost a week and they just send my calls to voice mail. I know this because like I said. I been calling for a week and occasional will leave a message. I'm all about helping mom and pop shops. But the shops need to be helping me also. Show me that you care about me and I know you will take care of my car. In my opinion. These guys don't care.
5	Took my car to Steve at Dent Masters after getting two other estimates and checking reviews. Steve was able to fix my punctured front bumper and match my pearl paint job on my newer tl perfectly. Great service, price and work.
2	Took my car to Dent Masters after another car door slammed into my car door leaving two dents and broken paint.I was given a verbal quote that seemed really good so I took a chance without shopping around. Because of the broken paint, I was told that the door had to be repainted and that it would take two trips to get it finished: one for paint, and one for color sand and buffer.The dent was removed perfectly but the paint was far from perfect. After the color sand and buffer, the paint did not look anything like I was led to believe it would look like.I brought the car in two more times after the color sand and buffer to get it right, and even though it looked good after picking it up, the paint would look bad again after a couple hours of being parked.I took my car in today to a big name shop and was told that there is no clear coat on the door and now it needs to be repainted again. I'm now stuck with a rental car and paying another business to get it right the first time.Steve(whom I presumed to be the owner), seems like a really professional guy and tried to make it right, but I just couldn't handle taking my car in there again not knowing if it was going to come out right.
5	Bruce was great. He handled everything professionally and got the job done correctly. He has a positive can do attitude and is very trustworthy. I would highly recommend him. Thanks again Dent master!
