3	Definitely not what I expected. Flavors were great but was left some what hungry. Meal was messy and our waiter was kind of frazzled. Like he didn't know what he was doing or how to answer our questions. Not sure if we will come back.
3	Great food, but the waiters just killed it. Waited for 30 minutes for my fries because he forgot. My whole meal came before the fries
4	I went at 3 pm so maybe that's why the service was fine for me.I live in the area so I had been waiting for something to replace Nom Nom burger for a while.  When I saw the signs for Flaming Crawfish I though "woohoo, a new cajun restaurant."  Boy was I wrong.  I walked in expecting to get a shrimp po boy...I was presented with the lunch and dinner menus.  The dinner menu had some big $$ items on it and instead of figuring out what they were for I just stuck to the Lunch menu.  Since 3 pm is my lunch/dinner meal some days I decided I wanted a bowl of soup and a sandwich.  I ordered the soup and the server asked if I had it before.  Thinking it must be some esoteric thing with crazy ingredients or 12/10 on the heat scale so I said no.  She warned me that it is a big slimy.  I thought she just meant it was like a porridge so I said sure, sounds good.  She said if I knew what Udon is it's kind of like that.  I then asked for a bahn mi and I was told they weren't making them.  I didn't ask if she just meant right then since it was between meals or if she meant they weren't on the full menu yet, but I went with an appetizer instead and got calamari.The calamari arrived just one trip before the soup so practically at the same time.  The calamari was spicy but good.  The soup was ultimately an udon with a rice noodle.  It was quite good and I wouldn't call it slimy at all.  I actually already want to go back for more since I love noodle soup with fat noodles.There were only 2 tables occupied so service wasn't too bad.  I dropped my fork and had a replacement handed to me without having to flag anyone down.  My drink was refilled in a timely manner.  Their unsweetened iced tea had an interesting flavor that I can't quite put my finger on.  It still tasted like a black tea, but maybe just a different brand than I'm used to.So in conclusion: expect vietnamese seafood, NOT cajun and you should be OK.  Hopefully the service issues work themselves out, but the Nom Nom Burger was never a great place for service.  If I go back it will probably again be off peak.
1	Husband and I went for dinner, it was not busy and were seated right away. Sat there for 30 minutes and no one ever came to even get our drink order, we walked out!! Very limited menu. Would not recommend.
3	Flaming- seasoning is very good. But we waited over an hour and a half to get our food. Crawfish were huge but tasted a a little different, shrimp was very good. They ran out of banh canh and potatoes. :/ And the corn looked like it had been cut in fourths. The saving grace here was the MyTea, very good drinks, however they ran out of some fruit? I don't understand this because the fruit is canned... I would go back for the drinks but the food wasn't worth the wait. However it was a Saturday night...
4	Place took over from my beloved Nom Nom burger so I've been hesitant to come. But I'm glad I did! Also know I'm writing this review with the warp drive on my taste buds down....I've got a cold so the buds are firing on half thrusters. Ugggggg. But I'm writing this review anyway!Now I didn't try their crawfish....not sure I'm crazy about sucking brains out of a mud bug (reminds me of Starship Troopers!). So I ordered a "safe dish" called Shakin Beef. It came with a yummy veggie soup that had a lot of flavor....somewhat surprising given that's it's veggie based. The beef dish came out and I also was surprised to see thick chunks of beef vs the small thin cuts. Would they be tender I wondered? Simple answer: Yes! Si! Oui! Ya! Very tender and DELICIOUS! Great flavors and a brown garlic sauce with frsh red and green bell peppers and chunks of garlic.Bill came out to just over $11 and I got one of the most expensive items on the menu! Note that this place definitely has an Asian Flair...Example they've got a Bahn Mi sandwhich on the menu. Soup reminded me of a Pho.Overall I'm impressed! Didn't expect much. Most people around me got bags of the crawfish (yes they bring them out in large pladtic bags in sauce). So you mud bug lovers may love these.
3	Have been here twice- lunch and dinner. Dinner - it was a week after the opening on a Friday night. No designated hostess, and I had to ask what the wait was...without my name/party# recorded. I waited at the table right beside the cashier/hostess(?) table (after asking where I should wait). Another group of 8 comes in and gets seated right away. We were seated after making this complaint at 9pm and stayed until 11pm with the food coming at 10pm. Maybe it was the opening frazzle that had all the servers frantic and not knowing how to handle the expected busy turnout. I ordered a dozen raw oysters, clams, crawfish & blue crab. Was told they were out of oysters after waiting for 10-15 minutes and was asked if I wanted to cancel the order- yes since they ran out, right?! Excellent flavor but just too much sriracha(I think?) that left some parts of my hands burning the rest of the night. I got the next to hottest flavor (can't remember the name). Crawfish was alien-like, too big, too sharp and many of mine had thick strings of the poo or whatever it is...so I had to peel my crawfish instead of cracking. I give 1 star for this visit mainly because of service. Lunch - recently this week. Service was much better, as it was only a friend and me. Right off the bat, I was told that 3 lunch entrees were not available due to not having the main ingredients. I ordered the banh canh soup and half dozen raw oysters. I had to ask for a CLEAN spoon 3x, that was disturbing because I think they just kept washing the same one so I can only guess what other spoons could've looked like. Banh canh was good but too thick for me...I ate it all though! I give this visit 2 stars because cleanliness but better service. I hope they will make the needed improvements soon: professional service with properly greeting guests & less confusion, clean silverware, and importantly readily available ingredients for their menu...I have faith! Will probably return after the new year to be on the safe side.
5	Truly an original restaurant. It's not quite Vietnamese and it's not quite Cajun. I mean that not all the menu items are of one style or the other. It's a mix and they seem to make up their own recipes and make it from scratch here. The crawfish is very tasty. I like the boil mix they use. Typically Cajuns use Tony Chartarain's Louisiana crawfish boil. They have their own recipe and I like it!  Good sized crawfish, too. One was actually big enough for me to break open the claws for claw meat!I really like their milk tea selections. Not to be confused with bubble tea. Twenty years ago when bubble tea was new yo the US, when you found it, it was made from scratch, including boiling the tapioca pearls onsite. Now, it's garbage made from a selection of colored powders and they spoon in dehydrated pearls. Yuck. So tis milk tea is the same liquid base as bubble tea but without the pearls. And they don't have the 50 fruit varieties to add into it. It's back to basics. And then there is their vietnamese dessert drinks!  Yummy!  Again made with quality ingredients. I'll come back to try their vietnamese sandwiches, banh mi.
4	Delicious! Loved the banh mi, fat crawfish, and tender shrimp. The flamin' hot seasoning was on point. I'm deducting one star because the staff seems still unorganized.
1	We came for lunch during the week.  I specifically wanted crawfish but when we arrived they told us they were out?!  If "crawfish" is in your name, you should *never* be out of crawfish.The host handed us a lunch menu which consisted primarily of Vietnamese options.  We previously lived in N. Va and really missed having Vietnamese so we decided to stay.  We also made the assumption that if a seafood restaurant was offering Vietnamese during the day, it must be a specialty of someone in the kitchen or why bother! Right?We should have taken the 'no crawfish' as an omen and turned away b/c things just kept going down hill.Almost everything -- food and service -- was subpar. Here are a few examples:--I ordered the Crab Udon.  There were specks of crab and it definitely had crab flavor, but if you lead with the ingredient and you're a seafood restaurant, I would expect at least a few representative chunks!  Instead there were rectangular slabs that resembled a seafood version of spam. The broth was waaaayy over thickened with cornstarch so it had more of the consistency of a stew base than a soup.  I tried to eat a bit but started getting a headache pretty quickly. I suspect they use MSG and therefore abandoned the whole failed bowl of soup.--The appetizer of grilled clams came after our main courses.  If these had been good, I'd have written off the restaurant for Vietnamese, but come back for the seafood.  The clams had a nice smokey flavor but were overcooked.  I tried two, both of which I gnawed on for a while and then spit into my napkin. --Everyone was friendly but that's not enough.  E.g. I asked the waitress a  question about a dish on the menu and she giggled, shrugged and said, "I don't know."  I'd have accepted that if she'd made any attempt to find an answer to my question.  Nice woman but clearly was given no training.I left hungry and had to go find some lunch.  Fortunately there are a ton of very good restaurants in the area so I didn't have to drive far!
4	This place opened fairly recently but I've already went twice. It's got a cool vibe and is a great place to watch a game or chill with the family. It's hard to find good seafood in Charlotte but this place does it right. The flamin hot flavor is definitely the way to go. If you have a large party, don't pass up the combo deals. The mussels & shrimp are so huge and worth it! Can't wait till crawfish season is in full swing again.Also the milk teas and fruit drinks are the best--none of that knockoff boba stuff. I gotta come back to try the banh mi & Vietnamese desserts.
2	So much to say...Confusing menu. 1/2 is Cajun crawfish boil/seafood style and 1/2 is Asian flare.  Would be good for a "fun night out" large group but not for a casual dinner or lunch. Service was sub-par at best.  Plus waitress kept putting her fingers in our cups when she took to refill... Food wasn't half bad though... They got our orders wrong but again, food was decent. Not sure I'll return as nothing was "easy" at this place.  Oh, and the soda machine didn't work...
2	I can't say that I will go back again.  This place looks new, but the quality of the food is really not up to standard.  I order a "combination 2" that has crab legs, blue crab, mussels, crawfish, and shrimps, for total of $63.  The seafood is not very fresh, and you know it when you eat it.  I had to throw out a few mussels and a blue crab due to the texture turned bad.  Look, I don't expect I get fresh seafood like in an island, but with $63 dollars, I shouldn't have to throw away anything.  The source is ok, far from crab hub from SoCal, for those know what I am talking about.
4	Have had just about everything on the menu BUT the steamed bag of seafood. Banh mi, dessert drinks, cajun fries, banh canh just to name a few. Very good. Next, the bag.
4	I can totally see why people are confused when they walk in Flamin' Crawfish. The decor is definitely more Red Lobster/Joe's Crab Shack than Vietnamese...but the menu is all Vietnamese-inspired. This review is actually for the Banh Mi sandwiches available at their in-house MyTea counter (to further add to the confusion.) It's no Le's Sandwiches, but the proximity and lack of off-roading/zombie apocalypse definitely improves things.Ordered a grilled pork banh mi to-go at lunch time. Waited about 10 minutes, but they had toasted the roll which was a nice touch. Some bites of the pork was a little fatty, but otherwise it was a great sandwich. I liked the addition of thinly sliced cucumber, not something that you find everywhere.My husband was hoping for a shrimp po-boy (before I told him that Flamin' Crawfish WASN'T a Cajun restaurant), but after looking at their menu they really should offer one, because one of the appetizers is popcorn shrimp and the roll would be perfect.We'll probably be back for sandwiches again, but I think we'll save our crawfish eating for outdoor springtime boils.
2	Just not that good.  I got one of their 4.50 sandwiches.  Confusing vibe in the place.  Won't be back.
4	Interesting place that is serving Vietnamese and Cajun food.  Not sure how long they will be around (there was nobody but is there at 7PM on a Friday), but looks like a good spot for those craving some bubble tea, bang me, and bun in Montford area.  Girlfriend got a bubble tea drink with grass jelly and coconut that she really enjoyed, and I took some pictures and looked at the menu.  Will have to go back for food next time...
4	I stopped here for lunch one day base on some other feedback from a few friends. I had their pork bahn mi sandwich which was very good and fresh. I also tried their flamin' banh canh vietnamese crab udo. It was very good and refreshing. I will definitely go back there again for the bahn mi's sandwiches and to try out their seafood dinner menu.
5	This place has the best sandwiches in Charlotte.  I'm amazed it was not packed yesterday when my wife and I had lunch.It's hard to describe how good their sandwiches are so I won't try.  I highly recommend trying them out before all of Southpark finds out about this place and you can't find a seat.
