4	This supermarket is in Gorgie but insists on calling itself Sainsbury's Murrayfield. I use it at lunchtimes where all the fancy food has yellow discount labels on it. It's never busy and the shelves are always well stocked. There is a Foreign exchange desk, cafe and some sort of learning centre. I couldn't shop here all the time as its much pricier than ASDA. However the entertainment factor of the most audacious shoplifters can make it worth the trip
4	This is my local Salisbury's and where every Monday I do my weekly shop. It is a large store, but what bothers me as half the store is not food. This in my eyes defeats the purpose of a supermarket as surely they are food first and TVs second? Clearly it works for them but it does get annoying as choices are limited. The freezer section is very small which for a poor student means I have limited choices in frozen chips. I also find there is a lack of alternatives to brand names i.e. supermarket own brand. On some occasions I would much prefer to just buy the supermarket brand but because this shop has a limited selection of food I can't do this all the time. I do enjoy the "Oops!'' section though. As a first year and an Asda shopper, the Oops section was like finding gold. For those who aren't in the know, this is the reduced section. They always have reduced meat which is handy for throwing in the freezer. The staff here are very friendly and chatty which is a novelty for supermarket staff.
4	This is one of my local 'big stores'. It gets four stars for its range and it does have a fab gluten free section (and GF beer!) but Sainsbury just doesn't wow me the way it used to. I'm not sure what has happened. Watching Nigella or Delia and looking for that must have ingredient? Go here. Looking for rotisserie, bakery and fresh fish under one roof with free parking, head here. Want your beer tokens (sorry currency) for hollibags - pop in and get your milk and newspaper at the same time. Need a new tv in the sale - yep, sorted here and all with added Nectar points. There is a fair range of deals to be had but it does work out more expensive, than say going to Asda. Even given the choice and its proximity to chez moi, I only concede to shopping here once in a while now because I hate the queues. To avoid a rant, its always busy, there's never enough staff on till's, regardless of when I shop. The staff are all really nice, but when I've stood in yet another queue for what feels like half my life and I'm starving, I just want to get served and go. Hence I shop here less than I used to and prefer the little Scotmid who manage queues perfectly.
3	Well now, what can you say about a great big shop that has shelves in neat rows and a seemingly endless supply of both food and drink in a bewildering array of styles and flavours? It's a shop, a really big one - within a ten minute walk of five more such places, all with different branding over the door. The west of Edinburgh is well served by this kind of outlet, but then why wouldn't the multinationals work hard to attract the discerning customers or Gorgie?But there's the problem... when the Sainsbury's PA kicks in they describe themselves as 'Sainsbury's Murrayfield', as though that's going to sound better? Or more recognisable? Well, don't think I'm going to give them four stars if they don't care to acknowledge their EH11 roots.Oh, and there's dry cleaning concession in their too which has done a great job on my suits in the past. The customer toilets are well maintained too. It's a good shop, well run and friendly. Such a shame about the identity crisis.
3	As far as supermarkets and choice Sainsburys is fine. It offers a wide selection of food and some of it is pretty good. Their butcher isn't the greatest and its pretty annoying that some sainsburys carry different items than other ones. With that said, the fruit and vegetables are consistently good and of high quality. Some of the meat is pretty good too. The prices can vary but if you buy just what you need it can be pretty cheap compared to other stores offering similiar stuff.
