4	A new spa in South Park? This I had to see...I cashed in on their intro special of $49.99 for either a Swedish massage or a facial. Why not try both? Bonus, Living Social also had a deal for $35. I'm a huge fan of self-care. I tend to keep all my tension and stress in my shoulders and neck and the more I can get that worked out the better for everyone. I tried the place twice getting different massage therapists each time. The therapists do a good job and they encourage feedback. I also splurged and got my first facial. It was wonderful! My skin was glowing and soft. If you haven't had one, take them up on their intro offer and enjoy. The aesthetician was very nice.The environment itself was worth stopping in. Beautifully decorated, soft lighting, and there is plenty of seating in the waiting room. They have created a very soothing space for you to get your needed rest and relaxation treat. Like other chain spas, this one also has a membership option. However, they don't do a hard sell after your services. It's in a perfect location: next to Cowfish. You can make a fun day of shopping, eating, and pampering...do it. You won't be sorry.
3	How about some "bliss" at this beautiful spa that offers massage, facial and waxing services seven days a week. Hand and Stone Massage and Facial Spa in SouthPark includes an expanded list of massages from sports to reiki to swedish to refresh all clients. Beauty treatments include rejuvenating facials, eyebrow waxing and more. The new spa, staffed with licensed massage therapists and estheticians can create customized packages to match client's needs for both health and relaxation.
1	facility nice-- staff- minimal training is my guess. Worst massage I have every had-- mostly an oil application and therapist had B.O.Will not return
4	I stand corrected. After my initial bad visit-- they called me and asked me to return. I did so-- and met both owner and manager- very nice and had a wonderful massage by Cassandra.
5	I don't do a lot of reviews but I have to tell you what a great experience I had at the Sharon Road Hand & Stone.  I travel regularly and fly out of Charlotte on business.  My last trip was extended, the meetings went well but I was highly stressed. My back was tighter than a cable on an extension bridge and I was in pain.  My wife made a massage reservation for me at the Hand & Stone in South Park, a short drive from the airport.  I am telling you, I left there a different Man after having one of the BEST massages ever! They pampered me from the first Hello to Good Bye, I was so relaxed I almost poured myself back into my suit.  I am now an addict, and when I travel I always include a stop at this spa on my way home.  I have had massages in spas all over the world,  If you don't at least try the South Park Hand & Stone, you are doing yourself a disservice, this is a true Spa, the therapists that know their business and deliver.
3	This is an 'okay' spa. I was not impressed with the space or the massage rooms. It was very bland and average. My masseuse was kind and sweet and did a fair job. I was not happy that I could hear loud talking through the walls of my massage room. It ruined the experience for me.This massage was a birthday treat from my fiance and he had pre-paid. Upon check out I was asked to pay for the service which I did thinking my fiance had forgotten to pay. I immediately called him after I left and he HAD paid in full and added a tip. I went back in and the receptionist could not find his payment. Finally, another receptionist located the payment and I was refunded. My fiance was NOT happy that this happened. They did not apologize for the mix up - instead they offered me the autodraft package to get a massage every month. I would go here if you are looking for a monthly massage in a box. No frills. No spa like experience.
5	I came in today with my daughter and 2 of her friends. We were greeted by 2 very nice girls. They were both friendly and pleasant at check in and check out! Everyone said that their therapists were very good, but I can say that mine, David, was exceptional. I am visiting from out of town, but when I come for another visit, I will certainly visit this location again and definitely request David.
5	My husband and I were on vacation and decided to pamper ourselves a bit. We took advantage of their 49.95 hour massage special going on at the time. The entire staff was very friendly and the massages were excellent...probably the best I have ever had!
1	Schedule an appointment with William, he was great. Upon leaving a woman attempted to sell me a membership. Still not sure of the benefits. She would waive the 40.00 application fee ? Really excessive and not required a most places . Even with a membership the price of an 80 minute deep tissue massage is the same as the standard price at say a locally run spa.
3	Be aware that if/when you cancel your membership that you have 30 days to use your last package. They won't tell you this when you are standing right infront of them, but will not budge when you try to use your last package and have lost $60.Update: after this post the owner was nice enough to call me and discuss my experience.  He apologized and worked with me to get another appointment scheduled.
3	I have seen a few different therapists here and have been overall pleased with the service. I like the membership option because the massages are very reasonably priced, especially for the good quality. This place doesn't have some of the nice amenities of some spas but Id rather pay less and end up with the same quality of massage.
2	I'm a member of their Ballantyne location which is a phenomenal spa but I had a pretty bad experience here. I booked a massage apt and showed up right on time and even though I'm a member they still had me fill out paperwork but I guess that's because they're independently owned and I hadn't been here before. The massage therapist approached me and apologized saying there was a family emergency and she had to leave right away. I wasn't upset at that because things happen and you have to deal with it but I was surprised at how things were (not) handled after that. The manager was supposed to call me the next day to apologize and offer something as a condolence (I drove 20 miles just for this apt). She never called so I took time from work to call and I'm not even sure if she apologized, just said they're looking into what happened and would call me back. Over 2 weeks later I still have not heard back. Update- the manager has contacted me to apologize and discuss what happened and will mail me a gift certificate I can use anywhere.
1	I made an appointment by coming in earlier in the week and was given a confirmation card. The front desk personnel said they would confirm the next day. I didn't get a phone call the next day and so I called. They confirmed the time ....I'm waiting now as I do this review they are already 15 minutes behind schedule and I came in 15 minutes before my scheduled time to do paperwork. While I sit here they already told another couple to return and offers free services to them because their person was running late. Sigh I really wanted the massage and as I talk to the front desk person she is unsure how long the personnel will take therefore I must leave....it's been 25 minutes. I do not recommend! Charlotte has several great places don't be fooled by the location of this company being in South Park (which is typically reliable) they unfortunately aren't.
5	Who doesn't love to be pampered? I love coming here, it's very relaxing right from the time you enter the place. The front staff have always been very friendly and I've always had a relaxing massage. I ended up signing up for a membership because I liked it so much... Now I can't wait for my month to go by so I can get another massage.I highly recommend Allison, she is wonderful! I haven't tried the facials yet but will do that soon!
4	After my initial situation management contacted me and provided an outstanding service and apologized. They definitely went above and beyond. The facility was clean.
