1	This law firm is a mess. Staff wears sweats to work and they have no ethics or manners. A case that included 2 court appearances one 45 minutes and another 2 hours. Total charges around 25K. Office very unorganized and they kept on loosing documents I would provide them. Mr Willick does have a wealth of knowledge, but he does not handle most of the cases his staff does and with a firm this size he is not able to oversee all the cases. When ever I talked to him personally it seemed he didn't have a clue about my case. I would definitely not recommend this firm even, they definitely do not live up to their fame.
5	I have used The Willick Law Group on two occasions.  The entire staff was very friendly and professional.  Marshal Willick was great in the courtroom and in front of the Judge.  There was so much work to complete before heading to court. Marshal and his staff, especially Tisha did all the preparation for court.  Their hard work allowed me to get my divorce completed quickly. The Willick team not only provided great service and at a reasonable cost but also made me feel comfortable in the court environment.  I would recommend them to anyone.
4	My dealings with The Willick Law Group were spaced out over a year and was a very  stressful  experience for me due to the very nature of my case.  They were actually the 2nd law firm I had as the first one didn't do QDRO's but didn't refer me to them until after I'd obtained the judgment.  I don't think my case would have dragged on as long as it did had WLG been the original firm.  My attorney was Trevor Creel who was very easy to talk with and quite knowledgeable  and I have no complaints whatsoever.  Faith was also wonderful to deal with.  Marshall Willick was present at the last hearing and after seeing him in action was happy he was there.  My only complaint during the whole ordeal is not with WLG but rather the Judge who I thought was out of line on several occasions and kept dragging the case on and on.   I would not think twice about using them again and highly recommend them.
