5	Been here twice and highly recommend them.They take you in right away and are very helpful.  The docs take their time with you and explain everything as there's nothing I hate more than places that are in a hurry to kick you out.  Well-run office overall.
4	My first impression of Parkway Medical was that the front office wasn't all that fancy and I had a couple run ins with some rude receptionists (and one run in with a horrible PA). But, after a year or so I found the doctor that is right for me, and I feel very comfortable with Parkway Medical. What is great is that they have excellent hours, I love my doctor (Dr. Jennifer McMahon) and there actually are some nice receptionists that work there. You can check out their site and read bios on all their doctors as well. Also, they have great Urgent Care hours - so you can go to the same place for your primary doctor as you do for urgent care.
5	Five stars for you, Parkway Medical! You go Parkway Medical!Honestly, I get sick / injured all the time, and it seems like Parkway is the only place I can count on that won't leave me waiting forever in a waiting room. Dr. Jane MacDonald is the best. Also, the location is great for me since I live in that whole area. No complaints here!I would have typed this review earlier, but a terrible biking accident handicapped my left hand, but that's a whole 'nother story. :)
5	This is great medical office. The front office staff is friendly and professional. I have seen a few of the doctors and 1 of the PAs. All were very good. I like the flexibility of the hours and of being able to call and get a same day appointment. I have even taken my 3 yr old there because they provided the extended hours and we were able to avoid an ER visit. He was given excellent care.
4	I like that I can get in nearly whenever I need to. What I dont like is that I hardly ever see the same person because of it. All in all, this place takes good care of me and I have a hard time going anywhere else because of it.
5	Faster than getting a burger at In-N-Out!  They got me an after-hours appointment too, so I didn't have to miss work.  Quick and seamless ... my doctor was extremely accommodating, and the staff was energetic and smiley.  This *will* be my doctor's office as long as I live in Phoenix.
1	Front office staff is the reason why I'm changing doctors.  First off one of staff is so starved for attention she needed to comment the bill would be $5 more dollars because it was her birthday.  Office staff has coded things wrong and screwed up my bill so it cost more.  They did fix it after the fact but a few days later I got a bill because it wasn't fixed right. Front office staff had me down for a hep test when I was getting a TB test.  On a visit I asked for the billing copy and neither front desk people knew what I was talking about.  Front office staff has been the deciding factor for me in this choice.  I wish I could say it was the Doctor but it wasn't.  Doctors are good but office staff is very lacking.  Since Abrazo took it over it's been sub par at best.  Dr. McMahon and Dr. McDonald are no longer there.
5	I've been going to Dr. Nunnelly for a few years now. The office has always been excellently run as well as the staff extremely efficient and friendly. I love the fact that I can get bloodwork and other stuff done there right on site. In addition to being a dr office, it's also an Urgent Care so I can always get in. Dr Nunnelly has always been right on target with her diagnosis' and resolutions. She found my lack of Vitamin D when no previous doctor had even thought to look! I always refer family and friends to this office!
4	I have been coming to Parkway Medical for the last seven years and have never had a bad experience. I usually go to Dr. Saunders or Dr. O'Connor -- everyone at this office is great. The waiting area is clean and spacious, the front desk associates are friendly and professional and you can usually get in same-day if your case is urgent. Also, I love that they're open on Saturdays, providing a better alternative to a CVS Minute Clinic or an Urgent Care.
1	My wife had a physical in September with Dr. Janis Saunders. She is the worst Doctor that we have ever encountered. She was rude, crass, and has no customer service skills or patient skills. Get this - after she measured my wife's waist she said to my wife "that's big, you carry all your weight in your waist". What a rude thing to say to a patient!! There are many other ways to convey this to a patient, like, oh you've gained some weight, we need to work on that, has your diet changed? Something like that. She said other stupid things like when my wife said it was hot in the examination room she said "oh yeah that's for me, I'm always cold so I keep it hot in here". OMG doesn't the patient's comfort come first?! She also stayed in the room after my wife had her pap smear and my wife had to get dressed with her still in the room! No privacy! No feelings!  Needless to say we are changing doctors and will not be returning to Parkway Medical.
