5	On-the-go fresh pressed juice with the friendliest staff at the Biltmore fashion park! Perfection!
3	I came here for the first time a couple of nights ago after seeing this place on Yelp and I love trying new things. I can first of all say it is very hard to find. I had to drive around Biltmore just to see the small sign underneath a larger sign and finally found it. It is pretty small inside but is connected to something else. The prices are a little high but I wasn't really surprised because it is a juicing place. I decided to get the Swimmer Acai bowl. I'm giving this place only 3/5 stars for 3 reasons. The service was VERY slow. I had to wait a good 10 minutes just for the girl to make my acai bowl which turned out to be really small for how much I paid for it. Two, I asked the girl if there was anywhere else to sit besides outside and she said she didn't know.. Um okay you would think if you work here you would at least know where other seating is. And third because by the time my food was done and I sat outside my acai bowl already had melted! Are you kidding me?! I have gotten acai bowls from other places and have driven home 35 minutes and they did not melt at all. In a matter of 5 minutes it melted to literal soup. If i'm paying $6 for a acai bowl I expect it to not melt right away. I tried it once but I will not be coming back here.
1	I've been here twice. The first time it was amazing, the second time I bought a bottle that was supposed to be good until tomorrow. Drank it this morning and have been extremely sick all day. Although it seems like a great place I would be weary to try it again.
5	Took my kids here today we tried a few of the parfaits we tried the runner And 2 other ones strawberry coconut I had the digest drink and was very good the kids loved it very clean place. I told the kids the parfaits were ice cream they didn't know the difference. We will be back.
2	My least favorite juice place of all the ones I visit every week.  I might have had a similar experience as Megan A.  My beet juice was supposed to be good until 3-13.  I bought it the night of 3-12, I was not thrilled to get something that was about to expire, but I wanted to taste a few.  I bought 3 different flavors.  I didn't care for any of them.  The flavors are not that great.  It is also as pricey as my 100% organic juices and these are not 100% organic.   I only stopped by because they were still open and I wanted to juice the following day.  I don't think I will be coming back, when I have other options that are fully organic and have better flavor.
4	Juices, smoothies, and acai bowls can be enjoyed here, the most nutritious and healthy way to get the day started.Four different featured made to order juices such as "digest, cleanse, energize, and detoxify ( of which I love the "cleanse", made with apple, kale, mint, pineapple, and spinach) are available at 16oz for $6.5, 24oz for $8.5. Cold pressed 16oz juices are bottled and ready to go at $9.5 and cover all bodily needs from recovery to strengthening to flushing out impurities (think cayenne, lemon, turmeric)Acai bowls are also available here for $5.5 for small and large for $7.5.  The "cyclist" is my go-to as it is the sweetest with dates, peanut butter, almond granola, cacao and banana.Having frequented whole foods and various other juicing locations, I do love this one for the more sweeter combinations, and the expediency with which my order arrives in my waiting hands. I love their variety of cold pressed juices targeted towards specific nutritional needs and actually love coming her for breakfast :)
4	I was pretty excited to find this place at the Biltmore. I find myself stopping in regularly for both fresh pressed juices as well as their bottled items.  I've been there when the owner is around and he is so enthusiastic and passionate about his business that it makes it a pleasure to support. The only prevention from 5 stars is that the rest of the staff  (outside the owner) are hit or miss. Sometimes they're really friendly and welcoming giving lots of information and suggestions as well as offering samples.  Other days they barely acknowledge customers.
4	I always like to find a juice place as soon as I get somewhere new.There isn't a huge selection of juices here but the thing that really sold me on these guys is how good their acai bowls are. Everything is just SUPER fresh and tasty, it actually feels good going down and you can change up the toppings too! I haven't tried the cold pressed juices here yet but the fresh juices are great too!
3	I didn't think I would ever go to one of these juice places because they are SO expensive, but my curiosity got the better of me. Everything here was very good and the owner was accommodating, but it had a sterile feel to it and he said they would be opening ten (10!)  more locations in the next year...that seemed a little creepy, taking over the world -y, to me. We had the fresh made juice (cleanse) that had kale, pineapple, and spinach in it...probably other things too, and it was very tasty. Despite this, it wasn't worth the ridiculous price tag of 7$. I make smoothies every morning and they are better tasting and keep all of the fruit/veg in what I drink. Anyway, we did get to try a few of their bottled juices and they were all good.... I just can't see myself buying them for the prices they sell them for. I liked the almond protein drink and the watermelon juice was good too, but I could also just eat almonds and watermelon..... I'm not totally sold, but if you are into that kind of thing and have lots of money to burn, give this place a try!
5	Staff was super friendly and quick to give out samples which is awesome cause sometimes you don't know what you'll get with juice bars. My friend tried the acai bowl "the hiker" and really enjoyed it for the moderate price. Wish this place was closer to my house !
5	I had no idea what to expect or buy.  But one of their executives John Adams happened to be there, and walked me though all the choices.  Excellent people with great products.  Thanks
5	This juice is tasty and among other juice places I've been to its the best!It's a great and healthy meal replacement for me - I go often! Juice away!
1	I work pretty close and was looking for something refreshing so I stopped in. I was very confused by the menu, and nobody offered me any help, so I decided to just get a juice from the fridge. The juice was okay, I got the watermelon, but definitely not worth the $10 I paid for it! Plus the service was not good at all, not even a smile. I won't be going back.
5	Loved it!! The environment is pretty inviting with all of its bright colored juices and all white facility, one of the employees greeted me right away. The gave me so much information and helped me quite a bit. I am definitely going to be a frequent shopper!
5	My favorite juice bar in the valley! The juices taste amazing and the staff was very helpful. I recommend the boost in cold press it tasted amazing!
4	Absolutely delicious....great blends of the essential nutrients.  Staff was great, friendly and ready to help.   Great place when you are traveling or out on the road for work and can't prepare your meals. I will definitely be incorporating them in my one day a month cleanse day!
5	I was so excited to try this place! Acai bowls was what I was looking for originally. They made me the Swimmer bowl...which was so healthy and delicious! But then I saw the cold pressed juices and I got to learn about the process into the makings of the juices. I was recommended one of their popular juice - Boost! Really refreshing! The place was clean and the staff were really friendly and pleasant! :)
4	I love this place.  It's the closest place near me that does the fresh, cold-pressed juice.  My go to is the Boost.  It's pricey, but cold pressed juice in general is pricey.  So it's not any more expensive than any other place you would go to.  The store is always clean and service is fast.  I have only gone middle of the day, so never experienced issues with parking.  I can see how on weekends, it may be a hassle. Dying to try one of their cleanses!
5	Just to be clear, I am a little biased. However, this juice is amazing and will brighten your day. The only healthy option atFashion Square Mall. Open early to serve mall employees. Service with a smile!
5	Love this place!!! I stopped in one afternoon and ordered a "Flush". I was advised that it no longer has the beets but I decided that's ok and is get it anyway. I was then informed that there was a pre-bottled version of my order that was 50% off in case I was interested. I love that I was given a less expensive option! I decided on the bottle and she even poured it over I've for me. Great service and delicious juice! I'll definitely be back!
4	Great little place next to stingray inside biltmore fashion square. I love my juices so I hit up this place whenever I have meetings in the central area. I've had the cyclist, digest and a few of their cold pressed. Last time I went in, they accidentally made a 24 oz instead of a 16 oz and hooked me up with a smile. Thanks guys! Check out the little sample tub they usually have that includes their cold press juices.  You can pour yourself a shot of whatever one you want to try.  It's a must try for the juice lover in the area.
5	I had "strengthen" for breakfast. I was surprised to hear that it has 38g of protein!! It tasted like almond milk with a slight hint of vanilla, delicious!! It was the perfect thing after my run around the area. I went in about 15 minutes before they actually opened. But it wasn't a problem at all. The guy working was very friendly and just said that he would be willing to sell a cold pressed juice since they weren't open yet. Made my morning stop worth it and very easy!! If I stay at the Ritz Phoenix again I'll definitely stop in again!!
4	Cute spot in Biltmore. Limited parking. I believe the drink I purchased was the 'Digest'? It was their cold pressed green juice. It was tasty. I love the sample tub and the woman working there walked me through each juice sample. She was helpful and friendly. Decent spot. The ambiance is meh...kind of uninviting. With all that said, I'll stop  by again when I'm in the area.
1	Please someone tell me why they put ice in their juice???? It could have gotten 5 stars if they didn't use ice. Ice in juice, like who does that?
1	I received a non-apology apology by someone claiming to be the COO. It was rather threatening and made it out that something was wrong with me because every other juice bar that I ever been to didn't water down their juices with ice.
5	Love this place. Great tasting cold pressed juice. Employees are so nice and very helpful. Will definitely be back
2	Went in for my first ever Juicd Life at the Biltmore experience after hearing about it non-stop on JohnJay and Rich... Never going back. My juice is so delicious, but I can't get over the horrible customer service. Two women that didn't smile at me ONCE and when I struggled to make a decision of what to order (a telltale sign that it was my first time there) didn't offer help. I had to ask all the questions and was given short answer, even though I was the only customer in the store. As one who works in the customer service industry myself, I would NEVER put someone with a bad attitude as the one who greets my clients and takes their order. If you can get past being treated like you're putting the employee out, go in. The juice is so great! However, if you're like me and want to have GOOD experience, maybe try a different location.
3	Exceptionally nice staff and good juiceWalking through to cool Union section of Fashion Square and came across Juic'd Life. They had some samples and were really friendly with us and our little girls.My wife and older daughter were battling the start of colds, so we bought three juices to help stave it off.  Not cheap, but interesting combos and the drank down very well.  We aren't big juicers and the price isn't something I'd do often for a drink.  That said, the staff is super, juice is good, and the cold my wife and daughter both said they were coming down with ebbed away after a day.
3	The service is quite good and they have a delicious selection of cold press and fresh juices. It's a little pricey but a must try for juice lovers.Why 3 stars: We returned on a Sunday to get juice after yoga and the window states that it opens at 10. However, it's now 10:11 and the doors are still locked and no one is in sight. Bummer.
5	I come here at least twice a week. At least. Between the incredible morale and attitude of the staff, the quality of the ingredients and products and their superb ability to manage their customers and their needs, there is no reason not to love this place. Additionally, Jess is incredible: very engaging and friendly. She feels like everyone's best friend!
