5	After smoking for 14 years, a friend of mine introduced me to Vapors.. Because of her  I haven't smoked a cigarette since December of last year...Lately it seems there are Vape shops opening all over Las Vegas.. After going to Pawn Stars which is a block away I might add, I thought let me give this vape shop a try. I am so glad I did.. no long lines like other shops in Vegas, great selection, amazing customer service, open Sundays ( a lot of other shops are closed), competitive pricing, the owner was warm and inviting. Please come see Vape Kraze...so much better than other Vape shops..
4	Vape Kraze Vapors opened their doors up quite recently, like a lot of other shops. Right in the downtown area walking distance to pretty much anything in the area, first friday, neonopolis, yeah it's close. Not to mention they have their own private parking lot in the back! Sure beats having to validate your parking or pay for it depending where you go.When i first walked in, it was air conditioned, which was nice as it was starting to heat up outside, although, when i vape indoors i like to see my clouds flow around, not to get the place foggy, but just to see the vapor dissipate without any disturbances, which the a/c does. There's a nice couch for you or anyone to sit down on and relax and the natural light that comes in is nice. Vape Kraze isn't a big store, since they just opened they are limited to starter kits and basic variable voltage devices. Their selection of flavors was pretty good! I tried pretty much all of them and at least 5 caught my attention. They mix their own juice, and i can't say this enough, as i think this is unique to a store as some juice is just better than others and some house juices are better than wholesale companies. just My opinion. Pricing was a bit above what i mostly see with house juices at 15ml for $12 + taxand 10ml for $10 + tax. May be a bit iffy on this price even though it's a couple of dollars, i am able to find something in that price range for 2ml to 5ml more. Also I was reading the labels next to their devices and see a bit high of prices. Definitely comparable with other shops around town though.Service is great. The couple working there are very friendly and very open and talkative. They welcome you in their shop with a smile and you may leave with one as you walk out as I did.Some Positives: +Quality Service+Tasty Juice! (my opinion of course)++Location and Parking!!Negatives:-Pricing is a bit higher than average for juice and devices.Overall a great experience i had. Keep it up ill definitely keep you guys in my book. I'll be back again if i'm in the area.
5	Such nice people working there. There is a bunch of different juices you can choose from. Neat batteries, all different ones to choose from. Great place, so nice to be so close to it!
5	Amazing customer service with Tony and Travis will definitely purchase all my vapes here.  Will also tell all friends about thus place ...
5	Super nice employee, Tony was very helpful & made us a custom nicotine free flavor! Plenty of testers & flavors to choose from!
1	I had been meaning to stop at Vape Kraze for a long while since I live near by. Finding a spot that has liquid with a 3mg level of nicotine can be difficult but when I went in I was happy to find out that they could make it 3mg. Now the only problem was that supposedly they only offer 3mg in their "extreme drip" collection, which I figured would be fine since I drip. After trying all the flavors a couple times, I found it quite difficult to pick a flavor cause I didn't really enjoy any and numerous testers were dry without juice in them. Once I picked out my flavor I had to wait for one of the guys cause he was on the phone and the guy that was "somewhat" helping me didn't know how to make the extreme drip liquid, I've made eliquid before I just don't understand what would be so different you just don't use PG, since he said it was a high VG blend. Anyway after waiting about 10mins for the guy to get off the phone he made my juice. I forgot which flavor I chose cause I pretty much ended up throwing it out. The juice caked my coils with caramelization and turned my cotton black as well. I would have went back to get a rebuild but they charge upwards of $20 for a build and $5 for a cotton restuff, just ridiculous to me the place I go to doesn't charge anything. Anyway I ended up paying $16/$17 for a 15 or 16ml bottle. All the places I have been to that make their own juice charge $10 tops for a 15ml. It just aggravated me... the pricing for builds, the overpriced bottle of juice, and that the juice basically ruined my build, which I wasn't a fan of the juice really anyway. If I'm desperate I may return cause it is so close to where I live but I'd rather head over to the lair down the street and get some high end juice with a glass bottle and dripper with better flavor choices for around $13 for a 15ml.
5	Very cool shop and the staff is nice. Unfortunately I think they are going out of business. The juice is ok not the abdolute best but the shop has great prices. There needs to be more shops like this in vegas because some try to upsale and raise prices. This place is good and should stay in business honestly.
