4	I had a hankering for a sub and didn't want to visit the ubiquitous Subway.  I racked my brain trying to think of any non-chain sub shop between East Mesa and South Scottsdale.  Luckily, I remembered the Sub Factory.If you've never been to this location before, the entrance is a bit peculiar.  From University the shop is obvious with it's two-story window and neon sign.  But the entrance isn't on the University side.  Walk towards the tattoo shop and the door is actually under the staircase and behind you.The menu is fairly simple, as is the atmosphere.  While I was waiting for my sub, I noticed that they also have beer and happy hour specials.  I don't know if people make this a regular hang-out for libations, but if I came her in the evening, I would definitely appreciate the option.The subs are good in a way that I can appreciate being from the East Coast.  The bread is flaky on  the outside and fluffy on the inside.  Then they bake it to give it that little extra crisp. The bread actually looked quite mangled when I got it, but the taste was awesome.  I find Subway bread to be too rubbery and chewy.The toppings are simple and tasty. Except for the tuna, but I blame that on the fact that I haven't had tuna in 20 years.  I won't hold it against the Sub Factory, but I will definitely stick with the other sub options from now on.
3	Stopped in to check this place out. Always interested in the sub shops that you don't see everywhere. Granted, there are a few Sub Factory locations, but it doesn't seem chain-y. Had the roast beef and turkey with the works, plus hot peppers. Pepper and pepper brine kinda crushed all of the other flavors. Got the taste of mustard, the turkey to some degree, but nothing from the RB. A standout, though, was the bread. Soft and chewy. Stretchy enough to surround the sando without breaking...and that's saying something, because the sandwich was pretty f-ing thick.Staff was super cool. Prices are low (sandwich, 2 chips, a bottle of water = 9+change). Location is convenient to the 101. In all fairness, perhaps I ordered wrong. I'll gladly give it another go the next time I'm down that way, and see if that doesn't raise the rating.
3	I came here over the holiday weekend for a sub.  I wanted to check this place out, and see what its all about. It looked cool as heck from the outside...possibly a former McDonalds??  2 stories, with a big window front!Anyways, I cruised in, and studied the menu.  I ended up getting a hot pastrami sub, which was delicious by the way.  I think it was about 8 inches long, and the prices were fair and reasonable!  Hooray for a good deal!  The place was quiet when I was there.  There was only 1 customer eating alone, and myself.  They also have happy hour specials here with a few beers to go with your subs n stuff.  Pretty neat!I think the subs here are decent, but the place really needs a facelift.
3	Stopped here with a friend after class one day. It was on the edge of being a little sketchy, but the two guys (owners?) there were super nice. I got the turkey and swiss and ny friend got the special which was a turkey bacon whatever melt. Both pretty good and the bread was bomb. Might be a "on the way home" stop in the future
4	Sub Factory is one of the better sub shops in Tempe - They have been around forever and have a reputation of using the highest quality, freshest ingredients. They may need to give this location a "make-over" soon though... it's getting a little tired. (FYI - their secret weapon is their bread)
3	Food is good, a bit too pricey though. Finding the door was a bit of a challenge but there are signs to help with that.
5	This place is very delicious.... Super friendly people behind the counter and they give you a green card- when you get 8 sandwiches the next one is one the house.  The chicken wrap served warm is my favorite.  I really suggest just getting off the 101 and University on the way to work and grabbing a quick HEALTHY sandwich.!!!
5	Two thumbs up! I downloaded the yelp app in order to write this review. I have driven by the place hundreds of times but I finally stopped in today and it rocked! The staff was friendly and real. The food was Yummy with a capitol Y. I will definitely be returning for future lunches :)
5	Love this place, iv lived behind the sub factory for the past 4 years and more recently started going.. And now it's a 1-2 visits a week. Hot Pastrami! Roast beef melt.. Both amazing (something about the lightly toasted bread) and the hot italian. Please for your sake try this place and enjoy.
