3	We stopped off for a drink here on our way out to other things.  She had a strawberry daquiri which wasn't bad at all.  I was inspired to drink something fruity and ended up drinking a strawberry pina colada which was terrible.  I don't know what I was thinking.  The Pina Colada song started playing in my head and I felt compelled.  Rest assured it's a compulsion I will be able to resist until I'm on a beach in the Bahamas.  Which will be like, never since I'm not a big tropical beach person.Big D had a martini and said it wasn't so great.  A wave of whimsey crashed against the rocks of my disappointment (or perhaps chunks of ice) in my pina colada, and I had a craving for broccoli cheese soup.  It was edible, but nothing spectacular.  I think I'm too hard on such things.  Cheese soups aren't easy to get right I suppose, because it seems to fall below my expectations at most places, but when they get it right I am in cheese laden nirvana.The only reason I gave them 3 stars instead of 2 was that the service was excellent.  Our server was always checking in with us, asking about drink refills, talked with us about menu items - in an informative and non-pushy way - answering all of our questions and making conversation rather than suggestive selling.  She was just very attentive and very nice which always makes me happy.
5	The food and service is always excellent at this Applebee's!  My favorite is the Bourbon Steak & Shrimp.  Also try their signature Mudslides - top notch.
2	The boyfriend inexplicably received an Applebee's gift card from one his aunts that takes too many pictures and never throws anything away.  Those last details were entirely beside the point.  He never expressed any out of the ordinary interest in this famous chain, but nonetheless we were left with a 25 dollar gift card and no choice but to man the crowded booths of our local Applebee's. It's odd when you never go to chain restaurants how much you notice the differences between them and other places we normally eat.  We went on a Wednesday night and there were people waiting for a table.  Two million restaurants in Phoenix and these assholes are WAITING for mediocre chain food.  There were only two of us so we were seated promptly at a two top near the kitchen and instantly were mesmerized by the completely muddled,  incoherent memorabilia that lines the walls of this place.  A photo of Marilyn Monroe, next to a Route 66 sign, next to a football helmet, next to a baseball hat, next to a picture of Johnny Carson with a cigar or someshit.  Perhaps it is difficult, or rather simply unnecessary, to provide your restaurant with an easily deciphered theme.   Not that anyone who is eating at Applebee's gives a fuck. Another thing I noticed about the ambiance is that this is certainly a watering hole for those afflicted with that whole "obesity epidemic" thing here in America.  And I'm not being a bitch, man, there were just a lot of fat people there.Our server, an over weight Latino man with a raspy voice and  purposeful speed takes our drink orders right away.  We both get Long Islands which are served in an obscenely sized goblet straight out of the 18th century.  I am small and I don't work out and I hate when drinks are fucking so heavy that I have to use two hands.  I understand that it is now a trademark of these types of restaurants to make their drinks large, colorful and spectacular- but I can't help but pretentiously think as I lift the four pound concoction of watered down syrup and ice, "this is just fucking retarded."We order a few appetizers; the spicy bone-in wings and mozzarella sticks.  The wings are dinky and under salted but not disgusting.  The mozzarella sticks were... mozzarella sticks.  You can't really go wrong or right with fried cheese but they got cold fast and the cheese hardened.  The redeeming quality of our Applebee's outing was our likable and attentive server.  While we never really make our way to chain restaurants (as there is just so much other good shit Phoenix has to offer), it was sort of nice to have a friendly and non-hipster server.  A guy not concerned with spouting off specials and showing us the wine list and judging us if we order domestic instead of premium,  just a giant Mexican dude probably with a family of four at home trying to make some good tips.  And I guess that's always the nice, homey thing about chain places; it's all just so average and normal and sometimes that feels like comfort. I can't honestly say that I'll return to Applebee's anytime soon unless we come across another gift card from another relative that takes too many pictures and doesn't throw anything away, but I can say that it was an overall interesting experience to be out of our comfort zone, talking and watching the hoards of middle Americans order their steak and shrimp or chicken fried steak and shovel it in their mouth while they talk about how the fuck they're going to pay the mortgage this month.Maybe our server can pay HIS with the giant tip we left him.
4	Good place to hang out with friends after work or on a late weekend night. They have "reverse" happy hour after 10pm and 1/2 price apappetizers and drink specials. This location does have outdoor dinning.
2	besides o.k alcohol prices during happy hour... the food has disappointed me more than once now... I'm sorry Applebees but we are officially breaking up. we had our moments but they have come and gone...disappoint me once and I will forgive you but twice then i just become a bitter girl that I even spent my money here...goodbye Applebees and hello Chili's !!( i know its mean, but breakups are hardly ever nice )
1	Weak drinks and overpriced bar food make this place very low on my radar. However, we went with a group of friends for the Veteran's Day deal where they provided a free meal to veterans. I was meeting someone for lunch later so I only had a drink, everyone else ordered a meal(including the veterans in our group). Here we are 2 days later and every single person, that ate there all have flu symptoms. I feel fine and coincidentally I didn't order anything to eat. Some line cook was probably sick and they wouldn't let him call out since they were busy for the holiday. Way to give some veterans the flu with their free meal Applebee's!
4	I really dig their two-person specials with dessert for like $20. Their cheese and broccoli soup is super creamy. They have every flavor of tea imaginable so when I come here, I make mine pomegranate. Our waiter was chill. I ordered "penne" and explained that saying it makes me laugh because while it's pasta in Italian, it also means "dick" in Spanish at which he laughed and went and told everyone who works in the back. Well, everything's filling. Come hungry.
1	My chicken was burnt, the side that was black was facing down to hide it! I sent it back and ordered a rare steak. It came out  well done and full of gristle. Their idea of making amends, was to ONLY charge for the burnt chicken, but took off the steak! Unbelievable! We won't be back!
2	Worst Applebees I've ever been to... avoid this location! Head to Native New Yorker instead
1	Burbon street stake was sizzling so hard when I got it that it popped me in the face with hot grease. It tasted great after waiting 5 minutes to feel safe to eat it. I orderd it medium rare. It was well done, not even pink in the middle. If that grease had left a mark on me, there would have been hell to pay. that's why you get one star. Though the waitress was very pleasant.
1	I've been here before, an it's the last time. I have a gluten allergy and each time I come in, it seems to be an issue. Not sure if it's the wait staff, the cooks or management that are not educated, but they've lost this customer for sure. I won't be back.
5	Love my bartenders. No bars close enough to home, so I started stopping in here and I love it. Common courtesy will get you far here.
1	This was a terrible experience. The waitress was very nice and have no complaints about her. However, the food, was just awful. It was so terribly generic and flavorless I don't know how Applebee's stays in business. Why do people go there? We had a gift card and that's the only reason. Of course, we forgot the gift card...but ya know what? We aren't going to go back to use it because it was that bad. I really don't understand why anyone would go there. The food was so generically terrible I don't know why someone would spend money on it.
5	My experience here was quite pleasant. My server was very polite and attentive. I got my tea and water in less than 1 minute and I got my food within 10 minutes. The food was amazing and the service was awesome!
2	The waitress was excellent but the food can be better. Salty.... on every dishs and they gave me tap water no filter at all.
5	We took our 5 kids (yes 5, crazy I know) to eat spur of the moment. When we arrived we were greeted by a nice hostess and an amazing ballon guy!  When we were seated The waitress informed us that kids eat for .99 on Tuesday and I thought I had heard her wrong. She said no that's correct. I up front apologized for anything bad our kids may do and Laura our AMAZING waitress smiled and said no worries everything will be fine and not to worry. Just as she said the night was worry free and Laura made us feel welcome like the balloon guy did. The attention we were given tonight reminds me the power of GREAT customer service with a smile and we WILL dine at this location again. I only hope that our monitory gifts showed them how much we appreciate them doing their jobs with a smile.
3	Tried the Thia chicken salad - it was good portion little small some spicy. Service lacked though waiter was friendly.  While not my worse visit to any Restaruant it just fell into so-so! Only ate here because I was in the area. Wouldn't make it a must destination - maybe again if in the area.
4	I had a business meeting here ( Arizona Business Connection) with Bob from Minute man cleaners & Jens The handyman,  I think it it was a good choice for the meeting, I had the Fiesta chicken chopped salad also a good choice but the other guys sandwiches looked better. Over all a great meeting, good service and good food.
3	Service was good at the bar.  The food was normal for Applebees.  I decided to try the bottomless crosscut ribs.  Don't waste your money, they are the same riblets that they have served for years and not worth it.
1	Terrible TERRIBLE experience at this Applebee's! My expectations were already low being that this is an Applebee's, but nothing could have prepared me for this crap experience.  Our order was screwed up in numerous ways. I got my old ass, wilted food about 15 minutes before my boyfriend. When His food finally comes, it is totally wrong- so the food runner takes it back.  About 15 mins go by before our server comes by and asks how we're doing... I politely let her know what would be obvious to just about any server-- one of the two individuals at this table never received his meal..... (But no really, I promise I was polite).  So after a while my boyfriend gets his wings... WINGS.  We have exactly one napkin between the two of us.  We don't see the waitress for quite some time so we sit there like dirty, napkinless cavemen for who knows how long.  Cherry on top was the filthy bathroom with no soap.  So if you're looking for bad service, terrible food and an opportunity to degrade your personal hygiene then this is the place for you!
