3	Yes. It's true. I was a Costco virgin. The brunt of jokes at cocktail parties. "WHAT. You've NEVER been to Costco? Clearly you're paying TOO much for everything you buy!" Well, um, OK. I just never wanted a package of 148 hot dogs. Or a mayonnaise jar large enough to house a small Taiwanese family.  Or enough Q-Tips to build a small raft for lounging on Lake Havasu. I just didn't. But recently, for a fashion show I planned, a friend, I'm sorry, a MEMBER, took me to Costco. I was impressed by the beer selection. Wines were decent. I thought the paper goods were overpriced as I got better deals at, and I'm saying this in a whipser tone...w a l m a r t! UGH! Hey I was watching my pennies. The BEST part of Costco for me, in addition to the surprising organization and cleanliness, is the free samples. It was like dinner with a toothpick theme. Stick a crazy straw into that bottle of Sauvignon Blanc and call it a meal.
4	This review is based solely on Costco's "food court" (or whatever you would like to call it). I don't think you can beat a $2 slice of pizza the size of your head. Or a giant serving of nonfat frozen yogurt for $1.35. Or $1.08 churros. Or $1.50 Polish sausage dogs. Seriously? I'm not complaining that I have to eat in a dumpy mall area, or that there are only a handful of items on their "menu". I would rather complain that I can't eat the amazing amount of frozen yogurt sitting in front of me, or the too big piece of piping hot combo pizza. If you're on a budget, or are hungry after a Target shopping spree, hit up this Costco. It's not fine dining, but you'll leave full, happy, and your wallet won't tell the difference.
4	Four co-workers set out to have a welcome back lunch for one co-worker who is a seasonal employee and has been away all summer.The ladies were indecisive, so they decided to head over to the Arizona Center and see what piqued their interest.While getting in the car, the conversation turned to hot dogs (long story, involves a baseball game and what was thought to be a $10 bill but actually was a $20 bill). It was determined that the only place to get a good and cheap hotdog was Costco.In the car, freshly returned co-worker grinned ... I wouldn't mind a hotdog, actually. So, off they went to the nearest Costco to enjoy a $1.50 meal of hotdog and soda.(Pictures were taken and will be shared in a timely fashion)It was nice and cool inside, it was loud enough to where the ladies could be rambunctious and not be disturbing others' lunches, but not too loud as to be shouting over one another. Plus, $1.50 for lunch!! And, two ladies split a frozen yogurt (the staff at Costco gave an additional cup) and then put Coca Cola in with it to make a Coke float. Delicious!
4	So... this is the only reason to go to Cripstown, I mean Christown. What a shithole ghetto ass excuse for a mall, it's even more ghetto than Metro Center. On the other hand, Costco rulez.Their 'store brand' of Kirkland products are super high quality, ad priced low. My dogs love their dogfood. I love their butcher and seafood section, and there is always a great selection of very reasonably priced fresh produce. They have great prices on a limited selection of DVD and Blu Ray disks. They have a great wine and liquor selection, with excellent prices. Eyeglasses. Clothing, Towels. Beds. BBQs. Bicycles. Pharmacy. Car tires. Electronics. If you are a member, you can go to any Costco, and they pretty much are all the same. As for this location.... despite being in Cripstown, it's great. The only downside is that the area that sells ready to eat pizza, hot dogs, etc is facing the mall... meaning all the ghetto ass motherfuckers who aren't Costco members share my oxygen while on line. I wish they would charge non members more for the food items, or have a members only line. Oh well.Recommendation - park in the BACK parking lot, off Montebello, not on the Bethany Home side which is full of mall goers.
5	I love malls. I love Costco. Put them together and you've got pure bliss. Oh wait...this mall is GHETTO with a capital G. Well all Caps really. The Costco may be the only redeeming factor of this "mall" Finding out that I live 6 minutes from a Costco makes my life very easy. I made my first Phoenix Costco trip last weekend to get everything needed for a great BBQ, minus the keg which Nico handled. Everything was just as it is in Washington, although I am still in awe over buying liquor in any supermarket-type store. State ran liquor stores are such a hassle. I wanted to bake a cake for Nico's friend Jesse's birthday, but ran out of time. Costco to the rescue! I got a chocolate bundt-type cake with chocolate frosting drizzled on top...it was a huge hit. And only $9.99. Park in the back of the store and you don't have to feel like you're actually going shopping at the mall.  Costco gas, always cheaper, is in the back as well.  PS- Kirkland, WA is one of the most beautiful places to visit.  Twenty minutes from Seattle.  Go to give thanks to a wonderful place called Costco.
5	I have not seen this item anywhere else other than Costco, so I have been entering Costco for one mere item (not a wise decision!)  I'm not sure of the actual brand or maker of this salad, but I am addicted!I am obsessed with the bagged salad kit which includes: butter and romaine lettuce, blue cheese crumbles, dried cherries, sliced almonds, and the best vinaigrette dressing ever. I'm telling you, go tonight and get this salad!  It is soooo good.  These flavors all together is so summery and zingy.  Yes, zingy.  It makes my mouth and figure happy! I can eat 3-4 helpings (big bowls) per bag and the bags are just $3.25!Just wanted to pass on a little find to all you Yelpers out there looking for a new salad.  I know I can get pretty bored of the same ol thing all of the time. :)
4	I love Costco! I am a Costco junkie. I get all kinds of stuff here and yes I have occasionally even bought clothes. Now in retrospect I think I have bought all of my swimsuits here for the last 6 years. Hey back off they carry speedo's for about 20 bucks now that's a deal! I love the shrimp cocktail here I get that at least once a week you get like 30 beautiful shrimp for 10 bucks with sauce and lemon. The chicken salad is very good. I always get, french beans & hard salami as well. The prices for the cheeses are really good as well. I get my puppies dog food here too! You can't beat the ready made food either. The roasted chicken is fantastic! The cuts of beef are amazing. Sometimes about half way through my shopping I will call the food court and order an everything pizza. Once I go to the checkout I let them know I ordered a pizza and they ring me up there and I go pick it up on my way out. Also the twist frozen yogurt is yummy! For 10 bucks that's a good pizza! Do park in the back on the montebello side, or if it works for you take the light rail.
4	Not only have I replaced all four of my tires here, I've also purchased several of their take-home-and-cook pizzas, gallons of vodka and wine, and take advantage of their free samples [which, by the way, can be a substitute for a meal if you're running low on cash]. While the two of us cannot justify buying a 5 gallon bucket of pickles, this is a great place to shop for a large party. The prices are good and their selection is decent.
4	Malls do not need a formal food court, they just need a costco with an external food court like this one.Unlike other costco's that move in to defunked malls and have an external entrance, you must enter the mall to get inside this costco. This costco is the one that is closest to my office, so I usually visit it when I need some food for a work party, have a flat and need a tire fixed or when I just get the craving for some samples.This costco has some items that appeal to the local demographics. there is a wide range of Mexican cheeses available. Also the liquor selection is skewed more to the affordable end of the spectrum.This is a very unique costco in Arizona for the fact it is in a mall but the actual store is less than my favorite.
3	While I found the majority of things that I needed I had a run in with one of the female employees here.  I wish I remembered her name but her name tag should say attitude.  I was ready to check out and found an item that I think Costco had a coupon for and I remembered that I didn't think I needed it since they automatically rang up.  I asked the associate if the register would ring it up automatically and she asked me in a snotty way, "Do you need to bring your coupons to other stores to get the discount off?  I said yes and then she said well you have your answer.  I should have asked for a manager-she needs to be coached-badly.  I don't usually go to this one anyways, the one off of I-17 and the 101 has much friendlier staff.  Otherwise, this was an ok visit.
4	Since I'm rarely in this part of town anymore, I'll do all my fellow Yelpers a favor and let them in on a nice little secret of mine. Because this Costco is located inside Christown mall, the gas pumps are hidden in the back. A lot of people have no idea that the pumps are there, and it's rarely if ever busy! Another nice thing. The usual Costco "food court" is outside the front of the store and inside the mall. That makes it easy for nonmembers to get their $1.50 hot dog and soda, or the pizza slices, or whatever else it is that you desire from the usual choices. Other than that, this is pretty much your standard Costco. Although the parking somehow an even bigger pain since you also have to put up with the traffic that hits up this lousy mall.
5	I LOVE Costco, and here is why.Great customer service (which in some places is a lost art), good value, selection and more.Last night I was looking at allergy meds because my four-legged best friend has allergies (did you know dogs can take Claritan? true story) and I was looking at all the options. I am clueless so I was going to ask a Pharmacist, but I saw they were locking up and walking away. I went up to one, apologized for stopping them when they were clearly off, and asked a question about which medication is best. The employee was so patient and kind, and took time to answer my question when they were off the clock. That was really impressive and meant a lot to me, as my wingdog means the world to me.Another cool thing about Costco, is that you can sometimes get a secret deal on electronics, and other larger items. I was shopping for a laptop and was told that you can ask a manager if there is an item that is the last one, or demo, and get a s smoking deal. Sure enough, I spoke with a manager, and got $100 a floor model.You sometimes hear that Costco and Sam's Club are the same. They are, in the same way a Ferrari is the same as a Hyundai.Keep up the good work Costco, you are a rockstar.
5	How can you not like COSTCO! ...We love Costco, we go 2-3 times a month! They have everything there, and you save so much money by buying in large sizes! We buy tons of eggs there, olive oil, canned tuna & salmon, sliced turkey, blueberries, oranges, apples, saline solution, books, etc, etc... You gotta think long-term when you shop at Costco. Gas is even cheaper there, too!  :)
3	This is not my go to Costco. I come here once a month for 1 thing & 1 thing only, cakes. My work orders them every month & we wish every employee in that particular month a Happy Birthday. I am the lucky girl who gets to go pick them up & bring them back in time for the "usual" lunch hour. We always order 1 chocolate & 1 vanilla. I never have any except for my bday month, both flavors are actually pretty good. For the past 3 years that I have been ordering & picking up the cakes, they have always been $16.99. When I picked up today I noticed they went up a dollar to $17.99, just an FYI.
5	This is one of the most conveniently located costco's in the valley.you are walking distance from a super walmart and a super target and even a movie theater.this costco is always crowded not just on the weekends!
4	This Costco is very close to my house but, not my favorite one. It is nice enough and the have lots of samples as you walk throughout.  But, they have the gas station and all the fun things that come with Costco. however they do not the little eatery in the front of the store like the other ones do. They always change the layout in here. So if you go once a month you think you know where you are going but, no they have changed it all around. Other than that, there is lots of parking and it is always crowded. Always lots of items to choose from. You can only pay with Cash, Check ,or there America express credit card.  I guess that does keep you from over spending.
5	I've belonged to Costco since it was called Price Club. This branch is my favorite store in the valley. I couldn't live without the cheese bagels. I buy gas from here exclusively because it's cheaper than anywhere else.  The membership pays for itself, and I have a free American Express card. They recently put the slides of my childhood on DVD and did a beautiful job. I love to walk the aisles and see what's on display: cookware, dishes, jewelry, auto accessories, baked goods, wine, fruit, books, clothes. The holiday treats are better here than at any store in the valley.  My favorites are  the chocolates of the world and the chocolate macadamia nuts.  What makes this store so great are the people who work here. I've been to several different stores, but this one has the friendliest staff.
2	I like costco but hate the crowds ( not even holiday crowds) but this costco draws so much trashy people in the cafe area. Anyone can eat there- even non memebers. The should have a line just for members. lately I have see alot of people filling up soda with a non costco cup- kinda annoying........ Same great kirkland products at this location and closest to my house.
5	While I don't really buy a whole lot from here, I love walking the aisles of bulk goods.  They are very reasonably priced, especially when it comes to food.  A huge bag of spinach for three bucks?!  A large container of organic raspberries for around four dollars!?  Yes please!  Also, we have a kitty with asthma and the vet told me that her prescription would be around $60-$70.  Well, my deal-finding spidey senses told me otherwise, and I stopped at the pharmacy and found that it was only $27 there. Win!  I also make good use of my Costco membership at the pump, because while other gas stations are advertising gas at over three dollars a gallon, I was pumping for $2.99/gal.  I like that they have more than just food and house supplies, they have electronics, a photo developing department, movies/dvds/blue ray, books, flowers, personal hygiene items, perfumes, a cafeteria, pet supplies, and more.
5	Love Costco!!! I really like the low prices and the great quality. The return policy is unbelievable. Even if you don't have a receipt, they look it up with your Costco ID. I haven't ever had a problem with returning something. I have been in the returns line and wondered why in the world they were allowing someone to return something as the person clearly abused the return policy.  I've used the optical dept and was very pleased. I didn't realize my vision was so poor. Thank you for the great care and service. I will always be a Costco customer because I know they stand behind their word. Costco is all about customer service and I'm sold on that.
5	Lots of good experiences at this Costco. One example... Returned a defective Aerobed mattress 14 months after purchase with no receipt.  No questions asked.  Awesome!
3	Costco has great meat and many bulk item options.  I love their snack bar.  Cheap slice ( it's really two ) of pizza for $1.99.  Hot dog and 22oz drink for $1.50. We go there from time to time but honestly since WINCO has come to the valley we haven't been going as much to Costco.
5	Always easy to deal with if you ever have a problem.Which is hardly ever.
3	This Costco is fairly decent, I'd say. The employees are always busy but  seem to be able to squeeze in enough time to help you and give a smile. The customers are a wide mix ranging from ghetto teenagers to respectable families. The Costco food court...if that's what it is supposed to be offers fare that is greasy but agreeable. For $1.99 you can get a large slice of pizza which, aside from the layer of oil on top, actually has a good taste and ratio of toppings.
4	I really like shopping at this Costco.  It is bright and clean.  They even know my name.  After all I'm there at least once or twice a week.  They have this Black Bean Chipotle Burgers that you can only buy at Costco that are extremely good.   Also their frozen strawberries are the best price in town.
4	I usually just come to fill the gas tank, but i stock up on laundry soap and check the book table on occasion. I like to get storage here when i need it, and it's between work and home, so it's super convenient.
4	I admit, I don't have a Costco membership but my grandparents do!   We went to get my grandmother a new pair of glasses however, Costco's Vision Center does not provide lenses prescriptions over 350.  Therefore, we had to go somewhere else.  I always like walking through the aisles and stopping by the sample carts, unfortunately the day we went, there was only one cart.  Big bummer!  Veggies are located in this "frig" area, very cold when you walk into it. The selection of produce was great however, some of it seemed way over priced.  The bread and bakery selection is probably my favorite area.. so many choices! And healthy ones too.While walking around, I noticed the lights they used were making me feel a bit off and I didn't like that feeling. We didn't stay that long, but it's always an adventure when going to Costco.
3	I've been shopping at Costco for years, and it's probably one of my favorite places to go.  They have a little bit of everything, and I can usually find what I need here. But, this location itself seems to make me sad and depressed, for a variety of reasons. It's just not my favorite store. I'll tell you why.For starters, The reason I have it 3 stars instead of 5 is the staff.  They aren't rude, but I've had better service. I usually hit the customer service counter every so often, and that's where I feel like I've gotten the blow off.  A handful of times I went there because they didn't send me my coupon book to know what's on sale.  I will usually go to the counter and grab a book so I can add or subtract from my shopping list depending on what I need and what's on sale.  One time I asked the girl about the coupon books because I still don't get them in the mail and she didn't have any at the counter. Her response?  "well, we can't guarantee that you get a coupon book and we don't have any here at the counter.  Sorry, you need to look online."  She didn't even make an effort to check my account, inform me of when a new set will come in, or anything.  She continued on with her paperwork and that was that.Look, I'm not a stickler about it, but in years past Costco has been pretty good about mailing me coupon books so I know whats on sale that month. If I don't get one, I grab one at the counter. If push comes to shove, the people will usually look it up to make sure my address is current to ensure that it's getting to the right address. Apparently, not here!  I guess it's to much work for them!I've had other similar situations with the staff here as well, kind of getting the blowoff.  Another time I went to print some pictures and their photo machine went down.  3 days later the guy told me that I'm better off sending them to another location.  I asked if he could forward the pictures to the Deer Valley store, and he said that he wasn't able to do that, so I need to go home and upload them to that stores machine from my home computer.  I'm not suggesting that he's lying, but I just am so irritated that I had to wait 3 days to figure this out. I would call, and they would say the machines under repair and home to be back online by 5.  Then, it wasn't and they kept me waiting and calling until the guy finally called me at home and told me that it looks like its going to be a little bit longer before it's fixed and to resubmit.Overall, I love Costco, but this store just isn't my favorite. Plus, sometimes the bathrooms have been in disrepair with at least one toilet out of service, if not more.  Yes, they are clean and well maintained, but something's always out of service when I'm in there. Either a toilet or two, a sink is down, something.  I still go here because its closet to home and easy to get to, and overall it's not that horribly bad.  Just a mediocre staff with some minor flaws, that's all.
4	Because where else can you fill up your tank on the cheap, have lunch for two dollars, then stock up on enough toilet paper and laundry soap to last you three months in one place? Not only that. This Costco is in a perfect location to hit up Target for anything you don't need in bulk or jumbo sized, see a movie at the Harkins, or do maybe get a blingy phone case or a knock off designer handbag. This Costco is pretty much like all the others. The staff are amazing and I went to high school with half of them. Weird. But says a lot about the company. Love the prices for most things. Some things are way over priced but there are things like certain drinks and lunch snacks that I don't want to have to shop for every week. The convenience of buying a thousand in one package just make life so much more enjoyable. I don't know what else to say about this Costco. Besides what I would say before going into any Costco. Make a list and stick to it.
3	In my many Costco visits across the U.S. and Canada, I had to visit one in Arizona. Actually, I was in town for a Dodger Game against the D'Backs. Yeah, I am a dedicated fan! One of my rituals is to visit a Costco before a game. I found a Costco that that was near a light rail station and even takes me to Chase Field. Onwards to Costco at the Phoenix Christown Spectrum Mall.This review is only for the food court since I did not go inside. Like many other Yelpers' surprise, this Costco is connected to a mall. I've been to Vancouver's Costco and that location is right across the Canucks and connected to a highway. I guess this location almost took the top ranks of Costco location surprises :)Parking is very plentiful, but the most crowded spots are near the entrance. So, I parked far, but still someone parked next to me. I still don't understand that. I guess my truck brings some sort of safety or security. I took the mall side entrance and you are automatically at the food court. The Costco food court is in the mall. When I walked in, I thought right away. Costco killed the other food court competitions.I usually get a Hot Dog and a drink, but this time I was VERY HUNGRY! So, this was my first time I got the Turkey Provolone Sandwich ($3.99) and a drink ($0.59). The sandwich was hot and delicious! I got a lot of stares from the customers....Oh wait, it wasn't because what I ordered, it was because of the Dodger Gear I was wearing :PThis review is partial since I did not go inside the Costco store. I wish I did and got some freebies. We all partake in the freebies. I should've walked in and see if they were giving free samples of ice cream, but you know my situation (Read past Costco visits). I wonder what other Costco locations that would be surprising to me. I'll have to re-watch the YouTube videos and see the international versions of Costco.Yelp! The One Stop Place For Your Everyday Research!
4	It's not the biggest or highest echelon of merchandise among the Costcos in the area, and Chris-town Spectrum Mall, home of the first Costco-in-a-mall experiment is kind of  "modest" in itself, so I'll save that 5th star for the bigger, uppity-er ones because despite my most fervent lifelong hopes, apparently size does matter.  This is however my most regular haven for lifetime supply quantity shopping, and I have no complaints and plenty of compliments for this store and staff.  Much of the staff has been there some years now and we know each other on sight, and some by name.  It's kind of nice to go somewhere where if not everybody, at least somebody knows your name (Thanks, Dan [and "Cheers"]).  Hard working people, clean store, and a well-stocked men's room that's always clean.  It's worth joining just for the rotisserie chicken alone.  Have you tried one of those dried dead birds from one of the groceries with the outdoor smokers?  Blackened and so dehydrated you'd think the bird had been taxidermied?  This isn't that.   Costco's big plump, juicy, perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned every time chicken, and still (I think) $4.99, is justifiably famous in itself.  It's consistently just ridiculously good.  They've got the formula down, and if you've got a formula that works - don't mess with it.  This store also has outlying gas pumps and tire shop, pharmacy, optometrist and optical department, photo services, inkjet cartridge refills, groceries of course, and more.  There's a reason (or many) that the 800 number for Costco is on my phone as "My Beloved Costco", and despite  the increased panhandling in the parking lot at Spectrum lately, this store is one of those reasons. Just don't mess with my bird.
4	Front end supervisor Max one of the best supervisor I have ever seen work and his customer service is awesome. He will be a GM for Costco one day
5	Max front end supervisor is the biggest reason I go to this Costco. Has that place on.lock down. Handles whatever is thrown at him. Will make a great manager one day
1	This Costco location is unreal. They had three people working the customer service counter, and no one said boo to me for twenty minutes even though I was standing at an open register. Then, "Pete" comes up to say that he'll help the next return and that I'm in the wrong line for membership needs -- none of their lines are labeled, and I was standing in the same line that people stand in at every other Costco for temporary cards!Twenty minutes later I was standing in line to cancel my executive membership. These people killed my desire to make costco a regular shopping destination.
4	Other than the location (Christown Spectrum Mall), this store is a winner. We buy all our gas here as well. There is always a friendly attendant out by the pumps (not holed up in their little A/C "office") Easy access if you come in from Montebello and you don't have to wade through all the lot lizards and pan handlers usually present out front off of Bethany Home Rd. Store itself is clean and well organized. Staff is usually very helpful and attentive.
5	As of October 1st the Tire Department at this location is will be open 9AM to 7pm Monday through Friday. Weekend hours will remain the same. They take appointments if you want one anytime.
5	Cheap gas! Only takes American Express at the pump though. Possibly your debit card but never tried.But yeah, gas is cheaper here than around the area in any area. You'll probably save that much money even if it costs you a membership. Oh yeah, you have to swipe your membership card to get gas too.
5	Great pizza with easy in and out--especially for the size of the mall area.  Parking on the side/back is usually easier
5	Truly madly deeply in love with their customer service. Never had a bad experience here, we will always be loyal customers!!
4	Normally Costco would get an automatic 5 stars from me.  I've only been disappointed a few times with their merchandise, and only once that I can recall on a Kirkland Signature item.  My source for bottled water, soy milk, protein powder, vitamins, paper goods, and cleaning materials.  Great for frozen foods and boxed/canned/bottled foods.  Also a trusted place for me to buy a mattress or small appliances.  If something goes wrong or you don't like an item, their generous return policy (no receipt needed, they'll look it up under your membership number) will refund your money.  However, I must consider the following:What makes this Costco better than your average: There's always parking, even on Black Friday and weekends.  The gas is incredibly cheap ($1.9599 today).  It's very easy to drive up to, with no long, winding ring roads.What makes this Costco worse: The clientele of the mall is not the best (woman screaming in front of Costco today almost caused a panic).  The neighborhood is sketchier than most Costco locations, and the parking lot loiterers reflect this.  There are not as many designer/luxury "treasure hunt" items.  The carts in the parking lot are all over the place and very inconvenient, even more so than standalone Costco locations, but that's the fault of the shoppers here.
4	I'm a shameless lover of Costco.   And this review is more a general review, but I'll add some specifics, as this is where we shop.As I understand it, their business model is a shining example of equality and worker appreciation.  I wish more businesses would follow their example.  Anyways, that's a bigger picture thing than is really relevant to my review.Aside from the company as an entity, Costco offers great products with an excellent promise of customer satisfaction.  You buy it, you don't like it, even if you've eaten/opened it, you can return it for a full refund.  Costco really values its customers.  And very rarely have we purchased anything we didn't enjoy.I have one general observation and one complaint, that go hand in hand.  Costco's products sometimes seem to fade out, as in disappear from the shelves.  It seems that this is due to two factors - either they're not stocking it currently (or ever again) or they've moved it to another shelf/aisle.  Now, if it's gone, that sucks, but that's life.  If it's just been moved...that can present a problem because it is so difficult to find someone to ask.  This is consistent with any Costco I have visited; there are plenty of sample table workers, but any time I've asked they remind me that they're not Costco employees, and don't know.  So, if anything, I'd like for that to change.  At present, they'll ask you at check-out if you had trouble finding anything, and then they'll hunt it down for you -- but at that point, I want to be done.  (So four stars as a company)Specific to this location, as others have mentioned, this is the only Costco I've ever seen that does not stand alone.  It's not a problem, but, when you're looking for it, remember that this is a Costco attached to a larger mall.  Parking is all right.  There's a narrow strip of parking (maybe 5 or 6 rows) directly next to the entrance, but that opens up into a much larger parking lot, you'll just have further to walk if you park there.  Finally, and maybe this is regional rather than store specific, but this location has the worst masses of people around the sample tables that I've seen.  I know they're a draw for many, but ten people waiting around the table, blocking the aisle, just gets old. (And four stars as a location)
