2	If you ever find yourself in a branch of All Bar One, it's a sign that you haven't made it in life. Despite the chain's delusions that it attracts an upscale clientele, in truth it's little more than an after work piss-up venue for low ranking office workers. Come 9pm every Friday, ties are wrapped round heads, that twat from accounts is your new "besht mate", and the drunken clientele prepare themselves for a night on the dancefloor, repelling women much younger than themselves.If you're after a venue where you can drink yourself into oblivion, and briefly blank out the reality of your low-paid, soul destroying "career", then All Bar One is for you. Be warned though, when you wake up on Saturday with a splitting headache, your mates who didn't get into uni will still be earning far more than you, and you'll be no closer to your lifetime ambition of making team leader.
2	There's one guy who works in here who thinks he gods gift to women, hes not hard to spot, he looks like a wet purse. He was dishing out the free drinks every girl at the bar, served with a nice cheeky wink. That eye contracted so many times that night I thought he was having a stroke. It took 20 minutes to get served with girls instantly getting first priority at the bar.Remember you're cocktail dresses fellas if you want a drink.
3	Seemingly, bars such this are effected massively by the clientele. This particular All Bar One, nestled in the middle of Edinburgh's financial district results in mostly desk job monkeys frequenting the place.One thing I've learnt in my time in Edinburgh is that such clientele and students don't mix. Thus, All Bar One is best avoided .Drinks, food etc are all pretty standard - not that dissimilar to Wetherpoons in what it offers.
3	It's true, this is part of a chain and so it's not exactly oozing character by the bucketload. But there's one thing that sticks out in my memory about the time I came here for lunch...When I first came here to go to uni 4 years ago, anyone and everyone shared all their little pearls of wisdom with me. All except for the one that says, "don't go out on the lash the night before your parents are coming up and you have to spend the day with them". This, I learned the hard way when my Dad was speaking at some meeting at the nearby International Conference Centre, and whilst he was doing that my hangover and I went for lunch with my mum.Walking into this branch of All Bar One and clocking all the bottles and beer taps behind the bar was the last thing I needed, and my hangover suddenly got ten times worse. Anyway, to get back to my review, although the place was soul-less and totally overpriced, the waiter was an absolute lifesaver in the way that he kept bringing me pint after pint of iced water. For that reason alone, I will give this place three stars. Although I was too busy concentrating on trying to make the room stop spinning to notice whether or not it was the winking waiter mentioned by Stuart, I can safely guess on the basis of how rough I was looking that it wasn't!
3	2 All Bar Ones - 1 city = 2 totally different expereinces.They have all the same elements but the staff on Lothian Road just get it all wrong, especially the one sdoing table service
4	I hesitate to give any All Bar One a four star review because, prior to last week, I felt that the chain was irredeemable.   But then, prior to last week, I had only visited the ABO on George St and grew very tired very quickly of stuck up wait service with mediocre food.Well, I can't comment on this ABO's food, but I am very happy to report that, based on the other reviews,  these guys appear to have cleaned up their act (or at least, I got a good night).  On a dark and stormy JUNE evening, ABO was the closest bar to where I'd been working that day, and a few of us were definitely in need of a drink.  Having heard so many dire reports about this place I figured I would appreciate it for the beer I would have and my appreciation would end there.  So, I was very pleasantly surprised to discover that a) this place is well furnished and has a corporate, yet clean and friendly vibe to it, and b) there were tables for my group to sit and rest our weary legs.   The bartenders were friendly and efficient, and the selection of beers on tap was pretty decent.  Nothing too unusual, but definitely more than the standard Tennants/Deuchars fare.  As I said, I can't comment on the quality of the food but the menu looked nice and the waiter who helped my colleagues order (and based on what they were ordering, gave them a deal), was very helpful and friendly.  I wouldn't expect to be blown away by the food here but at the end of the day you don't really come here expecting a culinary masterpiece, just something tasty and maybe a bit stodgy to line your belly and allow for one or two extra pints.So, all in all a much more positive experience than I was expecting and certainly one I wouldn't mind repeating.
4	Not generally a fan of chain pubs - this one pub won me over with a great location, excellent staff and by having at least 2 decent beers! (sierra nevada and schiehallion)In general this is a bright open space populated by people who are mostly lawyers or bankers (in a good way) In general I think this is a good thing - the clientel seem pretty decent and it's not too busy or too quiet. I've not tried the food though so will have to do that. Not much to say but I will be back here.
1	This is the type of bar that some parts of Edinburgh became unfortunately known for in the past. Pretentious and stuck up where the guys behind the bar serve the most attractive and friends first. Only go here if there are other bars shut
3	I was here for work drinks on a Monday night. There was a reserved table for 15 of us and it was pretty quiet in the bar other than us so I was amazed how long it took to get our drinks order, at least 20 minutes if not more. I'm just glad that the gin and tonic with coriander was worth the wait. The place was nice and clean and I watched the other bar staff dusting and keeping busy which is nice to see.
