5	Huge selection of gardening supplies, fresh plants, seeds, fertilizer...everything you would ever want in a gardening place. A one-stop-shop.Motivated employees. Genuinely friendly. (Yes, that counts for a LOT!).
4	"Sex Appeal Drives a Crown Vic LX with Leather Interior"I've come to adore the welcome wagon here. They're always out front, waving and whistling, gesturing to come hither.I know I'm a hottie but DANG they make me feel so sexy! Sometimes when I'm lonely I pull into Star Nursery and slowly idle through, basking in attention like a pageant winner.Radiant, I sometimes wave back, moving my hand as if screwing in a lightbulb.They love me here. They truly do. Even when I don't make a purchase.But usually when I leave, my Crown Vic LX with leather interior is loaded with merchandise.Over the past year I've spent thousands here on sod, rock, and sago palm.Flowering cactus and oleander. Japanese boxwood, hawthorne, and aloe. Even a fake owl to scare away pigeons. Employees are very helpful and always ask if I need carry service to the Crown Vic LX with leather interior. I smile and say no thanks, for I am dynamite beneath my hoodie, more than capable of bare-handing cactus while simultaneously hauling rock bags.I glow in their adoration and applause. Sometimes for hours.And I love walking around in back. It's well shaded and humid from watering, almost like a rainforest, the scent of foliage and earth an elixir on par with the welcome wagon.I come here often, and will continue to do so.They have what I want.And I have what they want.*shakes ass and winks with handfuls of cash from window of Crown Vic LX with leather interior
5	I decided to start some small gardening projects at our house but prior to doing so I made sure to run it by the boss... My 4 year old daughter. You have probably had the conversation, "Hey sweety, do you want to start a garden and grow some fresh veggies that you can later eat?" Her obvious response was ," Yes, daddy, lets grow blueberries and Bananas...." That is when I had to reel her in and let her know that we do not live in the rain forest so the bananas may be a Little excessive but I lover her tenacity. Needless to say we ended up in the car on our way to the nursery this morning. The wind made the trip a little less enjoyable that it could of been but we took in our fair share of greenery. We have two large 5 gallon decorative pots on our doorstep that we decided to add some flowers to so why not start there. I was like a kid in a candy store, now it could be because we own our house now so the thought of planting a damn plantations worth of trees seemed like something that I would actually undertake. My daughter could not have been more excited either. As soon as we strolled by the large selection or seedling vegetables and fruits it was on like donkey Kong in her mind. "Daddy, can we get strawberries, How about cucumbers, come on dad we really need the pumpkins. I am far from a farmer but it was nice to see my daughter so excited about planting fruits and veggies I almost started basking the happiness she had and started grabbing pepper plants and cantaloupes and dancing the jig. But something kept me grounded, maybe just my better judgment and we headed to the flowers. We left with 6 potted flowers and some of the Dr. Q brand potting soil and filthy rich potting soil and some new gardening tools, a watering can and some sweet zebra gloves for my daughter. The service at the counter was great and they really do have everything you can think of for all of your gardening and landscaping needs. We are getting ready to undertake our backyard and I think we found the go to place. I don't know that this is the place for me to go alone with my daughter. We may try to create that rain forest I mentioned earlier.
4	This place is fantastic, such a large selection to choose from. We had to replace our dead tree in the front of our home since our HOA sent us a letter.  We came here to get the tools to dig up our old tree.  A pick, the potting soil, and the tree itself.  This is actually our 2nd tree within 3 years, so we went with a fairly young tree since we now see a trend going for us.  It was reasonably priced at $19.95, and I'm sorry I forget what the name of it was.  As you can see, we aren't blessed with the green thumb. BUT Jesse N. will tell you I have the passion and enthusiasm for having a beautiful garden, but just not the talent to keep my plants alive.  LOL.  I guess that's good for Star Nursery because I'll keep coming back to replace what has died in my care.  So, my enthusiasm that day also had me picking up some herbs to potentially grow too.  Crossing my fingers I can figure this all out in this tricky weather we have.  Service here was great.  I must of looked lost because I had someone approach me and asked if I needed assistance.  I told him I needed plant food for my orchid, and he said, I know what you need.  He came back with a box and it was drops that I could use not only for my orchid, but any other plants I had just picked up too.  Upon check out, we also had one of the employees assist us loading the plant and soil into the car.  Overall experience was great, I will be returning, hopefully not too soon, I'm trying my best to keep these plants alive!! :)
2	Big selection but customer service for the "average homeowner DIY guy" has really fallen off. Speaking of my experience the last couple of times I have been in there.  Just recently two days ago and now at the Charleston store. Unfriendly sour puss cashier (not a smile, not a greeting - just "you gotta account?") and nobody around in the irrigation department to answer questions, so I ended up buying the wrong valve assembly. (I was there looking confused and never heard "can I help you with anything" from anyone)  Now I am at home hoping they have what I really need, sitting on hold for over 13 minutes and counting -- hanging up now - they obviously forgot about me.  I never remember the place having a friendly feel to it, but at least it was always well manned. Not how I remember them during the Vegas glory days. I'll order my irrigation supplies online from now on, customer service can't be any worse.
1	Buyer Beware.On Sunday 8/18 I ordered and paid for a 2 ton delivery of Arizona River Rock for a landscaping project for my yard.  It was to be delivered on 8/23 and I had people coming over on 8/24 to help with the project.  On the morning of 8/23 they called me at my work and told me that they were now out of stock and would be unable to delivery as I was promised.  They then tried to push all sorts of inferior substitute rock on me without giving me the opportunity to even look at it.  When I explained that they had wrecked my plans for the weekend by not delivering as promised...the Manager John told me that he had given me "other" options and didn't have any explanation as to why they had waited till the last moment to notify me that they couldn't provide what they had originally sold me
3	Wish they would train their check-out people to be more courteous to their customers.  Yesterday (2/3/14) - the (high-school?) check-out lady overcharged for two items, so she called in an older lady to correct it.  But her attitude was so smart-alecky and completely unnecessary during such a simple process!
1	Horrible customer service. First time I went there to start growing tomatoes. The lady had me buy the big black plastic containers which in Vegas summer heat was a bad idea. The tomatoes fried.. Went back earlier today to look at hedges. Sat in the outside sales area near their information booth for 30 minutes waiting for help. Not one worker came by. I called the store thinking someone will come to answer the phone. 5 minutes on hold and no one showed up. I called back and said I have been waiting 30 minutes as well as other people are. Waited 5 more minutes and still no one showed up. After 40 minutes of frustration I decided to leave, As I'm leaving you have easily 10 + workers at the cash registers doing god knows what and another 5-8 outside talking with each other. I will never go to star nursery again. Horrible customer service in person and over the phone. I would of had better luck picking up one the illegal mexicans outside and paying them to help me at star nursery.
4	Came in to purchase some shrubs to replace my current dead ones (per letter frm darn HOA) Kim was very helpful!! She helped me find the Texas sage? That I was looking for. Not only that, she even encouraged me to do it myself rather than having a landscaper to come in. Way to save me some bucks! Told me everything I needed from soil, some other plant food, and even a shovel. Spent about 50bucks total! Went home and started pulling out my dead plants. Whew what a work out in 90+degree weather. Kim does know her stuffs! Next gardening project I will def go and see her. Other staff in the front not so helpful, could've been five stars! Wish the young folks would learn a thing or two about cust service from Kim!
5	My go to place for most of my gardening needs. Employees are very nice and friendly here. They very helpful when it come to anything you need help with.Selections are amazing! So many different plants to choose from that I can't decide.Keep an eye out for the $10 off $50 or more than usually comes in the weekly ad on the RedPlum
1	I called the other day to make sure they would be open till 6pm. The girl on the phone told me yes. The website says 6 and chickie on the phone said 6. I had a coupon for a Christmas tree...Well guess what? I got there at 5:30 and they were closed. You suck Star Nursery. I was going to give u my business because I wanted my Christmas tree. Home Depot got my money instead. Again, you suck.
5	Hi I just wanted to leave a very positive review for a awesome lady named Dessi !! Me and my husband came in yesterday to get our yearly fresh cut Christmas tree and Dessi was such a joy. So upbeat and friendly. Was even informed she came in on her day off to help. Because of the busy holiday season. Now that's commitment to her job and customers. I thanked her for coming in and helping us. On her day off. A lot people wouldn't do that and me and my husband appreciate her work ethic.  Please let management know she is a keeper. Give her a raise! Happy holidays!
