5	Boot Camp rocks!  I go to the Mountain View Park on Wigwam.  Jeff, the instructor, is really supportive.  I am always one of the people at the back, but he makes a point of telling me that I did a good job.  The workouts are intense and not for the easily discouraged.  Commit for the hour and you will see results.  You may also see injuries or shin splits, but you will see the weight melt away!
5	Best workout of my life. Period. I have been attending Boot Camp Las Vegas classes since March. Not only am I in the best shape of my life, I have met a really great group of people. As all of you Las Vegas locals know, this is not easy to do. But on to the workouts...Boot Camp takes the boredom, procrastination and frustration out of the road to fitness. Within a week, I was hooked. The instructors (especially my fabulous ladies at 6pm/7pm Mission Hills - Julie, Debbie and Judy) are constantly finding new ways to challenge their campers. One day it's a squat challenge, and then the next we're pulling tires through the desert. While there is a set schedule for what muscle groups we work on what day, the specific exercises and routines are never duplicated. Equipment like logs, tires, hurdles, harnesses, medicine balls, and on occasion pickup trucks make every day new and exciting. Some days we have obstacle courses and on others there are team challenges or individual competitions. EVERYDAY you can be guaranteed a butt kicking good time. Even in the 110 degree Las Vegas Summer, I can't possibly fathom going back to an indoor gym to workout. One of the greatest thing about the Boot Camp instructors is that they are always right there with you doing the workout, pushing themselves and the entire class to work harder than ever for an hour every day.  Their passion and commitment to the class is a big part of what motivates me to give it my all and work to failure no matter what.I've recruited a few brave souls to get out there with us and join in the fun/grueling work and they have of course become addicted. If you give it a shot, I promise you'll feel the same way in no time! I can also promise that you will look and feel better than you ever have before. I've lost some weight, but more importantly, I have reduced my Body Fat% by an impressive amount, gained muscle, dropped a couple sizes and increased my energy levels tenfold. I could go on, and on and on, but really, the best way for anyone to understand is to get out there and try it out!*Join on a subscription with a friend, co/worker, significant other and the cost goes down quite a bit per month.*
4	This workout is hard! I have been going for two weeks, 3x per week. They alternative arms and abs, cardio, and leg days. I was so sore after doing it the first two days but I am already able to tell a difference in my body. The instructors and people in the class are great, motivating yet encouraging. I got the Groupon to try this out and I'm so glad I did. I only have two complaints. First, I wish there were more class times to choose from. The classes are either first this in the morning, or well into the evening. Second, without the Groupon it is sooo expensive. As I would only be able to make it a couple of time per week, I can't afford to pay $150 a month. I wish it was more affordable! Great workout though!!
5	In the spirit of the Vegas summer pool scene, I decided to mix up my workout routine and try Boot Camp Las Vegas. As my alarm woke me up at 5:30am I  wondered what I had gotten myself into. I begrudgingly got out of bed and made my way to Vistas park where the class was taking place. We started off the class with a mile run around the park... definitely a good way to wake a girl up at 6am! I just so happened to start on "cardio day." Lucky me. The entire hour consisted of running, obstacle courses, relay races, hill sprints and much, much...much more. Why did I love it so much, you ask? I'm not quite sure, but I think I'm addicted. Boot Camp Las Vegas is the key to looking great in your bikini all summer long. After getting up at 5:30am to kick my own butt a few days a week I don't even feel guilty when I allow myself a cocktail... or six. Give Boot Camp Las Vegas a try, and come join me at the hottest Vegas pool parties all summer long! :)
5	I bought the Groupon for Boot Camp Las Vegas because a friend of mine told me it was apretty good workout.  I have done P90X, Insanity, and have run a couple of 1/2 Marathons so I thought Boot Camp would be a good way to trim up a little belly fat and try something new.  Boot Camp is no joke!  Besides high school wrestling practice, it is the hardest thing I've ever done.  The instructors work you until you are exhausted.  It is great because there are people with all types of ability levels and all of them are working as hard as they can.  You get what you put into it but they make sure you are putting in 100%!  Each day that I did a session I would think "that's the hardest I have ever worked" until the next day came and I would think it all over again.  Before I got the Groupon I couldn't justify paying $150 or so for a month of Boot Camp but now I know it is definitely worth it and I will be back for more!
4	I really liked this workout and purchased a Groupon recently, at a friend's suggestion.  I have not been disappointed yet.  As a veteran of bootcamp classes, running, pilates, kickboxing, and Insanity/P90X, I can definitely tell you that this was a GREAT workout.Granted, some may think that there's a limited class/location selection, but to be honest, at least you know where to go and what time to go...none of this "will there or won't there be class". My other gripe is also about the cost.  If it wasn't for the Groupon that I got, I definitely couldn't afford this.  As it is, I don't pay even that much for my gym membership.I am so glad that there are multiple locations throughout the valley.  Next, I can only comment on Kenny Hunt, my instructor (or should I say torturer? lol jk).  He's a great instructor and just helps you push yourself until the end of class--allowing you to take the class at whatever pace you can handle.  There were literally people in the class that were in all different levels of fitness, and since everyone was working as a team and encouraging one another, it made the experience that much more enjoyable.The general format was: arms and core, cardio day, legs, arms and more core, and another cardio day.  On a given day, you'll either be doing resistance exercises using your own weight, or weights, or tires, a jump rope, or partnered exercises.  I actually even saw a class harness themselves and pull a Toyota Tundra filled with equipment, with a few others pushing from behind.  Talk about crazy!  All in all, it was a fun time, and I only wish that the classes were more affordable.  At least I was able to find out what Bootcamp Las Vegas was all about.
5	Like many others who have already reviewed, I started boot camp because of a ridiculously good groupon deal.  I've been curious about it for a while.  I've done 1 week of 4 (the groupon deal is for a month) and yes, it's a butt-kicking good workout.  I've also done P90X, blah blah blah, and the boot camp classes challenge me in ways I haven't been challenged before.  Like running.  (I'm not a runner.)  And running while carrying 7 foot long logs.  Pros: people of all different fitness levels, 8 different locations and several different times during the day, positive instructors, exercise variety!Con: cost -- without the groupon, the cost is $150/month.  Kind of steep.....Definitely jump on the groupon deal if and when it comes around again.  I think it's only valid for first-time boot campers.I'm already thinking of what I need to live without in order to afford regular boot camp classes.  :)
5	Awesome!  Must try!Tried boot camp through Groupon.  $29 for 4 weeks of classes is an amazing deal.  I have been going to the 6 AM classes at Centennial Hills Park.  John is my instructor and he is great! Would I normally wake up at 5:30 AM and exercise, no way, but amazingly I have been going everyday and the only class I have missed was Black Friday (had to get my shopping.... that counts as exercise right?)  The work out is great!  Appropriate for all fitness levels!  They have great selection of parks and morning and afternoon classes and good exercise variety!Like some of the other reviewers, I wish it was more affordable.  If you can afford it, definitely worth!
4	Same review as everyone else:Pros: Great workout, the people are awesome, the trainers are fun, and everyone is there with a common goal (Added bonus, there wasn't that intimidating factor that you sometimes get when you walk into a gym. Everyone was very friendly and sociable). My girlfriend and I used this in our last month leading up to Tough Mudder and it really helped.Having a set schedule, time, location, mixed with familiar and often new people keeps it fun, interesting, and yourself motivated to attend.Cons: I liked it so much and the people, I didn't want to stop. $$ factor post Groupon is a little too steep to rationalize. If it was a $50-$60 price point. I can rationalize that. I bet their attendance would increase too.I'll be training for Spartan here soon. I'm sure I'll be back, even at $150.
5	I recommend this for those just looking to lose a few pounds and don't have a lot of workout experience or even those who have been working out all their lives.  I love being in the gym and working out but being outdoors and working out can't be beat.  The vibe is very positive and supportive.  The workouts are tailored so anyone can do them no matter what your fitness level.  So its what you put into it is what you get out of it.  I have seen people in the class lose 50lbs going to the classes daily.  I started off not being able to run a mile and now I can run for days and recently completed the Tough Mudder due to going to boot camp regularly.
4	My Groupon month is over and I'm sad.  I really enjoyed taking classes here.  The first two weeks I attempted the 5 AM park workouts but mornings are not my thing and my allergies hated me and the evening classes were not available at a location near me.  They were nice enough to let me finish out my workouts at their indoor facility where for the remainder I tried to go 3-4x a week.  The park workouts were challenging but doable at whatever your fitness level.  Richene always mixed it up and was encouraging.  And I loved Fun Fridays.  I had never played Frisbee football before. My fave would have to be the indoor workouts with Corey and Will.  Because these were in the evenings it really kept me on track eating healthy during the day so I wouldn't feel like crap at boot camp.  And obviously no grass, no allergies.  For both the indoor and outdoor classes we never did an identical workout.  The indoor facility is perfect for those that are fans of Tough Mudder, Spartan or any type of obstacle races as they have the course and equipment to help you prepare.  The camaraderie is awesome and everyone is so encouraging from day one.  I'm only knocking a star due to cost.  I don't think $150 a month is unreasonable if boot camps are the majority of your workout because there are classes and locations all over town and the instruction alone is worth it.  They also have a $25 drop in or if you buy a punch card it breaks down to $20 a class.   But for me I'd want to incorporate bootcamp into my schedule once or twice a week because I also love my cycling and kettle bell classes and when I factor in the three gym memberships I have combined those set me back only $57 a month.  I had taken boot camp classes before in town and this month of classes made me realize how much I miss them.   Fortunately for me those classes are a $10 drop in making it more realistic for my schedule and wallet to incorporate a once or twice a week class into my routine.
5	I love this program.  I've been going for a year now and  it's the only program I've ever found that I've been committed to.  I was scared to go at first because I thought everyone would be expert athletes but that's not the case at all.  I still struggle to get through most classes but what people don't know is that even though I still struggle,  I'm so much better than I was when I first started and that's really all that matters.
