4	Jazzy.  In a mass produced, formulaic kind of way.  Doesn't really go together does it?  Jazz is improvisational in nature, a growing chain of coffeehouses (It's A Grind) is not.I've been to 2 of these, one closed a few months ago.  They both featured a warm atmosphere, jazz and blues influenced playlists and pop art type pictures of jazz and blues greats.Looking around in this location I see paintings of Billie, Louie, BB King and SRV.A coffeehouse could do far worse in searching for a theme.Coffee is pretty good, service has always been good.I can live with that.
5	Yes it's a franchise - but unlike Starbucks - this has a much warmer, personal feel.  You also don't get the feeling that everything in the store is for sale or has something to do with mass marketing.  The ambiance is inviting, comfortable and there's free wi-fi.  This is a great place to kick back and catch up on some work or just sit and enjoy the time with your friends.  The staff is very friendly and takes the time to get to know their regular customers and their drinks.  For those that are in a rush, they also have a convenient drive through window.  Even my dog loves going through the drive through because he gets a doggie treat too.Almost forgot the most important thing - the coffee!  I'm a creature of habit so I normally only have a few select drinks upon which I compare coffee shops with.  Their white chocolate mocha is awesome as it's made with real Ghirardelli chocolate.  For the caffeine addicts here, they also have a 32oz. size that's not on the menu (a life saver for me - so I am able to cut back to one drink a day).  The brewed coffee selection is also good with a great blend of flavor and strength.  Normally I'm a big supporter of small independent coffee houses, but this is one of the better chains out there.
5	I came in for free wi-fi (they have it) and coffee.  I got all that along with a breakfast bagel and easy wi-fi access (no codes, no expectation of buying anything), along with a great staff.  All the staff -- ALL of them -- were quick with a smile, they look you in the eyes when they talk to you and are just generally awesome.  I love this place.  Oh, and nice jazzy atmosphere.  On this morning, they're playing a jazzy Christmas medley.
3	Just another corporate alternative to Starbucks, but not in any way different. Go one block east to Coffee Rush on Gilbert/Baseline for a much better and cheaper cup of coffee.
4	One of the reasons I love It's A Grind is because they are very VERY comparative to Starbucks. I do love me some S-Bux but the pricing and the lack of free wi-fi have prompted me to look elsewhere for a coffee house experience.I would definitely give It's A Grind another star if they were open later and their specialty drinks weren't extremely overpriced.  A half coffee/half milk blended drink (small size) is $5?! Well, with that said... this is a MUCH better alternative to Coffee Rush because, well, I'll write about them in their review section...Staff is very friendly, atmosphere is comfortable, and usually I can focus well when I need to study or write a paper. Drinks are GREAT and they even offer a regular black tea: my favorite since I'm not a real avid coffee drinker! Plus it's close to the shopping center and they offer great little snacks to go with your drink. I can't recommend it enough. Go now!
4	I came here to change things up and try a different place.  I really liked the decor inside, and there was plenty of seating.  I can see this place filling up quickly, as seating is plentiful, but not overwhelming.  Plugs are limited, which was frustrating.  They do have free WiFi service here, as long as you buy a cup of coffee.  They also have outdoor seating and a drive through!  Great hours too.  I think thier open until 8 or 9 at night and open up early as well.I could see myself returning here on a regular basis!
4	Far better latte than bucks-thats for sure.  This is a place I meet my friend for coffee when she drives down from scottsdale.  we always have a wonderful drink-peppermint latte for me- and some great conversation.  Even though I live about 5 miles from It's a Grind, I do not go there just for a coffee, I guess if it was on my way to work or more conveneintly located I would because although the prices are similar to bucks it is far far better tasting and just a not so franchised look...
5	I have been frequenting this spot since they opened and have always said they were better than Starbucks but Iam in a special kind of heaven after the change in menu and addition of pressed tea lattes!!! Yum, yum, yum!!! Far better than Starbucks powdered green tea latte and roughly a dollar cheaper than the high priced cup there as well. The early morning staff is great and free WiFi is an added bonus. I can honestly say for the New Year, I'm quitting you Starbucks......and mean it.
5	This place has a wonderful atmosphere including great music.  The servers are friendly and the drive through is quick.  I like the coffee better than the big chains and they have very good pastries.  This is a great place to relax or even have a first date.
4	Blended mocha is awesome!! Made my Monday. Friendly staff, comfy decor.
5	The best coffee ever!  I'm now addicted to the new java rush!!
2	Thought I would give this place a 3rd chance but once again my drink was full of mostly foam.  My drink was pretty good...all 4 1/2 gulps and they seem to be similarly priced to Starbucks. I've only been thru the drive-thru thro.
4	I've been into this shop a couple times, and have always had a good experience.  This past weekend, we were up for a early bike ride and thought we'd grab an iced coffee on our way.  Unfortunately we were disappointed to find they do not open until 8am on Sundays.That being said, the girls inside opened the door and welcomed me in at 7:40.  In the midst of getting ready to open they prepared me a couple coffees to go and helped another couple there early as well.  Great customer service!  Staff was very friendly and helpful.  The barista asked what I wanted my coffee like, and nailed it!  Decor inside is cute and looks like a cozy place to go read once it cools down.  Good music is another plus ;)Coffee is a little on the spendy side, but then again, you get what you pay for.  No over roasted beans here people.  Docked a star due to lack of early hours on the weekend, but service and coffee are superb.  Might have to grab a scone next time as they looked phenomenal!
5	I'm not a coffee drinker... in fact, the taste and smell used to make me gag! I'm broadening my palate and It's A Grind sold me the first cup of coffee I've ever purchased that wasn't for someone else! It was mixed and iced... but I was pleased. :-)
5	Absolutely love this place! One of my favorite coffee shops. The people who work here are so friendly, helpful, and make you feel like you are at home. The drinks are very delicious. I love their tea latte that is pressed. They use actual tea leaves and after a few minutes add some love such as real vanilla to make the ends result absolutely wonderful. Best chai tea I have ever had! The chairs are very comfortable too. I can sit in them all day. This is a great spot for some family time, to chill, and to study. They even have a drive through.
5	Just tried this place out today for the first time- I may have found my new coffee home. :)  I like Starbucks but I've always been a fan of supporting the smaller guys (althought this is a chain, I'm not sure how big they are nationally).Coffee Rush (in Gilbert and Chandler) has been my mainstay for years but its getting crowded and the hipster and high school crowds are really starting to wear on me.  I'm in my late 20's but I prefer a place that has less edge and focuses on an enjoyable experience. That's this place. The locals crowd appears to skew a smidge older - late 20's - 50's and the atmosphere is perfect for getting work done.Music selection is awesome. Every tune that has been playing in here has been a treat. Normally I put a headset on right away and listen to my own stuff, but the headphones have been chilling on the table the entire time because the music is THAT good. Great selection- from old school swing to more obscure favorites like Massive Attack.Service was good. The barista was sweet and brought the coffee to my table- an extra nice touch over starbucks 'pick it up at the counter' approach.Wasn't too crowded- enough people here to feel homey but not stuffy.Wifi was fast and speedy for me. I had dropbox running while here which pulled down some decent size files with no problem (I normally turn this off so as to not suck up bandwidth, but I wanted to test it and see how their speeds were today).Coffee is excellent from what I can tell- mixed cold drinks are delicious. A bit expensive but delicious.  Will return for sure- nice job guys!
4	Pleasant unexpected find!  What a great little place.  Perfect for studying or catching up with friends.  Nice comfy chairs, tables, electrical outlets, and free wi-fi make this a nice place to study.  Though I don't drink coffee, I did enjoy the shaken iced tea.   It is a small venue so there is the potential to get crowded, however, crowding was not a problem for us while we were there.  The other patrons were doing their own things, studying, reading, have quiet conversation and the music played in the store was at a good volume - pleasant, but not overwhelming.  Also the temperature inside was nice, not too cold like some other coffee houses.  This may very well be me new favorite study spot.
2	Iced mocha was good. Just good. Not fabulous, but good. And that's really about all I need when I go out and drop $5 on a special coffee.  It's a plus for me if a coffee artist smiles or is kind.  I think the gal who served me was the same person who named the place.  I nearly felt guilty imposing on her.  I'll go Coffee Rush next time because I like to support local.
4	I love how small and cozy this place is, and its always nice to have a drive through available. Coffee is good but not my fav. Nice food items to choose from.  Friendly staff.
5	First review ever! So glad I could do it for this wonderful hot spot. I usually am a Starbucks girl, and I enjoy their pricey drinks because I learned to put up with the long lines, and the awkward mess of ingredients. At It's A Grind I think it's safe to say that you get the best tasting drinks and there's no fuss. I have never had to wait in a line and the staff is very friendly. If I don't know exactly what a drink is, they're happy to share. I still do visit my favorite Starbucks now and again, but when I'm on the go, or when I just need to relax, It's A Grind is definitely one of my go to places.
5	I have been to It's A Grind far too many times to have not reviewed it yet. Oops!This place has been my favorite coffee shop in the East Valley for a quick coffee for years. Used to hit the drive thru for a "nutty cow" and bagel with cream cheese on my way to early classes or work shifts. They don't mess around with their cream cheese, you get your money's worth. Alas I moved to another part of town and am not as close to them anymore and can't justify driving 10 miles out of my way just to get a coffee. But when in Gilbert, I will stop in whenever I can.Lately I've rediscovered my love of a good quick coffee from a place that doesn't burn their espresso(desperate times called for desperate measures) and I stumbled upon their little gem called a Rocket Latte. This thing is small but it packs a punch. It tastes like a strong coffee, I get mine with a couple raw sugars, but it is as much caffeine as you could possibly need. I have never had a negative customer service experience here. Whether in the drive thru or going in to snag a comfy armchair to do some paperwork or chat with a friend, I have always been greeted with a smile and a great attitude. Keep up the good work guys, you're doing something right.
5	Hurry in and try this Ginger Cinnamon Latte!! I added carmel sauce and soy milk over ice in their large, a whopping 32oz size, Delish!! The flavor combination was amazing! I would drive out of my way any day for this place. Tucked behind Fox and Hound Pub & Grill this coffee shop is small, but warm and inviting. The staff was very helpful and friendly, my barista even asked me to try this unusual concoction, upon pickup, to make sure I liked it. I was in love! I may have found my new coffee stop. Comparable to *bucks pricing but has a much truer taste without the burnt espresso taste = worth it! They also have a convenient drive up window. (Yay! now I can pickup this coffee goodness in my pjs!)
2	I hate giving bad reviews, but this place was just "Meh."  I always judge a coffee shop by their *OMG* coffee (drip coffee that is).  It's impossible to judge good coffee with all the syrups and sweets people put in them.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoy a good dessert coffee once in awhile.  On this occasion I stopped in during the mid morning and their coffee was really bland.  It isn't as bad as freeze dried...but it's not any better then I can get from Circle K.
3	Priced a bit high for this type of coffee shop, but it was pretty good coffee. For what I had (coffee, no frills) I was happy, my wife's chai latte was about a dollar more than it costs at Starbucks. That was quite a surprise from a small coffee shop like this. Either way, I am sure I will be back if I am in the area, just no special trips to go.
1	If I could give 1/2 a star I would.  After walking up to the counter, the "Batista" never even acknowledged us. After waiting 15 minutes to finally get waited on, she still never said hi or I'm sorry for the wait. We placed our order which was 2 muffins warmed with butter, a reg coffee, a child sized drink and a medium drink. We paid the girl and she said she would bring it out to us. We went outside since there was no seating inside. About 15 - 20 minutes into our conversation we realized its taking a little too long.  My friend goes inside to see what the hold up is. The girl said she couldn't find us..bullshit, she never came outside... she couldn't remember what I ordered and forgot to warm the muffins. I went in to tell her my order and she never looked at me...she never apologized...nothing.  When I took the empty plates in I told another person behind the counter that tthis was my first time here...and my last.  The girl said in a very shitty tone, "Sorry to hear that, have a nice day". Haley was the name of the Barista and if she cannot look customers in the face and smile even when you're having a shit day...my advice to her is to find another job! One where you don't have to deal with the public. To the other person behind the counter with the shitty attitude....You Suck! You should find out why we were unhappy and do what you can to keep a customer.  I won't be back...and I will share my experience with EVERYONE!
4	Great place to mellow out and drink something good. I especially love the quiet atmosphere, which is great for those wishing to do some work. Free WiFi and tables are clean all the time.I tried the White Hot Chocolate, and requested that they add mint inside. This place is on point.
3	Small place close to my house.  Coffee seems expensive though.  Anyone who reads my reviews knows how loyal I am to Circle K coffee.  If the place is not too busy you can grab a nice comfortable chair.  They also keep board games on hand which is nice.  Everyone I've every dealt with at the counter has always been super nice.  My wife and I spent the better part of a morning playing chess there and we enjoyed it.  I don't really drink and specialty coffees so I go for the drips but it is a bit expensive.  They have them in thermoses where you can poor it yourself and it was decent.  They have an eclectic mix of music they play which can be hit or miss.
5	The con: Holy pricey, more than starbucks. The pros: EVERYTHING else. All the people there are very friendly. While it is pricey I do think you get your moneys worth. Their regular is Starbucks large and their large is 32oz :O. The plain straight coffee is something like 59 cents if your bring your own cup. They have a punch card like everywhere else so you can get things free after so many. I need to get a part time job here or I'm going to go broke with how much I spend at this place ! haha
5	Unbeatable! Have a new addiction!!! Not to mention the staff is always so happy and willing to help! I've been telling everyone and their mom to try this place!!!!
3	Clean store, strong drinks and convenient location. Nothing negative to say about It's A Grind. I will stop by again for my iced Americano if I am in the area!
5	This by far is one of my favorite coffee houses. The service is great, the coffee is really good & the food is delicious.  I recommend the breakfast sandwiches on a bagel.
5	Love Love Love this place!!!!!! Just moved here and they closed the one where I was from. SO excited to have on in the area. This place is not like Starbucks. IT KILLS IT!!! Their frozen drinks arent full of ice, theyre actually full of coffee, milk and the good stuff... The Chai Tea is amazing, The 50/50 frozen drink is to die for and of course the yummy coffee. My favorite place for sure!!!!!! Please open one near San Tan Village!
4	Being a coffee-aholic, this place sure satisfies the craving! Had an absolutely delicious drink! Nice comfortable area to lounge in, extremely friendly staff too! It's a bit out of the way for me thought. The only beef is I believe the coffee is just a bit overpriced. Otherwise it's fantastic!
4	I really dig a chill atmosphere, and love the lounge effect. I think that is what sets a coffee house apart from just  a place that serves good coffee. Even though this joint has its modern touch and "upbeat ness" it still delivers the comfortability I'm lookin for in many ways- wall decor, art, paint, furniture.. Subconsciously, that's soothes me..  But every now and then the record skips a beat (metaphorically speaking of course) . Today's visit  met 99 % of its expectation, that 1% is the pebble in my shoe, the thorn in my sock, the dust in my eye, the... Okay okay you get it.. Well, it was the music, the MUSIC people, the pulse that brings me here. And today , in my opinion, was not meeting the feel of the place.. For customers coming in and out I can see it taking no affect, as it would me if I was grabbing and goin. But this afternoon I came  to jumpstart my Saturday for a while.    The playlist or station was very poppy and mainstream, something you hear at clothing store shopping. I know they have had betterDays in this, no Ella, Billie, SRV, Satchmo, jazzy harmonics tunes..     In conclusion, I wasn't disturbed or angered to any bad point.. The funky monkey was still bomb Beezy! ( highly recommended) and I still maintained my purpose. I jus simply wanted to speak my mind, or better yet. YELP
3	The search for great coffee close to home continues....Stopped here on a Saturday morning. The lot was empty so we were a little scared they weren't open, but the hours on the door said otherwise. We went inside and there was one other patron finishing up breakfast and one barista training another. The staff was friendly and patient while we looked over the menu.I ordered a medium pumpkin spice iced coffee that they had advertised. My husband ordered a large one shot dirty chai. The total came to just over $11. When we received our drinks, mine was incorrect and the barista was happy to make another. As we walked out i commented to my husband on the price. Mine was $4.95...not really sure why, and I'm still left wondering. Flavored beans, I guess. The regular iced coffee price is $3.10....that's $1.85 difference. Not worth it. Although I was happy with what I received, if I return it will be for just a plain ol' iced coffee.
4	Oh the chai tea oh how I love you sooooo.  The price for the large is a little crazy in my opinion but its still good none the less.  I'm not quite sure when I will visit again because I am heavily disappointed the Hawaiian sea salt caramel is not an option anymore.  So until they get something similar again I will hold off.
5	Love this place. The staff are full of energy. Very pleasant and relaxing atmosphere.
5	Love this place!! Coffee is way better than Starbucks and the staff is very personable. I try other menu items but always go back to the iced white chocolate moca. Ahhhhhmazing!!! Very large servings compared to most other coffee shops. You get your monies worth for sure!!
5	My favorite coffee shop! Give the iced white chocolate mocha a try! They are not cheap, and you get what you pay for. The inside is cozy and the employees in drive thru are very friendly. Wish they had more locations!
5	I came for the first time today and I got the  Coconut Crunch (cold). It was really good and the customer service was great. The barista was outgoing and explained any questions we had about their drinks. The atmosphere inside was relaxing and calming. Plus, they have a drive-thru so it's a big plus if you have kids. Now it will be a hard decision between here and Dutch Bros.
4	Cute little place with lots of comfy places to chill. Friendly & efficient service. Lots of good selections. Was glad to find this as I'm always looking for an alternative to Starbucks.
4	Love this place, but it takes FOREVER if you go through the drive thru, especially in the morning. They need more baristas or something because I've waited in line for nearly 20 minutes on more than one occasion. Coffee is great. Staff is super nice. But, I have to leave my house extra early if I plan to stop by.
4	My first couple visits here were not the best experiences, due to feeling unwelcome, not being offered a stamp card, etc. However, I decided to give it another chance and now I do like going here almost every morning for my iced Americano. They offer free WiFi, a loyalty stamp card, indoor and outdoor seating, and pretty darn good coffee.
