4	This was my first time attending the Queen City Brewer's Festival and I had a ball! I love Charlotte beers so why not go an event that has them all in one spot? I love how the breweries were encouraged to make something special for the event. However, the only disappointment I encountered was that a couple of the breweries ran out of their special beers. When asked when they ran out, they stated the first session. My recommendation is for the breweries to make two batches of everything so both sessions can enjoy the different types of beer.I'm already looking forward the 2014 festival! Hope to see even more beer next year!
5	Beer. Lots of beer. All of the beer. Together in one giant room.QCBF is three hours of great beer, delicious food and live music. Breweries from all over Charlotte and some surrounding areas. Silver Hammer is a great venue for this festival. It's a good sized space and allows for a great layout with all the vendors.My favs: I have to echo Jeff. S. I really liked the Kiwi pale ale. Bulldog Beer & Wine wins with both its bacon (it even had pieces of maple brown sugar bacon in it) and habanero beers. I also loved all the ciders from Windy Hill Orchard. Good Bottle did a small batch release at both sessions of Le Peche Blanc, but they went so quickly that it was gone by the time I made it over to the booth... both times!Great food vendors provided delicious small bites. Three Amigos, Boone's barbecue, Pizza Peel just to name a few of my winners. On top of samples, JJ's even gave out tokens to get free hot dogs. Score.Bravo to Nils on growing this festival so much in a short amount of time. Hard to even imagine it was just last year QCBF was at Neighborhood Theatre. Looking forward to doing it all over again next year!
5	The best beer festival in Charlotte to date! My boyfriend and I have never heard of the festival or anything. A client of mine gave me two tickets to attend. We were like, why not they have free beer! If your not a beer drinker than I don't recommend going to this festival, but if you love beer and different kinds, flavors of beer than this festival is highly for you. The atmosphere is a social environment with sampling of food and tons of craft beer! We were there for 2 hours and had a nice buzz once we left. We meet some new friends and even bought some sauce from Boones BBQ amazing pork btw.
3	This was my first time at the QC Brewers Festival this past February, so I wasn't sure what to expect.The good: BEER! And lots of it! Some great brewers were out to represent, and not all Charlotte-based.Food! Much better quality and a lot more than I expected. Had I known this quality of food would be at the event, I wouldn't have eaten dinner beforehand.Swag! And plenty of it!  (Thanks Yelp! for my key chain!) Easy access to taxis after the event to get you safely home.The bad: The environment! It was stuffy, crowded and dark with depressing lighting.After enough beer, I think most folks I was with no longer minded the roughness of the location. Next year I'll take a bit to consider if I want to go to this event. I just didn't enjoy the location at all. Sure, it was convenient, but it was downright ugly.I wonder if it could be held somewhere just as sizable but with say, all of the lights on instead of just a few. It felt like being on a low-budget trade show floor after they'd half shut it down. I realize that "ambiance" is probably low on the list of things to consider when you're pouring great beers - and lots of them! - but still, the ultimate experience would be to enjoy trying new pours somewhere that wasn't bleak and depressing. I'm not asking for "fancy". I'm just asking for something that doesn't feel like squatting in an abandoned warehouse.
