3	Small thrift shop which beneifts St. Vincent De Paul.Fair selection of good quality furniture, random DVD's, pictures, tchocki's, etc.Staff was pleasant and didn't hover.
5	Found this place by accident after a wrong turn, so I decided to stop and take a peek. No regrets!  We have an empty condo to fill and found 3 upscale pieces that worked well in our space.  What a pleasant surprise to find a resale shop with so many nice pieces of home furnishings.  Totally enjoyed my shopping experience. Debbie has knowledge of all the pieces since she hand selects the items from the donations to St Vincent's for this shop weekly. She took time to find out my needs and had a few minutes to chat.   She also has a WISH book to add your particular requests if looking for a particular item.Found a beautiful leather couch that was extremely comfortable, brand new in appearance and much better quality for 1/3 of the cost of one I had looked at locally. The stitching of the leather panels on the back show that this was a very expensive couch.  Debbie had already looked it over thoroughly and had used a leather conditioner on it, as if it was in her own home.  She even gave me a list of movers to contact for delivery service.  I have called her weekly to check on new items and just added leather counterchairs to my wish list.   Stop in for yourself.   My wrong turn was truly a BLESSING!
5	One of my very favorite. Small but very selective. Antiques plus other great furniture that is always well priced.  Very nice mirrors as well as art work that is very well done and classy.  Great accessory pieces, some crystal in cases plus books and dvds as well as movies.  Help is fantastic.  Things are well displayed.  If you see it, buy it.  They have a high turnover rate.  I have never been here that I have not bought something.  You will love it...different every time.  Sometimes have nice newer bikes that are well priced.  Worth going once  a week to see what is new.  Vicki J.
5	I've been shopping at Ozzie's for several years.  I have at least 15 purchases on my home, including several pieces of furniture art, mirrors. I could almost opens own store. Great items at great prices.
