5	40 Westt tends to attract a more local crowd rather than tourists, given its location just off of Highway 40 in the West Island of Montreal (hence the name, 40 Westt).With a fresh and lively ambience, live jazz Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights, 40 Westt is definitely a fun place to meet for a romantic dinner for two, or to meet up with a few friends.The food is outstanding, with a large variety of fresh fish and other varieties of seafood and plenty of different cuts of meats.Can't decide what to order? Split a few appetizers among friends; most are big enough to share.With a full service bar and some great choices for dessert, 40 Westt is also a great little hangout for a cocktail and dessert around 10 or 11 o'clock.My review can't do this restaurant the justice it deserves; you must definitely check out their website www.40westt.com
5	Boy did I luck out!  I had just flown in with my girlfriend from Las Vegas, and my uncle left a company party at 40 Westt to come pick me up.  When he asked if we were hungry, he threw us in the car and brought us back to meet his coworkers.We were just in time to order our meals, and what followed was a wonderful four course meal.  First we each had an appetizer... mine was some sort of seafood plate including shrimp, octopus, and calamari.  My girlfriend's plate was tuna tar tar.  Next up was an insalata caprese salad, which was one of the best I've ever had.The main course was next, in which we both enjoyed a nice big filet mignon.  The sides were to share for the table, and we sampled the mashed potatoes and sauteed spinach.  The french fries were outstanding, though, but I think that's just cuz fries are good EVERYWHERE in Montreal.After that, we found room for the dessert trio they put in front of us, which had a lemon cake (good), some ice cream (better), and some sort of chocolate lava cake (best, delicious, and any other positive adjectives you can think of).Throughout our meal we enjoyed a jazz band that did decent covers of current songs, too.  Atmosphere was good, service was good, and food was outstanding.  Here's to more good meals while visiting Montreal...
5	American girl, but Canadian at heart. This place is a fun hangout. Live jazz Thursday to Saturday. It's a great place to take a date, or to  hang out with friends. Food is great -- plenty of fresh seafood and full bar. (:
4	There are a lot of places in Montreal that are pretty proud of themselves and charge alot of $ for you to have the honor of visiting their establishment. This is one of those places. The prices are high and the location is in a strip mall but that is all that I can complain about regarding this steakhouse.If you are looking for steak or seafood and are more interested in a modern ambiance than the Vieux Montreal scene, then this place should be on your list. Portions sizes are with "Vegas" style opulence. Big and juicy!I am not one that is "looking to be seen" in order to enjoy a night out but this place delivers the goods when it comes to freshness, presentation and taste.Looking to treat yourself and the misses?Can't go wrong here...
3	This was my first visit to 40 West Steakhouse. My impression upon entering the restaurant was that Montreal has finally found its place among some of the better-known steak establishments in the U.S. We were greeted by an attractive group of hostesses and were seated in a prompt and courteous manner. The food was presented very well by our waiter, and the quality of service went downhill from there. One of the members of my party was shown a rib steak in its raw form and instead received a much less impressive and fattier version. And as if that were not enough, halfway through our meal someone decided to reduce the lighting in the restaurant by about 50%, after which we had to almost beg for a candle for our table so that we could see what we were eating.From a condescending response to how two members of our party requested their meat be cooked; to ignoring numerous requests for more butter; to having to hunt down a bus person to ask for fresh-ground pepper; to our request for plain water and serving us Evian instead, our waiter left the building. He definitely put a cloud over our experience. Service notwithstanding, the food was absolutely delicious. My NY strip was one of the best I ever had. My brother's lamb chops were enjoyable too. I would give 4 stars for food and 2 stars for service, therefore an overall rating of 3 stars is justified in my opinion. One small aside: the presence of a large flat-screen TV diminishes the authentic steakhouse ambience.
4	I went there with some friends last week. simply one word WOW. Great experiences, excellent food!!
4	Great steak. The seafood platter was really fresh too.  It's amazing how fresh the food is.  I really enjoyed my dinner here...check it out, for sure!
4	Very nice steakhouse in the west island.
5	The majestic decor and excellent service made me feel like a king as soon as I sat down for my meal. Best steak in Montreal. The appetizers and sides are also very well presented and absolutely delicious. I can't wait to go back!
4	I was debating over 3 or 4 stars.   it has very nice decor, and split into two eating areas.  The main dining room and the bar area.   It is a little pricy however the service is excellent, many servers to pay attention to you.  A good place to go if you plan on a longer evening out to have time to talk with your guest(s).   I had the 8oz filet and it was cooked just the way i wanted it along with a side of mash.  Everything was good.  I didnt have room for desert, however looking at the presentation tray. they looked amazing.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Montreal, even if it's on the west island.  We came here as a group after a very long week dealing with our local colleagues.  There were seven of us and the bill ended up being over $1200.  Many bottles of wine. I had the rack of lamb (mmm....baby animals...) and it was excellent.  My favorite item was the grilled octopus, it was the best octopus I have ever had and I eat so much seafood that when I leave fingerprints anywhere there's a ring of mercury.
3	I'd had great service, sometimes it has been bad and once I almost choked with pieces of broken glass in the sour cream that mildly cut my throat and tongue (note that 40West took care of our bill as we didn't even finish eating). The food is always fresh, the steak as the service, sometimes it has  been great and a couple of times not so. However there's a certain charm about this place that keeps me coming back. One of those charms is the jazz band (or bands) that play on Saturday night (starting at around 7:30). The one playing last Saturday was great; played a good mixed of old and new. The food was perfect and the service great.  They even had the hockey game on so my hubby and I enjoy of a great night out of fine dinning, good music and sports all combined in one place. Just a couple of things, if you ask for the steak with spices, they've added garlic... a bit too much for my (our)  taste. It was better before when it was only pepper I think. They've also replaced the little champagne POP Pommery for some other drier kind. I rather POP...
5	The food was excellent. The atmosphere was great. Not as crowded as I expected. The wine list is extensive. Our waiter was the best.   Would certainly go back.
5	Delicious food, excellent service!!!!Great experience !
3	I went to 40 westt for valentines day, they have the lounge section which is romantic and nice to have a live band while you're  eating. Service was okay, never got a glass of water until at the end with my dessert, I had to ask for it. We got the tomahawk for 2, 40/50% of the meat was fat. The wine selection menu is confusing, there's over 500 bottles on the menu. Side dishes were perfect, but the waiter brought them 5 min after getting my steak. For the price I paid I should went to keg and I would of got more for my money. This time I was disappointed from 40 westt.
5	Foord was delicious and service was outstanding.  It's that simple.
4	I made my first visit to 40 Westt for my cousin's wedding. Being not from Montreal, I was not previously familiar with 40 Westt, but was curious to see how a wedding would function at a steak house. I was definitely pleasantly surprised. I actually think the food was way better than I've ever had for a large scale event. The seating was slightly tight but it was very well done. The ceremony set-up was quite beautiful. So while I can't comment on what it would be like for a normal dinner, it seems like a really upscale place. The lounge area is also really nice, although I missed most of the cocktail hour. The only thing I don't really understand is the location but I guess it works for the rich families living more in the suburban areas of montreal.
5	A group of 20 of us went here to celebrate my 40th birthday.......food a+++++ service a+++++.
5	Hubby took us for our anniversary - very romantic. Service was amazing & the steak .... Out of this world! We kept it simple oysters to star & then our steaks. Will go back.
1	Terrible experience, group of 20 and the cuisson on most steaks were wrong. Some of the boneless ribeye steaks were close to an inch thick and some of the guest received paper thin steaks. Apologetic waiter blamed the kitchen staff and gave me a complimentary gift certificate which I have no intention of using. Beautiful restaurant, too bad their steaks are subpar.
1	This is the second time that I have been here in 4 weeks and I will not go back anytime soon, the service was average, the quality of the food was poor and the value non existant, so many better steakhouses in town --very disappointing especially after all the hype
5	Great lunch, everything was of the best quality, ambiance was great and the service was excellent
