3	We rolled into John's Place one evening, not knowing quite what to expect.  The thing about a restaurant.com gift certificate is that at least you can score a decent price, right?The first thing we found was surprising - it was liking walking into a dive somewhere in New York, albeit a bit wider, and probably a hundred years newer.  But the bar in John's is simply awesome.  If there were no sports playing on fancy flat-screen televisions, I would think someone was about to get whacked in the back corner.Having to reach a certain level for the bill to trigger the gift certificates, we ordered up a storm - casual dining is not necessarily the best place to use these things.  But it does give you a chance to sample the menu.Everything we tried was solid - though not especially memorable.  The best thing we had, surprisingly, was a spicy chicken appetizer.  Something you would totally not expect from this sort of place.  It would be more appropriate at Applebee's.Even so, the atmosphere is cool, and the service is definitely friendly.  It is still odd that you walk into a place named John's Place and get menus for Mario's (next door - I think they share a kitchen).  Maybe John and Mario are on the lam, so they opened this place together.  Just make sure no one mentions my name if it comes to that.  Fuggedaboutit.
3	John's place is a good local bar. The decor is pleasing and clean. The food is average. You can order from the Mario's Pizza menu (Which is attached via a hallway) or order from a limited bar menu. I actually enjoy their sliders (chicken or cheese burger). Really tasty. There is usually some type of drink special and enough TV's to get a good view of whatever game happens to be on. Service is good although can be spotty at times. Pretty much a regular crowd via many of the neighborhoods around the area. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here but it is a convenient and nice local pub.
5	I was visiting the Charlotte area and looking for a good place to watch Sunday football when I came across John's place. I walked in and immediately knew this would be a great place to watch a game. The walls are covered in Yankee memorabilia and the huge bar has plenty of seats. If you choose to sit at one of the many tables, there is a perfect view of one of the many huge TVs from every seat. When halftime rolled around, I started to get hungry and asked the girl behind the bar (not too tough on the eyes) if the food is good. She pointed out a few items on the ample menu and highly recommended that I try the pizza, so I ordered a slice and some wings. This is with out a doubt the best pizza I have had outside of New York! The wings were also delicious, very big and meaty. I would recommend John's Place to anyone around the Mathews area. I will definitely be back!
4	My Husband and I love it here.  It makes you feel like you are in an authentic Italian restaurant in NYC.  Sanitation score is always 99 or above, plenty of TVs and the rich wood gives it such a cozy feel.  Sometimes you can see John at a back table enjoying red vino with his Wife.  They always have good drink specials and the food is always on point. I either get the Meatball parm or pizza sub with different toppings.  Delish!!!!  Comes with chips, onion rings or fries and the freshest pickle you will ever have.  I wish they had side options that weren't all that greasy...Well, my waist line does. Nicole is always there to greet you with a friendly smile and departs you with a friendly goodbye.  Very attentive and genuinely happy to be there.  It's a regular dining joint for us!!  Salute!!
5	We luv this place! Been coming since it opened!  I  the Pineapple Martini. This place is definitely for adults & the atmosphere is awesome! John u did great!
