3	When my coworkers told me that Coriander had finally opened, I knew what my boyfriend and I were having for dinner!  We came in on a Friday night, about a week after they had opened.  We were seated immediately, even though the place was really very crowded!  Clearly, everyone is jazzed about an Indian restaurant in Squirrel Hill.The atmosphere is pleasant, with dim lighting and lots of booths - it feels more like a true restaurant than many of the other places on Murray.  However, there are a few TVs playing Bollywood music videos, and the volume was turned up a bit high.  It was a little distracting - our eyes kept going up to the screen, sometimes in the middle of conversation!Beginning with the food - we started with mango lassis, which I really enjoyed.  They were creamy but not too thick - some places make them practically like smoothies - and they weren't too sweet either.  We had an order of regular naan, which was hot and as tasty as expected.  We also shared three dishes - it was WAY too much food for the two of us, but we knew that in advanced and took some home.We had a lamb dish that was one of their specials, and the name of tihe dish started with X.  I can't remember the name but hey, it starts with X, you can't miss it.  The dish had long red chiles and curry leaves clearly visible, and you could taste the complexity of the spice blend.  The chicken biryani was very good, though I had trouble appreciating its flavor after the strongly flavored lamb.  I didn't care as much for our vegetarian offering - paneer in some sort of red tomato-looking sauce.  I prefer creamier, richer Indian dishes and this one was a bit more thin and had a stronger acidic flavor than I prefer.  All in all though, the food was solid, and the menu was pretty extensive with some creative offerings.Service, as can be expected from a brand new restaurant, was slow and disoriented.  We waited a long time for a server to take our order, a long time for our drinks, and a long time for our food.  I'm sure they are just working the kinks out.  I'm sure we'll go back for more Indian food in a few weeks, and perhaps they'll be a more smooth operation by then.  I think we would easily give 4 stars next time for more good food and improved service!Also the food is well-priced, at least compared to Indian food I've had in Chicago!  Good bang for your buck.  And they offer "mild, medium, hot, and Indian hot" spice levels.  We went for medium and still got a pleasant tingle on our lips while being able to taste the flavors at the same time.
4	Excellent food! A million times better than India Garden.  I had the buffet, there were a lot of good vegetarian options. There were the traditional favorites, as well as some new dishes I had never heard of before. The menu also has a good variety. The service is still lacking, but they have only been open about a week, and it has been very busy, so that is to be expected. I am sure it will all work itself out.I love the atmosphere. It is pretty open, with a lot of seating, and nice green paint. There are a few tvs playing Bollywood movies and songs.
4	I got the buffet. It was very good and fresh. I was pleasantly surprised that they had the buffet open until 3PM. I got the take-out for $6.99 and got enough food to last me for 2 or 3 lunches. I will definitely go back.
5	Prior to going to Coriander, I hadn't eaten much Indian food.  Almost none actually.  But in my mind, that 1 experience left a bad taste, no pun intended.  I wasnt really into Indian food.  The only thing I knew of Indian food was Sree's which reminds me of a place in Colorado called Dollar Scoop.  It was an Asian/Chinese place where you would walk into a shady hole in the wall, grab a to go carton and they would fill it with scoops of unidentified items costing a dollar each.  But then these bastards at Coriander go an open a place down the street from my house.  Now, wherever I walk, I can smell and taste delicious aromas and spices.  Its making my mouth water right now.  So a couple weeks ago, I gave in and went in to try it out.  Best decision I made that week.  Because I didnt have much experience with Indian, I was reluctant to get too crazy with the menu.  I ordered a shrimp dish and my fiance ordered the lamb.  We also got some naan.  Everything was awesome and cooked to perfection.  I was thoroughly impressed and will definitely go back.  One thing that slightly annoyed me was the menu.  It was too big.  I think it was like 6-7 pages long.  It took us 15 minutes to go through it and decide.
3	The food was tasty.  Not great, but not bad either.  Where it really lost stars, however, was the service.  We waited for our check for an hour and had to ask for it several times. Not okay, Coriander.
5	The food is excellent and the people there are super nice.
4	Coriander is a relatively new Indian restaurant that opened in the Squirrel Hill section of Pittsburgh (where Rhoda's used to be, for long timers in the area.) I got a lot of ads in the mail about them, so as a buffet sampler, I went there for a lunch visit.Overall, it is a small buffet, but eclectic. On buffet mechanics: everything was well marked (I saw only one mislabeled sign --  switched tamarind sauce/mint chutney labels), the food seemed reasonably fresh, not dried out, well/continuously stocked. Plenty of plates and utensils, dirty dishes removed and drinks refreshed often. I estimate the place was about 1/2 full on a weekday lunch. Getting the check was slow (I saw several other diners walk up to the cash register rather than wait.)The food was very good, but not the superlatives that I see in other reviews. What struck me was the presence of so many dishes that I never see on buffets. To start, they had two excellent soups: Rasam (spicy tomato/lentil) and mulligatawny (veg). They were the highlights in my opinion. I also very much liked the Idli, which I think were appetizers -- I never had them before and I was told they were made from rice powder. Like a nicely seasoned, lightly fried, fluffly biscuit. There was a nice daal dish that was well seasoned and not "soupy". The spinach/cheese (paneer) was good. There was a peas/mushroom/other veggie dish that was different but ok.  They also had an interesting ocra in cream sauce. The aloo gobi (potato/cauliflower) was unremarkable, well, one good remark: it's wasn't greasy (sometimes this dish comes out smothered in oil). For meats, there was a curried chicken, tandori chicken and tikka masala chicken. All pretty bland (but the tandori did not look dried out, which was good.) The curried chicken had bones in it -- I know there are two thoughts, with bones cooks better, without bones eats easier, so I simply observe. The desert was labeled Gajar Halwa but tasted to me like soggy shredded carrots.The buffet had the usual condiments, including mixed pickles with a real mix in them: citrus, garlic, carrots and other stuff. There was some cut melon, lettuce pieces, some flavored cut up mango that was new to me, some raita, and some cold flavorless chickpea/onion dish. White rice and plain naan were also present.I noticed that the buffet stations had small stacks of labels at each spot. I infer that the dishes on the buffet rotate among quite a selection (it's a big regular menu), so you may very likely see something entirely different when you go. But if your experience is like mine, there will be a handful of really outstanding dishes among the collection, which will result in a nice meal.PS: I saw a claim somewhere that there is parking behind the restaurant. What that means is that there is a public, metered lot next to the place, for $1/hr (likely to go up by the time you read this if the Pittsburgh mayor gets his way).
3	What can I say? I love Indian food but all Indian restaurants taste the same to me, like those heat and serve pouches of food you can buy off the shelf at your local grocery store. Of course I had the buffet and maybe if I ordered off the menu my opinion would be slightly different but as it stands I am neither impressed nor disgusted. A coworker of mine is from India and makes food to bring to work then shares it, its amazingly flavorful unlike anything you can find at a restaurant, at least any of the ones I have been to around here. Now that she is in India visiting family for a few months I don't know where to get my fix, maybe ill return to coriander or maybe ill just go pick up one of those pouches. P.s. the service is great, unlike its main competitors
4	Coriander is an excellent addition to the many Indian restaurants in the Pittsburgh area. As someone who frequently eats Indian food, I was aware on my first visit that this restaurant came from a departing member of India Garden, but it is not an offshoot of the original. While the food is different and good, the owner took the weaknesses of his former experience and prefected the issues there. Happy employees would be the most notable difference, which is a great relief.I have been to Coriander several times now, only ordering off of the menu. However, by the size of their buffet tables and signs, it would appear to be extensive. What you should note about the menu is that it is extensive. You will find a wide variety of all of your favorite Northern Indian dishes, some new ones too, Southern Indian selections, and the hard to find Manchurian or Indo-Chinese dishes. The paneer Manchurian entree is so good. The items that I have ordered have been excellent, well spiced, and worth going back for another trip.As others have reported, I have found the service here to be excellent, with attentive and happy faces to help you at every turn. The dining room is an expansive space, filled with many booths and walls in bright, clean colors. This place would be good for a larger party of guests. There is a full bar in house as well as several large TVs that play clips from Bollywood films. I believe on game days for major PGH sports they play the game also.
3	Came back for dinner on a Sunday night - the place was WAY less crowded then it was when we first visited.  Could be that it was not a popular day to go out to eat, or that the excitement of the grand opening has died down, or it could be that we came during the Steelers/Jets playoff game and everyone was at a bar somewhere.  Whichever.  It was quieter, in a good way.  They have a full bar now, and the TVs were playing the game, not Bollywood movies.We got the buffet, which I think was about $10.  They had a pretty good selection of things - several vegetarian offerings (aloo gobi, chana masala, potatoes in spinach, paneer in tomato sauce), and chicken tikka masala, tandoor chicken, goat biryani, spicy chicken wings, and various other things.  Also two soups, a little salad area, a handful of condiments/chutneys, and a few sweet dessert-ish things.  And naan.Everything was pretty good - on the lukewarm side, as per usual for a buffet, but I appreciated the wide variety of options.  It was a good deal for the price.  Still, I think the quality (and temperature) of the food is higher when you order off the menu.  Nothing wowed me enough to bump them up to a four-star review.  it was standard Indian buffet fare - tasty, well-priced, all the usual suspects.  But next time I want to get the more creative and spicy options that aren't on the buffet line!
5	Squirrel Hill is starting to step up the culinary scene, y'all!  Coriander is delicious, authentic (well, that's what my Indian friends tell me), and reasonably priced.  I've been twice now, and each time we've eaten family style with the friends we were with so that everyone could try multiple dishes.  Now, everything was good, but the goat sagwala was the stand out dish.  That type of good where you start to get sad upon seeing that it's almost gone, or you want to stab your BFF for taking the last bite.  The goat is tender and not too gamy, the spices are perfectly blended, complementing the spinach and the goat.  Seriously, get this dish.  Because I'm not terribly familiar with the names of Indian dishes, I can't list everything I've had there, but I've liked it all.  The menu is pretty extensive, with several subheadings including a Chinese-Indian section.  I haven't tried the buffet, but unless you're in a hurry, I would recommend ordering off the menu.  The service at Coriander is attentive and pleasant, and they're happy to make recommendations.
5	The best Indian food I have had outside of the Bay Area. I seriously love the flavors, spices, and aromas that come from the delicious foods here. I use to order delivery from this place, however, the site I usually use does not have this place listed online anymore.
1	As a connoisseur of Indian cuisine, we know good Indian food and this was definitely not.  Save your money and go to Taj Mahal or Tamarind instead.   Dishes were overpriced.  Kabobs and Chicken Tikka were small and tasteless.  Chicken fried rice tasted like a bad biryani.  Butter chicken was average, but nothing special.  You really can't screw up naan either.  The only good thing was the rasmalai and it was probably made with a packet of Gits from the Indian grocery.  They may have some better options, but we were extremely disappointed with everything we tried.  Hopefully the food quality, portions, and prices will improve; otherwise, this isn't the only Indian restaurant in town (thankfully).
5	Since my first visit, I have been back at least 7 or 8 more times.  I have even taken my parents here.  It is now my favorite restaurant.  And I have yet to find one complaint.  And the annoying lengthy menu that I talked about before, its actually not that annoying.  Its almost like a treasure map.  Each item takes you to a delicious booty.  Oh ya, the buffet is pretty sweet too.  Some people have given it bad remarks but its a buffett.  And a reasonably priced one.  If you cant decide what you want from the menu, getting the buffet allows you to try out about 15 different items.  Cant go wrong.  But you definitely shouldnt base your final decision on this place from the buffet alone.  Its a nice feature to have, but the menu is where its at.
4	We purposely drove along the Penna. turnpike with growling stomachs for hours, just because we were jonesing for Indian.  It was quite a gamble, as we usually can't withstand our hunger pains and give in to a sandwich at Sheets.  We staggered into Coriander in a low blood sugar-induced coma-like state, and the friendly host promptly seated us in a booth.  A minute later, some crispy chips arrived with the ubiquitous triangular serving dish containing chutney, the green stuff, and the brown stuff.  I have no idea what these substances are, but we love them!The momentary raise in our sugar levels allowed us to review the menu and place our orders: lamb vindaloo (10 on the hotness scale) and palak paneer (7 on the hotness scale.)  We were tempted to get south Indian dosas, as they are so hard to come by as most restaurants focus on northern Indian fare, but we didn't want to gamble. The food came promptly, and it was delicious!  The vindaloo didn't disappoint with the spicy heat, but I should have been more conservative in anticipating my ability to absorb fire.  That was my fault, not theirs.  I even said when ordering, "Make it a 10.  I've been to India before, so I know what that means."  Idiocy.  My wife's palak paneer was creamy and dreamy.  We walked out of the restaurant with full bellies and korma-eating grins on our faces.  We'll be back next time we're in Pittsburgh, Coriander India Grill!
5	Delicious! The naan is some of the best I've tried. Very flavorful and nice presentation. Very nice people who own this place, too. Great service. May be contending for my personal "best Indian food in Pittsburgh" title.
3	Stopped here today for the lunch buffet. You certainly can't beat the price (7.99) and the food was decent. Not awesome, but decent. Service was prompt. We'll probably come again.
4	Try the dishes from the a la carte menu if you want some tasty food. The buffet isn't that great, the food is too sweet for me and the choices have been pretty much the same. We can't remember the names of the food that we've ordered so far, but they're all delicious. Some of the dishes can be made spicy--from 1-10 how spicy would you like your food to be? I love spicy food, so I usually go for a 7 and above. The service is pleasant as the waiters are friendly. The price is reasonable for the portion and taste we get.
4	4 1/2 stars for my new favorite Indian restaurant in Pittsburgh.Had a CBS Daily deal for this place, so took the boyfriend out to dinner on a Monday night.  The menu is impressive, especially for us vegetarians.  I ordered the Tandoori Vegetables and he got the Paneer Kadai.  We skipped the appetizers but got 2 orders of garlic naan...one would have definitely been enough for the two of us. The portions were good, the prices were reasonable, and the food....was delicious.I will definitely go back.
4	Breaking it down:  the Samosas were a 2.5 stars (Potatoes and cilantro???) , good wrap though.  The Naan was naan.  Well baked but about average at 3 stars.  The Kashmiri Dum Aloo was a pleasant suprise and i would give it five stars.  It was well spiced (about perfect 6 out of 10), creamy, and the potatoes were well cooked (not mushy and not to hard).  Last was the Vegetable Jalfrezi, a well made dish that gets one star knocked off for being a bit too heavy on the cooking oil.  The rice was perfect.  The service kept my water glass full.  I enjoyed the Bollywood videos on the tv's as well.  I will be back to sample more of thier menu.
5	A friend recommended this place to me and I'm so glad she did. The food is some of the best Indian food I've had. My friend and I split the Coriander Special Platter which had a sampling of the best Indian appetizers like paneer with a crispy chick pea batter and samosa. I also got the Non-veg combination dinner. Everything was delicious and they got my perfect spicy level spot on. The prices are perfectly reasonable and it's a lovely environment.  GO!
3	Stopped in for a quick carry out lunch; figuring buffet would be a good route. I received a single styrofoam container - nothing for soup or salad if I wanted either. Then again, I didn't ask. $8.55. Lunch buffet was relatively limited considering the pages or offerings they have for order. Chicken Tikka Masala, Chana Masala, Palak Paneer, spicy cabbage (sorry, don't know the formal name on that one), Tandoori Chicken, a beef dish, and naan. Oh, rice. Obviously. There were two soups and a small spice/salad bar also with your standards - cucumber salad, mint sauce, pepper sauce etc. Frankly, it just wasn't the best Indian I've had. It was good; but chicken was a little tough in the tikka masala; the naan was pretty average, and the spicy cabbage was REALLY spicy. I promise to return and try a la carte, because the menu is simply so gargantuan I couldn't imagine limiting my judgement to just the lunch buffet. Side note - they do have a pretty cool, long bar with full service and a couple tv's. I could see getting crazy here with a dinner buffet and a few drafts ...
4	we went over for dinner and were craving the taste of home,we ordered the black daal,chicken tikka masala and naan,the daal was excellent the chicken and naan were good,,they had that yummy mint chutney and pickles to choose from and a nice selection of wines..they even have TVs with the bollywood song and dance channel on...enjoy!
1	I think the only word you really need to know is: COCKROACHES... yes indeed we had one walk up the table and perch himself over our table, when we brought it up to the waitress she had us stand up and then reached over and killed it with a napkin (while our food was still on the table). She didnt even apologize, she just brought the check over. That is pretty horrible, the owner or manager doesnt even come over? So we brought her back and asked for some kind of discount since its nasty as hell in there and we were all nauseously trying to keep the "Indian" food down. (and yes it gets scare quotes because that was some shitty "Indian" food.. have you ever had a palak paneer without cream? made with frozen spinach????) So she goes to talk to the guy behind the bar and then just throws the bill on the table without a word... If we were jerks about it that I would understand but no we were pretty nice about the whole deal...  so my husband goes to the guy behind the bar and he then gives us a 10% discount, spluttering, "the place upstairs was just fumigated" yeah right... and my name is Kumar....its quite concerning that a roach is just going to show up on the wall and chill out under bright lights... that usually is indicative of an infestation. But mostly it was just the way the owner/manager and the waitress treated us. we didnt put your roach there dudes,  have some graciousness and treat us nice, say your sorry, come over to our table, take a meal off the bill, give us a glass of wine or a dessert. SOMETHING. I felt like these people just want you to go, eat like cows at their buffet trough then F off and leave them money. it was horrible.
1	*I AM LEAVING MY OLD REVIEW ONLINE TO SHOW YOU HOW MY OPINION OF THIS PLACE HAS COMPLETELY CHANGED! THEIR HORRIFIC SERVICE ON CHRISTMAS DAY 2012 WHEN I BROUGHT A GROUP FROM MEETUP.COM HAS CAUSED ME TO NOW BOYCOTT CORIANDER FOR LIFE!!! PLEASE READ MY NEWER REVIEW TO LEARN ABOUT THE TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE MY GROUP ENDURED. I WANT TO EMPHASIZE THAT I CALLED THREE WEEKS IN ADVANCE TO MAKE SURE THEY COULD ACCOMMODATE OUR GROUP, AND I WAS ASSURED BY THE OWNER THAT THEY COULD. Read my newer review for more details and to see how a business owner turned a happy customer into an irate one who is now boycotting them for life!!!12/19/2011  I've been to Coriander India Grill about four or five times since they opened, and I've had a wonderful experience each and every time. The food is always delicious, and the seasonings are delightful. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. I am an event planner for a variety of groups on Meetup.com. On Oct. 16. 2011 I brought 33 people with me for their Sunday night dinner buffet. Everyone loved the place, and the staff went out of their way to make our group feel welcome. They had all our tables ready when we arrived, and had no problem writing separate checks, which is a lot of extra work, but really helps us a lot. They did a great job of refilling the buffet, and checking on us for drinks and refills. I have enjoyed their food on every visit, and I'm looking forward to returning for another Meetup dinner on Christmas Day! I know Jews typically go to Chinese restaurants for Christmas, but I like to be different. LOL. Join me for some DELICIOUS INDIAN FOOD! I love this place. http://www.meetup.com/pittsburgh-dining-nat/events/44718342/
4	Good Indian from a person that doesn't know squat about Indian food. Great butter chicken. I love spicy food but they make everything flavorful without any spice.  That is great because I love exposing my kid to all sorts of different flavors and cultures.  I can easily and safely give him anything from the buffet and not be even concerned that it is crazy indian spicy and will kill the kid.  He loves indian food. So if you ask Elliott- This place is NUMBER ONE, 5 stars.  I think its just fine.  The lunch buffet is the best deal.  I only go during a buffet can I eat like a PIG.
4	Don't get the buffet unless you are new to Indian foods. It's bland. It has the common Indian offerings and that's where the buffet ends. Get the goat biriyani. Out of this world! Get it Indian spicy (if you can handle that) for true flavor.
2	I'm all for seeing a good Indian place in Pittsburgh. Sadly, Coriander is not it. I'm mystified as to how they have a high rating. Here's what I got :Take out of the Veg Thali(Combination Order) , it came with three curries, a Veg Samosa, Rice, Naan, Kheer (Dessert) and Raita (Yoghurt with stuff in it)I'd asked for a Medium Spice level, but all three curries were cream-heavy and tasteless - to the point that all three tasted the same ! I know once was supposed to be Dal Makhni, One was supposed to be Navratan Korma, and one was supposed to be Mattar Paneer.The Veg Samosa had salt sprinkled on the outside as an afterthought, and the filling had no taste / spice whatsoever.The Kheer was bitter ! A dessert is supposed to be sweet , not bitter ! Especially not Kheer.Even the Raita had no Salt , no tanginess at all. I'm convinced all the reviews on Yelp are either by relatives, friends or people clueless about Indian Food.
4	Delicious Indian food! I've had the lamb dose, the meat Thali, the butter chicken, and every item on the buffet. I highly recommend this place.
4	Well, myself & husband have been here 3 times. Out of all the nice expensive restaurants we go to my husbands says the food has the wow factor here. It is very good food with great service. The only negativity was when we went there last I ordered a dish that was to be a 0 heat level, they did not explain to me that there wasnt a way to do it so they came out with this cream sauce to make it milder. Well it was probably a heat of 3-4 and the sauce brought it down to a 2 which it was still hot. I wish they would have just said it can't be done but they didn't. I guess I wont be getting that dish again. All and all a great restaurant. If you like Indian food & reasonable rates you have to go to Coriander!
4	I am definitely a fan of Indian food, and I've had a lot of it, from vegetarian South Indian in a cinderblock no-frills shack, to the neon palace kitschy restaurants.I have great, I've had lame, and I've even had WTF.I wanted to try the Indian restaurant that would dare to inhabit what had been for like a thousand years a Jewish Deli mainstay that didn't stay.  So before heading to the Regent Square Theatre (my favorite film house in this burgh - see the other review), a friend and I decided to give Coriander a try.I'm not going to say it's one of my faves foodwise, but I will definitely go back given the opportunity.  The food is kind of basic, not fast food, but not mind-blowing.  But the atmosphere, the service, the prices, and the comfort level at Coriander is darned nice enough to make return trips.We ordered the Coriander platter for appetizers.  It was tasty, but my one suggestion would be 'think two'.  I don't know many people who order an appetizer 'platter' just for themselves, and cutting everything in half for sharing is kind of a pain.  The samosa was good, but again, not awesome. The pakora was good, and at least did have a few pieces, instead of just one. There was one aloo tikki, again, two would have been nice on a platter for two, and the rest of the items were interesting (can't say exactly what they were by name), but again, all had to be split to share.  The green chutney sauce was VERY good to topping them all.For dinner, I ordered one of my top faves, palak paneer, and my friend ordered the butter chicken, and we both ordered a nan, mine was garlic, his was plain.  To start off, I do have to rave about the garlic nan.  I could have made a whole meal out of that, breath be damned.  It was buttery and garlicy and absolute yum.I tasted my friend's butter chicken, which was tasty, again, it was adequate, not spectacular.  My palak paneer seemed a little odd, but it taste good.  The spinach had been pureed to the point that it was a green cream, with no real resemblance to real spinach aside from the color.  The taste was fine, but an odd texture from what I'm familiar with.I do have to say the portion for dinner seemed a little small, but as I mentioned, it wasn't expensive, and the bottom line was that it filled me up.  The basmati rice was perfect.The waiter was adorable and as sweet as could be, and the co-waitress was also very nice.  And having B4U on the TV with all of the Bollywood music videos was great too.  There was a nice calm crowd, of the more intellectual variety, as well as a nice ethnic mix, which is always a nice change in any restaurant in da burgh, and just generally speaking a very comfortable evening meal spot.There may be some better food out there, but if you're looking for decent Indian and are in Squirrel Hill, don't rule it out.  It's actually incredibly pleasant.And...ta da!  They're COKE people...always a plus in my book!The full bill with tip came to about $40. Not bad for two, with appetizers, two entrees, incredible nan, and a drink.I'll go back. Now if I could just time it for the Ranbir Kapoor videos on B4U...
3	My first time going to Coriander, I was seriously unimpressed. The naan was gooey, and the Chicken tikka masala wasn't cutting it (the chicken chunks were, considering that they are drowning in sauce, dry). But, Coriander has redeemed itself on the second try, and I'm now willing to come back again. Naan was much better this time - fluffy. We had the saag paneer, which was exceptionally creamy, in a way that made it almost too rich. We also had a vegetarian dish that uses the Korma sauce, which I thought was delicious. Finally, we also tried one of their house specialties (which comes from a particular region of India, can't recall the particulars now, but they are in their own special section in the menu) and boy was that stuff strong. Spicy both in terms of spices used and in terms of heat. I couldn't handle it, even though we had requested everything to be mild.So, overall, not a bad place to go, and we'll probably come back again. I still prefer Taste of India (on Penn), but the service here is nice and this is much closer.
4	Lunch buffet is a steal plus there curries are great and you can order spiceness on a star rating which is rare for an indian resturant.  Goat lamb chicken all great.
5	Buffet on weekdays is awesome. Foods are fresh, tasty, and the atmosphere great. Place is easy-going and friendly: vegetarian options are plentiful and decadent.As for a la carte, the portions are not 'small'. They are good sized, and those who love Indian dining, know that 'for two' means usually perhaps, say, 3 different kinds of appetizers and 3-4 main courses-- idea is to taste, share and enjoy.Coriander makes that very easy.It reminds me of some of the better dining experiences I've had in London.
4	Nice Indian restaurant. I went there first since my friend who is a regular of this restaurant invited me. Since then, I became a regular too. Good atmosphere, reasonable price and nice owner. I usually have Xacuti which is a regional food of the cook's home town. I like the spiciness very much. Sometime soon, I will try the lunch buffet too.
5	I often find myself here for their lunch buffet.  I feel the prices are very reasonable and the food to be excellent.  The staff are really nice as well. This place is located where Schlotsys deli used t be.
1	Are you kidding me!!!?????3.5/5 for this place!!??? This is coming from an Indian, and a foodie. I have had the good fortune of experiencing delicacies of different Indian cusines ranging from street/cart food to upscale 5 stars. I know what I am talking about. This place sucks. The food, the service and the ambience. It was a buffet on a weekend. I was given the crappiest of the place to sit although the restaurant was all empty, well I moved to a different place, no big deal. To start with the appetizers, Tandoori chicken was soo bad, it was awfully greasy, bland and tasteless. The pakoda was disgusting. Okay, no big deal, may be the chef had a bad day. Then the main course, chicken still felt uncooked, the curries were so much so like expiered ready to cook recipies, the nan was tougher, thicker and more plastic than my flip flops, oh boy! I was soo disappointed already. Dessert was the only better part of the whole experience, it was really good actually. Well thats about food. The service: this waiter had no welcoming attitude, no smile no nothing. He comes to my table to clear the food, and takes my plate in his hand clears all the scrap from the plate right beside the table into his cleaning basket with his knee on my opposite chair. I was like, wtf!?? I felt disgusted. You dont have to be a huge hotelier to understand such fundemental aspects of a waiting job. At one point I was working as a waiter and I never would do that. Now the ambience: they basically play crappy, cheesy indian dance and sing routines from the 70's and 80's and that too in full volme. I dont expect them to get all classy and play dire straits or eric clapton, but i could use some soothing bollywood music. I am never going back there. I reccommend/ suggest/forbid people from even thinking about going to this place. Save your weekend, Instead try other Indian restaurants like tamarind in oakland(the best i had so far) or India palace in downtown or even the indian restaurant on atwood street.
4	Hmmm, Indian food...never had it.  But this past year has been about discovering new things and attempting to step outside of my comfort zone.  For some odd reason I thought this was going to be and experience like Ben Stiller had in one of his movies.  But not to fear, I had a wonderful time.When we walked in, and I may add that was the only downfall, we were not greeted.  In fact we stood there for a few minutes and then were acknowledged from across the room by an employee who kind of nodded and then threw up the peace sign...er, I mean "two" sign, indicating how many were in our party.  Have I mentioned I have never tried Indian food before?  Oh, yeah, I suppose I have.  So looking over the menu was bit of a task for me.  Having to read the description to almost everyone of the items before deciding on the Mango Chicken Curry.  After selecting the spice level, everything was smooth sailing after that.The ambiance in here was quite pleasant as well.  Had the Indian flair and the music coming from the TVs was quite entrancing.  Coming back here would be a delight for me.  Who said that stepping out of the box was a bad idea?
1	I've been to Coriander a couple of times and have also ordered from them through Wheel Deliver, because sometimes I get hopelessly desperate for food resembling Indian cuisine. This last visit to the restaurant, I learned something very important and that is when you see a not-so-recently deceased clown fish on the bench in front of the aquarium where you would presumably wait to be seated or sit to view the otherwise lively aquatic environment, laugh and exit the establishment immediately. Don't sit there and continue to order a feast, no, don't. I, stupidly, was able to stop peering at and laughing about the highly visible dried up and flat dead clown fish for long enough to order way too much food. Our server was new and did not know Indian food, at all. We had to slowly repeat and point to what we wanted; neither English nor any of the many Indian languages were her first language, poor girl - she probably knew about the fish - we imagined her internal struggle over what to do about it...it being her first day and all, worrying about whether she should tell anybody for fear she will be blamed or yelled at or forced to touch it, or maybe she should just pick it up already and get it out of sight, but then what if somebody sees her and attention is brought to the fact that there is indeed a dead fish and that a person who is also handling food is handling a rotting fish...Sooo, enough with Finding Nemo and on to the deplorable food. We ordered vegetable samosas as our appetizer. They were flatter and smaller than the typical samosa, scantily spiced, and they seemed to have been frozen and microwaved (hardly) rather than deep fried. They were cold. Not greasy (like I think they should be). The chutneys and mango pickle all had the quality of having been born in a factory, canned, shelved for years, opened last week and sitting out all day before being served to us. I didn't try the papadam because I could tell that that too was cheaply manufactured. For entrees, the two of us shared Baingan Bharta, Aloo Gobi and a Dosa. The Dosa was ice cold, pale white and, well, I never knew they could be frozen without breaking. The sambar that came with it tasted like Campbell's Tomato Soup. The aloo (potatoes) in the aloo gobi tasted as if from a can (can you sense a trend yet?), there wasn't much gobi (cauliflower) and the dish lacked spice and complexity. Although the texture was ok, he flavor of the Baingan Bharta was completely overwhelmed with mustard (I realized that I had noticed this with my previous take out/delivery too - so I think it's the recipe, not a fluke). The rice was basic fluffy white rice, with literally a few cumin seeds in it but nothing else of note. Nothing was garnished with cilantro/coriander leaves, no cardamom pods were found. The naan was the worst I've ever had, and like many components of the meal, contained the essence of the package it emerged from, kinda like frozen pizza dough, nothing much like fluffy, bubbly homemade naan, ok, the shape was about right, albeit too perfect. It also had regular butter (which I dislike and do not eat) on it instead of ghee (which I will tolerate). They were somehow out of garlic naan (Giant Eagle must have been out. of. garlic. naan). The only reason I would go back would be to see if the fish is STILL on the bench.
1	I have been there twice (but not recently, so maybe things are better than they used to). First time, we had to wait nearly 45 minutes to be served. Second time, the food was very very mediocre: my dosa was filled with low-quality ground beef... The room itself is dark and unpleasantly organized.
4	Really good chicken tikka masala !!! Also the goan delicacies are wonderful. The buffet isnt that great howevr...a la carte is the way to go
4	The second-best Indian buffet in the East end area, i'd say... Very clean/spartan, as well. (some Indian joints can be dingy .)  They tend to spice the dishes on the extreme side so, beware if you have the typical caucasian wimpy Pittsburgh palate where the slightest bit of heat is overwhelming.... Right on hippity hoppity Murray Avenue ...
2	I got takeout from Coriander last week. We ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and Aloo Gobi, a cauliflower-potato dish. The food does not taste authentic. The quality of the chicken was mediocre, the Tikka Masala sauce lacking in spice and flavor. Frankly it reminded me of a spiced tomato vodka sauce. I'm familiar with what this dish should taste like. It appeared as though they had used dried herbs.Even the Naan was no good! How is that possible? I love Indian cuisine and this is close to my home. Too bad it's not to my standards.They had a full bar!
3	first visit today, early dinner at the buffet.The entrees were split evenly between veg and non-veg,with a couple of desserts (a decent carrot halwa and fresh fruit)the naan was served hot, delicious.all the veg entrees were fresh-tasting and well-cookedbut they were also bland ie low on the masala and salt.The service was OK, I was not reloaded with napkins and water as often as I wanted.They have a cool-looking bar with a good (albeit limited) selection of beers on tap.The $10/head price is quite fair.
1	Food was average at best.  Rasam was thick and opaque... Not clear and tangy with the flavor of tamarind.  Buffet left a lot to be desired.  Chicken was full of bones with little meat .... Raita was ok... Kheer was disgusting.. I didn't taste one hint of cardamom.  Worst of all, I introduced myself to Victor ( owner?) because I was interested in holding a 30 person party here in a few weeks.  He showed me the area and then never said another word to me for the rest of lunch.  The waiter also had no personality and seemed bothered to wait on my mother and I.  I told my Indian husband that I think they treated me this way because I'm not Indian and he  said... No.. They will treat all this way.  Very disappointing and rude staff.  I must say the waitress with short hair was nice.  I will never set foot in this restaurant again
3	I would recommend Coriander for take-out, but definitely do not plan to eat-in there. The service was pretty awful and slow. I went with 3 other people, so we were 2 vegetarians and 2 meat-eaters. They had a good variety of food and everyone enjoyed their meals when they finally arrived, but we all got our food at different times. One of my friends did not get her appetizer until everyone else had finished theirs and we had reminded them several times. I think that they ended up not charging us for that because it was so ridiculously delayed. My husband's main course was also extremely late.There was maybe one other table of people in the restaurant so there was no reason for them to be overwhelmed with our order. I also did not like that they gave us one bowl of rice instead of everyone getting their own portions (all entrees come with rice) and they mixed together our bread orders in one basket (I ordered whole wheat roti and everyone else ordered naan, so it was hard to tell what was what). My husband and I each ordered a beer but they only brought us one, so I guess they expected us to share that too.They gave us some complimentary sorbet at the end of the meal, I guess as an apology for how slow and disorganized they were, so that was a nice gesture. As I said, the food was good but they seem to have some serious service/communication issues, so I would only trust them for take-out in the future.
1	I used to love this place, but recently this year they seem to have really cut corners and the service which is slow has gotten rude as well. A friend and I ordered take out for the first time and the food arrived quickly ( which I was surprised, 20 mins from the 60 min estimate from Wheel Deliver) only to be cold and made my friend violently ill within 10 minutes of eating it. She called the manager to tell him about her food poisoning and he basically called her a liar over the phone. Never going back, good bye the good old days when the service was friendly, thalis were on the menu and the buffet was actually good.
3	We have gone to Coriander several times with our two young children and have always had a decent experience with the food/service. The buffet is pretty good, there is a good variety of options, but we've always enjoyed the quality of the menu items when we have the time to sit and wait (the service itself has never been memorable). On our visit today we were very disappointed to see that we were charged for 2 "kids' buffets." Our kids ate 3 bites of rice and nothing else, but we were informed by our server that this was a new charge for all kids under the age of 10. We've been to almost every indian buffet in Pittsburgh and have never been charged. For this reason I'm not sure how often we'll visit, but I do hope it does well since it's located in my neighborhood and is a good option to have.
2	I wasn't crazy about this place... After trying Indian food for the first time, I was hellbent on finding an Indian restaurant closer to my home. It is within walking distance, and located near other restaurants on Murray in Squirrel Hill. The website states that they open at 11:00AM for lunch Mon-Sat, but there's a handwritten sign on the door that states they open at 11:30AM. After killing some time, I came back around 11:45AM. The restaurant's atmosphere is nice, and I like that they play Bollywood movies. The buffet wasn't fully setup yet, but I just couldn't wait to eat any longer. I went to ask a worker there for a "to go" container for the buffet. He handed it to me, and advised me to come back to the front once I got the food. I went to the buffet, and the food looked good. I chose the chicken tikka masala, rice, and a couple other veggie sides. I went to pay for the food, and the man that told me to come back to the front was behind the bar. He rang me up, and I paid... Another worker came out and greeted me. He asked the other worker if he offered me naan(which wasn't at the buffet at the time) and a bag... which he didn't until he was asked... Worker 1 bagged the food, and came out a few minutes later with the naan. When I finally got home to eat I was very disappointed... The food was extremely bland... It wasn't horrible, but I had to improvise on the taste with things I have at my home. The chicken tikka masala was watery, and the chicken was tough. It didn't even look like white meat... I probably won't be going back. Worker 2 was very nice, but worker 1 needed an attitude adjustment... Also, if they don't open until 11:30AM, they should have that on the website, and they should have everything ready when they open...
1	worst indian restaurant i've been to. the food tasted bland, the saag paneer was a cardboard version of others I've had. would only recommend if you really love indian and don't like to leave Squirrel Hill.
3	My wife and I dropped in on Saturday night this past week. Decent crowd near the bar. The overall ambiance is a bit broken up with the front part of the restaurant feeling empty and bit bland. The booths near the bar and the tables toward the back are much more welcoming. Decor is nice in this area.We ordered the standards for us - Palaak Paneer and Chicken Tikka Masala with Naan. The Palaak Paneer left a lot to be desired. It was pretty bland. The Tikka Masala was really tasty though. And the Naan was really good! Might be the best around!We were served quickly and professionally. They have a full bar, which we thought was impressive for a small Indian restaurant.Overall, we will probably stop in again.  It was a good spot to have dinner before a movie in Squirrel Hill.
1	EPIC FAILURE! I am BOYCOTTING Coriander India Grill for life! I used to be a huge fan (See my previous review), but I had a horrible experience there on Christmas Day 2012, which has TURNED ME OFF FOR LIFE! I'm an event planner for Meetup.com. In 2012, I planned a Holiday Dinner at Coriander India Grill for December 25, 2012. I CALLED & CONFIRMED a reservation with the owner 3 weeks in advance, and had his assurance that his kitchen could handle taking individual dinner orders and writing separate checks for an estimated group of 20 people. I even asked if he would have enough kitchen and wait staff to handle our group and was ASSURED that they would be well-staffed, and it wouldn't be a problem.On Dec. 25, 2012, 18 people from Meetup attended the All-Holidays Dinner at Coriander. Soon after my arrival, I got into a 10-minute heated debate with one of the waiters, as I tried to confirm that each person would receive a separate check. The owner/manager, Victor, had COMPLETELY FAILED to communicate this information to his wait staff, and the waiter was refusing (at first) to write separate checks. THIS IS A DEAL BREAKER FOR ME AS AN EVENT PLANNER! It's a nightmare to try and split a check with 18 people! It took a while, but the waiter finally agreed to my request--after I asked to speak to the owner. But, I SHOULD NOT HAVE NEEDED TO DEBATE this in the first place--when the owner had confirmed with me over the phone 3 weeks earlier that this would not be a problem! That argument took time away from my friends, and away from my enjoyment of this event.After that issue was resolved, and we had all ordered our food, one of my members got up, put on his coat, and started to leave--before his food had even arrived! I asked him why he was leaving so soon, and he informed me that his WATER GLASS HAD LIPSTICK ON THE RIM, and he had to ask for a new glass! Then, when he took his silverware out of his napkin, THE NAPKIN HAD LIPSTICK ON IT, TOO! And, the butter knife was dirty. This person had planned on enjoying a meal with friends, but was so disgusted that he got up and left. I was horrified, and now embarrassed that I had even recommended this restaurant. I apologized to the group and convinced them to stay! (We had already ordered, and where else could we go--last minute--on Christmas Day?)I'm still not sure how someone FAILS to notice lipstick on the rim of a water glass while setting a table. It was not that dark in the restaurant. After that person left, things got even worse!!!I don't know if it the staff was intentionally punishing us for "daring" to ask for separate checks or complaining about lipstick on a glass and napkin. I don't know if the owner had deceived me on the phone weeks earlier when he assured me there would be enough kitchen staff to accommodate our group. What I DO KNOW IS THAT IT TOOK OVER 90 MINUTES TO GET OUR FOOD!!! I suspect this was a PASSIVE-AGGRESSIVE MOVE on their part meant to punish us--because--many people who got seated AFTER US at nearby tables, got served their food BEFORE US!The final insult for me came when I spoke to the owner/manager, Victor, at the end of the night, and he REFUSED TO APOLOGIZE for anything! I can understand having a bad night. We're all human. But, apparently the words, "I'm sorry" don't exist in his vocabulary. He was completely UNAPOLOGETIC. He acted like these things were perfectly normal and acceptable, and there was no apology whatsoever, and no assurance that these things wouldn't happen again. It was his attitude, as much as the problems, which made me decide to never set food inside that restaurant ever again Lipstick on a glass of water and napkin is NOT NORMAL! Failing to convey important information to your staff after CONFIRMING SEPARATE CHECKS with a customer by phone is unacceptable. And not apologizing for your mistakes is also UNACCEPTABLE.Also worth noting:  the restaurant was not that busy when our group first arrived, and only about half the tables were full at that point. Victor used the excuse that they were very busy that night, and that it's "normal" to wait 90 minutes for food to be served in a busy restaurant. I disagree. That was one of the longest waits for dinner I have EVER experienced in my LIFE! And, I had specifically asked him if it would be a problem--if he would have enough kitchen staff to handle it--and he had assured me it would not be a problem. Obviously, he was wrong.What a TERRIBLE WAY to run a business when you alienate one of your very best customers who happens to be the MAIN ORGANIZER of a Dining Group! His refusal to apologize when clearly he and his staff made a SERIES of mistakes was infuriating! I have brought many people there in the past, but after this TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE, I will never return, and I will be telling my friends the story of their EPIC FAILURE and BAD SERVICE for years to come.
5	Had the lamb xacuti and it was amazing! The service was extremely friendly and very responsive. Will definitely come back.
4	Great for takeout. Try the samosas!
1	this is the worst indian restaurant experience  i had ever had. I was there to have dinner with a body of mine who came to visit me from florida. I took him to thus place and turned out to be a disaster. The wait staff was completely lost and barely spoke or understood english. We ordered 2 glasses of wine and by the time we drank the whole wine we were not even waited for appetizers. The couple sitting behind my table was complaining about their appetizer not being served after 50 minutes. finally when their appetizer came on the table , went right back to the kitchen with the complain of fish being very tasteless and salty. Finally a lady who did not even seem like a waitress and was dressed like in a house came and tried to wait on us . When i asked how long would it take for the appetizer, she replies in a  rude manner at least 30 minutes. I had no choice to leave after drinking a glass of red wine.  This experience is never forgiven or forgotten.I will never return to this place ever in my life nor recommend anybody about this place. My night with my buddy turned out to be a disaster .
4	I've ordered takeout twice now; the first time I ordered the goat biryani, and I just tried the chicken biryani the other day. Both were great! The basmati rice is a little bit bland and slightly oily, but the flavor of the dish overall is fantastic, especially if you order it spicy (5/10 is pretty mild, so I usually just order it 10/10 spicy). Add in a bit of paprika and cumin at home, and it's perfect! Both orders only took ~20 or so minutes, and the serving sizes for takeout are pretty huge--I split it across two days. I can't speak to the negative reviews for sit-down service, but takeout has been great so far!
3	Well I'm sad to report that this place has slid. The owner / main guy - whatever - is always really nice and remembers my preferences, which is nice, so it's sad to write this. The buffet is now not only smaller, it is less flavorful and less tended to. The tamarind today was extremely watery. I assume they are in stuff competition for college students with All India on Craig, but it's a shame that means cutting quality corners. Unexpectedly Disappointing experience today.
4	Stopped in for lunch on Sunday. Went for the buffet as I saw they had my favorite - chicken tikka masala. The variety was rather decent for a $10 buffet, even if I could have wished for the roti to be chewy rather than crispy (it's rather difficult to mop up the sauces with a cracker). I had small portions of the veggie pakora, the aforementioned ctm, mango chicken (both chicken dishes were just like I like them - chicken breast cut into small cubes with no extraneous items such as cartilage or skin present - believe me, that doesn't always happen to be the case) and a vegetable dish with creamy sauce (not sure of the name, but I should have gone for it first, it was that good!). Not much by way of dessert except the traditional gulab jamun and some fruit, but I didn't mind as I had my heart set on a pastry from a nearby Vietnamese shop.Side note - I saw a decent number of Indian diners, which is always a plus in my book.
4	My experience here was wonderful (minus the construction on the adjoining hallway). The food was good. I got the Chicken Tikka  Masala and it was delicious. The chicken was a little fatty, but the sauce was great!i thought the staff was great and friendly! I'll be back!
3	Coriander is a pretty basic Indian food place. Nothing too special, nothing too terrible. The lunch buffet is good, and most entrees I've experienced (seen/tried/etc) have been great, but there have been a few disappointments. The mimosas are definitely less than impressive, and service can sometimes be a little weird. If someone were to ask if I could tell where to get the best Indian food in Pittsburgh, I wouldn't say Coriander, but if someone asked if they should try Coriander, I would say go for it. There's a big chance your food will be good.
