5	A much needed addition to the Lebo restaurants of Washington Rd. I have been to KousKous twice and loved my food both times.  I do not eat red meat but was able to find great seafood or vegetarian options.  My boyfriend loved his beef and plum tangine.  They have daily specials as well.  I will be returning for sure.  Oh I recommend getting reservations as the place is small (and hot!) and on weekends is packed! I hope the owner remains true to his vision and continues to create wonderful food.  A delicious gem!
5	Wow, I'm becoming a bigger and bigger fan of Moroccan food everyday.  I had my first tajine dish awhile back in the wilderness of Big Sur, CA and now an all vegetarian lunch in Mt. Lebanon.  Obviously, this food niche is filling out every corner of the states.First of all, Kous Kous' atmosphere is very inviting, the colors and lighting definitely take you away from Pgh.  Chef Khila even came out to ask us about our meal, and give us tips on preserving lemons and finding Moroccan spices in the Strip.The food was absolutely delicious and fulfilling.  I'm not easily satiated, so a vegetarian meal that fills me is astonishing.  We had appetizers of eggplant zaalouk, hummus, and tak-tooka (peppers and olives).  All we're served cold and complemented each other well.  We shared the veggie couscous for a main hot dish, and it had a very nice blend of spices and a WIDE variety of grilled vegetables.  To add a local element - we saw an Amish farmer come into the kitchen to talk produce sales with the chef!  Is Pittsburgh becoming a bastion of local buying, vegetarianism, and cross culture dining?!?!?I love it, keep up the good work Kous Kous.
5	Mmmmmm.  The lamb was melt-in-your-mouth tender and the saffron potatoes and squash were cut in great tasty chunks.  My boyfriend and I celebrated an anniversary here.  It's a charming little place with a homey ambiance and delicious no-frills Moroccan staples.  Perfect.
4	Actually 4.5 stars.  Great little restaurant.  Owner and Chef is Moroccan. Menu has some of the typical kebabs and falafel but the preparation is great.  Rooms is small.  Great crusty bread. Had a spinach salad with berries, walnuts and gorganzola - was very good. A cup of harira was very flavorful. The lamb was perfect had a sweet and spicy sauce. This place is worth trying and coming back to.  Every thing we ordered had delicious flavors and is well prepared.
5	This place is amazing. I don't normally like couscous, but the couscous I ordered with my Beef with Plums was out of this world. It's really small, only 6 tables, but the food was really good.
5	This was my first time at Kous Kous and certainly will not be my last!  The atmosphere is charming and very quaint. The entire restuarant was full with an obnoxious birthday party and nearly ruined the experience for us.  Until the food arrived...The food was just out of this world.  The homemade bread was freshly baked served with a dipping oil.  We had two appetizers of zaalouk, eggplant with tomato over grilled pita and a fresh spring mix.  We then had the goat cheese cigar, a phylo cigar stufed with goat cheese, pears with a pistachio cream sauce.  Delicious!  For our entree's we had the the lamb shank that really did just fall off the bone and melt in your mouth.  The blend of flavors were great.  The free range chicken tagine was cooked with ginger and saffron with the best potatoes.The Chef came out to ask us about our meal and his mother was just wonderful and more than apologetic with regards to the obnoxious birthday party.  Truely a hidden gem worth checking out!
5	A new favorite spot in Pittsburgh! Too bad it's all the way out in the South Hills! I would be eating the fresh beet salad for lunch everyday! As a starter Mr. B and I ordered the Beet salad and Cold platter. The salad had such amazing flavor, I tasted anise, cumin, coriander, and a spacial tangy vinaigrette that had me thinking the beets had been marinated or pickled. Paired with the walnuts and Gorgonzola on a bed of fresh greens. Aaahmaazing! The cold platter consisted of hummus, Tak-tooka, and Zaalooouk. The last two were new to me and I wanted more, with the homemade pita we scooped up every bite. The hummus also had a unique consistency and seasoning. BYOB spaces are my favorite and in commemoration of the Halloween holiday I picked out a red zinfandel that was a ZOMBIE wine. It was only a $12 bottle but with the entree it really tasted decent.We ordered the special of the evening a specially Moroccan seasoned Chicken on the bone, with cous cous. The taste was delicately sweet but also had power with the other spices. The cous cous was very light and almost buttery. We really enjoyed our meal and I will be back to try more. At the end of the evening the Chef and owner came out to check on every table. I have to say he was welcomed by smiles all around!
4	Pretty good.  Dropped in when I found Little Tokyo completely full with a 45-minute wait, so we popped across and were able to get a table in ten minutes.  (It's a very small dining room.  We got lucky; I'll recommend that you reserve a table.)  Bisteeya was a cute little individual-sized pastry - taste was excellent.  We also had the couscous (a little mound of the pasta piled high with yummy roasted veggies) and the chicken and olive tagine.  The sauce/broth in the tagine was a little blander than what I normally like in that tagine, but still very good, and the chicken was delicious.Service was very friendly and helpful, and the chef leaves the kitchen to chat when he has a chance.  Great staff.  Decor maybe leaves a little to be desired at this price point.  It's not distracting, but it hardly feels like you walked in from a Pittsburgh street into a little restaurant in Rabat, either.  (...Not that it needs to feel like a theme restaurant.)If you've never had Moroccan, definitely go try it.  If you have had Moroccan and like it, Kous Kous is your local fix.
5	Wow! Quite possibly one of the most flavorful places I have ever tried. Decided to try this place on a Wednesday night. This place is small, only about 7-8 tables in the place. I don't know if this place takes reservations but I can imagine that it is a good idea if you want to try and get into this place on weekend. My special lady and I started off with Zaalouk which is a flame roasted Eggplant concoction. I was really impressed by the vibrant flavor that was contained in this appetizer.  Than we had the goat cheese cigar if this is there interpretation of a cigar they must smoke some very large stogies in Morocco. It was really big! essentially a whole goat cheese log that was fried and served with a honey and pistachio sauce that was really added to the dish. The sauce almost reminded me of a more subtle tasting green curry sauce. I will tell you right know that the serving size contained in these two appetizers was pretty big for us 2. One could probably get away with sharing these 2 apps with another 2 people because at this point I was sure that I was hungry enough for an entree.But what the heck right binge eating is fun now and again especially when everything is so gosh darn good! I ordered the lamb Tfaya, which quickly looked like hey there is only a lamb bone on your plate. The Lamb Shank was cooked better than perfect. and just fell off the bone. I have no idea what the lamb was seasoned with but I felt like Emeril should have been screamin "BAM!" in my face. The lady had shrimp which I tried. They are essentially fire grilled large shrimp on a skewer and a sauce that is made from various spices. Once again extremely flavorful and cooked to perfection. The service was also exceptional and I thought that it was a really nice that the chef came to each table and introduced himself and asked us how we liked everything. That shows me that they really take pride in the dishes they are turning out here.Oh and it is also BYOB with a $5 cork fee. Also the other nice thing is that there is ample parking as there is a parking garage right on the corner from here and after 6pm there is a flat rate of $2. So bring a good bottle and this meal will likely be one that you will come back to have over and over again. I know that I'm going to be a regular here, I'm sure happy I stopped in here.
1	Awful experience.  Average food and service does not make up for one of the worse dining experiences of my life.  Beware if you expect to spend more than an hour eating.  They'll ask you to leave.  They don't need to worry - we'll never return.
4	Great authentic restaurant. I lived in Morocco for a year, and gained 15lbs while I was there because the food was so good. Since then, I crave their food, and love that we found Kous Kous to fix that craving. I get the Harira Soup every time I go and it's delicious. I've also had the kefta sandwich and the couscous, both equally as good. The owner's extremely friendly, as is the wait staff. It's nice to have a little piece of Morocco right here in Pittsburgh. I just wish I lived closer to Mt. Lebanon.
4	The lamb shank, covered in a heavenly caramelized onion and spices, falls off the bone and melts in your mouth.  The couscous and vegatable medley sides are a terrific complement to the main dish.  Also the appetizer platter with warm pita is great.  I fully enjoyed my meal at this place.  My only complaint (and only hinderance to a 5 star rating) was how uncomfortably small the place is.  We were so pushed up against the next table, that I had trouble using my arms and my friends on the other side of the table got bumped into by the front door several times during our meal.  Still a great experience.  I will definitely go back and try other items on this limited, but tasty menu.  BYOB - yay!!!
4	Wow!  Remind me why it has been so long.  What a little gem of a place.  The food is like visiting the country.   A very good ethnic restaurant that specializes in Moroccan food.  The chef and another women run the kitchen, with a few waitresses.   The dinner menu has some great selections, though it is small.  But then again, the restaurant is small and you get fresh ingredients with authentic flavors of Morocco and a chef that cooks all the meals.Went with a few friends, and you better have reservations on the weekends.  The crusty, chewy bread was great; it came with an olive oil dip.  We shared the veggie hummus that came with a slightly chewy grilled pita and beet salad...both were tasty, fresh and delicious.   Next I had a special of lamb chops that were tender and cooked perfectly.  The lamb was perfect with a sweet and spicy sauce and some grilled veggies.  We had the table by the kitchen and could look in and see the chef at work.  This place is tiny and tables are close, so it gets a little noisy.  Try not to get the table in front of the door.  Our waitress was OK but did not know what each person ordered,   she just asked.  If you like to try some great fresh food with a little bit of flavor, this is the place.Oh yea, BYOB!  Yea!  And every table did!
5	Please refer to my previous review of this place, absolutely one of my favorite places in town. I rarely review a place twice but I cannot emphasize what a great place this is from the moment you walk in the door Service is great right along with the food. The aromas of the food cranked out in this place are amazing. I wish I could bottle some of that up and bring it home with me. I have no idea why there isn't a line out the door to come eat at this joint! Well apparently on the weekends they can be pretty busy so definitely come here for dinner during the week. Parking is so convenient as well since the parking garage is about 3 feet from the front door of this place. The prices are also very reasonable for the amount of delicious food you are getting.
3	I struggled with whether to give this a 3 or 4 star review.  The food was eh, but the service was exceptional.The Food:I had salmon tagine, which was strangely runny and flavorless.  I felt the apps were so much better than the entrees...  Except for the hummus, which was only mediocre.  The couscous was good.  The goat cheese cigars, however, were absolutely divine!  They were very simple, but I would have been happier to just eat a platter of those.  .The Service:The restaurant is so tiny that it seats less than 20 people.  On a Thursday night, there were only two other couples.  That said, there was only one server and one kitchen worker--the chef--on duty.  They both did a great job of keeping up with the customers' orders.The Rest:While the decor was pretty basic, with some Moroccan touches, I really liked where the kitchen was placed.  It's in an elevated corner, so guests can see the chef working from every table, which was pretty cool.On a funny note, the server and chef made a big deal once they found out it was another customer's birthday.  A desert was brought out with a candle and pictures were taken.  However, it was also my birthday and my date had surprised me with this dinner.  Since the other group had already done the birthday thing and my date had forgotten to mention it with his reservation, he was really disappointed he felt that he couldn't use that on me as it had just been done.  I was glad since I hate that stuff, so it was a somewhat happy ending!
5	The ambiance is casual, the service is friendly, and the food is EXCELLENT--a perfect combination.  We had the spinach salad (divine), the beet salad (great), and the eggplant appetizer with grilled pita bread (yum!).  We ate so much we could barely stumble our way onto the main courses.  All were clearly made fresh and with care and attention.  The aromas, spices, and cooking is all done to perfection.  This is truly a wonderful, hidden place!!!
3	I was so excited to bring my mom here to use the $40 for $20 coupon that I bought for her for Mother's day.  Do not get me wrong, this place has some good food, but it is extremely pricey for the portions you receive.  I honestly think the best part of the meal was the free bread.  I do not know what is in it or how they make it, but it is delicious. The eggplant appetizer was also delicious, but once again, the plate was loaded with pitas and in the center there was only a ice cream scoop worth of eggplanty goodness.My duck set me back $21 and it really did not taste like the kind of duck I have had at other places.  It was missing that true gamey taste that usually accompanies the wild animal.  Honestly the two small legs of duck simply tasted like chicken.  Also, I was very disappointing with the fact that I asked for vegetables rather than the rice, and the chef did not give me any additional veggies.  All the entrees already come with the grilled veggies, so I was expecting a good amount of greens; however, there was only one piece of cauliflower, 4 green beans, and a few pieces of broccoli and squash.  The apricot sauce was the best part.My mothers Scallop special ($23) was also a like small for the price.  Once again the portion of rice and veggies were very little and there were only 4 pieces of scallops.  The reason I decided on the 3-star rather than 2 was because the food was good and the staff was very kind, but I just wish I would have gotten the bang for my buck.  Thank god I had that coupon.
5	In the words of my daughter, "I love kous kous cafe!" The service is friendly, and the food is amazing. The place is small, but it's a good kind of small. The kind that makes you feel like you're dining at someone's house. This intimacy is made even more apparent by the way the chef leans out of the kitchen and asks how you liked  the food. Everything is amazing, but be sure to get the mint tea and taftooka.
4	My husband and I were looking for something "exotic" to eat on Saturday night. I suggested we try the Kous Kous cafe in Mt. Lebo. I called for reservations at 4:30 pm and we were able to get in at 7:30! Not bad for such a tiny place- I counted 28 seats. I love the open kitchen and watching the chef prepare my meal. We started with the hummus of the day- lemon and cilantro. The presentation was beautiful but the flavors were a little over powering. The cilantro definitely took over the dish. For dinner, I ordered the shrimp and chicken kebob with rice, veggies and an avacado/cilantro coulis. My husband ordered the lamb shank with cous cous and veggies. We both enjoyed our meals but felt that the flavors weren't all they could be. Again, the coulis was rather heavy on the cilantro. The lamb shank was also lacking seasoning. Overall, our meals were good but not fantastic. On the plus side, the service was incredible. It was obvious that the two servers were a bit overwhelmed as every table was full but, they maintained professionalism and a cheery disposition If you are in the mood for something different, give this place a try.
5	This is a lovely little place for authentic fresh tasty dishes.Pros: Everything is made fresh, prices reasonable given the quality, great seasoning, great decor, unique menu items.Cons: Place is small, under 10 tables, VERY TIGHT SEATING. Food takes a long time. Sure, they prepare you for the wait, but it still takes a long time. There is essentially only one chef/cook.  Service is generally ok, sometimes forgetful, and occasionally aloof. Given two waitresses with a small number of tables and a small physical area to cover, service should have been better.It's BYOB and I'd highly recommend reservations. We were darn lucky to walk in on a Friday night.While we aren't vegetarian, we ate all vegetarian dishes there and they were fantastic. Not enough to get me to forego meat full-time, but they were great.We were fortunate enough to visit Morocco years ago and the tile work, light shades, mint tea glasses, were all spot-on with what we saw (and purchased.)Definitely recommended!
1	I hate to only put 1 star but it is deserved. PROS: Roasted Red Pepper Hummus made fresh.  Good portion sizes and fresh ingredients.CONS: The server was rude, impatient and felt like we were on her schedule.  She snapped at us when we inquired about our appetizers. Once we had our entrees, she watched over us like a hawk.  Felt rushed and uncomfortable.  With it being such a small establishment, her hovering made us feel like we were in a mouse-hole.We could not find any lamb in the Lamb Stew. The couscous in the grilled chicken skewer couscous was soggy and unflavored. Extremely disappointed in the dish since it is basically the establishment's name. The sandwich was clumsily made and fell apart with the first bite.  Not much flavor, especially for Moroccan food.Never returning.
4	Nice lunch here today.  We had all vegan dishes (we are not vegan, just happened that way) and it was all tasty.  I really enjoyed the mint, green tea.  Quick, healthy lunch.
5	I loved the food here!  I swear Mt Leb has some of the greatest restaurants and every time I'm in the area it grows on me more and more.  Kous Kous is a small Byob Mongolian spot.  My buddies and I made reservations ahead of time and judging by the small size and people getting turned away at the door reservations are a must.  I went with the chicken and shrimp dish and I almost licked the plate clean...super delicious!  We also had the red pepper hummus served w peppers and eggplant also excellent.  Chef is a tall slender guy who takes careful time and prep w every dish.  Skip the desserts here...we tried the choc almond torte and it was nothing special (not made in-house).  The price ranges from $15-$22 per dish but the Byob keeps cost down.  Between 3 people our bill ran $90...not bad for superb food.
5	Ummm hi deliciousness, I've missed you!  Wow what a great little place with uh-mazing food.  It's byob - bonus!  Has friendly staff - bonus!  Has awesome food - we've attained the Yelp trifecta.We ordered a sampler appetizer dish which had red pepper hummus, eggplanty stuff, and a salad (if I remember correctly) to start since our waitress warned us that the food could take 45 minutes to prepare as they make everything fresh.  The hummus was soooo good and so was the eggplant.  For the main course I ordered the beef with plums - WOW!  This dish was great, the beef was tender and flavorful (not overly salty) and the slight sweetness from the plums complimented the dish very well.  It was a healthy portion and while there was a part of me that could have walloped the entire dish I took some home to enjoy the next day.  We did order the desert which was a chocolate mousse like "cake"...I use the word "cake" loosely as it had no spongy texture.  Compared to the other parts of the meal this was just meh.  I could have done without it but it wasn't horrible.
4	I love when you come into a restaurant and have a whole dining experience. You're welcomed by a friendly face; informed about the dishes in a specific way that makes you know they put thought into their dishes; take part in a delicious meal and enjoy a bottle of wine over good conversation. That's what I experienced here.For starters, it's BYOB, so remember to bring your fave bottle along with you! So once you pop open a bottle, you can sit back and enjoy the delicious food they're serving up. For starters we tried the Platter of Zaalouk, TakTooka, House Hummus and grilled pita. I thought the hummus was good, but it was the Zaalouk (roasted eggplant) and TakTooka (roasted red pepper) that stole the show. The flavors and the way it was cooked just all blended together harmoniously on my pita bread!I liked that before we put in our order, they explain to you that the food preparation can take as much as 40 minutes. I appreciated that they tell you that up front. I could tell from the way they ran things, it wasn't for a a frazzled chef to make meals, it was to allow time to make an amazing meal to come together.For the main course I choose the scallop special. When it came out there were four large, perfectly seared scallops that tasted just as incredible as it looked! It came in a pool of delish butternut squash reduction with large pieces of butternut squash and sweet potatoes. The flavors, again, were bursting in the dish. I was so incredibly satisfied afterwards!We ordered a chocolate mousse cake. It wasn't made in house, but brought in by a supplier. It wasn't too thrilling after a wonderful meal. I'd say just stick with the savory dishes here and let them be your palate thriller for the night!
4	I ate here a couple of Saturdays ago with my girlfriend for dinner.  This was actually our 4th time attempting to come here as the first time we didn't have reservations and the middle two times we were called and told the chef was sick.  As such we were excited to finally be eating here.  The inside is intimate and I think I counted about 8 tables with an open kitchen and some artwork on the walls.My girlfriend and i decided to start out our evening with the sampler platter.  It came with Zaalouk, TakTooka, House Hummus and Pita Chips.  All of the dips were good but I think my favorite part was the still hot pita chips.  For my entree I decided to go with the chicken tagine which came inside the traditional earthenware pot.  It consisted of Saffron and ginger marinated chicken breast, preserved lemons, cured olives, tumeric reduction, and potatoes.  As the pot was opened I got a full aroma of everything inside and it smelled good.  It also tasted good as the chicken was moist and the vegetables were spiced very nicely without being spicy.  It was refreshing for my palate to try many different spices that are not usually used where we go to eat.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here again in the future.  The food tasted good and I loved that it was BYOB for a nominal fee.
4	My Cauliflower Tagine, Chocolate Mousse, and Bastilla appetizer (a flaky pastry stuffed with chicken, egg, raisin, and other things) were all so good, I'm willing to almost forgive the cramped space, getting hit with the door we were seated right in front of for some reason (they had an empty table for 2 in the back yet put us in a table for 4???), the cold draft, and the somewhat choppy service. They were also out of a bunch of menu items I wanted. The tagine was my 3rd or 4th choice. Make a reservation if you go since seating is limited.
4	My friend and I were scrambling to find a place to have a single girl dinner on Valentine's Day and miraculously found a table in this tiny restaurant! This is definitely a place where you want to make reservations. It's small to the point of being cramped, but there's really not much they can do about it in this location. Don't expect the most comfortable seating arrangement is all I'm sayin'.The main courses take about 40 minutes to prepare. Since our reservation was on the later side, we started with two appetizers to quell our hunger--the sardine salad and the Zaalouk (roasted eggplant dip). Loved the Zaalouk, especially with the grilled pita. The sardine salad was not my favorite. I had never had sardines before, but since I love anchovies on my salad, I thought I'd like sardines too. Well, I learned that sardines are more akin to tuna, and kinda flavorless. Otherwise, the salad was fine. I saw someone order the beet salad and was jealous of how amazing it looked by comparison.When my shortrib tagine came out, I was sadly not very hungry due to the long wait for food. It was served boiling hot (literally, bubbling!) in a syrupy sauce with prunes and almonds. I hate to be "that person," but I order this preparation at my favorite Moroccan place in New York, and it's some life-changing braised meat. This didn't quite reach that level. The meat was a little tougher than I prefer for shortrib, but it was delicious nonetheless and since the portion was so large, I ate most of it for lunch the next day. Overall a solid meal and I'm glad we have a Moroccan option in Pittsburgh.
4	This was my second visit to this tiny restaurant on the main drag in Mt Lebanon.  I had been once before a couple years ago for dinner but decided to try lunch while in the area.  I had ordered a tagine for dinner and wasn't in love with it.  It was really heavy as I recall even though I had ordered chicken.  It was awhile ago but I can remember thinking it was expensive and not brilliant.  I ordered the appetizer platter for lunch and it was absolutely terrific.  It had a black bean hummus, vegetable hummus, roasted vegetables and an eggplant dish.  It was served with a small side salad minty and lightly dressed and surrounded by a fortress of grilled pita wedges.  We were going to go to Aladdins but their pita is thin and looks and tastes like shoe leather.  This pita was really nice.   It had a grilled flavor and was a quality product.  The hummus were great.  I loved the vegetable hummus, it was spicy and nicely seasoned.  Everything on the plate was delicious.  I would definitely come back and try some more.  I should have given them another chance years ago.
4	Very tiny and cramped space, so go early or make a reservation, and hope that you're not seated near the door, as there is nothing between you and the winter wind when it's opened. The food here is made from scratch and very fresh, and I very much enjoyed my lunch of house salad and soup of the day, which was a tangy and delicious tomato bisque. The salad is very lightly dressed with a minty vinaigrette and was tasty. I would go with the veggie sampler next time, as my husband ordered ti and it was great. I have had the chicken tagine and found it swimming in a little too much oil for my taste. Great place to go if you're a vegetarian.
4	Food is decent. Ordered lamb chop, the meat is crispy outside and tender inside, with flavorful spices all over. Place was crowded. Making a  reservation before you go would be recommended.
2	I thought this place was going to be awesome based on the reviews. I just went to lunch there and got the Chicken Kebob and cous cous dish and there were only 5 very small peices of chicken, most of which were so burned I could barely eat them. The plate was $10.95 and only came with a small scoop of cous cous, a couple veggies, and the burned chicken peices. I thought it came with a salad and bread based on the menu, but the waitress said no. She nicely brought me some cucumber salad (which was good and the reason this place got any stars) and pita bread (also burned). Maybe it was because it was lunch and not dinner, but the quality was poor, the service was slow and unfriendly, and the atmosphere was dull. I see it's BYOB, which is nice. Maybe wine would make the place better. ;P
5	I rarely frequent establishments more than 1-2 times a year...  but Kous Kous is different.Nowhere else in the city can you get a reasonable priced, high end meal w/ BYOB and a intimate feel (there are less than 10 tables easily) like here.  Its a family business where the chef talks to the patrons and his wife takes the orders.As for the food, my god.  Some of the best grilled pitas and hummus in the city (flavor rotates daily and I recommend the platter app) and all of the dishes feature well cooked braised or seared meats that fall off the bone.All in all a great date spot.
4	The food tastes great with all the spices the use. Big problem though: the service is verrrr...(a million years)...rrryy slow!
4	My first Moroccan food.  I tried the fish and my husband had the chicken tagine.  Both were pretty tasty.  The scallops my friend ordered were perfect.  It's a bit pricey so if I return with an unlimited budget, I'll get the scallops next time.
4	Great place and great food. It's BYOB which is also a great thing. The only thing is that the restaurant is a bit small and cramped but other than that, amazing place.
5	Hands down my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh!  This is one of the few restaurants in Pittsburgh that would not only survive, but thrive in any major food city.  Everything is prepared from scratch.  The lamb is ridiculously tender.  Order anything on the menu, you will not be disappointed.  I like the open kitchen and the fact that there are only 6 or 8 tables in the dining room.  Abdel (the one man kitchen / show!) is kind to come around to the tables and ask about the food.
5	I've only been here twice, but each time has been a memorable experience. The food is amazing! I ordered the vegetarian couscous and my dining partner ordered the cauliflower dish. Both were cooked to perfection. Each of the various vegetables on my plate were cooked to their specific temperature. Something I never do at home because I'm always in a rush. Be prepared to make a reservation (dinner only on Fridays and Saturdays) and to be there at least an hour. Everything is made fresh and that takes time!
5	I've been here a bunch of times, and my experience on a Saturday night didn't let me down!We were lucky enough to snag a reservation for immediately following the Mt. Lebo BrewFest 2013, held across the street behind PNC Bank and the Saloon. (which was also a lot of fun, even in the rain!)We grabbed quick drinks and apps at Walnut Grill before heading over.The food was again fantastic.... This time the Salmon was plentiful and tasty, and the rack of lamb was to die for.  I asked for it to be cooked medium, and it came out somewhere between medium-rare and medium, but it was awesome!The delivery of the food was somewhat slow, as usual, but it was worth the wait.  Read my earlier reviews for more details.This place is BYOB and make sure to get a reservation!  Parking is available in the nearby garage across from Rolliers Hardware.
4	For just under 16 dollars, my mom and I enjoyed traditional Moroccan food made from scratch and drizzled in love.Kous Kouse has simple decor and limited seating, but from the moment you enter - the staff here will go out of their way to make sure that you feel welcome.My mom ordered the tomato soup of the day and I ordered the salmon tagine with fragrant rice.The tomato soup was made that day and my mom adored it. It was creamy and rich with flavor. My salmon tagine was exceptional. It was made in a clay pot and the salmon was tender and soaked up the tagine sauce nicely. There was a great array of accompanying vegetables and the rice - though small in portion was spiced and melted in the mouth.Leading up to our meal - we could see their chef preparing everything with precision and care. Everything was made there and on the spot - and though it can be a little slow at times - it's because the food is fresh and not re-heated.My mom and I were tempted to order dessert, but being that we were under a tight schedule - we thanked their kind chef and efficient waitress and headed back into the Mount Lebanon cold.Kous Kous is definitely worth trying. The number of other dishes that I saw being put together while we waited for ours' all looked delicious and were presented beautifully.Trust.
4	Amazing hummus platter and lamb shank. byob. Small restaurant. Definitely make reservations.
4	I've been here a number of times for lunch and dinner and have always had a fresh, interesting and tasty meal. I love 1) that their menu offers some healthier options, grilled items, healthier sauces, etc 2) that they take reservations and 3) that they are Byo. It's small and charming and has a ton more character than the walnut grill (or other similar options) down the street. It's not cheap, but you will enjoy yourself and be treated to a quality meal!
5	One of the best kept secrets in Pittsburgh. Fantastic spices and flavors to all the dishes. Highly recommend the lemon cilantro hummus and lamb shank. Reservations are a must. BYOB.
4	I'm only docking one star (and I wish I could do just a half), due to their hours. I love this place when we can recall to go when they are actually open and remember that it's BYOB. The good is expertly prepared and delicious!  The service and atmosphere are most charming!
4	IT IS BYOB! We did not know this when we arrived but it the food was fantastic!! It is a really small place 6-7 tables in the whole place so be prepared that this is your night. Large groups come in because there is a lot of food that comes your way. The food was delicious, we had a grilled shrimp.
5	My first visit and was totally impressed. The soup and chicken sandwich were excellent. The dressing on sandwich was excellentWill go again next time I'm in Pittsburgh and will tell my Pittsburgh friends
4	Traveling on business and stopped in to try a new place not ga from the hotel. Good was great and service was good.  I would recommend to anyone.
5	Always great to be back. It's a lot like eating at a Moroccan friend's house with a kick ass personal chef.
4	Excellent food.
5	From the time we arrived and were pleasantly seated at our table, until the moment we left, the overall service knocked our socks off. There wasn't a moment we were left with a dry water glass or a missing utensil. The flavors found in each and every dish were incredibly pleasing. We had initially asked for some harissa to be served on the side with our dishes, however found we never even needed to use it. Everything was seasoned to perfection.The ambiance was very much what I would imagine dining in the owners home would be like. His presence is there, engaging with the guests, and his passion for every thing he prepares is felt in every bite you take. The open kitchen feature allows guests to even interact with the Chef.We started with an array of appetizers including the beet salad (a must) and the platter of delicious fresh hummuses, grilled vegetables and pita (a definite crowd pleaser). Because we were a party of 7, we had the pleasure of trying just about every dish on the menu. Amongst my favorites were the Amish Chicken, the Salmon Tagine and the Vegetable cous cous. In my opinion, the cous cous is one of the best parts of the meal and I wish it were served with each and every dish! We also had the special of the day which was the most delectable lamb sausage I have ever tasted (and I don't normally even eat lamb :-)).The portions are incredibly generous, so go hungry! And the BYOB feature is of course a bonus, keeping the overall cost of the meal down. Kous Kous goes down in my book as my new favorite restaurant discovery in the South Hills of Pittsburgh, if not all of Pittsburgh. A hidden gem.
5	This is the first time I have come here for brunch(only open for brunch on Sundays) and I loved it! I got the banana Nutella crepe and it was FANTASTIC. Great portion sizes and for how amazing the restaurant is, it is well priced. I highly recommend this place, and it's even better for dinner(Tuesday-Saturday)!
5	Last Sunday, I went to Kous Kous for brunch. The food was outstanding. I had the chicken sandwich, which was on Moroccan bread-also known as the best bread ever. The place is small and beautifully decorated. Our server, Holly, was great - smart, very friendly, and knowledgeable about the menu. I ordered the soup on her recommendation and it was one of the best soups I've ever had. Despite being the only waitress, she kept our drinks full and quickly cleared our plates when we were done. Will be back!
5	Great little restaurant with good food. I'll admit that I am biased towards Moroccan food since one doesn't find too many of those outside of Morocco. Staff was friendly too and the prices are reasonable. Good mint tea as well. Gosh it's been a while since I had mint tea.
5	Probably the best lamb I ever had . Everything was just superb. From the mint tea to the salad and the lamb . Small place but very friendly and nice.
5	If it's BYOB, it gets 3 stars automatically. :) Kous Kous truly deserves all five. Sad it took us so long to dine here! It's a new favorite, not just in the neighborhood, but all of Pittsburgh. We picked Kous Kous for our anniversary dinner, and while it was excellent for a special occasion, it doesn't need one! We started with the appetizer platter which included hummus, roasted peppers, and eggplant. We had the lemon cilantro hummus, and it was great topped with the peppers and eggplant. I must also sing the praises of their pitas, I could have eaten many, many more if given the chance. I chose the special - hanger steak with roasted plums and my husband had the lamb. Both were cooked to perfection, and I am a stickler for medium rare beef. Perfectly done. We shared the chocolate almond cake dessert with french press, and it was lovely. All in all, a delicious 2 hour meal made all the better by a chef who clearly loves what he does - he went table to table to chat, and our waitress was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. A must go!
5	I love Kous Kous. Every time the food tastes better than the last. The chef and staff are great. It's nice to sit next to the 'kitchen' and watch the food being prepared.
5	Too delicious! Gluten free crepes both savory and sweet! Local ingredients from local sources and authentic cooking and cuisine. Small, intimate setting. I would recommend to almost anyone!
5	Went here with a group of friends and had an excellent meal. I went with the Cauliflower tagine and was outstanding. Everyone in the group enjoyed their dinner. Would recommend making a reservation if you have more than a couple, as there is only seating for about 20 people in the place. Most importantly, if you have not been here, hurry up and go before the end of February. They are closing / moving! Do not miss out on this place!
