4	So I'm house-sitting in Chandler and running some errands and I read there's a new sushi restaurant opening that's close by.  Being bored and wanting a drink I decide to stop in and check out their menu to see what they have to offer.  Great service and clean restaurant with a nice menu with good prices.  Had a beer and salad ($12 w/tip) and discovered although they opened in the summer and in the east valley that this place is a hidden gem.  The owner is a nice man who is eager to please and his staff is just as well.  They have a great menu and some good signature rolls (check out the Butterfly roll).  If you live nearby and don't want the same old cut of the mill Japanese restaurant, definitely stop in.
5	I've been here twice this week and I plan on returning often. The sushi is the best value I've ever seen. Not only is it presented beautifully, it is really good and very reasonably priced. The miso soup is thick and the edamame is boiled to perfection. This place is relatively close to my work, so I'm planning on going in for lunch often.It hasn't been very busy at all either time I went in. I'm happy with the quick seating and service, but I hope they get enough customers to stay open. The owner is incredibly nice and has thrown in a free fruit plate dessert both times I went in. I highly recommend this place. Maybe I'll see you there!
4	I saw this place out of the corner of my eye and stopped out of impulse for lunch. My girlfriend and I were seated at the bar. The scene is nothing special. It is quiet, and well lit..(unlike other commercial sushi spots). We ordered green tea to drink while scoping their menu. Do not get their green tea. It tasted like sea weed. Our server noticed that we weren't enjoying it, and took it off our bill later. We ordered a 3 roll deal which was 20 dollars, plus we got some tuna tanaka stuff which was 8 dollars. I was expecting crappy sushi because the tea sucked. Luckily, i was wrong. Every roll rocked my socks! Especially that tanaka (i think this is what it's called)..it's cutlets of seared, peppered tuna with some crazy sauce. The chef who made our sushi was very friendly, and made us a nice complimentary dessert. I have been back since, and my second experience was just as good. We tried all new rolls the second time, and neither me nor my gf were let down. Try it out. I have tried most sushi places in AZ, and this one Trumps the others. It's cheap too.
5	I've been here once, and I plan on going back. My favorite sushi is plain tuna, and Sushiya had the best I've had in a while. As far as I'm concerned, it was perfect. The other stuff was quite good, also.The dining room is small and not exactly romantic, but the food and service are great.
3	Decent sushi,average service,not so good rest of the dishes.
5	This is my daughter's favorite restaurant.   The owner is very nice and always visits our table and takes a personal interest in our lives.  The Sushi is always fresh and delicious!
4	Having moved to the state a year ago, we were saddened and missing our favorite neighborhood sushi restaurant we left behind. After trying a few around the East Valley, we stumbled upon Sushiya -- and have been regulars since. The sushi is wonderful and fresh. The prices are very modest. And the staff are always very friendly -- greeting you as you come in and again as you leave. We've experimented with most of the menu, and have to recommend the spicy tuna roll and the sunshine roll (topped with paper thin lemon slice). But honestly, we haven't been disappointed in anything.
5	I tend to be somewhat of a "sushi snob" so I was completely surprised when I found the best sushi in town in a strip mall (no worries, the interior of Sushiya is sleek and modern).  I highly recommend the sashimi...very fresh; large portions.  I also LOVE the Tigereye roll...tuna, crab with jalapeno - fabulous!  The squid salad is delish too.  The owners are very friendly and truly appreciate the patronage.  The prices are very good as well (especially at happy hour, i.e. $1.00 edamame, $3.50 california roll).
4	We have been to Sushiya a couple of times and have left happy each time.  My wife an I enjoy the good sleaction of rolls and our kids are always treated well by the staff.  The unique kids desserts they come up with have them asking to go back often.  The happy hour prices are great with pretty good options for rolls.  The only negative and or request I have is that Sushiya really needs to incorporate a water filter as the water they serve is absolutly undrinkable...
5	Went here with some guys from work.  Very good food, great atmosphere.  We sat at the bar and got to watch our food being made.  Will definitely go back and try other dishes.
5	This place was amazing! My boyfriend and I went on a late Sunday night and were the last ones there. We asked if it was okay to sit down at 8:30 (they closed at 9:30) and the staff was very welcoming and nice. We hurriedly placed our order for 3 rolls and some nigiri. The Jalapeno roll was their special that night so we ordered that and it was delicious! All of the sushi we had was really good and fresh. I order Unagi at every sushi restaurant I go to and theirs was by far the best I have ever had. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive and the sushi chef even asked how everything was. All in all everything was perfect. The sushi was fresh, prices were good and you can't beat that at a locally owned place. Unfortunately, I'm not in Gilbert too often, but when I am, I'll be sure to stop in.
5	Had sushi here last night after we found out our previous sushi place closed down.There's a nice atmosphere and ambiance in the restaurant.The rolls were delicious and they have a couple happy hour specials that are very good. Spicy actually means spicy over here.I think we found our new -regular- sushi place.
5	Close to my house, fresh tasting rolls/sushi, chill atmosphere and cheap saki bombers on Thursdays! I love this place! Also, they have pictures of most everything on the menu which is REALLY helpful when choosing from their selection!
3	Quality was pretty good and so were the prices due to the happy hour specials... which are decent but would be better if they expanded it a bit.It will not replace my regular sushi joints but if I'm in the area and cannot get to my regular places, I will go here.
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars on the quality of the sushi,  I came here for lunch when on business and saw all the good ratings here so decided to give it a try.  First off is don't come on Monday for lunch they are closed.  Second, be prepared to wait a bit for your order and items to come.  I'm ok with that to a point  because I think they really spend the time to prepare everything so it comes out nice.  But the woman working there seems not  to know many answers to the questions I had. She really could not answer which fish are in which selection.  She kept leaving and coming back to give me answers but between that and handling all the other tables it got to be a long wait to get everything.  So on to my sushi order. When I first got my order I was a little surprised of the selection I got, it was mostly different types of tuna.  I had red tuna, white tuna, albacore (a tuna), yellowtail, spicy tuna rolls, and 1 salmon sushi and a california fake crab like sushi, and a shrimp sushi (Ebi).  All the fish tasted really good though, the white tuna melted in my mouth. The spicy tuna is made a little different than at most places.  They chop it in pieces and and kind of float it over rice rolls. Very good but would have liked a little more spice. The sushi chef was very nice but seemed a little serious at the same time.  He would keep asking if everything was ok, and I just kept saying everything was fine as I tried to sneak in a picture of my dish. I don't know why but somehow It felt like I was committing an illegal act..  Anyway, 5 stars for the great food and 4 stars for the the little things that I think that could improve.
5	Like a predator who watches and circles their prey from a distance, I watched the ebb and flow of cars in the parking lot and chose this night to pounce.  And boy did kitty enjoy.  I was particularly fond of the soft shell crab and the Arizona rolls.  I sit here satisfied and ready to slip into a wasabi induced coma.  Kind of surprising inside - compact but cozy, trendy sushi house decor, very clean.  Give it a whirl - I love that it's in a neighborhood and not a busy shopping center!  I will be going back.  (Oh yeah, appetizer, 3 special rolls, 2 drinks, tax, tip = $35 - didn't see the ticket so I'm not sure if some of that was happy hour specials)
4	I don't exactly have an expert palette when it comes to sushi.  I stick to the basics and seek out cheap happy hours.  Sushiya definitely impressed me, and I think even sushi snobs would agree.The restaurant setting was clean, but mostly unremarkable.  One chef worked away behind the sushi bar.  We got there for happy hour which was fantastic.  Salmon nigiri was a steal for only $2.50.  The fish cuts were long and thin, and the fish was moist and seemed fresh.  Ditto for the yellowtail nigiri ($4, not on happy hour).  Even the rice had a good flavor/texture.  I really enjoyed the killer roll (eel roll w/ salmon on top), which was good value at $6.50 on happy hour.There was a thick menu of very unique combination rolls that were artistically prepared.  For instance, the caterpillar roll has carrot eyes and sprout antennae.  Like I said, I usually keep it basic, but I'm looking forward to branching out my sushi experiences at Sushiya.Full disclosure:  The $1 edamame  was good (I liked the sea salt), but the California roll was only OK.  They have specials which run during football games.  I'll keep that in mind for 2011.
4	This place is great! Our waitress was wonderful. Edamame & Squid Salad was perfect. The Phoenix roll was incredible. Volcano roll.... Not so much. I hated it. It was sooo mushy! It has some kind of spicy mayo in it. It seriously tasted like nothing but mayonnaise. The consistency was just mayo also. I definitely recommend this place, just watch out for the Volcano Roll.
4	Great sushi and drinks!
5	We went there for the first time last night and it was great!! It is very casual. We have never found a sushi place in Gilbert that we have liked and this was great!!We ordered several different types of rolls and were pleased with each of them! We ordered two specialty rolls that were outstanding. The Crazy Shrimp Roll and Arizona Roll left us wanting more! The service was also great! We are now going to be regulars there are reccomend it to others!
4	Food is exceptional. Fish is fresh. Drinks are cheap. A little slow sometimes, so have a drink and chill.
5	Thank you Dawn for your friendly customer service.
2	Well, based on the reviews, I would have to say that the sushi was disappointing. The flavor and quality of the sushi was decent, but the portions of the fish on the rolls was very skimpy. I have eaten a lot of sushi in my life and this was by far the smallest servings of fish that I have ever seen. Even my out of town guests commented.The customer service was pretty good, that's about the best I can say, unfortunately.
4	My wife and I were in the mood for some sushi last week, and seeing as how we just moved to chandler we decided we would try to find a new place closer to home. We looked up close places and ruled out Otaku immediately, my first experience there was horrible. But we found Sushiya and given it's good reviews we decided to give it a shot.We managed to make it just in time for happy hour, and looking at their menu, they have a very decent selection of items at a good price for happy hour. Everything from edamame at 1.5 to gyoza at 2.5 and specialty rolls at 6.5. We ordered the gyoza, the Arizona roll, the baked scallops roll, the California roll and the crunch roll. Gyoza can be hit or miss at some places, but here it was spot on, it was nice and fresh, with a crunchy exterior. The dipping sauce was just sweet enough to not be overpowering, but enjoyable. The Arizona roll was delicious, it was essentially a California roll with more crap piled on top of the pieces and covered in a sweet sauce. The baked scallop roll was my least favorite of the bunch. The scallops weren't completely cooked and while there was a lot of them, they were chopped into very big pieces which i'm not a fan of. I prefer it when they chop the scallops into smaller pieces. The sauce that covered the roll was also too mayonnaisey and strong. The California roll was good. Not much to say about it except it's exactly what you would expect it to be lolThe crunch roll was good as well. Basically a California roll covered in a crunchy fried exterior with roe to give it an extra pop. Overall, the stuff that wasn't on the happy hour menu was more pricey, but about on par with any other decent sushi shop. We sat at the bar and the sushi chef was very friendly, he joked around with us and made us a sweet roll as a treat while we where waiting for our rolls. I'm glad to say that this is probably my new favorite close to home sushi place.
5	Happy Hour ROCKS at this place!!! the staff is awesome, and the sushi is delish!!!
2	We dined here for the first time on Saturday. It was ok. Not great, not awful, ok. The prices were decent, I thought, but they also have coupons on their website so check that out. We had the Gyoza to start which had a nice texture and subtle, but good flavors. It was a little oily but, hey, they are fried so it's to be expected. We ordered a bunch of different rolls and some were good, some were ok, some were disappointing.My favourite was the ladybug and the sriracha/sweet sauce on the plate. I loved that spiciness with the tuna! Yum!! We also had the caterpillar and dragon which were just meh. The spicy salmon was disappointing because it had zero spice to it. We should have asked them to make it more spicy. The sushi rice was inconsistent. On some rolls there was way too much, on some it wasn't wrapped tightly enough so it fell apart and on some the texture was way too gummy and gooey. I would like to try Sushiya again and try some different rolls, specify spicy and maybe try some other things on their menu because it's awfully close to my house and the prices were decent. Not a bad place, but not really that great, either. Just meh.
2	This place sucks now. I think they are under new management, because the sushi just isn't the same. My friend got really bad food poisoning here too.
4	WTF, my favorite sushi place is in Gilbert?!?!?!  It's true, I saw a coupon so I checked out the reviews and decided to give it a try with a couple of friends.  It was fairly quiet when we got there around 6:30pm on a Saturday but that didn't last long, it was packed just after 7.We got a large variety of rolls and sushi and we enjoyed it all.  They have the usuals there and a few signature rolls that we really liked.  The fish was fresh tasting and we thought the rolls were nicely sized, well prepared and had a nice presentation.I can't resist unagi and it was very tasty there.  We all agreed the green mussels are awesome, luv the tangy sauce!  Our last visit included non-sushi eaters and they enjoyed their entrees, it looked like they had plenty of fresh veggies and weren't sauced to death.  We even got them to try a couple of the less scary rolls and a little taste of sushi and other than the scaredy cat look on their faces they said it was pretty good.I'm not a sushi samurai, I didn't train at the SCI or anything, but its the tastiest of the handful of places I've tried - in the valley.  I don't think they're trying to be another place that rhymes with ma, just a nice local joint with good food & fair prices.
4	Clean, tastefully appointed dining room, helpful, friendly (and not too intrusive) service, and most importantly good food at reasonable prices. Not many sushi places in Phoenix get our thumbs-up.
5	Service and food was excellent!
5	Excellent sushi, great service, and good happy hour specials.  It has a decent sports bar theme.  I had my bachelor party here and even my friends who don't care for fish liked the place.  I also go here for business dinners.Try the Ladybug Roll just for the presentation.
5	Being from CA, I can find great sushi just about anywhere, whether it's traditional or AYCE.  Was vising friends in E. Arizona and wanted to get some sushi on our way back to LA.  Having to go through Phoenix, we Yelp-ed for Sushi and found this joint.  I'm normally hesitant to try anything related to sushi or seafood in Az (it's landlocked), but because of the high reviews, decided to check it out.  Definitely worth the gamble.  Fish was amazingly fresh and the portions were larger than most anything you'd find in CA.  Their rendition of spicy rolls were interesting (spicy meat on top of the laid out rolls) and were delish.  The udon was interesting (no broth) but well prepared.  They have a lot to choose from, so the combo plates help make things easier and are well priced.  I definitely recommend this place, and even tell my friends who plan to visit Az about this place.
4	Went here last night with family and the food was great!  rolls were very good, we had the Arizona, dragon, soft shell crab, and cal roll with baked scallops.  All were very good, and you cant beat the prices here.  My wife had the yaki udon noodle dinner, that was ok.  Thats the only reason why we gave 4 stars.  But hey, this is a sushi bar.  Will def. be back and soon!
4	This place always has coupons for lunch, 15% off dinner, and great deals in your local coupon booklet so make sure to grab one before you go. In case you forget, don't sweat it. They have this great special for $20 where you can choose 3 rolls and it comes with edamame and miso soup. I am not sure how they can deliver taste and freshness with their low prices, but somehow they get it done. Everything tastes very fresh. They get pretty busy so make sure that you are patient. Their service is great though and I always leave happily full.
4	Chicken Teriyaki for our 4 yr. old.  He loved it.  We had Las Vegas Roll, Rainbow Roll and a Tootsy Roll plus Miso Soup and Edamame.  Salmon Nigiri and Green Tea...Sake Bomber.Full house, some had to wait in line....get in and get in early.Great Place.  Great Food.  Great Experience.
3	This place gets some stars for being close to home. However, I'd rather order take out rather than eat in the restaurant. It has no charisma and the waiters are not very well trained. The sushi rolls and nigiri we ordered were all fresh and well plated, so I would definitely order again.
4	The BF and I went to a movie last night down at the Hollywood theatres and figured we'd get there a couple hours early and walk around..... wrong. There's not much around there. So we started driving south and stopped in the parking lot of Sushiya to figure out what to do. Well, we hadn't eaten yet, but only wanted something really light and decided to give Sushiya a try. I'm glad we did! The place was really busy, especially for 9 o clock at night. We ended up eating at the sushi bar, which was cool because we got to watch all the sushi be made. We just ordered a house salad, the inari and cucumber rolls. The salad was nothing special, just the typical salad. The real special thing was the inari.... it was the best I have ever tasted! They make what our Sushi chef called 'special rice' which has green onion and ginger in it. It made it have this perfect sweet and savory taste. I would come back just for that. The service was good and the sushi chef was friendly. Overall, it was a nice place..... I would go back just for the inari.... yum.
1	Walked in...walked out...We walked in and the hostess was talking to her friend. He mumbled something to us..not sure if it meant i'll be there..or take a seat...either way...after her friend left, she looked at us from across the room and she yelled across the room "I said any seat" with some nasty manor isms.  We just left...They lost our business, i'm sure their sushi is awesome, but I enjoy a good experience as well.Overall: If you like being treated like scum, this is the place for you.
5	My favorite sushi restaurant! I eat here at least once a week & it is always fantastic. The tuna tower & sunrise roll are the best. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!
4	Our car club usually dines here at least one Thursday every month.  We love it! There is cooked food options for the younger kids, great sushi options for us older kids, and a pretty good happy hour menu.  (I also love that they have vegan options for the two veggies in the group.) The service is kinda crappy, but we are a pretty laid back crowd.
5	You can find us here every Friday night for the best and most reasonably priced Sushi in Gilbert! John the owner is so friendly and the Sushi Chef's, Jason & John make the most beautiful dinners for us and the quality is excellent. We LOVE this place for Sushi and highly recommend Sushiya!
4	I'm not a huge sushi fan but this place was great! I went with a couple of people and they really enjoyed it. (They are sushi fanatics) The sushi was awesome and we ordered alot of rolls. The staff was awesome too. Our sushi chef was great. The desserts weren't bad either : )
4	I am very glad to see that a lot of people like this place. We have been going there almost since it opened and we love it. The service is great, very friendly and fast. The Sushi is fantastic. It is quite reasonable in price also. Compared to Blue Wasabi. We love the spicy calamari also. If you make it to happy hour, you get really good deals.  We have been going there regularly for years now.
4	This place has great sushi. It's walking distance to my house so we've been there a bunch of times and always have a great experience. It's common for the chef to make you a cool little dessert for free especially if you sit at the bar. The owners are very friendly. I dig the Saki bomber Thursday special but it can be dangerous crossing Gilbert road after a couple of those bad boys.
2	As several others noted, the service here was lacking.  A vague "sit anywhere that's clean" came from somewhere in the back of the restaurant as we walked in.  The two waitresses managed to create a mild feeling of chaos every time they passes by despite the fact that the place was not that busy.  The green tea was made from instant tea powder, not brewed.  The miso soup was good, but salty.  The salads were fine.  The sushi itself was mediocre.  Most of the menu consisted of cucumber or CA rolls with other fish on top...what a cheap way to save on the amount of fish served.  We ordered a shrimp tempura roll, a specialty eel roll, and a specialty tuna roll.  The shrimp tempura was cooked well, good flavor and crispy.  But the roll itself was poorly made, and each piece managed to fall apart after being dipped in soy sauce.  The specialty eel roll was good, and for $12 it should be.  The specialty tuna roll was definitely lacking...in tuna.  Again, the roll was poorly made and fell apart as I went to pick it up.  That's when I noticed that they had wrapped a thin piece of tuna around a big piece of crab stick.  Definitely not what was described in the menu.  And definitely not worth the price of a specialty roll.  We will not be returning.
2	Four stars? Really? I'm convinced that the folks in Arizona wouldn't know good sushi if it fell on top of them. This place was okay, very average. Unless you're a local who frequents the place, don't expect the service to be great. (There was a large group at the sushi bar and they new the chef by name.) I didn't feel like my money mattered as much as theirs. Service was a little on the slow side and they weren't particularly friendly. The sushi itself was "eh." Let me just say that there are many more sushi places out there that blow this place out of the water. It's good if you're just looking to satisfy your sushi fix, but if you want REALLY delicious sushi, go elsewhere.
1	First off, I have NEVER written a bad review, I am very laid back when it comes to customer service because I have been a server for 3 years.  I am a regular here but after my last trip , I will not be back- or atleast not on a MONDAY night because the server told us that's the only night she works there.I understand it is a small - extremely UNDERSTAFFED restaurant but our last order was forgotten TWICE and our server did not acknowledge us at all and acted like every customer in the restaurant was a complete burden. She did not smile one time. Being a server myself, I can not imagine acting that way towards a customer! - Like everyone has said - the service is HORRIFIC, would be a great place if they hired some people who were fit to serve a table with a even remotely decent attitude.Its sad that  they aren't able to get a decent staff and I am sure they have lost a TON of business because of it. Positives:  very clean establishment, great sushi, AWESOME prices and the owners are friendly and nice people. Advice for the owners- PAY MORE ATTENTION TO THE ATTITUDE OF YOUR STAFF, its make a HUGE difference.
3	Good food but REALLY slow service. Won't be back for that reason.
5	This place is top notch every time we come! Great happy hour (5-7) and a very friendly staff and owner! Definitely will be back! I've eaten here about 10 times and they never disappoint.
5	Our favorite sushi in the valley by far. Awesome family run business. Staff is really friendly. They have a tremendous selection and very unique rolls. Definitely recommend!
2	This is a review for a year ago. Horrible experience and needed to make sure I change my review. Watered down soy sauce? Enough said. This little Japanese restaurant has only one bad thing...and that is their slow service (hence, minus 1 star). Other than that, the food is delish and the price isn't too bad either. PS. They always have coupons available online so that's really nice! ;)
5	Great little Sushi place - I enjoy the atmosphere as much as the fresh, delicious fish. Courteous and caring service.
4	I'm almost afraid to write a review for Sushiya Sushi because it may become too popular. My wife and I recently hosted an event at our home and after some research we thought to have in catered by Sushiya. They performed exceptionally well. We selected off their catering menu (which is the same as their table menu) and the food was just as you would receive at the restaurant.  They personally delivered the food and made the event very high touch. The restaurant is owned by a married couple so there is NO chain restaurant feel. They can get busy at times but its worth the wait. Plus they have one of the best Happy Hours I've seen, including a reverse Happy Hour. They have both sushi bar and tables to choose from. Sushi is fresh and creative. They also have other cooked Japanese staples.  They value of their product is also very good.So with that I give a strong positive recommendation for Sushiya Sushi. Only request I have is please don't go on the days I plan to visit!
4	Went for a late lunch on Saturday, 4/14.  The three of us -- wifey, daughter, and me.  We were all pleasantly surprised with the good food and realistic prices.  I was a little concerned about the reviews about the slow service and I can see why -- they only have one server, a nice and efficient girl, but if they get busy, I can see where it would be a problem.  But luckily, there were only two other tables and us, so the service was good.They have a haole sushi guy -- while this is not too unusual, it is sort of funny for a Japanese restaurant that is trying to make themselves seem authentic (but I think it is owned by Korean people).  But I must admit, this guy did a good job making nicely shaped nigiri sushis, and was pretty efficient.We ordered three meals -- My wife had the assorted tempura meal; my daughter had the teriyaki chicken and Calif roll meal; and I had the tonkatsu and beef teriyaki meal.  All three meals were OK -- not outstanding but pretty good.  We also ordered some nigiri -- two orders of maguro (actually ahi, which was surprising fresh and nice for flash frozen fish), two orders of smoked salmon, one order of hamachi, and one order of sea bass.  All were pretty good -- I was impressed with the freshness of the fish and the quality of the hamachi, even though I could tell that the hamachi was not Japan hamachi.  The women had two green teas and I had two large Asahi Super Dry beers.  With their $7.00 off coupon, I paid only $60 for this nice meal.  So we all agreed that we would be back for dinner at another time.
4	Very good Sushi, great service.
1	After giving this place a good review the last time I was here, last night's episode has made me angry at this place and causes me to recommend that people do not go here unless they want poor service and want to give business to a disreputable establishment.My wife, daughter and I went for dinner last night since it was their anniversary celebration and they had a special menu and special pricing.  We got there at about 5:45 pm and the place was already packed and we had to put our name on the waiting list.  There was one other party of four ahead of us.  While we waited three other parties of four and two parties of three came along and put their names on the list.  From the banter and greetings from the staff, it was apparent that the staff knew some of these other parties.  After the one party of four that was ahead of us got seated, three other parties, who were after us, were seated ahead of us -- we can only assume that they got seated before us because the staff knew them.  We complained about this but they ignored our complaint and did not even have the courtesy to respond.  So we left.  I think that this is a pretty crappy way to run their business and to treat other customers in this way.  And one other thing --- being a Vegas junkie, I have come to recognize the old saying, "money talks, and crap walks".  The reason why I mention this old saying is because between me and my family, we eat and drink at least 2-3 times the average person.  So this establish has just lost the business of some very good customers.  But I guess they don't give a damn.
5	Just had four rolls and the Sushi Combo Jr. along with a large Saporo beer and it was teriffic!! and all the waitresses was very attentative and took care of us right away. The sushi was very good and flavorful. definitely worth it and I strongly recommend this place.  I will be coming here more often!!!!
2	My wife and I have been looking for a good sushi restaurant.  Sushiya ratings seemed OK but maybe a problem with service.  We went for lunch and the service was good.  My wife ordered Sashimi with a spicy tuna roll.  I ordered the spicy tuna roll and spicy salmon roll.  The Sashimi came to her as Nigiri, not Sashimi.  She didn't want all that rice.   The spicy tuna and salmon rolls were nothing but a California Roll with some spicy tuna and salmon slapped on the top.  What we both noticed was the rice was not cooked all the way and was chewy.  I doubt we would go back based on the chewy rice alone.  The rolls were nothing special!
4	Went there for the first time tonight.....awesome happy hour prices and friendly service. Sushi was also very good!! Coming back for sure!!
5	This place was excellent. Nice ambiance and a great happy hour. The kids menu was nice and the honey chicken was a huge portion and delicious. (I almost don't want to divulge this secret but... next time you want honey chicken from Pei Wei, just come here and get the $4.99 kids meal.)  We liked everything we got; Arizona roll, Crazy shrimp roll, Jalapeno roll, and crunch roll. My favorite was Arizona roll. The wife enjoyed the sea weed salad as well.  Everything was very tasty and fresh! I'm usually not a huge sushi person but this place may have changed me and I will definitely be back here.
2	This is really good Sushi but the 2 girls that work there (young white girls) are really quite bad. We have to ask for Refills on water constantly. Forget trying to be flexible with your happy order order. The Miso soup is pretty bland and the Edamame is hard to mess up but they have from time to time.The owner guy is nice. He used to always give us a special dessert or something when we would come in. The last 4x he has barely even said hello.The Las Vegas Rolls here are about the best ive ever had. Although, it's hit or miss. The tempura on the outside should taste like it was just fried. Would be 4 star if they would clean their hallways to the bathroom.
1	They changed the wait staff. From the little blonde white girls to little Asian girls that are MUCH WORSE. By far the worst service at any Restaurant you will find in Gilbert. Especially if you go at anytime where more than 4 tables are taken up.No more special desserts, no more hellos from the owner, no more great sushi, they apparently lost their good Sushi Chef and the two guys working back there now are just too inconsistent. Sometimes you will get a decent roll but this last time, the Sushi was just falling apart all over the place.Fried Vegas rolls, COLD. miso Soup flavorless, Bathroom and Hallways Disgusting.BAD BAD BAD. After coming here for 2yrs and probably 12x, we are done.
5	Delicious sushi with fresh ingredients, lunch combos with a reasonable price, excellent presentation and quick service for lunch break. The tuna tower was wonderful, highly recommend it.
4	Best Sushi in the area, nice staff, good service
5	Great price and even better sushi. Thick cuts and delicious sauces! Try the double spicy!
2	I'm sad to report, I'm dropping 2 stars off of this restaurants review. I wanted to only drop 1 off, but my wife insisted I drop 2. And here's why:This place has always had decent sushi. Like many places it can be hit or miss, and here they're mostly hits, so I'm not writing to complain about that. The quality of sushi is about the same as it's always been, and that is to say hard to beat for the happy hour price, and prepared consistently. Except for one thing, the portions seem to have shrunk as of about 1 month ago. It used to be that you couldn't fit a single slice of an arizona roll in your mouth in one bite, but now they seem to be making the base slice as large as a typical crunch roll and subsequently there's less topping as well. It tastes the same, but it's not the same value/slice seeing as how the price is the same. The size of sushi changing doesn't bother me that much to be honest, I get it, it's a business and cutting down on costs is important, whatever, that's fine. Our real problem has become the service. On our latest trip there we took two friends with us. We showed up at 7:15 and ordered our food. It took a while to arrive, but not unreasonably long considering the amount of food we ordered, and drink service was decent for about the first 45 minutes. After we were done eating however, we didn't see a waiter for probably 20 minutes at all. At this point all of the plates were clean and we were wanting our check so we could book it home. There was a problem though, there literally wasn't a single employee out on the floor, we couldn't have waved one down if we wanted to. Once they finally made their appearance we managed to wave them down and get our check. Here's the part that annoyed us the most: We were gladly given the check, and we immediately put our credit cards in the checks and put the checks at the end of the table. From that point, it was easily another 25 minutes before they actually ran the tickets and brought back the receipts. During this time not a single dish was cleared from our table, it was a mess. All in all, by the time we got out of there it had been and hour and a half. And the restaurant wasn't even busy. Maybe 15 people total. I've been eating here probably once every week or two for the last 2 years and the service has never really been stellar. Sometimes the service was quick, and the waitresses were attentive, however, more often than not, that isn't the case. It's very inconsistent.Like another reviewer said, they keep changing staff, and after a brief discussion with one of the waitresses, my wife and I learned why. During one of our visits my wife sat down and mentioned to the waitress "I'm glad you're here because that other gave us slow service last time and we didn't tip her well." The waitress replied with "Oh, well she gave you slow service because we don't get to keep tips so she probably just doesn't care." We asked her who gets to keep the tips and she said "the lady in the yellow shirt", who I can only guess is the owners wife. Yeah, you heard that right, they pay their wait staff around minimum wage and all the tips go to, you guessed it, the pockets of the owners. Normally, I wouldn't have a problem with this if you are paying your wait staff a decent enough wage to give a crap about their job, but apparently that's not the case here. It's clear to me now that the reason the wait staff don't care about the service is because they have no incentive too. I'm assuming this is what's going through the mind of the wait staff "You need a refill and it's been ten minutes since you went dry? Your plates are piling up and starting to glaze over after you've been done eating for half an hour and we haven't cleared them yet? You ask for your check and I don't pick it up for another 20 minutes to ring it through? I don't care, I don't get tips anyway so don't leave one"It's my understanding that in the japenese culture wait staff are not tipped, and are not expected to be tipped. Which is fine, when, you're, in, japan. But the culture here is such that if the wait staff aren't getting their tips, it will show in the service they provide, and it's my humble suggestion that this restaraunt figures out a way to make it worth your wait staffs while to actually try harder. If the wait staff are incentivized properly and actually have a stake in customers returning to eat there again, the business will profit from it. If the wait staff stays like they currently are, customers will continue to be driven away and business will be lost. I hate saying it, but my two friends that I came with said "Kyle, I don't know why you took us here, but we're not coming here again", which makes me very sad. I live close, so I will still return, but two potential customers were last that night, just think about how many more you'll keep losing if things don't change?
2	We went here recently & had terrible service. Although we got seated right away, after 20 minutes we had to go grab a waitress to take our drink order. The service in general was not good. However, the food was pretty good. We won't be going back though.
2	Great sushi. I am a fan of the happy hour and the amount of sushi that gets brought to the table. My favorite roll has to be the atomic roll and the phoenix roll. Very tasty. I would give this place more stars if they had a better idea of proper service. Most of the staff doesn't seem to know the product- beside the amazing sushi chefs. Every waitress I have encountered looks like a deer in headlights when I have asked questions about the products. Not to mention, they do no buss their tables. I sat with six dirty plates on my table while eating my dessert. Usually when I walk in there are dirty tables left untouched for quite some time. I even commented to my friend that if given the opportunity I would train the staff myself about proper service and etiquette. I have faith that this place could be a five star joint, if only they would improve on the simpler things. Good luck Sushiya.
5	The owner and staff is are super attentive and we love going here for date night.  Sushi is always fresh and so packed full of flavor.  Nice smaller restaurant and great location close to home.  Highly recommend it!
5	We recently moved to Gilbert, AZ and it has been difficult finding good sushi. I've been to Sushiya Sushi several times now and the experience has been great every time. The fish is fresh and the portions are good. Sit at the bar and if you're lucky you will have Nicholas be your sushi chef. Nicholas enjoys his job and if you tell him of something you had elsewhere he will do his best to duplicate it. Try the Phoenix Roll : Spicy Salmon, Cream Cheese, Avocado, crab, Masago, Deep fried, it's delicious! $8.50Another good one is Geisha Roll : Shrimp Tempura, Spicy Tuna, Crab Mix Inside. Tuna, Salmon, Yellow tail, White Fish on Top. Spicy Wasabi Mayo Sauce, and Sliced Onion on Top. Torched. $12.00You can't go wrong with anything you order. They offer cooked food, kids menu, beer, wine and sake. The prices are fair and the staff & owners are friendly. A good dining experience. They are open on Sundays which in California you could never find a sushi restaurant open on Sundays.
4	Close to Chandler-Gilbert Community College. Nice atmosphere. Good sushi.  I like their smoked salmon nigiri, and my fiance said their squid is very good.  Service can be a little off sometimes.  On two different occasions, the waitress brought me someone else's food.  Weird.
4	Just moved from North Phoenix and was looking for a new sushi place especially one with good lunch specials and happy hour. Sushiya is close to where we moved - thought I'd give them a try since they had decent recent reviewsI order one of their lunch specials - 7 pieces of sushi plus spicy tuna roll ($12.50)-the Spicy Tuna roll was different then anywhere I've had - the tuna was actually on top of a cucumber roll (but it tasted good)-7 pieces of sushi included: tuna, yellowtail, shrimp, crab, eel, salmon and 1 other...decent as wellOverall my experience was good and I'd recommend this restaurant
5	Our favorite sushi place! Large portions, good prices and friendly service. The quality of the fish is outstanding.
2	Eh it was ok. I got grossed out by the sushi chefs not wearing gloves. It could of been the way their hands looked? I dunno! I am not sure if they should be wearing gloves?  I wasn't impressed by the sushi. The ambience was nice though!
3	I'm trying out as many sushi place while I'm in Arizona. Sushiya would be my second spot I've try after RA sushi. I think the price is great not very expensive. Fish are cut a bit thick. Sashimi are usually cut 1/4 in thickness. The platting isn't eye catching just simple. (see pictures I uploaded) I wouldn't say ill never come back, but its not my top choice.
4	I went there the other day and must I say, their rolls are delicious! I'm a sushi lover and this one is currently in my top 5. Their rice is the right consistency were it won't break apart and isn't too soggy or too dry. The roll i got was the Rainbow roll and the fish on top was delicious. The roll was well balanced. I also got sashimi. The sashimi was fresh even though it was already late into the night. It didn't have the fishy smell. I would've given a 4.5 star but the dessert Strawberry mochi didn't taste right to me! (You also can't do that) Other than that, i would give the sushi a 4.5 out of five!
4	Sushiya is a great little place. The sushi is always fresh and tasty. I really enjoy the ladybug roll and the caterpillar roll. Their sashimi is great as well. The owners are so nice and always stop by my table for a chat. Perfect neighborhood sushi spot!
3	The food is great... but the wait is long.
4	Great sushi, with a nice roll selection and pictures of all the food on the menu, a definite plus. I lived in Japan for 4 years, and this place holds pretty true to the japanese way of doing things as far as a restaurant goes. The service was a bit slow, but I could see they only had one sushi chef, and I appreciated his taking his time to do each piece right. I would give it 5 stars, but the sake selection wasn't too good, which to me is an important piece to the sushi experience. If I am in the neighborhood, I'll have no issue going there again.
5	We just went to Sushiya for the first time in spite of the bad reviews. This place is awesome, we ate 4 Shrimp Tempura Rolls, 2 California Rolls, 2 Squid Salads, and 3 Miso Soups. All the food was EXCELLENT and it cost only 35 Bucks, WHAT A DEAL!!! It took a bit of time to get the food, but after the wait, it was really good. The waitress was pretty kind and was generally on top of the order. The place is very clean and in good order, as well as the restrooms, all the fish was fresh looking and plastic wrapped in the sushi case. We were there for about 45 minutes to an hour, and when we arrived, there was only 1 table. After about 15 minutes, they had 4 other tables arrive and the chef was pretty quick based on the small crowd. It would have been great if there was another chef to help him make the sushi and get it out to the customers, but overall it was really good. The eel sauce was by far the best of all the places I went.The waitress was really happy and seemed glad we were there (not like the other sushi place we went to, Masa Sushi) After we paid, we were thanked gracefully for coming in and were invited back soon. I have gone to sushi restaurants ever day for the last 10 days to find a good place and this is by far the best of all. Once again, we were full to the max and only paid 35 bucks, 40 with tip, for 3 people and we had the best sushi yet.We will gladly be back there from now on.I am really big on Food, cleanliness, and most of all, THE SERVICE. REALLY FINE JOB FOLKS, KEEP IT UP!!
2	2 stars for good food but rude service. My husband and I LOVE sushi, so we always go for all-you-can-eat deals. I found it off-putting that the waitress was hesitant in taking our order form because according to her "that is so much!". Please don't advertise all-you-can-eat if you cant deliver.
5	Great sushi. Fresh fish and Nick can make some killer rolls. Best place we've found since moving to the area from the Bay Area.
2	We came here on a Friday night around 7pm and the place was pretty packed. Ordered 4 rolls and it took around 35 minutes to get the first roll. While we were waiting we noticed how almost every table around us had at least one dish delivered that was the wrong thing and had to be sent back. We ended up having an extra roll brought to our table by mistake as well. The food was really good, but the service was bad enough to not make us want to come back. Super slow, all what appeared to be high schoolers with no direction. It appeared that they were incredibly overstaffed as well, but no one seemed to know what tables ordered what and there was really no organization. If you happen to go at a time that isn't busy it might be worth it, but going when there's a crowd is not worth the time.
4	Great prices during happy hour. Spicy tuna roll was average. Sashimi was excellent.
5	This is my favorite sushi place! The owners treat you like family, rolls always fresh & amazing! And they have ALOT of spicy rolls which I covet! My go to place when I want amazing food & service! And the prices are reasonable! Love it!
4	I've been here several times, each time really enjoyed the food. The sushi always was very flavorful and fresh. The only thing that I felt needed work was the service. The wait staff is friendly, but there has been more than one occasion where it too took an incredibly long time for our sushi to come. Its frustrating when customers come in 15 minutes after you and they get their food first (I was at a table of 4 and they had 4).
5	Our fav sushi bar!  Awesome rolls. Great prices for the quality and the service is PHENOMINAL!  We'd eat here everday if we could!
3	Sushiya has great sushi and definitely some awesome happy hour options. Unfortunately, the hours for happy hour and general hours of the restaurant were never quite convenient for me. They were closed on two or more occasions that I visited. However, on visits that were successful, I always left with a full belly and satisfied my sushi craving.
4	Good soft shell crab, I thought the sashimi was good and fresh. Wish they could have done more with the squid or ika. Unagi was good but not great.
3	Came in town for work and craving for some sushi. Found Sushiya Sushi on yelp. Went during a week night and it wasn't crowded. The waitress seated me immediately. Ordered a hot tea and some sushi. The food came out quickly. The fish was fresh and descent size but it also had a lot of rice. That's not the issue. The main issue was the rice didn't have enough vinegar and was not sticky enough. So the combination of the fish and the rice was not that satisfying unfortunately. Overall, it's ok. Not excellent but not horrible either.
3	We decided to try this place since we live down the road.  We are used to sushi on Maui, having lived there for 12 years, so we are pretty picky.  The service was fast and friendly.  LOVED the spicy garlic edamame.  Now the sushi....eh.  It was just ok.  Price was high and not much taste.
5	Amazing & soooo good! We are here every Friday nite & love it! We've tried every sushi place in town & Jason & Nick are the best! The quality is top notch & price is very reasonable! Wait staff girls are sweet too!
5	Tried this place after it was suggested from a coffee barista.  We happened to go during happy hour.  They have a great happy hour menu.  We tried 3 different rolls and they were really good. We will definitely be going back.
5	I come here 3 times a week at least. It's fantastic!!!! Arizona roll is amazing and their sashimi is always so fresh and large cuts. They have an awesome happy hour. I can never get enough of this place. Come early, they get busy!
2	Hard to rate this one. The atmosphere is great.  Service is great.  Food is fresh and the place is clean.I've eaten here twice, and each time I got very sick within a few hours.  The first time I thought it was a fluke or something else.  But after the second time, nope it's related to Sushiya.I'm bummed, but I'll be going to the other places where I don't get sick
5	I like this place... Good sushi for a good price and if you sign up you get great coupons!
5	I can't find another sushi restaurant that's as fresh and yummy as this one. Not only do they have a picture book of each sushi roll they offer (which usually is rare for sushi restaurants) they have the best tasting sushi in Arizona. Calm environment with friendly staff. Favorite place that I recommend to any sushi lover!
4	Stopped in for lunch with a co worker. We were promptly greeted and sat at the bar. We choose the two rolls for 9.00 lunch special. Sushi was out fast and tasted good. Great deal for lunch prices. Atmosphere was fine except sound seems to carry and there was table with squealing toddlers that was annoying.
4	Tasty and fresh sushi right on the Chandler-Gilbert border. The rolls I suggest that are bomb.com include:Las Vegas Roll: Cream cheese, eel, avocado, crab and shrimp... Deep fried. Need I say more? A few dunks of soy sauce and this baby is delish.Dragon Roll: Crab, cucumber, eel, and avocado. Just the right amount of freshness.You also can't go wrong with the ASU roll, Crazy Shrimp roll, or the Ladybug. The sashimi I've had here has been great, too. Don't forget to pull up their e-coupon on your smartphone! $3 off your order of $20 or more, or $7 off an order of $45 or more. :)
5	Love this place- we've never had a bad experience at Sushiya. All of the food is fresh and delicious. Some people complain about the wait, but that's because this place is busy! I wouldn't want to go to a sushi restaurant that didn't have many customers, just so I could get my food faster. The seafood ambrosia is my new favorite roll: crab and cucumber inside, topped with a mix of fresh tuna, salmon & yellowtail. The best drink on the menu is the Vodka Passion! Yum, but strong! Happy Hour is excellent and is offered every day 4:30-7:30.
5	I'm a sushi nut ! I've had it for lunch and dinner before while living in the NY&NJ area. I don't normally stray from my regular sushi haunts but decided to give this place a try this evening. It is only bout 1/4 mile from my home and I've passed it by probably 100 times. I got there at 5.40pm and the place was busy. The sushi bar was quick and the wait staff were on their toes as far as service. The portions of fish were incredibly large. I'm not sure I've seen portions and a selection of rolls etc like this before. Forget the Ra Sushi's and even Kona Grill where service isn't really what it used to be. Go with the Mom&Pop local places. Very well done! This coming from a sushi nut and someone who's been in the restaurant business for over 20 years.
4	Good sushi and good happy hour selection. My wife really enjoyed the red bean ice cream.  A ton of spicy selections, too. The beef sushi was smoky and so tender it was almost buttery.  The lobster and crab was pretty good too. Service was hit and miss; very attentive at times, but noticeable absences.  Really wanted to give them 5 stars, but didn't quite make it tonight.
4	I'm picky about sushi and I love this place.  We have been here several times.  It's worth the drive out from Tempe.  Better than most sushi places about accommodating gluten-free diners.  I seem to recall that sometimes they have gluten-free soy on hand and other times they don't...so you'll still want to bring your own, just in case.  Best to avoid during peak dining hours as the dining room gets very loud and crowded.
5	I am new to sushi but have to say I LOVE it and Sushiya is one of the BEST places to get good quality and delicious sushi! You won't be disappointed! Excellent value for the price too!
4	The sushi chefs are great, and the prices are spot on (if you stick with the regular stuff ).  The best deal is the sushi deluxe meal.
5	Love the chefs and wait staff are very friendly.  Awesome rolls, try the Crazy Shrimp roll, it is CRAZY GOOD!!!
3	My son and his family drove in from LA for the holidays and he and my GD wanted some sushi and Japanese food.  The last time they were here in AZ we went to Taiko and they enjoyed that, and wanted to go there again.  But like I said in my last review, Taiko has taken beef off their menu and now have no beef dishes at all.  So I decided to give this place a try again, even after a crappy experience the last time I was here.We had to wait for a table, but it wasn't long.  So I have no complaint about that.  We ordered a whole assortment of appetizers/entrees/sushi/and misc items.  All of our food came out in a nice steady stream without one thing being overly delayed.  And, the food was all OK, with nothing really being outstanding.But I have two somewhat negative comments.  The fish used for their sushi is not fresh fish, but flash frozen fish.  I can tell you this for a fact, since I used to be a commercial deepsea fisherman and absolutely know the difference between fresh fish, no-so-fresh fish, and frozen fish.  While the sushi was OK, it would have been a whole lot better if the fish was fresh.I also ordered the beef teriyaki and it was terrible!  No taste.  Over cooked and hard and dry.  I complained about Taiko having taken beef off their menu, but this beef teriyaki we had last night should have been taken off the menu too.  Frankly, it seemed liked they had an old piece of beef teriyaki on the grill, that had sat there for a while and dried out, but they dumped it on our plate and served it to us.So I guess the bottom line here is that I was not satisfied and will not be going back here again.
5	My significant other and I love sushi- specifically sashimi. We travel around the Phoenix area searching for the BEST Sashimi. I'm going to say, after many experiences with other sushi restaurants, Sushiya has the best Sashimi in town. Check out my pictures if you don't believe me- great cuts, so fresh, great marinade, and super presentation. We don't need wasabi or soy sauce when we go to Sushiya.Don't forget the rolls! The rolls are fantastic as well, from the ones we've experienced- the Saemon Roll, Jackie Rolls, Las Vegas Rolls. They all have great complex flavors and just enough sauce. The only things I've noticed in regards to improving service fluidity: Their combos are a bit confusing. We're still not really sure what is going on with the menus- what is more cost effective- or what comes with what. I'd love to see a revamp of their menu to make it more coherent (but that costs money, so it's not a big deal ;))This place has fantastic sushi and deserves more praise for it's sushi. They obviously know that they're doing. The service is not bad; however, the shop is so tiny, mom-and-pop, that they sometimes look overwhelmed so service sometimes falls short. If every patron could be patient with the servers and the food- that would be ideal; they do the best they can, consistently, with the small space they have.So overall: This place is going to make me go broke because I want to go every week to consume massive amounts of delicious sashimi. YAY!! :)
3	So far the food is good. As far as Jafar behind the counter I was apprehensive at first. It turns out he really knows what he is doing, from marinating flavors and using an ice smoker for smoked lobster and crab. I want to come back and try that and give a different review. Which means the makeral was decent, the octopus and roe were hefty portions and the not chewy. They also have the elusive asahi black. Best beer to have with sushi.My complaints are the edamame. If you like it melted then try it. However I like mine very raw or aldente. It was terrible although the taste of the garlic was still great. Lastly the bathroom was dusty. Dust that fake plant.
2	I guess I am one of the few that doesn't care for this place. It's busy, small, and a loud kid is very noticeable.  The hubbiend I had made our quarterly get together w an old friend at Sekai a few weeks previously, so we went non sushi. Got king crab soup. The base of the soup reminded me of the evil jungle princess at Thai Rama, so yum.  But for $6 I would have liked more crab. The chicken and shrimp fried rice, not so good. (I was wanting a comfort dish).  Hubbie's chicken teriyaki kind bland w a nice helping of vegetables. The rest of our group got sushi. Portions looked large, but it just did not look appetizing to me. This was our second visit to Sushiya and I don't believe I will go back. Sekai is first choice and I wouldn't mind another visit to Masa.
5	Thanks for all the previous reviews! Just ate here for Happy Hour and the food was great! All the rolls were delicious! Especially the Arizona Roll!Fast friendly service! I recommend this to anyone wanting great sushi at affordable prices!  Will be back again soon!
5	We just tried Sushiya for the first time, to say we are impressed is an understatement. We LOVE it. Very fresh, tasty rolls, fast, friendly service. This is officially our favorite sushi place. We plan to be 'regulars'.
3	A few friends of ours kept mentioning this place so we decided to check it out one day. We walked in and there were 2 women standing by a computer in the back, we stood awkwardly just inside for a bit before deciding to walk back there and ask to be seated. The decor is a bit tacky for my taste and the place is pretty small. I have to say that their specials are awesome. The 3 rolls for $20 is a steal! However, it only comes with 1 miso, which would have been nice to know when we ordered it. We weren't impressed with their miso. We ordered a Las Vegas roll, 2 Rainbow rolls, salmon and yellowtail sashimi. The rainbow roll was good, the Vegas roll had shrimp in it, which is really odd. My husband's allergic to shellfish so we're usually pretty good about subbing in different things. Thankfully I tried the Vegas Roll first. It wasn't something I'd order again. The salmon sashimi was decent, their rice was a bit overcooked and had too much vinegar in it. The yellowtail was exceptional, some of the best we've had actually. All in all we'd come here again during happy hour, but I wouldn't pay full price for anything but the yellowtail.
5	Best sushi place.  Lots of great specials. Family owned. Always my first choice!  Family owned business that truly cares about giving great service.
4	Might be my fav sushi place here so far. I've been on the search for a solid sushi place and the review lead us here. I got the popcorn shrimp and hubby got the California. The popcorn shrimp was yummy!!! And just enough to satisfy. First impression : can't wait to try more. Price 4/5 average but great for happy hour Food 5/5 good Overall 4/5 I'll be able to see if it dwarves five stars after a few more visits
2	We are sushi lovers. And we are definitely not fans of the sushi place. Doesn't seem like they put any heart into their food it just seems likeThe same thing is you would get anywhere. If that is what you're looking for in this place will be fine. But we always like to find unique places that serve unique food that parties in your mouth.
5	Awesome sushi and bento plates. Sushiya is a family favorite. Awesome and attentive service. Crazy good food. Their Deluxe Surf & Turf roll is seriously the best I've ever had.
5	food was great. I had the crunch roll, dragon roll, and salmon roll. It was amazing and happy hour was decent too. Overall great atmosphere. I have been to many sushi places in the valley and this one is near the top of the list.
5	My family has been coming here since they opened.  Great sushi at great prices. The staff are very friendly. Highly recommend even if dislike sushi but love sake. Christal
3	Very family oriented atmosphere and had neighborhood vibe because 90% of the guests warmly knew owner by name.  Salmon sushi was delicious because nice portion size and was buttery and fat. Decent happy hour prices and food items on special. Do not order the chicken katsu !!!  It was pounded so thin that it tasted like pork jerky. And I think oil they deep fry in needs to be changed out cause it tastes old. I gave three stars because of chicken katsu but otherwise sushi rolls and sake were good. They do monthly discount specials so call in to ask or check online.
1	Literally just left this place. Needless to say it was a major disappointment. The reviews were fairly good so we decided to try it out. The food came out piece by piece. Overall the food was okay, but the service was terrible. There were 6 people in our group so we ordered a lot both from the happy hour and regular menu. They did not check on us once after our food came. Not once. It's is Monday afternoon with only about 5 tables full and they couldn't manage to check on us once. Same drink from beginning to end. Good luck with this place. I'll never go back.
