5	I know it seems preposterous to have reviews for convenience stores, but let me tell you a little something about me: I have opinions about pretty much everything.  And if you have seen my opinion of the Cobblestone market across the street from my house, you will know that there are plenty of ways to screw up a corner store.Enter quik trip, which forgoes every one of these ways with aplomb.  Where Cobblestone has gas pumps that are perpetually unwell in ways too numerous to recount, QT has gas pumps aplenty, and they all--get this--pump gas.But the real charm of quik trip is how they purport to be a common man's convenience store but in reality have completely adept staff ringing people up like there's no tomorrow!  It's unreal.  Unlike the aforementioned dump across the street, in which you can expect to find a line even at 9:00 at night, at QT even in peak times the cashiers are ringing people up two at a time, one on either side of the register.  It's beautiful.  It's beautiful because there's--and I mean this--no job that is too menial to do well.  If you work at a convenience store, damn it, have some pride in your work.  I would.  And just because of these people, I would  gladly work at QT.  (Hell, in this market, I'll take any old job.  But you get the point.)Bravo, QT.  And also you get a big fat wet kiss from me for being the first store to carry Xenergy drinks (Blu Pom Represent!!) in all of your locations.  Woot!
5	Everything is awesome about QuikTrip, plain and simple.
5	By far, QT is the best convenience store in AZ! This one (like all QTs) offer rapid service, good food selection and great cold drinks. I especially admire their cashiers who can process multiple transactions at once.
5	Alright, what am I supposed to say about a gas station?Clean. Friendly. Quick... and my favorite... free air for your tires when everyone else charges for it.Oh, and probably some of the better prices on gas in town. What is there not to love?
5	What can I say the store is Clean and everyone is friendly.
5	How gas stations should be. Inside anyway. I love how they haul assngetting people checked out. Im not to sure about their gas. Makes my truck ping. Why and how can they guarantee it?
5	This is one of the cleanest most organized gas stations I have been to in a long time. The cashiers are fast and friendly. They have really good on the go style breakfast sandwiches. Definitely gonna stop there when I can.
3	At any time of the day or night I know I can get my favorite soft drink or sweet roll. nice and clean rest rooms.
4	Yay QT!!! Best gas station eva
4	Nice little store around the corner from home. Staff is always friendly and it has been clean everytime I've stopped in. Typical convenience store. Nothing super special. Good prices.
5	Love coming here, right next to my work, so they know me pretty well. Im here everyday. Great  friendly staff and speedy service, just like all the other Quik Trips!
5	Love the QT.  Prices are always competitive (or better than competitive), the pumps always work and have legible displays, the air is "free" and virtually always operable (neither of which is common at many stations), the gas is ranked with the "top tier" brands for quality, and the convenience store always has anything you could possibly need from a convenience store, from a nasty hot dog that's been on rollers for 3 days, to a nice super-cold Red Bull & bag o' jerky for your road trip.
4	My car likes this gas station. That's good enough for me.  Prices aren't the cheapest but not bad.  I can use my credit card and there is no fee.  Most of all, the nozzle stays in my fussy gas tank so I don't have to stand there and hold it like at some stations where it keeps shutting off if I let go of the handle.  There is a squeegee and water available so I can clean my windows.  I'm happy.
5	I never thought I would drive 5 miles to go to a convienence store!  Yet, today I did just that!  I wanted to fill my soda cup while I waited for my wife at the beauty parlor.  There was a Circle K just down the block, cheap soda too. Nah!  For every clean store there are two dirty and one filthy stores.  Just past that is a Shell place. Nah! They have big stores with lots of stuff, but piss you off long lines because there's only one clerk, who usually has an attitude. So, I pull out the I-phone, jump on Yelp, find the closest QT and happily drive the 5 miles just to fill my soda cup! Why? Because every store is super clean ( you will never find syrup, built up crap or crud on any drink machine or prep area ); every store is staffed with friendly super skilled cashiers ( tell me any other business where cashiers work both sides of the register at the same time- WOW! ); and every time I shop at any QT store I walk away impressed. So maybe it's not so weird that I drove 5 miles to a convienence store after all!!
3	Decent location best accessible if driving North or East.  There are lots of gas pumps here.  Fountain soda selection is good but they can't beat Circle K's prices.  I think their grill has some interesting options and occasionally I will get a hot dog.  They also have shakes and frozen coffee drinks available here.  A nice change of routine.
