4	This is a great shop in Shadyside with a little something for everyone.  It has lots of statuary, candles, and free trade items.  The second floor is simply filled with books on all sorts of subjects.  They seem to specialize in recovery - from addiction, abuse, etc., but they also have an even larger collection of self help and metaphysical subjects.  It's a nice local store to support when you're in the area.
4	This feels like one of those places that are tucked away and is somewhat of an adventure for you to find. Walking Walnut in Shadyside you usually don't think to walk down the side streets unless you have a purpose for doing so.Journeys, not to be confused with the chain shoe store, has a nice mix of items. From gems and incense, to books and art. It took us a while to browse the shelves as there was so much to look over. Walking through here as well makes you think that you are walking through someones personal pintrest page in real life.The book selection upstairs is a lot of self help, guidance type of reads. Good if you have a job where you are there to help people. They also have educational board games that would be good for children (don't read that as boring either).Why not five stars?  I'm a bit skeptical of a place that sells items that are to help you cure yourself when it's not medication.  But that shouldn't deter people from coming here.
4	Friendly front desk. A little condescending toward the back. Lovely jewelry, extensive collection of lovely things. Well worth a visit for unique gifts.
5	I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE.First...I'm a fan of new agey type places and the people that inhabit them. Second...the merchandise in here is pretty awesome. Candles, cards, medals, statues, love spells, books, signs, jewelry....I could go on and on. The gemstones are very reasonable and handpicked at different shows. Some of the items I think are REALLY inexpensive as compared to what I've seen in similar stores around the country and really beautiful.Third...I love the ladies that own/run Journeys. They're always eager to help find the perfect gift for someone (or myself usually) and direct me to the right item. I never feel like the are "selling" but are happy for people to look and let the items find them.Fourth...how I got here. My friends and I were discussing card/spiritual readers that we had been to in the past and this place came up. I was happy to try someone and something new and different for a reading. Love, love, love Stephanie for Akashic records. Rebecca (my usual reader from another place) for Tarot was great, too, but I don't believe she reads here anymore. In any sense, if you just want to peruse, look for a great gift for yourself or someone else or find an interesting read or HAVE an Interesting read you, stop in here. You will not be disappointed.
