5	This was a really good time!  Tivoli Village hosted the event.  I was a little worried that it sold out and approximately 2,000 people would be attending.  It took a while to get in but once I got inside, it was great!  All the staff for all the breweries and vendors were super friendly and had tons of beer to try.  30 different breweries/vendors in all.  They also had four different food vendors, including Haulin Balls and Slidin Thru, in addition to the restaurants already at Tivoli Village.Tivoli Village turned out to be a great venue.  The breweries were set up in a U-shaped design and it really worked.  A little crowded but easy enough to get around.  The music was terrific!  I hope they can pull this off again next year.
4	Been looking forward to this for months,like more than being a kid and knowing I would be going to Disneyland in the not so distant future.Had a great time! Saw coworkers from my job,and hubby's lolSuper crowded and super loud. Tasted some superior beer and ciders (Joseph James, Fox Barrel, Original Sin) and some horrible ones.Glad it didn't take place any later in the month,it passed the 90's a week later! Weather was good, locations was great, I was tossed!!!Slider trucks were there (though I didn't partake-by the time I wanted to eat, they were sold out of most things). I really wished they let me take home my little plastic tasting cup :(sadface I would go again in a heartbeat; lucky I got myself a ticket before it sold out!!!
5	While I am not normally a big fan of beer, I must say that this event was so much fun I can't wait until next year! With the wide variety of beers available to taste, I was able to find a few that even a non beer drinker like me could love. The crowds were large but not so large as to have to wait more than a couple of minutes to try any of the beers. The layout allowed for you to move from vendor to vendor easily, skipping those that didn't interest you. I was impressed by the level of professionalism by the production staff. I don't normally think of a beer fest as being an upscale event but this clearly was just that. The crowd was not your typical college beer drinkers but rather an eclectic mix of knowledgeable aficionados eager to have a great time. And despite all the flowing beer, there were no signs of poor alcohol induced behavior.Adding to the vibe was a wonderful island-style reggae band, KavaKreation! All I can say is WOW! They performed for about 3 hours, with each of their sets building to a crowd rousing final set that brought out the dancer in everyone present.  Clearly, a crowd favorite that added value to the already reasonably priced event. Mark your calendar for next year...this is a not to be missed event!
4	What is better than a cold beer on a hot day? All you can drink beer with Plethora vendors is definitely way better! I mean is it possible to try every single vendor and still be able to walk a straight line? CHALLENGE ACCEPTED! There's Dark, Light, and even Root beer! I also got some free swag from Yelp, Vitamin Water, and Evian water. Food inside the festival was kinda pricy, but it was good food and they took credit card. If you wanted too, you could walk to the nearest fast food restaurant and come back. So great location.  The live music was impressive, island style but were exceptionally talented and enjoyable to listen to.
2	TIPS FOR NEXT YEAR...MAKE SURE TIMES ARE CORRECT ON ALL FORMS OF INFODON'T LET THE RED HEAD YELL AT PEOPLE lolDON'T LET BREWERIES HOLD SPECIAL BREWS WHEN YOU ADVERTISE VIP ENTERANCE.START MUSIC AT 4 NOT 6!!I was totally bummed with this event. My husband and I attend beer festivals regularly in many states & GVFOB was very unorganized. I was so stoked too :(First the VIP tickets that we printed off said early enterance was 3PM & other sites said 4PM so of course we showed up at 3 & it wasn't till 4. So they started letting people in around 345.. cool right?!?! so we made our way to the VIP area where their were other attendees figuring we could mingled a little.. well out of nowhere a guy with red hair & a green shirt came by yelling at everyone to get out of the VIP lounge!! Let me tell you about the VIP lounge that we paid extra for.. No chairs.. hahaha.. absolutley nowhere to sit.. standing only & it was 100 degrees.. the food they offered ran out immediately & everyone was standing around waiting.. lol. The beer they featured in VIP area was disgusting too.. Nothing I can't get at Lee's. Ok so we go outside the VIP lounge to stand in the shade under a tree, we didn't even want anything to do with the VIP "lounge" at this point.. lol. BUT here came the red hed shouting at us to get away from the VIP area.. hahahaha.. My husband & I along with a few others were pretty pissed at this point.. CHILL OUT DUDE.. its a beer fest not the presidents arrival!!! OK so the fest finally started.. YAY.. went to a couple breweries that were having specific brews only featured at that beer fest. and I'll be dammed that they hade signs up saying they wouldn't be tapping those beers till 6 and 730!!!! Are you kidding me.. All these breweries & the fest advertised to get VIP tickets so you could get these special brews first!  Music did not start till 6 pm either.. so the first 2 hours were horrible.. hot, hardly any good beers, no music and we had already been yelled at by a marketer with a power trip.. hahaha. SO WE JUST LEFTyou only got 2 stars because you offered food vendors & I had never been to Tivioli
4	I'd like to start by saying that the VIP Area was a damn joke. Long lines for OK food which ran out and was not replenished. Otherwise, it was a great event. The vendors were amazing, the entertainment was fantastic and the whole day was just splendid.Also, the Yelp! both with the pretzel necklaces was nifty.CAN'T WAIT for next year!!
4	Very fun festival on the west side of town. Only a 4 star because it gets so compact. VIP is worth it for the food alone. Suncoast across the street and good place to crash. Motley Brews does a fine job
2	This used to be in Tivoli but has been moved over to Sunset Park. I did not attend the previous location, just this year but I've been to other Motley Brews organized events.The park has one lane in and out into the parking lots. The closest parking lot was a clusterfuck to get into and had a long queue causing traffic so we parked elsewhere and walked around the park to get down to the area. The usual suspects are the line up. I usually go purely to those pouring out of taps and not bottles then narrow down to mostly seasonals or specialty brews like Joseph James does exclusively for festivals. Since this was a Spring/Summer fest, there is a strong show of lighter, fresher styles and IPA heavy. I'm glad craft beer and events are gaining popularity. Events I go to annually are much busier now than they ever been. With that though, I feel they should make sure the space is far more than adequate. Sunset Park is a large park and they used part of the lake as a barrier, and then put up fencing around the festival space. We were not encroaching on the regular park goers space at all, so I feel that could have made the space bigger. If this was held maybe a month ago, it would have been perfect weather.  It was a hot sunny day and that with drinking is crappy enough. Trying to distinguish where long lines ended and where crowds hanging out begins sucked. Trying to squeeze through people to get places sucked. One big thing for me is that I like to be able to throw away remnants of my brew, wash it out well before getting a new beer. I noticed some vendors had their own thing behind the bar to do that, some didn't and just dumped the beer in the grass. This is not well prepared at all and was a complaint before in a review 2 years ago, so not a newcomers mistake. I would use my own water bottle to rinse except you know, I actually need to have a lot of water because it is hot and I always hydrate so I don't end up as a sick and sorry as the day progresses. This fest did not provide free waters I could fine (maybe there was and I'm wrong) , there were food vendors with beverages though. I found sporadically a table with a cooler and a dump bucket, but really it was so hard to jump through the crowd to get to the next area, I can't keep going back and forth to the 2 tables I've found in the park grounds to rinse and then push through again. The combination of being hot, having to touch and get really near people when I'm already feeling sticky and icky, cant find a rinse station, can't find shade, no water made us over it pretty fast. I'm very thankful I got free tickets, but I'm also highly relieved I didn't waste money for this.With it growing in popularity and is in the 3rd annual state, I feel it should have been more thought out and improved each year. I hate leaving bad reviews, I love supporting craft beer things, but this simply was not pleasant. I didn't know if I should put A-OK 3 stars or a 2 star... but after 2 hours I was done and left to get ice cream in frustration. Maybe A-OK for you, but was not for me.
5	2013 & Another great year as this festival continues to grow. We especially liked the addition of the "Cooling Zones" that had misting fans and free water in there.   Amazing selection of different brews that we've never heard of.   It was a little hot but the crowd was great.  We'll continue to return every year if we can! Loved the new venue too! So much room & shade! And the fact that he vast majority of the tickets buyers really know & understand craft beer as opposed to to some events where it's just "kids" looking for a fast buzz is a huge plus for me...great knowledgeable crowd with no safety issues. I met so many people that travel from other states for this event & I understand why. Great job, Motley Brews!
3	They needed more food!
4	I had a blast at this beerfest.  I saw some complaints about parking but my friend and I were dropped off and picked up so I can't speak to that.  I've been to a few beerfests in town and I was very happy with the water stations at this event.  It isn't summer so it was crazy hot but when you're drinking beer in the sun all day, water is key!There was a great selection of brewers and beer and it was great to see all the local breweries together.  My friend and I bought the Living Social deal so we had early entry.  From 2-3 there weren't many people so it was easy to get some different samples without waiting in line.  Suddenly around 3:15 this place was packed.  Still, the lines weren't too bad in some spots and the most we ever waited was 10 minutes.  But we were waiting with our previous sample in hand so I'm not complaining.I thought there was a good selection of food at this 'fest and there were some freebies going around.  I would definitely hit this up again next year!
1	This was my first time attending the festival.  While there were many good craft beers to try, maneuvering the festival was down right miserable.  Festival management has room to improve for next year.Parking was a total cluster.  Seemed as though they only made sure enough space existed for the expected participation level, but forgot to think about the efficiency of traffic flow.  The walk to the festival entrance from the parking was a road trip and a half without the use of your car.Line efficiency was non-existant.  Most breweries offered 2-4 options and were not efficient at delivering.  Often many beer servers/pourers had to toggle back and forth/change places in order to serve the requested brew.  Lines were on average 30-40 people long.  So, you grabbed a pour and went to stand in the next line of interest.  Not the relaxing and fun experience that I was looking forward to.  They offer a single small plastic tasting cup.  In every other tasting event I've attended there were rinsing stations with water and/or napkins.  Without the ability to taste each beer without remnants of the previous, it becomes difficult to evaluate theeach unique flavor profile.It was very hot and icky, and there was an extreme shortage of shade or shelter.  The bathroom sitch was strictly gross port-o-potties.    I want to love this local event more, but there were too many variables overlooked that put the customer in the 'zone of pain'.  Now if this event were cheap of free I would have overlooked the shortcomings, but is in fact neither.
4	Being in the industry myself as a beer event co ordinator / planner I was very impressed attending the GVFB this past Saturday in Las Vegas. The set up in Sunset Park was well planned with plenty of space for the most part....that is half the fun though to mix and mingle with fellow craft enthusiasts while waiting a relatively short period in line for a new taster. Two suggestions: Have a couple of portaloos staged in the holding area outside the festival entrance....witnessed an elderley gentleman denied access by security to use one which were of course just inside the sampling area prior to 2pm. Probably needed a few more ice runners to some of the breweries bottle sampling...it was 90 degrees on Sat and the ice quickly melted to water and a few beers were a little warm....all in all a great event and would rank with any festival I have attended anywhere with good breweries in attendance and typical craft beer drinkers enjoying and behaving themselves in a comfortable environment...I will certainly be back next year......Tony C.
4	I've been to many a beer fests and a few hosted by Motley Brews.  I had a great time at this festival.VIP tickets were $55 in advance and included admission to the private VIP area (complete with special brews and free food), early admission (get in at 2PM instead of 3PM), and admission to the entire event.  It was definitely worth it and I would highly recommend doing VIP at beer fests if you have the funds to do so.First, the food in the VIP area was delicious and helped me maintain a certain level of sobriety throughout the afternoon.  The portions were small enough to allow me to sample all the items (spicy sausage, mac and cheese, and yummy tacos with mango salsa) but big enough to keep me full.The area for the event at Sunset Park was much smaller than I had anticipated and looked much bigger on the map.  For this reason, it was hard to tell where some of the lines began and ended.  A tad annoying, but oh well.  I love that they provided a detailed map so I could plan out my afternoon accordingly without having to scope out the area too much.  I also appreciate that they had hydration stations set up with tons of water and the awesome mister fan thing was going.  As most people lamented about, it was a really hot afternoon attributed to a really hot random week in April, but hey, Motley Brews can't control the weather so it's silly to ding them for that.Parking was a pain though.  I don't remember any signage on the street pointing us in the right direction, and the parking staff seemed a tad clueless on how to organize and direct traffic.  Also, the ladies restrooms ran out of toilet paper during the afternoon and the sinks (while I'm thankful they had sinks) also ran out of paper towel.  I wished there had been a set of private bathrooms in the VIP area. It would've just been a nice added touch for the money.I know some people complained about the size of the tasting cup (about 4oz), but it's a tasting cup! The goal is sample beer, not get smashed (although I know many people had that goal going into the event).  If you really wanted to appreciate beer and find new favorites, it was a decent sized cup to accomplish the task.
4	How fun!!! Thanks for the tickets, Yelp!!There was so much we loved about this event, and so much that can be improved. The pros were that some of our absolute favorite breweries were there and we were able to try things we've been interested in but didn't wanna commit to a sixer. The food was absolutely delicious and thank goodness for the hand washing stations outside of the port-a-potties. The cons were that the port-a-potties were all on one side of the event, pulling you far far away from the festivities, the lines for food were more than an hour long and by the halfway point, most of the breweries were tapped out of some of the more exciting brews on the menu. We found the Yelp tent at around 5:30, and were really looking forward to the delicious pretzel necklaces, but they were all gone, so we stocked up on pins and a bottle opener. The man (I forget his name) greeted me with a hug because I was one of the winners of free tickets - and that made me glad. I'm interested to see what next year brings with the Beer Fest, for sure.
5	Incredibly fun event (although make sure to put on sunscreen, I got totally burned)
4	Great time, large selection of beers.
4	The festival was overall fun. I wish they would have provided more varieties, and possibly had a better set up considering we were in the heat, with little to no shade. Overall, I would go again.
4	Beerfest! Awesome!!!To help the truth I had been living under a rock because I had not heard this was going on till 3 days before! But was extremely lucky as I had friends with spare tickets.This was another one of those cool things that the downtown area is bringing to the locals here in Vegas and guess what, "we Iove it" I could not count how many beer tents, kegs, back of cars or even trailers the vendors had but it was well organized and something i hope stays for years to come.They also had a bunch of awesome restaurants that put on some food, no they were not included into the ticket price but were all reasonably priced. One of my favorite places Echo and Rig had these killer sandwiches that I nearly purchased 10 of.Entering the festival you received a 4oz cup to use and at first I thought this won't be enough but it was!!!! Try the 100 shots of beer challenge some day and try this festival! 4oz was enough. The night before I was at a bachelor  party so I didn't get to all the beers as well I was hurting a bit but this festival was awesome!!!One knock I will give is there wasn't much seating, after a few hours of standing my feet and back were on the fritz!!!4 outta 5 stars for sure
4	This is a great beer festival. Unlimited samples of beer. A nice collection of breweries from Nevada. A few food trucks and food alley, where we indulged on Stack's roasted pig sandwiches and the delicious chicharones. Only complaint, when entering the festival, the line situation was a little confusing.
