5	this particular location is great for pre/post-game Pirates as its right downtown on the other side of the river from PNC Park.lower area has seating for lunch, and upstairs is a bar/restaurant area. the bar can be seedy at times, but nice enough to have a few brews with lunch/dinner.the food is phenomenal. the ny-style pizza is one of the best in (and out of) the city, but the variety of the menu goes way beyond. apps/wings/soups/salads/pastas/etc.. ive tried a lot of this menu and im always satisfied.my fave item is probably the buffalo chicken hoagie. incredible. chicken-cheese-sauce-buffalo fries... half a hoagie here is a large portion. the chicken parm is also a great sub.with daily happy hour, pirates game specials and weekend deals its a no-brainer to knock back a few and try some food.
5	I live about a block away and I come here often. Usually just to have a few drinks, but I do eat here from time to time.The bar is upstairs. Amy is absolutely the best bartender!!! Ask her to make you a drink/shot that "tastes good," and she will make you a very tasty concoction!!! I won't even order a drink if anyone else is working.They have a drink special everyday of the week. Some better than others, but you can get drinks for $3 a piece. And it's all day, not just for happy hour. Now onto the food. The calzones are HUGE!!! Definitely split them with another person. They always arrive quick and hot. Never had a bad sandwich here, but none stands out in my mind. Probably because I always have to get the kind my boyfriend likes. Now for the PIZZA. This is absolutely the best pizza you can get in downtown. I know, I know, what's the difference? Pizza is pizza. Well, I don't know what they do to it but it's great!!!The maintenance guy in our building, who has lived there for 7+ years, got us turned onto it and now that is the only pizza we eat. You definitely gotta try it. We only get the pepperoni, and it's excellent!!! Have been wanting to try one of their specialty pizza's but they are a little out of my price-range (hmmm...booze or food?)But their prices are reasonable, especially for downtown. Definitely check it out.
4	Good food. Great place to go before or after a Pirates game. There is a full bar upstairs.The pizza is amazing. The drinks are really good too!
4	I've been here both times I visited Pittsburgh. Its a really good spot for italian and/or hoggies. Be care though, their hoggies are REALLY big, so come with an appetite.
4	While this place is nothing to look at, The food is terrific. I've had several things now and everything is wonderful with generous portions. If you are looking for a greek salad?, Unbelievable! it's pretty busy during lunch but almost empty at Dinner and yet the food is still wonderful.
4	Got into the Pitts very late and need some yummy food to eat! Guest services from the Hotel said their buffalo wings was the shiz so I had to come check it out since they are open late and haz a full bar. My girl friend and I headed upstairs... the music was popping up there and I thought there was a party going on! Haha nope just a few girls hanging out and a digital juke box. The place wasn't busy and the server that took our order seem like she was running a marathon in there, but was nice. We just ordered wings, it was cooked well, and was really good.
4	The food was great! (I had the meatball sandwich). A half sub was definitely enough to fill me up. It wasn't a very busy place when I went, but that may have been because of the weather. Pricing was decent, atmosphere followed, but great eats!
4	Love this place.  Quick, inexpensive and fun. Good food.  Great for after the Pirates games and before a matinee theater date.
4	Huge hoagies... meatballs were good, pizza on game day is cheap and good.
3	Went to an afternoon Reds-Pirates game and afterwards wanted some pizza. Across the river from PNC Park there is Cafe Milano and it looked like a good place for some pizza. There are two floors, downstairs is just pizza and soft drinks, upstairs there is a bar. While the pizza wasn't amazing, I did enjoy it and it filled my pizza craving. It was also decently priced. The leftovers also made for a great late night snack later that  evening. Cafe Milano is a good spot if you are looking for good pizza after a Pirates game.
3	I was a little confused by the layout of this restaurant when I first walked in.  It was immediately following a game at PNC Park, so they were selling pizza by the slice on the street.  There was also a counter inside to place a full order, which is what we did. We then took a seat on the lower level   but later figured out that there is an upstairs area with a bar and waiter service.  Good to know if you're looking to get a beer with your pizza.  The pizza, however, is the same whether you order upstairs or downstairs.  And it's pretty decent.  This is a perfect stop after a ball game.
4	Cafe Milano has been my go-to stop for inexpensive and yummy food ever since I was lead in there by my co-workers when I was working as an usher at Heinz Hall back in 2005.  This is a very casual, low-key restaurant, so anyone looking for a more high-end atmosphere is going to want to look elsewhere.  But if you want a place with terrific food and plentiful portions, this is the place to go.Cafe Milano has really cleaned up it's act a lot just in the past couple years or so.  They have their kitchen and small eating area on their main floor and an actual dining room up on the second floor, and both of these areas have been remodeled and cleaned up a lot.  This place definitely used to fit the definitely of a "whole-in-the-wall" type of restaurant, but they've really improved the aesthetics of the restaurant, making it much more appealing for anyone glancing in from the sidewalk.The mood and service of the staff is kind of hit or miss.  The kitchen staff tends to be a bit cranky (I know they're quite moody on the phone) and I've heard the delivery guys are pretty rude, so that's definitely a downside. The attentiveness of the waitresses upstairs can range from really great to pretty distracted.  But then again, they have a lot to pay attention to.  If I come in on a weekday after work, there is always just one waitress attending to the entire dining room and everyone at the bar.  So if your service is on the slow side, I'm sure it's because your waitress is being pulled in wayyyy too many directions at once.Now on the food.  My favorite items on the menu can be found in their hoagies and pizza section.  I stick with an 8" hoagie (which is considered their "half" hoagie) and it's always plenty to eat.  My favorite hoagie is their ranchero steak, which is a steak hoagie topped with cheese, french fries, and ranch sauce.  Pssst, here's a little hint:  Ask for the buffalo fries in place of the french fries, it gives it a little extra kick and definitely stands out amidst all the meat, cheese, and sauce!  I also love the fish, eggplant, eggplant parm, and vegetable hoagies.  They all come fully stuffed with goodies and are so filling!Okay, pizzas.  Where to even start.  I guess if I had to pick a favorite it would be the broccoli & chicken.  Then of course there's the BBQ chicken, five cheese, ranchero (chicken), hawaiian.....I mean, they're all fabulous.  And they're generously portioned too.  A lot of these are considered gourmet pizzas so the prices are going to be higher than your basic pepperoni, but think of if this way:  If there are two of you, split a small.  If there's four, split a medium.  Trust me, you will have plenty to eat.So now for the best part about this restaurant:  They're always open.  No not 24/7 open, but whenever a restaurant should be open, they're open.  Want a pizza at 11pm on a Wednesday night?  They're open.  Coming out a Sunday matinee performance and realizing that around 5pm the entire downtown area of Pittsburgh turns into a ghost town?  Cafe Milano will be open.  I can't tell you how many late dinners I've eaten at this restaurant over the years after coming out of a shift at work or a performance down the street.  It's just straight up, no frills, tasty as can be, comforting food.
1	I was here for business and stayed at a nearby hotel in downtown. They delivered my food (free of charge), but they won't receive an extra star for that because of the TERRIBLE customer service AND they got my order wrong. I was really excited to try the steak ranchero because no. 1 - I love meat, no. 2 - I love french fries and no. 3 - I love ranch dressing! But to no avail, they gave me a plain old steak hoagie. At least they got the extra jalapenos right. Whoopty-freaking-do. The hoagie was definitely nothing to write home about.Let's get to the terrible customer service... the dude who delivered my food got upset when I tried to pay with my credit card. I mean, don't get mad at me cuz your boss didn't ask me how I was gonna pay. Then, he doesn't give me a receipt. Isn't it customary to provide a copy of the receipt when you deliver on the east coast? I'm from California and that's freaking standard, man! Wouldn't you think if you're delivering to a hotel, the person is probably traveling for business and would need to provide supporting receipts in order to receive reimbursement for meal expenses? Come on now! So I kindly asked the hotel front desk to make a copy of the receipt. They were taking some time to make a copy so we stood there awkwardly trying NOT to make eye contact because it was OBVIOUS he was annoyed. Hey buddy, don't be upset with me because you hate your job! When I gave him the receipt and said thank you (yes, I still was polite even through all the awkwardness), he just walked away. No bye, no have a great night, no nothing. I don't know why I was expecting anything more from this guy.Maybe I would have had a better experience if I walked in to place my order instead, but judging on the previous reviews, I highly doubt that.
5	Love this place!  Very low key and terrific food.  The pizza is amazing!  We got one that had everything on it including bacon and it was delicious.  I am a huge crust person, and their crust was tasty!Great place to go at any time, but especially late night.  Service and food were both great.  and the pricing won't break the bank.I would definitely recommend going here if in the downtown area.  We walked here from the Omni.
5	This is my favorite place for lunch. I love the pizza. They have a number of lunch specials. Service is outstanding (we always sit in Jens section)  I love the white pizza. Get there early as they fill up for lunch
4	Pretty good, had the pizza, really liked the sauce.  Service wasn't too great but there was only one person working the bar and tables.
1	So...my first mistake was ordering from this place for delivery.  Ordered a bacon cheeseburger, broccoli puffs, and a stromboli, and 2 two liters of Dew.  What arrived was a calzone, 1 two liter of Dew, a cheeseburger with bacobits sprinkled on it, and broccoli puffs that were A) Obiously store bought/not fresh made B) tasted okay, but nothing to write home about.  Also had the delivery person first tell me to meet him in the lobby of the hotel I was staying at...then call me as I was waiting in the lobby from the floor I was staying on.My SECOND mistake was letting friends drag me to this place to sit down and eat after my first negative experience.  Tried the chicken and broccoli alfredo this time...only to have the waitress give 'my' order to someone at another table and then try to give me their chicken alfredo without broccoli.  They corrected it, but it resulted in my getting my food dead last in our group.  The food was...not horrid...but as I'm still sitting there, trying to eat, suddenly she's pushing boxes and checks at people...making me feel like they just wanted us out and gone.  Place was a ghost town at 12:30pm...and I can definitely tell why.
4	Cafe Milano is another gem in Downtown Pittsburgh.  They've got a fairly extensive menu here--calzones, hoagies, signature sandwiches, salads, gyros, and of course a very comprehensive pizza menu.  Milano's really good for a quick lunch.  They have pizza by the slice here and individual mini-pizzas too.  I ordered two slices, each with pepperoni and mushrooms.  I figured if I couldn't finish both, I could have one tomorrow.  And as we all know, pizza's great the 2nd day.  Good pizza here, and if you can tear yourself away from work for a proper lunch hour, do like I did and get a couple of slices or a sandwich to go and take it over to a nearby plaza for a little al fresco dining.
3	I was staying at the Renaissance hotel across the street and decided to stop here because it was so cold out I didn't want to go far for dinner. I ordered a small half cheese/half pepperoni. The pizza was not bad more doughy then I usually like. It kinda reminded me of Domino's pizza. Service was fast. Overall I would come back to eat if I wanted something close to the hotel and inexpensive.
3	typical ny type pizza. ok but nothing earthshaking. they sell slices out on the street when there are baseball games.
4	Someone ordered pizza for us for lunch at work the other day from Cafe Milano, and I thought it was very good. I don't normally go nuts for pizza, either. It wasn't the best ever but is worth trying.
4	This is a great place to come with friends before a Pirates game!  The pizza is pretty good and the game day special (2013) is a large cheese pizza and a pitcher of domestic beer for $13.00.   The pizza is always fresh.  The sauce is delicious and the crust is a nice hand tossed thin crust.  I've never been disappointed.  The atmposphere is comfortable and the waitstaff are friendly.  It's definitly worth a stop in.
5	Excellent local watering hole.  Their drinks are some of the cheapest Downtown and good for them for doing it too.  They could easily charge higher prices since they are located so close to the Cultural District.  The pizza is insanely good and I have never left disappointed.  They way they make their pizza is to layer cheese than toppings than more cheese and trust me Cafe Milanos does not skimp on toppings. Besides the cheap drinks and delicious pizza I also like that they sale a mini pizza and it's every bit as good as it's larger cousins.
4	Very good atmosphere, family oriented dining, and most importantly, the wings were delicious.
4	Had a great dinner here before a show. Mom had a pizza which was awesome, hot and fresh. I had an Italian sub which was tasty. The side salads were even really good. Loved the view from where we sat. This is a small, inexpensive place to eat and enjoy. Highly recommended and so close the the place where our show, Potted Potter was-The Byham Theater.
5	Overall good quality and tasting New York style pizza! My one complaint has nothing to do with the food which is great! I was nervous at first when the woman who answered the phone was not the friendliest when I was ordering but the pizza made up for the lack of service. Everything else was great. It came within 45 minutes. A large pie & 2 liter soda goes for around $15. The pizza was really delicious! I will definitely be ordering again!
1	I went to Pizza Milano for lunch with a group of 5 coworkers on a casual Monday around 11:45AM (their choice).   I have been to the restaurant in the past and have had sub par food and service, so was not expecting much to begin with.   What ended up happening was one of the worst downtown dining experiences I have had to date.To begin, our waitress took too long to come over to greet us.  Once she did all she said was "you ready?"  Sure ma'am... I guess we are.  We all ordered simple items, a small pepperoni pizza, small mushroom pizza and side salad, buffalo chicken salad, sandwich and onion rings, and I ordered a small broccoli pizza and a side salad.  We all ordered water or soft drinks.I received my side salad first, with no silverware and packet dressing.  The other diner who ordered a side salad, never received hers.The buffalo chicken salad came out next 5-7 minutes later.  Overall, the diner said it was fine and a good size, but again came with packet dressing.Next came the pepperoni pizza (fine) and the mushroom pizza (also fine) - which came in the wrong size.  Still no silverware or drinks.Finally,  we receive silverware and the sandwich and onion rings which were decent.  Still no drinks, and my pizza is nowhere to be found.  At this time, another waitress comes up to our table and proceeds to argue with our waitress IN FRONT OF US about she gave our diner the wrong pizza.  After their argument, I remind them that I am still missing my food and we are still lacking drinks.  We have now hit 12:20PM.They clearly forgot my Pizza all together, because 10 minutes later they tell me they are cooking it and it should be out soon.  I received my pizza at 12:45 after one of our diners had to leave to go back to work.  No apology, no admittance of the mess up, nothing.  Once I received my pizza, it was fine, but overall the quality of the food here does not compare with other places. We finally received our checks at 1:15PM which were incorrect (at this point expected).  They made zero effort to rectify the many mistakes other than telling me that they took $1.50 off of my check.  Needless to say, Cafe Milano will no longer be receiving my business as there are MANY other Pizza restaurants in downtown which exceed them in both service and food quality.  I would highly recommend going to Monte Cellos or Giovanni's instead when you are looking for a quick pizza lunch downtown.
