4	Whenever I feel like I'm coming down with something, I go get their Then Tuk, which is the Tibetan version of a chicken noodle soup.  But oh, the noodle is fresh and handmade, with a satisfying texture and consistency; the soup is a nice rich broth with spinach to make you feel even more virtuous.  I ask for some extra spice to, which gives it a good kick and clears away anything ick that may be in the sinuses!Also, really like the friendly folks who run the place.  It's low-key, very reasonable prices and pretty good food all around.
4	Getting to try Tibean food at Om was a treat so we ordered from the Tibetan part of the menu and skipped the Indian food.  The menu offers several kinds of dumplings (taste better than the word sounds) and realizing it was our first time, our server offered to bring a mixed platter of several kinds which was terrific.  The stir-fried beef with mushrooms was awesome.  Lentil soup was tasty but a bit thin to me.  Slow paces, but that was fine for us.
3	Average setting. Nice vibe with music & deco. Food was ok, nothing i would run back to eat but might want to visit another time to try other dishes ! Service was great.
5	Simply the BEST lentil soup I've EVER had!The mo mos were simply delish as well; especially the beef with tamarind dipping sauce...YUM! Service was very personable and friendly,as well as very informative.We were a large group and they handled it very well,even though there were only 2 servers. Wonderful place, great food and service,reasonsonable prices.
5	My family and I had such a great experience at Om for our first Tibetan meal. While we've eaten plenty of Indian food, we were at a loss for what Tibetan food to order. Thankfully, Tashi our waitress was more than happy to assist us with order. Staff was very amicable and food was outstanding. Put Om on your list if you are looking for great Tibetan food. We will be back next time we are visiting Montreal.
5	This place is an absolute DELIGHT. Such warm + welcoming service - pure charm, all good vibes. The food was completely delicious. We had the blue cheese and lamb soup with naan bread as a starter, which was perfection. Then, a sampler of all the different types of momos (dumplings) which were artfully prepared, perfectly seasoned and came with the best mint sauce of life, I kid you not. We also had the chili chicken, which was also really, really tasty. To top it all off, the prices are totally affordable. The wine selection leaves much to be desired, though, so next time I'll just stick with the super fresh mango lassie or the butter tea. This will be the place I take out of town friends from now on, and I'll be going back again to treat myself, too.
5	Went here tonight. Love this place. The owners are lovely (and they have a cute tiny little kid who brought us an unsolicited can of 7-up mid-meal), the room is nice and quiet, and the food is on point--and there's a lot of it, which I wasn't expecting; we couldn't even finish it. But that beef-and-bean-noodles plate is sure going to look great to me tomorrow!Get a salad, too. They make a delicious dressing, something with sesame oil? Anyway, you won't regret it.
