5	This place use to be a little italian joint with pretty damn good pizza.  Now it is your typical new american eatery.  Damn if wasn't craving a burger and looked out the window to see this place.   Awesome.  So I cant speak to anything but the FFs burger and coke.    But mmhmm good!   It seems everybody is putting their own flair on a burger these days.   This one had the red onion jam.   RED ONION JAM WTF?   Ok sign me up.  Anything with jam as an ingredient is a must try. Right?    But hold the kale. Im not a kale person.   Arugula instead please.   No complaints.  Good stuff.   Heres the kicker.  Im a mustard person.  Part Polish, so mustard and sausage is my thing.    Here, they have legit course ground brown mustard.   So thats pretty huge in my book.    Check em out if your in the area. If you are really smart you would eat here before going to an event at the arena and just leave your car here.   Atleast, I would. I mean, good food before event, drinks after with dessert and you parked the car for free.  Duh. That a no brainer in this guys opinion.Update.   Grand opening is in two weeks sooo...  Nom nom nom.
3	I miss Villa Francesca.  I went to this new incarnation of it today for lunch hoping for some pasta, but pasta is no longer on the lunch menu.  My chicken parm sandwich was pretty good, but it was not pasta.   Maybe I will get pizza the next time.  Or just go to Mama Ricotta's instead.   If you get the balsamic dressing on your salad, be aware that it splatters all over and stains your shirt if you are not ultra-careful.  The place is not bad but it isn't Francesca's anymore.  Unfortunately.
2	My wife disagrees with the two star rating thinking it should only get one.  My thinking is: 1 for good service and one for cleanliness.  Even though the vibe (decor and music) is mid-nineties, it's well done.  The positive remarks end there unfortunately.  We ordered the Mediterranean Board for an appetizer and split the burger.  The fries (although greasy) and the hummus wasn't bad, but the taziki, chicken and beef skewers lacked any sort of Mediterranean flavor whatsoever.  They must have been out of salt and lemon because I've never had anything so bland before.  The meat was overdone, charred and had too much gristle.  No where near restaurant quality in my humble opinion.  The burger was sloppy and barely edible.  Bad meat? I'm not sure, but we both had stomachaches after the meal.  I feel bad giving them such a bad review, but their chef needs to figure out how to actually cook, not just create a cool menu.  We will not be back.
5	We got delivery from Foodie Call, so I can't speak for the atmosphere or service, but this was one of the best NYC-style pizzas I have had in or out of NYC. Good stuff!
5	Amazing food. Calamari is off the chain. The pizza is as authentic as it gets. Plus you can't beat the service.
5	The short ribs are wonderful. I've had them twice. So tender you don't need a fork and the demi is a great compliment to the rich meat. I am picky about my short ribs and I will order them on my 3rd visit! My husband has had the cast iron skillet strip and loved it. Perfectly cooked and the wilted spinach was a good match. For $23, this is a great deal. You will be hard pressed to find a steak this good for that price!
4	Thinking I'd have a nice Italian dinner from Villa Francesca, I was surprised to see the new @7th Restaurant. I decided to give it a try. I sat at the bar to have a glass of wine and take out. Since it was New Year's Eve, they offered a good-ol' traditional special of  pork belly, collard greens and black eyed peas. The pork belly was probably the best I've ever had. It had a sweet-salty crust and was rich and tender. Decadent! The collards had good flavor but I did detect a wee bit of grit. The black eyed peas were just slightly under cooked. I don't like mushy but would rather not have too crunchy.The service at the bar was very good.Basically, I will definitely go back to @7th. They have a really nice decor, great location and a good thing going. They should be able to do well.
