5	On November 8th, 2013, a few friends of mine had the opportunity to experience Vegas Valley Food Tour/DTLV Food Tour. We seriously had a culinary food blast!  We all agreed that it was one of the most amazing experiences we've ever had. Being able to take a food tour and taste several eclectic food items have brought culture to this city and is definitely a culinary experience. We started our tour off at the Beef Jerky Store Downtown Fremont.  One of my favorite food item's there, was the Tofu Jerky, I honestly could not believe that Tofu could taste that good. We also tasted dried okra. The okra tasted like potato chips without the potato, also very tasty. After the Beef Jerky Store,we headed over to Rachel's Kitchen.I enjoyed the chicken salad and the traditional tomato basil with the penne pasta. You can tell that Rachel's Kitchen foods are made with fresh ingredients and are high quality. From Rachel's Kitchen we headed to Uncle Joe's Pizzeria.The fried mozzarella ravioli tasted really good and wasn't greasy like most fried raviolis.  Uncle Joe's Pepperoni Pizza, honestly was the best pizza I've ever had, again it was not greasy by any means.  Being able to leave a personal mark by writing on the wall at Uncle Joe's was cool and fun.  After Uncle Joe's we headed to Sweet Spot Candy Shop.Sweet Spot Candy Shop honestly have the best candies in Downtown Las Vegas.  Sweet Spot Candy will for sure take you down memory lane.   I tried a few different candy's but the chocolate cover cherry was my favorite.  With the many varieties, there are something sweet  for everyone. If you are looking for a special gift that's sweet to give to someone special, Sweet Spot Candy Shop will definitely help you make it a special occasion. Last but not least, we headed over to an authentic Italian Restaurant called Chicago Joes.As soon as you walk into Chicago Joes, you feel welcomed there. It's a very cozy restaurant that was once a house. We were able to speak with the owner and were given a brief history of Chicago Joes. The Spaghetti with meatball was very tasty and you can tell that bread was homemade, also very delicious.  Having the experience of the Vegas Valley Food Tour allowed us to experience Downtown Las Vegas in a totally different way. Everyone in my group agreed that we would all do it again. Vickie Wilson, the owner is amazing. She is knowledgeable and knew that this city was missing something and that something was The Vegas food Tour of Downtown Las Vegas.
5	Awesome host/guide/leader/food connoisseur!! Chicago Joes pasta & bread was delicious but my favorite was the Sweet Spot (they had so much yummy stuff)! Josh & I can't wait until we can do it again it was absolutely fun-even in the rain.I highly recommend it to take the reasonably priced tour it was well worth it.THANKS-Vickie & Evan!!!!!!!! Oh & your wonderful mom & pops.
5	My boyfriend and I went on the food tour this past weekend. We weren't sure what to expect. Vickie and Evan took us on a tour through downtown Las Vegas giving us historical facts along with pictures about Las Vegas. I'm a native and had no idea about the history of my home. We were taken to several shops and business that were hidden treasures. They accommodated my special diet consisting of no pork. They allowed us to ask questions and answered them without hesitation. I would recommend this tour for anyone of any age. It was a great experience!
5	We thoroughly enjoyed our tour and highly recommend it to others looking for a local flavor of Las Vegas.  Our tour guides, Vickie and Evan, were very sweet and worked hard to make sure the tour was high quality and well-organized.  They even showed photos to illustrate the history of Las Vegas as we walked, which made it much more engaging than just listening.  We enjoyed all the food we tasted, and it was diverse and plenty!  If we had any advice to give, it would be to allow more time at the beef jerky store so that folks could browse and buy, or tell people upfront to get there early if they want to browse.  Also, perhaps they could offer shuttle van service between the Strip and the downtown Las Vegas meeting location for a small fee.  We found our way there and back, but we think a shuttle would make it much more appealing to those staying on the Strip.
5	My wife and I took the tour and both had a great time.  We both really enjoyed the variety of food we got to sample and enjoyed learning about downtown Las Vegas.  I would definitely recommend this tour to anyone.
5	my wife and i just took the tour and really had an enjoyable time.  We were able to experience the great food (and plenty of it) and receive a brief education on downtown las vegas. The tour gave us the opportunity to see some areas and places that we otherwise would  not realize were there.  Vicky and Evan were great !. We highly recommend as an excellent value and a great way to spend 3 hours in D'town vegas
5	This was a great experience. I'm a new Vegas local. This was a great way to learn more about the history of downtown. Plus you get to sample fantastic food. Eat a lite breakfast because you will be stuffed long before the tour ends.  Thanks Vickie and Evan.
5	I bought this tour for 2 on Living Social and had such a good time. Not only was the tour very informative about old Vegas, we got to eat at a nice grouping of food places that had really good food. Plus we were able to walk off the food and learn along the way. Vickie and Ethan were wonderful guides and my friend & I had a really good time. I would do it again in a heartbeat! Plus Vickie let us know that she changes up the food vendors so it would be something different. Nice way to spend an afternoon.
5	Vickie and Evan put together a thoughtful, interesting, and delicious tour of downtown Las Vegas and it is an experience I recommend for tourists and locals.  There is always something new to learn about Las Vegas and I left the tour with several new activities on my to do list.  When my family members come to visit I will recommend this tour, and I would be happy to join them for a second go around!  You can't find friendlier tour guides in the city!  Thanks Vickie and Evan!
5	My daughter-in-law and I went on the food tour in downtown Vegas today.  What an awesome tour and our tour guides (Vickie and Evan) were outstanding.  I enjoyed every single place we visited and tasted some very good food.  Vicki also gave us lots of history about Vegas, especially the downtown area.  This is a tour that I would recommend to anyone, local or visitors.  I live in Vegas and did not know about all of the hidden gems that Vickie showed us today.  Since they change the tour to try new places, it would be a fun way to spend another afternoon.
5	I booked this tour because my sister was visiting and I was looking for something new to do while she was here.  This food tour was excellent!  We learned a lot about the history of the downtown area, as well as the revitalization of the area.  Oh, and the food!!! YUMMM!  CouCous was our favorite, but there wasn't one disappointment among the places we stopped.  Vickie and Evan were delightful hosts and I would recommend the tour to everyone!
5	Vickie did a wonderful job of putting together a great tour and Evan was perfect in the role of chief assistant (making sure the food was ready when we arrived at the venues, delivering the dishes in some cases, and making sure that no one got lost in the back of the group).  The tour was actually a blend of sampling at some of the less well  known places to eat downtown as well as an informative learning experience along the way that included several interesting facts about Las Vegas' history.  We're locals but had not been in any of the restaurants and that was perfect.  Our intent was to hopefully experience some different places that we can visit when we are downtown.  The food was excellent everywhere we stopped and my wife and I will definitely do this again as the venues change or different tours are added.
5	Vickie and Evan took us to interesting Las Vegas local restaurants, buildings for food tasting, sight seeing, and history lore. The right amount of walking, eating and guiding! Looking forward to re-visiting some of the sites in downtown again soon. Highly Recommended!
5	AWESOME!  I highly recommend this Vegas Valley Food Tour.   The food samplings at each stop were great and we were full by the end of the tour.  Vicki and Evan were friendly, informative and professional.  They have a true passion for locals and businesses.  We learned a lot about downtown LV and the businesses and we got to eat some yummy food.  What a great combination for a fun Saturday afternoon.
5	Vickie is fabulous and Evan is wonderful, the two of them provided a first class tour of some great places in downtown to eat that we never knew existed. I loved the history lesson as well, so educational, made it that much better. My only complaint; there was too much food!!! I loved all of it!!! We will definitely be taking the dessert tour when it becomes availble. Thanks so much for an awesome afternoon.
5	I used to come to downtown LV when I was a kid but now that I am old enough to gamble I try to avoid LV all together.  Lol. I had this trip planned for Marilou D's bachelorette party. Woo hoo!  Vegas Valley food tours was one of the planned outings with all the girls.  I was more thinking of a sit down thing and they feed us.  It's actually a walking tour to different business.  We sat down, ate, and got fatter.  Getting fat At least the walking was a little exercise.My favorite was Rachel's Kitchen.  I love cute little coffee shops.  The food was delicious and the owner was so sweet.   We walked into local businesses as well and they were awesome.  It is a great change compared to the strip.  Never knew places like this were in Las Vegas.  It's definitely worth it to travel to downtown LV to take this tour.
5	I took this walking food tour with my husband and a friend. The three of us really enjoyed each of the six locations we visited. There was a great variety of foods: from pizza to vegan nachos, from all-natural popsicles to hummus & pita bread, from beef jerky to pasta salad. I was full of fantastic food by the end of the tour.Our guide Vickie talked about the history of downtown Las Vegas as well. She pointed out interesting buildings and was funny and informative.Definitely planning on recommending this to friends and family.  A terrific option for those who don't drink or gamble and/or who want to experience the culinary side downtown Vegas.
