5	This place is great with friendly staff. I think it was recently remodeled and it is very nice inside. Nice cheap used books with a decent selection.
4	Really friendly and helpful staff, and a massive selection of books, CDs and DVDs in all genres. A friend from Ann Arbor declared this among the greatest used bookstores she's ever visited. Highly recommended for the thrifty book-lover.
2	East side Frugal Muze...if you can get by the daytime clientel reeking of smoke and the incessant, mindless, LOUD chatter of the staff...it is ok. Head to the west side one. HUGE selection and clean.
1	Howard the owner can be rude and unwelcoming. The rest of the staff are great.
1	My wife and I are planning to move across the country and don't plan on lugging our three year book collection with us. We thought we'd go to Frugal Muse hoping to get a few bucks for our rather extensive collection. Previous to being put into bags to carry from our apartment to the store, the books lived on nice bookshelves in the living room of our apartment. Neither of us are smokers and no one has ever smoked in our apartment. We don't burn incense and we've never had a flood.We walked in; brought in one bag for starters. The lady there behind the counter instructed us to set the books on a wooden table and to browse around while she checked out our books. Since this was the first time we've done this, I began to ask her a few questions about the process. She brought out a few books putting them in different piles (one for books they would take and one for books they wouldn't). After about four books sorted, she abruptly stopped, stating our books were moldy and that obviously we'd been storing them in a damp basement. She immediately walked over to her hand sanitizer, coughed and told us she had sever allergies and if she went any closer she'd need an emergency inhaler. Both of us were taken aback. A lot of the books we wanted to sell were books we had just finished reading and/or were books we loved. They were not books that had just sat there. Needless to say, we won't be back.
1	After our horrible experience at the North/East side 'Muse, we decided to try the West Side one. What a difference! They ended up taking ALL of our books, and didn't have any problem with the quality of any of them.
