5	These guys were very helpful.  We ran in to them at the Ostrich Festival in Chandler.  They told us to come in and we were not disappointed one bit.  Staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.  Not only that, they prices were lower than nearly every other shop I have been to in the area.  Not to mention, its the first Vape Lounge that is actually a lounge.  My new shop and I bet it will be yours once you check it out.
5	Great Service!!!! and They have best selection,
5	There are a lot of "Vapor Lounges" in the area, but Innovative Vapors is the way to go ! Not only do they have the best prices, and the best selection, but they actually have a lounge and their staff is freaking awesome. If you go anywhere else, you are fooling yourself . Can't waitto go back !!!
5	Finally a quality e-cig shop without driving everywhere. Great atmosphere reasonable prices quality product and selection.
5	My wife and I had to stop by this evening bc it turns out we got a defective ecig. The guy that helped us, David (yes?), was extremely personable and helped us quickly. We were able to walk out with a new tank for the thing.If you guys want/need to quit smoking or just find yourself wanting to smoke an ecig, this is the place to go.  Hope this place stays around.
5	Very nice place with friendly staff! Ask for Andrew if you need any help with anything. He was very knowledgeable when it comes anything vapes. He was very helpful and would love talk about vape products with anyone customer who walks through the doors. The place itself is roomy, clean, and relaxing. It's a nice place to chill and even has a pool table! The tasting bar area is pretty cool looking with a customized bar table. They have many, many flavors to choose from. My personal favorites are called milk & honey and mother's milk (sounds weird, i know). Go check them out! Don't forget to ask for Andrew!
5	One of the best Vapor Shops around by far. Gorgeous storefront and staff that is actually knowledgeable. Kevin has helped me before, and truly knows his higher-level vaping stuff. Compared to some stores that seem to employ newbie vapers, I feel like I'm in company of some real vaping veterans. Prices and selection are varied and on point too. LOTS of really great and unique flavor choices. Big ups to Innovative.
5	Went in and purchased my first e-cigarette! Kevin helped me out and told me everything I needed to know about my e-cig. I'm very pleased with my visit. I'm so excited about my e-cig! I got a pink one. :) thanks so much for teaching me the ways! I will be back!
5	I wanted to get a new mod and check out the juices as I have been trying to quit smoking for a number of years, but honestly, I just enjoy it too much.  Well since I got there first thing Saturday morning I was the only customer.  The gentleman who assisted me was awesome!  I had seen the Innokin VTR on your website, but the store in Tempe didn't have it so he called the Mesa location and had them hold it.  Needless to say after both places I had the Innokin VTR, an Aspire Nautilus, 4 juices and excellent information.  Since Saturday I have only smoked about 10 ciggs, I am a pack a day smoker... Absolutely recommend this place.  Whether you are new to e-ciggs or have been around the block, they are extremely knowledgeable and truly friendly, nothing fake here.  Excellent selection!Thank you Innovative Vapors!
5	I had recently written a bad review on this place because I had a bad experience with getting a replacement for a defective tank I bought from them.  I was dissatisfied with their response of no returns/exchanges.  I left my phone number and asked to be contacted by management.  I have since been contacted by the manager Andrew and he assured me they will be standing behind their products and will give me a replacement at no extra charge.  I no longer have the defective tank, but was told that it was ok in this specific stituation and that they wanted to make things right.  I want to thank Andrew for reaching out to me and correcting this situation.  It means a lot to know that they take pride in their products and care for their customers.  You have taken my rating from 1 star to 5.  Thanks again!
5	My husband is into vaping and I had to show him how cool this place was. I never expected this kind of place when I walked in. It is like a cigar bar, but better! Great prices, Best juice , helpful and knowledgeable employees. Best vapor lounge I've been to in AZ so far and I've been to quite a few. All their juice lines are top notch and their new line called PRESTIGE is amazing! Love the large bar area where you can relax and sample all the flavors.
5	Just recently visited this place from California. The best ambiance I've experienced in a while. Very laid back and friendly. I would definitely make a stop here again next time I'm in Tempe, Arizona.
5	Awesome. I would give 10 stars if I could. Andrew was very helpful. If I lived in AZ this would be my spot. They have a large selection of flavors and are very knowledgeable.  Thanks again guys.
5	Had to go in again today because I burned out a coil.  Didn't know that at the time but I talked to Kevin and he helped me out. These guys are great.
3	Has potential.  Me and my girlfriend went to sample some e juice..... Needless to say, they need to improve their sampling methods.  Both me and my girlfriend wore and ingested more e juice than vaped them.... I'm not the usual Yelper that SLAMS a business,  but this place has potential.  Customer service was so so. There way a young girl that seemed lost while this other guy was trying to help who he could. He seemed knowledgeable I suppose.I'll I have to say... I've been to a few Vape shops here and this might have been the most disappointing.... That's why I'll continue to order my shit online.....
5	Excellent shop. Sweet lounge-esque atmosphere. Good music, pool table, trendy design. The staff was friendly, the juice was plentiful, and they let you drip test.I needed a new o-ring for my cap and they hooked it up/put it on for me. They also hooked up some cotton (yes I know it is cheap, but not all shops would do this!) and let me use their tools to set up for my newly purchased flavors!They also supply a line of all natural flavors.10/10 would come here again for anything vape related.
1	I went here one night because the shop I usually go to (Valor Vapor, who are awesome!) closes at 8pm. I went in a little after 8 to get a new cardo. Just to start off the girl had no idea what tank or cardo I was using. Then she BROKE my tank. I was not rude or loud but I was obviously upset. She said she would call her manager to see what she could do. In front of me she said to her manager on the phone that I was "freaking out" which I was not. I found that incredibly rude. She ended up giving me a new tank that even though was bigger was half the price of my tank that she broke. And after all of that I've been using this tank for a week and I HATE it. It sprays burning juice into my mouth and is constantly leaking. Overall I left there very upset and I'm still very upset because now I have to go buy a whole new tank again. The girl was working was completely rude and incompetent. I will never go there again and I suggest nobody else does either. I would give zero stars but I don't have that option.
5	Absolutely amazing vape shop!! Great staff, friendly, helpful, and caring. If they don't know the answer they will get the answer!! Tried tons of different juices to build my flavor profile and juices range from low to hight on quality and price. Wide variety but the amount of premium juices they carry is amazing and they are cheaper than several in house juices in the area which advertise all "organic". Would highly recommend everyone to get their Vaping goodies here. Batteries, mods, tanks, coils, juices, ect... A+
