5	People often mistake PICT for community theatre - this isn't so. PICT, as the name implies performs pieces of Irish and classical theatre seasonally at the theaters of the University of Pittsburgh in the Stephen Foster Memorial (attached to the Cathedral of Learning). Productions are top notch and often sell out so Pittsburgh theatre lovers may find it worth it to buy a season pass.
5	PICT is one of the best theater companies in the Pittsburgh area.  The actors are so very talented, and the play selections are smart, thought provoking, and relatively inexpensive.  Do yourself a favor and check out a performance.  You'll definitely be back for more.
5	I hate to sound like a broken record but I have to agree with my fellow reviewers: PICT is a wonderful theater and production group! It makes me so proud to see the talent in this city whenever I attend one of their shows. I guarantee you that if you check back each season you'll find at least one show to enjoy. Every year their line-up changes and it always features an incredible variety of shows. I've seen a classics such as "Antony and Cleopatra" to the interesting (but potentially uncomfortable) "In the Next Room (or The Vibrator Play)." My outright favorite evening with PICT was during a premiere of a play named "Our Class," which was an incredibly shocking but important play about, sadly, real events: a WWII mass murder of the Jewish community living in a town in Poland. No one wanted to speak during or after that show, and the actors handled the roles and portrayal of both inhumane actions and traumatic events incredibly and impressively well. Kudos to them and all of PICT for tackling such an imposing but important project.I have plans to see at least one more if not two more PICT performances this year; not once have they disappointed me, and their contributions to the theater scene in this city are always outstanding. Thank you, PICT!
4	High production values, great plays, wonderful acting, PICT offers a lot to theater fans in Pittsburgh.  They perform at the Stephen Foster Memorial Theater on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh.  The season series is a good value.
