3	Because Im gentleman Im not going to say what I think...only ad...during the weekend car park for free.
4	Reviewing ones own workplace? I don't see why not.The campus is flush with open green spaces, lots of car parking, great views of the city and is both secluded and within easy reach of central Edinburgh. Buses are regular and frequent, and it's a short walk or cycle to the Union Canal.This is one of the three main campuses for the university and has been in its current incarnation for around eight years. The main building opens up before you like an airport departure lounge as you walk in: high walkways, an open atrium, plenty of places to work and mingle and generally do what university folk are supposed to do. Craiglockhart houses Edinburgh Napier University Business School, one of three faculties. As such the subjects studied here range from Marketing to Business Studies, Tourism to Languages, Law to Statistics and Accounting to Festival & Event Management (which is my field). Some 6,000 students are associated with the faculty I think, although around half of them never come to Scotland: they are taught in their home country (India, HK, Singapore...) and graduate with a Napier degree.The facilities are what we've come to expect from a 21st century campus: light and airy teaching rooms, extensive PC labs, catering facilities (in the cafe, restaurant and on-site Starbucks), office space, quite library areas and so on. Most teaching is either in the 28/56/100 seater classrooms, or in the two lecture theatres - one seats 400, the other 200 and is the shape of a big shiny egg.Universities have to earn their keep of course, so there are conferencing facilities on site as well, which double up as a wedding venue with its own bar. This bit of the campus is in the older wing, which was opened in 1880 and has have a varied life: hydro hotel, convent and most famously an army officers' hospital during the Great War - this is where the War Poets wrote some of the world's most famous poems on such themes.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craiglockhart_War_HospitalIn my six years with Napier they've worked to maintain and improve the facilities at each of their campuses, with Craiglockhart well suited to the education and support of its many students.
