5	I have never gotten a haircut at this location but they have the BEST Brazilian Waxer in town!!!  Courtenay Weitzel is the best!  I have been seeing Courtenay for years and she is amazing. Yes I know that Brazilians are not the most comfortable thing to get but she is very professional about her job and makes sure the experience is fun.  I luv going to Courtenay because she makes me feel comfortable and relaxed.  She makes the time pass with laughter and wonderful advice. If you ever want to try a Brazilian I highly recommend Courtenay!!!  She is an amazing woman and I am so happy to know her.  YOU ROCK!!!
3	Beauty may not last forever, but with a little maintenance, I am going to milk it for all it's worth!  I have been a customer of Tangles Salon for the last 7 years. Here is a list of some of the services I have used:Acrylic nails.... love, love, love my beautiful nails and manicurist Rhonda!Brazilian Blowout.... smooth, silky straight hair thanks to owner, BeckyColor, Cut and Highlights FacialLash TintMake upManicureMassagePedicureShampooStyleUp do WaxNow, I am sure there are a few more... but a girl has to keep some secrets...I really enjoy the atmosphere, professionalism and good vibe at Tangles. No prima donnas or drama here, everyone seems to be genuinely friendly and a pretty close knit group, not a lot of turn over.  It is a very comfortable place for both men and women to come get shampooed, styled, and polished.  My son and daughter, both teenagers now, have been Tangles customers for most of their lives. Appointments seem to be usually necessary, but I have seen a number of walk-ins accommodated also.
5	I have a new salon to love.. My daughter wanted her coiffe .. Coiffed.. And they managed to make room for her & my niece in 30 minutes notice. Very sweet .. & cute cuts for all.. In & out in less than an hour .. They carry a small amount of apparel.. Cute things.. And they carry my beloved morroccan oil.. I'm glad I have a awesome salon close by!
5	So I recently moved to Scottsdale, AZ from Saginaw, MI. Before I moved here I had never gotten a pedicure or a manicure! And man was I missing out for 24 years! I recently received my first manicure and pedicure and it was AMAZING! Not only did my toes and nails look amazing - the environment was outstanding. Michelle is not only the best nail tech - but she is hilarious! I don't think I laughed so hard in a long time. Her and Rhonda - another amazing nail tech - are so friendly and have such a great following. I couldn't believe how busy the salon was! People coming in and out of there every second! I now get my nails done weekly! I get so many compliments on them and I feel great! I will always be a Michigander at heart but now with great nails! :) thanks to Tangles!!!
5	I would highly recommend Angela Lalli to make you beautiful for any special occasion! I hired Angela to do hair for my November wedding in San Diego.  Not only did she do exactly what I wanted, she also made my entire bridal party (5 girls) and my mother look amazing.  I was extremely happy with the outcome of my hair and was truly impressed how she made each girl look unique, yet beautiful while keeping in mind their personality and style. Also she was quick!!!  I could not have been happier and will definitely hire her again in the future. Thanks Angela!
4	I have been to Tangles many times and Alicia does an awesome job with a shampoo blow dry for me.  She's a doll!
5	I have gone to Wayne my whole life, so clearly I absolutely love him! He is always accommodating when I need to change my appointment, and has after work and morning appointments, as well as Saturday appointments The salon is very well kept, always clean, always friendly people to greet you at the front. The boutique in the front is nice to look at when there is some extra time before my appointment, but it is a little pricey for my price range...But a nice selection and variety. Love all the purses that are up there.They also sell a lot of nice hair products in the front. They have that Moroccan Oil which is really popular right now for hair care. Love the place, and would recommend it to anyone who asked!
5	I have been going to Jean for manicures and pedicures for almost 6 years now! She is fabulous! Over the years, I have gone from natural nails to acrylic to gel to natural and back to gels- she does it all and does it great! Jean is always flexible with her scheduling and is always willing to do what it takes to get me in even with short notice or if I have a "nail emergency" :) I get so many compliments on my nails and my mani and pedis last for 3-4 weeks- which I love! The  atmosphere is fun and lively back in the nail area which makes it feel like a a mini gal pal get together!
4	I've been visiting Scottsdale Tangles Salon for about 15 years off and on.  It's in a convenient location (scottsdale and shea) and it is a relatively nice, trendy salon.  Mindy is my favorite for a good hair cut.  They also offer skin care services, nails, laser, etc.  Worth a try if you need a new salon.  Prices are reasonable for the area.  I pay around $50 for a hair cut.
