5	I have used LUX transportations 3-4 times already and have never had a single problem with the company. It is incredibly professional and it starts with the contact, Emily, all the way to the drive, Hans. We are medical students in Glendale so we never really have the time or effort to spend a lot of time planning our party buses, but LUX transportation makes it super easy. I just send Emily an email with our pick up time, drop off location, and number of people, and she sets it all up. The party bus has a hook up for the music and a great stereo so it's easy to party, dance, and drink on the bus. The best part is our driver will always call me 30 minutes before he is heading to pick us up and has NEVER been late. I definitely, definitely, recommend using LUX transportation for anyone looking to have a good time whether it's to go out to the clubs, a bachelor/bachelorette party, or anything else that needs punctual and professional service.
5	Recently used Lux Transportation while in town for Spring Training. They were very helpful in providing options for our logistics for the day. Friendly professional staff and great service! I would definitely recommend!
5	I have used LUX transportations 3-4 times already and have never had a single problem with the company. It is incredibly professional and it starts with the contact, Emily, all the way to the drive, Hans. We are medical students in Glendale so we never really have the time or effort to spend a lot of time planning our party buses, but LUX transportation makes it super easy. I just send Emily an email with our pick up time, drop off location, and number of people, and she sets it all up. The party bus has a hook up for the music and a great stereo so it's easy to party, dance, and drink on the bus. The best part is our driver will always call me 30 minutes before he is heading to pick us up and has NEVER been late. I definitely, definitely, recommend using LUX transportation for anyone looking to have a good time whether it's to go out to the clubs, a bachelor/bachelorette party, or anything else that needs punctual and professional service.
5	Lux Transportation is the first company I have worked with to organize a party bus from the ASU area to Old Town Scottsdale and it was the smoothest party planning experience I have ever had. The bus was clean, the driver was pleasant and accommodating, and they had very competitive pricing. I would recommend them to anyone and will be using them in the future very soon.
5	I recently used LUX transportation for a corporate event and this company is one of the nicest, most professional companies out there. Emily was so nice and the communication was excellent! The driver was courteous and professional and the bus was very clean and modern. They were able to accommodate us even though we booked last minute and it was a really busy weekend. I will definitely use them again for our next corporate event.
