5	I have to agree with the previous reviewer:  tailoring is a trade that has disappeared into oblivion.  I can't even find a good expensive one.  To list the number of bad tailors and experiences I've had would take all day.  As one of those body conscious girls, you know the ones-lots of clothes in the closet and none ever look good on- it seems I'm always needing a pin and tuck in one place or another on my clothes.  I buy a lot of expensive gear online (discounts!) and try to make it work even if it really doesn't.  Seems that the expensive stuff is always the stuff breaking as well. Thus, I need a tailor often.After moving to Pittsburgh from rural Texas, I was excited that I might actually find someone that could do something besides tack together a hole (e.g., dry cleaners).  I brought five things to this shop so far:  two pant hems, a tear in jeans (not the seam), and two dresses that were a basic "these look like crap on me and need something done to them."  She could fix them all!  And the grand total was $60.  She is CASH ONLY and the hours are kind of odd (it's a one woman gig), but she is very accommodating.  She took a deposit of whatever cash I had on me and I can pay the rest when I pick up.  I gave no rush on the order and it's a 6 day turn around.  She told me she is there from about 12-5 M-F.  It's in room 1212 of the Investment Building downtown.  I was able to grab a street spot a few blocks away for parking, no problem.Highly personable, said that her mom is still her teacher-after 20 years of doing this, it's cheap, small and customer oriented.  I once walked into what I swear was a sweat shop with women sitting at 12 desks sewing.  That was a turn off.  This is nothing like that, it's a work room with someone that specializes in the trade and wants to please customers.  I will return!
5	I picked up my garments and I have to update my pleased factor!  As the avid online shopper, I often decide to keep items that are already in my house (thanks UPS) but might not fit quite right in hopes that I will at least wear it once.  This has turned into a collection of frumpy, often young-looking, ill-fitting high end expensive clothes that are not worn.  I took two of these dresses to R&R thinking they were really just beyond fixing.  All over blah.  Well, one that I thought looked like a little girl's dress is now business casual, fitted, and killer!  The other is certainly wearable to any casual event.  Both turned out fantastic and most of all, wearable in public!  The fits were odd and too long, too big in strange places.  I am very pleased with Lulu's reworking of them items.  In addition, my hemmed pants and denim rip repair are excellent.The work is miles beyond 'dry cleaner alterations' and she is extremely personable, cheap, and willing to work with you on pick up, drop off and time frames.  Cheers!
5	I realized today that everyone should have a good tailor!  That realization came about from a trip to the lovely LuLu....I had an adorable vintage dress I had bought in Chicago last summer that was too large in all the wrong places and I kept putting off getting fixed.  I had a seamstress friend look at it and she was even stumped by the darts on the chest and how to exactly go about fixing it.  LuLu had be try the dress on and did a few simple markings and I was on my way.  She even encouraged me to make it a bit shorter, which I was on the fence about, but ultimately decided to do once she pinned it up.  I think a day or two later (after she had told me a week) she called to tell me it was done.  Let me tell you, the woman knows her way around a seam!  She worked her magic on that dress so that if fit be like a glove... it as beautiful!  I looked closer and could tell that she completely took apart the bodice to remake it so it fit me in the chest.  But she still kept the look of the dress so that the change was slight and still fit the style.  Now I'm mentally going through my closet thinking of all the things I'm excited to have her custom fit for me!  And of course, visit LuLu again, because she's so so sweet!NOTE: CASH ONLY!
5	Honestly, Lulu is amazing.  I'm never taking anything anywhere else to get altered!I have to admit I was a tad nervous when I put my bridesmaid dress on and she just pinched the bust, waist and hips and took measurements sans ruler and said, "okay I'll text you when it's ready."  One, how can someone measure with their index finger and thumb and two, did she say text?  Did she mean email?!The dress was completed in 3 business days, although I'm sure she works on Sunday (because she did text me to tell me so) and it fits like a glove!  It was cheap too!  Only $35 to take the bust, waist and hips in a few inches each.  She said "don't worry about trying it on here.  I think it will be perfect."  Gotta love someone that takes that much pride in their work!
5	I needed a sweater rewoven and Lulu did an awesome job.  She was apologetic about being backed up wtih work, but I wasn't in a hurry. Pricing is very reasonable and she is very competent with her work.  I would highly recommend this business.
5	I brought Lulu a vintage dress with an uneven hem that needed to be repaired and shortened.  She patiently, painstakingly pinned and repinned the hem until we both agreed it was even and an appropriate length.  Because she had other customers waiting, I was a bit embarrassed by how long my turn was taking; however Lulu treated me like I was the only person she had to see that day.  This is how she seems to treat all of her customers.  And the finished alterations were perfect!Lulu also shortened the sleeves on a heavy wool coat for my husband.  Her alterations are indistinguishable from the original seams.  I will confidently take my best clothing to Lulu for repairs and alterations; her professionalism and skill are unmatched in my experience.  Her prices are reasonable--a bargain if you're considering the expert work you're getting.  Plus, she is an absolutely delightful person:  kind, sincere--the sort who can make your day even if you're just around her for a minute or two.  Cash only and 50% due at drop-off.  There's an ATM half a block away if you forget!
5	we were here last Nov.2011 for my bestfriend's wedding in Omni Hotel. we needed some alteration for one of the bridemaid's gown and Ms. Lou was so accommodating to our needs. it was a rush request/work and she did a great job!! thank you so much!!
5	I can't even begin to describe how happy I am with the service I just received. I'm leaving tomorrow for a trip to San Fran and need a suit for a special dinner. I'm a thin guy, so it's really difficult finding a suit that fits me. I brought the suit here (thanks for many positive reviews from Yelp) to have it fit me better. It was just too big. I was aware going in that they weren't going to make it fit exactly perfect and they surely exceeded my expectations.When I showed up on Friday, the two women (mother and daughter) were so kind and warm. They got right to making the marks in which they were going to fix and made me feel so welcome. I wanted the suit back by Tuesday (now that I think of it that was very unrealistic considering it's prom season) and they weren't sure if they could do it. When I explained my situation, they agreed and fit me in. I was so happy! They were my lifeline to not having a baggy suit to this fancy dinner. When I went to pick up it today, it wasn't even touched and wasn't ready. The daughter was so sorry that it made me feel bad! She then went and started working on it right then and there. I couldn't believe it! THIS is customer service, people! Within an hour (enough time for me to grab lunch and fill up my tank) my suit was done and better than I expected. She even patched up a little hole for me! She also mentioned that her machine broke right in the middle so she had to finish by hand. Is it the perfect suit for my body, no. However, she truly made the most of what it could be and for that I'm thankful. I've never had such great interaction with a business before, from the small talk we shared to the service they provided. I will recommend this place to ANYBODY and will use them in the future. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
5	I needed a last minute alteration to a bridesmaid dress and she did an amazing job! She was able to squeeze me in a few days before the wedding and greatly improved the fit of my dress! She was friendly and very skilled. I don't have much experience with tailors in the past, but I will definitely be coming back here next time I need something fixed!
5	Lulu's shop is a gem. My husband recently lost weight and so his favorite suit jacket became a bit loose. Understandably, He didn't want to part with it as it was an expensive brand. I heard about Lulu and her shop while I was on a visit in Pittsburgh. A friend raved about her service so I thought I would give it a try. Her shop is conveniently located in downtown Pittsburgh. I was greeted by a lovely lady called Dolly. After that I met Lulu and she was so nice and understood what I needed done right away. After only a few days, I got my husband's suit back. I was amazed. It became slim fit and looked modern and new. My husband was so happy and so was I. The work was impeccable and the service was topnotch. Since then, I've returned with my husband's other suits, pants and jackets.
5	We were in pursuit of a simple pant leg alteration.  Lulu is super sweet and clearly highly in demand (especially for re weaving and re knitting items).  It appears she does most of reweaving and her mom helps out with more simple alterations and such.  Pants were hemmed well and it was good work.  We have already gone back with another clothing repair.  I would fully trust Lulu and her shop with any alteration we would need in the future.  She is located on the 5the floor of the Investment Building.
5	The ladies here are very sweet and talented. We had 2 bridal gowns that needed a bustle and minor alterations. The prices are very reasonable, the dresses came back perfect,  and the length in time getting them back was very fast. Is recommend this shop for any and all alterations.
