5	Awesome place!! I love the fact that they played the doors during the performance!! I would recommend getting here earlier than you would normally expect for a Vegas bar because the seats full up quick! We had a friend get here at about 9 on a Wednesday during SEMA and he saved us some seats near the piano.
5	I've been here several times in last 2 years and especially last 10 months because I love, love LOVE the band! Dana is the singer at Zebra but not sure of band name because they never advertise.  My husband and I stay at Palazzo and come down every night to hear him sing. Amazing talent... They should be a headline entertainment act! Drinks are high priced... Sometimes service a bit slow when I've girl is working. But we love it! Will keep coming back!
2	On the positive side - the 2-man cover band was really good, diverse and a lot of fun. On the less-than-positive side - our waitress seemed to be slammed with too many tables (which really slowed down service/drink speed). The worst part was a very creepy older gentleman (who we were told is a regular) who would try to dance or kiss everyone near him. He drunkenly bought our table a round of drinks (very awkward). He then tried kissing our waitresses as he signed the tab. Beyond uncomfortable, our waitress told us that the only reason they don't kick him out is because he's nice to one of the other servers. Creepy guy aside, it looked to have the potential of a fun place. Drink prices were on par for most bars in Vegas ($$$). I'd go back to hear the band (from afar).
4	The awesome duo that was performing got our attention. We had an hour to burn before a show so alcohol + good live music made absolute sense. We had a round of free drinks because of our show tickets.We claimed our drinks at the bar. Chilled there for a bit while I was watching the playoffs. After finishing our first round, we moved to a table right in front of the stage...just so I could fall asleep! I hope I wasn't snoring. I couldn't even remember the name of the performers and what they were playing but I'm pretty sure it happened. All that matters is that the people I was with who stayed awake enjoyed the music and had a good time.
5	We were happy to relax after winning nearly $2500 at craps and called it quits to drink and party!  Great band we heard at Zebra Lounge for the 2nd time in the last year! They were extremely talented, good looking and what you would expect from Las Vegas talent. SInger was funny, good jokes and interesting bantering... they are from Florida although guitarist is from another country I think. They were too good for a lounge act. Drinks were pricey, staff was friendly. We will be back this fall! Hope the band will be there! We're going back to catch Panda next time!
1	Horrible drink prices. $18 mojito(weak) and $4 soda. Watch out for the "entertainment tax"($4.44) This a glorified casino bar charging nightclub prices.
3	Stopped in for a drink after a long drive, and found Zebra Lounge to be just what the doctor ordered.  We got there right when they opened, so seating was immediate.  We had a very nice server who brought us a menu right away.  I decided to get a Relaxberry, which was a sweet martini type drink.  It was very good, very refreshing.  My husband ordered a Caipirinha, which he enjoyed as well.We were also given a couple of dishes of snack mix and popcorn, which we devoured.  It was a great little afternoon pick me up.Decor was very nice, pretty light fixtures.  I imagine this place gets really hopping later on in the evening.  Unfortunately we'll never know as we were on vacation and most likely will never go back to this bar.  But if you find yourself in the Palazzo with some time to kill, I recommend this to you wholeheartedly.
4	Full bar, live band, and a dance floor.  Right off the casino floor at the Palazzo. A great place to unwind. Not quiet at all, but a fun spot. Overall 4 out of 5 stars.
4	Full bar, live band, and a dance floor.  Right off the casino floor at the Palazzo. A great place to unwind. Not quiet at all, but a fun spot. Closed during the day but comes alive iat night.Usually plays 80s music.Overall 4 out of 5 stars. ..
