5	First word that came out of my mouth was "Wow!"  This place is way bigger and prettier than the one by Best of the West.  We go to their other location only on special occasions since it is such a trek for us coming from the south side.  They have a Barber's Salon, facial room, etc.  They also have a beverage bar.  Their service, just like the one in the north side is top notch.  This is a place where ANY guy who likes pampering at a reasonable cost is welcome.  Where else can you get a grooming experience rather than  a plain old haircut?  They do a facial massage, shampoo your hair, and a hot towel wrap.  Another service that comes with a grooming is the all important paraffin wax hand treatment.  After you take the wax off, your hands are so silky smooth!  All in all, if you like a more complete grooming experience, American Male is right up your alley.
5	Wow, I've never felt so pampered! The moment I walked in I was overwhelmed by how well I was taken care of. They had video games (Street Fighter, my favorite) to play while I waited for my turn. They offered me a beverage as well. My stylist was very accommodating. She did exactly what I asked for in my cut. I got my hands dipped in paraffin wax and got the hot towel treatment on my face. The scalp massage was out of this world.  This was absolutely the best salon experience I have ever had. Who said pampering was just for the ladies.
1	I have used this salon 3 times and at the end of the third visit I went up to the counter to pay and was told the amount had doubled. As it was explained to me in the past, by the owner no less, was that your first visit was free, and if you booked your next visit in advance, it would be 50% off. So that's what I did! I kept booking my appointments in advance.But at my third visit, I was told that it would only be your second visit that would be 50% off. This is the complete opposite of what the owner told me.I will say that the service they provide are great, and I have no complains with the stylists, but I will not go back because I felt cheated and swindled out of my money.
5	I had a groupon for this place and had to use it before it expired. My jaw literally dropped when I set foot at this establishment. This place is an oasis in this desert. It was very clean and the staff was very cordial and they showed me around the place. They even have this arcade that played the classic 80's games! Kim was my stylist and she was great! In addition to my great cut; my hands were treated with a soaking in paraffin wax and had a scalp massage and facial. I'll definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting a great cut or an overall pampering. Thanks Kim and the American Male staff!
5	I just left about an hour ago and got to say I was thoroughly impressed. The decor and mood of the place is upscale and laid back. They gave me a quick tour as they asked if it was my first time. They have touch screen computers, a MAME (old school arcade games) a nice little lounge area and even offered me a complimentary drink which included beer as a selection. I was kind of sold on this place by that fact alone but it got better still. I had a groupon for a discount on the Quality Grooming Experience this included a * Haircut * Paraffin Hand Dip * Shampoo * Conditioning Treatment * Mini Facial * Hot Towel * Scalp Massage * Re-shampoo * Styling Along with this I got to choose a free wax job on my nose, ears or eyebrows. I went for the brows. My stylist was Chelsea, and she was great, she made nice small talk, and even worked like a trooper through a bit of back pain i could see was bothering her. She did a fantastic job on the cut, brow waxing, scalp massage and facial. First time I ever had anything waxed, was a bit worried brows would look girly, but she did a great job of just cleaning them up.So not only all this, I was also in and out quickly otherwise. So it was really a nice way to get away from the office for a little relaxation and pampering during my lunch break. I would definitely go back again.
5	Just had my haircut at the south location, and had a great experience. Salon is very clean and the hip , sporty but classy setting is pleasing. Did not use the barber service but is a definite plus. Would recommend an appointment. oh did i mention good looking gals?
5	All I can say is WOW. Never been so pampered before in my life. Atmosphere is amazing and the staff as friendly as can be. Even if you have your own barber, you must try this out. You will not be disappointed !!!
1	Do NOT be fooled by this place. $39 is outrageous if you're just looking for a good old-fashioned haircut. If you want a haircut by a salon trained "stylist" then you might as well go to GreatClips or SuperCuts. You'll save a lot of money and will get the same result.
1	Your experience will likely be something like this: you're drawn in as a  response to some sweet offer; you're impressed by the physical space; mildly peeved by their process of collecting your personal information to add you to their database;  you're told some excuse for why the offer doesn't work today, like the shave barber isn't working today; you're willing to give it a whirl anyway; impressed by the stylist and treatments; willing to pay a fair price and consider this a place to return; you will be targeted by slimy swindling tactics when the time comes to pay.  Be wary!  I interpret my experience thus: they have a good concept and a lot invested.  Business is slow and they recognize that many of their clients are out of town'ers; not repeat candidates.  Their 'stay afloat' tactic is to milk every last buck out of the client while he's on the premise, even if it means compromising the experience.  I definitely will not return, even though it was a decent haircut.  Too slippery for my taste.
4	As the other reviews have stated, you will never feel so pampered getting a haircut - what they call the "Grooming Experience". At $40, it's definitely pricy to get this regularly but all the little add-ons (parafin hand wax, scalp/face massage, hot towel) justify getting this every once in a while. They do a really good job and all the stylists are really good conversationalists. After my Grooming Experience, I also got the Executive Facial and it was outstanding! Really good price for what you get and you leave with your face feeling fantastically fresh (lots of F's, I know). I plan to come here more regularly for my facial treatments.
5	Best haircut experience ever!  I will be a monthly customer and recommend all of my friends.
5	Yelpers convinced me to go check out American Male for a little trim.This place was great.  A little pricey, but for the service received and the congeniality of the staff, I'll definitely be a regular.  Although, when in a rush or on the budget, I may revert to something quick and cheap, but to really have a great haircut and relax on my lunch break, this is definitely the spot.A few other places in town offer the basic scalp massage and hot towel on the face.  American Male goes to the next level.  The nice lotion and face & neck massage after the 2nd hair rinse, the paraffin wax hand dipping, professional styling after the haircut with useful tips, and a spritz of cologne.  Just nice touches.Like any salon, I did get hit up with the sales pitch on products, but they were products that I purchase anyway.  I didn't feel pressured to buy them.  Just a recommendation.
5	Everyone here is the shit!! (great) From the haircut to unlimited amount of services. I love these ladies, true stylists with up-to-date styles. Plus it's the only location in Vegas offering Germanie Facials.
5	My wife bought me a groupon for this place an it was Amazing !!!!!! Great staff all around... As soon as get there, they give you the grand tour and explain everything they you get* Haircut * Paraffin Hand Dip * Shampoo * Conditioning Treatment * Mini Facial * Hot Towel * Scalp Massage * Re-shampoo * Styling Well worth the price I have already rebooked for next month
4	Went here once. They book by appointment only. You can get a beer or soda while waiting and watching TV. My stylist was good. Forgot her name. They dipped my hand in this wax stuff that made my hands really soft. Too foofoo for me but oh well. I paid for it.
5	Loved it!!!
5	Great place/experience. Wasn't too sure which stylist I would like best so I spoke to the owner Rod.  He asked me quite a few questions and next thing I had an appt with Kim. She was great and so was her cut. It was the perfect amount of pampering without being there too long. Of course you could stick around if u wish and play arcades/surf the web/ or take on any of the facial/wax/shave services if u wish. Highly recommend this place and highly recommend Kim!!
5	Whenever I come in Kaci or Tina greets me with a big smile and asks me if I want a beer. They make me feel welcome and consistently make sure I'm doing well during my short wait for my stylist. I come here once a month and work with Roni. Yeah it's great that she's pretty and great to look at but I go to her because she's a damn good stylist and is extremely consistent in her work. (that's why she's so busy!)Although, I had a cousin who came in town that worked with Grethel. He lives in Beverly Hills and goes to some expensive place there. He said that he received a better cut from her, than he's received from any stylist in LA. This place isn't just about cutting hair, it's really about the experience. They make you feel welcome, give you beer, and make you feel like you've been going there  for years. American Male is awesome. You spend enough money on your girl! Pay a little bit more and experience this at least once. You won't regret it.
5	I go to Roni for all my waxing needs...back, chest, brazilian.  Roni takes her job seriously....she is very meticulous and will get every last stray hair and carefully searchs for any ingrown hairs.  She is always talking and laughing all the time and you can tell she loves her job...this is why she stays booked all the time.  Remember to shower and smell nice before your waxing session and tip well...she appreciates it.
1	Normally have a great experience. Last time I came in, my entire experience only lasted 25 minutes!!!! How could anyone expect to have all of the following treatments completed in 25 minutes:* Haircut * Paraffin Hand Dip * Shampoo * Conditioning Treatment * Mini Facial * Hot Towel * Scalp Massage * Re-shampoo * Styling And while I was getting my cut, the girls were complaining it was so busy because the front desk was booking people every 30 minutes. After dropping $60 and walking out with an uneven cut, I dont think I will be returning back here again. I think the Haircut portion of my appointment only 10 minutes! How can anyone expect to get a decent haircut in 10 minutes. they spent more time doing the foo foo pampering stuff
4	Buzz cut for $20 with the other services is good value.  Kim and the other staff I encountered on my first visit to this location were very nice.  I booked for my next visit and will continue as long as I get consistent haricuts.  I have become disenchanted with most barbershops in the area see my John Marios review.  I maintain the best value is American Male or Elliott & Co...if you can spend a few dollars more or stretch out your visits.
4	I decided to give this place a try with a half price coupon I had in my Entertainment coupon book. My overall experience was very good. I was offered a complimentary beer when I arrived and had to wait almost no time for my turn. My stylist was friendly and talkative. Also, my haircut turned out great. Furthermore, I got some kind of mini facial, hand dip, and scalp massage which were all very nice.My only complaint was that I felt like I was at a sales presentation. With everything that she used she explained the benefits, the brand, and the price. I know that these places rely heavily on product sales, but I felt this was a over the top. My haircut was $20 with coupon which I felt was a fair price. However, I probably wouldn't spend $40 (normal price) for the same thing.
5	This place is great.  Christy gave me the royal treatment and my hair cut got lots of positive attention.  The facial massage left me so relaxed I almost fell asleep. Highly recommend.  One caveat. I wouldn't give them an email or phone number. Within hours of leaving I had three emails. Next day a text. I don't like spam.  Everything else was perfect.
1	I've downgraded this company significantly for a simple reason. They call me or email me constantly despite asking them not to. When I told them that I didn't want spam, their answer was to bug me by calling my cell phone. It's a good service and I would go back if I could go anonymously but you should not give them ANY contact info. If you do, expect lots and lots and lots of contact.I downgraded them again due to the defensive nature of the manager Rod and him essentially attacking me because I don't want to be contacted.I am not frustrated Rod. I am spending my money at your competitor's place of business and happy as a lark. But I can see why you're frustrated. You're more concerned about your process than my business.
5	Oh, this one is SO much better than the North location. Angela (who I used to visit at the other location) is down here, now, and she does wonderful things for my hair. (Hey, part of me has to be attractive; it may as well be the hair, since the rest requires effort.) She takes her time, and does a great job. I would remark that they book people too close together, so the stylists sometimes get rushed. That's an issue with management, though, and not of the stylists. They're awesome.
5	I really like this place.  I've always preffered going to places that are a little more upscale then "fantastic sams" or "great clips"... basic 12 hair cuts, but i never knew where to go.  The only way was that I'd have some sort of Chick salon and feel REALLY out of my element.Enter American Male.  40 bucks you get your cut shampoo, They do a hand wax thing, a hot towel and a head rub.  All fits within 30 mins.  I love it.  And to top it off they offer me a beer everytime when i walk in to check in.  Its the small things but i love it.
5	Great service!  Friendly, relaxing, and fun!
1	NOT WORTH IT.  Crooked haircut, uneven brows and a nonexistent beard trim (fully charged though!).  Do Not Go.   Been to plenty of other hair salons that offer a beer...that's the only thing they had right.  No attention to detail at top salon prices.  Will not be back; Recommend  you go elsewhere.....even with the groupon.
1	I went to American Male after experience Sports Clips and their incompetent cutters. I usually use Weldon Barber in the Seattle area so I am used to their standard and quality stylists.The website is horrible and out of date. I sent two email inquiries to have no response from them, so I went in person. I need to ensure their stylists are actually skilled with clippers and not just lazy with them.The place sure was nice with granite counter tops, massage chairs, wifi, touch screen computes and all the other glitz, but sorry I want a stylist clipper and scissor  cut and don't want beer or messages or neck shaves or wifi, yet I still have to pay $42 for this? At Weldon, I could get a time saver version (skip all the spa extra stuff) and pay only $32. I got the owner and manager names and walked out. I will contact them. This is missed business. Considering the place was a morgue except for the receptionist, I gotta wonder if the owner will take this review to heart and work on that business model/pricing model.
1	I walked in with a noon appointment. The receptionist rudely asked if I can come back later. "Like what time were you thinking?" I asked. She said "oh...a half hour or an hour". Being on my lunch hour I asked which one. A half hour and a whole hour makes a big difference. She told me 30 mins would be good. I grabbed a quick bite and went back. This time there was no one at the front desk. I stood there for 5 full minutes and finally I had to walk around to look for an employee. I found two workers and both were cutting hair. I announced my presence and one rudely told me they were not ready for me and I should just wait until I'm called. She didn't even look up from what she was doing.  This pissed me off and I left. A total wasted trip going to this place.Oh, and placing male stereotyped crap like cheap sporting items and macho movie posters doesn't make me want to come here anymore than any other place.  I'm really only interested in fast friendly service and a good haircut. This place sucks.
4	I'm usually not particular as to where I get my haircut, only who cuts it. I was pressed for time and the week had not allowed me to get my haircut with my normal stylist. I decided to call and see if they could see me on short notice; sure enough they did. Crystal was my stylist, was very personable and made my experience memorable. I enjoyed the 30 minutes, haircut, shampoo, paraffin hand dip, facial, and styling.Price and staff are totally worth it, I enjoyed so much, I'm going back in a few weeks.Best part of it is, the upkeep (trimming of the side burns and back of neck; not styling).Give this place a try.
5	Best haircut I've ever experienced.  For $42, the experience was amazing.  First off, while I was waiting I was offered a beverage--I chose a beer, which they handed me to open and was complimentary.  Nice start!My stylist was awesome--she was a pro at cutting hair, and mine is difficult with weird cowlicks and she spent time really getting it right.  So the clippers are first, followed by a shampoo, then back to the chair for scissor cut, then back to the sink for shampoo and conditioner, along with a hot towel and facial massage.  That was heavenly.  Also included was a hot paraffin wax dip for your hands which was a great touch as well.  Back to the chair and finished off with a straight razor shave of the neck.  It was worth the money all the way and would definitely go back again while out visiting my friend next time.  I wish they had one here!
3	American Male is a standard signature male salon.   I am relatively particular about...well...everything.  The cut and service were satisfactory.  The salon aesthetic is decent, not outlandish or glamorous - masculine, but kind of reminds me of a suburban kitchen.  My stylist, whose name I do not remember, was friendly but not engaging, which may be a good fit for individuals who do not like to chat during their appointments.  $42 for the services was a fair price, although my appointment lasted no longer than 30 minutes - which is about half the time I usually spend in the "chair."  It seems that American Male encourages the stylists to push product during their appointments, which is standard at low-calibur salons.  I have a particular disdain for this, especially when the products being pushed are American Crew.Overall, I would recommend this salon to a suburban dad or high school football player, but not for the GQ or image-conscious male.
5	This place is amazing. Great service, friendly staff, and the services are fairly priced. It's worth it to treat yourself.
5	If you are a man, listen up. Forget your old-style barbershops, forget cut-rate discount pump-and-dump mall haircuts. Here are the reasons why you should, as a man, choose American Male as your regularly-scheduled grooming experience:) Two locations, one on South Rainbow, one on North Rainbow.) Any grooming challenges you need to overcome, they do it. Lets just start with a basic haircut that includes a facial and scalp massage and head shampoo x2, nose wax, ear wax, facial hair trim, paraffin wax hand treatments for your calluses, and that's just the beginning. This is the "flea flicker play for men's grooming" kind of place.) free bottle of beer, Soda, or coffee as you check in.) this massage chair that is the Godzilla of massage chairs.) loyalty program and referral bonuses) beautiful people to pamper you :) (it's not exactly over the top and it doesn't have to be creepy  but don't think I'm completely blind to the charisma).This is a man's salon experience.
5	I think this is a great place for guys to get their hair cut. It's a relaxed atmosphere and the people are very friendly. Melanie does an excellent job, and is great at listening to and delivering what you want. She has fixed my hair a number of times!
1	Ripped-off. This is what happened. I was 10 minutes late for my appointment, but when I got there the receptionist informed me of all the services that were included in the haircut. I also mentioned that I wanted some other services and she told me she didn't think they could do them today because they were booked up. Understandable. They then had me take the time to fill out a form and then had me sit down to wait for a few minutes before coming to get me for my haircut. Then the hairdresser starts to cut my hair and once she was well into my haircut decides to tell me that since I was late (in a nice way) that I wouldn't be getting the additional services that are INCLUDED in the what I was paying for. She said I could get those services later if I came back for the free clean up. Now I understand I was late but she should have told me this before starting to cut my hair so I can decide if I want to go forward without the services or reschedule. She could've at least had the decency to wash the cut hair out of my head, being that I went during my work hours in a full suit. Nope all she did was Rush me off so she can get to her next client who was waiting. The service probably only lasted 10 minutes since I only got my sides cut and not the top, which means that if you include the 10 minutes I was late and the few minutes they had me waste filling out their form and sitting in the waiting area, she had booked someone about 20 minutes after me. Hardly seems like a enough time for a decent haircut that's supposed to include additional services like wash before and after, scalp massage, among others. I went to this place to get good service and enjoy a relaxing time and all i got was half a haircut for a whopping $42 dollars and a feeling of being rushed. Rip-off. I didn't say anything about the bad service because I was actually in disbelief that it was happening. Oh and do you think they bothered to ask if I wanted to schedule the other services I initially asked for? Nope. Not going back.
1	Very rude and the girl that did my hair cut gave me the feeling like she had better thing to do. I will not be back
