5	This really is what it's all about. Frendly service, great prices, and great location. Right?The managers of this place are a really sweet married couple running it together. They are so kind and happy to be doing what they do and excited to help you out however they can. I've never needed to rent a storage unit before but I can say that they have set the bar here for sure. They gave me a great deal, $70 off my first three months, and you even get a free lock with your storage unit purchase. On top of all that, I love this location particularly because it's out of the city. It's nice to drive away from the traffic and to this building right on the edge of town. I highly reccoment this to anyone that needs any kind of storage or moving help at all. This couple is wonderful and their prices and service is fantastic!
5	I am moving from San Jose Ca to Charleston SC. After many complications in San Jose at UHaul, 4 hours and a broken tow dolly I arrived in Las Vegas with a dented personal vehicle. This location at Oso Blanca was a saving grace! The manager, Victoria Booth was very knowledgeable and helpful. She was kind and understanding. She not only thought about our needs at her facility, but she also took steps to make sure we would not run into issues at our final destination. I 100% recommend this location even if it is a little out if the way.
3	I rented a storage unit here when it used to be called storage 1. I was paying $80 a month for my storage unit. Then when u Haul bought the place my storage unit fee was changed to 150. They did make the place look nicer and more organized but almost double my storage fee was ridiculous.Next I rented a u-haul truck from this place to move my things out of storage and the truck was supposed to be $29.99 then I also had to pay for mileage which is common so when I rented it I was told that he was somewhere around 80 with what I was going to be driving. However when I returned the truck the next day I was charged over a $150. There was a hidden charge for rental of over 60 that I was never told about or never saw any of the paperwork prior to renting a truck. Why have $29.99 on the side of a truck if its really $29.99 plus a $60 in charge then Plus mileage.This is a complaint about u Haul overall not just this storage unit however there's no place to leave feedback for U Haul so I had to leave it for the place that rented the truck at. I think it's completely false advertising to have small prices on the side of the truck if you're just going to have a hidden fee of $60 on top of that there's no such thing then as in $19.99 truck fee It would be a minimum of $79.99 plus your mileage.
