3	Ah, Taco Bell.  This location is the closest to our house, yet for some reason it's probably the one we get to the least frequently.  They are also one of the nicer locations around, because it was built from the ground up.Rather than the old-style mission look, it's a rectangular building, with a modern look on the inside.  It's actually a nice place.  The staff has always been friendly, and service is usually quick as well.  They even have some high stools around some tables that make for convenient quick meals, rather than the typical fast-food style seating.  It's nice and appealing.Sweet Tea Report: What really sets this location apart is their sweet tea.  I don't know what it is, but this Taco Bell may have some of the best sweet tea out of any restaurant in Charlotte.  Definitely any fast food restaurant, but maybe any restaurant at all.  It's that good.  Unfortunately, you have to hit it right because depending on who makes it, the tea can be good or it can be bad.  Best of luck.I know, all you haters of Taco Bell are crying about the chicken places that have good sweet tea, but trust me on this one.  Taco Bell - or at least this taco bell - has some dang good sweet tea.  Farmer's BBQ has some good Peach Sweeet Tea, but for regular old sweet tea, I'd put this stuff up against just about anyone (if you get a good batch).And yes, I reviewed Taco Bell for #550.  How lame is that?
4	I'm a definite fan of this Taco Bell, in fact... I secretly drive past one Taco Bell to go to this one.  I don't know if it is the newness of the building or the shopping complex it is in, but I've always had good experiences at this Taco Bell as opposed to the one closer to my house.  Everything is kept really clean and the inside is really modern.My one complaint is that in their attempt to make the interior "modern" the front register ended up with a curved metal railing that makes forming a line a bit confusing.  Not that there is ever a huge line here (which is also a plus), but it makes for a free for all if you happen to arrive at the same time as someone else.
1	Gross how can anyone serve food from a pig pen! I would not feed my dogs from this nasty so called restaurant!  With employees acting like it was high school running all over the manager! This place is a health hazard with the back having food everywhere! Amd mike the guy on the register giving food away to his friends making paying customers feel like he was doing us a favor for taking my order!!
