5	I have had Maid Pro cleaning my house for 4-5 years now.  Quite simply, they do a FANTASTIC job.  I have a lot of antiques and expensive figurines, etc.  They are very meticulous in their efforts.  They are always flexible on changing a cleaning day/time when it is necessary.   I feel 100% comfortable having them in my home which says a lot because my house and its contents are very treasured by me.  I highly recommend Maid Pro!!!!  Lisa
1	The maids are terrible. They can't clean anything. don't waste your money.
3	This was our first time using MaidPro. We suggested a crew of three for our house and two workers (Esmeralda and Blanca) arrived for the "deep cleaning" service of our 3500 sq. ft. house.  The two ladies got right to work and after about three and a half hours their supervisor (Carmen) arrived to check the work already completed and she brought another worker (Luisa) to help finish the cleaning.  I think the supervisor helped clean as well (I was impressed by that) and they were all exiting the front door 4-1/2 hours after arriving.  Since we're trying to find a service to use going forward we planted a few things around the house to test the thoroughness of the cleaners.  One was a 2" x 3" piece of toilet paper along the wall behind the waste basket in a bathroom, another was a razor in the waste basket of the same bathroom, and the last was a small leaf approximately 3 inches away from the coffee table in the living room.  The toilet paper and the leaf were still there after the cleaners left the house.  I would rate this day's service as "OK" for the reasons noted above (missed areas of floor being swept, mopped, and vacuumed) and also because the tile floors in the main area of the house (entry, dining, and kitchen) were really streaked after they dried; most likely caused by not replacing the rinse water in the bucket frequently enough.  The other tile floors in the house that were cleaned before the main area of the house (the bathrooms and the master closet) didn't dry looking streaked at all.   The extra touches were very much appreciated.  The ladies made the tissue in our tissue boxes look like flowering petals and the towels, toilet paper rolls, and paper towel rolls were all tucked and folded expertly.Overall, I think the workers did OK and if there is a next time, I'd like to see the mop water changed more frequently so the floors don't look streaked when dry.
