4	This was the only place that I could find to get my emissions tested before 8am (they open at 7:30) that was within close proximity to the airport - had to take care of it before catching a 9:45am flight.  Jose was very nice and accomodating, even parking my car near the exit so I could make a quick getaway!  It was $30 but it was money well spent to get it taken care of so I didn't have to deal with late fees and whatnot upon my return to Vegas.The only area to improve on would be to have the emissions testing machine turned on at the start of business - or even better, be ready to use at the start of business.  The machine wasn't on when I arrived and it took about 15-20 min to warm up and calibrate, so I wasn't out of there as quickly as I'd hoped, but still made it to the airport in plenty of time - luckily not many people traveling on Monday morning!
1	would give negative stars.towed my car here from another incompetent mechanic. took them 2 months to even touch my car. parts were missing/broken. car still not running in fact is in worse condition than it was before. BEWARE OF THIS PLACE. BUNCH OF LIARS.  this situation started at Daves Automotive. check out my review of them for the entire story.
5	These guys are amazing! While I was driving in all the construction on Sahara Ave, part of my front bumper came loose and started to grind against my tire. I turned into their parking lot and it was looking like I was going to be stranded. NOPE! The guys truly were angels and just tighten the bumper up in the right places and had me on my way in no time at all. I would make my way back to this service station any time I ever had a problem. Thanks again guys!!
4	I have a 1984 Volkswagen Vanagon Wesfalia camper.  Due to its age, "niche" character, high mileage and mechanical complexity, this is not the kind of vehicle I can take to just any shop, even if they have a good mechanic.  It takes specialized experience and diagnostic abilities to service this camper correctly.  Over a number of years, Jose Meyers, Russ, Cathy and the rest of the knowledgable and caring staff at Meyers Service Center have taken great care of my camper and me.  On the couple of occasions where there were complications or issues after the repair, they were very gracious about resolving them quickly.  Before I discovered Jose's shop, I had a lot of major mechanical problems with my camper from mechanics that did not know how to properly service this unique vehicle, and I could not depend on the camper for the long road trips it is ideal for.  I've stuck with Meyer's Service Center because they really know what they are doing.  They are not the cheapest, fastest, or even the most convenient shop to me (I live half an hour away from the shop in Summerlin).  But I think they are the only way to go for me and anyone else with an older European import that needs the expertise and TLC Meyer's Service Center has to offer.
5	Always honest and fair. They go over all the repairs with you before and after so you can see the issue and work once it's completed. Also, they specialize in vintage Volkswagens so bring in your classic bug or Van for a tuneup!
