4	This is a great restaurant near me, and I am sure it will be a part of the heavy rotation.  House-made pasta at reasonable prices.  The seafood pasta was excellent, the cannelloni was simple but good.  I can't say I loved the dessert options, but the figue tarte tatin was very creative.  Good atmosphere, excellent service and reasonably priced -- came out to $80 for two including drinks.
3	I had the linguine in cream sauce with spinach, pine nuts and green apples. Like in the movies where an exotic Italian man swoops in and woos a lady from her relatively mundane and boring boyfriend, this dish emasculated me and my manlihood as I wasn't able to finish it like a real man should. However, in my defense, I was given a whole cannelloni and I finished that, so, volume-wise, I did manage to eat the same amount... self-esteem crisis AVERTED. In other news, the apples added a nice crunch to the noodles with a hint of sweet and tart flavor.
5	Great Italian bistroThey always have fresh Dalit specials I also love the penne with duck confit.Trusted go to placeLovely in the summertime with their terrace
4	This is my boyfriend and I's go to place for Italian near the plateau! The atmosphere is always nice and cozy, and the food is always great. The caesar salad is a must, and the pasta dishes are offered in smaller portions, which girls usually really like... I have been there many times and have never been disappointed :)
4	There is a certain timeless quality to Outremont. The nice residential townhouses, the mature tree lined streets, the old theatre, the many cafes with beautiful terraces to enjoy - this is a neighbourhood that, if I could afford, would love to live it. I don't really spend enough time on Bernard street as I love it so much. A few weeks ago, at my sister's recommendation, we went to Le Petit Italien, a restaurant I had gone by numerous times but never actually tried yet. As the name implies, Le Petit Italien is a old school Italian restaurant - here was hoping however that it would rise above the base level Italian and show me something more - because there is nothing quite as sad food-wise as an Italian restaurant that seems not to try. The food just seems lifeless in those cases.As this is an Outremont restaurant, the space is rather compressed and longer than it is wide. As such, Le Petit Italien needs to utilize the space efficiently and they do. A moon-shaped bar divides the interior dining area in two. The overall look is one of modern elements within a old space. I particularly loved their use of the exposed brick walls and tomato sauce cans as decor accents. Sadly the weather was not up to par for sitting outside so the beautiful terrasse was not available. Too bad.We started with 2 appetizers. First up, whipped ricotta with black pepper, thyme and grilled bread. Whipping the ricotta added a light and fluffy texture to the inherently creamy and rich cheese. The addition of pepper, thyme and olive oil brought some extra elements but nothing that took away from the ricotta itself. Spread on the grilled bread and enjoyed thoroughly.The other appetizer was the insalata prosciutto - prosciutto, arugula, red onions, parmesan and white balsamic vinegar. The first thing that hits you when you see this dish is that amount of prosciutto draped over the salad. As a lover of prosciutto, automatic winner for me already! The prosciutto was perfect, cut nice and thinly. The salad itself was nicely balanced but nothing special - the peppery arugula, the sweetness of the red onions, the rich parmesan and the acidic dressing all worked well together. Another solid dish.I got to try three different mains after that. First up, the risotto fruit di mare - shellfish stock, mussels, clams, scallops, shrimp, red pepper puree and fennel. I am not a huge risotto guy - I enjoy it but it is rarely something I will order myself. This one was pretty good - the seafood was plentiful and the addition of the shellfish stock brought a deeper seafood flavour to the dish. The risotto itself was creamy and the rice was perfectly cooked - always a concern when one deals with risotto.The second dish was the classic veal parmigiana served with pappardelle and pomodoro sauce. A large breaded veal cutlet covered in melted mozzarella, the veal was cooked well and still moist. The pasta choice of pappardelle and pomodoro was excellent and complimented the veal well. Another solid dish.The final main was the penne con anatra - duck confit ragu with bell peppers and green onions. The real star here was the duck ragu - deliciously rich and meaty. Everything else here was simply a platform on which the duck was presented. I honestly barely remember any hint of pepper or green onion but frankly the ragu was so good, I didn't even care whether the pasta was penne or a simple macaroni. Loved this plate - thankfully since it was what I ordered myself.For dessert, they had cannolis on the menu, so of course I had to have one - my addiction to them is too strong. Something about the combination of ricotta, orange zest and that crunchy shell gets me every time and thankfully I wasn't disappointed here. Not necessarily as fluffy as I expected but the cream was nice and rich - the orange zest brought a little acidic and chew that was noticeable. The outer shell itself was good as well. After i finished it, I wanted another one.... usually a good sign and further proof of my cannoli problem.Lastly, we had a trio of profiteroles with chocolate ganache. Excellent cool gelato, fluffy buns and a rich decadent chocolate ganache. I was happy I had the cannoli first because it ensured that I wouldn't eat most of this myself. A excellent way to finish the meal.Le Petit Italien was Italian cuisine done right which made me happy. It is not doing anything revolutionary menu-wise but everything we had was honest and well executed. A nice little evening in Outremont. The only true downside of the meal was not being able to sit on the terrasse but that just means I need to re-visit them again eventually.Cheers!
4	This Italian restaurant is pretty good. I love their bolognese pasta. They give you a huuuuge bowl of it even if you get the petite size. They also have a mushroom pasta that's pretty good. But otherwise, I personally can't find much on the menu that appeals to me. They don't even have anything like Alfredo or classic Italian choices. It's all very 'fine italian' and a limited menu. The prices aren't bad though. I'll come in here for a super quick bowl of that bolognese sauce every time though. 2 minutes after ordering it lands on my table sometimes before the bread ever gets there. Service is therefore pretty good. For desert I've tried their pancotta with pepper. That was really strong pepper. That's like a really Italian fish that I'm not sure most people will like. The huge pepper kernels threw me off at the end of that dinner.
