4	day 15 - damn its already the third week??? where did the time go! do the la yelpers even notice i am gone??all these questions but beyond that, where to eat comes first. i went to arizona charlie's and signed up for their players card. and then came to the sour dough cafe. please note they no longer have the player's card meal deals. but they do have 3.79 steak and eggs or ham and eggs combo still served 24 hours. it was worth just a lil more than the price so it was great. i was filled, but i had too much gravy ingestion with my biscuits and was sick for a lil bit. i've really been eating like crap this trip. tip - if you sit on the counter, you don't have to wait in line. and you don't have to sign up for the player's card to eat here. the food comes fast and it aint bad. it gets 4 stars just cuz of the cheapness. ive had food this cheap in vegas before and it was really worth 2 bucks. this actually is worth 6.99! so you are getting more than you pay for!
3	another local favorite. you will find this place packed most of the time. cheaps prices and huge portions. they used to have $0.77 breakfasts but that has changed to about $3 per breakfast including steak & eggs, a full ham steak & eggs and more. the food is a little above average. the service is friendly but a little slow. alot better than the buffet or food court here at arizona charlie's probably why it's always busy. all you can eat ribs,spaghetti and more. check their site for more.
2	My opinion is skewed by my love of the Sourdough Cafe at the ACD on Decatur.  Compared to the other Sourdough Cafe, this place seemed rather sterile with no counter seating option, no character or characters.  The service was minimal and the food edible.  You get what you pay for.  Makes me miss living closer to the other Arizona Charlies (on Decatur).  The Casino is a lot nicer, but this Sourdough Cafe just can't compare to the other.
4	This place has one of the best deals for steak & eggs that I've seen in Vegas. Ellis Island used to hold that distinction until they raised their prices by a dollar but I never really liked Ellis  anyway on account of their charred brick of steak they gave you.This place, while way off the strip, has even better steak and eggs than Ellis and is cheaper. And the piece they give you isn't 50% fat! Not only that, instead of those dull string beans and potatoes Ellis gives you, you get hasbrowns. Nom nom nom.
1	We went around 11 pm on a weekend. We were seated quickly, had our beverage orders taken (1 coffee, 1 beer) and were ID'd for the beer we ordered, then recieved only the coffee. Turns out the busser couldn't serve beer or something despite being of age. When our server made his way over, we had to reorder the beer and show ID again. After placing our orders, we quickly recieved the soup; a thick, processed-ham flavoured ordeal that had probably been simmering since early that day as it had thickened into a mud-like consistency. Then we waited. And waited. We watched several tables finish. Our waiter ran about doing his rounds until we had to flag him down to ask for another beer. After about twenty, thirty minutes our food arrived. We had ordered chicken 'tenders' (whatever that means) as an appetizer but they came out with the entrees. The boy had a steak while I had the cobb salad. His steak was flavorless and tasted like poor quality meat cooked without any love. He ate several bites and sent it back. The tenders were moist but on par with frozen grocery store offerings. The salad was the alone stand out as it was a MASSIVE bowl full of salad. I usually feel silly ordering a salad out when I can make one exactly to my likings for about the same amount of dough, but this thing was big enough to split between 3 people easily and be satisfied. Our server was a lot more expedient and attentive after the steak was sent back, and the hostess came by to inquire as to what was wrong. She seemed genuinely concerned that we enjoy our meal and told us how to avoid being re-carded for beer (go to the security cage, prove your age and get a wrist band) so the star is for her.It's cheap food and if you're staying there it's a nice late night option if you're not in the mood for Sbarro. We'll probably be headed to Ellis island next time, though, as the environment is a bit nicer and the beer is cheap, generously served and the food is about the same if not a little better.
4	4 stars are mainly for their 3.99 steak n eggs. Service is decent and the rest of their menu is pretty interesting. I only come here for their steak n eggs deal cuz for that price, you cant really complain. You need a player card for this deal which is free to sign up for. Without it the regular price is only 50 cents more. But who doesnt like to save money? Once you get this deal, the rest of the menu is not as appealing cuz lets face it, anything more than 3.99 is really not a deal any more is it? Oh im sure the rest of their menu is probably ok just about everybody comes for this deal.The one star they didnt get is because they are not 24 hours like the location off of Decatur and the 95. Also sometimes, you get a chef that doesnt know how to cook steak so when I say medium rare, I get it well done.
3	This place gets 3 stars because its cheap, the food is decent, and the waitresses are so nice. You basically get what you pay for, nothing fancy here. Family loves the wings! I am tried a few things on the menu, the Sombrero skillet for breakfast was good. A quesadilla appetizer, the chicken tenders, and the sandwiches are good. Some of the people i went with did not like their food but really you cant expect to have a good spaghetti with meatballs at a place this cheap, like i said, you get what you pay for. It is just okay if you dont wish to spend a lot and just want something quick and easy, the best part is the ladies that serve you. So nice!
4	Steak and eggs for 3.99, u can't beat that in the morning. Especially starting out on a trip back to L.A.   We enjoyed our meals here.  In order to get 3.99 steak & eggs you have to get a players card at the desk.  It's free.  We will definetly be back.
1	ZERO STARS for Arizona Charlies Boulder Sourdough Cafe ZERO STARSLast month my wife and I went to the Sourdough Cafe at Arizona Charlies Boulder Hwy location. The service was so bad we walked out after waiting more than 30 minutes just for our water and coffee. Yesterday we took a chance and went back to Sourdough Cafe with my elderly father thinking this couldn't happen again... Silly me, turns out we had the same server, a middle aged caucasion woman blondish hair and she was the only server and no runners to help. She also had no sense of urgency whatsoever and her job was to do everything. We ordered coffee for the 3 of us andplace our order. 30 minutes later, coffee pot empty and no servers in sight my dad walked out, went downstairs and got a hot dog. My wife walked out and it took me almost 5 minutes to find someone to tell we were leaving AND I'LL BE DAMNED IF I WILL PAY FOR THE COFFEE. I will never go here again.
4	Over the past few years I have had many meals here at Sourdough Cafe.  Some hits and some misses.  But, that is the human factor of eating out.  You never know if you are there on an off day for the restaurant or if they are on the ball.  But, the quality of Sourdough remains the same.  The food is pretty good.  Everything from the players card specials to the desserts.  Nothing mind blowing but you leave satisfied.  With all of that said, here is my review from my last visit.For best access to Sourdough Cafe, park on the top floor of the parking lot.  It is on the right hand side as you walk through the doors.  We stood in line to wait to be seated.  It wasn't that busy but it seems like you always have to wait for a couple of minutes before they seat you.  No big deal...We were led to our table and given our menus.  But, there was no need as we only had one thing on our minds... The huge Banana Splits.  Yum - a - dum - dum!  It took a few minutes for our drink order to be taken and a couple of minutes more for the server to get to us.  Again, no big deal.  It's a good time to catch up and hangout with friends.  So we order our boat of ice cream.  Vanilla, Strawberry, Chocolate ice cream, banana, various sauces, mountain of whipped cream, sprinkle of nuts and a cherry.  In the past I have made the mistake of ordering one just for myself only to claim defeat.  Not this time.  There were four of us and we bought two to split.  We were gluttonous and before we hit sweet overload; we ordered some fries to counter it.  Smart thinking!!!And, so the night ends with the check.  I don't remember how much it was exactly but I believe the Banana Splits were only $6 a pop.  What a great deal.  *on a side note: we found out that the server has to make the banana splits themselves.  And we were told that if we wanted / needed more nuts or whipped cream to let them know.We made sure to tip well after we heard that... So good job!!!*another side note:  I would have taken pictures but I was given a ration of crap from my friends for trying to do so earlier.  And, being insecure because of it, I didn't take any.  I'll man up next time.
1	I came here with my family a few weeks ago. Although I thought it was strange for a restaurant to be so abandoned during lunch, I kept an open mind and was ready to eat. I had the New York Steak with a side of vegetables and a salad. I asked for my steak to be Medium, which is typically suppose to be "A more pronounced band of pink in the middle of the steak. However, there should still be slightly more gray-brown than pink coloration." Unfortunately, it was way more than medium well. It was so dry and inedible that no amount of steak sauce could save it. My vegetables were unnaturally bloated and tasted like rubber. Also, the "grill marks" looked like they were drawn on with a sharpie. The only thing that was good was the salad I had with no dressing or add-ons (croutons, etc.). My mother who had Italian dressing on her salad said it was incredibly salty. She ordered the Porterhouse Steak and had the same result as me. The staff was respectful, but due to the poor quality I experienced I will never return to this restaurant.
4	They have a great breakfast that is very inexpensive.
3	$3.99 steggs? Who can complain about that. I usually go to South Point, but I was on the east side of Vegas so I figured I'd give them a try. I went with a friend around 12:45 am & we were seated promptly. Tony our waiter was such a sweetheart! Super friendly & checked on us periodically. The food is decent for the price. You pay for what you get basically. The only downside is we were rushed to pay because the manager had to drop her bank for the night or else we would've had to wait until 2:30am. Which I completely understand, but it was kind of an inconvenience. I'll probably be back if I'm on this side of town again & want to eat for cheap :) oh & their $2.50 margaritas are good too.
4	Best place for a steak or Philly cheese steak sandwich. Best food for comfortable price.
3	If you can find this cafe through the smoke-infested casino and don't mind inconsistent service, this is a great place for massive portions of home cooking- and good specials.BF has been hanging out at the AC sports book lately, so we had dinner here last night. Specials include a $10 prime rib and shrimp, $5 steak and eggs or ham and eggs, and a few others- BF preferred the prime rib dinner, which did not have shrimp but came in a larger size with soup or salad, rolls, vegetable of the day, and choice of potato. I tried his meat and it was actually surprisingly good, as was the au jus, which I usually find too salty.I opted for the Wednesday dinner special of roasted pork loin with mashed potatoes and pan gravy with the same sides as above- meat was actually surprisingly good, but could have used a smidge more gravy. I liked the potatoes and I'm usually a little picky about them- slightly salty, seemed to me bad with smashed baby reds which are my favorite. Vegetable of the day was canned corn, which was lackluster and mostly flavorless. FInal note about the side salads that we started with: in addition to being rather large, they're drenched in dressing- so if you're counting calories you really should ask for it on the side. That being said, lettuce and other vegetables were crisp and fresh.Service was a little less than impressive: took our server a good 10 minutes to approach us for the first time, he was a bit short with us, and when I asked for a cup of chili he snapped at me and said it only came in a bowl portion. Kind of annoyed about that, kind of annoyed about how he pointed it out. Either way, apparently you have to go with a bowl for chili- duly noted.
4	Typical casino cafe, with great drink prices and very reasonable food prices. $8 for a bottle of wine or $1 for screwdriver, mimosa & Bloody Mary. Tried the signature sandwich Reuben, it was good and a decent portion. The potato salad was the standout, however. It was "loaded" potato salad, with bacon & green onions. Very tasty, could've eaten a ton of it. They should do more with it, like a special dish that features it.Will try to return with some friends for more potato salad!
4	Sourdough cafe is always a tasty, low priced breakfast. The prices- I think I paid around $4 for steak and eggs with toast! Always ask for your eggs well done because they always bring them a little undercooked. Also, if you have your players card you get an extra 10% off!
