4	Nice little board game store in Squirrel Hill.  They focus more on European-type of Strategy Games, like Puerto Rico, Settlers of Catan, or Carcassonne.  They have hundreds of games.  There is also a trade-in shelf, where if you have a game you don't play anymore, you can leave it there for trading with people.  The people that work here are also very helpful and big board game geeks.  They will give you recommendations, explain games to you, and they also have some demonstrations, where you can play a game on the front counter to try it out.  Their webpage has up to date information, and is a useful place to inquire whether they have a particular game in stock, though it looks somewhat unprofessional.
3	A decent game store.  They have a pretty good selection of games from a variety of different publishers as well as an excellent selection of more conventional types of games.  The staff is knowledgeable and friendly.  They also have a good puzzle selection (although the puzzles are a bit overpriced in my opinion.)My big detraction from this place is that it is really really cluttered and somewhat dirty.  I would guess that the store hasn't had a thorough cleaning since it was opened a long long time ago.  The areas where they seem to sell alot of merch is clean and it isn't as though I am afraid to go inside but still, not as pleasant experience as it could be you know?
4	I recently went back to purchase a game and I noticed that they had dusted.  Also there was a new clerk and he was very pleasant but not overbearing.  I was pleasantly surprised by the %10 discount taken off at the register.  This place seems to be on the upswing.  I will try to make a point of coming back more often.
5	Games unlimited is somewhat unique in Pittsburgh. This isn't your average gaming store as they've chosen to specialize in board games, a niche they fill better than any other store in Pittsburgh. The friendly staff there is supremely knowledgeable about the games, and will help you find what you are looking for, even if you yourself don't know.
5	So many games in here! Duh! Also, the man working the counter knew everything, as previous reviewers have said. He gave us the pros and cons of every game. The games here are more expensive than, say, Amazon, so shopping here is about supporting locals and because you love the place so much.
5	Visiting in town from TX and hitting the game shops.  We don't have many great ones there.  It was great to walk in a store with the selection that Games Unlimited has.  Plus it was well organized.  Most of my games are bought off the internet but it lacks the personal touch of talking with someone and getting feedback on games.  This is where Games Unlimited excels.  The owner spent time finding out what I liked.  Gave me time to look around without any pressure.  Ended up buying two games.  One new, one used.  I'm a bit OCD, so it was a leap of faith to buy a used game.  Got back to the place I was staying and emptied the box to check it - every piece and component of the game was accounted for.  Great place to shop.  I'll be doing some more research on games that were suggested.  If I decide on them - I'll buy from Games Unlimited because of the great service.
5	This place has a GREAT selection of board games, card games and probably any other type of game you could wish for. The owner of the store is very friendly and chatted with us as we browsed the store.They carry Cards Against Humanity, so that alone makes this store amazing!The 15% off check-in offer does not apply to Magic cards, but is still a great discount! I plan on heading back there to do some holiday shopping.
5	I've lived in the area for about two years now and my wife actually discovered this little diamond in the rough not long after we got here.  I started playing board and card games a few years back, my gateway game was Settlers of Catan while in college a long time ago.  My wife had picked up two games for me for some Xmas presents last year and was extremely impressed with the awesome customer service.  His recommendations were spot-on and I we have enjoyed Pandemic and Dominion many times over now.  We've since introduced our friends and family to those games as well.  Although they look small from the outside, much like the Tardis (Dr. Who joke if you are not familiar) they are bigger on the inside.  Their selection has a good cross-section of the many types of games that a family would want: euro, ameritrash, cards, some miniatures, family, classics, and all kinds of others.  They also have a trade-in program to get credit towards another game as well as a lending section to try before you buy.  Check them out and you won't be disappointed.
4	Why am I in the minority among my friends when I say that I still love Saturday night board games with family or a group of friends?! I feel that not many people appreciate this anymore, because I grew up with card and boardgames. If you are like me, this is a great place for you. Games Unlimited has a great diversity of games, although it is skewed more towards the new than the old (i.e., I STILL can't find a place that sells Tornado Rex!). I am continually surprised at what shows/movies have been adapted into board games (Game of Thrones and Battlestar Galactica, anyone?)- but unfortunately I would say that most of them are very similar themes packaged up in different colors. Anyway, the guy who works here really knows his stuff, and he even pulled out a game set when I had a question about a particular game. Plus, they even have a system where you can rent games out to try to see if you like them! That is incredibly useful for buyers, because patrons don't really know the intricacies of a game by just reading the back of the box. Pros- great selection, staff very knowledgeable and helpful, rental systemCons- fairly expensive, not as many older games
5	This store has been in Pittsburgh for many years now and the people that work here are great.  They have a great game selection, with lots of Euro-type strategy games and puzzles.  The staff are all very knowledgeable and will give you helpful recommendations.  They have a fun borrowing program, where you can borrow games for $5.  If you return the game within a week, the $5 becomes store credit.They often have demos out where you can try some new board games briefly.  And, they have a trade-in shelf for exchanging games with other people.  It's great they have a store like this  in Pittsburgh!
