5	I love this place the food is the real deal. I will be back and Liz is a great waitress. The chicken was great the rice was perfect. I'm home sick for Tampa but this spot makes things easier
5	I moved from orlando, Florida and was really missing the cultural food experience that you could find anywhere.  After trying this restaurant, hands down it beats any place I've tried before. I no longer miss my orlando spot. The portions are very generous and the price is reasonable. Anything you order will explode in flavor on your first bite. Sofrito is made from scratch and any dish you order will be satisfying. To top it all off the service is genuine and exceptional!  The owner sat us down, and the server vicki was more than pleasant. She is very personable and overall it was a fun experience.  It is like stepping into the island itself!  If you are looking for a genuine latin experience you must stop in.
5	Thanks to Yelp my wife and I have been trying a new restaurant each weekend. This weekend we tried Puerto Rico Latin Bar & Grill. We were very impressed with the quality and taste of the food. We had the Mofongo Carne Frita (mashed plantains with fried pork chunks) and Tostones Al Mojo (twice fried plantain chips with garlic sauce). They were delicious. We had Flan for desert, AWSOME. The restaurant was a true treasure to find. The owner came to the table and we had a great chat. This place was very clean and the food was very affordable. We will be going back very soon.
4	Went there for lunch today with a friend. The place was empty except for us and I don't really understand why. We ordered a couple appetizers to share. My favorite was the fried plantains. I ordered the Pernil which is a slow roasted pork dish and I had the yellow rice with it. It also came with a side salad which is a nice touch. The pork was delicious although it didn't seem to have as much flavor as it did the first time I came. Also there was some fat in it that I had to scrape out. It wasn't a lot but enough  for me to mention it here. My friend ordered the fried chicken and yellow rice. She enjoyed it and said she would definitely come back. I love that they have the Coco Rico soda to drink. This is a coconut flavored soda that I really like. I can't speak to the authenticity of the food as I am not an expert on Puerto Rican food but I can say it's delicious and I'll definitely be back!
5	I wanted a taste from home without cooking. So I looked online and found this place. Once we got there it felt like home. The mofongo is delicious. Pasteles are great. If you have never had Puerto Rican food it is the place to go. I recommend the pork shoulder and mofongo platters. My best friend is Puerto Rican so I know authentic. Aside from her kitchen it will give you a good starting point.
5	Awesome place! Great tasting food at great prices. Will definitely recommend this place. This is the only place I have had that tastes just like my moms!  Try the pernil with yellow rice.  The flan is also to die for!
5	Amazing food!  I live Mexican food, but Puerto Rican food.... Wow!  Try the pernil and empanadas!  Malta Goya and flan was great too!  Definitely coming back with friends!
5	My husband & I eat here often for dine-in and carry-out.  They recently bought this place from the previous owners who also was a Puerto Rican restaurant. Their food is fantastic and the service is amazing.  The owner is so friendly and attentive and the food is just like on the island.We love the mofongo y pernil, the chuletas, alcapurrias, empanadas, pasteles....EVERYTHING ON THE MENU BASICALLY. Their entree prices are reasonable, under $15-$20.Just go and try it if you haven't before and I promise you will enjoy it all.
4	As I write this review I have to be upfront and admit that I have only been here twice for carry-out orders of Mofongo(mashed fried plantains in a broth with garlic).  I cannot get past the Mofongo on the menu because it is so good!  You can order it plain or with a variety of meats on the side.  I have had the Chicharrones(marinated fried pork) which are so juicy and go well with the Mofongo.  I will continue to come back and am promising my fellow Yelpers and myself to try other items on the menu!  The staff is so friendly and will explain their menu.  The restaurant is super clean and love the music playing that brings me back to my childhood when Mom and Dad are dancing while preparing our meals.  Please continue to support this place or stop by and try it out for the first time for a new experience!  I don't want this place disappearing.
5	I recently moved from Bronx NY to Arizona withmy husband and kids. I tell you I was so stressed out, I was upset and having a tantrum that their were no puerto rican resturants. I was in furiated til one day i made it my mission to find a resturant no matter how far it was. I found Puerto Rico Bar and Grill online just googling. I decided thats where i was going to go. So my entire family went and my father who is a native from PR loved the place. The food was amazing I mean i didnt feel as home sick. Now all I need is to find a salsa club, with my salseras im not no pro but I love my salsa music. I am still adjusting to Arizona. its been 7 months.
5	My husband & I love this place. We came here before the new owners. But since the new owners, we have been there more frequently. Wesley, the owner, is an amazing person and this place is his baby! You can taste it in the food for sure! Family owned and operated so you know it's going to be amazing. It's the best Puerto Rican food in Phoenix, hands down. My husband always gets the mofongo y pernil with a side of garlic oil for the mofongo (likes to keep the vampires away I think). I like to change it up and get something diff each time. I love the chuletas, alcapurrias, and the ambience the most. We make it a point to come at least 2x/month but if it were up to me, it would be a daily visit. Thank you for your amazing service and food each time.
5	This a great place great food and great service I love it!
5	It was a pleasure to find a restaurant with great service, I decided that I will be a regular client. Thank you for the amazing food. I am on cloud nine.. Hope everyone gives this place a try...you won't regret it
4	Delicious food.  Garlicky mofongo with nicely fried pork to go with it.  The alcapurrias were delicious but small.  I am deducting one star for running out of chicken which my husband wanted since he doesn't eat pork or shrimp.  Good service.  Good luck guys on the restaurant.  I had not been there since the prior place closed up.  I see you haven't missed a step.  Will go back soon.
5	Love LoVe this place!!! Food is authentic and service is great.  My family is from NY and they also love the food.  Try the pernil and the mofongo!!! Try it all!! Very good!  I'd give it 10 stars.  I am planning on lunch here since it's at a better price :). You will love it.
1	Walked in Saturday evening expecting a great meal. I was recommended to thiz place by a born and raised nuyorican. Reviews show food is phenomenal. Unfortunately I can't agree. We waited at the front door for about 10 minutes and nobody greeted us. The three people in the kitchen kept looking out at us but never nodded or offered any type of acknowledgement. As everyone already seated stared at us waiting to be seated, I noticed every single one of the 8 tables did not have food. Needless to say, after 10 more agonizing minutes of waiting at the front door, 10 we left.
3	Food is great- full of flavor and reminds me of living in New York. The service, on the other hand is really lacking. At times, the restaurant will be closed without notice and there is no answering machine when calling. It is frustrating to want pernil and attempt calling for over an hour, just to drive down and realize they are closed (no sign- just locked doors). I love the tostones, pernil, arroz con gandules, but eveything seems to run on island time, instead of NYC speed.
5	In my opinion, this is is the best Puerto Rican restaurant that I have  had so far in the United States!!! The pernil and pork chops were so tasty and well seasoned! The bacalao and guneos guisado were great and made me feel like I was right in Puerto Rico again:) It really took me back home!!! Great food!..A treasure here in Phoenix! Glad I came:)
1	Very uncomfortable experience.  My visit was the only time I've ever walked out of a restaurant.  Upon entering, there was nobody to greet us, so after standing for a minute or two, we grabbed our own menus and sat ourselves.  Even though there were two servers and only six tables of people, nobody acknowledged us.  No hello, no waters, nothing.  After 22 minutes seated with no service, we left.My girlfriend is Puerto Rican and was dying to show me authentic food.  We drove 45 minutes from south Chandler specifically to eat at the best place in Phoenix.  She had been telling me about it all week, about specific things she'd get us.  It's a shame that my first experience was so negative, but I'll have to try some of the other authentic options (closer to home.)I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.  Especially if you live in the East Valley.
4	Eating here was like having dinner with family or friends - thanks to the owners and servers!  I came in from Houston to hire and train new volunteers for our non-profit organization.  The next incentive we are offering volunteers is a trip to Puerto Rico so I wanted to get them in the mood by going to a Puerto Rican restaurant.  The food was good (appetizers are crazy cheap!  So we got one of each) but service even better - they treated us like royalty.  Ben broke out the guitar and sang to us and Wesley and Ben even got us dancing before we left. We'll go back and take more friends.
5	Had lunch with the hubby here and this place never disappoints.  We even got a free order of to stones because I had their flyer.This place isn't in the best area but it's worth finding for sure!  I drive all the way from Surprise to eat here and it's always good!  Pernil and mofongo are always good!  Yum- plus lunch prices are great!  Try and experience the taste of Puerto Rican cuisine!!!
5	It was like being at home with my Mami cooking traditional Puerto Rican food. Of course I had to peak at the Chef and to my surprise she looked like a teenager. She did the damn thing... no better way to describe it. The flan.... geez... don't forget to order you some flan! And the staff... I swear it was like being back in NY with family.
5	Having been to Puerto Rico twice with my ex who was born and raised on the island, I know authentic Puerto Rican food. Omg it's so good... just go try it.Celiac/gluten free note: most items on their menu are naturally gluten free. Food breakdown:Tostones: thousand island type dressing or a green garlic. Mix themMofongo w/ pork: sauce was fantastic, pork awesome, a ton of mofongoMofongo w/shrimp: very garlicky... good if you like garlicSide salad came from the store with ranch. Good to offset the richness of the mofongo.Highly recommended!
5	Love this place! It's a little bit of home. The service is always friendly as well as the owner. And their mofongo with shrimp is amazing!  Would go more often if it was closer.
1	Well, we were sooo exited to go to an authentic Puertorican restaurant. We are from Puerto Rico so you can imagine how happy we were to find this place. I would not have  given even one star to this place. But cannot post if I don't. My husband and I entered the restaurant, my son, his wife and two babies came in after us. There were quite a few customers.  We just stood there, no one greeted us, there was no sign that said seat yourself, there was a chef that could see us from where he was, did not acknowledge us. Then out came a young man, with a tee shirt and a soiled rag on his shoulder. Pointed us to a table. A couple came in after us and were served drinks and given menus. We asked the young man if we could have menus, and he said he would look for some! He came back, took the other couple's order and we still were without menus. We got up and proceeded to leave. Not a sound from anyone, the server did not ask why we were leaving, or if there was anything wrong. No customer service at all. What a disappointment !!! Definitely, sadly, we will not return. Puertoricans  are famous for being friendly and welcoming. None of that here!!
5	Such a great experience! The owner was so friendly and the food was delicious! Great staff too! I definitely recommend this place!
4	I've been missing Puerto Rican food since I moved to the west coast 7 years ago. I am so happy that I found this place!! It feels like home the moment you walk in. If you are lucky enough to get the owner as your waiter he's very personable and it makes the experience awesome! I had the pasteles and the mofongo and my husband had the pernil. The food was perfectly prepared and we had plenty for leftovers the next day! They definitely run on Puerto Rican time, but relax - it's worth the wait!
4	This was my first trip and I will definitely be back.  I had the mofongo with shrimp and it was amazing!  I think I just found my new favorite food! The hubby had the pernil which was very most and came with yellow rice. Good,  but not as good as mine.  ;)We had the flan for dessert which was very good also. It was thick and creamy rather than the thin kind you get in Mexican food restaurants.  The only reason I gave 4 instead of five stars is that I watched the busser wipe down the table with his hand. Lol now that's classy!
5	Good service and good food. Very very grateful to have this restaurant when I am so far from home
5	This little boricua is a little gem in Phoenix. It is very nondescript but the service was friendly and the food was very tasty and authentic. We will definitely return.
5	Was looking for a different feel tonight so decided to go with a recommendation from a stranger. I've heard slot about mofongo but never tried it even when I visited Puerto Rico but it was great. I had Mofongo De Carne Frita and moscato to drink. Customer service was great! Chef came out o ask how our meal was and said I was missing something!! Brought me a side of chicken broth moisten my mofongo,. Fyi mofongo is smashed plantains with herbs & seasoning
5	Everytime I come here I feel like I'm back home in Puerto Rico! Best carne frita around! Plus pasteles!
