3	Located on the northeast corner of Scottsdale and Camelback roads, the newest American Apparel location is officially open.  I know because I stopped in today on a mission.  My intention was to purchase a few things for my fiance's birthday.  Specifically, I was looking for a few pairs of the top selling 'baby rib men's brief,' and perhaps a new long sleeve thermal or two.  I ended up with those things and more... I admit it, I bought a few things for myself as well!While the teeny bopper staff were not the most helpful or friendly, I found what I needed.  I have a few AA items and they are great for layering and basics.  I"m sure I'll continue to wear them over and over again.  Great colors too!Sprinkles cupcakes  is located next door to this AA location, and while I didn't stop today, I am sure there are plenty of people that combine shopping and sweets.  And speaking of sweet, please don't mention to my 'Sweetie' that you know what kind of underwear he wears!
4	American Apparel is one of my favorite stores.  It is a bit overpriced for what it really is but I love the feel and the fit of the clothes so much I keep going back!
3	I don't normally go into American Apparel. Mostly because I like vintage and things that are skintight don't look good on me. But, I was dressing up as a mermaid and found myself in need of a top to wear under my shells so I didn't expose too much skin. Of course, American Apparel had all the selection of shiny, skintight (and skin colored) tops I needed. While I feel like I way over-paid for what I got, at least I got what I needed.
3	Convenient? Yes. Home to the vast majority of anything cotton you could ever need? Yes. Over priced? Yes. Worth it? On the right occasion. I pass by American Apparel on a daily basis and forget it's there. But, then comes the time when I need a bright pink, green or yellow top and think...where should I go? Those are the times when American Apparel comes to the rescue...but I pay the price. It's kind of like traveling to a rainy country without an umbrella and then it rains and you buy an umbrella at double the price. American Apparel has pretty much any type of colorful cotton clothing you can imagine. From tights, to tanks, to dresses, to shorts, to leotards...you name it's the Apparel's got it. It's a one stop shop for anything from costume needs to your daily colorful cotton needs. If my budget wouldn't slap me on the hand, I'd shop there more. But, when I need something and can't find it anywhere else, American Apparel normally has it. If it was less expensive, I'd give it four stars, but since it's only for the budget privileged, I give it a three.
3	Maybe it's just American Apparel, but I always feel like I never have an awesome customer experience here. Either they're not very cordial, or something goes awry at the register. But, I LOVE American Apparel - as overpriced as it may be - so I continue to shop here. It's a great location as well, for those that don't want to park and walk to the Mill Ave store. It's in a great new-ish shopping center across from Fashion Square. They've got an unreal amount of stock and you can generally find whatever you need. So, if you're shopping here and you know the prices and the customer service that you're going to receive at this brand - it's a great location.
4	Originally I always thought of 'AA' as that place you go to get 80s neon stuff for really small people.  This location converted me into a fan.  I love their circle scarfs and purchased a few for gifts as well some for myself.  I also picked up a great shirt dress that I am packing for my next vacation.  Lest I forget about it as well, I did dive back into the 80s and got me some leg warmers that I love to lounge around the house in...I did go neutral though in a lovely chocolate color!  For some reason they said final sale on these...really , who would return leg warmers.  I know you are all laughing at me now!
2	Oh American Apparel. I want to like you, but your smug employees and weird-fitting clothing just don't do it for me. And I can't help but notice the people who frequent the store take on this smug quality as well. Every single over-priced basic tee or tank I've purchased has fallen apart, stains easily and shrinks in odd ways after every wash. There are a couple exceptions: the basic u-neck tanks, v-neck tees and headbands. However, I can find better quality (and less expensive) garments at Target. Maybe if there was a sale every now and then I'd have a soft spot for American Apparel. This convention has yet to be introduced to this retailer.
2	I'm trying to figure out if I want to review the clothing, or the store. I guess I could do both.Let's start with the clothing. As a pretentious somewhat obese man, I wear black v-necks like it's no one's business. Why? Because black is slimming, and v-necks make it look like I actually have a neck instead of a thick stree stump holding up my bowling ball shaped head.American Apparel has managed to mess that up by ill-fitting shirts. The v-necks are too deep, and these are the regular cuts, not the "deep v-necks" which would probably show my sucked in navel.Then, when I was said retarded looking shirt, it shrivels up like a nervous man at a cold beach. Not so great.Maybe this style works for people with a more flattering physique than myself...maybe I need to hit the treadmill a little harder than I already do.But for now, I have to say.... "Eeks, methinks not."Now...onto the store.The staff are pretentious rail-thin models who look like they are jealous of my eating skills. Or appalled by them. They seemed to be alarmed when I asked for a t-shirt in an XL. Yes Ladies, some of us actually wear a t-shirt in giant sizes. I should scare the bajobe out of them and show em a pic of me from a few years ago -- I was almost 100 lbs heavier. They'd probably quit and join The Biggest Gainer.I'm sure the staff meant well, so I have em an extra star for that.Not sure if I'd come back though.
5	I cannot believe all these negative reviews. First I'd like to start with the prices. Don't get me wrong, I love a good deal, BUT, if you are going to complain about how jobs in America are moving to China and India and not shop at AA because of their prices, then you are a hypocrite. AA supports US jobs and their factory is here in the states where they actually care about ethics and their employees. And, they have sales too, I have been in this store more than a few times and seen 30% - 50% off sale signs. And, on their website you can shop the sale section and save up to 75% if not more.To the clothes - I understand some people may be weirded out and flash back into the 80's when they see the clothes here, as I have read from the reviews on here, BUT, these clothes are actually very stylish and a simple top with a simple pencil skirt  from AA and with some accessories you have a fab outfit. If you are looking for something not so simple try a white strapless romper with their petticoat skirt, add some accessories, and your done. The sizes - I am size 4-6 with curves, and the clothes from here fit me fine. I can understand the frustration if you are a little bigger and have had a hard time fitting into the clothes from AA. But, the good thing is that AA is now coming with XL sizes in some of their clothing. The models - I love the fact that the models are real and barefaced. As someone who has struggled with a skin condition, I always hate walking around the mall only to see photoshopped perfect faces surrounding me. I always feel comfortable when I walk into AA.This store - I have never had a bad experience. Always a good one. i like the store, the employees have always been nice to me, I have no complains.
4	A fresh update for a fresh new set of clothes.Last time around, I complained that the clothes didn't quite work for me. I'm not sure if the cuts changed, or if I've been hitting the weights harder (I have), but the classic v-neck t's seem to work much better now.The organic cotton is about a dollar more, and the softness tends to last longer (at least 20-30 washes). The staff is much cooler now too. Much friendler, and more helpful.Way to step up your game American Apparel!
2	I have been here twice and my first experience was pretty pleasant although I kind of felt like I was being watched closely by the security guard, like I was going to steal something. It made me feel very uncomfortable and if I was ever going to steal any thing from that store it would have been the nail polish which was located at the register. There really is nothing in here I couldn't live without but I did find a really cute cardigan for my nephew. The employees were pleasant while they were checking me out but the whole time the security guard stood by the register watching but not watching (if that makes sense). Really ackward!My second visit (same day but later) was to exchange the cardigan I bought for my nephew for a bigger size. There was the same security guard standing around and only one worker who told me she was a new employee. I let her know I just needed to exchange the cardigan for a bigger size and she told me that she couldn't do exchanges or returns and I would have to wait for the store manager to get back from her lunch. I asked how long and she said about 15 more minutes. So I went back out to my car and sat for 20 minutes just so I could exchange this cardigan! I was upset that I had to wait so long just to do an exchange when I bought the cardigan earlier in the morning. Although the store manager was polite when doing the exchange, she never apoligized for making me wait around for 20 minutes.How can you leave an employee on their own when they do not know or have any authority to do exchanges or returns?!It will be awhile before I ever go back to this store if ever.
4	I stopped in here yesterday for the very first time.  This location on the intersection of Camelback Rd. and Scottsdale Rd. is so close to the Fashion Square.  Cool little plaza that also has a Sprinkles Cupcake store ( I did not go in, seriously.)While browsing through the American Apparel store, it was easy to see the appeal of the clothes to the right demographic.  Unfortunately for AA, that is not me.  I'm not a gold lamay bodysuit kind of guy.  Nor do I like the Deep V neck T-shirt's.  There were many great options of swimsuits, lingerie and underwear for woman and girls, so I decided to peruse that part of the shop.  I found some cute thong's for my fiance' in black and white.  She appreciated the gesture and I scored some points!
1	when aa first hit the scene years ago, i'll admit that i fell for their whole shtick hook, line, and sinker. i liked coming to these stores for the basics (tank tops, tees, super soft hoodies).  over the years, the quality of the clothing has gone way downhill, while the prices seem to have increased; most of the shirts don't seem to last more than a few washes.  it literally hurts to even go into one of these stores. for some reason, this one in particular seems to have notoriously awful service.  no one says hi, no one helps you, and they barely even look up when you walk in. ugh, you're cool, i get it! if you have to buy something from here, i suggest just ordering it online. actually, scratch that, go to target. you can get the same things and they'll actually last.
4	The staff was so nice and helpful! I had just injured my foot and they gladly gave me a band-aid haha. Nice selection (still overpriced), but again what American Apparel store isn't?
1	I stopped shopping here. First of all, NONE of their clothing holds up... in a month the underwear losing its elasticity as do the socks and the shirts unravel and the clothing fades quickly. Secondly, they had a sign in the window endorsing illegal immigration and lecturing people on their agenda (funny since AA was using illegal immigrants to make their clothes in LA) and thirdly they are overpriced. When you tell the cashiers about the clothing not holding up they look at you as if you are stupid. One of the cashiers was wearing inappropriate flesh colored leggings that made her look naked... If you want clothes you can wear and throw away, made by illegal immigrants go for it...
