4	I've been looking for this place and didn't even know it. Drove by on the way to the Yelp party at Cafe Carumba and saw they had lots of bolts of fabric. I assumed it would be overly expensive being basically on the corner of Indian School and Scottsdale, but when I was in the neighborhood the other day I stopped in and was pretty happy with what I saw. They had tons of cute, modern home decor fabrics at pretty decent prices, especially for Scottsdale. The only thing that was annoying is that even though they have rows and rows of bolts you still have to order many of the fabrics (which will take 1-2 weeks to recieve), even if it's just for a yard.
5	I visited Calico Corners about a week ago because I'm in to sewing, and this place was located near my hotel so I decided to check it out.First of all, I would not consider CC a "fabric store" in the traditional sense. They don't sell zippers or sewing machines or accessories for home sewing.  They do, however, sell fabric.The home interior fabrics they sell are absolutely beautiful and high quality. This is a great place to get ideas for home decor projects (if you're a diy-er like me) and a fantastic place to order custom draperies or upholstery work (if you would prefer to let someone else do the work).In the back of the store they have clearance fabric where I scored a huge deal on some beautiful upholstery fabric for pillows. Quantities are limited. CC gets 5 stars because of their great customer service. Sales associate Robin was extremely friendly and helpful. When I was checking out she asked for my phone number and contact information. Normally I don't give out that stuff but the computer system stores a record of which fabrics you purchase. I thought it might be helpful in the future if I wanted to get more of the fabric or something. So I gave her my info.I left the store and checked out of my hotel and headed out to the airport. At the airport I received a call from Robin to let me know I left my credit card at CC. I asked her if she could mail it to me and she did! Just received it today.I was happy I didn't have to cancel any of my auto-payments or worry about where I had lost my card. I appreciate Robin going the extra mile to get my card back to me!
5	I am obsessed with fabric and colors and have been looking for the perfect color scheme for my house.  Being all over the map when it comes to pinpointing what I should go with, I decided to enlist the help of their free design services (awesome!).  I luckily got put with this hip, smart, younger girl, Kate, who "got" me and my style within moments of our first meeting.  She put together coordinating fabrics for my whole house.  I know how difficult this is to do because I've been trying to do it myself for years, and she did it within 30 min.  I loved what she picked out, I couldn't have done it better myself.  I ended up ordering 2 chairs for my great room with coordinating throw pillows, an upholstered bench for my master bedroom, and plan to order dining room chairs later this week.  I have looked at virtually every fabric store and furniture store, and they hands down have the best selection of fabrics.  And it's so nice to be able to custom order it!  I even cross checked their price with another furniture company, using the same exact chairs, to see if it was high, and it was exactly the same price!  Why wouldn't you want to just get exactly what you want if you're paying the same for it anyway?  In the future, I plan on ordering a window seat cushion with coordinating pillows, and draperies for a few of my rooms.  I have all the fabric picked out, just waiting for the right time.  I've been extremely happy with this gem of a place so far, and am so excited to see all the new fabrics in my house!
