5	Love the Scottsdale campus!!!. The Peoria Camus is my church home but this is a great addition to the family.  Reaching the valley of the SON in his name !!! :)
5	This church is so amazing, great workshop team and messages you can apply to every day life. Even if you typically don't like church give this place a try, can't help but feel happy when you leave and ready for a new week
5	Phenomenal worship and impactful messages! If you're looking for a new church or just want to see what church is all about this is an awesome choice. Super friendly as well :)
5	Love this church! Worship rocks the house and every message is impacting into everyday life.
5	Great church, very professional, great music, child care if needed, and a Starbucks inside.
5	Such a wonderful and welcoming church! I have been going for over two years now without going to a prior church.  I am a Believer now and for myself and my family I am so grateful for CCV Scottsdale. Children's ministry is amazingly. I have two boys 6 year old and 15 month old. The 6 year old told me all about how Jesus died on cross but they're fooled because he was resurrected. Brought tears to my eyes to hear him tell the story.   Look forward to serving (in daycare) and attending service every Sunday. Plus the music is Amazing!!!!!!!!
5	Wonderful place!Live worship, campus pastor,  tons of friendly people. The whole church strives to positively impact phoenix and the surrounding area. There are multiple campuses; I have only been to the Scottsdale location and wouldn't change it! I quickly got used to the video teaching as I realized I would look at the screens anyway at other churches.  The church has great ways to get you involved if you take the opportunities. Definitely give this a shot if you are looking for a church with great worship, teaching, mission, people, etc!
5	Amazing service! I felt so welcome and at home. Everyone is so friendly! The messages are inspiring! I've only been to the Scottsdale campus. Can't wait to visit the others!
5	Today was my first visit to CCV and I loved it! Everyone was extremely friendly and welcoming. I really like how modern it is compared to the church I went to where I used to live. I will definitely return!
