5	I love this place. I came in one day as a walk-in about 6 months ago and I have been hooked ever since. Keep in mind, sometimes they get really busy and do not have walk-in times available, so call ahead for an appointment, but the ladies that work here know what they're doing.Specifically, Amy, is the best! I have had her "do whatever she wants" to my hair and she's done an amazing job. She did an amazing job on my highlights, gave me suggestions for a style, and she went to town. I came in looking drab, and now I look fab thanks to her. On the down side, it's a bit pricey, but I'd rather pay the extra money for the reassurance that I will look great when I leave. I am definitely a repeat customer.
4	Stopped in quick on my lunch break because my bangs needed a trim so bad! I didn't have to wait long at all, considering it was a walk-in during lunch time. Store was clean and all the hairdressers were friendly.Amy gave me a quick fix and made sure that I liked how they laid. I was a little picky and she was more than happy to cut it the way I like them.I plan to go back for a full haircut soon!
4	My second experience at this salon was excellent, which more than compensated for my first-less than stellar-experience. The first time I went in, the color wasn't good and style even worse. When I called about a week later and explained my feelings, Amy was so kind and accommodating!! I think she is a manager or owner, but personally took care of me and fixed the color. She knew what she was doing, and did it with precision and care. I will definitely be returning in the future!
5	Lauren did a great job! She was attentive, listening to what I had in mind, and giving how own input to create a great cut and color. And the prices are very affordable.
1	I had the day off and was planning on getting my hair done, running errands, and later pick up my kids from school. It took the stylist FOUR HOURS for a cut and color!!! I did NOT get to pick my kids up, and she charged me $115!!!!!!! I couldn't believe it. As she was rinsing my hair she said "it didn't turn out how I wanted it".....WHAT?????? My color was awful and my cut was NOTHING like the picture I showed her. I was VERY disappointed to say the least. I will NEVER go back there.
