3	I love Chick-Fil-A.  I think I love them most when they provide free food.  Even their annual calendars give you regular helpings of food that is not quite free, but it is just about as close as you get - just $5 and you get food all year long, one month after the next.  Other than that, look for new product announcements (Spicy Chicken or new ketchup packets, to name but a few).The CFA location at Concord Mills is not the simplest location to get into (and out of), but like most locations, they are very friendly and can even be spotted coming out to refill drinks - almost unheard of at any other fast food location.  You do have to catch them at a slow time, which is unusual in this area, since the mall is always slammed, but it is great when you can get it.The verdict?  Eat Mor.  Now.
4	Though I do not agree with their politics, I like the food here.  It's clean, and the service is quick.
4	Thought the politics leave something to be desired, you should still go to Chick-Fil-A.  This location was clean, service was friendly and we went when almost no one was there.  Consistent with the Chick-Fil-A experience that converts have come to know & love.
5	Great place.  The "politics" is what makes the place what it is.  Friendly and polite staff.  Food was great as always.  Max was very Friendly and helpful.
4	As far as service goes, this location is just like any other - although here they seem super friendly, having a personal conversation with you. Yesterday I got complimented on my glasses & how cute my dog Milo is. :)At around 1 PM on a nice & sunny Saturday, it was still busy. As Chad E. aluded to, it's a pain to get & in of.  If the line in the drive thru is long, it's hard for those trying to get in and around the parking lot.  I was probably in line close to 10 minutes by the time I got to order.Food as always, was tasty. My nuggets were cooked perfectly & my coleslaw was filled to the top of the bowl.  My boyfriend's chicken strip salad was good too. Lettuce was nice & crisp, not brown. Chicken was cooked perfectly.I'm definitely a fan!
5	Love Chickfila! Of course most folks have tried it once if not more in their life...but I just can't let this trip go without recognition...We went for breakfast, ordered a combo meal and a four pack of Chicken Minis. Friendliest help at the window asking how we were, if we need condiments and telling us to have a great day.  In our bag we had plentiful napkins, sanitizing hand wipes and mints AND a card annoucing another round of 'reserve your free breakfast that is coming up...just because that's how they are!  SO refreshing to have good customer service that is consistent and feels genuine!
3	This is not my go-to Chick-Fil-A, and as such, I don't go here to often. With that being said it has all the making of a typical Chick-Fil-A - great food, exceptional service, clean, welcoming interior, etc.The only reason I am marking it down, it because it is very difficult to enter or get out without problems (that's what she said, lol).  Parking is usually tight, and it gets packed in here on the weekends.If you have to have Chick-Fil-A, find a different location, theres gotta be one less hectic than this jungle.
3	They say every act is political, that even what you eat is political.That is perhaps more true at Chick-Fil-A than most other places.It's difficult to be of two minds when you gripe about it's owners beliefs and policies and can't help but love the sandwich. So everyone once and awhile you give in. Shhh.
4	It's a Chick-fil-A restaurant.....just like all other Chick-Fil-A's it is clean, the staff is ultra friendly, "it will be my pleasure sir", and the food is always spot on. And just like any other Chick-Fil-A you will crave it the most on Sunday.For those of you that are new to the planet Earth, all Chick-Fil-A's are closed on Sunday.Bottom line......this one is just as good as any other one.
3	We came by for a quick bite after leaving the mall, of course... Well, quick is playing fast and loose with vocabulary... It wasn't quick, but it wasn't so long in the car that the kids that were with us had time to complain, so I guess it balanced the fine line... lol  It's still an interesting experience inside their parking lot as previously stated, so I don't think they're changing that at all... Oh!  And if you leave the drive-thru, go to the left... The right side is a one-way, coming in that direction... Watch out there now... lolThe employees were pleasant and the food was good ol' Chick-Fil-A style, so it was still a nice visit...  Sometimes you wanna go where everybody's excited about the fact that you showed up to their job, whether they know your name or not...  That's the Chick-Fil-A way...
4	I really like this chic-fil-a for breakfast before heading to Concord Mills. Food is straight, service is always great as well. What's not to like. The only time can ever encounter issues here is on Saturdays when it gets packed out. And never forget, they are always closed on Sunday.
4	I had a pretty good chicken sandwich and the waffle fries were tasty too!The kids got fun toys in their meals. My brother-in-law got some grilled chicken that looked pretty pathetic and he said it didn't taste good either.Overall it was a good experience and the place seemed pretty clean which I appreciate that!!
