5	This location has just opened, it is still very new and clean, the staff is well prepared for your visit!Don't be fooled by the long lines, they move fast. Both drive thru windows are open, and while the lines wrap through the entire dining area you will be at the cashier within a few minutes.The staff is very friendly, helpful and courteous. The food is hot, fresh and delicious.Welcome to Charlotte Popeye's!
3	New location, lines at the drive-thru wrapped around the building, but moved fairly quickly.  The staff was courteous and efficient.  Ordered the shrimp po-boy, which was cold, but the onion rings were hot and delish!  This is a chicken place so maybe that's what I should have ordered.Not bad for fast food!
5	Popeye's in Charlotte, I can't tell you how happy I am. Of course it was great. Chicken is fantastic, fries are good and crunchy, but whatever they use to coat the chicken gives it an unbelievable flavor once it's fried. And VERY crispy!  JUst wait a bit as the police were directing traffic in the drive through because it is so new, popular and people have been WAITING for it to finally get to Charlotte.
5	I've lived in Charlotte since April 2011. I've been waiting for this day! As a man that was born and raised in Brooklyn, Popeyes was a staple for me growing up!NO more wack BoJangles undercooked chicken and horrible biscuits! Even though I had to drive all the way to the West side to eat, it was well worth it! I LOVE POPEYES!Wooohooo! We got a Popeyes...yeah, yeah, yeah!
5	I've been stalking this place for a while, every time I come near this place the line is crazy so I end up eating something else.  I guess today was my day the line wasn't that bad, got through it pretty fast they seemed to be efficient with the order process by taking my name and repeating the order to me, however after getting the food they put a wrong side in the box, but the line was so long at this point I just let it go and moved on. The food I got was pretty good hotter than I expected but pretty good. Every one else enjoyed their food, so the experience was a pretty good one. Although I must say the biscuits were small I wish they were a little bigger because they were awesome.
1	Although I remind myself that this is only fast food and is not worth becoming upset, there seems to be a lack of leadership at this location.  I ordered my food at 7:10 ( time on receipt) and waited until 7:39 ( 2 piece order with a side of shrimp).  There were a lot of people behind the counter, but noone to notice huge mass of people waiting,  and not even on person apologized for the wait...only A server who smirked when I asked for ice because the machine was not working and drinks were running out.  And ...my order was completely wrong....but I ate it because I could not wait longer.  Food was not bad....but there just did not appear to be  anyone there who cared.  Thus, I will not return or use them again for corporate party.  I hope this business succeeds.
4	I'm from out of town.. And this POPEYES is the BEST Popeyes by far the best one I have ever been to across the country. They have fast friendly service and greet all guests as they enter the establishment. However my food wasn't the best.. The customer service alone was a good enough reason for me to return to give them another try... The employees love their customers.. And I am sure if I brought the issue to their attention they would have dealt with it accordingly. They have that kind of vibe. I was really in a rush and didn't have time plus they were really busy.. Thank you for the hard work and dedication to your customers..
1	Went to this "establishment" of chicken had no ranch sauce or there own blackened ranch!!!
