4	What a cute and cosy spot to set up "office" for a few hours. It's a large space for a coffee shop, the kind of place that's so warm that it fogs up your glasses when you walk in the door. There's a definite sense of neighbourhood at Hoche. Adorning the walls are community posters for events and a live music acts. There's groups gathering to chat, individuals pouring over books and others like us working away on our laptops. With big mugs of coffee or pots of tea perched atop large wooden tables, it's a spot where you can feel comfortable hanging around for a bit. Watch out for the trickly loo situation. The men's and women's bathrooms are separated. You'll see the ladies when you walk in the front entrance, and you'll see the men's when you are sitting in the back. There is clearly an icon on each door, but because they're not near each other, it's pretty easy to go to the wrong door. Offerings are of your run-of-the-mill varieties: lattes, chai lattes, teas, coffees. They also offer some baked goods for snacking. And of course, no neighbourhood coffee shop is complete without some solid wi-fi to surf on. Make sure you snag the code when you order your bevvie.
4	Very cool place to drink some good coffee!  :)
4	Very nice coffee and staff. Easy in English and cool music. Good A/C during heat-wave. Yes come and enjoy the vibe....
5	Hoche is one of those rare cafes that makes you feel like you could move into the neighbourhood, because you can see your life revolving around a place like this. Swinging in and out of their door, drinking their coffee and eating their sandwiches. As well as drowning uni sorrows with one of their giant choc chip cookies while you study on their wifi. It's like when you meet a new guy who has no visible flaws, and so your mind gets a bit carried away thinking about your lives together.This. happened. to. me. with. this. cafe.Tasty food, friendly staff and vibe, unpretentious. No visible flaws.Now to get the metro back to my actual neighbourhood and step back into reality. There will be other great cafes, I know. But every now and again I will still think of Hoche and their great toasted sandwiches.
5	Very charming cafe, with friendly staff. Chalkboard menu, written in French. Everything looked & tasted wonderful. Come here for a lovely little breakfast.
