5	Took my wife and mother-law there.  They were very surprised how big and clean the place were.  And thought the people there were very professional.  It's like going to the spa at one of the hotels in Las Vegas.
5	Wonderful experience and very friendly staff. On my first visit, I got the "aloha" pedicure. There are so many different pedicures and services to choose from. I will be back to try them all. The massage chairs and atmosphere are relaxing. I definitely recommend this place!
5	I booked a basic French mani-pedi yesterday.  The spa is beautiful, very clean and very relaxing.  I almost fell asleep having the mani-pedi done!  The technician did a beautiful job of my nails, and the owner kept stopping by to make sure I was happy and everything was okay (it was).  They have great prices, do beautiful work and provide great service!  While leaving, the owner gave me a bag for my shoes and socks, a cute little pen, more coupons and they could not have been nicer.  I plan to come here in the future for all of my mani-pedis!!!
5	This place is amazing! They have hundreds of gel color options and the technicians always take their time to ensure a quality job. I love being able to choose the scents of lotion for the pedicures and the massage portion of the pedicure is a lot longer than the other places. The owner is very kind and always checks in to make sure everything is perfect. They have plenty of water and soft drinks to sip on while you get your nails done. The facilities are very clean with extra care taken to use disposable liners and new tools. Overall an excellent experience!
5	I wandered in on a Monday morning for a desperately needed manicure...  Two whole weeks later and my nails are still flawless (save for the new growth, of course)... Seriously, thank God for gel manicures.This salon is beautiful, the prices were right, my tech was friendly and best of all, everything seemed totally clean. There's something about watching a nail tech pull out tools from a *sealed* package... It squashes any doubt of their sanitation practices I'll definitely be back!
5	Everything here has been spectacular !!! I'm very impressed . The cleanliness is impeccable ...and the choices are fabulous .
5	I am so impressed . I went three weeks and not one nail lifted or looked bad except for needing to be filled . All the girls are very nice .
5	Such a great surprise to find this so close to home! The salon is beautiful and calm. No noisy television. The massage chairs are amazing. I had the coco pedicure and besides the lotion massage and buffing, the hot stone massage was amazing. The staff is very courteous and professional. My new place.
5	This time I got gel instead of a regular fill. One week later it looks perfect ! I was skeptical because my old nail place the gel would chip or actually peel off!!! I'm so glad I come here now .
5	Ok 10 days in and the gel looks perfect !! Except where the growth is . I'm so happy . My old (nail place ) was very crowded and the gel would peel off a nail a day or two later. I'm so glad I found this place !
5	My feet look amazing!   Walked in for a pedi, was taken right away. First thing I noticed was how bright and clean the salon is. The new massage chairs work perfectly. My pedicurist Tia, did a wonderful job, fabulous massage, got all the yucky callous gone, I am happy and relaxed :)
5	They are amazing! I've been looking for a good salon and this was it! Thanks to yelp! I found them. They had wonderful service very welcoming! It's not in the best location but still amazing salon definitely come in and try it out! You won't regret it!
5	What amazing service! I go there once a month, and it's like going to a five star restaurant!! Jenny gives great pedis, and it's the cleanest place in the world, with the best amenities! Keep up the great work!
5	Love Alex and the ladies. I always feel so loved and pampered here!  There are at least 20 nail salons in the 5 square miles from here and I only come to them! Highly recommend calling ahead to "mark" your spot
4	This is my second time coming to the salon. It is very clean and they have a beautiful ambience. They do a great job and I would highly recommend this place.They are a tad on the expensive side, but you get what you pay for. They do a long massage, use hot stones, hot towels, and have more polishes than most salons. No exaggeration - they have about 200 gel polish colors, I do think this is a tad excessive, it makes it incredibly difficult to pick a color when you have that many options. They all start to blend together.
5	I have tried a lot of salons in the valley. This was the cleanest place I've visited. They also had some of the most expensive options for mani/pedi's I've seen that weren't in a hotel or on a cruise ship. Basic pedi is $25 but it includes hot stone massage. The most expensive pedi I seen was $70- I wish I had the $$ to try it:)Eyebrow wax is $10 so not every price is jacked up. As far as gel/shellac colors: They have the most I've seen one nail salon have. They are friendly and do a great job.    What did I like best?? They put a huge plastic barrier in the tub ( massage chair/pedi chair) I've never seen that before. They also use gloves and together I really like that!!
5	So relaxing ....this place is a hidden gem ! Your never rushed , they care about there work , spa is so clean !
5	My daughter and I wandered in, as walk-ins, on a Saturday afternoon and were promptly seated and served.  We both enjoyed a really nice pedicure experience, we opted fir the Coco Pedicure, complete with a hot stone massage.The salon is bright and clean and looks like a perfect place for fun girl time with a group of friends.  They have a zillion massage chairs in their pedi area. Well, I'm guessing more like eighteen.  How fun is that?The ladies that served us were friendly and thorough and worked magic on our tired tootsies!  If we were locals, this would definitely be the place I'd frequent.  So glad we wandered in, this is a great nail salon. Our feet feel and look amazing!  Thanks Ladies!
