4	My boyfriend treated me and my mom for breakfast here today before we went to look at houses. My omelet was fluffy and overloaded with cheese, in a delicious way that is. I liked the hash browns that came with my omelet as they were shredded the way I like them. I couldn't finish my hash browns since my omelet was so big! The service was good and the decor was nice and clean. I hope they stay in business. They deserve it. My only little complaint is that they didn't have sugar-free jelly for my toast. But our waitress tried to look for some anyway. No big deal.
3	It has been a long time since the first Italian Oven opened and they were showing up all over the area with the black and white tiled floors.  They were inexpensive, popular and had decent food.   But then there were problems and they closed.  Not sure if this Italian Oven is owned by the same family but the decor is nicer than the IOR's of the past.  Walk in and there is a desert display and the deserts look delicious.  Was immediately seated and our waitress was great.  Refills without asking or even noticing, stopped and asked at the correct time without interrupting our conversation.  There is wine available but did not sample.  Did not notice if IOR serves beer but would think with wine there must be beer availableWas not real hungry and tried a little pizza that is cooked in a brick oven.  The crust is thin and crisp like most brick oven pizza, the sauce is sweet so it should be a big seller in these parts since Fiori's is similar and popular.  Was not real hungry and the pizza filled me up so did not get a chance to try the deserts.  They menu has pasta, salads and panini's.  The pasta dishes looked to be popular, at many tables surrounding us.
4	Good food and good service
4	Simply amazing. The selection is great and the food is even better. They have menu items from small creative personal pizzas to full pasta dishes so if you are in the mood for a meal or a snack, this is a great place to go. The food is always delicious and you can tell that personal touch goes into every dish. And for some reason there is a homey kind of feel that really makes it comfortable. Highly recommended.
5	As good as it gets. Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner, it is healthy food in a clean environment that is about to get even better with a new bar.  The staff is great and so is the food.  I like the Panini's and the home made chips. Italian Sausage, Classic Italian, Parmesian Crusted Chicken, Tuscan Chicken, Meatball, they are all great. The wedding soup is also a favorite.  I frequent this place often, probably too much, but I love it!
1	To feed a hungry house full of people helping my husband and I finish our nursery last night (Monday night, not a busy night) I ordered takout - 4 side salads and 2 large pizzas.  I was told it would be ready in about 15 minutes.  20 minutes later, I arrived to pick up my order and was met by who I assumed was the manager and there was no record of my order.  It wasnt ready, it wasn't in process, it was like I had never even called.  I checked my phone to make sure I had called the right restaurant, which I did, and even showed the manager my call log that I had called 27 minutes ago, at that point.  I was given a simple "I'm sorry" and he pulled out an order form ready to place my order again so that I could wait an additional 30 minutes. I left without replacing my order and I called the ever reliable, prompt and delicious Pizza Parma on the way home and my order was delivered in 15 minutes.  For the life of me, I wish I knew who it was that took my order at Italian Oven because no one wanted to own up to the fact that they took my order while I was there at the time.  I understand mistakes happen, but really - how hard is it?  And the lack of apology really put me over the edge.  I will never be going back to this restaurant.
4	Another good spot for pizza, sandwiches and basic Italian food.  There pizza is one of the best in the 'Burgh.  Just about every meal we've had has been very good.  They run specials every day of the week and some monthly.  If you're looking for good Italian food in a casual atmosphere that won't break your wallet this is the place.
4	Never been in before name change. Interior is beautiful. Dark wood and stone. Very warm & inviting. Bottled domestics 3 bucks with a daily special of $2. Well wine at $5 per glass for a generous pour. Apps ordered were coconut shrimp & fried zucchini. Both were tasty with more interesting dipping sauces than the usual. Plated attractively & with a nod to more upscale dining. Hub had lasagna stacks and thought it just okay. But he was expecting cheesy greasy. It was a modern take & I thought it lighter and tasty. His side salad was delicious with roasted red peppers & chickpeas. A cut above the ordinary. I ordered quatro formaggi pizza which had goat cheese & pistachios. We both loved it & he was jealous lol. Bill was a very modest 57 bucks after several drinks, apps & meals. We def will go back. Service was perfect but it wasn't crowded as we there late afternoon. Bathrooms needed a little help - a liitle untidy & auto towel dispenser broken.  Otherwise a great surprise dining experience in Caste Village.
4	My wife and I went to Gianna Via's on 1/13/13 for a date night.  We were seated with no wait and drinks/menus were brought promptly.  We ordered the garlic bread pizza for an appetizer and I was pleasantly surprised at how big the portion was.  We actually only ate half and took the rest home.  I ordered the prime rib salad and my wife ordered the chicken marsala.  I also ordered a large yeungling draft, but the waitress was nice enough to point out that they were running a special on another size, which saved us some money on the bill.  The food came and we were not disappointed.  The salad was large and had quality greens, no iceberg lettuce.  The meat was also good, as were the dressing and other toppings.  My wife's marsala was not a huge portion, but it tasted great and was very filling.The experience was great until it came time for the bill.  We had been finished eating for approximately 30 minutes and our waitress had not returned.  She had been given a large table and was preoccupied with taking care of them.  After another 15 minutes, I went to the bar to ask for takeout boxes and went to the hostess table to get our bill.  They had to track down our waitress so that we could pay (I think the owner had to track her down).  We were able to then pay, but nobody really apologized for the wait or offered anything in return.Overall the restaurant is a great value and a nice atmosphere with great quality food.  I was just disappointed in how long it took to get our bill and pay.  We will definitely return again.
