3	Considering it's inside an airport, this Chili's isn't that bad. They have enough TV's to satisfy a small audience and the food is . . . average. For what they charge, it's not great, but not awful. The points they score are for comfort. In all the hustle and bustle of dealings at the airport, they have managed to create a nice little escape from all that, albeit overpriced and corporationy.
3	In Terminal 4, one of the few quiet sit down places to eat and quite a large seating area.  I ordered the appy sampler and they gave me extra celery since the hot wings were really hot.  Around $10.Many more restuarants and shopping in this terminal compared to the rest.  Easy to get to Terminals with the free airport shuttle.
2	I really am not a Chili's fan, but for dinner this was the best of all my options while I waited for my flight.  Thanks for seeming super annoyed that I was your customer, waiter.  And for literally flinging my paper napkin wrapped silverware at me.  Right into my face.  That was awesome.  At least you realized it quick enough and apologized, but you should have never done that in the first place.
3	The husband and I decided to take the lightrail to the airport to have some dinner and people watch.  I was having a craving for the honey chipotle chicken crispers so we thought Chili's would be great.  Unfortunately they don't have a full menu at this location, which really disappointed me, but I should have expected that.  The food is typical Chili's quality, which I am always satisfied with.  Our waiter was surprisingly competent for this type of location and actually stopped by to get us soda refills and some ranch.  I did no expect that.  If you are stuck waiting around in terminal 4, and that wouldn't be surprising, Chili's is a decent choice.
1	Worst service of any Chilis restaurant.  I've been here multiple times and had near perfect results in being seated and then ignored for a good 10 minutes or so.  On the last occasion, it turns out the server was seated with a patron just a few rows over, having a casual conversation.  Amazing.Menu is limited compared to a regular Chilis, and prices are about the same.  Beer selection is just average, and prices are average with respect to the rest of the airport merchants.
5	Wow!  This Chili's was better than the one at 16th St and Camelback. Appetizers came out lightning fast and the service was very quick.  Under 30 mins in and out.  We'll be stopping here again next time we fly!
3	Food is a little pricer than standard Chili's, but it's in an airport so that's expected. Service was good, food came out quickly and to order. Be sure to stop by before you head through security.
1	From the time you walk into this place - the hostess was running at about .25 speed. We got Myke with a "y" as our server. the interaction with Myke and then his manager were that of people that don't even care. Service is horrible!I can't believe with 14,000,000 out of work Chili's Too can't find better employees. We left and I won't go back on my frequent trip through Phoenix. Oaxaca across the way had excellent Carne Asada Tacos!
5	Our server was great, ask for Alicia! Our food was really good and of course our drinks hit the spot. Off to Texas!
1	I guess the food was OK for airport food... if it were 1985.  How do you make a burger both burned AND cold at the same time??? They've perfected the art.  Terrible burger... 10.00Soggy fries... includedBitter Iced Tea... 2.00Air sickness for the first time ever... PricelessAs an aside, I had my credit card number used several times after my visit to this location.  It may be a coincidence, but both my wife and I had an uneasy feeling while we were leaving the restaurant.
2	This review will be short because I didn't actually get to eat here. I walked in with 30 minutes until I needed to get through security. For 5 minutes no one sat me even though I got plenty of looks. For 10 minutes no one took my order. 15 minutes after that my food did not arrive. I walked out and told the hostess sorry but I just can't stay. The menu is very unhealthy, they have like 4 healthy items denoted by a chili symbol. None of them looked that appetizing. If I were you, I would get through security and find another place to eat. I was on a day trip to Phoenix and had planned on getting lunch at the airport. Since I didn't get to eat here and my plane took over an hour to board (I know! Insane!! Full flight, too many carry on bags and first time travelers.) I was STARVING by the time I got to LA. It really sucked.
2	Good quality food. But terribly slow service.  I know there is something they can do. The hostess actually took our order - thank god because the guy responsible was really slow and seemed new. They should do more to train there people.
2	This restaurant is barely acceptable. I've always had trouble getting seated as there is never any hostess on duty. The food is barely edible sometimes. The service is slow and inattentive. Chili's is known for bad food and poor service in many cities. I've seen many locations close down for this reason. I wonder how much longer this one will continue. After several tries at their breakfast I no longer eat here.
3	Been here twice during my recent trip to Phoenix.The first time was when I first arrived.  Hung out here while my roomie and I were waiting for the other parties to arrive.  The long wait was making me moody.  Thanks to my roomie's quick thinking...we headed here for lunch and drinks.  *Hi, everyone!  I love yoooooou!*The second time was when we were all flying back home.  Lunch was alright.  My chicken sandwich was dry.  The waitservice could have been improved or teamed up.  It was the total opposite from the first visit.  A classic Dr. Jekyl and Mr. Hyde twilight zone or something like that!Chili's Too...at an airport....should have thought ahead about luggages.  It's a challenge to come in with your luggage and trying to navigate around other people's luggages in the aisles to your table.  Otherwise, it's just chaotic.Looks like Chili's Too at an airport is only good for drinks.  Stick with that...and only if you have a carry-on.  Otherwise, if you have 20 luggages...move on!  The customers and staff will thank you!
3	They are really proud of there drinks
5	3 stars on any given day, my server PAT made this a fun experience and was the extra 2 stars.  Pat is one of the few people in this world who really enjoys being good at what he does.  I asked him, "how long" and with much joy he replied, "I can get your food in 10-15 minutes".  Sure enough it took 9 minutes.  I value time and in my business my word is everything.  Pat understands this and when I eat here again I will insist on his table.  I recommend you do the same.  ASK FOR PAT!!!Top notch Pat.  Don't ever change.
3	An airport Chilis with pretty much the full Chili's menu and an entirely adequate bar to boot.  Service is hectic, frantic, and overwhelmed, much like the travelers at the airport.  You may experience some delays, but in general everything feels rushed so it is a bit hard to decompress and relax.Food was tasty but like most of Chili's food, it is calorie laden and salty as hell.
1	My wife had salad with tortilla soup, and I had carrabian style grilled chicken salad. Her salad tasted old and the soup tasted like dish soap w/ cheese. My grilled chicken had no flavor. Do I go back....not in a million year.
3	I've been here many times over the past few months and have tried their Appetizer Sampler (Sliders, Artichoke/Spinach Dip, Boneless Wings) and Classic Breakfast (2 Eggs, Toast, Breakfast Potatoes, Bacon) dishes.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fDe1ZAfFfeV70ngBdG9gog?select=DPRfi8hFYN_ep6YxCd7oRwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fDe1ZAfFfeV70ngBdG9gog?select=H0rl4_E86CYMV98m2bVbDAThe food is decent, but not great.  Since Phoenix has very limited food choices at the airport, I like Chili's Too out of all the other options.The service here is borderline terrible though, the employees are not very friendly and their really slow!.....overall, I'd give it 2.5 Stars, but rounding up because I'm in a good mood today.Return Factor - 75%
1	This Chili's is an absolute joke!  I went after a flight while waiting to get picked up from the airport and wanted a drink and to relax for 45 minutes.  First off the waiter was WAAAAAAAAAY too overly friendly.  When he spoke to me he bent down and his face was inches from mine!  It was so uncomfortable!  Next I ordered a "House" Margarita with NO SALT!  I am very specific with ordering no salt because if I wanted to drink Salt Water I would go to the beach.  He brought my Margarita back and surprise surprise it had salt.  When I told him the mistake he got near my face again and said he would take care of it.About 10 seconds later he was back and thought that WOW was really fast!  I assumed he took it from someone else's order or maybe the bar already had some ready, it was 5'oclock on a Friday! When I looked closer there were still a few pieces of salt around the rim and a bunch floating in the water.  The waiter seriously just tried to wipe it off!! Chances are he used a dirty towel too!!I just had to get out of here!  I asked for my bill, and it was $12.  Last time I checked a HOUSE Margarita's are the cheap one!! If you are in Sky Harbor DO NOT GO HERE!!
5	One of the best drinking experiences with a girl I had a slight crush on in good while!...The last time I was in the airport I was cruzin' by myself waiting for My SanFran Week of Naughty back in March. While in terminal 4 I decided to stop in to the bar area of Chili's to get a buzz going before I jumped on the flight. I sat at the end of the bar where there was one guy playing with forks (weird I know but I will explain in a bit) ordered a shot of tequila and a beer. The chick behind the bar laughed at me and changed my order! B!$ch! Right? Wrong she had me order two shots and told me the draft was on the house (well part of the bars special that week) AWESOME! Well me and this other guy started a drunk convo about how well the restaurants are in the different airports. Random... Then of course I got mad about the forks falling every 5 seconds and dropping his salt shaker all over the place. He was trying to impress the chick behind the bar. It was a trick where the two forks floated over the top of a salt shaker. Straight guys... But through all of the sad attempts to get her number she kept wiping down the counter of the salt and filling out drink. As he left he tipped her $20. as I left I only tipped $10 (cheap skate I know) She was awesome though!Chili's recommendation: sit in the bar area. Faster and Friendlier Service!!!
3	For airport food you can't go wrong with chili's! Limited menu but good selections. Good place to pass the time while waiting at the airport which lets face it is always a drag. Mushroom swiss burger was juicy and fresh.
3	Came here for the "final meal" with the now ex. before we parted ways. Food was fine. LOVE their french fries. It was a mini Chili's, nothing was less than expected..except for the personality of our server..It was like he used to work at a real Chili's then did something wrong and was banished here. He went through the motions but seemed like he was contemplating suicide. Not rude, or anything of that nature, just miserable. It was almost laughable.
2	Chili's Too is nothing special. They have many of the same items you'd find at a regular Chili's restaurant but caters to faster items to get people fed and on their way. We ate here earlier in the week and the service and the food were in need of improvement. I would not recommend this place.
2	One of the worst burgers I've ever had.  Overcooked and dry!  A Mc Donald's burger would be better than this.Service was also slow.  After we were seated at our table, we waited about 10 minutes before getting water and a menu!  If you're in a rush to catch your plane, then avoid this place.  If you have time to kill and want a really bad burger, then this is the place.  Otherwise, stay away!
2	While the food and wait staff are relatively good for airports, the host staff is about as bad as they come.  No smiles, move slower than my 99 year old grandma, and she died 10 years ago!  A slow walk to the table, a slap of a wet towel on the table for cleaning and off she goes.  I get stuck with a dripping wet table and a bad taste in my mouth.
5	Good Food and Great Service.
