5	I love this place, the atmosphere is like nothing in Pittsburgh. When I went, it was still chilly so we ate inside but I'll be back soon to eat on the beautiful porch area. Honestly, we were worried about even pulling in because the parking lot looks a crammed, but they have complimentary valet service so you just hop out! Check out the bar area--and bathrooms, both look like something that belong in Beverly Hills. With all of this, I couldn't believe the prices! The prices of the apps and entrees are very reasonable, and the portions are huge I even had leftovers for lunch the next day. I definitely recommend checking this place out, I'll be inquiring for my bridal shower as well.
5	Stopped here on a whim and so glad we did.  We we were greeted by a friendly host and the server was also friendly and welcoming without being overbearing.  We shared the Antipasti platter, everything tasted fresh,  like it was made just for us.  My entree was Orecchiette with rapini and sausage, I enjoyed it very much, the rapani really made this dish pop for me, it was cooked just right and the sausage was flavorful. The NY strip was exactly how my friend ordered it,  it came with a side of saffron herbed whipped potates,  awesome!  The restaurant had a delightful ambiance with live music. Overall we were pleasantly pleased and we have been back twice. The complimentary valet service is a plus too. Highly recommend.
2	Went there on a Friday night with high expectations.  This location has had a lot of turnover in the last several years.  Unfortunately, if things don't change at this location, it will be another short tenure.A plus to start with:  they have a great Antipasta/cured meat plate...really enjoyed it.My wife had the Chicken Diablo which she was really happy with but my son's Chicken Marsala was bland and tasteless.Further, how do you mess up a center cut filet mignon?  Well, let me answer you...first, you send out the steak overcooked.  Then, you make sure the "blue cheese crust" is able to be scraped off with your knife and set it a little pile on the side of the plate.  Lastly, I'm not sure this was even a filet...it was thin and looked like a New York Strip that had been trimmed to look like a filet.Lastly, service was poor.  Waitress was very nice, but often was not around. I'm assuming there was another dining room perhaps?  In any event, in our dining room there were approximately 5-7 tables being served and after an uncomfortably long wait for our entrees, we were told that the kitchen had lost the ticket.  Really?  To their credit, they sent out a small serving of their pasta and it was the best think I ate all night.   I hope they shake out all the issues because it would be nice to have a stable restaurant in this location.
