3	Nestled within the heart of the New York New York Hotel, the Village Eateries consist of a variety of establishment meant to mimic the New York experience.Times Square Hot Dogs, Srichio's Pizza, and Greenberg's Deli are among the highlights for one of the best food courts in Las Vegas.  The foot long hot dogs are great here!
3	We walked from treasure island to nyny for a hot dog. The woman who took our order was so sweet. She gave us a free drink and chips. I got a plain hot dog with onions and ketchup an my boyfriend got a hot dog with cheese bacon and onions. Good, cheap, simple place. Not a lot of seating though.
1	My husband and I were staying at the NYNY and were looking for something quick to eat while we were waiting for the shuttle to come take us to the airport. To be honest I was not expecting too much but come one. The buns were stale! They fell apart they were so hard and it was like eating a saltine cracker. Yuck. The hotdogs were ok nothing special which I expected more from NY. For condiments all they had were packets which was disappointing because the only way to hide the nastiness of the bun was to soak it in ketchup or mustard.  The onions were not fresh either. As far as customer service goes the lady was slow as hell and looked like she would rather be anywhere else but there. The place was not even busy yet she managed to move like molasses in winter time. This place was a big disappointment and next time I am looking for food on the go in Vegas I will not go here.
3	Simple and plain foot long hot dog for $3.95 +tax (same price as Greenberg's Deli), which is a pretty decent deal that works as a snack for 2.The bun is sometimes a bit stale, there's really no way around that. You can also request some free diced onions and there's plenty of condiments and utensils. Seating is plenty and everywhere.This place has some odd hours, but it's open during lunch for sure.
3	Foot Long Hot dogs?Why the heck not.. Simple... stand there, order your foot long hot dog, and step to the right and pick up! Go across and sit at the little cute area and enjoy! Cashier was kinda rude... my friend asked for pickles she wouldn't give it to her and she started to give attitude... Oh well.... Hot dog was decent, nothing special... just A-ok
3	I ate here for a snack after dinner the other night with a friend.  While I wasn't really hungry, who could resist the opportunity to eat a foot long Reuben hotdog with pastrami?  Neither my friend nor I could and so we ended up splitting one.  Overall I was impressed with it and found it to be tasty although the pastrami seemed to add very little to the dish.  The idea itself is a bit bizarre but all seemed to work together.The bottom line for me is that I might stop back here in the future if I wanted a snack.  The odd combination that I had was enough to draw me in and I wouldn't mind trying something else next time.
1	On the plus side its quick and easy. On the negative side its quick and easy. Hot dog bun came apart as soon as I went to pick it up. The roasted peppers and onions on my bratwurst were soggy, bland and pretty much uneatable. Ended up just eating the brat which was decent. Wouldnt come here again. There are enough little food shops in the NY NY hotel and casino, there must be something (Anything) better.
1	The hot dog was big and long. Probably a good 10 inches. Seems like a good deal when you first get it. However, it turned out to be ridiculously salty & soggy. It was so bad that I just stopped eating after two bites. Rarely do I ever not finish, but it was just that bad. Guess size isn't everything!
3	Came here to have a quick meal before a show. I ordered the chili& cheese dog ($5.95). Although not the best chili dog I've ever had, it was still very yummy.  My only hopes is that it would have had onions on top and been like a regular sized hot dog and not this 12 inch thing! Still enjoyed it and finished it all. Two people can definitely share this for a small snack :-)
3	Hungry after long hours of gambling I just couldn't wait for food. I needed to eat.  I seen the bad reviews but thought how could they mess up a dog. Maybe some people are just to critical of these places.  It was a hot dog, it was good for what it was.  Quick, fast and easy.
