5	Just got a cruiser bike from here and love it! I wanted a white frame with pink wheels and a brown seat. When we first walked in, they didn't have it, but the owner was able to switch some things out and make it work.He took a white frame that had blue stickers and took off the stickers for me. Then switched out the wheels for the pink ones I wanted and also switched out the white seat to the brown one.Was exactly what I wanted!Awesome service and bike selection at good prices.
5	Absolutely love this little place.  Support your local guys!  Nice bikes, wonderful customer service.
5	Absolutely the very best place to purchase a bicycle! Scott only sells quality merchandise, takes the time to carefully assemble each bike and personally fits that bike to your frame size for effortless riding pleasure. Please don't waste your time with a mega mart bicycle that may discourage you from all the great riding here in AZ.I called Scott after hours and he is available by appointment.Thank you Scott for our pretty new bikes!!!Bob Newsom
5	Great bike shop with and super helpful owner that takes the time to work with you I have personally purchased 3 bikes from Scott....need I say more!!!
5	This is a great place to by your beach cruisers!! Very helpful and friendly. Made sure we were comfortable with everything. Making adjustments to fit our bikes to us. Prices are reasonable and they warranty the goods.
5	Amazing place to get your cruiser!!!! Deborah & Scott are helpful and super friendly!! My experience was great and I LOVE my bike!!!!
5	Just Love Arizona Wholesale Bikes. I recently returned to the store 3 months after my purchase and there was no problem getting my ajustments made. It was done in a timely matter and no charge. I did buy the LED lights and am so happy I came back for them. Thanks for the great service and keep up the good work.
4	best place to buy a bike in AZ.
5	Great bike selection and EXCELLENT customer service.  I went to 3 warehouse type locations and HANDS DOWN this place is the best (trust me, don't waste your time elsewhere).  The bike selection was great and all bikes were ready to test drive (one warehouse I went to the bikes were wrapped in plastic and the tires were flat - who buys a bike without being able to test drive it?!).  The customer service surpassed anyone else - very knowledgeable, helpful, patient and put all my accessories (that I purchased there - front/back light, cup holder, bike lock, basket, bike bell, and AWESOME colored lights for my wheels) right there in store.  I will be a repeat customer for sure.  LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	We wouldn't go anywhere else! I bought my beach cruiser here, the owners switched out the seat for me and made sure height was correct. Very friendly and knowledgeable.  Support this local Gilbert business!
5	Great deals on parts. Searched the web for wheels for my bike, but couldn't find what i wanted for the price i could afford to pay. Called AZ Wholesale Bikes, they ordered them, i picked them up a week later. Thanks for the great service!!!
2	This place is pretty much a home garage style business tucked away in a side commercial building selling Micargi Walmart bikes. I found them on Craigs List and decided to take a look last week after visiting many other bicycle shops looking for the perfect bike. Hey, if you want to purchase a cheap Walmart bike sold out of a makeshift shop, then this might be your place.  They had a small work table scattered with tools, no computer and it looked very unorganized. Defiantly does not look like not a typical service bike shop with no building sinage except for a sticker on the window. Their Craigs list ad advertised check us out on Yelp and I did.
5	Scott was awesome! Got a new bike today and love it! Awesome selection of beach cruisers. Great experience, happy camper!!!
5	Place is amazing !!! All shapes and colors for your beach cruiser needs !! I called and needed a last minute Bday gift , they stayed open and made a Bday wish happen , great  customer service , that local feeling . I will definitely be going back !!! Thank You
5	a big thanks to jim & bridget!!!hands down the best steeet cruzer on the market!!!cant wait till i buy mine!!
5	Great bike shop. Super easy to work with,  very friendly and helpful!! Great selection of bicycles.
5	SO incredibly pleased with my experience here. I bought a beautiful beach cruiser for my boyfriend for Christmas (on Christmas Eve! My bad for procrastinating but SO happy they were open and friendlier than ever). The bike is solid, looks great and rides smooth, good quality parts. They hooked me up with both Yelp deals, discounted accessories for buying the bike there, and even helped me load everything into my car! Their customer service is outstanding. Not to mention, he even called me AFTER I left because he realized he accidentally gave me the wrong discount amount. It was only a $10 difference but it really shows the quality of honest, trustworthy service you will get here. I HIGHLY recommend this local Gilbert bike shop!!Thanks for everything! PS my boyfriend LOVES his new bike! The Kroozie was the perfect touch :)
