5	This is a business that is doing a lot for the community. Real Eyes is highly involved in the Charlotte Literary Festival, promoting literacy  www.charlotteliteraryfestival.com . They have a great selection of new and used books. Nikki Giovanni was a guest author last year. They host many interesting and attention-worthy events. I haven't been here in awhile and it seems like it has grown since I last visited. Some places easily fade from memory once I leave- but I have regularly remembered this place as one to get back to.
3	This place has a lot to offer.  They have a lot of events and things to bring in the people, and they are active in the community.  It's a lot of fun to see what all is going on in here.  Definitely one to see for yourself.
3	I found a gem here in this used bookstore for only three dollars, Augustine Burrough's, A Clockwork Orange.  I have to say that this was the only gem I was able to find.  Maybe I just didn't look hard enough, but there were way too many sci-fi books in the fiction section.  What is great about Realeyes is that since they are a used bookstore, there selection is always changing, so I will return.  The woman at the counter was a sweet quiet girl who wasn't the least bit disturbed when I requested a pen to write down a few of the authors in my notebook while I browsed the shop.  If you are into New Age or Spiritual books there is a special section for these titles.  They also have wi-fi and coffee in the back.
4	I'm a book woman, and I often feel guilty about how I'm contributing to the demise of cool little book stores by buying so much on Amazon or other online outlet. Real Eyes has the cure for the ailing small bookstore.It's got enough character to get your attention...enough character to get me up off my couch, out from in front of the laptop, and into the store. They have a great selection of all kinds of books, and best of all, they are striving to create a real strong sense of community. From the Charlotte Literary Festival to the other events and readings that they schedule throughout the year, they're doing a great job of encouraging our town to pay attention to word culture.
3	For a fairly small store, Real Eyes seemed to have a good selection of books. Next I'll have to check out one of their events or try the baked goods at their in-store cafe. They also have computers that you can use to access the Internet for $5 an hour. My friend and I got a kick out of this because we hadn't seen an Internet cafe in a while.
5	Real Eyes is a hidden gem in the entertainment mecca of NoDa.  Being a librarian, I'm surprised that I hadn't hit this place up sooner.  I now realize that I was missing out.  The store is smallish, but remarkably "balanced" between fiction, non-fiction, and children's books.  No piles of Harlequins or "vintage" Stephen King paperbacks here; they have some real gems.  Non-fiction trade paperbacks run between $4-$7 (I was mostly browsing current events/sociology/cultural studies).  Near the entrance, there is a section of decent discount books for $1-including some items on my bucket-list reading list (but mostly Rush Limbaugh's "See, I Told You So" and "Joined at the Heart" by Al & Tipper Gore).  The clerk was quite friendly; she greeted me when I entered the store and later we had a robust discussion about our reading interests.  Its always refreshing to chat with bookstore employees who don't loathe their customers.  Other bookstores may have better selections (or atleast more books), but the stellar customer service gives Real Eyes 5 stars.
4	Real Eyes is my favorite used bookstore in Charlotte. It's got a nice balance of fiction and nonfiction, with a surprisingly rounded stash of art and photography. And their prices are ridiculously low--most times even lower than marked on the book covers. The owner is really helpful and friendly, and the tea/coffee guy is always willing to talk about health and food fads.
