5	Glad to have happened upon what really is a destination cafe for the freshest soups, sandwiches and friendly service.  Really, really good sausage sandwich with braised spinach and super roll.  A lentil soup (ordinarily not my favorite...too often gruel-like and mushy) which was filled with rough-cut veggies, fully cooked but firm lentils and a beautiful clear broth.   Daylight and sky pouring through the facade, gracious personnel.  When I met the chef owner, who walked the length of the cafe to serve me, I said what immediately came to mind: "You obviously know what you're doing and love what you're doing."  But don't take my word for it.  Go there.
5	Great food, friendly service, family friendly, an excellent spot for lunch!
5	Just what we were looking for!  After trekking over to Notre Dame in the hot sun this past weekend, we were both weary and looking for some lunch before heading home to Vermont.  We were looking for something that was casual, inexpensive, not necessarily the full server experience but definitely something local and not a chain.  We stumbled upon Cafe Pave and were pleased with the menu outside so we wandered in.  We ordered two of the lunch specials - a sandwich with either the soup or a side salad and a drink for $9.99 + tax.  We both got the pulled pork sandwichs (the Monteray and the Osako, I believe) and side salads.  The Monteray, in particular, was AMAZING and we both loved the dijon dressing for the salads.  The breads for the sandwiches were just lovely - almost an English muffin consistency with a firm exterior.  We loved it.  The interior of the cafe was casual but fun and we the chalkboard paint on the walls in the back and bathrooms where patrons could leave quotes or comments was quite clever.  The service was very friendly as well and our dishes were brought to us promptly.  I bet this place is quite popular with the work crowd!We took a business card and will definitely be back when we are in town again!
4	Quite possibly the perfect lunch experience for a local business-person.  If you are a tourist and you crave an excellent sandwich..try this place instead of Titanic which is always lined up...for good reason...but try Pave...it's eye-openingly good.
4	sandwiches are GREAT and full of flavor....soups are BAD. just order the chips. Great options for vegetarians and their ingredients are high quality. Employees are super friendly.
4	Great little place for a quick bite! Also the only place I've seen that has gluten free bread, which was a selling point for me. I had a veggie sandwich on the GF bread, which was delicious, although seeing as how the gf bread is on the small side, the sandwich wasn't exactly large. My boyfriend's sandwich (Buenos Aires) on regular baguette was a more standard lunch sandwich portion, in my opinion. Your sandwich also comes with a soup or a salad, and for $9-$11 that's definitely one of the best deals I've seen for a meal in Montreal.  Great spot if you are looking to save a little money but still have a tasty meal!
5	the beshtttttt!!! sandwiches i have had....pulled pork sandwich was awsomeeee....meat soooo tender....i felt cheated when i learnt that they are closed on weekends....why would you wanna even close down such a place....Jealous of all the folks who work near this place and eat at this joint again and again....I was visiting Montreal and i am happy to have stumbled over this location...
5	I have to say, the owner of this place has his menu down.  For those of us with gluten allergies, he has a dedicated menu to let us know which sandwiches can be safely made gluten free and which ones risk cross contamination.  Regrettably, the soup side is not gluten free (although so easily made that way), but I'm seriously happy to be able to eat these delicious sandwich creations. Absolutely love the athena sandwich -- plenty of feta and fresh vegetables.Come enjoy a meal here, celiacs and gluten intolerants! :)
3	Tasty, but the pulled pork had the mouthfeel of salmon salad. Kind of weird. The ambience is good, and the location is convenient to the business district.  For the location prices are very reasonable, but portions are small so don't expect a filling meal.
