4	Yet another welcome addition to the Downtown Las Vegas dining scene. This little Salvadoran place serves plenty of dishes cafeteria style. I have not tried any of that yet. It's all about the papusas so far. Outer bread cooked just right soft in the middle, a little crisp on the edge, the filling is so fine it almost melts in your mouth. I have tried the pork, and chicken, both are excellent. Then there is the curtido, a lightly fermented slaw to top off your papusa...this stuff comes straight from the heavens. A complex mix of flavors from slightly spicy to mild flavors all in one explosive bite. They bring you large containers of the stuff to your table that you just pull as you need. Minimal English is spoken here which is part of the charm, the staff is very willing to work the gringos (a little bad Spanish from me and a little bad English from them gets the job done), and the service is genuinely friendly. A clean atmosphere and "patio" seating make this place a winner. Oh, 2 papusas=$3.25 Whoa! Nellie, fill your belly.
4	I continue to think this place is a winner for cheap eats. The more I am there, the more I likey. Additional observations I have noticed during previous visits include this place looking VERY clean. Let's face it, there are plenty of restaurateurs from other countries that have not really grasped the concept of good hygiene and cleanliness when it comes to daily food operations. This place almost sparkles...restrooms included. It looks like they have made an attempt to also clean up the exterior of their little slice of downtown heaven....grass has been planted, little peonies planted around a palm tree, white picket fence with additional landscaping planted that frame the patio dining area, all of these little touches make for a feel of an owner really trying to make a difference in our part of the hood. The papusas continue to rock the house! I have tried some of their other cafeteria style offerings. I am digging the fried plantains, not really that sweet, served with a sour cream that perfectly compliments the tains. Others I have been here with have freaked on how good they are. There is also some kind of chicken soup that has a soulful flavorful broth. Broiled (?) chicken pretty good too. Generally speaking I am not a beans and rice kind of guy, so I'm not a fan there, but that is certainly a personal preference, not a slam of their offerings in that arena. People familiar with this area are full aware of the abundance of degenerate types that lumber through the area. These owners don't put with any bullshit from these folks. On 2 occasions I have seen them personally remove drifters from their premises. They do it quietly and with dignity to those being 86'd. Bravo on both fronts. Also some fairly decent Latin tunes being played on the flat screen. My least favorite thing about Amanecer is that it is 7-11 bright, they could remove about every other florescent bulb in the place as far as I'm concerned. This place is yet another little gem emerging on the downtown scene.
5	For the win! I was wondering, aimlessly you might say, in the general direction of downtown from the strip when, hungry for something other than a $5.99 "prime rib special," I found Amanecer Salvadoreno.I had never had Salvadorian food. Clearly, that was a mistake on my part, because everything I had at Amanecer Salvadoreno was amazing.Salty pulled pork with eggs, fried plantains, pupusa, fried corn things, all washed down with a tasty Salvadorian soda? Ahhh... I'm still not clear on exactly I had is called because of the language barrier, but that's all part of the adventure.
4	I sure hope you can speak Spanish when you go to this place!  Damn the gringo for trying to order in English!  Luckily, I'm a fat kid and I know the spanish words for food so I was able to make it out with my pork n cheese pupusas.  They were pretty good.  I want to try some other stuff on the menu...I guess it'll be like russian roulette..(.er salvadorean roulette?) since there isnt an actual menu...just pics of about 6 things with no explanation of what's in it!
5	I moved to Vegas from California where the best salvadorian restaurants would be.when I moved to Las Vegas and it was hard to find a good place to eat delicious salvadorian food.when I stumbled across this place u fell in LOVE!.Its by far one of the best I've eaten at.I recommend this place to anyone who loves central american food.good variety of food and I fell in love with the pupusas.one word to describe is YUMMY:)
5	In a town full of fakes . . . Paris, New York, Egyptians, Romans, Elvi (plural for Elvis?), breasts . . . finally something authentic.  I mean right down the middle of the fucking plate authentic . . . Welcome to Amanecer Salvadoreno . . . situated in a little strip mall in a part of downtown Las Vegas filled with Salvadoreno business . . . the restaurant, a health food store, a market and a beauty salon . . . clean.  Forget about your English here as, well it is not spoken here . . . and don't go there asshole . . . within the boundaries of every non-English speaking immigrant neighborhoods you always hear the language of their country of origin.  The cleanliness of the entire strip center speaks to the pride that they are here forging a new life.  But hey, I am here to tell you about the food.  Well, I love it so much that I have eaten there 2 days in a row for lunch.  fried yucca, rice &  black beans, a rocking slightly fermented cole slaw, kimchee light so to speak, chicherones, and PUPUSAS . . . yeah that is right PUPUSAS . . . a hybrid between quesedillas and empanadas filled on this day with either a pulverized black bean filling or shredded chicherones . . . OMG . . . I only ate here and the VooDoo restaurant at the Rio  and let me tell you this . . . my lunches at Amanecer Salvadoreno averaged $6.00 over the 2 days including a drink while my dinner at the VooDoo Steakhouse, read my review of that experience,  ran me $90 including tip and guess which meal was more satisfying . . . come on say it . . . Amanecer Salvadoreno . . . I know and even though I communicated with my Portuguese corrupted Spanish even the service was more genuine at Amanecer . . . no shit . . . no bullshit . . . they just wanted me to enjoy the meal.  What it lacked in view, contrived coolness and arrogance when compared to much of the other offerings in Las Vegas it more than makes up for with just authentic flavors true to its heritage delivered in a clean oasis in downtown Las Vegas with a smile by people that care more for being authentic and that you enjoy.  Please set aside your fears, just try to communicate in any manner you can and enjoy an authentic experience filled with flavor and value.  Gracias ,mis amigos de Amanecer Salvadoreno . . . See you next week . . . a few times . . . I will bring my new friends to experience your world.
4	Thanks Yelpers!Made a trip to Amanecer on a Saturday morning.  There aren't menus.  Just pictures of five or six food items.  I forget.I walked up to the cash register, the cute girl asked ?Como estas?All I had was "no habla Espanol" and a gesture in the general direction of the pupusa picture.  "Dos pupusas, por favor."The pupusas were fabulous.  Just fabulous.  Not so sure about the plastic jug of fermented carrots and other assorted vegetables.  I ate a couple of tongfulls anyway.  When in Rome.The cute girl refilled my soda and checked on me periodically, even though I pretty much snarfed the pupusas.Everyone was very friendly.  Even the patrons smiled at me and said, "Good day, sir!"  I fired back with a "Buenos dias, senor/senora"Would be five stars if they had menus.  In fairness, maybe I just didn't know how to ask for a menu.  .
4	Everybody should try a pupusa at least once in their life!  How can I best describe one?  Well how about you think of a fat tortilla filled with stuffing?  That should give you the mental image in your head.  Generally I order them from Las Pupusas on the north side of town but when I heard about Amanecer (to wake up) in my ongoing quest to try every restaurant for lunch downtown, I figured it was a no brainer I'd come for the pupusas and boy did I make the right choice!This is a rather small place with an atmosphere that doesn't really stand out.  I asked what type of pupusas they had and they had the standards; cheese, beans, chicharron (pork), or revuelto (mixed, your choice).  I had the cheese and cheese/chicharron mix.  I also ordered horchata to drink although it's completely different from the Mexican horchata you would typically find at say Cardenas.  For some it may be better since it's not as rich.  The pupusas themselves were delicious, just make sure to put the cabbage and the tomato sauce on top as they definitely add to the flavor (like a taco!).  Also two pupusas is a good enough size for a meal.  This place feels and tastes authentic to me so that's always a huge plus.  I talked with the staff in Spanish, but they seem to be fine in regards to English as well.  In the future I may try out their other menu items but really when a pupusa is available why would you?Oh yeah, and they do have $0.99 pupusas on Tuesdays!
4	Great pupusas and you can order one plate and easily share with your buddy!   Flavorful,fresh, and owned and run by delightful people.   True, it is in an area that is not. In the tour books but really good home.cooking takes it!   We stopped in four times during this visit to Sin City and found a welcome respite from all of the neon and glitz.
1	Terrible experience, their restaurant was so dirty, that I felt a bit discussed to eat there. their floor was almost black, their table super dirty and  yeap.. I even got a hair on my food... they do offer an extend menu, but truly the entire place looks like the have a very poor hygiene.  their stuff was not very friendly and their whole ordering system was a bit disorganized.
3	Small restaurant located on the outside skirts of Las Vegas. Map quest it for directions, a few minutes away. Authentic Salvadorian food that will not hurt your wallet. Really good tamales and fresh water. Yelp says it's closed on Sundays but you will be surprised to find it open. :)
4	Almost next door to Viva Las Arepas and Art of Flavors, Amanecer Salvadoreno is worth a try!Started off with the Platano ($2.95) aka Fried plantains. Delicious! Sugary sweet with the caramelized outsides.  If you have had this dish before, you know exactly what to expect :)I ordered two Pupusas ($1.75ea). Filled with Pork, beans & cheese. These were good but even better with the cabbage/coleslaw & hot sauce on top!  Like a stuffed fluffy tortilla of sorts.And of course, I had to try the Yuca Frita O Cocida ($6.95). I LOVE Yuca frita and this was an excellent version. Their chicharon was a bit on the dry end...wish it was fresher/juicier.  I still think you will enjoy this!I am sure I will be back again :)
5	I'm a complete pupusa-holic! I've tried out many different restaurants around town, some are great, others are "meh". As I've said before, I work downtown and I always make it my mission to visit the small, hole in the wall restaurants. Now, the restaurant itself is in a sketchy neighborhood right across the street from the Jack In The Box, but don't let that deter you.I called and placed an order on the phone for pick up since I didn't want to wait too long. The person who took my order over the phone was very friendly and courteous. Note: I did order in Spanish, and I'm actually not sure if they are fluent in English. I ordered two pupusas revueltas (cheese, pork, beans) for $1.75 each, cheap eats! I got  to the restaurant and I was in and out withing 5 minutes, it was 10 past 12 and it was pretty busy so I'm glad I placed my order over the phone. I drove back to the office and opened up my box of goodness. The pupusas looked so perfect and tasted heavenly! They did include curtido (cabbage/carrots/oregano /vinegar) and the salsa. A lot of places tend to make the curtido a bit overpowering and the salsa too watery, but not here. Both were equally perfect! I will be back to try their platanos and yuca frita.
2	Food was good but expensive for the amount of food you get. No prices at all so you basically guessing. No soft drink just three kids of drinks and fridge with cold drinks. Overall not satisfied 30 bucks on two lunch meals and three pupusas. Too much oh and also no menus at all!!!!
