3	Very nice staff but the hair removal does hurt, ouch
1	I would give this place zero stars if I could...I purchased a package of Zerona treatments (guaranteed to take inches off your waistline...not). I went in with the intention of purchasing a treatment for my stomach and got talked into buying an additional treatment for my arms. I was hesitant to do so because I had a suspicion that this treatment would be totally bogus. However the sales girl Jade, promised that it would if I followed the intensive list of directions you must follow while getting treated (including not drinking coffee, alcohol, exercising for a half hour every day, taking a $60 dollar supplement, drinking half of your weight in water, etc.). Well folks, I followed every single direction and guess what? I LOST EXACTLY ZERO INCHES. I wasn't upset at the outcome as I figured anything that promises extreme inch loss is more likely than not to be bogus. However, I did become upset when after my failed stomach treatment I asked to be refunded for my arm treatment and they refused! They told me that the two treatments were purchased as a package and because I was given "special pricing" I could not get my money back for a treatment I know doesn't work. Special pricing my a$$, one of their sales techniques is to pretend like you're getting a great deal, but it took one or two times back in to realize that EVERYONE GETS "SPECIAL" pricing. Also, the contract you sign is very misleading, I read that you could be refunded for unused treatments, but really they will give you credit towards some other stupid treatment I don't want. As far as the staff, they're really super nice on your consultation visit...but that ends the minute you sign your money away. DO NOT WASTE YOUR HARD-EARNED MONEY HERE! It would be better spent being set on fire, at least that way your time will not be wasted too.
4	I love this place! The staff is wonderful and they make you feel totally comfortable! They know what their doing and will answer any questions you possibly have; I had a ton! Laser treatment isn't a peach but it's fast and totally worth it.
5	Love this place, love the staff, love my results! The staff are very experienced and knowledgable. And come to find out, the girl who did my injections here, was actually the instructor previously to the nurse who had been doing my injections elsewhere before. I'm a bit sensitive with facial injections, and they took steps to ensure it was as painless as possible. I'm very pleased with my switch and recommend them all the time to friends and family now
