2	I prefer Harkins to AMC or any other theater, but I hate this location. I admit, this is where I see most movies, but only because it's SO close to my house. If it weren't, I'd make the trip elsewhere or go to an AMC. Here's the problem: All the annoying kids and ghetto 20-somethings come to this theater and talk all through the movie. My biggest pet peeve that has gotten WAY out of control is people who have to check their cell phones or have texting conversations during the middle of the movie. To me, the bright, glowing phone screens are so distracting. These problems seem to be more prevalent at this theater than any other. Bottom line: Try another Harkins.
3	I almost never see movies here, even though I've lived within a couple miles for my entire life.  It's a bit ghetto, although the facility itself is not too bad in terms of cleanliness, smell, staff, etc.  There's really nothing around here to do before or after, so I pretty much have always either gone straight home after or hit the road.
1	I don't like Harkins. I also don't like Bell Road. Perhaps that's why I dislike this theater. I've found that Harkins theaters basically suck in comparison to the stadium seating AMC has to offer. This theater is consistently crowded, and dominated by bummish teenagers with nothing better to do. Oh, and the employees wear goofy uniforms.
4	I like this theater.  I have to admit that I make an effort to go during the first showing or during the week.  I miss a lot of the "culture" that is present in the other reviews.  I find that the employees are very welcoming and friendly, the building is well maintained and the theatres/bathrooms are clean.  Also, the dollar drink cup is a nice value.  This is FYI only and has nothing to do with the review; Shutter Island was a good film.  I liked it almost as much as the book.
3	Good theater with on par service.  Friendly smiles all around, and young people who actually do their jobs!  They work hard to keep the theater's clean, and patrons actually help out (most take their trash otu with them -- who'da thunk that one?)  Overall, a family friendly movie theater with easy access for disabled patrons.  Pricey, but heck -- isn't that the case with all theaters these day (Anyone remember when you could get into the movies for under a buck?  Agh!  I am dating myself...I digress.)  Tip - save some $$ and buy your tickets through AAA.  Discount tickets are good for most shows, except for special engagement viewings.
3	The main reason for coming to this theater is the location, it's the closest Harkins by our house. I also love the $1 refill souvenir cups! The chairs are pretty comfy but I must say AMC's are much better. The employees are nice/friendly. It's not the cleanest theater, but I wouldn't say it's dirty. The bathrooms are ok, kind of a mess at times. I have noticed they tend to encounter technical difficulties often. A few months back we went to go see The Other Guys & during previews the manager came in saying they were working on fixing the screen. There were doubles of everything, kinda like we were all drunk. Well 10 minutes later she came back saying they weren't able to fix it. WTF!? They gave each person 2 free passes & said we could go see another movie playing if we wanted to. We were already there & everything so we saw Dinner For Schmucks, awful movie! Then, this past Friday we went to go see Due Date (awesome movie, hilarious!). It was near the last 10-15 minutes of the movie & all of a sudden the sound went out! Luckily, the picture was fine so we could see what was happening but again WTF!? The manager came in while they stopped the movie & said they aren't able to "rewind" the movie so everyone would get 1 free pass, pretty sweet considering we did see the movie & only missed a minute or 2.
4	It's not the best theater I've been to but it's very convenient. It's not stuck in a crowed mall where there is no parking, it's pretty much almost by itself. With 16 theaters they have a pretty good selection, and the place is kept pretty clean. The only complaint is that they snack bar staff is ungodly slow, we were happy to have gotten to the theater 10min before the show started and sat down 5min into previews because we were waiting for the order. All I have to say about Harkins though is that if you see a lot of movies it is totally worth it to buy the cup and the shirt, we never wear the shirt or even take it out of its package, but it still gets us cheap drinks and free popcorn!
3	The Good: The good thing about this theater is the stadium seating. That is, the seats are placed higher than the seats immediately in front of them, so everyone has unobstructed views of the screen. Although most theaters are going to this style of seating, not all Harkins theaters have done so. Even though there is a theater closer to me (Shea 14), I don't mind driving the extra few miles to get to North Valley just for the comfort of their stadium seating. I especially love getting there early enough to score their front row of their "balcony" seats. These seats offer the added benefit of being able to put your feet up on the front row metal bars. The chairs rock back a little too. The combination of a completely unobstructed view, slightly reclining seats, and being able to put my feet up make it a pretty awesome way to watch a movie on the big screen. The Bad: There's something seriously wrong with the concession stand here. I'm not just referring to the outrageous cost of food and beverage. Heaven knows, all theaters have that in common. It seems to me that the employees at this particular concession stand are especially inept. They are slow, they are inefficient, and they are often clueless. I recently gave the employee my "empty Harkins 2011 refillable value cup" and asked for a Diet Coke. He stared at me blankly and asked, "Did you want the Diet Coke in the cup?" Additionally, it seems that the lines take longer than other Harkins theaters I've visited. And it's consistently so, almost to the point of being painful. I'm not talking about a couple of times; it's been bad on at least ten visits. Almost to the point where I either don't buy any concessions because I become too impatient or I just smuggle in my own drinks and treats.
4	So let's see when I can't make it to the I-PIC at the Scottsdale Quarter....or feel like going to the Scottsdale Six drive-in....or the picture show right near my apt....or the new Ultra & Star Class Cinemas also in Scottsdale....This is my last resort theatre and it doesn't disappoint. I have always had a pleasant experience here....comfortable....clean...quiet....and the staff is great. I don't like tons of people around me when I want to see a movie I REALLY WANT TO SEE....so that is why I go to the other locales first. However again this is a great last resort if I have to go see a movie here. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
3	I'm a passionate Shop Local gal and Harkins Theatres is one of my choices for my 10% shift. Not only am I supporting my local businesses but they are less expensive than AMC, the facilities are cleaner and they are committed to growing their workforce which of course means at times the new kids aren't as efficient as some others. this is my local theatre and we attend something almost every week.
4	I like most things about this theater.  I'm a fan of Harkins theatres, and avoid AMC as often as I can.This location is relatively new, Easy to get your tickets, get your snacks and be seated in comfy seats. LOVE the $1 drink cups. The theater is always clean when I am there, and is orderly.It's also  very close to home.  I know that's not helpful to you who don't live nearby, but for me, a place next door can be giving stuff away, but if I don't like 'em, I won't go.One problem I have here- infernally slow concession workers.  I'd say at least 1/2 of the concession  are in slow motion.  Interestingly, the location at Metro Center has super speedy concession workers. I will be back many more times!
4	It was comfortable and I was able to watch the movie.
5	also clean and friendly..love to go early when the prices are cheap!
5	The prices were reasonable. They have a wide variety of food. The seats are comfortable and the movie quality was great.
4	this is our favorite location...the theatres and facilities are always spotless.  the staff is always friendly and the seats comfortable.
1	BEWARE....I've debated for 2 weeks whether or not to review this place. Obviously, I've decided to and you'll be glad I did. My husband and I went here Aug. 7th and left with some sort of bug encounter. After the movie we went to the grocery store and then home. Later that evening my hand and arm begin itching, but I don't think anything of it. We both woke up the next morning with bug bites all over are necks, shoulders, arms, hands and a few on the legs. The bites were in clusters, about 5-20 bites per cluster. My bites began to heal in a few days, my husband's did not. We went to the doctor Aug. 14th and were told that his bites became infected. She is guessing someone who sat in the seats prior to us came in contact with poison ivy or scabies and unknowingly (my word) spread it to us....thanks. Jerk!I've spoken to Naomi at the corporate office who seemed surprised and concerned. She said an exterminator goes to each location monthly to spray. I don't know how thorough a job. I'm not necessarily blaming the Harkins or the person who spread this to us, but I can assure you we will never set foot in that theater again. Wearing a jacket or pants won't matter, the bugs are that determined.YOU'VE BE WARNED!
2	The theater itself is nice and clean. 5 stars.I also like the fact Harkins is an AZ company (learned from the pre-movie slides).If I was rating the building and janitorial functions... 5 stars.Bring in all the other factors that make for a pleasant movie experience such as concessions and customer service, and it plummets. I always get a large popcorn, loyalty cup refill and an Ultimate Dog. Concessions are hit and miss...mostly miss.It is irritating while standing in line to see employees talking behind the popcorn poppers in small groups while the lines are backed up.I rarely see a manager back in concessions. The ticket window must be really complicated and require constant supervision because I never see them in concessions.Tip:Make sure you check anything you order at concessions that requires someone heating it before serving it BEFORE you give up your spot at the concession counter.I have been given over nuked hot dogs...both dog and bun more often than not. VERY VERY disappointing after paying concession prices.Questions:How hard can it be to look at a $5 hot dog and "see" that it is over cooked?How hard can it be to notice the ends of the hot dog bun are dry and hard?Answer: Apparently it is VERY VERY difficult based on my experiences there!!!As a side note...My buddy often gets a pizza. The consistency is never there. One time it is under-cooked, second time, overcooked and sometimes just right.2 Stars - Because I feel ripped off every time I pay $5 for a supposedly "Ultimate" dog.
3	I'm having mixed feelings about Harkins right now.  The movie we wanted to see, Star Trek, was not listed as a "special engagement" on their website or Mobile app, yet at the theater it was still listed as such which made using our passes out of the question and forced us to see a different movie.  So we choose Gatsby.Now I'm not above saying we made a mistake and overlooked the "special engagement" noticed, but I'm also not above saying, this location didn't change that status for unknown reasons.  What I will say, next time we will definitely know the status before hand.  Otherwise, I found this theater on par with the other Harkins Theaters, clean, well run and staffed properly.
4	this is the neighborhood theater, super easy convenient location!the prices are a little high, but i guess that's the way things go. one positive thing is the loyalty cup where its only $1.50 for a refill. awesome.the seats are pretty comfortable in the theater, and always clean. no funky smells.
2	I would give this location 3-4 stars. I'm rating 2 due to a bad experience explained below...Harkins is my favorite theater, and my loyalty started when I moved to AZ and used to take my 3 little cousins and even the neighbor's kid to the movies. Back then I would have never been able to afford AMC prices, I cannot believe how expensive they are.We get the shirt, the loyalty cups, and passes over the mail, sometimes we get the passes at Costco too. For hubby and I to go to Harkins it is $15 dlls including ticket, soda refill, and popcorn (I get the popcorn vouchers because of the shirt, and 1 voucher for every $25 popcorn refill).  If we go to AMC, it is about $18 for the soda and popcorn alone.That said... we had a very bad experience a couple of weeks back. We were by the hall waiting for the theater to be ready to see Elysium. There were about 8 of us that I noticed, but hubby and I were next by the door as we were among the first ones to arrive. I actually thought we were the first ones, but one of the staff ladies (red shirt) stopped by and told us a gentleman sitting in a bench had been the first one to get there. Duly noted. Hubby and I made conversation with a fellow movie goer and his son... and when the room was ready, my hubby made a signal to the aforementioned gentleman to go first, while we were getting ready to go sit. Unbeknownst to us, this staff lady had made up her mind about us being rude and not caring about her bringing to our attention that he was there first. She stood in front of me, her back towards me, right by the door, so I could not step in until she decided it was appropriate. Of course, while she was standing in front of me, some other people skipped the line and ran in front of her (I remember what seemed to me a father and 2 sons, that is topic for a whole other conversation) and by the time we made it in our preferred seats were gone (we like sitting on the first row, but also I had an injury last year and my ankle and foot  hurt and get swollen, so believe me, it is important for me to have my feet up, and that is why we always get there way ahead of time)...Never mind that the person she was 'protecting' went and sit all the way to the back.I have a lot of stress in my life, like probably everyone else. The last thing I need is to pay for a service and be disrespected this way. I also try not to let this kind of stuff ruin my day, but I found this episode very upsetting. If she was so concerned about this one customer, she could have asked what seat he preferred and go save it for him.  She didn't have to ruin our 'moviegoing' experience.That was totally uncalled for.
4	Reclining seats rock.  This one is close to the house.  Nothing super special about the theater, but it is the only one that we use for the 2+ hrs movies.  The seats let you survive the flick without your butt going completely numb.  ;-)
5	Just moved here from San Diego and never went to the movies , never thought 25$ was worth seeing any movie, and that's not including drinks or snacks.. The prices here are totally reasonable , matinee prices till 6pm ! You can buy a loyalty cup for 5$ and get refills for a buck fifty !  Also if u get a loyalty shirt you get a medium popcorn everytime , u can upgrade to a large for only 1$ and then bring the bag back next time for a FREE Popcorn !!!!  Needless to say we see All The movies now all the time !
4	I prefer them so much more over AMC its not even funny.  I heard they got bought out by some international company which is sad if true
4	i love going to harkins over other more expensive movie theatres. bathrooms are usually clean as well as the overall theatre.
4	Came here to see a movie at about 12:50ish in the afternoon during the week and was excited to see that the matinee prices actually run till 6pm? Isnt this much later than other theatres? I thought they only ran till 3pm. Anyways. 14 dollars for 2 adults isnt bad at all. I'm not sure about the cost of any of the snack foods cause I do it the way my mama taught me. I stop by QT before, get slurpees and candy, then just bring it in a huge purse that zips at the top.It makes me feel like an accomplished drug smuggler after I sit down in my comfy seat. I like that they have semi-reclining seats and that the theaters are all very clean. I havent once experience gum or debris on the seats here. The staff is all very friendly, and i swear they are all 17-ish. Check it out, not a bad choice for a movie theater. I mean, its no iPic, but its decent.
4	This is a great theater. They have decent prices for a movie, but the typical price gouge at the concession stand. We rarely buy anything but a refill on our loyalty cup. The theaters are clean and customer service is great. I would recommend this theater.
4	This is my go-to theater. It is always clean and the people are friendly. Even the theaters that show the older movies are spacious.
5	This is my all-time favorite theatre!!! I love all the people who work there and even the rotating staff. I have always liked the fact that there's a student discount and $1.50 loyalty cups on top of free medium popcorn with the loyalty shirt. The theatres are clean and the whole place is effeciently ran.
4	This theater is great because it never gets super crowded like other Harkin's theaters during opening weekend of movies.  The service is friendly and the facility is clean.  I hope that soon they will have a kids playcenter for the days hubs and I want to go on a date night.  The only downfall (1st world problems) is they took away the butter dispensers from the condiment stations. There's never enough butter! :)
2	Poor customer service at this site. I was trying to use a gift card through online purchasing but would not accept it. So I called to ask if there was a way to purchase on the phone with the gift card the customer service rep was of no help and pretty much told me that a third party company does their online sales so there is nothing he could do to help and just hung up. 1. Harkins should resolve that issue online and/or2.  Allow there to be purchases over the phone using the gift card or some other way to reserve tickets for purchasing once arriving at the theater. I do not have a problem paying but what good is a gift card if you can't use it to pre-purchase tickets?
4	As all Harkins theatergoers know, it's all about the Loyalty Cup! I do like the North Valley location, the only Harkins for which I have written a review. It seems just busy enough to stay open, but not so busy as to be hassle on a big opening weekend. It's not a brand new theatre, but it was built recently enough to have comfortable stadium seating.Like all Harkins, the staff is young and inconsistent, but generally friendly. Concessions are expensive, but with good variety. A $5.25 investment in the Loyalty Cup will provide you with $1.50 drink refills for a full calendar year. A t-shirt deal, involving popcorn, is also available. Personally, however, I've never been willing to make that fashion statement.Discounts are available at the ticket window for children, students and seniors. Discounted tickets are also sometimes available at Costco.
