3	This hotel wasn't the best hotel I've ever stayed at but it did the job - it's just average. The two best things there were the several restaurants within walking distance and the staff that was super friendly. There was lots of shopping nearby but you definitely need a vehicle in order to get to any good places nearby. - The room was clean enough but the lighting really sucked - the lighting in the rooms would make anyone look like the walking dead. - They did have a small pool which was decent - at least they had one. - There wasn't 24 hour room service - boooo.
3	Booked a room here through Priceline for the Tuesday before Thanksgiving.  Actually booked it on the drive in from Las Vegas through my cell phone, which was pretty sweet.  Paid $25 + tax, so you can't beat the price.  We had a hard time finding it as Google Maps was wrong about it's location, but you can't blame the hotel for that.What I can blame the hotel for is not giving me a king size bed.  Priceline had booked me with 2 doubles, and in my experience I am always able to switch unless they're sold out.  The front desk clerk told me they were indeed not sold out, but it was their policy not to let Priceline users switch rooms.  So much for considering staying there the rest of Thanksgiving week.I was going to let it go, but then at 9:30am the maid knocked on our door and woke me up 2 hours earlier than I had planned (we got to sleep at 5am, give me a break).  I ended up coming out of my room and saw that my do not disturb sign was on, so she must have chosen to ruin my day for fun.  Tried to fall back asleep but was then kept up by the sounds of what looked to be a loud garbage truck parked right outside of our room.I give up on sleeping.  At least they have solid free Internet so I can Yelp this hotel.  Courtyard, you're lucky you're getting 3 stars from me.
4	We stayed their this weekend and had a great time.  It isn't a place to hang out all day but as far as a great location, comfortable room, fair price, and great service, they did it.  Everything is new, neat, and clean, and everyone is very helpful and friendly.
4	In Scotts for business travel during spring training. Nice clean property, nice pool, nice outdoor firepits to have a night cap, ok gym, great staff. Located in North Scotts off Bell and Scotts Blvd and near many dinning and after hours establishments. I was impressed and will be back. Only issue was breakfast. $8.00 for a coffee and Cherios? Come on now! This is not the Ritz Carlton where we know that we will be ripped off.
4	I usually stay at the Hampton Suites when I come to Scottsdale but they were booked so I thought I would try out the CourtYard. I was really impressed with the rooms they were modern and clean. Staff was very attentive and helpful. I would stay here again next time I am in town.
5	I stayed here for 2 nights on business and I was impressed by the friendly staff and clean facilities. They have a nice lobby and lounge area near the entrance and the pool was a treat too!
5	It's nice when the front desk manager recognizes you when you're checking in, even though it's been a few months since your last visit.  It's even nicer when she's able to accommodate you at 10:00 at night and you've forgotten to make a hotel reservation!  A bit embarrassing to be standing there trying to check in when you completely forgot to book your stay....but it was no problem and she got me checked in to a room of my preference without even a moments hesitation.This is typically my first choice for stays in the Phoenix area and likely will continue to be at the top of my list.
5	Checked in here while in town for a wedding. From the time we walked in the door to the time we checked out we had nothing but the best service from the extremely friendly staff. The room was always super clean, the bed was comfy and the pool area was really lovely. I would recommend to anyone staying in the area.
4	Nice hotel in a good location. Good service. Newly remodeled with a very modern feel. The only negative is I went down on a Saturday morning and was told they have a limited menu because breakfast stops at 9:30 am. I only arrived a few minutes after 9:30. I've been to many other courtyards and on the weekend's they usually serve until 11. It would've been nice to know this at check in.
4	Great hotel. Great service. Pool, fitness center, spa, nice rooms, bar and food in lobby. Great place to stay when you are in business and need something comfortable. Check in was easy and very courteous. Will definitely stay here again.
3	Honestly, I wasn't really impressed with this place.  I would have given it 2 stars, except I later found out they had a shuttle, which saved me the 20-minute walk to my seminar.  If they had told me this at check-in, it could have saved me on the first day when I walked half a mile in the 90+ degree morning heat.When I checked in, I was given keys to a room that matched none of my requests.  It was on the second floor, as far as possible from the elevator, had 2 queen beds instead of a king, and no foam pillows.  Why would you bother asking me for my preferences if you're going to deny me all of them?  I called the front desk to ask about it, but was denied again, he said this was all that was left.In the room, the tissue box dispenser on the counter looked like it was shredded or re-used tissues.  I didn't love the bathroom layout, with the light switch on the outside, and it was a little bit dark in the shower.  The pool was nothing special, and the hot tub jets didn't work.I know it's not a high-end $$$ resort, but I was still much less than impressed.  The service was below par, IMO.  All of the little disappointments were not worth the cost savings.  I'll spring for a nicer hotel, the next time I'm in the area.
4	Great value and clean room! Only con was the offer for free coffee till 10am... I tried two mornings and there wasn't coffee out so I asked and was directed to the on-site Starbucks/cafe so I could buy some...Pool was nice but not lit wellLobby is very niceGym is small but gets the job done
5	Great location and very friendly staff.   Lobby has nice casual bistro, food was good and lots of good seating.Bed was exceedingly comfortable, big room.   What impressed me the most was the service attitude of all staff.    I was not in the mood for crowds and I could just relax here and eat my meals.
4	I think this is my first hotel review but it is nice to get good service from the hotel staff. Each time we walked into or out of the hotel we were greeted. Also when we checked in the process was super quick. Not only did we get everything we needed in record time, but we also got great recommendations for local food spots and activities. The rooms are clean and the hotel is clean.
