4	The luxury of a satellite radio has prevented me from discovering many radio stations around Phoenix. Recently, that luxury was taken from me thanks to someone who broke into my car, stole my stereo and said satellite radio system. Having since replaced the stereo and having not yet replacing the satellite radio, I've been trying to find quality local stations to listen to. One of the stations that I've discovered since getting some tunes back in my car is Movin' 97.5 FM.Movin' 97.5 creates this moment for me over and over again:Me: "Aw HELL no, they are NOT playing (insert bad early 90s song here)!"But yes, they are, and I know every word. Bell Biv Devoe's "Poison", Color Me Badd's "I Wanna Sex You Up" and the penultimate guilty pleasure song, "Ice Ice Baby" by Vanilla Ice. All of these and many more skeletons in the pop music closet are found in heavy rotation. They also mix in Top 40 Pop hits by current hot acts such as Nelly Furtado, Gwen Stefani and Justin Timberlake (he's bringing sexy back, I understand). Since discovering this station, the purchase of a new satellite radio system has been placed on the back burner.If you happen to pull up along side me at a red light one day and see me singing out loud to myself (replete with hand choreography), odds are I am listening to Movin' 97.5, or I'm fantasizing that I'm Beyonce in "Dreamgirls"... again.
4	I love chessy stuff and Movin' serves up cheesy pop and hip hop on a silver platter. My only complaint is the signal isn't very strong. I am a runner and I lose the radio signal whenever I jog up Central Ave. Boo!
5	Oh how I love the new Movin 97.5 - I think it was when I heard a great amount of 80s Freestyle jams on this station, I stopped in my tracks and froze the radio dial on this frequency.  I may be a very extreme case, as I have made listening to Movin into a lifestyle.  I am an MVP listener where I score Bonus Codes at practically all the opportunities, email the DJs about Nina D's silliness or Robert's cheesehead devotion (ok i have a lot of freetime), and most even created my own spreadsheet and MP3 library at home of the itunes playlist complete with album art.The music?  Lately, they have taken the pedal off the metal with the amt of Freestyle / Disco tunes.  But I love the dance lean & I'm always in a good mood with whatever choices the DJ makes.  Today and back in the day!  And whats more awesome, on the weekends, they alter their programming with the "double play" weekend where you hear tunes that you cannot hear anywhere else, only if you had a time machine or cassette tapes.The programming?  When its a local DJ, they are great.  But I was heartbroken that they put Ryan Seacrest in syndication from the 1-4pm hour.  It was a real problem with me for the first couple days, they treated the DJ AM plane crash news like a national story of interest.  Like most people of Phoenix, I have no idea who this guy is and would rather hear about more relevant local news.  Besides mental tuneout with "On Air", I love hearing the DJs interact with the listeners.  The highlight is in the morning directs many morning topics and hands out giveaways for the *most extreme* circumstance.  The creativity of various talking points make listening to Lukas & Nina's banter very entertaining.  Its definitely a huge improvement daily frustrating stale morning brain benders.Interactive with the listeners!  Since I first started listening, the station has found more ways where listeners can participate and this is more fun.  Probably the most famous is "Pick your Purse, Choose your Shoes".  I fantasize about having my name called, grabbing a huge bag and tall boots and telling Nina that I am keeping them for myself.  And hopefully they will host more listener events so I can participate in person.  This year, they hosted an 80s party at Wrigley & Singles Night at Chase Field.  And most recent, they have become more involved with promoting the Phoenix Suns - my favorite NBA team!So I will give the new Movin 97.5 a 5/5 rating.  Definitely a highlight of my week on Monday afternoon when Robert Lewis starts his slot, he reminds the listeners that the Green Bay Packers are America's team.  Win or lose, he's speaks about his pride in the Pack.  But I cannot forget after a most crushing overtime loss in the NFC championship game to the New York Giants nullifying a cheese Super Bowl in Phoenix, a party for our lifetime.  With great anticipation to hear Robert recap that game, he chose instead to promote the upcoming Hannah Montana concert.  Yes, I guess it hurt that bad!
4	I like the music most of the time about 99 percent of the time. It does as it advertises, makes me want to move.What I do not like is the banter of the radio folk, usually inane nonsense. Cut down on the talk and play more music. I mean I can get downtown from my home in the far west valley and never hear a tune. Yuck. I love to dance while I am driving, give some music, please.
1	Letting a boring girl like Lindsay have her own show it just prrof that no one listens to this station. It has to be years since I stuck with this boring channel. I wish they would sell theimselves like 103.9. Even 80's music is better than being bored to death.
3	The radio station is called Hot 97 now and it plays pretty good new music.  It doesn't have very many commercials and on-air personalities that take away from the music.  It's on my rotation of stations that are on my presets when I'm driving around town.  Because it's mostly music, I tune in when other stations have their DJ's talking too much.  I prefer music over stupid on-air pranks and mindless banter.Return Factor - 70%
