5	Very surprised by Palermos!  Ordered one of the dinners for 2. Ordering was easy and delivery to our room at Ballys was free and fast!  Food was delivered hot and tasty!  Definitely a great deal!
5	Very fast and friendly service. The delivery guy got to my hotel room in 30 min. Pizza was a great alternative to the typical dominoes/ Pizza Hut. I would recommend !!
3	Ordered delivery to Hard Rock Hotel around 8:15. Was told that it would be 30-45 minutes- It took an hour and fifteen minutes.  I ordered a 14" pizza with 15 wings. Pizza was room temp and a very thin crust. Wings were pretty good, I would order the wings again but might skip on the pizza. If I ordered again as it took a long time to get food.
3	Pizza cat is not proud. She is not haughty. She looks on in bewilderment as other Yelpers eat $500 pizza, flown in fresh from Naples, on their private jet. No. Pizza cat will admit she has a problem. She has an addiction to pizza. Her addiction is consuming her life. If only her fellow Yelpers knew the lows she has stooped to feed it. Would she ever become Elite? Would they ever FUC her reviews again? Ohhhh... the agony. Pizza cat is not too proud to admit her addiction had her running to the nearest 7-11 to buy 24-hour pizza, a disgusting slopping of canned tomato paste, cheese and fake meat. She was half gagging as she attempted to shovel down the food, telling herself, "it's pizza! it can't be bad??" when she realized frozen pizza would be better than this crap... so she hastily ran to her freezer and started shoveling Digornio's down her throat. Still frozen!!! So, what does this have to do with Palermo's pizza? Well, Pizza Cat was clutching on the floor, writhing in pain, overcoming one of her infamous pizza hangovers, when she saw that someone had shoved a Palermo's flyer under her door. Palermo's pizza open till 2am!!!!Now Pizza Cat is no kitten. She had heard of Palermo's (on Twain) and their infamous $5 pizza and had never ventured down crack alley to try it. BUT this was a new Palermo's, closeby her house, a nice, new, clean place. And they had $4 slices.  It was a decent pizza! Waaay better than the little emperor's pizza. And the people were nice and place was very clean. A winner. Not a gourmet pizza but good for the price. Pepperoni pizza tasted of garlic and butter (ok, maybe margarine) and the chicken wings were perfectly overcooked. On a bad note, Palermo's is NOT OPEN 24 hours anymore but it's not a bad place at all, Pizza Cat can see herself coming here again.
2	DO NOT ORDER ONLINE!!!!  After waiting 1 hour and 10 minutes for a day time delivery I called the business and the person that answered said that it takes 20 minutes for the order to get sent to them from the online service. This is strange because about 10 minutes after I placed the order the business called me about a question on the order. So they had my order. Just a Bullshit excuse. My 6 year old tells better lies. The pizzas that were delivered were warm, not hot. They were ok. Way better than the big chains. I would have given them 4 stars if they hadn't bullshitted me about the delays.
1	The manager here is very rude. Did not want to rectify issues of honesty or quality. The customer is definitely not first with this establishment.
5	Great food in large portions. I got a meat calzone and I can easily say that it is the best I've ever eaten. I would easily eat here again.
5	Pies so good that we had it two nights in a row, while on vacation.Incredibly awesome NY style pizza.
4	Ordered online through Eat24. Ordered the lunch special consisting of salad, soda and garlic bread. They forgot to give me the garlic bread (Eat24 reimbursed me for the bread).  The chef salad was good. Delivery was within 45. minutes and delivery guy was nice. Will give them a second chance and order from them again.
4	Order delivery tonight. Item #6, Pizza and Fingers For 2. With no delivery charge, it came out to $14 dollars. The delivery took 45 minutes (as promised), the pizza was delicious!!!, and the chicken fingers were doused with sauce. I will probably order again. :)
4	Had call ones as big as my head. No fountain soda, which is a bummer. Friendly staff, fast service and delicious food.
5	Perfect late night snack.The delivery guy Trayce was there in 20 minutes with the most delicious pizza I've ever had. Great customer service , loved their pepperoni pizza. Definitely calling back this place on my next visit in Las Vegas. Thumbs up for this place .
5	I was in  Vegas a few weeks ago and I ordered from here twice. Everything was so great. One of the best salads I have had from a pizza joint anywhere. The delivery driver was so sweet. When I am in Vegas again this will always be my go to pizza place.
5	I'm impressed. Delicious food. Driver was very very kind. 5 min late if that and made sure to contact me ahead of time. 15 min from there to my home no extra fee and food arrived fresh and hot!!
5	I grew up in Vegas and somehow never enjoyed this amazing place. My husband and I were here on vacation and wanted pizza delivered to our off strip hotel - palermos delivered in about half the time time they even quoted. The delivery man was awesome and friendly, even tho the timeshare property we were staying in is complicated to navigate. And now for the food, super delicious and piping hot upon arrival.  I ordered a pepperoni pizza, cheese bread and wings. Everything was good. Their ranch is homemade and perfect for dipping. The wings were a little dry and crispy but that happens to be my preference so I was really happy. Bottom line, I'd order again!
1	Never again. Little Caesars was better. Just sayin. I decided to try them. I ordered a thin crust Hawaiian extra crispy it was soggy everywhere. I ordered lasagna it was super burned. I ordered 4 extra ranches got none. Told them no salad got that lol. I had to walk the order back because I wasn't going to wait and hope to get a refund for. A driver. NOW IT WAS A SUPER FAST DELIVERY...they did refund it and the manager was cool once I got there.....other than try and tell me nothing was burned. BRO I WALKED 6 BLOCKS TO GIVE IT BACK...I THINK IT WAS BURNED. ORDER CAFE VERDE, FLAMINGO PIZZA, OR BOSTON PIZZA FOR GOOD PIE. IF I COULD GIVE NO STARS I WOULD!!!!!!
5	I was craving a really good burger and onion rings at 10pm, I am fairly new to this town so i really dont know any good places that deliver that late. I decided to check on line and see if i could find something, when i came across www.grubhub.com and Palermos Pizza was #1 on the list. I was not too sure about it but i saw the prices so i decided to give it a try ($10 minimum order and FREE delivery) needless to say my total was $11.50 and I got a very DELICIOUS hamburger, AMAZING  seasoned fries, crunchy onion rings, and a great ny cheesecake! So glad i found this place and I will be ordering from them soon!
1	I would like to rate the food, but it never got here. The delivery driver came to our work, sat in his car for 5 minutes and then came to door and knocked. The door was answered immediately and the driver said that he had been waiting at the door for about a half an hour. (Surveilence cameras confirm the park and wait 5 minutes.) We told him to just hold on for a second while we grabbed the person who placed the order (there are about 50 people in the building at this time) and he told us to not to call there again while he is literally shoving his foot in the door. Since we are in a secure building, all deliveries need to stay outside of the door. Literally about 30 seconds later the person who ordered came to the door and the driver was already getting back in his car. Since this order was placed through Eat 24, the person who ordered called them back and was promptly told the restaurant was refusing to give any money back because we made him wait unreasonably long. Eat 24 was kind enough to oblige my employee her money back in the form of credit to her account. Unfortunately, my employee was now on her lunch break with no lunch and heaping helping of crappy service from a cranky curmudgeon. I called te restaurant to see if I could reason with their manager and provide proof of the driver lying about the wait time (which could also be proven with Eat 24 call records) and also to see if we could get past this as my employees order daily from this estabishment. I was given the run around by the staff and eventually hung up on. I called back and they told me that they would have the manager call me back. It has been 3 weeks and I have not received a call back. I am glad that some people have a great experience with Palermo's Pizza, but as for my employees...not one of them will ever patronize or reccomend this restaurant to anybody. Customer service is as important to a restaurant as it's product, if their customer service is a reflection of their product they must be making a killing in the sale of feces.
1	Order a pizza with mushrooms and mozzarella sticks from eat24 the online app. Food was gross and half an hour late. Called the restaurant and they had the driver call me and apparently he couldn't find my apartment and got mad at me and started yelling at me then hung up on me when I asked why he didn't call if he couldn't find the place. Called the restaurant to let them know how rude the delivery guy was and they apolozed and asked if I would call back tomorrow and they would give me something for free. Food was sick and cold (we had to heat it up in the microwave) and our pizza was missing the mushrooms. service was horrible I wouldn't eat there again even if it was free.
3	Review time !!!! I don't think I have ever enjoyed food the way I do now due to my pregnancy ! Today I was craving a veggie pizza And i was actually very surprised how good it was ,Chicken wings were amazing ,garlic bread delicious , my caprese salad was much different then I am use to but it was good . My only problem and complain would be the fettuccine Alfredo  I was disappointed on the sauce it actually had very little didn't even taste like Alfredo  unfortunately it was boring (plain) . I also don't know how accurate it is to order online they did get my order right but I left notes to add more and I didn't get it in my order . I also wish the driver didn't forget my chilly peppers or Parmesan cheese I would have tip him oh well ! Lastly I give them 3stars because my experience wasn't horrible nor was it the best !
1	Stayed at the LVH for a trade show at the convention center. Decided to order a pizza because the food was terrible at my hotel. After waiting 45 minutes on a Thursday my delivery person didn't have the change for my $28 pizza order from $40 cash. He then offered to go down to the casino to get change, at this point it was almost 9 at night and I was hungry enough to say f*ck it. I think the most irritating part was I am an excellent tipper and was already planning on leaving a nice tip.Pizza was very average and soggy. Don't support crappy local business.
5	From NYC and finding good pizza is very hard.  Well problem solved.  The White pizza I had today wasn't just good it was great*****. The menu offers many choices including gluten free.  Nice pizza parlor atmosphere and excellent service. In the Albertson Center an easy place to reach plus you can head over to many stores for your holiday shopping. Worth the trip for the great food.
5	Just tried this place today and I gotta say it was pretty freaking delicious. I got the two slices of pepperoni with a drink for $5. I didn't expect much from this place but it was perfect. The place is very clean and the staff it's really nice. Definitely coming back soon
5	You can only eat Pizza Hut and Dominoes so many times, so I decided to go local, and I'm glad I did. This pizza is awesome, the mozzerella sticks are killer, food is always fresh, and these people are fast. So excited I finally found some good pizza in Vegas!
1	When my fiance and I lived over on that side of town, we ordered Palermos. I got a chicken sandwich that the two of us ended up splitting. We both got food poisoning, so definitely wouldn't recommend ordering food from them...or at least steer clear of the chicken sandwich.
4	Ordered delivery. Pizza was at my house in 35 minutes. Overall the pizza tasted great, fresh toppings, good sauce. Only downfall and the reason for 4 stars is the center 1/3 of the pizza was very soggy. Probably.needed a couple more minutes in the oven.
