5	I have had two dealings with Scott's Coach Works, and both were what I would call five-star experiences.  The first involves an unfortunate incident with a pillar in a parking garage last year.  Scott's was recommended by two friends whose opinions I value, and it's not far from where I live, so I chose them sight unseen.  I was not disappointed.  To begin with, Scott's workmanship impeccable - you'd never know how badly the car was damaged.  Moreover, Matt, the guy who was helping me out at Scott's, made dealing with my insurance company a breeze.  When I called the insurance company, they tried to steer me to one of their "preferred" body shops.  Matt made it clear to me that Arizona law does not allow the insurance company to mandate where I could have my vehicle repaired, and he handled communications with the insurance company after I had filed my claim.  My experience from beginning to end was professional and pleasant.I had my second experience with Scott's last week. As I pulled into my parking garage at work, I rolled down my power window and then the window would not roll up. I was left with no choice but to carry my valuables up to my office, as I left my car with its window permanently rolled down.  I got to my office and called four repair shops, including my dealer, to ascertain what it would cost to fix the window.  They all identified the same problem and the quotes they gave me ranged from $500-$600.  I decided to go with Scott's based on my first experience there.  I again spoke with Matt, who told me to bring my car in the next morning.  I did so, and not only did they have it fixed by 2:00 that afternoon, but the total cost was well below their initial quote.  The service was top notch, and the car is as good as new.  Based on those two experiences, I wholeheartedly recommend Scott's Coach Works.
5	I was rear ended about a month ago and was devastated that my baby was tarnished.  My boss at work recently had repairs done to one of his vehicles and used Scott's.  So, after talking with the other guys insurance company, I went right to Scott's Coach Works for an estimate.  Matt was my service rep and was able to do the estimate very quickly while I waited.  After that he handled everything with the insurance company, save the rental car.I just picked up my car this morning and it looks better than it did before the accident.  New shiny bumper with perfect paint.  Matt did a great job handling everything and the service was super fast.  They even washed and waxed her for me.  I would strongly recommend Scott's to anyone needing to have body work done.
5	Scott's is where the car enthusiasts take their babies for body and paint work.  Even some car dealers choose Scott's over their own body shops. The only other place in town they might consider is in Fountain Hills, but that's for another review, and anyway Scott's is more central.  I've taken my special cars to Scott's and when they're done I never can tell where the damage was in the first place.  I swear they can match any paint.  The best part about Scott's is that they do such a great job of working with the auto insurance companies, so not only does it not cost any more than any other body shop, but they're good at making sure you get approved for all work that's needed.  Afterward, Scott's also does a great job of standing by their work.  If your special car gets crunched, try to get it into Scott's.  They'll take care of your baby.
4	I haven't even used Scott's and I know they are good to go.Why?I took a car in to have some bodywork done, because it was near the end of its 4 year lease term.  I know the bank will probably charge me an arm & a leg so I figured I should get it taken care of before the inspection.  There I am, ready to give them money for work, but Brett tells me that they can do it for me but that I can save money by going to a good detailer to get the majority of the damage taken care of.  WOW!  Very impressed!  Very professional, very ethical people at Scott's!
5	Over 3 weeks ago I was in a minor car accident. My mom had given me her 02' RX-300 Lexus a few months back & so my dad suggested I call the dealership to see if I could get an estimate done there or if they had any good recs. They suggested Scott's Coach Works, so I called them right away. I brought my car in the next day & was given a quick estimate by Matt. After speaking with the other person's insurance company, I dropped my car off at Scott's to start the repair work.Fast forward to yesterday when I picked my baby up. She looked so pretty! They did an excellent job fixing up the scratches & dents on my passenger side door. The paint looked amazing as well, I was told metallic was a harder color to do & they did a great job. Another thing, they detailed & washed my car before I came to get it, how awesome. They also give you a brochure/paperwork with their warranty, very classy & appreciated.There are a couple repairs I need to make on my car & I will not hesitate to use Scott's again!
5	Scott's Coach Works revitalizes my baby Lexus.  I couldn't believe how awesome she looked when Brett showed her to me after a week's work.  Scott's Coach Works definitely went above and beyond my expectations.  I couldn't be happier with their work. Btw, I was involved in a car accident and the other side's insurance paid for the repairs.  I felt like the entire time, Brett was my advocate who was fighting for my best interest.  Suffice to say, I definitely recommend this place.
1	The passager side side view mirror dismantled on my Lexus RX300. Someone must have knocked into it in the parking lot. I googled and found Scott's and with all the glowing reports on yelp called and went in. I was immediately  given an estimate of the repair costs. The gentleman that did the assessment did not even remove the tape to look at the situation before giving me a written quote of approximately $734. About $550 for the mirror replacement. $200 for painting and labor. And the car would need to be there for two days-so a rental car. SERIOUSLY. Now you all may have money to burn but I dont. When I showed my suprise, this guy did not bat an eye. I went back to my office and in 30 seconds googled a parts place. In 48 hours I had a NEW Lexus side mirror for $106 and dropped it by THEN & NOW at 910 North Scottsdale Road. Two days later while I had lunch near by, they put the painted mirror on for $100. Yes a total price of $206. Seriously No customer service. $800 for a side mirror. Rich friends writing on yelp. That is all I can figure.
1	So I call the guy, telling him I had a slight scratch on the rear side of the back passenger door right next to the door panel (easy to blend so good location for scratch whereas if it was in the middle of the door would require blending into more panels, other door, etc.)  I basically ask the guy for a ball park estimate on how much a car door repaint and blend will cost, gave him the info.  Now this is how you can tell they are real swindlers here they don't want to give you an estimate over the phone they want to come and meet/ see you so they can determine how much money they can get out of you (the insurance company).  He said he could not even ball park it even though it was just a simple little scratch on a good part of the door to be scratched (I know a thing or two about body work) and he said it could cost anywhere from 1,000 to 3,000 we have to take a look.  Really?  Is it that hard to ball park a car door repaint and blend into other panels, is it that hard to give a worst case and a best case scenario?  I told him what color it was and all the data he needed.  He could ball park it, and he did, and he trully shocked me with the "quote".   He i(and the business)  are just another swindler organization IMO  trying to take advantage of the public, I believe his name was Brett.Think about this 1,000 (MINIMUM) 3,000 (MAXIMUM)!!!!! for a stinking car door with a little scratch!!!!                  AMAZING...stunning really.Well I already took it to another body shop and they quoted $400 but then they requested another $100 for some parts they would need to replace for the job (a little panel in the area would need to be removed and replaced) I also get a LIFETIME WARRANTY at this other collision shop and the guy said if it is not correct they do it over if I am not satisfied and if I am still not satisfied I drive off free of charge.  The name of this place is LG collision and it is in Glendale, I know their are other decent body shops out there but this guy at Scott's had the audacity to say $3,000.  This should be insurance fraud at a price like that if you use insurance and don't really care.  That is the cost of an ENTIRE CAR repaint!  Amazing!If you don't like to contribute to swindlers and incompetent people  ("oh, I cant even ball park a car door repaint on the phone"  Yes you can and I told you Brett I will never bring my vehicle by your little establishment.  How dare you charge such outrageous prices because I drive a Lexus!! Your not going to screw me buddy sorry.  Let me see $500 with a 100% money back guarantee and lifetime warranty, versus $3000 and I bet they don't offer that you can just drive off for free if you are not satisfied.  Now that is backing up your work!  Go somewhere else or go talk to Louis he is a very nice man and has pride in his work and rips off no-one with those types of guarantees and estimates on work..  Just an FYI for yelpers who might have a high deductible and might give a darn about outrageous prices like this.To sum it up, apparently based on other yelpers reviews they do great work on cars, but each ecstatic customer used insurance anyway so they have no reason to care about the cost, the negative reviews are from those of us paying out of pocket.  That pretty much sums up Scotts, if you are going to use insurance, feel free to pay their outrageous prices for good work, if not, they will just piss you off with their estimate.
5	My BMW was rear-ended and in need of a new trunk, bumper, and side paneling. After doing some thorough research I decided to go with Scott's Coach Works and could not have been happier. The staff was very friendly, and they kept me informed with the process the whole time. I would definitely recommend SCW!
5	This was the best bodyshop experience I've had in Phoenix. These guys are professional, and quick, and courteous. They didn't pull the whole "well, we are waiting on parts" deal that most shops do, nor did they let my car sit on ice while they collected a storage fee while waiting for parts. My service writer was awesome and kept me up to date on all things and they actually delivered the car ahead of schedule.
5	Scott's repaired my car once before and I was very pleased. Recently the hood of my red car had a slight collision with my white garage door, leaving a large white scratch on the car.I went to Scott's for a repair estimate and after a quick examination, they offered to try to rub out the mark. In less than ten minutes they repaired the damage completely and refused to accept any payment. You can't get better service than that.When driving to Scott's, which is a long was from where I live, I must have passed ten auto repair shops. Fortunately I had the good sense to keep going. I have never dealt with people who are more efficient, prompt, honest and honorable than Scott'sSteve D
5	I have went to Scotts Coach Works in the past and went again last week. Their service is the Best. They keep you informed every step of the way. I will not go anywhere else. I will continue to recommend them to everyone I know. Thanks Brett. Another outstanding repair!
2	A Big Disapointment: I was assured several times my car would be returned as new;The passenger door handle came off the first time it was used it,they forgot to replace the hood insulation,the brakes still have unusual vibration. They seem to be irritated that I have returned to make things right! They absolutely gouged my insurance company. This is probably a place for  snobs;Hurry up and get those VW's  out of here! Too much attitude. Dr.SJC
5	I found Scott's on Yelp and went to them because of the high reviews.  I was worried though because there weren't a ton of reviews, but they all seemed legit.  Scott's lived up the hype.  They fixed my car professionally, at a very fair price, and quickly.  I promised myself I would write a positive review if Scott's lived up to my expectations...it did.  In fact, the company surpassed my expectations.  I wholeheartedly recommend Scott's.  For full disclosure, my repair was a minor bumper repair for a 550 BMW and my service person was Erik.
1	Taking a $60,000 luxury vehicle (BMW X5) to a body shop and receiving mediocre work while incurring additional damages while under the shop's care is the last thing I expected when choosing Scott's Coach Works after my car was rear-ended, especially after having a friend recommend the place and also reading other positive reviews online.My service advisor, Matt, was very unprofessional to say the least. When he first called me and said my car was ready for pick-up, I was excited and couldn't wait to return my rental car! When I arrived at the shop and looked over their repair work I immediately noticed numerous runs in the paint on the right side of the new bumper. I was in shock... it was like someone that had never painted a car did the work. I pointed this out to Matt and he acted like he had never witnessed this poor quality of work before. I continued to look over the vehicle and noticed additional damage to my front bumper and side mirror that was not originally there when I dropped the car off. Matt said that he would look into the additional damage and get back to me.The shop agreed to repaint the rear bumper and repair the other spots I had found. They called me a few days after telling me that all the repairs were finished. When I arrived for the second time I immediately noticed a raised bump on the rear bumper. Derek, the GM, took a look and confirmed that the raised bump was not acceptable. I also pointed out again that the damage on the front bumper and mirror were not taken care of. He said that they were not sure this damage on the front bumper and mirror was their fault. Afterwards, he took a look through previous pictures of the car when it was brought in and verified the additional damage was not there before. He said that they'd fix it. It was also during this visit where I noticed a Volvo SUV parked in their garage with a large box and equipment stacked right up next to it, touching the entire side of the car. It is no wonder additional damage to vehicles is occurring if this is how they treat their customers' cars.When I returned to the shop for the third time it was hard to get a good look because it was dark (5:30pm) and they had my car parked outside. The rear bumper looked better but I noticed that the damages on the front bumper and mirror were not properly repaired. I should have rejected the repairs again but at this point I just wanted my car back and didn't want to take on the risk of more damage occurring while my car sat in their shop.At the end of all this, my conclusion is that Scott's Coach Works is unprofessional and lied to me on several occasions. I hope others will avoid the additional stress and inconvenience by going to a different body shop. This was a very simple repair job and this shop even had the benefit of being able to order and install a brand new replacement bumper instead of repairing the original damaged bumper. I can only imagine the issues their other customers with more major repairs will have to deal with. Will also report this to BBB Complaint ID 9814420.
1	I took my car to Scotts because of the yelp reviews. I am shocked at how they do business. Appalled actually.I made the mistake of calling the day before to ask if they do any type of deductible waiving like so many body shops are advertising. They made it perfectly clear that thats NOT an option.Because getting my car fixed was the most important, I brought them my car anyways. My insurance company came out and wrote an estimate to include a few repairs to the A pillar and roof of my car. Damage as a result of the accident that I didn't even see. I went in to discuss the estimate with Matt (estimator) and thats when all hell broke loose.  I further made a mistake in asking why I was being charged full retail for all the parts when they were available all over the internet at wholesale prices. DO NOT DARE ASK THESE GUYS FOR ANY BREAKS. When I informed Matt that I had no desire to repair the VERY minor damage to my cars roof because of the nature of the use of my car, they refused my wishes saying that they are going to fix everything on the estimate despite me, the OWNER and CUSTOMER requesting those items NOT to be fixed. I didn't see the point in fixing very minor, almost unnoticeable damage to a 9 year old 100k mile car that I plan on driving till 200k miles when the car will be near worthless, irrelevant of how perfect the body is. My request was simply unacceptable to them. The manager came in to continue to argue with me that they were not going to fix what I ASKED THEM TO FIX and that they were going to fix everything THEY wanted. (Note. I own the car outright. Dont have a lien holder that required the asset to be repaired at all.) Scotts is ALL ABOUT THE MONEY. They want to milk every dime out of an estimate and even told me immediately upon arrival that they were going to need to supplement my insurance company stating "this estimate isn't even close to whats needed." When I realized that no matter what I said, and no matter what I wanted as the owner of the car and customer, that they were going to fight to squeeze every dollar out of the estimate including fix damage I didnt want touched, I requested to remove my car from their possession. I took my car out of there, drove it across the street to Select Auto Body. (VERY HIGH reviews on Yelp) where I talked to Bud. He said he would be happy to work with my insurance company to fix everything that I WANTED FIXED the right way and nothing I didn't want fixed. Appalling at how this company does NOT listen to what a customer wants at all. It was Scotts Coach Works way or NO WAY. Well, thats not how I do business and thats not how I treat the customers that I have in my career.In response to Stephanies attempt to cover up their crap customer service....My car is a 2005 Acura RL. Its 9 years old and has almost 100k miles on it. I own it outright.  1. I asked why ACURA parts sold by an ACURA dealership online for 20% less couldn't be used. Not no-name untrusted parts from shady sources like she leads to believe. Their guy explained they make money buying parts wholesale and selling retail. I dropped the subject. We moved on.2. I had minor scratches on the roof of my car and slightly rippled metal near the moonroof. NOT something that needs to be repaired for the value of the car, the drive-ability, the looks etc etc. I didnt even see them initially. It wasnt even till I saw the insurance adjusters estimate with some roof repairs on it that I asked to see them and then after determining that repairing them wasn't worthwhile due to the age of the car and the value I requested that  SCW NOT fix them and thats when the problem began. 3. When you own a car outright, and file an insurance claim, the insurance company is required to return you to "pre accident condition" financially. Meaning.... If your car has $5000 worth of damage done to it, and you find somebody to fix it for $4000, then you get to keep the change. Legally. So again, Stephanie saying that the customer doesnt get to "keep the profit" is a lie. Her trying to make excuses for CRAP customer service. After arguing with the service writer, telling him that I don't care what he says, I didnt want the minor scratches removed and roof repairs done, and then he went and got his boss to come in and tell me the same BS , i demanded my car be removed from SCW as I am the customer, the owner of the car and I am the one that tells a body shop what to fix, not the other way around. Bottom line... Scotts will repair your car THEIR way, or no way. Dont DARE ask them for a discount or request them to repair or not to repair ANYTHING. Simply go in to SCW with your head bowed and your checkbook open and ask them nicely if they would be so kind as to work on your car pretty please, and you will get along with them just fine.
5	I recently had my BMW 135i front & back bumper covers & side skirts painted at Scott's. I worked with Matt O. (manager, estimator...). I am pleased with the customer service, Matt was very easy to work with. I am happy with the quality of the work, color match and finish was very good. (& I am pretty picky..)  Other considerations in picking Scott's - 1. They are a well established shop and believe they will stand behind their lifetime warranty.  2. They were recommended by European Detail Scottsdale & by the local BMW dealership.
5	Unbelievable repairs...as expected due to Scott's great reputation...but i have to recommend Jason V my service advisor he handled all my concerns and kept me informed all the way through the whole process. Great job guys I will always bring my vehicles to SCW's!!
5	Scott and his crew are amazing to work with. I have referred clients here for years and had my personal vehicles touched up and fixed by them also. They are professional and do fabulous work. I highly recommend them.
