3	This place is worth the drive to save quite a few bucks on a large number of Calvin Klein items.  The store is always clean and busy due to tourists, etc and Phoenicians dropping in to save money.  There is a large variety of mens clothes, however I usually come for mens trunks and muscle tees.  I did find a couple of items I was not looking for, but did not find the tees.  By mistake I had picked up 2 different sizes of trunks and did not find out until I was home.  They have a move them in, move them out mentality sometimes.  I think if the sales associate asked me if I meant to get a small and a medium this could have been solved, as I think I'll need to make my way up again to Anthem.  Their return policy is a bit more restrictive then other stores, but I attribute that to it being an outlet.
4	Let's face it. Fashion is expensive. Calvin Klein has built an empire by selling fashionable attire...for a pretty penny. So, an outlet store is a breath of fresh air.This place has it all, for both men and women. Are you looking for something dressy to wear to work? CK has it. Are you looking for something snazzy/provocative to wear to the club? CK has it. Are you looking for pajamas? Undergarments? Outerwear? Hats? Wallets? Belts? I think we all get the point.In most clothing stores, the staff seem a bit indifferent. Here, the young lady working the register immediately approached us to see if we needed any help. I immediately assumed she thought we were up to no good (hey...I've worked retail, and have subsequently lost a LOT of faith in shoppers). But, as we walked through this location, the young lady would periodically check in with us to ensure that our shopping experience was going well.The prices at this particular outlet are adequate. Sure, some of the merchandise is STILL a tad overpriced, but compared to what you're paying at a full-price retailer, you're getting a great bargain. Many of the items are stellar deals (upwards of 50% off). Other deals, like on many of the jeans, are only $10.00 off. There ARE some jeans that are 50% off though...you just need to be sure and do your due diligence, and you're sure to find yourself a great bargain.Our entire trip to the Outlets at Anthem was impromptu. So, we hadn't even planned on shopping at all. But, now that we know about these good deals, we might plan on taking a trip back sometime soon. After all...Christmas is just around the corner...and who doesn't love a little moderate/high fashion under their tree? A fool...that's who!Shop with confidence and enjoy the bargains!
4	Lots of nice clothes at reasonable prices
2	Good selection of Calvin Klein clothes.  If you buy anything double check their specials. Often when you get the cash register you'll discover the price you thought you were buying something is completely different than the price marked. So if you're one of those type of people (like me) that spend a lot of time shopping and trying clothes on and then going to the register and finding the prices completely different you will be very aggravated, to say the least.
1	Terrible service for clothes that are expensive even after discounts. Nobody greets you. The three employees just hung out talking amongst themselves. Expected more from CK.
