5	My third time here. After opened for almost a month, They just applied some discounts on their menu recently! And they are serving smaller version of couple big dishes now! So sweet! Everything is improving, and the staff is asking for suggestion.I will still say this restaurant is sort of unique, different from those cantonese/taiwanese/szechwuan restaurant. No harm to have a try
1	Food poisoning. Ate there last night and have been to the bathroom 20+ times since. I feel like garbage. Will not be eating here again.
5	Friends and I had enjoyed the previous business at this location and were sad to see it close. This new business is really excellent, both in customer service and great food at reasonable prices. Half my family is Chinese (wife's side) and I lived in Taiwan and traveled mainland for years, so I know fine Chinese food. I am so pleased to once again find excellent Chinese food after trying so many other restaurants in the Phoenix  area. After so many disappointments, FINALLY  a great bistro that serves a wide variety of great and authentic Chinese dishes. A lot of the customers are Chinese, a very key point. We go for lunch at least once a week and love it.
5	Great food! Close to my house, and we are so glad that we have such a great and authentic food around! Will be back.
1	I found this place on Google for Chinese Food delivery. It's only a few miles down the road from me. I called and ordered three things. Two lunch specials and bbq spare ribs appetizer. I was told It would be admit thirty minutes. An hour goes by, I call and ask where the food was. Lady assured me driver was out and delivering. Almost two hours later I called again because no one had shown up. I had to argue with the woman to cancel my order and refund my money. She wanted to give me free food for next order. Like i would order from here again? She finally agreed to refund my money. Literally thirty seconds after we had hung up, the driver arrived. I told him I cancelled because he was two hours late and to leave. He assured me the food was hot. Yeah right. I closed the door and heard him screaming outside of my house into his phone. NEVER ORDER DELIVERY HERE.
5	My new favorite place to dine out. I come here regularly since it is very close to where I live. The boss is very friendly and the food is great! They have taste Shanghai style food and their Szechwan style food is also very good. I will definitely recommend this place.
1	After reading these reviews I was sadly disappointed. The fact that no Asians were eating there when I was should have been a clue.  The food was absolutely the worst excuse for Chinese I have ever had the displeasure of not being able to finish. I suppose there are trade offs. The old Jade House had great food but terrible service. This place has terrible everything. I give them 6 months max and they will be done unless they hire a new kitchen staff.
5	We got take out- the food was good and fresh. The staff are friendly and prices are reasonable.
5	I ordered duck soup and Szechwuan style boiled fish and beef. The dishes are very traditional. The food are fresh and very delicious!
