4	The Chorizo, red pepper pesto, jarlsberg and rocket sandwich I tried here was something special. A little on the pricey side and mostly packed with housewives and their children, Rocket is still a great place to have a lunchtime snack. If you can traverse the Pram legs and get to the counter there's plenty of choice including some tasty jacket potatoes and some equally delicious muffins.  For the average visitor to Edinburgh this Morningside located lunch/brunch cafe may be a little too far away, nonetheless if your in the area and need a reliable provider of tasty grub, Rocket will do.
4	OK the food here is good, and it's all nicely done up but I do feel like maybe it's got ideas above its station? I don't know, just trying a bit hard. That said, my jacket potato was delicious, if a little pricey.Sam's right though. There are kids everywhere. God I hate children. I'm so happy I was never a child. I don't know what to do around them, how to deal with them or not deal with them. There was one who kept trying to talk to me. Apparently it's not OK to tell a child to piss off. So yeah, tasty food, rotten children. Your call.
3	Popped in for breakfast on a miserable sunday morning looking for a lift to my dwindling spirits. There were a couple of tables free and the menu looked pretty good.We opted for French toast, streaky bacon and banana with maple syrup and a bowl of porridge. The kid in me went for a strawberry milkshake while the more serious other half opted for a coffee. First off it all seemed a bit busy for the number of people who were actually in. I noticed a couple of groups  getting their breakfasts at different times - sorry but a pet hate of mine. If you order your food together it should be served together.This proved to be the case for us. Porridge came 5 minutes before my meal arrived and it seemed luke warm rather than piping hot. The French toast was ok but not the most generous on the maple syrup front. The streaky bacon looked like normal back bacon with the fat on. I maybe should have asked for it crispy - it wasn't.  Milkshake was ok but if anyone has had a strawberry frost shake from Tribeca in Glasgow then anything else is going to be struggling to keep up. Staff were pleasant and the prices are competitive. I just think in the packed market place of bruntsfield and morningside it didn't stand out. Perhaps this was an off-morning for the team and I wasn't so disappointed I wouldn't pop in for a coffee again.
4	All the food I've had here is good and the service is very friendly.  Try the burritos and the brownies.
4	We were out and about getting to know the city when we came across this wee gem. It was jam packed, not a seat in the place available. We decided because it was one of those oddly amazingly nice days out we would get some sandwiches and have a picnic at the nearby park.I chose the Wahaca. An interesting blend of spanish chorizo and mexican guacamole with monterey jack cheese and some rocket (of course). It was a club sandwich which means it had an extra slice of toast in the middle which made it super filling. It was good. I ate it up and felt fine about it all. Wouldn't mind trying the other interesting bits on the menu but would like to actually sit down next time. The breakfast menu looks very tasty.
3	I felt pretty let down by Rocket on my first visit last week.It was lunch time and yes the cafe was busy but the staff were shocking.  They were all nice, but there was no order whatsoever and as a result, everyone was running around but nothing really seemed to get done in a proper or timely manner.  It was like everyone was meant to do everything instead of something like:1 person take orders, deliver food and bus tables1 person man the till2 people make foodThere were easily 4 or 5 employees when I was there and we waited aaages to order (only to have 3 people then ask to take our order), my friend ordered soup and a sandwich which came out a good 10 minutes before my dish, and getting the bill was painful - we eventually had to go up to the till only to find that they had no record of our order.  Additionally, I ordered the burrito which was fine, but was *really* heavy on the onion which was diced into the salsa so unavoidable.Overall, as I said I felt pretty let down.  The staff were nice and I would come back for takeaway but the manic air to the place made for a less than pleasant eat in experience.
5	Fresh, tasty, constantly changing & improving menu, friendly staff, bright & airy decor, local art on the walls, reasonably priced What more could you want from your local cafe?
4	Rocket is a small but perfect sized cafe/lunch spot at the top of Morningside.  I've been a few times since I used to live down the road.  They have great sandwiches and delectable treats (my favourite being the chocolate/graham cracker/fudge fridge tray bake - not sure what the actual name is?!) I was here about three weeks ago with my boyfriend for lunch.  I was feeling like something texmex so I chose the chicken burrito while my boyfriend ordered the chicken and chorizo club sandwich.  I was very satisfied with my burrito and my boyfriend was satisfied with his meal.  See the picture that I added! The staff are very friendly although sometimes the service can be a little slow.  They can be quite busy especially mid-morning. I believe you can reserve a table if you call in advance.  If you are in the area and require a nice, healthy, lunch definitely check this place out.
3	I do like Rocket and their cakes are lovely as is their coffee, but as Emily H said, the staff seemed to be a bit lost, sometimes appearing to not have much of an idea on what was going on.That aside, this was one of the first coffee shops I tried in Edinburgh about 4 years ago and it has came on leaps and bounds since I first tried it, which has seen it expand and offer more food but has also seen it take a dip in terms of service and attentiveness that used to be offered up by the staff.The atmosphere in Rocket goes beyond bustling in to the almost "frenzy-like" with the staff as well as the customers seeming to be a notch above everyone else in the hyperactivity spectrum. I don't mean any of this as negative comments, I just like being lazy when I go to a coffee shop and enjoy just flumping on a couch and reading a book. My usual pairing when I go here is a slice of carrot cake and a large latte, it's enough to keep my quiet for 30 minutes or so. Just be quick enough to get a seat because it does get awfully busy around lunch times and the two hour period after work.Will definitely be back to here but will try and go on a morning that will hopefully be quieter than the lunchtime experience that this review has come from,
5	I have been going to Rocket since 2009, and it has always been great. Lots of vegetarian/vegan options, and the prices are super reasonable. Staff is always friendly, and even when it's very busy, I still usually manage to find a table. Even after moving to Glasgow, I always try to make a stop at Rocket if I'm in Morningside visiting.
3	Great for a quick bite to eat. You can make your own sandwiches which makes it easy. They do have a credit card minimum which was annoying when I had to buy a drink in addition to my sandwich in order to pay with my card. Overall though, great little place!
