5	Where do I start??? I was tired of being let down with crappy service and ridiculous added fees.  This is when I was drawn to desperation of calling a company with no references and hoping for the best. I called Holts because I liked the fact they were family owned.  It's now been 5 years and I have never once considered another company for floor cleaning.  Jason and his family are good people who take pride in their business. I use Holts for frequent cleanings of my personal home and also in my daily business needs (Real Estate). How can I best explain it.... Holts is professional, personable, honest, reliable, they answer their calls, return messages, show up on time, listen to your needs, affordable, use clean equipment (so important, who wants dirty equipment used to clean your house??), respects your home, offer treatment for "pet smells", and really spend the time cleaning your flooring properly.  End result.... beautifully clean floors.  Sounds so simple, but believe me... company's like this are far and few between.  I have sold Real Estate for over 13years and can say, once I find a good resource - I hold onto it! Thank you Holt's for making it simple :-)
5	Jason does a great job! Second time we have used his service. Our tiles and carpet are now looking new again. Thank you for the good job and reasonable prices! Recommended to my friends.
3	Was on time and courteous and did a good job for parts he did.. But he skipped parts of upstairs hallway and didn't lift or move runner to clean underneath and missed cleaning carpet area in hallway outside bedroom entrance. So overall not that pleased.
5	So very pleased with our experience. Jason did a great job. He was on time, friendly, and very thorough. Their prices are great for the awesome service you get. We will use Holt's again.
5	All I can say is WOW!!!I'm going to get to the point. I didn't think the carpet could look that good again. After you see the rig Jason comes in with to do the cleaning you know he means business!We had our carpet and tile done and all I can say is choose them to do it you will have no regrets. Thanks Jason you have my business for life!
5	Jason came to my home (which I am preparing to sell) and cleaned the carpets and tile beautifully. It really added the finishing touch.He arrived in a timely manner and completed the job professionally and efficiently.
