4	I was up north in the Cave Creek area on business yesterday and stopped by this Hot Dog stand.  What a wonderful surprise! The Hot Dog Guy, Jerry Vicena is indeed from Chicagoland and has a good understanding on how to make and serve a tasty dog.  But, he's not just a one trick pony with his Chicago Red Hots.  He also serves a Coney Island dog, a Polish, a East Coaster, etc.  All were very good from what the folks around me said, as we sat and ate while enjoying the cool sunny day up north. I would definitely, definitely come back or make a special trip to this Hot Dog Guy!  Nice job, Jerry!  You do Chi-caw-go proud!
4	Stopped by Hot Dog Guy after a hike today. He was located on Cave Creek Road in front of El Encanto's market. I had a Chicago Dog and hubby had a Wild West Wiener. The bill was less than $10 and the dogs were tasty. He uses Vienna Beef dogs and nice, fluffy poppy seed buns from Basha's. The Chicago Dog had lots of tomatoes, a pickle spear and some good sport peppers. The Wild West Wiener had BBQ sauce, bacon, and Frito's corn chips.I will definitely stop by again for fast, cheap, good food!
4	Oh, how I have missed Chicago Dogs since moving here.  They were good, although one of my buns had a hard bottom.  He claims he bakes them fresh everyday.  The celery salt really made the dog and most of my buns were moist.  I did miss having fresh cut fries...not quite Gene and Judes...but close.
5	Great place for a dog!  We live in Indiana and go see him when we are in Scottsdale.  Nice to keep locals in business!
5	Great hot dogs, great service, and he even takes debit if you're out of cash!
5	Hey - All the local construction guys eat here - so you he has good quality stuff at low prices.Nice assortment of different Hot dogs.
5	I was really craving a Chicago dog knew just the place to go have never been disappointed had 2 of them
5	Being from Chicago, I know a good hot dog.  When a friend from New York who lived in Cave Creek told us about the "Hot Dog Guy" and that he serves top-notch NY- and Chicago-style dogs, we knew we had to go.  Finding out that Jerry is a fellow Chicagoan and knows how a dog should taste was quite a happy feeling.  The Coney was phenomenal.  At the risk of sounding blasphemous--the Polish was better than Portillos'.  No fooling.  AND the best part is--you get $1 off your 2nd dog!  So, of course, we got another Polish.  Very pleasant ambiance and quick service--closed my eyes and felt like I was "home" again.  Chicagoans or New Yorkers--please stop by and give him your business.  And anybody else who appreciates a great hot dog--for that matter!!!!!
5	Went here today for the first time and had a Chicago style dog.  It was good.  I will go back.
5	The concept is great. Framework "so green." The ice is to die. Do not miss that. The burgers are tops. You just have to be patient to find a seat
