5	I've tried 5 different snow cone places in town and this is my favorite by far. Huge desserts for a low price, a lot of flavors to choose from, and all very yummy. I'm here just about every other day. Owners are nice too. Always mixing up new flavors. My favorite (as of today) Lemonade. Oh yea...
5	This is the BEST shaved ice I have ever had!! I live in Henderson and it is well worth the extra drive. Great flavors, lots of choices, friendly service and a delicious gummy frog on top!!
5	The Best!! Hands down!  Great taste, great service.  Love the names of the desserts...so cool!
5	DELICIOUS! They are local family business which is nice to see. Great Prices on yummy desserts! ENJOYED:)Another thing I was happy with is that I am someone that is gluten free and lactose free...and i have a sensitive stomache but I could enjoy this dessert without tummy pains!THEY ARE VERY GENEROUS WITH DONATING MONEY TO GREAT CAUSES...including the Fire!CANT GO WRONG WITH THIS PLACE!
5	This is some good stuff!  Today they were donating 75% of their profits to Oklahoma which I think is an awesome way to do business.  Not to mention the treats were quite refreshing on a hot day like today.  Being that it is right around the corner from where we live we will definitely be back!
4	I think I may have eaten a bag of sugar last night.  Why? Because I ate a small shave ice at Frozen Frog.A warning to all, the portions are HUGE.  I saw a medium and it was ridiculous.  I can't even imagine what a large looks like.They offer shave ice in three sizes: Small ($3.00), medium ($4.00), and large ($5.00).  You can choose up to three flavors per cup.  I had tiger's blood, white coconut, and lili koi (passionfruit).  They had a great selection, even offering randos such as wedding cake (???).And, for a dollar more, you can get ice cream or condensed milk.  I'd recommend the condensed milk because it elevates the shave ice to creamy deliciousness.  Then, for 50 cents more, you can add stuff like mochi, shaved coconut, or adzuki beans.What really makes me a fan, however, is the cup.  It's not some styrofoam drinking cup, it's a sturdy, wide-mouthed, shaped-like-a-funnel, plastic cone.  It made eating this enormous dessert much easier and less messy. Win.
5	IT IS AWESOME!!my favorite part? the employees! they are extremely personable, and want to know their costumers. I love their ice, and their variety of flavors, and they do their best to make everyone happy!I can't wait until they open a store!
5	Tried this place for the first time tonight. My friend ordered the root beer float speciality, and I had a mixture of three flavors. The size of these things is impressive. I ordered the medium, and I could barely finish it. Being accident prone, I spilled some on the table. The guy working immediately  came to the rescue and cleaned up my mess. He even gave some coupons for our next trip. I love finding these hidden gems. It adds character to this great city.
5	The Frozen Frog was our favorite at the food truck show!  We almost went back later for a second one because it was one of the best Shave ice ever!  We got three flavors on a medium -Blue raspberry, pineapple and cherry- it was massive and delicious.  I'm not a big sugar syrup person but these flavors were fantastic.  I can not wait to have one in the summer!  Oh and they serve the ice with a gummy frog on top.  A fantastic touch!
5	This place is Mobil and absolutely amazing!! It was Much more then just an orgasm in your mouth! ! I have lived in Vegas my whole life and have never had saved ice like this before!   There flavor combinations are absolutely unbelievable the owners deserve  some serious kudos for this place. The portions crazy huge! it's a sweet treat in  las Vegas 100+ weather. They have a food truck and rock the Hell out of it!
4	Mmmm Yummy, nothing is better on a hot bland day than a nice cup of Frozen Frog!The Frozen Frog truck stops by my place of employment from time to time and I was lucky enough to catch them this time!I decided on the chubby frog combination. It was so much goodness in flavor because the Owner I heard makes the syrups from scratch.  The fineness of the ice and flavoring is a winner for me.The have some really good combinations of multiple flavors they have created or you can make your own!The price is ridiculous good as well especially considering the portion!Friendly service with a smile and a great product that will help get me through this Summer!Check in on Yelp for $1.00 off! Enjoy!
5	Seriously the best shaved ice I have ever had.... the flavors are fabulous and the ice is shaved to perfection. The owners of it are super friendly and you can tell they work really hard to please their customers. 10 out of 10.
4	Fair prices [including kids size] and great specialty flavors! Saw them @ First Friday and it was definitely a great stop on a hot June day. Quick and friendly service with a smile! They drive their truck to many locations so call and see where they are located and go get one of their shaved ice treats!
5	This is a great treat for those super hot Las Vegas days. This little traveling green trailer swings by my job and if you check in you get a $1 off. They have so many flavors and put Gummi frogs on every cup. You can also add red Bull to any of their flavors. They have pre-made combos or you can mix and match any flavor you want.
3	Charming service with refreshing shaved ice treats served with a smile and an awesome price at a local farmer's market, out of a trailer no less! The bright colors of the Frozen Frog grabbed my attention and my business right away.Opted for the small Rio Grande Frog combination (blue coconut and banana shaved ice with a gummy frog candy)- with Yelp check in, your $3 purchase goes down to $2. Appreciated that they honored the check in discount even though I was unable to check in due to distance, since the address on their page is wrong (they are mobile).Tasty treat is enormous and delicious- flavor syrups are homemade, and the combination of blue coconut and banana tasted just like a trip to the pool!
5	The Frozen Frog can only be described in one word. Amazing! The ice is perfectly shaved and the syrup is always plentiful not to mention delicious!  Portions are huge. I would reccomend getting a small or kids unless you really love shave ice enough to eat a shave ice as big as or bigger then your head! If the line takes long its because they perfect each cone. Love this place! You need to try it if your in the Las Vegas area. Check their facebook to see where they will be daily.
5	Wow, this was the best tasting snowcone of my life.Best parts:1. I liked the cups. Very easy to hold (a few years ago I had a snow cone fall on me and it was kind of traumatic because I was wearing white pants!).2. I liked the gummy frog on top!3. Really tasty syrup.Would get again!
5	My favorite place to stop after picking the kiddos up from school! Love, love, love The Frozen Frog!
5	My favorite of all shaved ice! Excellent! I will have major withdrawals from from this place when we move
