5	My PCP at this office is Dr. Chad Campbell, D.O. and I love him! He really spends time with you in the exam room listening to your symptoms and assessing you current state of health. He and his staff are competent and have great triage skills so if you have a last minute emergency on Friday and call the office, they will be able to fit you in or tell you its okay to wait until Monday. As a Registered Nurse, I am picky about my providers and highly recommend Dr Campbell to anyone looking for a PCP!Also, as a side note: For those of you who get caught up in the suffix of M.D.'s and D.O.'s please don't. I know the old school way was MD's and there is this prestigious entitlement around MDs, but D.O.'s actually have an extra class (it's their Osteopathy class they take each semester for their entire schooling) to take in order to graduate so don't dwell on the suffix, dwell on the actual provider!
5	When our beloved family doctor "retired" , I was so worried about how anyone could even come close to his caring medical skills.  We went through a few replacements and then lucked out with Dr. Chad Campbell.  He listens to our concerns and responds with appropriate treatment.  We like him and hope he stays here forever.  Hey, when your nurse daughter and paramedic son say that they like him - that speaks VOLUMES!
5	Dr. Campbell is an amazing doctor. He has a great disposition. He listens without rushing you out of his office. Actually, when he is asking you questions to attempt to determine the solution to your situation he makes you feel like you're his only patient in the world.  I moved here a year ago and feel so fortunate to have found him. His nurse is amazing as well. She is always upbeat and makes you fell better in the worst of situations. I feel like I've "Hit the Jackpot" with my primary healthcare provider!. I would recommend Dr. Campbell to my friends and family. Also... I don't know how he does it, but there is never a long wait time. This is key for me as I have 3 you children and a very busy schedule. Thanks Dr. Campbell!Sincerely,Angela Kisner
5	I have been a patient of Dr. A. Katz for over 15 years.  He is kind, caring, and thoughtful.  I have such trust in him, that I moved my kids from their pediatrician to him while they were in middle school.  His PA is just as wonderful.  They have take great care of my family.
5	Dr. Campbell is great. Excellent bedside manner, really takes the time to get to know you. I really like the online patient portal. I spend a lot of time on the computer, and don't like sitting on hold. Using this portal I had easy access to email Dr. Campbell, and check out lab results. Dr. Campbell is really responsive to the email, usually replies same day  ( if it were an emergency I would just call)
4	The staff, doctors, PAs, RNs, etc are mostly great!  They are very quick, efficient, low waiting time (if there is any), great location, able to see you same day (if you call 8am - 8:30am), and all around exceed expectations..... The only reason I did not rate this business 5/5 is because when I have called the main line to make an appointment or to request a follow up phone call, the receptionists can be curt.  I understand they have business to conduct, but speaking as if you are mid-bite into a sandwich,yelling to background noise while on the phone, and being short is a difficult combination to tolerate..... especially when there are so many other places to go to in North Scottsdale.I will continue going there, I think they are a great group of doctors / medical professionals, and I am overall very happy with Paradise Valley Family Medicine.
3	NO - NO - NO  Dr.. Chad Campbell moved to Mesa from PV Family Medicine.  My family loved him.  He was just a rare medical man - so caring.   I assume he is that far away because of a non-compete clause.  Good thing because I would have followed him if it was closer.  NOW what do I do????????Lucky Mesa people to have him.
1	Now that Dr. Chad Campbell no longer with this group, i can say that i tried another doctor there and just not happy at all :( really bummed!!
5	I really like this practice.  Dr. Lindsay was very pleasant and honest with me.  My blood pressure was reading higher than it normally has but I have history of high blood pressure on both sides of my family.  I'm extremely active in CrossFit and eat well so she did not jump to the conclusion of putting me on a high amount of medication.  I liked that she wanted to monitor me by putting me on a different diet.  I'm glad that I went with this practice and I plan on making this primary care.
5	My husband and I have been patients of Dr A. Katz for 14 years. He always treats us well, never makes us wait long to see him and listens. He has a good bedside manner and is extremely intelligent. We have always been pleased with his front office staff, RN's and NP's. Now that he's got a new location at Thompson Peak Parkway he is closer to our house. Dr Katz is just good people and a great doc.
3	Wah! Dr. Chad Campbell left :(I would drive by many primary care offices closer to me just to see him!Even though my favorite practitioner left (see above and previous review) I decided to give this place another try and opted to see another provider (after a rude scheduling with a receptionist whom I never spoke with before and didn't see her at my appointment). When I arrived I was greeted with a friendly smile and only had to wait about 10 minutes after my schedule appointment (it happens, no biggie). The MA was incredible with her bedside manner but the practitioner I saw was not. She never even shook my hand or looked up from her computer when she entered the room and had zero bedside manner or conversational skills. We only made eye contact when she was leaving the exam room. Upon her re-entering she was a completely different person looking up to me and making small talk. Turns out she read my chart and found out my profession and thus had more to say to me. Not impressed, I think I was spoiled with Dr. Campbell.Looks like I'll be requesting a copy of my medical records and going elsewhere.
1	*Disappointing, uncaring experience.  No follow-up.  Apparent left-hand/right-hand problems in the office, but at least the office staff is pleasant...*Heard some good things about this practice, so it came to mind when I had a recent medical issue (and needed to find a new PCP).  I had some flank pain and then days later had an incident of hematuria (rather unsettling and far too much for me to trust my Internet medical degree).  So, I went ahead made an appointment.Scheduling was smooth/friendly.  Got a relatively quick appointment (called on Friday, appointment on Monday) to see the NP at their new location on Thompson Peak.Day of the appointment, the desk personnel were friendly, the paperwork normal, and the desk personnel pleasant/friendly.   The wait was quite reasonable (pretty close to scheduled time - unusual for a doctor's office).The MA was generally friendly and efficient, and the wait for the NP was short.  The NP was professional (though some might not think of her as "friendly" or "pleasant").  As a previous reviewer mentioned, she was laptop-focused and efficient.Left a quick sample (verified hematuria w/in a few minutes) and received an order for anti-biotics (to fight off any potential kidney infection) and an ultrasound - and told to try and get one right away (to look for stones).Got an appointment and took care of the ultrasound that afternoon.The following evening I experienced some pretty severe flank pain in the middle of the night, but it subsided on its own.  I logged into their patient portal and left a note to that effect.Two days later, not having heard anything back (odd as the radiologist's office indicated results would be sent to my PCP next day), I called the office at around 1:45p, and was told that the NP had not reviewed the results yet, but that they would take my callback number and send her message to review the ultrasound.At first, I was kind of annoyed, but then, I was actually kinda of happy to hear that it wasn't a priority (must not be that bad).Later that afternoon (~5:30p), I receive a message via their patient portal from the NP asking if I had gotten an ultrasound and rather curtly telling me that I really need to go get that ultrasound...  HUH?So, I sent a reply letting her know that I had gotten the ultrasound and contacted the office earlier that afternoon.The next day, I get a call from a pleasant person from their office (not an NP or doctor) letting me know that a doctor had reviewed the ultrasound, and it was clear/normal (no cysts or stones).  OK - cool.  So, of course, I asked, great, what next?  I'd really like to get to the bottom of this... And the answer was literally, "Well, I don't know, but at least the ultrasound was clear!" (and I could hear the very genuine smile on the other end).It has been 3 days, no response to the message I sent in reply in the patient portal.  No follow-up.  No posting of the ultrasound results to the patient portal.  Nothing.  Silence.Maybe my expectations are skewed, as I have been somewhat fortunate in never having any real medical issue to date, but when I see myself pissing blood and have unexplained flank pain, I really, really wanna understand why - and I kinda feel like my care provider would generally follow-up quickly on something like this - or at least tell me if there's nothing to follow-up on.   Really.  You don't even have to call me.  I like technology.  Use your patient portal and copy+paste your notes... Really.At the end of the day, I suppose I'm responsible for my own well-being though, and so I will.  I've got an appointment with a new doctor tomorrow afternoon :-).  Maybe it's nothing.  Maybe it's something, but I'll keep looking until I find a care provider that can/would-like-to help me find out.
1	Reminded today of what terrible experience was... got notification of the bill :-).  Apparently, billing is slow, too.  Right on their statement, it shows my insurance paid on 10/20.  I got the bill this morning (12/17).  $105 for a 10 minute visit with a PA and a simple urinalysis...  My share is apparently $48.   Even that small amount makes me feel ripped for the complete lack of care.   Fortunately, it did prompt me to find another practice - ironically in the same complex - at Grayhawk Medical who have turned out to be great.
