5	I have lived in Madison on and off for years and never visited, but I am so glad I finally got there.  I popped into the Admiralty Room one Saturday afternoon and was incredibly pleased.  I sat in front of the huge windows and watched people playing in the snow on the frozen lake.  There was hardly anyone there at the time, so it was very calm and quiet.  I could hear the people at the next table speaking German and the head waiter had a strong Italian accent which made the whole experience seem so continental.The iced tea came with a lemon wrapped in a yellow net with a green ribbon, so luxurious!  The chicken sandwich tasted like a summer barbecue and it came with fresh fruit and a delicious mixed green salad. After the meal they brought two chilled chocolate truffles and the whole meal was maybe $10.Wonderful way to spend an afternoon.
2	This place was a tale of two visits. First off, it is a city landmark, it's been around forever and has dated decor, but I find that charming. It's also right on Lake Mendota, so the views are awesome.The restaurant we've eaten at is called The Admiralty, the fine dining room. The first time I went was pretty much flawless. I had the duck and it was cooked perfectly. They do a tableside Caesar salad that was recommended to me by a friend and it was one of the best I've had anywhere. The staff was also exceptional. The second time was different. The staff was still very courteous and friendly, but the cap came off of one of the bottles of ingredients in the tableside Caesar, spilling way too much of whatever it was on the lettuce, I could DEFINITELY taste the difference, it was very bitter. I should've had him re-do it. He then recommended the Steak Diane to me as one of their specialties. It's a classic recipe you don't see in too many restaurants, so I tried it. I wouldn't recommend it. It is also done tableside, and the steak was cooked perfectly, but the other flavors weren't very desirable and it comes with no sides because it is loaded with roasted veggies. The only thing that was good both times was the service and the desserts, tableside flambe's. I wouldn't tell someone not to go there, but Madison has better fine dining places.
