4	Amazing management staff! We went in on a Friday night and it was busy, so we took a high-top in the bar. We were greeted right away, but with the number of customers they had, it took awhile for our food to come out. The manager came over and asked us if we would like an appetizer or salads on the house and we declined (it didn't even feel like we'd be waiting a long time). The food came out about 5 minutes after the manager left and they brought us a free pizzookie at the end of our meal. Can't ask for better service! I love their deep dish pizza as well- dead on to Chicago-based places like Giordannos or Lou Malnottis :)
4	I've been to other Old Chicago's and this one is much newer and cleaner inside, it used to be a Uno's back when I used to work over near there.  Probably why I had to add this location in Yelp.The meatball Stromboli was pretty good, def not the best I've had but not the worst either.  Lots of sports on tv to keep us busy while waiting, which honestly wasn't that long but the manager came out to offer us free appetizer or dessert and apologized.I'd go back :) Happy Hours:Monday - Friday 4pm - 6pm and 10pm - Midnight
3	Buffalo Wings are pretty good.  i had them with the mojo ipa which is perfect with spicy food.  then we had a deep dish classic pizza.  good dough and decent cheese/topping/sauce ratio.
3	All I had here was the pizza ... was hoping for something spectacular and just got "ok"  It wasn't bad, but again nothing impressive.  I think I will go back and try other stuff and maybe change my rating.  I will keep ya posted if I do!
2	After watching Kick ass at the near by Harkins, my buddy and I decided to walk down the street and grab a bite to eat. I was being treated for my birthday (it was actually on Thursday the 22nd) so I was hoping for a good time. Last time we split a Chicago pan pizza which was really huge and good. The greeter took us right to our table near the bar and in perfect view of the start of the Laker game. Our server was a great help in narrowing down our choices as we both wanted to try something new besides the pizza. I ordered the chicken parm and he had the cheese tortellini. Both came out after about 20 minutes which seemed longer given that I had missed breakfast but was worth it when I saw the food. Nice looking chicken breaded and baked till crispy not soggy. They also did not skip on the cheese which was a great thing in my book as I am a big cheese freak LOL.Everything was great until I tasted the pasta sauce. Instead of mumm, it was more like What the hell is this! All I can say is yuck! The sauce tasted like a can of tomato sauce, mixed with one of those season packets from a pack of chicken flavored top ramen. Now I do not like to send my food back (seen to many of those caught on camera specials on fox I guess) but I had to this time. I asked the waitress if this is the main sauce they use for all their dishes and she said yes except for the pizza. Thank goodness for that was my thought. That left me with very limited choices so I decided to just finish my meal with a order of mozzarella sticks. The chicken parm was removed and was taken off our bill which was great but left me with the birthday blues. After about the second cheese stick I was ready to go. My buddy was buzzing like a happy little bee after the two beers and a double shot of Irish whiskey he had so we paid the check and left.Now I know this place does one thing and does it really well and that is Pizza. As long as that is what your order then you are golden, but try to stray into the path of the unknown and you to will be sorry.
4	The "Meat Me" was excellent!  Friendly staff
3	This is a tough one....on one hand, I LOVE their beer selection and their beer program. The tours are awesome. Its just a great place to meet up for happy hour or just for a couple pints. I'm not into the food though. Its not bad....it's just not great. I guess  I'm looking for great. The best thing they have going is their pizza but If I'm going out for pizza, I can think of 3-4 places I'd rather go. However, none of those places have the beer selection that OC has. Therein lies the dilemma.
1	Stopped out for some drinks for a friends bday and was not impressed.  The service was quite uncomfortable...the server moved sooo slow, and the restaurant wasn't very busy.  When I ordered a beloved Estrella Damn Lager, the server had no idea what I was asking for and responded with a big : "HUH?!"  Then he dropped off the beer, started to walk away THEN asked for my ID.  Akward.....then we were all ready for our bills, it took him forever to come around...when we finally saw him near our table, someone from the party had to flag him down because he wasn't going to stop by.  Then after collecting payments from everyone, it took about 10 minutes for him to bring them all back.  The server seemed quite overwhelmed by our party of 10 that mostly ordered beer and appetizers.
2	Seriously the only reason it is getting two stars tonight is because they have snakebites.Now I will be the first to say that I frequent Old Chicago quite often, but tonight was down right depressing. The bar area was about 29 degrees warmer than an oven baking cookies, and myself and date were downright sweating at the table. Ordered two beers, one (mine) perfect, the other was super flat; our waitress was super sweet and took care of it right away, but only after letting us know that the second choice was out.I will for sure be back to give it one more shot, but it was truly a HUGE disappointment tonight; especially when we were there to enjoy a cool night in with a draft.
4	I've been here a couple of time.  Usually before a movie.Most recent visit was on 8/26/11 and we were served by a waitress who I think goes by the name of Katie.  She was a hit.  Attentive, interactive, and hilarious.So far, everything we have ordered from both the bar and the kitchen were delicious and satisfying.
4	Go for happy hour!  Delicious and inexpensive mini pizzas.  Pretty good selection of beer.  I also like to take their pizzas home to eat.
4	I really like Old Chicago (OC) for a few different reasons. If you're a fan of beer like me, they've got a decent line up and rotation of beers (draft and bottle) from all over the world. Also they have this program called world beer tour where you get some free goodies if you drink a certain amount (can we say promoting alcoholism? I'm down). This kinda reminds me of the old program they had going at rock bottom where they would put your name on the placard if you drank like over 100 beers (and you get like tshirts, free food, etc along the way)Secondly, the pizza is darn delicious there. I know it's a chain, but still great tasting pizzas with variety of toppings. I haven't got a chance to try anything other than the pizzas there, but hey isn't this supposed to be a pizza place? Mama mia. Lastly, it's super close to my school and I have gotten take out a few times so another star for convenience.
4	This was a first visit! It was a great experience.Service by Katie was top notch, the kind of personality that completes the dining experience. She was gregarious and attentive.The fried pickles were great, the best we have had. Ordered one batch and had to have another. And of course there is a wide array of beers to choose from.Ordered the thin crust pizza. It was good. Will try the deep dish next time.Had to have a slice of cheesecake when discovered that it was house made. Wow!It was nice to see teamwork with the service staff.It was just one of those dining experiences that was great all around.
3	Istanbul Is Not Constantinople By The RueWent out to the picture show,Had a bite at Old Chicago,I sort of wanted a taco,But this is where I decided to go,The "Meat Me" is like a meat trio,Lots of meat and tomato,I didn't go with a bimbo,When I write my rhymes flow,I'm glad you're all in the know,Drank 2 Kiltlifters, oh? And my speech didn't slow,The tab wasn't much dough,I've never had to "eat crow",Pucker up your lips and blow,Dandelion seeds will sow,And then the weeds will grow,Use a garden tool like a hoe,Nothing to do with my review though,Signs in the bar they do glow,Lots of beers on tap, doh!If beer drinking was a sport I'd be pro,Tell your mom and tell your beau,Go ahead and tell your alter ego,If I could I would have a big afro,When I hit the lake I like to row,I think my review has hit a low,Shoot me with your arrow and bow,That's it for my review, although,I'll finish by saying the food was so-so.Broccoli
3	Now I am extremely picky as far as pizza goes and was definitely not feeling fantastic when we had arrived for my boyfriends fantasy football draft.  So I wanted to see if eating food would help and would take away my weird stomach pains.  The guys ordered the pizza kind of late so I was dying by the time the pizza came out. Even though I ordered the ginger pomegranate sparkler which unfortunately did not help as much as I would have liked.  The pizzas were so much better than I expected because the last time that we came my burger was so bland.  I absolutely hated it.  But the other day changed my mind, those pizzas were awesome. Not my absolute favorite or anything but i look forward to the next visit so that way I can try different toppings.  I heard the pizookie was just okay and okay doesn't tempt me ever to try it, I will be sticking to the pizzas and sparklers from now on ;)
4	Love the Pizza every time!!!  We come here for late night dinners once in awhile.  We  are never unhappy with anything!  the food, drinks and service are always great.  The extensive beer menu has allowed my husband to discover a few good beers that he never would have tried otherwise.  When he finds something he likes we can go to BEVMO and order them in bulk to have at home.
1	was excited to try this place out but that turned around real quick shortly after being there. waitress was super slow, always chatting w other co-workers, going outside to do who knows what, look at our table and clearly see we needed things and just look away! one would think the pizza at this place would be half way decent, the personla size one i got was disgusting, seemed like it was made in the microwave, barely any sauce, loads of unmelted cheese on top of soggy barely cooked crust! we got a nachos appetizer with a scarce amount of cheese again barely metled! a few pepper rings and god knows what kind of shredded meat, and an appetizer sampler which was the one half way decent thing. very unenjoyable experience dont waste your time and money!
3	I was not that impressed with the food.  I ordered a turkey bacon sandwich which came on bread that was so over toasted it was close to being burnt.  Also, the description of my sandwich said that it was going to come with fries that had onions on them.  I didn't receive any onions.  My son had the kid's mac & cheese which was quite large for a kid's meal.  He ate it all so I'm guessing he liked it.  I do have to say though that the chocolate cake dessert with a scoop of ice cream was REALLY good.  But also kinda small.The service was good but overall not good enough experience for me to want to be a regular customer.
2	I love Old Chicago but not this one. Pizza was over cooked and not as good of quality I would come to expect from Old Chicago
5	Went today for the first time. Cool place. Pretty basic. Huge selection of beer. Service was good also. Didn't have any food. Maybe next time.
3	The food is pretty good.  It used to be Uno's. . .Plenty of servers, however, wasn't crowded at 9 p.m. at night.  The waiter forgot the ranch even when requested during the order.  I guess the staff was winding down from a hectic night, but regardless, the give-a-care factor wasn't present.  Portions were decent.  One of the prearranged silverware bundles was missing a knife.  Bathroom was clean.  Background music was soft.The only thing that saved this place was the quality of the mix drinks and the fact that our party of 3 was in no rush.
3	i'm torn about this place. they have fun beer tasting rewards programs, but are often out of the newer varieties i try to order. their reverse happy hour food is tasty, especially the pub pizzas & jalapeno pretzels, but their deals aren't that great and they recently raised the happy hour prices. i visit in busy and slow times alike but the service is usually consistent in that servers are just going through the motions, don't check in with customers frequently enough whether they sit at the bar or not, and they all seem to exude a vibe that they are ready for new jobs elsewhere. i have found most menu items pretty darn tasty tho and they have a big patio for smokers if you are into that.
1	Went there today for lunch in the bar. Ordered a drink and asked for a menu. Got the drink but no menu. I decided to find my own the bartender must have forgot. I finished my drink and the bartender still hadn't returned to fill my drink or take my order.  The bartender instead starts drinking and hanging out with some friends at one of the tables.  A gentleman next to me asked for a drink said he didn't have a lot of time and is polite enough to remind her I needed a drink and food also. She replies that's too bad. After hearing that I threw some money on the bar and walked out. The bartender had red hair I believe and a walking cast on her leg.  I will never return. It's a shame looked like a nice place
3	Not a bad place if you like craft beers. I came in to start another mini tour. I always love the food especially the pizza. The service is usually good, however today it sucked. We were seated at the bar 10 minutes before we were greeted by the bartender.  Not a full bar either. The food we ordered was out in a reasonable time and was delicious. My only issue today was with the bartender and the service we got. If I go there again and see her tending I will go to the restaurant part.
4	Had a better experience today with that particular bartender. Just went in for a couple beers to add to the mini tour. Service today was good.
5	Absolutely love this place! Bartenders are great, and the pub pizza is phenomenal. If you're into beer, the beer tours are a definite plus.
4	I still enjoy Old Chicago after all this time.  Great place with lunch specials, good soups and always something FUN on Tap!   It feels like a true pub and places that seem few and far between these days. PS. They still have the PIZZA thing Down Pat!
1	First time here and they were out of both entrees that we wanted. No apology for being out. No nothing. Very disappointed and the other choices were not worth the wait. Don't waste your time waiting the 30mins. You would do better at Pizza Hut.
2	Well I must disclaim that I lived in Chicago so I have high standards for Chicago style food.  This place was basically, all around ok but nothing I would go out of my way for.  It's a standard, typical, American fare restaurant.  My boyfriend was under the impression that since this is a "Chicago restaurant" that his pizza would be deep dish (and it wasn't, so he was disappointed).  The service was ok as well, although they kind of gave me a hard time when I presented them with my yelp check in deal stating they had never heard of it but would give me the discount anyway (why don't you look at my phone so I can show you the deal?)  If you are craving truly authentic, Chicago style food, go elsewhere (ahem..looking at some of my other reviews).
5	Our server Ian was pretty good. We never had to ask for a refill and every time he brought one he would say "cheers". The calzone I had was very good. I will be bringing my family back for more.
5	I had a $2 pizza it was great for the price. The server was attentive and had and excellent memory.
5	This place is awesome! The first time I came here was for an early dinner late lunch and the staff was great even though they were between the rushes, everyone seems like they really enjoy their jobs which always makes a huge difference. The Italian nachos are fantastic and if you come in late the "bar specials" after 10pm are a steal!
3	I have always liked this place.  The food has been good in the past but has seemed to decline in quality.  Today may burger was ok where in the past it has been great. One order of wings was not cooked through.  The food was just ok this time very disappointed.   They have a great selection of beer and the OC ice tea is really good.  I hope they will get their stuff together.   I hope to return again but will wait a while.
2	So the service was bad. I must admit I really liked what I ordered however my boyfriend was extremely displeased with the quality of his meal. First time we've been to this place, probably won't be back. From what I've read the only thing that sounds good is their bar.
5	love this place! We had the same waiter both times and Ian was awesome! Food is really good too! Will be back again. Especially like the beer samples so we know what to choose :-)
4	I ordered take out pizza, it was pan size thin crust. It was delicious, the price was a little high, but well worth it.
5	Good go-to bar. Good service and the best beer options on town. Food is good, this is my go-to ace for a beer and wings or a pizza. Good adult atmosphere.
