2	New York pizza, this is not! Where the crust wasn't soggy, it was tough and rubbery. Add that to canned mushrooms and frozen spinach (at least it tasted like frozen) and you've got one disappointing calzone. My husband, raised on New York-style pizza, was not impressed either. The only reason I'm not giving it only one star is because I was able to eat it.
3	First time ever at Ray's. There's a location near where I work but it always looked a little too seedy. Tonight we were all set to head out for dinner at Outback Steakhouse for my birthday. I figured that the q-tips and their snowbird brethren would all be in bed by the time we got there (7:20pm) but no, the woman there asked me if I had call-ahead seating and when I said "no, er, how long's the wait?" she told me it would be 40-50 minutes. I basically walked out of there, pushing past some Minnesotans on the way back to my car. I'm not standing around for freakin' ANYWHERE for that long, not even a Ramsay restaurant. We wound up driving to Ray's on a whim as I just couldn't be stuffed trying to figure out anything else.Got a giant Sicilian "monster pie" (ie a supreme) - they kindly left a single square without any topping but cheese, for my toddler. Took about 15 minutes to cook, but that's fine because we're an uber geek family - we iPhoned, Droided and Leapstered up and next thing you know, the food was on the table. It was possibly the largest pizza I've ever seen and yep, it was square. Took a slice and went at it with knife and fork; I get real messy if I eat with my hands, especially with something this size. The bottom of it was real hard to cut - crunchy. After a couple of slices, my right index finger had a rut in it from pressing down so hard on the end of my knife, and my fork looked like Uri Geller had taken it up the wrong 'un.The pizza was actually pretty good. Good enough for me to finish about four slices of it. It reminded me of the Chicago 7 (one of my favourite pizzas ever) from Old Chicago over at Bell and 57th. The kid actually ate more than expected, about half of his slice (which is a typical sized meal for a toddler like him, way more than half a grilled cheese sandwich). It was late so I didn't let him finish the rest although he probably would have. The wife finished two slices. We still had about half the pizza, I'm guessing almost 2 pounds of food left to take home. Everything including a free pitcher of soda for $21 including tax. Not bad at all. Considering that on my recent trip back to Australia I paid $120 (US$128) for lunch at an Indian restaurant for three adults and the kid, I'd say that a meal of this magnitude was pretty good value - quantity and a decent amount of quality too. I didn't mind that the pizza was a little crunchy on the bottom, it actually lent it a good texture. Maybe that's standard for Sicilian, maybe they overcooked it, who knows - I'm not an expert. But the wife gave it three out of five stars, which is actually above average for her, and I'll give Ray's that on Yelp as well. Bye bye one week of eating reasonably healthy, hello exercise bike.
4	I'm a native New Yorker, born and raised in Queens, lived in Brooklyn, now retired in AZ.  I've been on a year long quest for NY style pizza since moving here and I finally found it. Hey, Rays isn't great pizza but it IS mom and pop NY pizza. As good as you could get at most corner pizzerias in, say, Queens or Brooklyn.  I wouldn't jump for joy if I found this place on Kings Highway. But in Surprise, it's a big deal. I'm just talking about a regular cheese pie. Who eats pizza with spinach? Yechhh. Anyway, loads of  quality cheese and  good sauce that slide off a hot slice if your not careful.  YESSS. And the wings ain't bad either.
5	Best pizza west of the Hudson.I am born and raised in New Jersey but left in 1992 for Minnesota. Now I live in Surprise AZ and was lucky to find  Ray's Pizza in Surprise, it was like stepping into a time machine from my youth.Rays of Surprise appears to be family run and they speak more itialian than english, just like when I was a kid. Hand streached dough, not by a machine and cooked in a real oven, not on a conveyor belt. Perfectly cooked, crispy but not burned. Not too thick, not to thin. I tried another so called "New York" pizza place in town and found it worse than Dominios (if that's possible.)I waited a long time to live by a pizza  place like this!
5	Famous Ray's Pizza-Surprise...Damn if they didn't out do themselves. I had a SPECIALTY PIE request. One I personally built ( my own creation) at one time. I didn't really expect them to comply with my request, but after a little discussion amongst themselves. I got my pie. I have got to say, "It was Delicious". Not too shabby either as far as price went for the kind of items I had them put on it. Better than some of the other local pizza restaurants. Needless to say I was a happy camper.Thank You Ray's. I will be back.
4	It took us a while to find some good pizza parlors in this area. Now in the last few months we have found some! We were not sure if we wanted to try this place? It was empty, and the crew was just sitting around doing nothing! So we went in, I ordered the pepperoni and bell pepper pizza well done. Wife order their spaghetti and meatballs. Unless my mom made the spaghetti, I'm not eating it! Their pizza was very good, the sauce had a lot of flavors, not sure about the crust yet. But the pizza is well worth an other visit!
1	It's horrible pizza. Order four large pizzas and out of the four times I have gone the pizza is extremely greasy. If you like greasy pizza then go for it but its horrible.
5	Staff is always nice and their pizza is awesome! The wings are good too! And so many other things! Great place to eat.
3	Sardella's is my favorite pizza chain in the valley, but this a good substitute in Surprise. Tastes similar to Sardellas, good wings.
4	This is the closest to NY pizza that you will get. Not EXACTLY on point, but good enough for this area. The owner (supposedly) is from Queens and worked for Rosa's Pizza on Fresh Pond Rd. (there is also one on Grand Ave). They are the go to place if you are in Queens and Tony's if you are from Brooklyn (that's me!) The cheese is pretty on point, but their dough needs to be a little thinner. That will give it the right crisp to dough ratio. The garlic knots are OK and their sicilian pizza is way off. Don't go for that. I guess when I try it again I will ask for my crust to be thinner and update you on how that turned out. Realy NY pizza when folded in half will flop over and drip grease. So to the guy who complained about it being greasy, THAT IS NY PIZZA!
3	Really good pizza and wings!
5	This Rays Pizza is amazing! They have very good authentic NY style pizza and their bone in wings are out of this world!!!! The specials they have are great prices as well! Large pizza and 20 wings for $20.95.And if you are hungry for dessert.... Their cheesecake and tiramisu is to die for!!!Definitely eat at this Ray's pizza!!!The owners and staff are also so amazing and always really friendly!!! We love coming to Ray's!!!!
5	If you ask for extra crispy thin crust (they will make it thinner and cook it a bit longer) it's perfect! This pizza really reminds me of home :)** I REALLY wish they delivered though. I'm sure it would boost revenue quite a bit.
4	I absolutely love Ray's pizza. As a New Yorker I can vouch for this place. The wings are amazing as well. Customer service is fantastic, my only grip is the fact that they don't deliver.
4	Great pizza, I would definitely have it again. They had a special going for 2 medium pizzas, which we got, and the crust was the best! The smell when you walk in is awesome, you can tell right away their pizza is good.
5	The friendliest people , they remember our order and the very best sausage and mushroom pizza ever !!
3	While visiting in town, we were told Ray's was pretty highly recommended so we gave it a try for lunch. The place was empty when we arrived a little after noon and most of the time we were there (except for a few people getting take-out). The staff was very friendly and provided excellent service. Not only did they have canisters of red pepper and Parmesan for seasoning, they also had containers of garlic powder and Italian seasoning for the table. A very nice touch!Unfortunately, I just was not very impressed with the food. We started off with an antipasto salad which was simple and had a variety of tasty ingredients but the dressing was pretty flat. The garlic knots were a little overdone and did not have much flavor unless you dipped them in the marinara (which was pretty good). The pizza tasted OK on the hot first slice but, for me, you get to see the true nature of a pizza when you get to the second or third slice. The pizza just didn't hold up as the cheese had little flavor and the sauce appeared somewhat bland. It looks like the owners really want to make their customers happy so I'm disappointed that I could not provide a better review. I would be willing to try Ray's again so maybe I'll have better luck next time.
