5	Bought a small travel trailer from Tom's.  Matt was our salesman and was great...very no-pressure and helpful with any questions.  2 years later I needed help with a copy of the invoice from my purchase...Matt faxed it to me in no time.   Talk about great customer service!  And the trailer is great too!
4	Such a great experience shopping for trailers here. Helpful, no-pressure, no-rush.  Salesman Dave was great. What a difference compared to our first RV shopping stop (see other review)!I will update review once we actually purchase.
5	I came in today to look at the T@Bs and I spoke with Matt Duncan the general manager.  He was awesome!! I asked a million questions and he took the time & answered all of them; he didn't seem rude and definitely had patience for me so that was great. I am definitely buying one this yr  and hopefully he will still be there.  They were great; if you're looking for a tab or on rpod this is the place to buy them.
1	Thanks Yelp , I now get a chance to tell what "Hell"  Tom's Camperland put us through , A few years back my Wife and I got a ( New ) FunFinder Travel Trailer from Matt that is the Manager at Tom's Camperland , He told us how the FunFinders were so much better then the Layton that we traded in , That was Hog Wash !  When we got it home about 41/2 hours away the FunFinder was coming apart , I never seen such bad workmanship on anything like this before, I called Matt and told him all the problems it was having and we never got the chance to even us it , He said well I'm sorry but I'm under staff to handle it , I would have to keep it here for a long time before I could even get to it ,  So I Said to Matt , Matt I would like to bring it back and undo the deal and get my Layton back , Matt said we cant do that , I even offered him a few thousand dollars to undo the deal , He still said no , So I called Cruiser RV up the maker of FunFinder and told them what was going on ,  I got the run-a-round from them at first, So I made a Video to show all the problems that this garbage Travel Trailer had and sent a copy to Cruiser RV , the BBB and the A.Generals office in AZ .  That woke them up , they told me to bring it to a other dealer for repairs and they would OK it for them to repair it , after spending several hundred in fuel cost trying to find someone to fix it , we kept getting the same response , I don't do warranty work for them , I don't have time to look at it or you can try this place ?,  We found one place that said he would look at it , So we left it there , He called us and said it would take a lot to repair it but , He would have to take the Roof off to change the Cabinets that goes from the floor to the ceiling that are messed up and to move back the wall that shifted  away from the outer wall to make it right but after I put everything back you could have more problems then you started with , After all the money I spent trying to make things right and not once got to use it , Cruiser RV bought it back for $7500 less then I paid for it ,  So ( Matt ) when you see this you can reply with all the Lies you want to , We both know all you did was lie to us , You may have some people here fooled  like I was , How can people like you sleep at night ?  I'll never step foot on Tom's Camperland lot again     Yes!  Remember me ,  Nathan B.You would never return his calls after you took my money
1	Gotta keep my one star with this so called business , Bad dealings with me
1	Never again will I step foot on there lot
