4	Burger joint that just opened in the palms so you know I had to try it. Walked up and grabbed a seat at the bar and ordered to go. The bartenders were really nice and helpful. My coworker told me to try the buffalo chicken burger. So I order that, no tomatoes. The gentleman that took my order was super nice. Asked me about me day and what department I worked in, all the good stuff. What I like most is it's a new place and it smells clean. There was staff everywhere I turned and they were helping each guest, asking how the food was and also if they needed anything else. I think they asked me if I wanted water like 3 times. Anywho, they also have patio seats and it will probably be packed when they open the pool.Back to the food... I got my burger and left to eat at my desk. It was good but I feel like it could have been a little better could use some more buffalo sauce, otherwise the celery and blue cheese was awesome! It was in the burger, something different and I liked it. May be a little pricy, $11 per burger. We shall see how long they last.
3	Overall a solid semi-gourmet burger joint, brand new inside the Palms!It's located next to the Palms Pool, with indoor and outdoor seating RIGHT on the pool deck!Prices are around $11 per burger...$6-8 per fry.  For the price and setting I was a bit disappointed that they would not cook my burger medium rare, and was told they ALL get cooked MW-WD.  Shame!I went with the Barry Burger ($11): Smoked Bacon, Cheddar, Charred Red Onion & Balsamic Ketchup on Sesame Bun. Good burger and still a bit juicy considering it was cooked medium well. It's missing a mayo/aioli in my opinion, but it's a solid burger with GOOD flavor in the toppings.  Towards the end, a large chunk of red onion dropped out, about the size of a GRAPE.  Attention to detail guys!!  Wasn't that busy today...Blue Cheese & Bacon Fries ($8). These were DELICIOUS and had tons of flavor...Recommended!  The portion was a decent size, and the flavor was very good.And to finish, Vanilla Custard with Reeses Pieces ($6). Pretty good, just wish these were peanut butter cups...started getting ROCK hard towards the bottom.  The custard was thick and rich...I'd try the chocolate custard next visit though.Overall, a SOLID choice inside the Palms!
5	I went to the new burger joint Back Room Burgers at the Palms just for fun.  I always check out new restaurants when I can.  I had the Barry Burger that was simple delicious.  The bun fell apart and the waiter told his boss.  Next thing I know she showed up and we chatted awhile and she had taken my burger off the ticket.  WOW was that a surprise.  I also tried the blue cheese bacon fries.  OMG that were delicious.  I enjoyed the atmosphere and the music ( my generation)  enjoyed the great conversations with the staff.  Very friendly place.   I will be back and bring some friends.  I asked for a menu to take to work and an opportunity to do a review.  Overall had a great experience.
1	Food is great but service sucks the place was not that busy and it 20 mins for a server  to come to the table and take our drink and food order. For all the trouble the manager only took off. 20% off the bill
3	For a frame of reference, my anatomy of a good burger is: 1) Bun that is firm on the outside and soft with a bit of flavor2) Fresh ingredients3) Quality meat and properly cooked burger no darker than medium and no lighter than medium rare (slightly pink).I was excited to see a new burger place open in the Palms, right by the pool and north side parking garage.  In fact, there were signs everywhere pointing to this place.  On my way home from an event, I stopped in to give it a try.  I sat at the bar and ordered Barry's burger which is a simple bacon cheddar cheese burger with a balsamic ketchup.  I had them hold the red onions because I am not a fan.  I ordered the cheddar cheese fries even though I wanted to try the blue cheese bacon fries.  I just didn't want the blue cheese from the fries affecting my ability to taste the cheddar on the burger.  The burger arrived quickly and I spent a minute examining the burger.  It had a white cheese on it which I guess was the cheddar.  The patty was cooked medium -medium well.  It appeared about a 1/4 lb -1/3 lb.  The ingredients were fresh.  The bun was a sesame seed bun which was soft and almost soggy on the outside and only slightly more attractive than a fast food bun. The inside of the bun was good though, dry and stiff so it would hold up to whatever you put on it.Overall it looked good and I eagerly took a bite, hoping maybe this burger would be a top fiver.  The burger was good but was lacking some key points that could have taken it over the top.  The ingredients mesh well together but my assessment of the burger was correct and it was in fact slightly over cooked.  It also seemed to be slightly overseasoned with a salty flavor from either the burger or in the balsamic ketchup.  I don't know what type of meat they used but it didn't have a lot of its own flavor.  The cheese did not have a cheddar flavor, in fact the cheddar on the fries was rocking with flavor and would have been a better choice for the burger.The fries were fresh cuts, small fries but a decent portion size.  As I said, the cheddar was rocking but these are not hand fries really and you have to use a fork. If they change anything, I would suggest a slightly bigger cut so you can eat them with your fingers if you choose.There are several interesting burgers on the menu and I look forward to try ing a few of them next time I venture to the Palms.  They also have some shakes.The bartender and staff were super friendly and chatty in a good way.All in all this is a welcome addition to the Palms and I will be back again to taste some of the other offerings.
3	Was greeted promptly. Server came over right away. Service and delivery of the order was exccellent.  Burger was very tasty.  Fries were soso.Thought the price for the burgers and fries were somewhat expensive.  Was not crazy about the choices of burgers.  Cost was  $42.00 + tip.  Could have gotten the same thing a 5 guys for about $15.00.
5	Back room burger oh where have you been in my life.  Now they don't let you order temp on your burger which normally would be a deal breaker for me( I'm a rare guy)But wow it's good.Blue cheese fries w bacon.... Best fries evar! Barry burger with bacon and ridiculous Caramelized onions ..... Super yummy.Setting..... Window open at bar watching the game with bikini clad women.... About perfect( guy with the gstrap shame on you for ruining my high)Service spot onI read the other reviews they are fools trust me come before it's always packed.
2	Trying out Back Room Burger for the first time today. So far it is a DISASTER! Placed my order at 2:21 for a Barry Burger. We asked the server how large is the burger and he looked at us like we were showing a dog a magic trick. He had NO CLUE. He said he would go ask the chef. Just so everyone knows, it is 5.25 ounces. He politely took our order and but NEVER offered any side dish or French Fries.  At 2:40 we were notified that the kitchen is running a little slow because it was very busy at the pool. (there were only 10 inside the restaurant) So they offered us a complimentary order of Crispy Tortilla Chips with Guacamole, Chipotle and Tomatillo Salsas. This is a $9 item on the menu. (Would not recommend for the value.)At 3:15 the food arrived to the table. The burger was good but really, think of how many other good burgers we have in this city. For the inconvenience of the 54 minute wait, they took the burger off of the bill. In conclusion, let's assume the service was perfect, server being knowledgeable of the menu and food being prepared perfectly in a timely manner. There are at LEAST a DOZEN other burger joints in this town that outshine Back Room Burger.
3	Not bad... Not the best. It's a burger place with a nice view of the Palms pool, so you can sit there for a couple hrs and people watch while having a couple of drinks. Came here on a Friday afternoon around 4p and when we ordered food from the bartender , he said it would take about 20-40 min for our food to come out because the kitchen was the same for the pool and the restaurant. We didn't mind, we weren't in a hurry or anything , but most people would mind I would think. Maybe get more cooking staff to accommodate? Just a thought. The bar staff was pretty friendly though , even after ordering a frozen drink (which I know bartenders hate to make lol). The menu is a little different, I had the Tex Mex burger which I thought was pretty tasty, and my bf had the Buffalo Chicken burger which he liked as well. I would go back!
2	Well nothing to impressive about this place. I would expect a little better decorating being in the palms. The hostess seemed new and kind of not there. That's ok you got to start somewhere. The waitress wasn't very knowledgeable and when asked how big the burgers are she made a circle with her hand. So I got a turkey burger with cheddar and bacon and fries and my friend got just a cheese burger. The fries were hand cut like in-n-out burger but are the shortest fries I have ever had. Almost like they cut them from mini potatoes or it was the bottom of the bag. So small dipping them was like dipping my fingers with crumbs of fries in them. And my fingers tasted good with ketchup on them. The burgers were ok not great. And I asked the waitress are the fries always this short and she said yes we hand cut them. With that said the bill was 42 bucks and I left 12 buck tip. They need to buy bigger potatoes for sure with all that money they're changing for food. Wasn't impressed with anything. Next time I'll eat the buffet for 20 bucks a person.
3	Buffalo chicken sliders = LoveFriendly service = I'd probably go steadyWeak French fries = I'm just not that into you
5	Had the Turkey burger protein style with the portobello mushroom at an additional cost but worth paying! Side of sweet potato fries (skinny fries) and the salsa sides to the chips are tasteful! Also had the vanilla ice cream... WOW! You can really taste the vanilla flavor...
3	Quick, no frills place to grab a burger if you don't want to eat in the food court. Server was nice, food was good although not anything special.They have some seating outdoors by the pool that looks nice if its not too hot out.
4	Very good burgers, make sure u sit on the patio. The view of the pool is awesome! High quality beef in the burger & the mushroom burger is really good as well.
3	This place was ok.  My wife ordered the beef sliders and I ordered the chicken sliders.  Order came out and it really wasn't nothing exciting.  My chicken looked like it was pounded out with a hammer.  Very thin for the price.  Wife's beef sliders were ok but wouldn't order again.  French fries were very salty were we had to send them back and get some less salty.  Don't know about the others food but what we had would never get again
3	This place does not close at midnight.I just walked by and it was closed at 1045pm on a Monday, so the hours for this place have been scaled back.Hopefully someone can post the actual hours this place is open because the staff at the cafe had no idea.Looking forward to trying it out.
1	Awful service. Our server disappeared during our meal. Burgers and fries were solid though.
1	Service was terrible, slow, the wait staff seemed annoyed. We waited for at least 40 minutes for burgers, even though the restaurant was empty. Burgers were mediocre, had to send back my side Cobb salad because it A. Had absolutely flavorless dressing on it, and B. It had a big ol' hair in it. Gross! Would never recommend this place.
5	We happened to come across back room burger after a morning at the spa and decided to take a chance.  We are glad that we did. Our waiter Mutlu helped me choose my drink and I got the most wonderful marshmallow shake from the boozer menu. Our burgers were yummy and the service was spot on. Would come back here in a minute. Good job staff.
1	From arrival there were no employees no where in sight, no greeter or host, not even a waiter for at least five minutes. Despite the bad start off the server was pretty nice. The burger was awesome for my friend, but I had the nachos and the chips were completely stale! I told them that and they immediately seemed annoyed. I asked for the Caesar salad to go instead and he brought out the salad he recommended and not even to go. I politely told him that wasn't the salad I wanted and he was even more annoyed although it was his mistake and didn't apologize for it. Horrible service, I'll never be returning there.
1	Stayed at the Palms for a few days so boyfriend and I checked out the back room burger spot. Over priced burgers and fries. Wasn't impressed at all with the food. Server wasn't very friendly either. Now I see why they are handing out 20% off coupons . Dont see this place staying in business very long.  And by the way this is coming from a local not a tourist. Too many other spots to go for a good burger thats worth $11.00
3	First time here...and ordered the Fat Frank burger...its awesome!! One of the best burger ive tasted. The onion rings taste great too. The restaurant is also next to the pool. Fun place to eat!!
