4	Came here with the hubby since they were having some crazy sale and he is in the market for a new ski jacket. They had several parking spaces outside filled up with the sale merchandise & it was a fun event  with music pumping and a tent with the guys from Las Vegas Ski Resort doing raffles. The sales people were helpful but not pushy. They did know alot about the jackets they sold..which was good cuz we really didnt know that much. My hubby ended up finding one that was originally 300 and got it for 160..so we were very pleased with that. Im s
4	This is a pretty cool store, offering everything from clothes, shoes, skateboards, sunglasses, and snowboards.  All I've ever bought from here are shirts, board shorts, shoes, and a pair of shades...so my review will only be able to really reflect on the 'sun' part of Powder & Sun.  After living in Chicago and back east for many years I am sick of and over the snow in every way, shape, and form!  One of the last places you'll ever see me is on Mt. Charleston with a snowboard under my arm.They have plenty of clothes here, men and womens.  From all brands, ranging from Volcom, Hurley, Obey, etc.  Think PAC Sun, but with more and better choices.  And they have a big wall of shoes to choose from, everything from skate to casual.  You'll also find a nice variety of accessories, like sunglasses, watches, and wallets.They always have a few clearance racks up too with shirts, jackets, shorts, etc for 25-75% off., as well as weekly sales offering good deals.  The employees are all very friendly and helpful too.  And the store is always well organized and clean.
5	love them sooo much i had to slap there decal on my car Great place and people they always have everything i need. And really cool clothes that i dont!
5	A real board shop. No softball or bike salesmen trying to sell u your skate or snowboard. They got a repair shop too. Longboard selection is awesome.
4	Great Store ! Amazing choice of boards, especially longboards. The guys at powder and sun helped me put together a great board, tailored to my wishes. Friendly staff that knows their stuff. I will be back next time I'm in Vegas !
5	I wouldn't have thought that the best snowboard shop I'd even be in was in Las Vegas, but it is. These guys always have the best selection and the most knowledgable people working there. Whether you're getting your first set up or are a seasoned vet Powder & Sun is the best shop, not just in Vegas but everywhere.
5	Hands down the best board shops in Las Vegas!!!
5	Awesome hidden place to get up to date merchandise from skateboard stuff to snowboard stuff.. Friendly staff.. lots of things to choose from..
5	awesome staff, great products and supports the local community plus hard to find emerging brands!
5	It's almost snowboarding season. This will be my fourth season with my board and I think it's time for a tune up. I called a few places and settled on Powder and Sun for my tune up needs. STUART was so friendly and helped me out. He took a good look at my board and pointed out all the little things that needed to be tuned up. He re-edged it and waxed it and it's all ready for another season! I can't wait to hit the mountains!! It was also ready sooner than he said it would be so that was a plus too, however it took me so long to actually go pick my board back up! =/
4	Super helpful and chill. Will definitely be back. Thanks for the long board! !
5	From the moment I entered the building all the way to check out was a great and refreshing experience. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and very helpful. I went for a pair of new kicks, and ended coming out with shoes, socks, and a new long board for my brother. One of the young men working helped with me with the sector 9 long board, it had Bob Marley on it, along with the signature rasta green, yellow, and red. A young lady helped with my shoes, trying to find a size 5 in mens sizes is pretty tough, but she did very well and even found the ones I was originally looking for. I recommend anyone to go to this store for overall quality and I will be coming back more often when the need arises. All I can say is thank you to the ladies and gents that were so patient with me and understanding.
5	This is the only place I go to buy my boards and gear. I tried going to Big5, but the quality is average at best. Sports Chalet is ok, but their prices are too steep and don't have the professional help and knowledge that is needed for you to find the right board and gear. Then there is Powder and Sun, my go to place for all my snowboarding needs. The staff is super helpful, friendly and extremely knowledgable because everyone that works there are boarders and have a passion for it. Prices are very reasonable and post and pre season sales are the best! When you're ready to finally buy your own board or just pick up some new gear to feed your addiction, there isn't any better place to go than Powder and Sun.
5	I'm from LA where a small private board shop took care of all my snowboard needs--I mean, one of the guys even mounted my new snowboard rack onto my car and taught me the difference between Burton and Nidecker or NeverSummer (both much better boards than Burton). Support small businesses!New to Vegas, I'm stoked to find the same care, attention to detail, and pride in Powder and Sun. After a full snowboard tune-up (trued edges with iron wax--not a machine once over), Tim spent over an hour trying to figure out how to fix my bindings after a quick patch job on the mountain and offered to contact the company for me to get replacement parts. His service was above and beyond any regular sports shop and he didn't try to push new bindings just to make a sale. Powder and Sun has my business and I'll recommend them to anyone for ur ski and snowboard needs.
5	This is by FAR the best customer service we've had in Vegas for anything snow or skate.  The staff is absolutely awesome!  Super knowledgeable and friendly and attentive no matter even if you're buying the smallest of items up to their highest ticket.They'll answer any of your questions without an ounce of posturing.  I highly recommend this store above all others here in town.
5	This place is awesome. I was looking for a longboard on Christmas Eve for my husband. This sweet kid (and I say kid because he looked like he was 18, minimum) was working the longboard area and was super knowledgeable. I told him the shape that my husband likes and he asked for his height and weight and showed me the longboards that would fit his body type. This was very important because my husband is 6'3 and has huge feet. If I had bought him a narrow longboard, it wouldn't have worked out like we wanted. I ended up picking the perfect longboard for him, and he made sure it was completely even and not warped. We checked out, and he offered to help me to my car. Haha. Very sweet employees that are knowledgeable and helpful. The quantity of longboards that they carry are far greater than at Zumiez at the Fashion Show, and they carry everything else we would ever need for his longboard. My husband LOVED his longboard on Christmas day. It is the coolest longboard by Landyachtz. The price is maybe $10 higher than the same model on the internet, but it's worth if it you need it ASAP.We'll definitely be back to Powder & Sun for all of our longboarding needs.
