4	This quiet cafe (at least when we went there) is open 24 hours a day serving breakfast, lunch, dinner and a late-night menu.   It does have a $7.99 value 3 course menu where you can pick from a choice of appetizers like shrimp cocktail, soups, tato skins + entrees:  eggplant lasagne, ham, stuffed lobster ($2 extra) + dessert:  apple cobbler, choka lotta cake, whole lot a jello  & includes coffee/ tea/iced tea or soft drink or you can order off the extensive menu which is available at all hours.  Everything was fine, service was quick & there's really nothing not to like other than it's not a gourmet place.
2	It's open 24 hours a day and serves breakfast at all times, but eat here as a last resort. There are definitely better restaurants at this resort, but this is the cheapest... for a reason. I had the eggs, bacon and hash browns that also came with something they were calling a biscuit... but I have not yet received the sample back from the lab to verify this claim. The "restaurant" is overlooking the smoke filled casino which is better than staring at four walls I suppose... They had a large menu selection, but I would be afraid to try much of it. Eat here after you lose all of your money at the craps table and feel like punishing yourself.
2	Ok, so let's be real. When you look at this place, what you'd expect is what you get. It's very reasonably priced, and the specials are really cheap. But this is a classic example of you get what you pay for. The food is mostly barely a step above Denny's (and sometimes below it), with frozen vegetables and canned/packaged everything else.
2	We had brunch here about a month ago and split an omelette (Canadian bacon, provolone, and tomato) and a breakfast burrito. The service was slow. (1/5 stars)The food was good (3/5) but the portions were small...definitely not worth the forty minute wait.
5	We love this place for breakfast because it's a great price and pretty good food. The crusted French toast is amazing but hard to finish because it's so rick. I was happy with everything I've had here for breakfast.
5	This is a standard full-service coffee shop restaurant within a casino, and a perfectly good one at that with some of the lowest prices I have seen in a few years anywhere in the United States. If you love coffee shops as I do, this place should scratch the itch.  Use a coupon and it becomes the deal of the month.Chef salad (about $8) was good, and bleu cheese dressing tasted like it was made fresh.  The turkey seemed to have been cut from an actual turkey roasted on property, rather than lunchmeat.  The Mrs. ordered an Asian chicken salad and seemed perfectly happy with it.  Plenty of food (including proteins) in both salads.The finagle here is all of the specials, if they are what you want.  Our young kids shared the 3-course weekday dinner with appetizer (they chose soup), main course (spaghetti and meatballs), and dessert (apple cobbler, which was excellent), for about $9.On our visit they happily allowed us to use the restaurant.com coupon that led us there with the special, even though both the special and the coupon listed the usual disclaimer prohibiting combinations of discounts.  The only thing I didn't like was the iced tea, which clearly came from a syrup.  I should have ordered hot tea with a glass of ice but I only thought about this later.This is very much a locals' casino restaurant.  We were the only people there with children, but they were very accommodating and seemed happy to see them.  Generally an older crowd, perhaps due to the fact that we visited on a Wednesday.For two main-course salads, the aforementioned weekday dinner trifecta,  soft drinks all around, and an extra slice of cake, total bill  including tax and full tip, less restaurant.com discount, was just under $20.  WOW.  Same meal would push $100 on the strip.
2	TL;DR - Depressing Cafe is Depressing (and sub par)*the tl;dr on top of a review is quite ingenious imo, anyways*I ate that this place one time before this review and I completely loved the cheese sticks but forgot everything else on the menu.So, I convinced my roommate that Promenade Cafe was THE place to eat since I recalled all the food was so cheap and I didn't want to go to Buzz BBQ.  So let me walk through how I got to 2 stars.We are walking in the cafe, I have good expectations at this point (5 stars).Once taking a gander at the people at the place, I realized that the average age of cafe went from 70 to about 39, it kind of smelled like Florida.  (Still 5 stars, eff losing stars for agism)3-4 different waiters/waitresses kept coming up and asking us what we wanted to drink, it was pretty confusing after awhile. Which was odd since only 4 other people were in the facility.I ended up getting the 3 course meal for $9.99 which included cheese sticks, spaghetti and meatballs, and some berry cake.Still, 5 stars up to this point.Then our normal waitress left to go on break.Then after I got my cheese sticks (which were delicious) it took a good 20+ minutes for the main course to be served.(Hmm...losin a star here)Once I received my food, I couldn't wait to eat it.  Clearly after the long delay of making this food, I would pretty much be eating gods nectar, right?!  Boy howdy, I have never seen anyone make extremely sub par pasta before.(Down to 3 stars)After leaving a bad taste, I couldn't wait for desert to come around.  Except that it was a good 30 minutes before we received our desert.  There was about 5 customers and 10 staff, how the hell? On top of that, the berry cake was pretty dry and it was just bleh.(1.5 stars).And to top it all off, while my roommate and I were waiting for desert.  An elderly woman walked to a table and when the waiter asked her how many people will be joining, she said in a loud and dead tone, "I'm eating alone tonight".(gains a 1/2 pity star, for a total of 2 stars)Hearing that was so depressing, that I couldn't even continue whatever conversation what I talking about.  It completely killed whatever positive atmosphere that was going on at the moment.I feel like cutting my wrist just thinking about this place, it's almost as depressing as Silverton Casino.
1	After coming to the Promenade Cafe I now know what purgatory looks like. A lot of waiting, and the food sucks.The only shining light of our meal was our friendly waitress who sadly had to go on her break and left us with a mix of awful waitresses who could care less about us since they had nothing to gain.The food was cold and basically flavorless but at $9.99 I'm sure they could've served cardboard and the Jew in me still would've ordered the special. I can't help myself. But I do know one thing, and that is to never come back to purgatory again. I'd rather go straight to hell!
4	I think this 24 hour cafe is better than the one at Red Rock. The service is a little slow  but at least they check in on you. I was beginning to think the food was just okay here until I tried their burger. I think it was called their San Francisco Burger. It's served on cheesy sour dough bread . This time it was served with fries but I usually prefer their home made chips. It's so good!  The other thing I like here is their tomato soup especially on a cold day.
2	Breakfast was edible.  The servers were nice enough, and clearly a bit beleaguered by the lack of help, the ebb and flow of customers, and the noise of the casino.The food...well the bacon I was served was burnt beyond recognition.  Not sure I would have served that to a fellow human...but they did.I would say, this will do in a pinch, but do not come here to dine with the stars.
3	It's your basic diner type place located smack dab in the middle of a casino in Vegas. Not unique or special but decent enough. The staff was friendly and prompt in service. The food was plentiful. The decor was dated and the noise from the casino was a bit more intrusive than I would like, but all in all, not too bad though they burnt my husband's bacon to high heaven. Why they thought that would be ok to serve is beyond me, but to each his own.
4	My wife and I enjoy going here. We use a restaruant.com certificate and we always have left overs. The food is decent and we enjoy the prime rib dinner the most. I personally dont like the parking because it soooo far from the entrance. The service is sub par and they ignore us majority of the time. But i cant complain because we are getting a good deal with the food.
2	My experience with this cafe is that it is mainly geared towards seniors with small servings, cheap prices and mediocre food. Although my company of great family made this experience better this restaurant seemed like the step child of rampart casino. Our server was great, his name was Anthony and he was as attentive as he could be.
2	Typical food. Nothing fancy. No frills. But nothing bland or horrible either. If you're just looking for a place to eat, this will do.
3	suncoast is sooo empty lately.  No one really seems to be coming here any more.  Their food/restaurant options are blah and boring, most of their restaurants don't even open during the daytime anymore (only for dinner)  Service throughout the place is fair at best.  As far as the cafe, their menu is very simple and boring and a little over priced.  However their lunch special for their asian food is surprisingly good, and good portions too (only $6.99)  You get a choice of egg drop soup or hot and sour (i've had both before and both are quite good)  an egg roll and I ordered the general chicken with fried rice)  We had also ordered a basket of onion rings and those are large and VERY yummy.  Their cafe wouldn't be my first choice of places to goto but it's ok for lunch.  It's DEFINITELY better then their buffet.  Their buffet is horrible. I'd MUCH rather goto the orleans
1	Located in a very nice fancy spa/resort style hotel you would think the food should be better. I had a few meals here and all of them tasted like they were prepared from frozen. Chicken fried steak(frozen premade patty reheated in oven), mashed potatoes from a box, veggies (frozen from a bag, watery, overcooked), turkey club (turkey meat frozen, reheated), sandwich tasted watery. I've never had bad food at a Las Vegas hotel before. I'm really shocked with how bad this was....
3	Its not bad.   That is all I can say.
3	Depending when or if you eat here, service is really night and day. That being said, I'm breaking this review down to food/service in AM and PMNight:  4 StarsAt night, I noticed that there was only a handful of servers working.  But this wasn't an issue since our food was prepared and delivered pretty quick. The servers are also very attentive and at the same time in no rush to get your out of the restaurant.  For dinner, I had their special, which is their half chicken for $7.99.  Starving like a madman, I ended up getting 2 orders making that one full chicken for me.  Yes, I finished it. Yes, I was stuffed. This was pretty and cheap considering how much I got.  The rest of the menu actually looked pretty good and there's enough of a selection for everybody.Morning: 2 StarsIt's actually busier in the morning and they know this. My issue, service really lags here.  With 8 servers working, you would think that water and our orders would be quicker than 15 minutes. Food comes out quick once you finally get someone to take your order.  It's the pre-order part where you need some patience.  What's worse, once you get your food, your check is also handed to you. It's almost like they can't wait for you to leave unlike at night where our server told is to take our time.  For breakfast, I got their 3 egg white omelet w/spinach and mushrooms. This was so delicious that I almost moved the stars up to 3.I had a good experience at night and a poor one in the morning.  I think that my overall rating of 3 stars is fair.
3	Clean, nice decor, comfortable seating, reasonable priced, good home style cooking, no complaints from this Yelper, I do like home style cooking with quality and you'll get that here.  Do think their average Overall Rating should be at least 3, I really see no reason to ding them on anything.  Went for breakfast only.
1	Sloooow service. Basically they seat you and forget about you. I watched it happen to everyone who came in. Food wasn't very good, either.
3	This is a mix mix mix of feelings!   Great breakfast for the money,  generous portion of egg whites and the pancakes are great.   The waitresses need an attitude adjustment, the carpet a good cleaning and  more smiles from the service staff!  You will get your moneys worth!  Cheap food and cheap service.
1	Food OK, Service HorribleCome here about every other month.Food and service was always adequate by the standard of an average coffee shop in Las Vegas.Our visit on 4-27-14 could be our last. Food is still ok, other than the fact their cook (definitely not qualify as a chef), did not know (or not care) about what customers requested. Four of us all ordered prime ribs - one medium well, one medium, and two medium rare. It came out all the same - RARE. Before we had a chance to have one of them to be cooked a little bit more (not difficult - just put it in the Au Jus for a little while), our waitress already disappeared (she gave us our check when the main course arrived) and never suraced again.So service was horrible.Even the hostess did not ask how was everything (afraid to?).It is a shame this cafe shop is associated with the Marriott resort in Summerlin.
1	Came in after a wedding with 4 other exhausted friends. After over 30 minutes, we're all served profoundly undercooked chicken (blood pools in the middle of all pieces). The server apologized and took our new order. We left a half hour later after not being served. The server never returned. There were only two other patrons.
3	Had a nice  quick  here. The ambiance was nice too, servers were great,all smiling ,sat on booth nice and cozy
1	I ordered fried shrimp and the fish and chips. First off the shrimps  were very tiny and the fish was burnt the server  was awful. The  only good thing  were the drinks that's because we brought  our own drinks.  Don't come here. You even have to flag down your freaking server and they need better cooks.
5	Food is good and service is great!  All these terrible reviews must be from people who already lost their money...  You can't go wrong here.  I recommend their waffles!
2	I normally love this place, but the staff has changed. The hostess was so rude. Kept people waiting for days, even with empty tables. When I finally got seated, she put me right next to a table full of kids. When I asked for a different table, she rolled her eyes, and was a total smart ass. NO people skills whatsoever. The service has become progressively worse. Looks like I'll need to find a new breakfast spot.
