5	This Cleaners is great!  It's called Elite now, not Queens though.We do our laundry here.  They have a convenient drop off.  They give you a bag and you write your instructions on the tag and you never have to wait in line to drop off!They are professional, on time and their work is really good too.  My husband never complains about having a press mark at the bottom of his shirts like the 2.00 cleaners used to do.  It is slightly more than the 2.00 cleaner, but this is close to home and we don't get attitude from the employees like at the 2.00 cleaners.  The owner is usually on site and you can just tell that he cares about his customers. It's right on the corner of 48th St and Indian School by the Arcadia Tavern.  They also do free pick up and delivery and if you call in advance when you're on your way they'll get your order ready and deliver to your car!  Seriously what else can you ask for?  :)
5	I started going to Elite Cleaners because it is so close to my house. And never dawned on me to write a review since most people go to closest dry cleaners to their house. But there yelp page seemed unloved so I took one for the team and wrote the first review. The women who work here are super nice. They do an excellent job with both laundry and dry cleaning. And the price is not to bad for dry cleaning, I recently picked up 15 articles both dry cleaning/laundry and it was 30 bucks! And that was before my discount as a returning customer. The only downside is that this place shares a parking lot with Arcadia Grill. Which I have never been too but based on their lack of parking and over use of valet service means lack of parking. So just dont expect to pick up your laundry durning lunch time. Though there is a drop off only parking spot, but just one. So here is hoping luck is on your side if you do try to pick it up durning lunch.
5	I've been going to Elite Cleaners for over 5 years now. What I love, is that if it can be cleaned... it will be cleaned... to PERFECTION! I trust the entire team here to clean everything from down comforters to silk dresses. I even bring in my jackets that needed pockets sewn or buttons attached.There is no over-promising either. Last New Years I worked an event and practically ruined my silk dress that had a train as I ran around and attended to spills, pouring champagne, etc. I brought the dress in and the owner took a look and said it would be almost impossible to clean but he could try. I gave them as much time as they needed to clean the dress. 5 days later, it was ready for pickup and looked almost brand new!!! I trusted them to do what they know and do best - and it worked.This is a great, local-owned business that takes pride in the services they offer and their customer service!
5	They were super helpful. I brought in a ski jacket that had been beat up and when I got it back I swear it looked brand new....as white as when I had first bought it. They even offered to deliver it to me.  These guys are AMAZING!!!
5	I found this gem on Yelp (go figure)and have taken numerous shirts, jackets, pants, and dresses etc.to be cleaned.  This company lives up to it's name.  The staff is prompt, professional, and reliable.  The owner takes customer service very seriously and values customer loyalty.  I used the spend $30 for $50 coupon on the yelp site and redeemed it from my phone.  It was a true breeze.  The owner (I'm assuming) explained they have delivery service free of charge.  I agree witb his philosophy- dry cleaning should be hassle free.  Quality work every time, no exceptions.  Not necessarily the cheapest, but absolutely the best.  You get what you pay for.  Cheers!  One request for the owner: please put a fan (or anything to cool) in the receiving area.  That place can get toasty for those that choose to pick up in person.
5	Friendly - bought the 30 for 50 coupon and store was more than Happy to honor it. They are very professional, fast and the clothes came out great. They gave me a drop back with my info on it in case I wanted to drop off after hours. Really cool for a first time customer to be treated like I had been going for years.
2	We recently moved and were looking for a laundry service. We always use a laundry service because A, we hate to fold, and B, it is usually around the same price as doing it ourselves, but works with our busy schedules. We left the DC area paying roughly $1 per pound (mind you DC is the 3rd most expensive city in the US) expecting something in that ball park (an average load for us has been roughly $20-$30).  First off, we get no estimate when we drop off 28 pounds of laundry, so needless to say when we went pick it up we were shocked at the over $100 price for our laundry.  Granted they gave us a deal ($96 instead of the original charge) and fancy bags to carry our stuff, but furthermore they even charged us for the wrong weights.  Needless to say, even at the correct weight they are overpriced! We will be going somewhere else where laundry service.
4	I had no problem redeeming the 30-50 coupon. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. The clothes came out clean, except one that said they couldn't take the stains off without damaging the item, that item was charge which I don't think it should; since it was not cleaned. The price on my personal opinion it's very expensive. I took 11 pieces and paid with coupon over $80.
4	This place has great service, but it's a bit pricey.
5	I have been using Elite Cleaners for over 10 years now.  I love the free pickup and delivery service!  Clothes come out great and I feel their prices are fair.
4	Nice service. Very professional.
5	Wonderful service! We have been using them for about 6 months now and absolutely love their work. They pick up and drop off at my office so it is very convenient. Wonderful packaging and they even stuff the sleeves of my dresses to keep them wrinkle free. We used a cheaper dry cleaner before, but the clothes would come back damaged, wrinkled and sometimes even smelling vaguely dirty? Using Elite is a 180 degree from that one! A little pricier, but you get what you pay for and BOY is it worth it!Way to go! :-)
5	Best customer service I've ever had at a cleaners! They were so friendly and fast. I've used them twice and will always use them.
5	Excellent service in every way.Been using them for years. Always accommodating, pick up by Jeff always smiles and prompt. Dave is the best owner.
