3	Love this place.  All the work is done on site and they have the machines to dry clean large items like comforters.  They also do on site alterations.
1	I used this cleaner for about 3 years all was great until. I received my clothes and it looked like they weren't washed, just ironed. the armpits had deep wrinkles and smelled of my deodorant. My wife asked to have it redone and it looked worse than before like they took it out of the bag and hung it back up, except that now there is two stains on the shirt.  The cashier said let me give you a refund. $2 bucks for so much trouble, a ruined $75 silk shirt.The "who cares" attitude will keep me away forever.  It was a good cleaner until the first time I had a problem. Thats when you know if they are a good business or not, and they are definitely not.
1	I wish it was possible to leave zero stars for review.NEVER EVER USE THIS DRY CLEANER!!! PLEASE READ BEFORE CONSIDERING THIS BUSINESS!!!!! My husband and I tried Royal Cleaners for the first time about 4 weeks ago. We were drawn in by the low prices. My husband went in to pick up our clothes and they were ready on time. However the next morning I went through the dry cleaning bags to try and find my brand new $69.95 shirt from EXPRESS and It was nowhere to be found.However I did find a denim shirt size 3XL with an embroidered fish (bass) jumping from the front pocket. Not my shirt, not my husbands shirt...why was it wrapped up with our clothes? and where was my shirt?My husband went back into the store to return the random fish shirt and see if my new shirt was still there. Whomever was working the counter started going through a lost and found pile. (the fact that they have a lost and found shows how completely unorganized they are) Instead of finding my shirt my husband found a shirt of his that THEY HAD ALSO LOST from our order!!!!!!The lady at the counter said she would call the customers who brought in the fish shirt to see if they had my size medium beige shirt with gold sequence....seriously!!!3 and a half weeks later......THEY NEVER CALLED BACK! THEY NEVER TRIED TO MAKE THINGS RIGHT! I NEVER RECEIVED ANY COMPENSATION FOR MY BRAND NEW CLOTHING THAT THEY LOST!!!!! NEVER EVER EVER USE THIS DRY CLEANER! Unless of coarse you like having your clothes lost and you enjoy finding shirts 5 sizes to big for you that belong to random people.Please email me if you are the lucky owner of a denim 3XL shirt with a large bass embroidered on the front pocket. We returned it to Royal Cleaners and if they haven't returned it to you I have a picture to prove it was in my closet at some point. Oh and if you found my shirt and you have to wear it while you are fishing since you don't have your fishing shirt, please don't get bait juice on it and please don't loose any of the gold sparkly sequence.whittiful@hotmail.com
1	Run, do not walk, away from this place!  Hot mess!  If I could give zero stars, I would.*remember this fact, you prepay for your items.I made the mistake of going there.  I had been saving up dry clean items because I hadn't had to go to court in several months.  (Yes, I am a lawyer.)  I dropped off a few items and then went to pick them up a few days later with more items.  Picking up the second set of clothes is where the trouble started.I had seven items to pick up.  The first thing that the employee told me was that she couldn't find my two pair of pants.  I was so focused on them looking for my pants, I didn't really think about the rest or if it was accurate.  I had to leave and come back for them to get my pants.When I got home, I realized that I was short one blouse.  I called and talked to the same employee who "helped" me.  She would look around and call me back.  No call that night.  I called the following day and asked to speak to a supervisor or owner.  Once I told the person who answered the phone about the missing blouse, she passed me off to the same employee from the night before.  She apologized for not getting back to me.  She was too busy.  She said she would look for it and call me back.I received a call later that day that they located my shirt and I needed to pick it up by 5pm that evening.  Apparently, I should have ran in that night.  I got busy.  About a week later, I sent my husband in to get the blouse.  He called me because he wasn't sure with how many items he was supposed to pick up.  The staff was looking for seven items.......Anyway, after he located my blouse, the employee told my husband I owed $20.  He showed her my receipt that established I paid and even had my credit card number (last four) on the receipt.  She said, the employee must have made a mistake, so let me just run the credit card again.  He said no.  She told him that he could not leave with the shirt until he paid.  He pointed out the charge was for $20.40 and I already had six of my seven items.  She wanted to argue more, but he said, I am leaving now.  If you would like to call Henderson (police department), you have our address.  Have the police meet us at our house.Since Henderson police didn't show up at our door, I assume that they didn't take this step.Summary: Lost my pants.  Then found.  Shirt lost for a whole day and then found.  Now, they think I owe THEM $20!  I WILL NEVER GO BACK THERE AGAIN!!!!
1	Did same day dry cleaning and clothes came out looking ironed but not cleaned. Buttons were missing or loose. Terrible customer service.  I will never return. I absolutely do not recommend this place.
