4	When I played high school football (back when the universe was still expanding and the earth was cooling) we never had any cool things to shout at the line of scrimmage ("hut 1, hut 2, HIKE" was about it).Then I would run 30 yards and my rag armed quarterback would under throw me by 10 yards or throw the ball 5 yards behind me and I would get hit by someone in a different colored uniform...such good memories!These days football players get to holler things at each other like "BLUE 32" (blue being the live "color" of the play and 32 being the number of the play...if you hollered "RED 32" your team would know you were trying to fool your opponent...see, 'cause RED wasn't the live color...OK too much football trivia for one afternoon).This Blue 32 is not trying to fool anyone...it's a straight ahead, upscale, well executed and thoroughly delightful sports bar (see why I went into the discourse about the nomenclature...it's a very sporty name)!The place is still so new that it smells a little like wood stain and concrete, but not too much to be off-putting...and when the food comes, that is all you are going to smell anyway!I was looking for a healthy choice for lunch today and I thought, "well, sports are healthy, right?"So I dropped in and sat at the counter so I could look over the scotch selection while I had lunch and see if this a place that I want to come back to (so very important in this day and age of so many sports bars) and I was thrilled to see that Blue 32 stocks most of my favorite single malts (along with a metric ton of beers and wine)...Yummy!I looked over the menu, and while I was pleased to see old favorites (Hi Hamburgers!...How you doin' French dip!) I couldn't believe my poor old eyes when I saw both a Monte Cristo and Shrimp Po' Boy on the menu!Now that's health food!I quickly ordered up a Monte Cristo and I was rewarded with one of the better MC sandwiches I've had!This bad boy was chock full of ham, turkey, cheddar cheese, mayo on three slices of hearty wheat flat bread...then the genius of a Monte Cristo is that they drench that rascal in egg batter and deep fry it crispy and golden brown, and then sprinkle powdered sugar all over it!The other genius of the sandwich is that they serve it with Strawberry Jam and you get to dip your MC in the jam as you eat it!The sandwich is all hot and gooey and sweet and savory...holy crap was that good!Add a pickle and a heapin' helpin' o' crispy fries and you've got a healthy and tasty (OK, tasty) lunch for your $8.99!This place is very nicely decorated and the servers all seem to be very good and up to speed on serving...no glitches...everybody was smiling and seemed happy to be there!I know, it's only my first visit...but this place has earned a spot in the regular lunchtime rotation and my go to healthy eating option!
4	Went to Blue 32 Sports Grill yesterday with the family for dinner. Laura took care of us and did a great job being our server. We started the festivities off with the happy hour nachos which comes with ground beef, sour cream, pico de gallo, cheese and jalepenos. The nachos were ok but nothing spectacular. Then my favorite part of the evening came next, they had Strawberry Lemonade on the menu,,,,,,,,,,Win! My wife loves Strawberry Lemonade and this Blue 32's version was definitely 5 stars. Every restaurant we go into she asks if they serve Strawberry Lemonade, the answer is usually no. Then she asks if they have Rasberry Lemonade and the answer is usually no. Then the server will respond that they have regular pink lemonade (the smart servers usually offer to have the bartender attempt to make the drink anyways). And she ends up having water. Needless to say, we saved a good 5 minutes in the ordering process.My sons wolfed down the bacon cheeseburgers with the fries. They commented on how the fries were different and very tasty. Obviously the burgers were tasty as well. My wife enjoyed the grilled chicken sandwich with the honey mustard. I had the Monte Cristo Sandwich which comes with this outstanding rasberry jam and fries. But I swapped out my fries for onion rings for an extra buck. The sandwich is cut into quarters, although I wish it was cut into halves since the meat kinda slips out of the bread when cut into quarters. I enjoyed the Monte Cristo, it was ok but not outstanding. However, the rasberry jam saved the day and made the Monte Cristo very tasty, I even had to ask for some more jam. Their Onion Rings are some of the best I have ever had (they also have them on the happy hour menu). The bill came to $57.03 for 4 entrees, 4 drinks and an appetizer. Part of the equation in rating any restaurant for me is the value for the meal when combined with the taste of the food, service and ambiance. And definitely $15 per head including the tip (excluding the appetizer) is reasonable for dinner.
4	I can tell this is going to become a great local hangout (they just opened up two weeks ago). We visited on Monday night with some friends. The vibe is "upscale sports grill" with lots of flat TVs, a marble bar top, and fine furnishings throughout. I was very impressed with their service and the food, everything the four of us ordered was done just right. I'm looking forward to spending more quality time hanging at Blue 32!
4	Never being able to pass up a new sports, I saw great reviews of the Blue 32 Sports Grill by Michael C and Donald S.  I figured that was just what I needed to add to my list of places to watch the hapless Seattle Mariners (and Seahawks) - an upscale sports bar.  At least if my teams lose, I can watch in a comfortable environment.  And lose they did, 11-6, perhaps on their way to setting a season record for the most losses ever by a Mariner's team.But I digress.  The Blue 32 is very nice, and I particularly like the way it is set up.  There is a very nice bar, all the requisite flat TV's,  and the sections are split up where everyone has an excellent view of the games.  More importantly, the food is very good - much better than an average sports bar.  I had their Shrimp Poor Boy and it was wonderful.  The other diners sitting near me had everything from pasta to ribs to steak, and everything looked delicious.  I asked about Happy Hour specials for food, and they had not decided yet what they were going to have as specials (but they do have a list of Happy Hour drinks on their menu, and they do plan on adding some type of food specials at some time).I sat at the bar, and the bartender was very nice and attentive.  She answered the menu questions I had, and was very on top of things.  I was very impressed that the servers were organized and efficient - especially since they had only been open for several weeks.This is definitely a place that I will be visiting in the future.  Not  to watch the dismal Seattle teams, but just to grab a sandwich or a quick meal at a reasonable price.
3	We had a work HH there last night and it was a great time.  Strong selection of draught beers, amazing boneless wings and friendly service.  This place will be great during football season as the number and placement of TVs for game watching is as good as it gets.
4	These guys have a nice place in a great location.I sat at a table in the bar and watched part of the Saturday round of the PGA.  As previous reviewers have mentioned, there are plenty of flat screens here.I ordered a grinder, fries and iced tea.  They were all very good.The service was super friendly and I'm looking forward to coming back soon.
4	Went here last Thursday after work for dinner and drinks with some coworkers and my immediate thought  was I've found football heaven. There are more Tv's in here than an Best Buy and not a bad seat in the house. For that fact alone I will be back. On top of that, the place is new, clean, has a decent beer selection and the food was great for a bar.  Service was friendly but slow and the prices were right in line. I can't wait to go back to catch a bears game in September.
4	All of the food that I've had here is freakin delicious. There are a million tvs evenly dispersed throughout the whole place - so plan to come here to watch any sport your heart desires.  The service is hit or miss.  I've had wonderful service and some so-so service.  Overall I highly recommend this over Zipps (my old fave) to eat, drink, and watch sports at.  The price of the food is equal to Zipps, but I'm pretty sure Blue 32 has a lot more (and tastier) options.  Great for a quick work lunch, too - they get the food and check to you fast.  Go check this place out!
4	With football season just around the corner, I am so happy to have Blue 32 open in my neighborhood! (Now I have no reason to ever step in Zipp's again, I definitely won't miss the smell of dirty rags and the crappy food!) I decided to check it out on Saturday for lunch, I thought that I should try to preview it before it becomes packed during football season. Blue 32 is an upscale sports bar, the inside is crisp and clean and there are TONS of flat-screen TVs all over the place! The menu is huge....so many options and many of them unique that you don't see on a regular sports bar menu. We started with a basket of onion rings, and wow, yummy! They batter was light, but they had added a touch of heat to the batter, that made them perfect for dunking in cool, creamy ranch dressing! I ordered the Shrimp & Bacon Quesadilla off of the appetizer section, which I though was a nice change from the standard chicken quesadilla (which they do have for traditionalists). The quesadilla was huge, filled with shrimp, bacon and cheese and served with guacamole and sour cream, it was amazing and big enough that I got to bring home leftovers! My friends tried the BBQ Chicken Flatbread and the classic BLT. They both really liked their dishes, and like the quesadilla, both portions were big and required take home boxes! This is my new go to place, I can't wait to try out more of the menu and watch 4 football games at once!
4	I was pleasantly surprised to see a number of positive reviews from the Yelp faithful for a sports bar/grill, so the wife and I decided to head over for some college football over Labor Day weekend.The layout is great with a long bar and two big areas for seating.  One area is mostly high-top tables and is more bar-centric.  The other area is almost all large booths with plenty of space for 8+ folks per table.  The TVs are EVERYWHERE and cover just about every seating angle.  It's definitely a sports bar that also has a big menu, not a restaurant that also shows sporting events.  Sound is turned up for most games so you had better be there for a game and not just to eat as there is no escaping the TVs and sound.The good news is that if you are there to watch sports, there's plenty to like besides all the TVs.  There were over 15 beers on tap plus an equal number of bottled choices.  My wife said her mixed drink was well made and plenty strong - they also have a specialty drink list for those that like a little help selecting their beverage. The menu was BIG and the food we ordered was very tasty.  My wife got the Rib Sampler off the appetizer list which consisted of four "fall of the bone" pork ribs that were served very hot and were really good.  I got the Buffalo Chicken Salad which was well made, had good crisp chicken, hot buffalo sauce, and lots of greens.  If there was one critique of the food list, it was that it could be a bit repetitive across the categories (e.g. Buffalo chicken wrap, salad, burger, strips, etc.)The staff was friendly and accomodating - service was quick and they accepted a coupon I had from localdines for $30 of food with no issues (something I recommend grabbing if you are headed here anytime soon).we'll definitely be back for whatever the next "big game" is - Blue 32 is a cut above the Zipps and Fox Sports Grills in Scottsdale and worth serious consideration for your next sports-fueled food fest might be.
4	Great food, great selections and a great happy hour. Now this is a place to come and watch football on Sundays! I will update this post after the next time I go, this first time I only had one beer and don't think that is enough to rate their food, atmosphere, etc. But so far, I'm a fan!
3	I have to give them 3 stars on my first visit and hope I can move that up to 5 by the time I return.   GREAT location, GREAT size and TV's everywhere.  I visited on Thursday, the opening of the NFL season and they were HUGELY understaffed and they acted surprised they would be that busy, our waiter and commented many times and there were 2 bartenders to accomodate all?  Seriously!  HELLO! , you opened a sports bar!   Over staff and send your employees home.   Also, the AC was cranked, and there were tables where the air was blowing down and you couldn't comfortable sit there.  And the mega fan didn't need to be on mach speed....a moderate fan speed makes sense.  The misting system was on well after sun set and it was feeling damp, as you recall Thurs temps were nice on their own. Hope you get it together before my next visit.  ON a positive note, the Hot Wing salad was great and I like that you make your own dressing and the blue cheese dressing actually had REAL chunks of cheese....thumbs up there!
4	Food: 3 starsBloody Mary: 3 starsLocation: 5 starsSize: 5 stars (not too big)I had no idea what to expect when my boyfriend and I pulled into a strip mall to go to a sports bar, but the place was awesome. The energy from all of the Sunday NFL fans was amazing and I love the fact that every seat in the house is prime for viewing. The food and the service were not as good as I has hoped, but I will definitely be going back.
5	I went to Blue 32 last night and the food is just fantastic!  By far the best spinach dip I've ever had and if you are into burgers, try the Hot Texas Burger, it's delicious.  The atmosphere was great and you won't find a better TV set up in the valley.  I can't wait to go back for Sunday Football!
5	Yelp reviews come through again - love this site and love this sports bar too!  Lived here for over 30 years and visited tons of sports bars - this one ranks up as one of the best I've been to yet.  Don't let the outside fool you with it's pretty fountains in the middle of "yuppy" Scottsdale.  Nice decor inside but nothing over the top - t-shirt and shorts kind of place.  If you're into sports - more TV's than you know what to do with.  Hubby and I ordered more food than we needed just to check out different things and all were incredibly good!  Monte Crisco sandwich, fries, onion rings, chicken tenders - all some of the best we've tasted and the prices were surprisingly decent. I think we've found our new "hangout"...you've got to check this place out.
4	Great food with family!  Good place to laugh and watch a game or two.
4	We went here to watch the UW v Arizona game.  While the game sucked the restaurant was great!  Large menu of good food (for a sports bar).  The beer was very reasonably priced (which is always nice).  Very attentive server and other Huskies were there to watch to astonishment at our horrible team.  If I was ever in Scottsdale again and needed a place to watch a game I'd come back in a heart beat.
5	Blue 32 wins my MVP award. I practically lived at this place during the Giants World Series run, and loved every moment of it! Despite the fact that I am still stuck in an orange and black-out World Series Championship daze (that will probably continue for at least another month or so), I must up the rating of this place to 5 stars because Blue 32 is now my favorite sports bar in all of Scottsdale. The service is top notch and the atmosphere is excellent for game watching.Here are the main two reasons why I will keep coming back here: 1. Food - This is the best bar food ever! You must try their onion rings, they are crazy delicious. Also if you aren't in the mood for fried food they have tons of healthy options as well. 2. TVs - Sports fans, it doesn't get much better than this when it comes to TVs. Outstanding visibility from every angle of the restaurant. No sports bar in Scottsdale can compete with Blue 32's TVs.Go here for a game and you won't be disappointed. I decked myself out in orange and black, screamed, jumped around with excitement and just all around enjoyed myself while hanging out in the bar area during the games. Overall, Blue 32 is a high quality sports bar and you've got to check this place out!P.S. GO GIANTS! =)
4	Was in Scottsdale for an overnight trip and decided to stop by this place to have some dinner and watch the Suns vs Lakers game.  The joint is a really nice sports bar and grill....I've never been to a sports bar that was so nice before, I thought I had the wrong place when I arrived.  The restaurant is well kept and looks like it just opened, at least by the cleanliness and decor.Since I was alone, I saddled up to the bar and decided to eat and have a few Beers while I watched the game.  The menu is pretty extensive, so I asked the bartender for her recommendation.  She suggested the Boneless Wings ($7.99) or the Sliders ($7.99 + $.50 w/Cheese).....I said, "What the hell, let's go for both!".  I asked her to make sure the Boneless Wings were really Spicy.  Since I had been in China for the past 10 days I was in the mood for some heat.....she said that their hottest wing sauce wasn't that hot....but that the cooks could whip up  a Habanero Sauce for me.  I asked her to have the Boneless Wings prepared with Hot Sauce and put the Habanero Sauce on the side, just to be on the safe side, LOL.  To wash it down, I had a 22 oz SunUp Trooper IPA ($5.50).I watched the Lakers vs Suns game for a while and made some new friends at the bar while I waited for my food.  After a short wait the first dish to come out was the Boneless Wings.  The Habanero Sauce was so Hot that when they placed it down in front of me I choked on the fumes....and this was with the Sauce on the Side!  I had to move the plate off to the side, just so I could breathe....perfect!  I took one piece of Boneless Wing, dipped it into the Habanero Sauce, and took a bite....wow, it packed a big punch!  Very spicy and soooo good!  The Chicken was moist and juicy and cooked just right.....not too crunchy and not too soft....and full of flavor.The Sliders came out a few minutes later....so I left 1/2 my Wing order to go try the Sliders.  There were 4 Sliders on the plate.  I tried it with a little Blue Cheese Dressing.....yum!  Then I dipped them in a little Blue Cheese then with the Habanero Sauce that came with the Wings....even better!  I told the bartender to tell the cooks that their Habanero Sauce was a huge hit and to thank them for me.It took me a while, but I devoured everything I ordered.  2 IPA's later and with a Lakers' loss in the making, I asked the bartender to change up the Beer order and asked for her recommendation.  She suggested the 4 Peaks Peach Ale (22 oz $5.50)....ok, I normally don't do Peach flavored Beer but went with it anyway.  I'm glad I did, it had a nice smooth finish and you could barely taste the Peach flavor....it didn't overwhelm the brew.Despite a Lakers loss, I had a great time and meal here.  Kudos to the staff for making a patron happy by whipping up a spicy Habanero Sauce on the fly....you can almost feel the heat in the pics I took.Will I return?  You bet I will!
2	So Scottsdale needs a good sports bar....so I REALLLY wanted to like Blue 32.  But in the end I am not very impressed. Let's start with the first thing that sets the tone for your dining experience, the hostess and wait staff. This was my third time there and we arrived during Saturday College Football. It was me and three buddies. The hostess had no idea what was going on and she was walking us to a table in the bar when two other people took it from right in front of us. Instead of her telling them to get up she made us wait. We waited for close to an hour. Finally we get a seat at the bar. Now the TV situation at Blue 32 ss great...if you have an in with the guy managing the TV Remote. We were there for the GAME OF THE WEEK and they insisted the ASU vs NO ONE CARES game was more important. I don't think the bar manager got the memo that 85% of the US who watches college sports was watching the game of the week. Now to the food. Decent not great. I have had their tacos, wings and burgers all of which were nothing but mediocre at best. If I could fuse the set up of Blue 32 with the food from Zipps or Goldies then we would have a real Scottsdale Sports Bar. For now we are stuck with this....
1	Food is not great and service was terrible. Live nearby and was excited to go in and watch a game. Awful. Will never go back. this place does have great TV's, BUT service and attitude make this the only one star I have ever given a place.
4	More like 4.5 starsAs far as bar fare goes, Blue 32 so far has my favorite in Scottsdale. The sandwiches are top notch, the wings are standard recipe, but really quite good. Actually, they're really good!As far as drinks go, the dirty martini is nice, I like the blue cheese olives. Beer selection is well sprinkled with local drafts and some euro stuff.Service is what you'd expect from a sports bar...quick and relatively distant.
4	For the ULTIMATE sports bar experience, Blue 32 is my go to spot. Located on Scottsdale Road just south of Indian Bend, Blue 32 offers an upscale sports bar environment, food, and service. There are flat screen TVs all over the place with outstanding surround sound system. They have a beautiful marble bar top, and classy furnishings throughout the place. The food here is better quality than your usual wings and burgers you might get down the street at any other bar. The nachos are packed real high with cheese, chicken, salsa...ohhhh, just name it and they will throw it on there. This is my go-to place to watch football or any other sporting event that might be on. Thanks Blue 32 for opening doors in my neighborhood!
2	Great place to watch sports. Beer is always good, but the menu needs a little help.   Depending on what you order, but the nachos are embarrassing!   Who uses cheese sauce on nachos....it makes sense at a baseball park, but come on Blue 32....step it up!   The air handling system is horrible too.  Bring a scarf and parka, for if you sit at the high tables, you could freeze to death.
1	WORST SERVICE EVER.  Slow would be a compliment!!!  And the managment doesn't care.  Oh, and the food sucks and the coffee tastes like water. Avoid...
1	Wow.  I don't think I've ever given a 1 before.  But this place deserves it.  Super Bowl Sunday.  We arrive and the place is probably 25-33% empty.  We are then informed that everything is by invitation.  Wouldn't have a problem with that, except that we looked at the website last week and again today, no mention of invitations.  Just around the block from us, and we were looking forward to finding a nice place to go on the weekends to watch games... we found it.  It was Babes on Shea, not this place.
3	Food great Service not so great other wise four starsTurkey bacon wrap and the onion rings were not typical for sports bar food. In fact it was mouth watering savory. In fairness, I think there was some confusion as to who our waitress was, since we went there on the opening day of Spring training baseball and they were slammed.I'm going to try it again tomorrow for the NCAA hoops final four. I hope the service doesnt suck but if it does, the onion rings make up for any ditzy waitress I might encounter. Plenty of tv sets, games, and seating options. Open and airy, nice patio, lots of plastic surgery and fake hoo ha's to look at since its right in ground zero Scottsdale.
4	I will be the first to admit the service is lacking (I am very into service as I feel my patronage should be appreciated). That said, this is by far and away the best sports bar in Scottsdale. That is what it is and doesn't pretend to be anything but. The TV's are well placed and the sound system is terrific. You can really enjoy a game here as the crowd is knowledgeable and into the games on the screen. The food is on par for sports bars so don't expect gourmet but it really is quality and fairly priced.The patio is well equiped and is great for smokers and for happy hour in the summer.I recommend this place as a fine sports bar in  Scottsdale!
4	Met some friends here to watch the Boston/Vancouver game 6. Big, open modern upscale space with plenty of high-quality Panasonic 50" TV's all over the place. This is important to me being from the audio/video business- many sports bars buy the cheapest HDTV's they can find and it really shows.Great beer specials- $2.75 domestic drafts till 7pm, our group loved the fish tacos and huge chicken wings that you can order how you like (all drums please).Definitely will be back.BOTTOM LINE: Blue 32 I'll be a regular here too.
5	We used our local dines coupon for this experience and we were super satisfied. The food was quick, hot, fresh, and yummy!  The service was great. Quincy took care of us! Atmosphere was comfortable. T.V's, booth space, air tempature, were all up to par and made for a pleasant dining experience. Happy hour 3-7 m-fThank you Blue 32~!
4	We just had a fantastic dinner and I have to tell you the food was good the drinks cold and service fast. I love the 30 or so TVs, I was able to watch my two Chicago games. Nice pub
3	I would give this place 3.5 stars because there was nothing wrong with this place but nothing outstanding either.  Average bar food.  Good sports bar atmosphere with lots of TVs.  A little more upscale from the average sports bar- in a good way.  Waitress was kind of rude.
5	For bar food this place rocks. Best onion rings in town. Yum!
3	Cute name for a sports grill, convenient location with ample parking, a vibrant, casual atmosphere, and the massive amount of TVs at this place is impressive!  Booths are comfortable, bathrooms are clean, and our service from Jasmine was attentive too...Unfortunately, the food was just ok.  We started with chips, salsa, queso, and guac for the table... not bad.  Jared ordered a half dozen spicy wings next, which he said were not very meaty, but he liked the sauce.  For our meals, I had the salmon (which came with rice and broccoli and I added on a small house salad to start), our friend Jen had a Buffalo Chicken Salad, and Jared had the Blue 32 Turkey Reuben with fries (which I ate).  The homemade ranch dressing was good and everything else was fine; nothing amazing.  (My salmon was overcooked, rice was clumpy, and Jared's sandwich was soggy).Bottom line:  Blue 32 is a higher end sports bar with decent food and a nice beer selection.  (They do have a bunch of local beer on draft, which is a nice touch).  Go for the atmosphere and to cheer on your favorite team, but don't go in with high expectations on the food...
4	I was pleasantly surprised at this sports bar. Not your typical bar-food menu - though plenty of those staples as well. The menu was a bit longer than most sports bar type establishments, and varied. I had the grilled shrimp w/ rice and broccoli which sounds incredibly boring and possibly bland - it was neither. Grilled shrimp can easily come out dry and/or rubbery and this dish was tender, flavorful and the rice was flavored with a cilantro lime sauce. So yummy! My husband had Buffalo chicken sandwich that he ooohed and aahed over, so I guess he loved it. I was pleased to be able to get a decent wine by the glass! They also offer many specialty cocktails in addition to beer (of course). Spacious, modern decor. Lots of big booths, plenty of seating and many large TVs for those of you specifically looking for a place to watch the game. Also, the server was a new trainee who clearly had worked in restaurants before because she displayed absolutely no "Newness" and her trainer was helpful and attentive as well.
4	Very nice place, had not been there before when in Scottsdale. A bit crowded because of Sunday football. Had a wide selection on the menu, goods wines. Was not your typical sports bar. Will go back again.
4	Wow, the number of flat screens in this bar would impress the football gods!  I felt really welcomed when I visited Blue 32 -- it wasn't too rowdy nor too quiet either.  I ordered the Black and Blue burger, which definitely hit the spot.  Though, I do need to get my butt back to the gym.  Regardless, bleu cheese and bacon on a burger -- how can you say No!?  It was cooked perfectly and with fat yummy fries on the side.  Didn't order a drink unfortunately this time since my weekend hangover was still lingering haha!  Service was okay; we were greeted with a smile.  Though I'm always irked when I have to wait for my water to be filled, but all is well.The ambience was real chill for a sports bar, but like I said not too rowdy is good for me.  I like the spot lighting and the booth and bar separation was perfect. - Enjoy!
4	Went here on a whim for lunch and to check out the college football games. The place is like an upscale Zipps with nice sized flat screens everywhere. The hostess greeted us with a friendly smile and was very accommodating with our three table changes (first one wasn't by the game we wanted, second table was fine, but then we ran into friends and needed a bigger table). The wings are yummy, but I could have used a moist towelette at the end (bathrooms are for wussies). My date got the Texas burger that looked delicious. Apparently it was because by the time I finished my second wing, there were only a few pieces of bun left on his plate. The fries are along steak fries size, but crispy, which is fun. I got a side salad with my wings, which is a fairly decent portion with the tomatoes diced into yummy bite sizes. All in all, it gets a 4 out of 5 and I would love to go back.
2	This is an excellent place to watch a game. If I had only been there to watch a game I might give this place about 4 stars, but I'd had a long day, wanted to watch a game and unwind with a couple glasses of wine and some dinner.I stopped in recently with a friend when  in the area and Roka seemed less than lively. Our guess that this place might be more lively was perhaps correct, in that it had 6 people at the bar rather than 4 and had about 30 flat screen TV's running baseball games and various other sporting events. We chose to sit at the bar, because I always think you get better service there and the restaurant itself was pretty slow at 730 on a weeknight. That thing about better service didn't really hold up here as it seemed out bartender was also handling issues around the restaurant and after I finished my first glass of wine the glass sat empty for quite some time before someone came by to see about a refill. I will tolerate just about anything as long as I have a cocktail in front of me, and as pouring drinks is the primary function of a bartender this was more than slightly annoying. We ordered the ahi appetizer for a starter (I know I should probably be slapped for even ordering something like this in a sports bar). I had a couple bites and they were okay, but parts of the fish were actually starting to grey, which can't be a good sign. For dinner we had the salmon and a flatbread. Both the bartenders on duty raved about the flatbreads. I believe they have never eaten a flatbread anywhere else or they probably would stop raving about these. It was a relatively flavorless bread, which was not at all crisp on the bottom or the edges, lightly topped with cheese, sauce and some bits of chicken. It was edible as a food dish, but the part I found off putting was that the bread seemed to be taking on the flavor of the wooden paddle it was served upon. Yes, I know you can cook bread over wood and it will take on the wood flavor, but I am 99% sure this was coming off the wooden serving board. I actually took most of it home and the taste went away by the next day and the whole thing was well served by about 5 minutes in the toaster oven.  The salmon was also very very okay. The best thing I  think we ate was the broccoli side that came out with the fish. They were sharp green, flavorful and cooked perfectly. The fish was kind of overdone and uninteresting. I feel like maybe this place should go to a smaller menu to be able to have more consistency with preparation.
4	Blue 32 is my favorite place in town to watch a game (other than my living room). It's the best sports bar food I've had in the area, the booths are really comfortable and there are a ton of high quality HD TVs. I've been there for Oregon football games, which are always fun (except when we play an Arizona school), as well as Arizona basketball games and the NCAA tournament. I've also been there randomly when I'm craving their boneless wings...One of the best memories I have in AZ was at Blue 32 watching the Sweet 16 game this year between Arizona and Duke. Seeing the roof blown off by all the U of A fans was pretty special...It reminded me of the fanaticism that I see in Oregon for Duck football. That's what's so great about Blue 32. It's not 100% crazy, but there's always a good energy going, with the occasional freakout moment when Derrick Williams throws down on what seems like the entire Duke starting 5...As far as food goes, I love their boneless buffalo wings. They also have good onion rings and fries, and their burgers, sandwiches and salads are also pretty good. They have a great happy hour with cheap appetizer options (cheap boneless wings!!!) and good beer specials.There's ample parking and outdoor seating as well. There isn't a bad seat in the house because they have so many TVs. Regardless of where you're sitting you'll be able to watch what you came to watch. If it's really busy, service gets pretty slow, so keep that in mind if you end up here during a big game. Overall, Blue 32 is a great place to come for good food and drinks while you're watching your favorite team.
5	Excellent food. Try the BBQ ribs. This is THE place for NFL Sunday - all the games on consistent size TVs, maps of what games are on in each area. Nice outdoor patio.
4	A really good sports set up to watch NFL football if you're an out of market fan, as I am.  Seating is good, open, and a lot of booths and bar stools if you want them. They have a pre-mapped out set of TV's that will show each game.  If you go to early morning games here (1 pm eastern standard time), you'll have no problem finding a spot that's comfortable and right in front of you tv if not close.  The food is standard bar fair, nothing that's going to blow your socks off.  The wings are good, and the "hot" is not that hot.  They have breakfast in the morning which usually switches over during the first NFL game on Sunday.  Definitely good for NFL Sundays.
4	Come here to watch a game but don't go out of your way to visit for the food. That's the bottom line for me when it comes to Blue 32. Every wall is lined with flat screen tvs playing every game imaginable. If there's a big game on, you better be early because this place will be packed. I look at Blue 32 like a sports bar and for a sports bar, this is definitely above par if you're comparing it to other sports bars in the area. The food is decent but doesn't blow me out of the water. Think of it like your generic bar food with a slight culinary twist. We started with the artichoke dip which came with long piece of soft and tasty bread and the waitress added a bowl of chips. The dip hit the spot. Following, we shared a wrap since we'd had a late lunch. We got the chicken, avocado bacon wrap with fries. The wrap was good and could have maybe used a little bit more zing to it but it also hit the spot. The fries were tasty and also could have used a bit more seasoning but I ate them anyway so I guess I can't complain! Again, this is a great place to come and watch a game (or 30) at one time and the bonus is that they have decent food you can eat while you watch. This is one of the reviews I'd like to give a 3.5 to but due to the impressive number of flat screens, I'm rounding up to a 4 star.
4	Cool sportsbar/restaurant. No excessive clutter, plenty of TVs evenly distributed, and good food.
4	Good food and able to manage a large group easily. Our party had 11 and there wasn't a long wait at all. Highlights: spinach and artichoke dip, onion rings, and tortilla soup. Total tab was only $160 for the whole group.
3	Decent Food; Noisy and TV's everywhere.
1	I actually visited this place twice in one day.  Both were fairly bad experiences.  The first time, the bar was empty so I sat by a table and it took a good while before I got a menu, or was asked what I wanted.  It also took awhile to just get a beer.  I ordered a simple meal and one beer and still didn't get to leave for over an hour!  I had to go to the bartender b/c the waiter was nowhere to be found and the manager had to cash me out.  I came back later that day, and literally stood in a packed bar for over 1 1/2 hours.  After being told by the hostess that a waitress is serving the area, I never once was offered a beer or anything to drink.  The waitress in the area just ignored me.  Their service is the worst i've ever seen in my entire life.  Blue 32 in Hermosa is much better.  I will never go to this bar again nor will I endorse it for anyone.  It's the worst bar in scottsdale as far as I'm concerned.
4	This is a great place to go and watch the games. The buffalo shrimp appetizer as well as the grilled shrimp entree are both great! My friend always gets the monte cristo sandwich which is amazing. On game days it wouold be best to get here early because this place gets super busy they got Tv's lined up everywhere that shows all the games which makes it more fun and exciting.
3	Good food, nice atmosphere. A little pricey for the food (lunch), but good. Service was good, not too crowded. Would come back!
4	My dad, his sister and I decided on this place for lunch one day while we were visiting AZ.  We started with an awesome chips and queso appetizer with tortilla shell bowls holding the queso and salsa.  It wouldn't be a bad place to watch a game either, as they have tv's at every angle all over the restaurant. There wasn't a bad seat in the house.  They also kept it cool enough inside that my aunt was able to get the soup she had been craving which the hot weather didn't allow for her to make at home like she could in Chicago.  I tried the Southwest Salad, minus the chicken, which was good.  It needed more spice, which I assume probably came with the chicken portion of the meal. I would have preferred it doused all the way in chipotle ranch sauce instead of it drizzled on top of a tossed balsamic vinaigrette for an ultimate Southwest feel.   Overall the bar was similar to a chain, such as Buffalo Wild Wings, with its own twist on menu items.
3	I got the Ahi Tuna steak preparred in a blackened style. Man alive this was really nice piece of fish. I would recommend this to anyone. I would have to say however, that not having noodles, yes noodles is something that is a little strange. I origninally ordered a seafood pasta, but kind of hard to do with no pasta. The beers are all quite good and there are a million TV's to look at.
4	It's a great place to go to watch a game, or just sit outside and eat. Very friendly staff.  Typical bar food, but a very interesting things thrown in.
4	Big sports bar with more TVs than you can count, ice (and I mean ice, frosty) cold beer, delicious food (try the mushroom swiss burger, and definitely the onion rings), and fantastic service.  What more could you ask for??  For catching any big game this is the place to be!
2	ok so i thought this place was great! please note.... thought it was....  decent food, good atmosphere.... we were in there Wednesday night and it was about 9:40 and some friends showed up after their ball game... they rec'd no service... none... they sat there till about 9:55 and then she came out to tell them they were closing at 10 and the kitchen was closed... who turns down customer's these days??? maybe a over priced place?? think about it... there was going to be 4 people eating and two or 3 more of us drinking... that is at least another $100-200... i guess it was not worth their time.. We were really disappointed and the 4 friends left and went to Zipps... sorry Blue 32.. you just lost 6 customers.. Customer service is key... if you don't have that you lose people.. period.... Yes and i am sharing this on FB...
4	Been here 4 or 5 timesPro's- tons of TV's for game watching in the bar area- food overall has been good- service also good each timeCon's- nothing really to comment onI believe this place has found the balance between bar and restaurant.  Their size helps.  Has a patio that is really nice when not too hot.  Good place
3	First impression is: major overhead. The building is BIG and it's on Scottsdale Road near Indian Bend, so this is not low rent... And you see it on the menu.  The food is good, but mostly standard bar fare.  The upside is what you really go for - lots of sports on hi def monitors.  The plus is there really is no competition in this part of town and the people are friendly.
5	great sports bar. TV's galore. Good food. Outside patio. While many places claim to be sports bars, for some reason they wind up not paying attention to the TV's and wind up with hair removal infomercials playing.This place knows what they are doing with the tv's. I was watching the manager who looked like had a spreadsheet with every game planned out and on what tv's. They also play the sound from the premier game.
2	Good atmosphere but poor TV placement and slow unattentive service made this first visit to Blue 32 disappointing.  Probably won't be back.
4	This is a great sports bar that is not too loud (you can actually have a conversation in here) and watch sports on the many screens around the bar/restaurant. Located in the Artesia Center at Scottsdale Road and Indian Bend, this newly opened (couple of years ago) spacious eatery has large booths at the rear for a business or family meal or bar tables and out door patio spaces for a more social-meet your friends on Sunday-type of gathering. The bar is enormous and inviting, too! The menu is American but one special is my favorite-the grilled salmon salad with glazed walnuts, goat cheese and cranberries is outstanding! I go there just for that! Prices are really reaonsable and wait staff is friendly and attentive! No waiting for 10 minutes to get a menu and order! Highly recommended!
5	I was in the area for a long weekend and was looking for a sports bar to watch the world series. This place is unbelievable. Very family friendly (was there with my young kids). Comfortable seating, spacious, great food! Did I say great food? It was really amazing bar food. Great wings, burgers and nachos. Very good value for money. Service was excellent. Place is clean. Staff friendly.  TVs everywhere, large ones, HD. This place was the best sports bar I have been to in a very long time. Hard to think how it could be any better. Perhaps if they handed out free $!00 bills, but let's not get carried away. Did I say that I had a good experience here?
3	Great service, great salads, so-so burger buns... Overall atmosphere is nice minus the loud base system... save that for nighttimers.
4	I came here on a Saturday night to watch an ASU game and have a nice dinner. It's located right off Scottsdale Road, easily visible from the street. There was no wait when we came (around 8PM) but very packed. We were seated at a bar top and were quickly greeted by our waiter. I decided to order a raspberry margarita, which was pretty good. I do prefer margaritas on the rocks and this one was frozen. I ordered a caesar salad to start and the chicken alfredo. The alfredo pasta came with rotini noodles, which I liked but reminded me slightly of a macaroni and cheese. The portion was HUGE though, definitely share or plan to take a lot home! Everything was good, the place has a bunch of TV's and the bar area with the TV on was really loud. If you don't like to watch sports while eating/drinking, I probably wouldn't come here. But, if you don't mind it or like it, it's a fun place to check out. Overall, I had a good time and would recommend.
4	Great classy sports bar with lots of TVs, good food, and long list of beers on draft. I came here on a Monday night to watch the Cardinals game and the layout was great every direction I looked there was a giant TV there. The only downfall was the wait staff they took forever to bring out drinks and food that's the only reason for the lower rating.
5	This place is great! Went there last nite with boyfriend and best friend and had a blast. Kimberly our waitress was so attentive and had an adorable personlity! We will deffenitly be back, great food, good draft beer, tons of Tv's and great service!Try the fried pickles~ Yummy
4	New Year's Day is a big day for college football. There are SEVERAL Bowl games being aired. So, when my in-laws suggested we go there for lunch, I was immediately nervous about having to wait an inordinate amount of time to even get into this place.Shockingly, right during peak Bowl game time, the place was practically empty! This afforded me the opportunity to marvel in the sports majesty of Blue 32. I mean, there are t.v.'s EVERYWHERE in this place! There isn't a single seat in the house that isn't facing multiple televisions, which is great, since they air so many sports channels at the same time.The interior of the restaurant is divided into three separate sections: the bar, high-tops, and booth seating. Being that we had a little one with us, we opted for the booth seating. The booths are very spacious. Our party consisted of four adults and one toddler, and we each had arm room and table space to spare. To make the booths a little more inviting, the backs of each booth appear to be considerably taller than in most restaurants. Given the rowdiness that can stem from sporting events, these high-backed booths offer a small hint of intimacy if you're looking to have a conversation with the rest of your party.Now, as I mentioned, the restaurant was really empty by Bowl game crowd standards. For some reason, it took a considerable amount of time for our waitress to greet us after we were seated. After that, it took even longer for our food to arrive at the table. When it did arrive, though, it was pretty good. Typical bar fare is wings and fried foods. Here, they have a full menu of great burgers, chicken, salads, and seafood. For four adults and one toddler, ordering three entrees, two appetizers, and two alcoholic beverages, our final bill came out to around $60.00...during happy hour. So, during prime time, I'm sure the bill would have been considerably higher.While we were leaving, I noticed that they do have an AWESOME covered patio. There are a few televisions, misters, and a few fans to help keep you cool during the summer.So, the atmosphere was awesome, the food was good, the service was eh. If you're looking for a great place to catch a game and have a beer, this is definitely a great candidate. If you're looking to be wowed by cuisine and service, perhaps you should try another place.
2	Went for happy hour, ordered a half-dozen wings, a burger and a beer.  When I asked the waitress why only 5 wings in the order she told me they go by weight and sometimes you only get 5!Goofy if you ask me!The owner must be saving a pile of $$ by shorting you one chicken wing on a $30+ dinner!
3	Lots of TVs and good beer selection, but the food is probably below average, even for a sports bar. I had the philly which was blah and the nachos left a lot to be desired as well. Oh, and the niners lost :-(
1	My wife & I went this evening for a beer & dinner, deciding to try something different from our favorite place- Zipp's.  Wait staff was friendly and attentive.  My wife ordered the pastrami sandwich with fries.  She liked the pastrami but disliked the roll.  The REAL disappointment was my order of Tacos al Carbon, noted as a "house favorite" on the menu.  Really?  A plate of three Mexican street tacos with a side of cilantro rice that seemed liked it had been sitting in a steamer for hours.  Surprising that my $12 taco plate paled by comparison to the approximately $4 I'd pay for a tastier plate at a local taco stand. Do better Blue 32.  Back to Zipp's.
1	First time here for lunch yesterday, party of four .  Two salads, quite good . One Monte Christo  ( my order)- gross, heavy & greasy that felt like a rock in my stomach, hardly a light touch( by comparison for a properly prepared M,C., try Renee's in Sedona!!) .  Fourth order ,Fried Chicken , deep-fried tasting of shrimp and smothered in a barely edible, "corn-starchy" sauce.
1	Poor service. Crowded and very loud. The server did not place my order and I never received my last order. Poor follow through. The boneless wings I did get we're hot and tasty though.
2	The atmosphere is great for watching a game or grabbing a drink before a movie at the theatre next door; however, the food is mediocre at best. My first time visit I had the salmon salad. It was bland and boring. Not worth $14 for sure! Second visit, I ordered the Chicken Tortilla soup. Upon it's arrival it was obvious it had been sitting in a Cambro in the walk-in for a couple days. Seriously, it came out cold and congealed.  I put my spoon in the bowl and bounced it on top of the soup jello. Giving benefit of the doubt, I had them refire it. It came out scalding Hot and I burnt my tongue (did they do that on purpose?). The flavor was ok but I kept thinking why am I bothering to eat this slop?! Bottom line, the food is frozen and made in bulk. It's expensive for the quality but you are paying for location and convenience.
4	The food is very good and the atmosphere is great.
3	Everything was just ok- decent food- decent service- decent atmosphere.
3	This is a pretty cool place to go.  They have a large menu to choose food from.  We had a large party and sat outside on the patio.  The food was good, but not great.  I had a ribeye steak and the quality was average.  At least I didn't have to send it back, though.  One issue I had was that our party was about 24 people and they only assigned 2 servers to our party.  We needed at least 3, and 4 would have been better.  Because of this, we waited a long time to place our orders, get our food and get our bill.
5	I went here on Father's Day with a friend. I ordered the Hot Pastrami sandwich at the recommendation of the waiter. This was by far the BEST HOT PASTRAMI I can even remember. The waiter was very busy and the place was packed, but you wouldn't have know it. He never let my drink run out and the food was awesome. My friend got the Monte Cristo and was equally impressed. TVs are every where so I could watch the baseball games and mi amigo could watch the US Open. I can't wait to go back.
4	This is a fun place to go.  When we come to Scottsdale we always include a meal at Blue 32.  The food is great, the service is great, the menu is pretty big as well.  If you're looking for a relaxing place to go with quality sandwiches and burgers, then this is a must.  Be sure and get the onion rings, they are the best in town.
4	Only recently did I discover the Blue 32 Sports Grill.  While the food is quite delicious and the service rather fast (unless it's during a large sporting event), there are also some great happy hour specials.  Happy Hour is from 3-7 PM Monday through Friday.  It includes specially priced appetizers and drinks.  As mentioned above, large sporting events may result in a longer wait time for service, but with all of the televisions and the great ambiance for sporting events, Blue 32 is a great place to go especially if you're planning on being there for a while for a game watching.  Just remember to ask for your check well before you plan on leaving.There is also a convenient location near Scottsdale and the 101, which works with the Harkins Theatres next door to offer specials.  Also, go to their website to join their Blue 32 Sports Grill eClub for more offers.
4	A fellow Yelper saw my plea and came to my rescue with Blue 32 Sports Grill. Specifically I was in search of a Monte Cristo sandwich. Okay, not the healthiest choice to have a big ham and Swiss battered and deep fried then dusted with powdered sugar but it's been ages! Three of us tried Blue 32 out for lunch and were very impressed. It's a big place with a section off the bar with high-top seating and an outdoor patio for whenever it may cool down, a big bar area and a relaxed yet more formal dining room with big tables. Big screen TVs are all over the place with every sports show imaginable running. Service is attentive but not overbearing. Beer selection is good with a number of popular standards and some Arizona craft beers as well. The menu is extensive and builds on the pub food theme but without trying to be "cute" or bizarre, two all too common traits in Scottsdale. Food is recognizable from description. They don't give things freaky names. Menu descriptions tell you what you're going to get. Okay, order the onion rings. They're just great. They are crisp but cooked, lightly battered and FRESH, not out of a box. They a little spicy and that was fun. The platter is pretty big for $5.99 and all that the three of us could put away. Because it had been forever for all of us, each ordered the Monte Cristo which is a featured menu item. It arrived in neatly arranged quarters with fries (other options are available) and a side of raspberry jam. Let's just say, this sandwich rocked and if it's any indication of what the rest of the menu is like, this place is a keeper. The sandwich was stuffed with meat and cheese, then properly battered and deep fried before being cut and plated. It wasn't just thrown on the grill. It was properly fried. Yummy. Again, not something to eat every day but an old favorite that was fun to meet again. Our server was cheerful, efficient and attentive (thanks, Hannah) and added a lot to our experience. I'm holding off on a fifth star until I've tried some other things on the menu, but I will be back. The only down-side was the hostess who seemed fried from the heat, but aren't we all in August? We were in for a late lunch so perhaps she just needed a break. Nothing wrong at all, just not the bouncy, happy greeting we were perhaps expecting. I can overlook this easily. I lose my zip on a 108-degree day too.
4	Go there, sit at the bar and have an ice cold draught. Great for burgers and decent ribs. Why anyone goes to a sportsbar expecting a great salad is beyond me. Salad is salad lady. And having lived on both coasts, salmon in an AZ sportsbar? Not the best choice.Anyway, they have a decent beer selection and the draught is cold, poured from clean lines. You will get good service at the bar and I recommend it over eating any of that movie theater garbage whether it's before or after the movie.
3	Goreat food, but a little on the pricey end.  great for groups though and if you want to just chill and watch the game. large area for eating inside and out with plenty of TV's.
3	Blue 32 was okay.  The food was okay.  The decor is your typical sports bar.
4	This is a great place to watch sports.  They have plenty of TV's, great food, and a decent selection of Beer.  I come here to meet colleagues after work for happy hour or to watch a game (football, basketball, baseball)...doesn't matter, it's a great spot.Some of my fav's here:Slidershttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blue-32-sports-grill-scottsdale-2?select=TjmKv2XZlBO1g0jXOHWXbQ#TjmKv2XZlBO1g0jXOHWXbQChili Cheese Frieshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blue-32-sports-grill-scottsdale-2?select=xqV4rlBJ5XeAFO3dgS6fwA#xqV4rlBJ5XeAFO3dgS6fwANachoshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blue-32-sports-grill-scottsdale-2?select=g79F3KC9Z-rknwlWMAaPag#g79F3KC9Z-rknwlWMAaPagPhilly Cheesesteak Sandwichhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blue-32-sports-grill-scottsdale-2?select=6VbAe2CPZkBtQ0KokqOB0A#6VbAe2CPZkBtQ0KokqOB0ASpicy Boneless Wingshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blue-32-sports-grill-scottsdale-2?select=tLTrvL7_mcRyB-gQ_exPZA#tLTrvL7_mcRyB-gQ_exPZAEvery once in a while, they'll be on Groupon.  Whenever they are, we jump all over that.  If you like sports and good food, I highly recommend this place.Return Factor - 98%
3	The onion rings have a serious kick, but they are worthy of the good reviews. Turkey Melt was haunted by using poor quality turkey, but great bread and cole slaw ramped up the experience a bit. Seems like a normal joint, maybe slightly more upscale. Good TV setup. Will be back for football.
2	This is going to be simple and succint:  If you have ADHD then come here.  If you don't want to go to old town and feel old then come here.  Or if you don't want to go to North Scottsdale and see a lot of silver then come here.  It's a sports bar so stick with the basics:  team jersey, beer, and more beer
5	Staff and food is great!
4	We just celebrated a birthday on the patio at the Indian Bend and Scottsdale Road location.  Our service was fantastic and the Happy Hour prices were very good.  I recommend the location to anyone who wants a casual drink and snack!
3	Just your typical sports bar. Tv's and bar food. Service was great though!
4	I was very happy with my buffalo chicken sandwich and onion rings. Pizza was good also. Many TVs for a good sports bar setup.
4	Can't remove this. It is in error.
5	When it comes to sports bars with TVs, beers and good food, you would think there are lots of competition...  That's what I thought until we rolled on this place. Great feel, TVs everywhere, nice beer selection, and exceptional food. I had the philly cheese steak sandwich with onion rings. It was epic. Seriously. For any Spring Training fans in town looking for a great place to hang, this is your place.
5	The food was amazing!!!  Not your typical sports bar food. I had the blacked shrimp tacos and they were amazing!They had TVs everywhere, perfect for watching the game.
5	One of our favorite places to come eat and drink!! We're here at least once a week if not more. The food is always super consistent no matter what you get and the waitresses and bartenders are awesome. We almost always get the calamari as an appetizer. I've tried a lot of things on the menu and have loved it all but my boyfriend always goes for the grilled chicken! It's so good!! I highhhhly recommend this restaurant! (Great place to watch the games too, lots of TVs!!)
5	Awesome Baked Potato Soup with chives and sour cream.  Yum yum yum.  Great Grilled Mahi Fish tacos.  The Blue burger with bacon is one of the tastiest burgers I have eaten in my life.  I SALUTE you!  Blue burger TASTE MADNESS.  Cool sports bar atmosphere with a lot of screens to view sports.  Good American Bistro indeed.
3	Solid place to watch a sports game! TVs EVERYWHERE you look! Good beer options, serving up some of the famous Four Peaks selections and more. The menu is huge with a lot of variety! Weird, but I personally think their entrees are better than their "bar food" selection (by bar food, I mean nachos, wings, etc.). I am a big wing fan, and their meduim buffalo wings taste like mild garlic-parmesean wings. The hot taste like a very mild take on medium. So that's my only gripe. I wish their buffalo wings were kicked up a few notches.The service is usually pretty good, but on game days when we're with big groups, the service is pretty mediocre, and have found it faster just to order our drinks at the bar than wait for our server to come back around. A major plus for me is that it's super clean, nice decor and I get the feeling that the owners take pride in this place. Anyway, I have no reason to stop coming!
4	Right across the street from the Scottsdale plaza resort.  Would recommend eating here but don't stay across the street!Ordered the Philly cheese steak. Great taste, speed and atmosphere for lunch. I was with a group of 5. Everyone was happy with their meal.
4	Pleasantly surprised!  I am staying across the st and decided to walk over.  I got the Philly cheese steak with a side salad and Greek dressing.  The salad was fresh and the dressing was very tasty.  My Philly cheese steak is one of the best I have ever had including in Philadelphia!  The meat is tender, seasoned to perfection and bursting with flavor!  I also tried the raspberry martini, strawberry martini, and lemon drop, all delicious!  The prices are low, very friendly service, and an excellent atmosphere.  Wish I would have come sooner.
5	never been a place the food is so consistent it puts zipps or any other sports bar to shame. staff is super awesome..darren and erin are the best, so make sure instead of sitting a booth go to the bar! Ive never had one bad experience here, and why i go there 2 or 3 times a week. bye bye inconsistent zipps
4	I can't stop thinking about the french fries! I think they were batter dipped prior to frying.  The buffalo chicken sandwich was good. Good size menu with something for everyone. Large open style, good for groups. Plenty of tvs. Kinda felt more like an Applebee's than a place is go regularly to watch games. I will definitely go back for the fries.
4	Not a bad atmosphere. Wings weren't bad. Only drawback: Hours are kinda restricted at times, It's kinda bright inside, and not much vibe.
5	Everything I've eaten here is stellar. The bruschetta is one of my favorite things, but the shrimp po-boy may just be the best I've ever had! Freaking bomb onion rings, too. You could definitely say this is not your average bar food. And I like bar food.
4	Returned for a happy hour with another one and done date, but they do have some good drink specials. I got a few $4 frozen margarita's which had some decent alcohol content, probably out of a machine, but still good. Plenty of mostly greasy food specials too, but I ended up with a decent buffalo chicken wrap. It had the usual, medium sauce soaked boneless wings with lettuce, tomato and blue cheese crumbles. Maybe a unique dipping sauce would have made it special. The fries were above average quality. Not your typical loud sports bar as the crowd for NBA Finals was not big at all, so that makes it a more date kind of place, in this case, a bad date kind of place.
5	I had good food and good beer as well as good service. I will definitely be back! Great place to watch sports!
5	Great food and good service. Enjoyed my visits here. Lots of TV's to watch whatever game is going on. I will be back the next time I'm in AZ.
4	Good chicken fingers and sweet potato fries. The chicken fingers taste like they are made in-house and the fries were familiar but good. Friendly service and as long as you sit at the bar it is fast. If you sit on the patio don't expect to see your server but two times.
3	This place serves great burgers and always has cold beer. I tried the pasta but wasn't  that impressed. They have good wings, both regular and boneless. The service is hit and miss. Don't go in when it's slow at night. I noticed they like to close the door as early as possible. I have made a couple complaints in the past. I usually go to the scottsdale road location. I recently went to the location off mayo blvd next to the theatre and notice the service there was great. Prices are fair for what you receive in return. Good place to take younger kids if they are Into watching sports. They try to keep the theme more family style as their are no pool tables or video games. Plenty of seating.
4	We're regulars here. Why? The food quality is as good as sports bar food should be. Our favorites are all the buffalo chicken things. My dining partner's particular favorite is the carne asada platter. Good, honest food at affordable prices. Although I advocate for "if it ain't broke, don't fix it" mentality when it comes to many restaurant menus, it would be good to have some daily specials here.
4	The tacos carbon are fabulous!  And the onion rings are different from any other onion rings I have ever had!  Now when you order the tacos, they come 3 to a plate.  If you require more than the 3, order 1 plate and then 3 additional tacos instead of 2 separate orders (more expensive to order that way).  Just a hint to save a little bit of money if you're on a tight budget.   Plenty of TVs through out and during the week, a low key crowd...the bartender, is a friendly and affable guy from Carmel California.   Awesome place!  There's another one in North Scottsdale right outside Cine Capri theatre but this location the staff is great!
4	The ribs here are superb! Honestly, I haven't ventured off of them to the rest of the menu. We have been there LOTS and I get the ribs every time. With sides of broccoli and smashed reds, it really can't be beat! I don't know what they do to them, but I crave them often!  I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 because sometimes the food is only good, but most of the time it is great! The service also varies from good to great!
4	I came here while visiting. The beer selection is good (and good prices) and the food is reasonably priced and good. The girls behind the bar are cute which is a plus! The down sides are that if you want attention you either need to have an empty beer glass or hollar at them (this may be a mix of discomfort based on my local culture, and the fact I visited during a busy time with several games on TV). Plus , I asked if two checks were possible (beer and food), one girl have me two checks as requested and another rung me up under a single check. Minor annoyance. A good place overall for good, drinks, and games. Service could improve slightly.
4	We were there with a group of about 15.  Our group was there for about 5 hours. We all ordered in waves and the server did a great job of keeping track of us all. Refills were hard to get-in fact I don't think we got any. Beers and shots were handled just fine. Only half the group are and everyone was happy with their food.  I would go again but the high stools get so uncomfortable after a few hours. Definitely a reason we moved on
4	The food is always good and it's a great place to watch any game. They even have breakfast on Sunday's but they only serve it until 10:30am. Good drink specials all Day Sunday.
4	This place is a five star sports bar, but not worthy of the status as a five star restaurant. My reason is that unless you are a sports fan, you won't like the noise. The food is good and inline with most sports bars. The big difference is that there are delicious healthy choices. Full bar and great service is a huge plus.
4	We enjoyed outdoor seating and Thursday night football. Service was quick and the food was delicious for a sports bar.
3	We were greeted with "I don't know what time it is" I guess they are expecting a happy hour rush? Drinks were good. Shrimp app good. Burger NOT great. Dry with canned mushrooms. Really.... for a place that is supposed to have great burgers we were disappointed. The server did split it for us when we said we were sharing, points for that.
4	Great sports bar in Scottsdale. They have a nice happy hour which is always a plus...
4	We were here over the weekend. What a GREAT place to watch any and all sports action. College football Saturday, we had excellent views of 4 games of interest to us and a hockey game. Seriously, access to perhaps 6 TVs directly in front of us, and another 8+ just beyond.Food was good. I had the shrimp & applewood quesadilla. Others at our table had the burger, the blackened shrimp tacos and the buffalo chicken sandwich. The only complaint was that the "buffalo" chicken wasn't spicy like we're used to in KC.Service was great. Restaurant is clean, open and bright. We'll be back!
5	Good burgers and a good bar.   Been going here since they opened and they deserve 5 stars for the quality of food and the environment.  Also their takeout is great and always timely.
