4	I was just looking at the pictures I took when I was here last year and realized I had never gotten my review written.  I was just driving by and spotted this place and decided to try it out.  I was impressed there were mostly Latinos in there, in fact everyone but me, so I figured the food must be good.I mainly went in for seafood and the Ceviche tostada I got was excellent.  But it was a cold day so I got a bowl of Caldo de Res, which I had never had before, and it was sooo good.  Perfect!  I left satisfied and with a warm tummy. I hope it's still there when I come back so I can eat there again!September 29, 2012:  I'm back in town and returned here late this evening.  I stand by my original review and opinions.  The girl behind the counter was extremely nice, the place smelled wonderful and the food was delicious.  There was not a thing wrong with the entire experience.  I had no gastronomic problems after.  I recommend this place with no hesitation.  I got a Ceviche Tostada because I remembered how good it was last time and it didn't disappoint.  I made a last minute decision to get the huge Chile Relleno on display and it may have been the best one I've ever had in 30 years of enjoying them.  I mean, what more do we want?  Great food, clean, Mexican band blaring.  It was so good I didn't even have any leftovers.
2	Salty. Greasy. Gross. Cold. Meats are not cooked to order.. they're kept hot like a buffet.. a not very good buffet. Ordered a whole bunch of different items to share, and it all pretty much sucked. The Shrimp tacos would have been really awesome had they not had like.. 9919191829291019292919229mgs of sodium. You're better off at any of the "to's"
4	Love their tortas! They toast their bread so they're not soggy like most places. They also use a good amount of avacado and their prices are low.  They kinda of take a long time to prep the tortas tho. I only order from the drive-thru so I haven't been inside but it looks pretty clean from the outside.
1	Bland. Old. Cold.ProsNothing. It's literally taking me time trying to come up with something positive to say here. ConsA lot of food was out buffet style and it looked old and reheated.The food and salsa was bland. Why would a place like this not have made to order hot fresh food?The menu was hard to read, change the font and overall style of it.About 60% of the tables had dirty plates on them. When we left there were still dirty tables and no it wasn't busy. If the front of the house is unkept, I can't even image what their back looks like.OverallI would be willing to give them another try but I'm honestly scared of getting food poisoning. There is a lot of food out and I doubt they throw it all away every night. Also, why don't I just go to a place that serves me fresh food?
3	Not too bad for fast mexican food. I am a connoisseur of cheap fast mexican food and this place does a pretty good job. Nachos were OK but the Carne as ads quesadilla was solid.
4	Ordered the salsita  bowl with Red Chile as the choice for meat... For the price it was good portion size and the red chili was actually pretty tasty. They didn't have paper towels in the bathroom they just had napkins like the ones that you eat with. The lady at the register was very friendly though. It reminded me eating at my grandma's house after I ordered went to the bathroom and came out the friendly woman was bringing me my food in the bowl with no tray... Just like at grandma's house. Definitely going to be stopping back by over here to try out there other food items
3	I went through the drive-through and ordered a torta de milanesa de res. The service was quick and the food was pretty good. Definitely nothing special, and prices were higher than other places, with smaller portions, thus the lower rating.
