5	They do a great job.
3	I've had a hard time finding a good cleaner in Madison. Block has been around forever. The storefront is unassuming. Staff is always helpful. Prices, average. However, they do an, ok job. I'm a little disappointed because I specifically asked them to get some salt out of my husband's pants and they didn't do a very good job, however other items I've taken to them have been fine.
4	Had a men's dress shirt laundered here and they got the sweat stains out really well. Also dry cleaned a cashmere sweater and was satisfied with the quality ($2.25 to get a men's shirt laundered and $6.25 to dry clean the sweater). A button fell off my shorts and they sewed it back on (although they used a different button) for less than $2. They did the repair in about an hour. Very friendly service and quick turnaround.
4	I've been taking my dry cleaning to Block Cleaners for years. I like to patronize local businesses, and Block Cleaners is in the neighborhood. They do excellent work and have a decent turn around time. The only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of five is that sometimes parking is difficult to find.
5	We used Block Cleaners during a longer than average stay in Madison, Wisconsin, & I want to say that we were thoroughly satisfied & impressed.  I know it sounds weird to be impressed by a laundry business, but we were.  My husband had had major surgery in Madison, & Block picked up the laundry at our hotel, washed & dried & folded it, and returned it to the hotel promptly in nice, brand-new bags that were sealed & then covered in new plastic bags to make sure they stayed extra fresh, all for a very reasonable price.  We talked with Kevin at Block, and he was the nicest person, asking after my husband's recovery & wishing him well.While laundry is far from a glamorous subject, the reality is that travelers occasionally need their clothes cleaned!  Block Cleaners operates the way businesses should operate, doing what they say they'll do, pleasantly, promptly & thoroughly.  It's a model of business you probably thought didn't exist anymore, but it does, at least at Block.Kudos to nice people running a good business & caring about their customers! And many thanks to Kevin, who is at the very least a great manager and a very nice human being! (I don't know if he owns the business).
5	Consistent, professional & reasonable. They do offer pick up & drop off service. The prices are more on par with other urban areas. I've avoided Klinke like the plague! #smallbusinessesrock Thanks Block!
1	I'm going to start by saying I really miss Yee's Laundry on Park street and that I've tried to fall in Love with Block Cleaners. I really want to support them... I'm a local guy - but they have lost my order twice, which required having to go back or stand around waiting while they look for my clothing and tell me how hard it's going to be to find. They are tough on buttons and if they break a button and bother to fix it at all, it's likely the button won't even be a serviceable match.While they advertise same day service - I've never found this to be the case. I'd like to find another small dry cleaner and laundry that has an attention to detail. I'm open to suggestions
5	I was staying at a hotel for an interview the next morning. My shirt that I needed to wear got something on the collar on the plane ride. Despite it being past normal pick up hours, they made an exception and had my shirt picked up from the hotel.It was prioritized for the next morning.
