5	Had my monthly inventory at work. I ordered 21 burritos. 21 employees satisfied! Everything was awesome !
5	I'd like to say that the food was great, but...the food WAS awesome! My wife ordered the Carne Asada burrito meal for me and it was fantastic! I highly recommend taking a journey to Bonita's Burritos!
5	Bonita's is absolutely delicious!! We have been here a few times and have tried the carne asada burrito, fish tacos, breakfast burrito and the pozole. Everything is great, especially the carne asada!! Chips and salsa is delicious as well as the baja sauce. We've ordered to go and have also dined in. We'll definitely be back!!
5	We LOVE Bonita's!! Owned by the same wonderful people who own Pullano's, Bonita's is turning into our new favorite place. It's honestly getting hard to choose between Pullano's and Bonita's... but Bonita's wins for those nights we need a quick, convenient meal.First: the prices at Bonita's are phenomenal. We get a ton of food, plus a drink plus churros, and never walk out of there paying more than $25.Second: Bonita's is not Taco Bell, nor is it Filiberto's. It is SO much better. Yes, it's fast-casual (meaning you can eat it there or take it to go, it's not a sit-down-and-get-served place), but everything seems to be made fresh and is definitely made to order.There are way too many items I could recommend to you, but some of our favorites are the bean & cheese burrito, the tacos (any kind) and the CHURROS. I can't say enough about the churros - I've tried churros far and wide, in many different states, and Bonita's is seriously amazing. Let me repeat: If you don't order the cajeta churro, you are not truly experiencing Bonita's. I don't even care if you're allergic to caramel - try the cajeta churro!! If you don't like it, your tastebuds are officially dead.So good. Go. You likely won't be disappointed... and you definitely won't be disappointed if you choose that cajeta churro!
4	New place, went for A burrito and nachos. It was awesome! We have went back twice since.  Very yummy I highly recommend it.
3	well.. first time I went here.. I got burritos for me and coworkers - and they were all good .. no one complained.. I was very excited I found a good little place close to home and loved the spicy chorizo - So.. I waited all week to have another chorizo potato and egg burrito.. and I was disappointed :( - It had so many onions (which I didn't ask for) that I just gave the other half away. I picked out the onions which some were burnt and some still almost raw?! -- I'm half tempted to post a pick of how much onion i picked out of my half .. I wont give up just yet.. I will give the place another chance before I totally nix it.
5	The food is fantastic! You have got to try the Big Booty Burrito! Amazing! What a great addition to the area! The staff, the several times I have been there recently, are extremely pleasant! Oh and you have to try their pasole. Ask for a sample and you will be hooked.
