5	The Canon's Gait is a big, airy bar. It's modern, but done in a traditional style, and although that sounds a little odd, it works. There are some humorous writings around the wall, and an excellent old-fashioned map of the area. It's a good place to chill out, especially on a hot day. The service is very good, with pleasant staff. I like it.
3	I went here for a 50p Comedy show once. The show was held in the basement which was a little dark and dingy. As you can imagine a 50p comedy show wasn't exactly fantastic. The upper bar area is a lot nicer and quite spacious. The bar was a little empty which didn't compliment the large space. It was a Monday night though, so it might pick up on other nights. I probably wouldn't go out my way to come here as the staff weren't particularly great and the drinks weren't cheap, but if you are in the area then ideal for a quick drink.
3	The Canon's Gait is one of a number of pubs which takes up its position at the lower end of Canongate. With a spacious sitting area on the street level and a function room below, this pub offers meals, the occasional gig (music and comedy), and drinks which are slightly on the more expensive side of the coin! However, this pub is perfectly situated for tourists who just happen to be hungry and thirsty before their excursion to the parliament. The food on offer is of a good quality, I didn't begrudge paying the little extra for my large portion of fish and chips! The pub also provides a good selection of local ales which is always a bonus! This place is good for a wee drink and a bite to eat, and is a prime spot for tourists, but to me, this pub doesn't stand out from the rest.
4	This essentially tourist pub is located at the Canongate (hence the pun) end of the Royal Mile. Whilst it provides a fairly standard "traditional" pub feel, I think the service and atmosphere is generally pretty good (besides I don't really have a problem with tourist pubs).I first visited Canon's Gait when I went to see a Festival Fringe show in the basement function room. It's quite small but has a stage and a bar. Upstairs is the main room (and its really just one big room), where you will do most of your drinking. The bar is fine, and offers fairly predictable selections of ales and whiskies.Yes this pub isn't outstanding, and I agree with the other reviewers that it blends a bit with the other Royal Mile pubs, but I still think it does a better job than most.
3	Hmm, every time I come in here there's always a funny smell. Like dirty mops or stale beer in carpet smell. I recently got a pint of Peroni and recieved my pint in a non-descript bog standard glass. Where was my fancy schooner Peroni glass?!Downstairs is actually really good though. It's a good size for functions and some live music/comedy though, both of which I've attended. If it was just about the upstairs part I'd rather go to the White Horse which is nicer but if I was going to a set downstairs, I'd be happy with that.
4	From the outside, this pub looks touristy and nearly identical to dozens of other pubs just steps away. We wandered in on a whim after being handed a leaflet for traditional Scottish music and storytelling going on inside - and I'm really glad we chose to attend, because it was really quite lovely. There's a cozy, cavern-like basement space where they do the aforementioned singing and storytelling, as well as more music and comedy during the Fringe. Another night, they were the only pub in the area to accommodate our fairly large student group, and we got to listen to (and participate in) an open mic night with a kindly man singing ballads. Canons Gait definitely has a quieter, mellower atmosphere than most pubs in the area, so if you're looking for a low-key evening (and a ballad or two) come on by.
4	Best service and menu in Edinburgh. If you're in the city, don't miss this place. Compliments to the chef and staff - regardless of where you stay, if you find yourself on the Royal Mile (and who doesn't?), make your way down to The Canon's Gait for a great lunch or dinner.
4	I went there for an afternoon pint with a mate and was pleasantly surprised to see A RECORD PLAYER.Yes a good old 33rpm record player that anyone can use and play music on. They have a decent selection of 70s/80s music, but you can also bring your own records, or come into have a play with your newly purchased vinyls from the nearby "Unknown Pleasures".Fancy. The bar has a good selection of ales and the staff are friendly, too.
4	My first meal in Edinburgh, and you set the bar fairly high.  We had gotten in fairly late, so we traveled into Edinburgh just to walk around and get food.  This was one of the food places we looked at, and agreed that there was definitely items on the menu worth eating.I had the Venison Casserole, along with a Scottish ale (No.3 I think ... it was part of the UK beer festival occurring at so many bars during this trip).  It was tender, and it wasn't gamey at all.  My friend had the Scottish Salmon Taglietelle, which I tried and was quite impressed by, as Salmon is not one of favorite fishes, unless smoked or as sushi.Wish I had known about the Record player there ... love Vinyl, and would've played one of the records.I would go back again if I'm here.  Good food and good staff will always bring people back.
2	For a while i was a regular here rehearsing with a group, and had plenty of time to sampe the food and the bar, and it's always left me feeling a bit deflated. The food is ok but over priced for the portions you get. The prices aren't too bad considering you're on the royal mile but there's nothing behind that bar that ever makes me go ooooh. If i were a fairer man i'd probably 3 star this place but something about it i can't quite put my finger on always disappoints me.
3	A very quiet little pub on the Royal Mile that seems to revolve around locals and beer lovers during the Fringe season.Me and my fiancee went in here for a pint (for me, wine for the lady) before dinner. The first thing that dragged me in was all the signs in the foyer for Stewarts Brewery which in my head meant only one thing. 80 shilling.Stewarts Brewery was well advertised in the main foyer which got me excited but after going in to the bar I quickly realised that there was no Stewarts beer on offer. I was reassured that during the Fringe there is loads of it. I'm still not quite sure what I was supposed to make of that at the start of March but I took the information however.There were a couple of gents playing an acoustic set at the back of the bar which was very nice. We later (after dinner and going back for a second drink) got speaking to one of the musicians and he was a gent.After sitting down with our drinks I realised how quiet the main bar was for a Saturday, even more so for a Saturday that had Scotland rugby game live on telly. Maybe it is a little out the way for people to get to.Overall a cracking little pub if you want a couple of quiet drinks and a chat with friends or a read of the papers. Wouldn't recommend it for an entire night out, unless it's during the festival.Loses a few stars due to the advertising of Stewarts beer even though there wasn't a drop to be found but that could be me being picky.
