4	Bowling is one of those things that  is fun for me when I haven't done it in a really long time! When I do get that yearly bowling itch Via Linda is a fun place to go. My friends and I obvoiusly prefer Cosmic Bowling to the regular not as fun kind. It's always better to call ahead and make a reservation if you want to go cosmic bowling, or even regular bowling. Nice Lanes and a fun way to spend some competive time with your buddies! Why Cosmic Bowling Rocks:MusicDisco lightsLate at night
4	It had been awhile since I plied the lanes, but what the heck, I'm glad we did. What a fun place to hang out on a Friday/Saturday night. You'll need to wait till after 10pm (league fills the place till then), and preferably have a reservation. The lounge was nice, drinks well done (though a little skimpy on liquor) and the munchies decent for a bowling alley.The "cosmic" bowling was a blast with several of us drinking a little too much. I managed to win a few games, which certainly impacted my rating. The place is freaking BUSY! as most popular hangouts are... though with a surprisingly young hip crowd.Let the good times roll... (sorry)*You can get a regular and substantial discount emailed to you if you register on their website.
5	Have been coming here to bowl since I was in middle school.  Staff is very helpful and nice.  Im far from the best bowler and this environment allows for me to still have fun with my family and friends. I just got off the phone with a staff member Deana, and she was sooooooo helpful and nice. I asked her a question about Sunday bowling, she told me all about how to get coupons for Sunday as well as a family package. I feel like they really want to take care of you here...I wouldnt want to bowl anywhere else but here. Great prices, cold beer, clean shoes and great fun.
4	I go here for my company bowling league. They have decent lanes and a good amount of lane balls that actually fit my hand! The food is ok, it's bowling alley food. The bar has typical bowling alley beer selection but always friendly staff.
4	Fun place! We've mostly just been here for our league's cosmic bowling nights. It's a fun place to socialize and have fun with your friends. The prices are good too!
4	I discovered a hidden gem in Scottsdale and am pinching myself for not finding it sooner. For some reason, I also used to go south when I wanted to go bowling, but I now realize I should have gone north instead! After a day of spring training, we decided to make a stop by Brunswich Via Linda lanes for a couple hours of bowling fun and fun it was!I don't know what it is, but bowling alleys always strike me as shady but right off the bat, I was completely impressed with how "non-shady" this bowling alley was. I could tell that this is a family-fun spot and one that is frequented often by locals. The bowling alley itself has several lanes, a fully loaded arcade room, a bar, food and even a "gift shop" with bowling essentials! Sadly we didn't have any socks, but luckily for us, they had a vending machine that also sold socks. Yes they were a little overpriced at $2.50 but that's what we get for forgetting our own socks at home! The venue itself was clean and I didn't feel icky using the community shoes and bowling balls. In addition, they have hand santizer so I was able to get a swift cleaning to my hands after turn of bowling and before digging into the tasty popcorn. Now let's move on to the reason people come here: the bowling. It ended up being cheaper to purchase two hours of unlimited bowling so we went for that. While I won't be joining a pro bowling league anytime soon, it was a lot of fun and the bowling game went along seamlessly and without any issues! However, since we went for the two hours of unlimited bowling, it shut off right at two hours which didn't let us finish our game, so if you go that route remember to keep an eye on the clock! I have definitely found my new neighborhood bowling alley and can't wait to come back again. I might even join a bowling league. Any takers?
5	Haha I have been coming here for 10+years... It has never changed, and thats a good thing,
4	I had bought the Groupon for 2 games plus shoe rental earlier last week & decided to use them towards cosmic bowling Saturday night (it stated on the Groupon that you could do so). I called Thursday to verify that all of us (4 ppl total) could each use a Groupon & the employee I spoke to said yes, I also reserved a lane just in case they were busy that night.We got there around 9:30pm & thank goodness we reserved a lane because it was packed. I presented my Groupons & was told we couldn't use them towards cosmic bowling, WTF?! The manager came over & explained that they cannot use the Groupon coupon code with cosmic prices, I was pretty annoyed so he gave us a coupon for buy 1 get 1 free games. We bought 2 extra games & then headed over to our lane. They had pretty good music playing & cool lighting. Idk if we just took our sweet ass time but we only got to play 3 of the 4 games. We had a lot of fun though! One thing that did kind of suck was that they closed at midnight, I am used to playing till 1am or later when we do cosmic. I almost forgot to mention the food/drinks. The soft pretzels with cheese were actually really good, as were the fries. The chicken fingers & grilled cheese were not as good, way too greasy. But it's bowling food so whatev! The pitchers of beer were $2 off so we got 2 for a lil under $15. All in all it was a good time so we'd definitely return!
2	Notice how I gave this place 2 stars....It's because their service is pretty much Number 2! They would not put up gutter guards for my sisters, who are not too good at bowling. They have some cranky guy running the only counter and seriously the only upside to this place is the Cosmic Bowling.
3	This has generally been the only place I go bowling as it's the closest alley to myHouse.  The bowling itself is great, it's a great facility.  The pricing is great as well.  Ten bucks for unlimited games until midnight on Sunday's, can't beat that.  The food is good as well, really hard to complain since its bowling alley food.  And their drinks are priced fine as well.  My only complaint is with the customer service.  The past several times I have come to This location, the staff at the front desk has just been downright rude.  From their very unfriendly greetings to their handling of requests, they seem to act as though they hate you no matter what.  God forbid you ask to split your group of six onto two lanes, regardless of how busy it is, you are rudely told that can't happen.  During my last trip there my group asked if we could use the empty lane next to us since we felt crammed on one lane.  The response from the guy behind the counter was "well we could fit ten people on one lane of we wanted to, this is just the way it is".  After pleading with him further he reluctantly agreed but made sure to tell us how much it inconvenienced him to have to place the next party one lane farther down, despite the place being half empty.  That is just one example of the typical rudeness I've encountered.Outside of that it is a good location.
2	We have been going here for several years and every time the only thing consistent is the rude staff behind the front desk.My grandson was visiting from Cali for spring break and wanted to go bowling yesterday.  I am on their email list and had received a coupon for two hours of bowling with shoes, food, etc for $7.99.  I asked for the special rate and was very rudely told that it doesn't apply during spring break and that lanes were $3+ and shoes were $4.50.  When I asked about who has spring break now he rudely replied Paradise Valley schools.  Really????  This was Scottsdale, wtf?So I paid over $30 for three of us to bowl.  When I asked for two lanes (one w/ bumper for grandson) he acted really put out.We had a good time, but both my daughter and myself have our own shoes and I felt ripped off and hate rude workers, so I was mad.Then afterwords we went to the game part of the place and almost every game was broken or did not give out tickets.  My grandson wanted to play ski ball he loves and they were broken too.  Of course the desk people could care less.We will not be going back here again. Too many times they have treated us like crap and I would much rather take my money somewhere else where I am appreciated and provides even some sort of customer service.
5	Great place to bowl!  I highly recommend it.
4	Very well oiled lanes.  Great specials. Very clean.Drinkers Beware!!! Worlds slowest bar staff, I cant even call them bartenders. They are just people that are getting your beer. So so so so sad, its hard for me to leave a tip.
4	Bowling? Sure why not. For about $40, the two of us had unlimited bowling plus shoes on a Saturday night. Not too shabby! This joint is clean, up to date and well run. Which is huge! Considering how most bowling places are falling apart and operated by swamp people that collectively have 17 teeth.You've got your fun colored lights, trendy music mixed with oldies, lots of operating TVs playing music videos, game room, food and beer. The patrons were a happy mix of young, old, families and pros. My only complaint is the ball selection. They're color coded to make it easy to find the weight you're looking for, but the finger holes are pretty much the same size within each weight. Meaning you have to have tiny little girl fingers to use the lighter weights or massive bear hands to use the heavier ones. I kinda fall in the middle and had a hard time finding a ball that I liked. Uh... That's what she said?I would definitely return!
3	I'm liking it - for a bowling ally. Its not as swanky as the Brunswick in Gilbert however it's clean, doesn't smell funny and has daily bowling specials.  It's not a shady place which is comforting. Service is slow fyi.
5	I am not much for bowling, but my husband loves it.  This place is real clean and service for the most part is great.  The front counter guy can't seem to multitask very well, but a lot of the patrons in line were kinda rude and couldn't wait their turn.  They were very helpful to assist when they noticed we had a 4 year old with us... offered a smaller ball and asked if wanted bumpers and a ramp.  I was asked to join the bonus zone, so glad I did... got massive coupons and offers right away.  My kid loves the mini corn dogs and the arcade (that was his review).  Great family place!!
5	I may have found a new hobby.I'm not a great bowler, nor strive to be pro anytime soon... however with a decent price on this activity, how can you say no?  The lanes are rarely dry, customer service is great, the people who come here are usually families or young guns just having fun.  League nights look great and competitive, even got some tips from regulars who bowl there.  And if you aren't a bowler, you can enjoy being at the bar or mini arcade they have going.  The atmosphere is very welcoming and friendly.I recommend this place for a group outing or simply just having something fun to do.
4	I haven't bowled in years.  So when a group of friends put together an outing here, I had to come.  We bowled on a Saturday afternoon around 1 pm and the place was wide open.  They had the black lights, neon, loud music, and lasers going on...kind of weird to have cosmic bowling in the middle of the day....whatever, it was cool.We paid $20 for 2 of us to play 2 games each....$5 per game.  Price comes with the shoes.  The selection of bowling balls is kind of limited.  It took us a little while to find a ball for us to use.  Bowling was fun though...very laid back and everyone had a good time.The food options here are ok....Hot Dogs, Pizza, Fries....typical bowling alley food.  On the plus side...they serve Nathan's Hot Dogs...so at least they're quality.  The Pizza is plain though...below average.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/brunswick-via-linda-lanes-scottsdale?select=W8kuwKmK0s-yqa3Z_yWD0w#W8kuwKmK0s-yqa3Z_yWD0wSome other notes - They also have a pool table in another room.  There are lockers available to store your stuff.  If you want to drink alcoholic beverages, they have a small lounge/bar...will have to check that out next time.Overall, it was a very good time.  Since it's in the neighborhood, we'll definitely be back.Return Factor - 90%
4	The staff at this bowling alley is really helpful. The place is clean, including the bathrooms. I'm not a bowling aficionado, so I can't say if it's up to pro standards, but it was perfect for our work party on a Saturday afternoon. They have Kiltlifter and Hop Shock IPA on tap! They also served pizza, salad, wings and some other munchies. I didn't try the food but it looked pretty good and seemed to be enjoyed by my coworkers. Another big plus is that the rental shoes and balls were not all skanky looking! You know what I mean :).
5	This is a Clean, friendly place with reasonable prices. Great fun for the family. Can't wait to go back and do Saturday night cosmic bowling!
3	I've been bowling here quite a few times cosmic and regular and it's always been a good time. The staff has always been friendly and the bar is responsibly priced. The facility is a little bit aged but it is no way run downed. I have never eaten the food so I can't comment there. It also can get pretty pricey on Friday and Saturday nights.
4	Who would have known that this is the place to be on a Wednesday afternoon?! A friend and I went here as we both were off school/work and couldn't believe how mobbed it was! About 30 of the 40 or so lanes were taken. Anyway, this is your everyday typical bowling alley. It's not one of the XL bowling allies that has waiter service, a full arcade, etc. It doesn't need to be either...after all if I wanted an arcade I'd go to Dave and Busters...and I'm perfectly able to visit the concession stand on my own. $10.86 got us 1 hour of bowling (about 4 games) plus shoes. Not a bad price at all! The staff was very friendly and personable. The place could use a little face-lift as far as decor goes, but it's not bad. Definitely a fun place to go!
4	We checked out this location because we were looking for something to do in the North Scottsdale area and had not taken advantage of this great deal with our Pogo passes. With the pass, we get to bowl a total of 2 free games per month, which is what we did. We went on a Monday afternoon, and although there were several people there it wasn't crowded. There were a large number of lanes, and the place was really well kept. There was a food service area where you could get food & drink, as well as a gaming area with arcade games. The staff was friendly and helpful, and we really enjoyed our time there. Will definitely be back.
4	I haven't bowled for many, many, years! When I first bowled at Brunswick Via Linda I had more hair, a smaller waist, everyone smoked, the lanes were real wood and the balls were all black! (This was somewhere between the invention of cell phones and Facebook - a little hint, it was closer to the invention of cell phones!). My sons asked my wife and I to go bowling with them a few weeks ago! Walked in the door and could actually see the pins, no smoke hanging in the air, the balls were actually different colors (which was cool) but I noticed a lot of "gangs" had taken over the bowling alley!! There were gangs of 7 and 8 years olds with their friends, there were gangs of kids with their parents, there were old gangs of people throwing orange and green balls down the lane and they were all having a ball!  Guess what? We had such a great time that we have put our own "gang" together and will be bowling in a fun league starting in June! If you want to come and say HI ..... look for the "Munsons" (our team name!).
5	Super clean lanes, incredibly friendly staff. The place needs a little more grime because it is so nice it is missing that stale bowling alley smell. Gets crowded for cosmic bowl. The league's are a great value. Beer is a little expensive for a bowling alley but still not terrible. It's a really nice spot
5	Great service here....the crew does a great job!
4	I haven't bowled in years but always loved to. Since the last time I was in a league, one thing has changed to make the experience far better: No more smoking in bowling alleys. It is amazing how much more enjoyable it was without the smell of smoke.Now for this location. Everyone here was friendly. The place was spotless. The computer system offered suggestions on making splits (yeah... I'm totally going to hit that 7-10 by doing that) and it was just a fun environment. It felt lively and upbeat but our group could all still talk comfortably.The food was the best I've had at a bowling alley. I used to be in leagues all the time as a kid, teenager, and even 1 or 2 after moving out here. So I've had my share of alley food. And this was the best. The only thing I missed was fried mushrooms. We always got those on one of my teams when I was young. So I always associate bowling with friend mushrooms. But no, dice here.Decent number of taps and fair prices on drinks. Contrary to popular belief, a couple large Kilt Lifters did not improve my score later games.Best location I've been to in the valley and I'd consider going back again with a group (even if it is a bit of a drive).
5	Hands down, the best bowling alley in the Scottsdale area! I used to live in close proximity to Brunswick Via Linda, but now, even though I'm about a 30 minute drive away (and shamefully, kind of a downtown Phoenix city snob) I'm still willing to make the trip! That's saying alot if you know me. Lane conditions are great! Food and drink selection is great (make sure to order the soft pretzels with cheese)! Clientele is never sketchy/weird/off/waiting for you to bowl so they can run away with your belongings type people. It doesn't feel like drug deals are being made in and around the property. Deals and prices are amazing! And the staff...OMG they are SO HELPFUL! At most bowling alleys I feel like most of the staff hates their lives, but that's not the case here. Everyone is excited about bowling, the music they're playing and the deals they're offering. Scott is the man you want to talk to, but if he's not around or busy, everyone is just as excited, helpful and willing to steer you in the right direction! I go here quite often so this is definitely not a one experience Yelp. This place never fails!
5	Great service and great times!! Nothing like beer and bowling. I will return and look forward to the live DJ.
2	I just plopped down over $60 to take 3 kids under 10 bowling for 90 minutes - without food or drink.  With 3 kids that age - we barely got in 2 games.  We had a nice bowling alley by my last house  - for that price, we would have gotten lunch along with the bowling.   It looks like the only specials they have are later in the evening, which is not conducive to taking the kids.  Too bad - at that price, I won't be taking the kids there often.
4	We were a group of eight. Celebrating an adult birthday with cosmic bowling. Great idea! The shoes weren't icky. Bring your own socks!  The staff was helpful and we all had a good time. The one complaint, it would be nice if they offered healthier food choices. I'm not a picky eater but there was literally nothing I would eat.
