4	I had been putting off getting my hair done after my last experience at a salon but it got to a point where it was necessary.  I called and made an appointment for a cut and color.  The girl who answered the phone was friendly so it gave me hope that this time would be a better experience.I had never been to San Tan Village before so it took me a little while to find the salon but after a while I finally spotted it.  I was greeted when I walked in and found out at the girl at the counter was my stylist, Bethenny.  She walked around the counter and shook my hand which was a nice gesture that I hadn't had at other salons prior to this.The color was the easy part of this process as I had the "formula" for it from my old stylist so I wasn't worried about that at all.  I was however nervous about the cut.  I'm trying to grow my hair out but my ends were pretty dry and I wanted to change it up a little.  I think most women out there can sympathize with how nerve racking it is to go to a new stylist, tell them you only want "a trim" and hope that their version is the as yours and it doesn't take your shoulder length hair to the bottom of your ears.I was pleasantly surprised with the results once everything was finished, the color looked great, even throughout and very shiny.  I must have had some good karma saved up too because the cut turned out great!  She really did just trim it and put in some fun layers to freshen it up.  I will definately be returning in the future!
4	If you are looking for the Aveda experience, well, here it is, right here in Gilbert! I must start by saying I am VERY serious about my hair! As we all are.. so, that being said... I spent some time on an assignment up in Portland OR., while there, I found a GREAT Aveda salon, right next door to my apartment... I LOVED it, and upon my return, was looking for a change, as I had decided that I needed to find a salon closer to my home. I have a toddler at home, and needed to be able to get in and out fairly quick.  SO my husband suggested I find an Aveda salon since I SO enjoyed the one in OR. I was pleased, upon my search to find Satya... at San Tan Mall, 5 miles from my home in S.E. gilbert! YAY! I will start with it is NOT a full serve Day Spa that I was hoping for... however, I was VERY pleased with the service they DO have... they have a store front in front of the salon, for all the products, and the full makeup line! I LOVE the Lip Gloss! I made an appointment, and chose Sabrina, she is SO nice and really listened to my concerns about my hair, she took it all in, and I walked away the first time breathing a HUGE sigh of relief! She did EXACTLY as I asked! I then decided I could let her do my color, and she again, listened to what I wanted, offered an opinion, and in the end, I walked away PLEASED, and feeling beautiful! I always get a hand massage, and a touch up makeup treatment at the end! I leave Satya SO happy EVERY TIME! I am relaxed and I feel like a new woman! The Salon is not HUGE, and it is not "Fancy", but it is welcoming.If you are looking for something new, give Satya a try! My only wish is that they had FULL SPA service, I do miss my Aveda pedicures and manicures!
2	Based on  the other reviews for this place, I am bummed I didn't have the same experience. It started out well enough; the gentleman at the counter when I arrived was super nice and informative. If I were to ever return to this salon I would find out who he is and try to make an appt with him. Unfortunately, my appointment that day was not with him. I was the only one in the salon and when he went to notify my stylist I was there, I sent a text to a friend who also recommended the place to see if I should be concerned that the place was empty. She replied no and that the day I was there they only had one stylist that works.  I should have trusted my gut. My appt was right after lunch. Maybe the stylist was napping when I arrived, or just in a bad mood, but my experience went downhill from there.  I enjoy a little conversation with the person I trust to cut my hair, but the conversation was like pulling teeth. It was super quiet in the salon and even the stylist and the super friendly guy from the front desk didn't speak to each other. She massaged my hands while conditioner was in my hair, which would have been nice, but she just seemed tortured to be doing it making it just uncomfortable.  She barely trimmed my hair, to where it doesn't look like it was cut at all. I guess it's a better alternative than butchering my hair to where I'd have to wear it pulled back for months until it grows out, but I feel like I wasted my time and money to look the same as I did when I went in. Worse still, when she blew dry my hair it came out a frizzy mess, she attempted to say she was adding something to make my hair shiny but I suspect she was trying to hide the frizz. Whatever the reason, it was overkill with whatever she used. It made my hair a grease pit. It wasn't quite the look I was going for when I went in for a salon day. I wanted to run errands when I left but the feeling of my greasy hair sticking to my forehead and neck was way too icky to deal with when I feel like the best my hair should look is when I leave a salon.  I think the worst part is I feel overcharged. After the hair cut, grease pit session, she told me to follow her to the makeup area so she could touch up my makeup. I'd had enough of making her work, and feeling uncomfortable, so I declined. Based on reading the other reviews, this was part of the service experience. When I went to pay, she charged me $40. I see on their website that prices start at $35. I know it's just a $5 difference, but I wonder what about barely (not noticeably) trimming my hair, and declining the makeup portion of service, when no one was waiting after the appointment, or apparently had an appointment before me, made my experience worth charging $40. I would have given this place only one star, but the pride the guy at the counter seemed to  have in the place, and having my hair undercut instead of overly butcher cut, earned the 2nd star.
5	I am new to Arizona and was looking for a salon. My niece told me about Satya, mainly because it was an Aveda Salon and I love Aveda. I was able to make an appt with Carlo pretty quickly, which I love because I can't always make an appt very far in advance because of my job.I was greated with a smile when I came in for my appt. I had an appt with Carlo, one of the owners of the salon. I was so impressed with not only his knowledge of curly hair but also his total service. I was given a scalp massage and a wonderful shampoo then on to a great haircut. I have extremely curly hair and I hesitate to get it cut with anyone I don't know. I was very impressed with is technique and confidence. He even taught me a technique on styling that I had never tried. I will definitely go back and would recommend this salon to anyone who wants professional, experienced stylists. Thank you, Carlo!
1	I am gonna do a new review bc my initial one was removed bc yelp said my complaint was an "employment issue". I will start out by saying I was not an employee. I am in the healthcare field. I would say I have to give Satya a thumbs down. My reasons:1 Poor Customer Service2 Inconsistence with stylists. They seem to have a high turnover and I like to use the same girl each visit and in my case, I had different stylists at each visit. I tried contacting management via email and phone on several occasions with no resolution. Maybe you will have better luck but this is not your typical Aveda experience.
1	Sorry to say, when I went to this Salon for a color a few months ago, I was kept waiting, not greeted and in the end,  the color was not what I asked for. There is an over all  attitude of conciet and the quality of service absolutely did not warrant it. Nice touches  such as a hand massge at the shampoo bowl etc is not enough to compensate me for the expensive service ( I was quoted over the phone a lower price , when I presented for my appointment the price went up)Snobby attitudes with lack luster skills.It's a "must miss"
1	So...I was very excited when they were at San Tan Mall, but they moved to Chandler. Not a bad drive, but I needed to get some Dry Remedy shampoo and conditioner, so I drove over there on a Thursday at 11am. The door was locked and no one was there. The lady across the hall said "he" wasn't in yet, even though the sign says 10-430 on Thursdays.  I went to lunch with friends and stopped by again at 1230. Still no one was there. I called them and the message said again, Thursday from 10-430 pm. I thought it was very unprofessional to to not have a sign that said he wasn't going to be in today, or that he'll be back later. So I went to Chandler Mall and spent $97 on the products I needed.Needless to say, I will probably not be back.
5	I've been seeing Carlo for over a year now and i couldn't be happier.  I don't get a complicated cut or style but Carlo still manages to make me look like a star!  I look forward to my monthly cut with Carlo not only because he keeps me looking my best but he is a hoot.  Sweet, cute and professional... Calro does it all.
