1	I decided to give them a try as they seem to be a new company.  I should have saved my money and called someone else.  Lots was missed including a spill on the counter, counters not even wiped down, and no attention to detail.Will not use them again and not recommend them to anyone
4	Been using the same cleaning lady that the rest of my family has been using for years. Decided to try this service given the great deal of having landscaping included for free with the cleaning service. First time around was not that great, I was disappointed in the service provided by the cleaning ladies and they took off with some of my cleaning products (not on purpose). Anyway I could have gone back to my old cleaning lady but she had her own issues (eg never cleaned behind stuff) but decided to give these guys another shot. New set of cleaning ladies showed up and I could not be happier. For 105 USD I get: -  two cleaning ladies that scub my 3550 Sq Ft house from top to bottom - nothing is missed and everything is spic and span- landscapers that pull all weeds, trim bushes and willing to do anything else I ask them (eg plant some new bushes for me). I would recommend this service to anybody living in NV Trails or Coronado Ranch. I only removed one star from this review because of the rocky first experience.
1	I got a flyer and was attracted by their great price . Wow, including backyard.The maids who came were courteous  but they ran out of time and said they needed to go to another job. They were not able to do the living room, office, family room, dining room & basement. In fact all of the downstairs except the kitchen. Of course they didn't do the yard either w / c was part of the agreement. I thought since this was the first time , I'm willing to try again.But I called Veronica, supposed to be the supervisor or scheduler to tell her to give more time next time. I called a few times and she never retuned my calls. Then one month after, she calls , oblivious of my other calls, saying that I was scheduled for another cleaning that week. No acknowledgement if my calls. I started complaining about my previous experience and said I was willing to try them again but while I was talking, she hanged up . I called back, no answer anymore .I guess she couldn't understand me or she didn't care.Lesson learned, you get what you pay for.Will not recommend these people for sure .
1	I have never written a review before, but this maid service prompted me to write my first one. Let me tell you my experience.First visit, exciting right? My first maid service. An hour after the scheduled time, I called the office because no one had shown up. They supposedly called them on their cell and then called me back to let me know they were running late. They finally show up and did an ok job. Nothing to complain about really. But they had someone drive them to my house and he sat outside in his car in front of my house for the whole appt. Kind of weird.Second month, I speak to someone the Saturday before to confirm my appointment. Appointment time comes (3pm) and no one shows up. I called the office at 3:50 and he says I'm not on the schedule and the maids are all done for the day. So I rescheduled for the week after. The next day, I get an email from them saying they ran my credit card! Luckily, I had just received a new one due to the Target breach so it was declined. I called the office and they had no explanation as to why my appointment was missed or why I was charged for no service. They asked me to give them a new credit card number to keep on file and I refused and said I will pay cash from now on. At the rescheduled appt, different girls came than the first time and I was actually very happy with them. They did a much better job than the first two girls.Third month. I decided to give them another chance because they're so cheap and I just don't have the time to clean my three story house regularly. The same girls from the last appt came and it was great.Now I'm on month 4. They called to schedule my appt the Saturday before and I told them I would have to push it to the next week because I was having eye surgery. Last Saturday came, no phone call to schedule. I honestly forgot about it and didn't have a chance to call them. Today is the next Saturday, guess what? Still no call. I called and of course no one answered the phone but I left a message asking for a manager to call me.  I'm extremely fed up with this service any need to make it right or I'm moving on. You obviously get what you pay for with this service.
