5	A couple of weeks ago i decided that i wanted to try another barber, not because the previous one sucked, but because the fades that he was starting to give me were too high. After a bit of researched, i stumbled on Twins Barber shop. I checked out their little site and saw that Radi, claimed to be one of the best at fades. I figured that i would go and see if he was able to back up those claims.Did He? Yes, walking into a new barber shop can be intimidating but he made me feel comfortable. Atmosphere is friendly and the ladies that work with him are all beautiful. Radi is an amazing barber, every time i have gotten a hair cut, i have not been let down. He takes his time with you and ensure that you are happy before leaving.  I would recommend checking this place out.
5	I have been going to see Radi and Eddie ( the twins ) for over 12 years now. I go about every two weeks on average. I would not go anywhere else. They treat everyone very well and deliver a top notch haircut every time. I think I'll go again this afternoon.
5	If your looking for a good cut this is the place.  I moved here from NJ over a year ago and have been bouncing from barber to barber.  Some to expensive (V's) and some you get a decent cut (not great) but too far and others just blah!  Radi to the rescue.  Not only is he friendly he gives a great cut and is fast!  On top of it they have the air sprayer that clears the hair clippings off your head and neck so your not itching the rest of the day!The second time I went back to Radi he remembered my name with out even thinking and even exactly how I wanted my cut!  Thats what you are looking for when seeking out your barber.  I cant recommend him enough!I have made three visits to Radi now and had to only wait a long time for just one and I dont mind the wait to get into Radi's chair.  That being said if I needed a cut and upon arriving the place was extremely crowded and I just didnt have the time to wait I would have no problem getting a cut from any of the ladies working in the shop.  I have seen the cuts they deliver and everyone looked good.  Twins if official!  If i could give them 6 Stars I would!
5	THE BEST $12 haircut in town!  Twins is owned by two twin brothers from Russia.  Their wives, siblings, in-laws, etc. staff both locations.  I've never met anyone like these folks when it comes to valuing their customers and taking pride in what they do.I've been getting my haircut here now for over 10 years and I will never go anywhere else.  I see Lilia about once a week for the "boys regular".  She gives a great haircut and an even better shave.If you are looking for a local barber shop that's going to take care of you and know your name when you walk in the door, this is the place for you!
5	After living in Flagstaff for over 10 years I have given up all hope of finding a barber/stylist that can give a decent fade, or any decent haircut for that matter.  But, luckily my fiance has family in Phoenix so I now have a reason to go there often enough to scout for god barbers. Luckily, I had to only go to one place...and that place is Twin's.  To be honest, Regina did such a fantastic job that I would have no problem going to PHX once a month even if that was the only reason. The place is decked out really nice and I had fun talking with the employees.  Regina and the other crew are the only people that touch my hair form now on. I can't wait to go back.
5	I am very picky when it comes to haircuts and Twins Barber Shop does a fantastic job.  I will never go to a Great Clips or BoRics, I like the old school barber shops and that exactly what this place is.  They are even cheaper than some of those chain haircut places.  Here is the breakdown on this place.  Product - I get my haircut high and tight and this place does the best job at it.  They must use 5 different clippers and guards on my head and the fade is perfect.  They also shave your neck and side burn areas with a straight razor.  I haven't had that done since I was in the Air Force.  Service - The staff is outstanding!  Radi, Lilia, Regina, Estella, and Jill are all very nice.  I usually have Lilia cut my hair but they all do a fantastic job.  The place can get pretty busy at times because it is a very popular place.  Each of the staff has their own regulars and I think you will understand why after you get your haircut from here.   Atmosphere - The barber shop has a sports theme and it was recently remodeled.  They added a bunch of new flat panel televisions and they usually have sporting events on the tv's.  The place is kept very clean as well.  Overall Feeling - The best barber shop in town and I have been going there for 4-5 years now.  If you are one of those guys that is picky about your haircuts and you want to have the perfect fade, this is the place for you.
5	Love this Barber shop!  My husband and two boys have been going there for many years.  Great place, Great people, great price!!  It doesn't get any better.
5	My Husband Always get a great cut here no matter who he uses at the Twins Barber Shop but he does not use review like I do.. but since I love the way he looks when he leaves "So Sharp"  I wanted to share our experience with yelp. There are Hair Salons and Barber Shops everywhere we have many options where to go  . About the place they have 5 barbers there, you just walk in no appt within 10-15m one of the barber gets down to business. Clean modern comfortable the way you would expect to see in a barber shop but the best in Moon Valley Area. Pretty much the men of Moon valley go there. I wanted to mention my husband started growing a beard. I'm very happy when my got his new beard tamed a little (it was looking good, but shaggy!!!) The barber here did a FANTASTIC job. The prices are lower than what expected, I make sure he tips his barber well. Maria DeNicola P.S. This is a family owned business  twin brothers their wives, siblings, in-laws, etc. staff both locations.. I try to shop local.
5	I originally wrote the last review November of 2010 and my opinion is still the same. Radi is the best! I still continue to receive excellent haircuts and service. My wife also enjoys getting her eyebrows threaded. I still strongly recommend Twins!
5	Went there for the first time just moved here from Vegas n was looking for a barber shop my bro in law told me about this spot that he goes to. The place was very nice n professional. I had a lady named Estella do my hair. I told her I would like a Fade she did a really good job. Unfortunately she is prego so she will be gone for a couple of months so I will check out one of the other barbers there to see how they do. I would recommend going there.
5	I have been going to twins for years now. Radi  and Regina are great there and always do a good job. If your looking for a great shop check them out.
