5	The Wynn Esplanade has some of the most luxurious brand name stores and one of them is the lovely Shoe In boutique. This store carries a wonderful selection of Christian Louboutins. I want me a (few) pair(s) of Christian Louboutins.
5	Fabulous store full of high-end designer shoes ... Oh my oh my oh my!  She nervously checks her bag for her credit card... SCORE it's here!  Chaaaaaaaa-ching!Nadine is AWESOME!  Super friendly sales associate - you feel like you're chatting it up with a girlfriend...  Well, a girlfriend that I hand over my credit card for yet another $700 Christian Louboutin shoe purchase ... So, she'd be a REAL GOOD girlfriend!  ;)To my surprise and utter JOY we arrived at Shoe In for one of their semi-annual sales...  Woop woop!  She shouts with glee and jumps up & down like a little girl setting foot onto the mecca known as Disneyland...  Note to self: End of June / beginning of July sales in Las Vegas ...
5	I always thought I was not like every other girl and adored shoes more than anything else. I was wrongI took a walk with my sweetie down the corridor of Wynn very late last night for some window shopping while we were killing time.I was just like a kid looking through the store of a puppy shop, wanting so badly to adopt the little shoes that so desperately needed its partner and a good pedicure and a loving home that would keep them in the box until they were needed.Yes I just compared shoes to animals. I have the fever.Blahnik, Louboutin, Choo, Chloe, all the good stuff that a girl needs. Boys, drop your girlfriend off here, give her a couple hundred, and you will be safe to play poker for as long as your little heart desires....
5	When I was informed by some female colleagues that there exists a place called "Shoe In" in the city of "all-in," I knew I had to make certain that i visit this shoe sanctuary during my stay in Vegas.After a long day of business meetings and seminars at the Venetian (just down the Strip from the Wynn), despite the lack of physical/mental energy,  with the help of shoe-crazed colleagues, I made my way over to Shoe In at the ultra-luxurious Wynn hotel.HOLY COWBELLS.  Or should I say.... HOLY STILETTOS!  This place is quite incredible.  Truly exquisite shoes calling out my name in all directions.  I normally don't wear high heels, but I was inspired by the store to try some on.  A gorgeous pair of Christian Louboutin stilettos had me - quite literally - head over heels and smitten.  I had to refrain myself from whipping out that dangerous plastic card, but one of my friends couldn't help herself and committed her next few weeks to ramen noodles and tap water.  In summary, this store got me THIS close to changing my existing profile quote.  Don't worry Yelpland, I still prefer food over shoes...
5	All shoes are beautiful. I must have spent 2-3 hours here trying different styles, and the sales associate Carolyn was super friendly and gave a lot of good opinions. In seasonal sales, you'll find a fair selection of most high-end brands 50% off including Louboutin. Isn't it nice?
