4	Excellent beer store in Montreal. Great selection, though prices were higher than other shops I stopped in. They only take Canadian debit and cash -- be prepared if you are a silly American like me.  I picked out quite a haul to bring back to NY (things I would NEVER be able to find in NYC) and had to run out to the ATM in the sleet to make my purchase. Owner was sweet enough, though, to give me a free gift which was very, very appreciated!
4	You don't really come here for the atmosphere, the inside of the store is just like any other Depaneur in Quebec but is has a fantastic selection of Quebec micro brews. However, there is a shelf that covers one wall filled with a great variety of Quebec Micro brews. La Trou, Charlevoix, Dieu De Ciel, La Brasserie, and many others are represented. When you first walk in though, you'll see a small cooler with limited selection and a few bottles on top, and a few near the cash register. The long wall of beers though is around the corner and easy to miss thinking there isn't much here, so look around and you'll quickly see it.The proprietor speaks English fine if you need help, and he does know the product. I did ask for a few things and he knew what I was talking about but they didn't have them. Also if you come as a vistor not from Canada you can not use credit cards here, it's Cash and Canadian debit only.This is a great store if you want to take a peak and grab some Quebec beers. However I dropped by on a quiet Sunday, and the proprietor told me that they usually get the bulk of items on Fridays and Saturdays and it becomes quite busy then, and Sundays are a little picked clean and dead customer visiting wise.  Everything I've also read calls this place a little expensive, but personally it's inline for what I would pay if I was in DC, and I didn't find it that much more expensive than other places I saw beers at, so I find it reasonable, but there might be a better deal if you went somewhere else, but I wouldn't call this place a rip off joint.Still if you want Quebec beers, this is worth stopping in for, I could have easily bought many things. But if you want more international variety or something else then you're not going to get much out of it.Dieu de Ciel is also just up the the street a few blocks, so it's a perfect one two punch for visiting.
