5	Josh and Pools Unlimited is a class act business. Josh has been true to his word on his service and efficiency. Got to be honest, I haven't a clue how to manage my pool efficiently. He had it knocked out in two days and has been prompt and professional every time he is at my property. A good guy and knowledgeable about his craft. Well worth the monthly charge to be able to swim in my pool without concern of cleaning or balancing chemicals! Thanks Josh!
1	They started out great, attentive, then somewhere along the way service spiraled down. Was steered in wrong direction and am now facing a high dollar repair. Towards the end keeping an appointment was becoming difficult, keeping up on service didn't even seem like a concern.  Many opinions vary on pool maintenance so I took their opinion only to realize maybe their is a difference between adding chemicals and skimming a pool,  and exactly knowing how to care for a pool and extending its lifespan.
1	Pools unlimited can't take constructive criticism, and w/every complaint there's always an excuse, but no resolve.  I hired them thru Angie's list special $89 for two month service. I even paid in advance.  My pool was green and needed some attention due to my own neglect.  But that's what you hire a professional for, so I thought. Sure josh came out assessed the damage, said he was gonna get to work on it.  He did clean my filters, and put chemicals in my pool.  However because the amt of green that was in my pool I did suggest they can use the chemicals we had (chlorine and shock). He said nah don't worry about it, that's what we were hiring them for.  Needless to say, I left it up to his expertise as a pool guy only to suggest after three days later of a pool not cleared or clean, to drain and scrub and charging $350 on top of the $500 for 5 mos of service. So it could save him in expenses and additional trips out to my house.  But it would raise our water bill and put us out of pocket an additional $350 for an expense we've had a problem with before but didn't need to drain.  Thanks to "Crystal Water pool service" for basically picking up the slack of "pools unlimited" and completing the job in 1 day.   I attempted to give some feedback to pools unlimited directly and attempt to rectify the situation to be fair however again he has excuses and then considered my feedback as slander and put down.  Check the texts for yourself as I'm including pics of the feedback and his reply.
1	I hired Josh as he seemed eager and informed about pools. We agreed on a price based on the market and for the first year everything was fine but he did have trouble keeping the algea under control. Suggested I drain the pool so he could pressure wash to help with the algae, did that even though the water was less than a year old, didn't help algae was worse than ever AND I had to pay to refill the pool! Finally he told me he was going to have to increase the weekly rate! NO WAY! My pool was basically unuseable and you want me to pay MORE???!!! I told him no thanks I'll find another pool service and I did, my pool has never looked this good. He promised to refund me a portion of the final month he was paid for but didn't service, guess what, never saw that either. Overall I would say there are better pool services in our area avoid this one, save yourself the trouble.
