5	We had a large family horseback riding adventure and we had such a great time! The horses were healthy looking and well behaved. The staff was friendly and dressing up in boots,chaps ,etc added to the fun! Overall great experience and would go again .
5	Had a great time. Went for an hour ride with Joe who was great.  Kids, aged 4 and 6 had a blast dressing up like cowboys.  Horses were well behaved and the scenery in Estrella Mountain Park was awesome. We will be back!
5	Great people who gave us (3 adults plus a 6 year old) a great ride. Plus, they have our 2 year old a free pony ride around the arena! He was so thrilled not to be left out of the fun. Most places don't do that but we really appreciated it and it was a definite selling point for us. I'd go for a ride with them again next time I was in the area!
5	We happened to drive by and decided why hike, when we can ride a horse. We went for the 2 hour tour, our guide's name was Terri Russell, he was a great guide. He educated us on the plants, stories of AZ history and also has great family stories of his own to share. He's service was great- ask for Terri however, everyone we had an encounter with had great service- just all around great folks!
5	My husband and I attended the Cowboy Cookout last Saturday night, and had such an amazing time.  The staff was incredibly friendly, the food was delicious, and the sing-a-long with Doc after dinner was so fun.  This evening was exactly what we needed.  The sunset was beautiful, and the entire evening was relaxed and an opportunity to get away from it all.  I highly recommend you make reservations for one of their sunset cowboy cookouts.  It's a great time either for a date night or for the entire family.  Next time my husband and I are looking forward to taking the kids.Thank you Deb for making us feel so welcome and appreciated!
5	We took our Girl Scouts Troop on the 1 hour trail ride today and then s'more making...what a FANTASTIC experience. The girls LOVED it.  It was so organized - even have cowboy boots and hats the kids could wear.  Instructions for the girls who had minimal experience was really good.  Off went 13 girls all about 8 years old.  Every one came back smiling.  The staff was super nice.  Can't wait to go back!
4	I've never been horseback riding but in sure glad I chose this as my first place.  From owner to working hand and tour guide (Alyssa) the experience was amazing. The people were knowledgeable and the environment was amazing.  I can't say enough about this place.  Close to phx to far enough away in the park to give you the authentic western riding experience.  Next time were doing the cookout
5	Deb, Jeff and everyone here made this a very special moment. Away from the computers, games and electronics of Christmas, we made memories! Our GRANDboys were able to pick out their own hats, badges and bandanas. They supplied boots that fit each person and offered chaps as well. It completed the experience of being real. A wagon ride to a prepared campsite, roasting hotdogs and s'mores and a beautiful sunset ride back. Everything was perfect and we would HIGHLY recommend this as a family outing if you are anywhere near. We drove an hour to get there and it was worth every minute and dollar spent!
