5	Reasonable prices and well made food.
5	The building that is now the home of Ming Fu has been 4 different restaurants since I have been on this side of town. No one seemed to be able to get it right until now. I have been in all 4 restaurants over the years and saw the same thing every time, a dark, drab and dirty establishment with nothing more than bar food and a less than enthusiastic staff. Now walking in you will see a very modern and sleek decor with a nice size sushi bar and plenty of booths and table in the back. The menu is quite extensive, with something for everyone. The quality was fresh, flavorful and not overly greasy. The portions were a good size and the presentation was, for a few of the entrees, a work of art. Looks like the owners of Ming Fu got it right. Can't wait to go back and give the sushi a try.
4	Service was fast and efficient. Rolls were excellent. Hot & sour was great but wonton soup had a very doughy wonton. Entrees were very good and huge - took half home. Fried rice was dry and bland
4	My partner was in the mood for Chinese food last night, so I was a little skeptical as I considered the options:  fast food Chinese takeout?  No.  A Chinese buffet?  No.  Chain restaurant PF Chang's?  No.  An 1980s-decorated Chinese sit-down restaurant?  Definitely, no.   That's when he remembered seeing a new place being built in Matthews.  We drove by Ming Fu to see if it was open yet.  We had been at this establishment before just a couple of years ago when it was a burger place.  It was very nicely decorated inside before, but walking into Ming Fu now, you wouldn't even recognize it from before.  They've totally redone the inside and gave it a very modern, calming Zen-like feel.  It was beautifully, yet simply, decorated, and I was already immediately impressed upon walking in the doorway.  The menu options were very diverse without being overwhelming like at some Chinese restaurants.  There were decent typical Chinese $10ish meals or, if you wanted to get something a little more high-end, there were $15ish meals.  We opted for the first, along with a couple of cups of soup.  Our server brought out complimentary fried Chinese noodles with a spicy mustard and sweet and sour dipping sauce, and all of these were tasty.  The hot and sour soup was good, but not as flavorful, peppery, or spicy as some I've had.  The Sa Cha Chicken entree (broccoli, water chestnuts, snap peas, brown sauce) was very good, too, with a "just right"-sized portion served on modern dinnerware.  Although denoted as spicy, it too wasn't anywhere what I'd call spicy.  I like some heat!  Some sriracha or hot chile sauce/paste on the table would have been a much welcome addition.  I had to resort to adding heat by using the Chinese mustard.  The service was great and friendly, and we're definitely going back.  The atmosphere alone is awesome, and then you get the bonus of a very reasonably priced, good Chinese meal.
3	This is a new restaurant that opened in Matthews. We just moved from Atlanta and love sushi so wanted to check it out. We ordered sushi for take out, seaweed salad, miso soup. The decor is pretty. It's very understated and modern looking. None of the kitchsy Japanese dolls that grace a lot of Japanese restaurants. It would be nice if the interior had a little more color. There were a lot of grays, whites and browns, but that's a minor complaint.I wanted to like the sushi, but, I didn't think there was anything that special about it. I got a few different types of rolls. The sushi rolls were not cheap so I had high hopes for them, but they seemed only a step above what you might buy in a grocery store sushi case. The rolls were a little bland tasting and the ingredients didn't seem so fresh. I can't speak about the regular menu. I may try this place once more, but if the regular dinners are also uninspired, I may have to go further into town for my sushi fix.
3	Service - good, but could improve knowledge and selling skills during ordering; Food - some are tasty, some are bland; Decor - nice; Management - non existent.I was looking forward to trying Ming Fu in Matthews (they also have a location in Waxhaw, so having 2 restaurants must mean they are doing something right).  Immediately walking in you are greeted with smiles.  But it seems that patrons usually walk past the hostess desk and head for the area where there is a cashier.  It was the first area that you see walking in, but another woman had to walk over to the hostess desk to grab the menus.  Seems a little inefficient or confusing.  That's when I noticed the sushi bar.  The sushi bar looked inviting and I probably would have enjoyed sitting there for a meal but we had our 7 year old with us.  Next time, if it is just me and my husband we will probably sit at the sushi bar.  The decor is really nice (not too much, not too little). My husband did point out that the paper lamps looked as if someone smeared poo on them.  I thought he was crazy but when I looked up I could not agree more.  My daughter and I were grossed out but it was a good laugh.Trying to forget the poo smeared paper lamps, I went back to the study the menu.  I asked the waitress for suggestions on a few things to try but both times she said she hadn't tried them yet (I asked for a suggestion between bbq ribs vs. boneless ribs; and to offer suggestions on spicy sushi - she has only tried one out of the entire menu, and the one she tried was not spicy).  We ended up ordering the following: -egg rolls - very good, everything an egg roll should be-bbq ribs - a little dry, nothing to write home about. the marinade and sauce does not taste homemade.  It is very much like the packaged dry rub you can find at Asian groceries-wonton soup - the dumplings are nice and plump. The broth was salty but otherwise tasteless.  It could use flavor and maybe some more green onions.-pork fried rice - decent and average.  It was not bad but not special.-volcano roll - we ordered this because it sounded similar to the volcano roll we order at one of our favorite sushi restaurants back home (Chicago).  This roll was terrible and tasteless at Ming Fu.-crunch roll - this roll was very similar tasting to the volcano roll so it was also terrible and tasteless.-roll w/soft shell crab but I can't remember the name - tasteless, just ok.-sesame beef with brown rice (I ordered this to go since I did not enjoy the sushi and did not eat very much while I was seated and it was the first item on the Chefs Specialty list. I had a few bites of this when I got home) - it was pretty good and kept my hopes up that I might actually enjoy the entrees more than the sushi.Overall, the service food was okay.  I want to come back in a few weeks to see if the food improves.  I will definitely be back a couple more times to give the specialty sushi and a few other entrees a try.  I want to give this place 4 stars, but I am just not a fan.  Seeing how the food tasted, I don't think it is deserving of 4 stars.A few things about the staff - if I was the owner I would make sure that my staff could offer suggestions instead of say "I haven't tried anything".  Here is a suggestion - have your staff try the food before you have them on the floor.  How can you expect your staff to "sell" your food, if they don't believe in it and if they haven't tried it?  It's a great way to up-sell and make sure patrons feel confident about their orders.  Also, I did not see management on the floor at all.  Not one person came to ask us how the food or service was.  I would think that at a new restaurant, management would want to hear from customers and try to get repeat business.Sushi - if you can't "create" specialty maki, don't do it.  I go out for maki because I don't make it at home.  I can easily get fresh fish from the market and make sushi - nigiri, but I enjoy going out for specialty rolls just to see and taste what others create.  If you don't have flavor or presentation, then it's not worth it to me to pay what you charge for a little piece of fish (or worse - imitation crab) from your menu.
3	Fairly typical Chinese food with a Sushi menu and nice restaurant seating area.  I wasn't as wow'd as I was hoping after reading all the rave reviews here on Yelp, but it is a pretty decent offering.I tried the egg drop soup, which was a good value, the pork dumplings, which were meh - I think the sauce was overly sweet, the kung pao chicken, which was pretty good, and the chicken lo mein noodles, which were meh (but aren't all lo mein noodles pretty meh?).Overall I would come back and get some take out because it does lie somewhere in between your PFChangs and your strip mall cheap Chinese take out place.  However, I don't believe it's that great of a value offering.  The prices are a bit high for cheap Chinese, and the quality is only just a bit higher.  Doesn't feel like you're getting a great deal.
2	Not impressed. The food was average at best. My wife and I were disappointed especially after having chosen this place based on the positive reviews.
1	SUMMARY: 2nd time I've been here and had terrible service. Waited 1 hour 40 minutes during lunch and only received my soda. Had to ask the waitress about my soup, and again about my sushi, both of which were "overlooked." .....Today marks the second time I've eaten at this restaurant and have had an awful experience. It's literally the worst service I've ever had at any restaurant. I joined a group of several other coworkers for lunch at noon. The restaurant was reasonably busy, but nothing too hectic or full for a lunch hour. I ordered a coke zero, hot and sour soup, and a Rock N Roll. My coke zero arrived on time, though it was in a 20 oz bottle while the others had fountain drinks. After about 30 minutes, everyone received their soup and salad, except mine, which the waitress seemed unaware that I ordered anything or that anything was missing. She brought out my soup about ten minutes later, but informed me they were out of soup spoons, but that I could just use the small spoon included in my silverware. After 1 hour, the entrees arrived. The majority of us ordered sushi. The waitress said something happened with their computer, and asked if it was okay if all of the sushi was on one platter instead of separated for each order. This is strange to eat off of a platter in the middle of a large table, so we asked if they could split it up by roll type, unsure of why a computer is necessary to do so. The waitress took the food away and came back with it sorted about 10 minutes later. We had to ask for the sauce bowls, soy sauce, ginger, etc. These items are normally brought out with the silverware. However, my sushi was missing, and I was told it "overlooked". My coworkers finished their meals and asked for their checks while I continued to wait for my food. After about 30 minutes since everyone received their food (we had now been at the restaurant for 1 hour and 40 minutes), they brought our checks and handed me my sushi in a to-go box. The waitress asked if we needed anything else, and we asked to speak to a manager.The manager came over to our table, apologized, and said that today had been "kind of overwhelming." At this point, there were only 4 or 5 other tables, and the rest of the restaurant was empty. I expressed my concern that I waited 1 hour and 40 minutes and had been unable to eat with my coworkers, and asked if they could wave the cost of my meal. They did so, but did nothing to accommodate my other coworkers. The food is great at Ming Fu. The prices are fair. The servings are normal. However, none of it is so outstanding that I would be willing to sit through that terrible service again. The service was awful the first time I went (another lunch visit on a slow day), but I figured I would give them a second chance. Stuff happens, and it's not fair to write a long, scathing review because of a bad day. However, my second visit was even worse than the first, and I will not be returning again.I won't name drop competition (since it will look like I work for the competitor, which I don't), but there are plenty of other Japanese restaurants within a 5 minute radius. I encourage you to go there instead.
5	FINE, YOU WIN Ming Fu. Take my money. It's not like I have a weakness for small cozy places that serve Asian cuisine to perfection or anything. I don't know what kind of ninjas you have snooping around, finding out what my exact likes are and then creating a restaurant to meet those exact secret desires, but it's not fair that you play on all my weaknesses at once. How Ming Fu will destroy me financially: - Has great sushi my wife likes- Has a great selection of vegetarian options I like- Tastes better than PF Changs, without the wait- Tastes more authentic than Pei Wei, with more style- Tasty spring rolls- Good selection of interesting appetizers- Really nice servers and hostesses - A lively but comfortable atmosphere when it gets hoppin- Nice floors - no really, I love their floors, whoever did their decorating did a great job and picked out some nice flooring. As a person addicted to Asian fare, I like to snobbishly approach a new restaurant like Ming Fu, who covers a variety of Asian cuisine. I found everything so far to be above average to excellent. Looking forward to summer when the front courtyard opens up.
4	We are fairly new to the Charlotte area, and this is the third Chinese place we have tried in Matthews (Best Wok and can't remember the name of the other one by Once Upon a Child).So far, Ming Fu is our favorite. We have dined in once and order take out for lunch once.Our dine in experience was excellent. Great service, fresh and tasty food. The decor is nice  and modern compared to most other Chinese restaurants in Matthews. My wife and son ordered sushi while my daughter and I split an order of pork lo-mein and orange beef, and pork dumplings for an appetizer. All of our food was pretty good, except the orange beef was a bit on the bland side. My wife said that Ming Fu has restored her taste for sushi. She said the last time she had sushi this good was when we lived in Nashville and she would go to Ken's.Our take out experience was excellent as well. Sweet and sour pork was very good. The batter was crunchy and not thick, and the pork inside was fairly tender and not chewy like so many other Chinese take out joints. My wife had the cashew chicken and said it was very good, and we split some more lo-mein. The lunch portions are a decent size too and the cost is right on.For any one who is nervous about trying a new place, I suggest try the take out first (be sure to eat it asap), and then if you are happy, dine in. The atmosphere is great inside and the servers are extra nice!
5	Oh, boy, do I like Ming Fu.My wife and I really enjoy good Chinese food, and her favorite place to go was always Ming Fu in Waxhaw (Cureton Shopping Center). After a few times there, I was hooked. Now, we live in Matthews, so Ming Fu wasn't our go-to spot, unless we were in the area.Until Ming Fu came to Matthews. We found out that it's the same ownership and menu as the Waxhaw location, so we were excited. And justifiably so.The food is always delicious, and presented beautifully. The chef makes little decorative pieces with the food, such as a bird made from an orange slice on an appetizer, a rose made from a radish for the dinner plates, etc.Chicken and beef are tender, and seasoned well. The sauces are all done beautifully, and can be adjusted to your needs (like it spicier? just ask). The sushi is great, it's very fresh and tasty. The rice is sticky like it should be, and the fish is wonderful. The soups are good, as are the appetizers.The service is a little lack-luster at times, but they are always attentive to our needs and genuine.The decor is very modern, and has an "asian fusion" feel to it - lots of dark colors and modern patterns mixed with very classical feeling oriental elements. It's nice to look at, for sure.Parking can be limited because of the location, but we've not had much of a problem finding a spot.I always leave satisfied and very happy with the food.
3	Totally Gorgeous Interior!  Incredibly sweet Staff and Outstanding Service!  Food needs Work!!!This place is completely remodeled and looks Great!!!  Modern Japanese looking design, simply and tastefully done!  Open yet with a feeling of privacy if you get one of the many booths and Booth-type seating on both sides... Impressive! A line of tables runs down the middle of the larger room!  Also two smaller Dining Rooms in the back!From the Hostess to ALL Wait Staff (all Female) Sunday Night, everyone was Friendly and did a great job!All the food comes out of the Kitchen each dish great Looking appearing to be designed with LOVE!  Pipping Hot and Fresh!Flavor is where the yelp stars fall!  Each of the dishes I got was, just  ok, close to, almost three stars or good, not any better than good!
4	Went to this place for the first time on Sunday night. The food was very good. High-quality chicken, beef, and the shrimp fried rice was borderline excellent. There were six of us and every meal was good. The service was a little slow - the waitress disappeared for more than 20 minutes while we were in the middle of eating - but this place is a solid 4 stars. It is quite comparable to P.F. Chang's.
4	I was surprised by the aesthetic of this spot in Matthews. I had been to the Ming Fu in Waxhaw (Not sure if there is a connection?) and loved the sushi. Simple, easy enough, nothing short of familiar if you're a sushi savant, etc. Came for lunch with a friend recently and had a great experience. High notes: Crunchy noodles before your meal. I'm a large proponent of fried noodles and Ming Fu does em right. Utterly comfy seating. The booths are greatly comfortable and welcome your rear rather nicely. Sashimi lunch platter is a killer deal. I think around $12 for 6 pieces of sashimi and a cali roll. Yellowtail, salmon, and tuna. Only negative is that it's not closer to Uptown. A solid spot for lunch, and I'm sure for dinner as well, and I'm looking forward to coming back when in the area. I'll miss you until I see you next time, Ming Fu.
3	We came here for lunch on a weekday, so it wasn't very busy. I would give 4 stars for the food/variety, but the service was pretty bad. I didn't catch the name of our server, but she was a young lady with glasses. I liked that my daughter could get pretty good sushi, while I could get pretty good Chinese food at the same place. The restaurant is very well decorated and has a nice open feel to it. The sushi choices were somewhat limited, but the rolls were fresh and tasted good. The phoenix/dragon combo I had was very tasty also. I was disappointed that I had to ask for chopsticks, then a to-go container, THEN the bill. After all of that, I left a 20% tip and the waitress just threw the remainder onto the table without a word and walked off. I immediately regretted leaving any tip at all. In all fairness, she might have overheard my young(ish) daughter mention how rude the waitress seemed. Out of the mouthes of babes...
2	Not a fan of two in one restaurants, e.g. a Chinese/Japanese Restaurant.  Just my opinion but two completely different types of food, not sure why they're always lumped together.  We still checked it out because we were in the area and found it had good reviews.  A bit disappointing.  Visually a great place, very clean and great decor.  The appetizers were great, we had egg drop soup along with some boneless ribs.  Each tasted great so we thought our entrees would be even better.  We were mistaken.  Sweet and Sour Pork did not taste fresh, was incredibly hard and so was my fried rice.  My wife's fried rice was just as hard and her pepper steak was extremely bland.  Service was pleasant and fast however.  Good lunch specials as well.  Just wish the food was better.
4	Finally! A place in Charlotte with boneless ribs! The dishes seem to be hit or miss when it comes to flavor. That being said, none of the dishes have been bad. They've all been at least good if not delicious. The sesame chicken has a nice fried crust but has a nice ratio of fried to chicken. The chicken and broccoli is tasty but could use a brown sauce or something to bump it up a notch. The broccoli is very fresh, even if you just get it as a side. The rice (white, brown, fried) is never stale or heavy. We've done both dine in and take out and haven't noticed a big difference, which is awesome.Every staffer I've interacted with, whether in person or over the phone, has been very pleasant.The dining room isn't too large but can sit large parties fairly easily. If you are coming from Trade, you don't have to get onto John to turn left into Ming Fu. Instead, turn in behind the Exxon. There is driving access that goes behind the restaurant.
5	Just left and we loved the food. Recently relocated here from Massachusetts and have searched for Chinese food close to what we had back home. Our search is over!! The food here was fabulous!! Tasted better AND cost less! Our server was friendly and delivered food quickly. We have a new favorite now!
5	We have been looking for a place closer to home for great Sushi and Chinese. We found it!! The sushi was awesome. They offered the regulars California Roll, Tuna Roll,etc. but also some awesome specialty rolls. We had the Red Dragon Roll and found it so good we ordered another! Fast service, delightful wait staff and great prices made this our new favorite Asian!
4	Great service.  Lunch was a value for the money and very tasty.  Nice ambience with modern decor.  Went at 1 pm and the parking lot was full!
3	Beautiful building, inside and out. Even the food is presented very nicely. Staff is friendly as well. The menu leaves a bit to be desired, as it's fairly typical Chinese, with some sushi, not that there is anything wrong with that.Really the only problem is that the building is so nice that the food just doesn't live up to it. If this was a standard walk-in Chinese place, the food would probably taste a whole lot better, but because it's presented in such a nice atmosphere, it brings the food down a notch (or three).It really isn't bad - and prices are certainly reasonable as well. It's just that the bar is set so high with such a nice presentation that you expect a lot more and it's a bit of a let down when it's not outstanding. Still a very solid offering, and it is visually very pleasing.
2	Reviewing ONLY the sushi ... this place makes me wonder if "Ming Fu" translates to "Mediocre Food."  It was hardly the worst sushi I've ever had ... but there is no reason to come here for it, either.  The seaweed wrap on one of the three rolls I had was so chewy it was difficult to get through.  Put it this way: I had to intentionally focus on grinding my teeth through that seaweed.  I didn't have time to raise my hand about it and send it back for a new one, as I was on a defined timeline that night.  I would ordinarily give the chef a second shot at making it right ... but then again, should I have to?The fish was fresh enough (not fishy ... thankfully, because it was a Saturday night, not a Sunday) ... but it was quite bland.  I love spicy tuna in general, but these rolls barely told my tongue that they were there.Nice ambiance, and I have a number of friends who enjoy their more traditional Chinese dishes.  I can't speak to that ... just was disappointed to have a weak experience here and can't see much reason to give it another shot.
1	This place keeps getting worse every time I go. Their most recent low was MICROWAVING our dinners. It was unmistakable, I had several pieces of rubbery pork that was cold on one side and scaldingly hot on the other. The service is barely passable. The staff is nice and polite but just seem to have no interest in doing a good job. For example we asked our waitress for some plates for our kids. After telling us "ok" she went and played on her phone at a table in the back.On a side note they only have 2 high chairs in a restaurant that seats probably 80. If we go when there are more than 10 other people dining we pretty much are guaranteed not to get a booster or high chair.  Which is a shame because the teriyaki kids meals with steamed broccoli are great!
1	We had great hopes for this place when it opened. Take out was good, fast and cheap, eat in was slow, rude and felt as If we were intruding. Over the past few months the food quality has slipped to a new low, but luckily for us the last three times we tried to order take out they put us on hold till we nearly starved to death and ate leftovers.
5	Just went here for the first time tonight.  Awesome customer service on my take out order.  Inside looked nice and welcoming, not too loud, but not too quiet.  Looks like crap on the outside, but I would definitely take my family here for a night out.  Wife loved her sesame chicken and fried rice, kid loved his sweet n sour chicken and I love my shrimp fried rice and crab rangoon.  They gave us a load of sauce for our food, didn't skimp at all. $34 for all that.  20 something would be better, but it's a pretty good place so whatever.  I'll go again.  Try it out!
3	I was definitely impressed about the look of the place- very nice decorations and location.  However, while eating the waitresses kept lowering the curtains until it was nearly pitch black.  The prices were certainly affordable as it came with crunchy things, salad (ginger dressing was good) and the meal.  Now i've had the sesame chicken before and it was very good but this time i got the fantasy chicken. DO NOT GET THE FANTASY CHICKEN under any circumstances- the "special mayo sauce" literally tastes like helmans mayo dished out onto the chicken.  I couldnt even eat it, but I was thankful the waitress brought me some new chicken with sweet and sour sauce instead.  Overall this place was just OK.
5	I love this place. Their sushi tastes fresh and the service is excellent. I am so glad to have found it for my visits to north carolina. I think its much better than New Zealand.
3	OK minus the AAnother Chinese-Japanese restaurant, a strange combination which seems popular in Charlotte for some reason, really don't know why. Three of us had lunch there a while back. First impression decor is dramatic, and service was prompt but that's the end of the good news. As for the sushi the only fish they have is salmon and tuna or yellowtail, typical for Charlotte really. Honestly due to the lack of variety I've given up on Sushi restaurants these days. Instead I buy quality sushi grade yellowtail and Scottish salmon by the pound -the fish store up the street - we have everything we need, wasabi, soya, sesame etc to pig out on sashimi at home. :)For lunch we ordered Gyoza and 3 items from the Chinese menu, one of them was a shrimp dish, the other two I can't remember because the cooking was generic and there was nothing memorable about it ...other than it was bland. Well at least it wasn't bad.Nice place, average food. Matthews is a foodies hell.
3	What a pleasant surprise to find an above average Chinese restaurant in the Matthews area. I came for lunch with my seven year old son and we shared a lunch portion of tofu with mixed vegetables.Here are my impressions:PROS*Beautiful decor*Attentive service*Spotlessly clean*Very good fried rice and tofu with mixed vegetablesCONS*Weak tea (there's just no excuse...tea bags are cheap!)*Garden salad was just iceberg with a couple cucumbers and shredded carrots. Some romaine or mesclun would be so much healthier and tastier! Also the dressing came in a solo container with lid, tacky and not eco-friendly. *No curry on the menu...I LOVE curry!!Jo Jo China Bistro in Ballantyne was my favorite, and our family was devastated when it closed. Ming Fu could potentially be our new favorite with a few small changes.
4	Yum!! Ming Fu has officially been added to my family's rotation of restaurants (and there are literally like 3 restaurants on that rotation, we never go out...).  Anyways, the food is really good and fresh tasting, the service is always pleasant and it's nice to sit outside in the summer.The only thing I'm not a fan of are the weird wooden plates the sushi comes on, it's hard to eat off of.  Anyone who has been around Matthews is sure to share my excitement that a restaurant is finally sticking around in that building after so many failed ones.Give Ming Fu a try, it won't disappoint!
4	Fast service and pretty good food. Real hit for this place is the lunch specials - sit down food for almost less than fast food and service is almost as fast. Can get in and out in 20 minutes even when most of the restaurant is busy.Not a place to come for sushi as much, but the Singapore Mei Fun and Curry Fried Rice are both great.
1	Server was great. I got a chicken veggie steamer and the chicken was not cooked all the way. It was a very deep pink in the center. I sent the meal back halfway through and the server went to talk to the owner. Not only did I not receive a replacement meal, but the owner only gave me 15% off of a meal that I was only able to eat half of. The owner/manager didn't even come to our table to address it or apologize. Not the way to run a restaurant...
4	Fast service and very good food.  I had fried rice with shrimp and Tiger roll. Very god portion of shrimp and food the sushi was very fresh.
4	We have been here several times and have had no complaints.  The soups are great, as are the potstickers.  We come mainly for sushi, which is always fresh.  We've tried most of the rolls and there aren't any we don't like. Yay!  The waitstaff is hit or miss, but typically pretty good.  The restaurant is really pretty inside and allows plenty of space so you don't feel crowded in.  They also have outdoor seating which is rare for a sushi spot.  Plenty of parking and in a nice location near downtown Matthews.  We look forward to visiting again!
5	I've never eaten in the restaurant but order takeout once every couple weeks. Their internet menu is a little hard to navigate but by now we pretty much know what we want.  The food is excellent for the price, especially the general chicken and sesame chicken, and it's always ready when we show up.  The ladies up front are very friendly.
5	Delicious sushi with good prices. High end atmosphere without high end prices! Lots of choices too
4	Place was a great find here in Matthews. The service was great and the staff was friendly. I had the crunch roll and it was delicious!  The sesame chicken was great! Beware of the house mustard! It is a spicy surprise!
2	Been here twice now.  First time got a noodle bowl which was very good and a nice value (probably what they do best honestly)  The crab rangoon was a great appetizer and way better than any buffet version I've had.  The second visit however, I wanted to try something different so I got the orange beef... which was disgusting.  The beef was overcooked and not tender.  The sauce was overly syrupy and way too sweet with NO taste of orange apart from the hard little candied orange peel curlies swimming in the sauce at the bottom of the plate.  There were four cold broccoli florets included but they had not been tossed with the stir fry....thus were cold and tasteless.  I'm no chef and I'm not from China but I can tell you they missed the boat on this one (no pun intended).I plan on continuing to go here, I will try the sushi next time.
3	I went there for lunch one day and had the Sesame Chicken with white rice. For the price it is given, this entree is not worth it. Seriously, you're better off getting takeout from a cheap Chinese restaurant. However, the setting and ambience are excellent and that is why I am giving this restaurant a merciful 3 out of 5.
