5	I will totally admit that I hire someone to pick up my dog's poop.  First of all, time is money, and my time is worth more than poop.  Secondly, my dog has defied all known physics on Earth - he can turn 1 lb of food in to approximately 15 tons of poop.  If that wasn't fun enough, he is apparently part Easter Bunny, as he thinks it's terribly fun to find new, exciting and inventive places in my yard to hide his poop. Enter Pet Butler.  My poop angels.  They scoop everything up, regardless of where the dog has hidden it.  In the rocks, next to trees.  If Dr. Suess wrote about poop instead of Green Eggs and Ham, my dog would have pooped on the book.  Thankfully, he only does it outside...which is why we keep the books in the house.  But I digress....Each time Pet Butler comes out, I come home to a wonderful, poop free yard.  For 15 minutes.  Then the dog ruins it by manging to get one poop in 18 places.  But I can relax knowing Pet Butler will soon arrive like knights, not with armor, but plastic gloves, and scoopers instead of swords.  For $35 bucks a month, this service is worth every penny.  When I lost my credit cards they were totally cool when the billing failed, no harassment, just a nice email, and when I explained that I lost my wallet, it was, when you get the new card update us, no threats or bad attitude.  They even left us a cute dog calendar for the holidays.(Do I get some kind of award for the most times the word poop is legitimately used in a Yelp review?)
5	We have used Pet Butler for nearly a year now to clean our dog run and I've got to say the service is impeccable.  I will readily admit we don't clean our own dog's poop.  Having someone else come without fail to do that for us is well worth the price.  And frankly they do a much better job of it than we ever did.I would highly recommend outsourcing this not-so-fun chore and, if you do, would also highly recommend Pet Butler.  We used to be with Poopy Do (another company) and can without question say that Pet Butler does a much better job keeping its commitment to schedule.And Mandi, your record for the most use of the word "poop" in one review remains intact.
5	These guys are great. Always on-time, very trust worthy.  Our dogs love the technician.  They look go the extra mile - even bring my trash barrels in from the curb when they come.  Great service from Brad and the gang at Pet Butler. Thanks,Todd
1	UPDATE: 6/4/2014 - This place is horrible.  They started super, then totally fell off.  I am a busy mom of two and didn't monitor as closely as I should have as far as their timing with visits. I paid for bi-weekly service.  It was moving to every two weeks and I would forget to call them to find out what was going on with my busy days.  I finally added up how many times this was happening and they totally owe me at least 1 month refund.  I called and left them a message about the missed service, and wanting to stop the service.  They NEVER called back, never refunded my money AND took out yet another payment for the service they are not performing.  ORIGINAL POST:  Sandy at Pet Butler is A-MAZE-ING! I submitted a request late one evening and she called me FIRST thing the next morning.  We discussed services and then she told me about the deal that was online with Yelp for a discount.  I signed up and we arranged my first service.  The service date was less than a week from the time I purchased.  They did a fantastic job cleaning up the yard and were are very customer service oriented.  The value is super!  You HAVE to give them a try.  You too will be pleased.  Thank you Sandy and Pet Butler!
5	Pet Butler is awesome!!!!!!  I highly recommend this service.  They are efficient and have great customer service.
5	I had a real hurry up job, I had just purchased a house that my wife had not yet seen (we lived out of state) she was coming in to see it and I needed all of the dog poop cleaned up before she came into town.  I called Pet Butler and Bonnie got hold of their operations manager and they put a real hurry up on the order and got it cleaned up the same day I called.  Super Service, I was very pleased with their response to my needs.
5	We've used Pet Butler for the last year or so and we've been 100% satisfied with the service. We have two dogs, so we have them come out once a week to pick up after them. Absolutely no complaints at all. The guy that comes out always does a very thorough job. I 100% recommend these guys to anyone who has dogs and a fenced in yard!
5	This service is awesome! We have two dogs and it makes my life so much easier. No more of nagging the husband to go out and pick it up, the Pet Butler takes care of it. It will definitely help us in the summer. Now our yard will be party ready without the headache. I highly recommend Pet Butler.
5	Sandy and the team is fantastic. I've been a customer for 3 years, and have always been satisfied with their service. Pet Butler is thorough, dependable, and does a job I don't want to do at a good price, so for me they have always been worth the cost! They just came this morning, and while I'm upstairs I hear the guy out back say "Hi Riley!! How are you today?" to my pup who is watching intently from the back door. So friendly, plus (with prior permission, of course) they'll give your little one a treat when they come by! They get my highest recommendation :)
5	We have been doing business with Sandy and Pet Butler for a little over three years now.  Anyone that has ever been out to clean our yard has been so nice and friendly to all of our dogs.  They ALWAYS come as promised (we do twice a week yard pick ups), do wonderful work,  and address concerns immediately.  Sandy and Pet Butler have been wonderful to work with over the years.  I would highly recommend them to anyone!
5	We've used Pet Butler for about 2 years, and they are great! It's so nice to not have to worry about this chore and know that it's taken care of. They get all the poop, and they're great with the dog - and with people! Could not be happier with their service. Thanks Pet Butler!
5	Great People & a VERY worthwhile service.  No more piles & NO MORE arguements about who's turn it is!
