5	First of all, the salon is beautiful, what a gorgeous, new and CLEAN salon. The experience was so professional from the time I walked in the door. The place was sort of high tech, I did my whole transaction on their salon IPAD which ultimately made their front desk look more neat and less cluttered. I loved the interior, the stations are high quality, you can see they didn't cut corners in the salon.I had the pleasure of being styled by Ellice, who is the salon's senior stylist. This place is solely a hair salon which I think is pretty cool. I was taken when my appointment started, which is very important for me. Ellice educated me on the special product line that she carries in her salon, only she and maybe one other person carry it off the strip, its super exclusive, which makes me feel exclusive too. I feel that she invested a lot in her products so that I have the best experience and overall results. Ellice focused on me the entire time, she wasnt juggling a million clients at a time which I have unfortunately experienced in the past. Also, I have the thinnest most flat hair, and I walked out of there with more voluminous, soft and shapely hair I've ever seen on my head. I thought that was great but I figured I would step out and in two seconds my hair would lose all of her hard work, but it didn't...not until I washed my hair again!! My hairstyle was maintained, man this girl works wonders. I highly recommend Moda Di Capelli, Ellice and I'm sure any of her other stylists will do the same stellar job. Everyone was so accommodating and welcoming, the way a salon should be. I'll definitely be going back.
5	Go see Ellice, she is fantastic!!!!I have lived in Vegas for almost 13 years and have gone to at least that many different stylists. Not anymore, I have found one of the absolute best in Las Vegas.Tucked away in a shopping center, but a beautiful and very clean salon. Ellice is a master colorist, great stylist, Paul Mitchell trained, uses only the best products (only one other salon carries them) and is quite competitively priced.I have shoulder length hair and love blonde highlights/lowlights to lighten up my brown hair. Seem to have a continual problem with stylists not listening attentively to what I want, especially when it comes to length and color.Not with Ellice!!!  she was very attentive, listened closely to what I wanted, and gave me everything that I needed. In addition to a wonderful parafin wax treatment for my hands while she cut my hair. What a thoughtful touch/bonus. She chatted with me the entire time, I felt right at home.  And, I walked out of the salon with a huge smile on my face, loved the colors, loved the cut, loved the style. Have never had my hair feel so wonderfully bouncy and stylish, I felt like a new person!!!She has been in Vegas for awhile, but just recently relocated from Henderson to her own salon. Don't hesitate, just go see her. You will NOT be disappointed.
5	The salon is clean and comfortable.  Elise is a wonderful hair stylist, master at color and "fixing" problems!  I had a horrible experience at another salon, my hair was so damaged -- Elise FIXED IT -- went from broken, green, with chunks missing to bouncy blond (shorter thanks to the other salon mistake) but the cut is so cute.  Will always be thankful I found such a talented stylist and such reasonable prices.  Definitely go... and you will be going back!
5	I just got my hair done by ELLICE last week and I'm in love with it the color is just what I wanted she took her time and was very professional and clean, she also aded layers to my extensions. The salon is very modern nice colors and very organized and clean ! I will deff be going be back to her to go lighter in a month.
5	AMAZING!!! The owners are so professional and kind! Great atmosphere and amazing hairstylists- you definitely get your money's worth here as they pay such close attention to detail!
5	Got my hair done again by Ellice. She is amazing and very professional. I moved here from SD, not trusting anybody with my hair. I came in for a cut and a wk later came in for a color. She listened to what I wanted and did exactly that. As long as I'm here in Vegas, Ellice is my girl!
5	What a great experience!!! I had my hair done by Ellice today and it looks great.  She did a fabulous job of my color and cut.  She was quite knowledgeable about many different new techniques.I have worked in the Spa and Salon industry for over a decade and worked all over North America and she was doing things that I had not seen before.  The salon is very clean and professional looking.  I had the best color and cut I have had in years if not EVER!  I will definitely be back and highly recommend this place!
5	Just got my hair done by ELICE, she is great at what she does!! Will definitely be back! The atmosphere in the salon is soo relaxing and pleasant.
5	When I usually get my hair dyed blonde it's super frizzy and unmanageable for a few days, but these ladies have a passion for hair and my hair has never felt smoother and more hydrated after a coloring. I had my hair done by Honey. She's laid back easy to talk to and can deliver. She explains what she's doing step by step and I feel like I'm more knowledgeable about my hair and what I can do to manage it. :) Thank you!!
5	This is my GO-TO salon for blow-outs! Ellice is amazing and really takes her time. Ellice's experience shines through and after she styles my hair, it stays throughout my day of multiple appearances and photoshoots.The salon is in a very convenient location (just off the 215 and Trop). Parking is super easy, with spaces right up front. The decor is clean and inviting, and all the staff I have interacted with are friendly.Thank you Ellice! See you soon! xoxo
5	I had the pleasure of receiving my lash extensions and brow/lip wax from Stacey! The service was in a private room with peaceful music and comfortable bed to lay on. Stacey did my waxing service first which was pleasant. The wax was the perfect temperature and she is quick and thorough. My lash service was next and it was such a great experience. I was relaxed the entire time and made great conversation with my lash artist. The salon is clean and polished along with the staff, who are professional and easy to talk to. I loved my experience with Stacey, I highly recommend her!!
5	I came to Ellice with a Groupon for a partial highlight and cut. I received way more than expected!  She not only does amazing hair, but she is such a genuine, sweet person.  I would recommend her to everyone!! Thanks Ellice for my beautiful hair and a beautiful conversation!  ;)  Hope to see you again soon!!!
5	If I could give a greater rating than 5, I would, in a heartbeat!Ellice, literally and figuratively, SAVED me on my wedding day.  After not ONE, but TWO local stylists cancelled on me at the last minute, she was able find an available appointment for me on one of the busiest days of the year (12/13/14).  She found time in her incredibly busy schedule, helped me to book long-distance, followed up with me multiple times, and was simply put, OUTSTANDING!She showed up on-time with her make-up artist, worked quickly, efficiently, and made me feel AMAZING on my wedding day!  My hair and make-up were exceptional, her prices were more than reasonable, and she was one of the NICEST human beings it has been my pleasure to meet in a while.  Thank you does NOT begin to cover it!  Truly one of the MOST exceptionally professional, thoughtful, and diligent stylists I've ever met in the beauty industry -- You saved my day!
5	Ellice is a delight, her professional relaxed manner leaves you looking forward to the next visit.  I have had the pleasure of knowing her as my stylist for 2.5 years now, I live in old Henderson and drive just to have her care for my hair ... and I mean CARE.  If you have a chance, go once ... you will be hooked, best stylist in Vegas with very reasonable rates.  Five star +++
2	Having relocated from NYC, maybe my standards are just too high for Vegas. I'm used to definitive answers, prompt service, and great value (contrary to popular belief, quality salon services are quite affordable in NYC if you know where to look due to the hyper competitive environment) and I just did not get that here.I made an appointment earlier this week to get my hair done today with Ellice after finding the salon on Groupon and reviewing the Yelp reviews on here. I noted I found them via Groupon and spoke with her on the phone about what I was looking to get done. She asked if I had purchased the Groupon yet and said "Oh, good!" when I told her I hadn't, then insisted I not purchase the Groupon, noting she would honor the price (to save herself the fees, of course--typically Groupon charges businesses 50% of the voucher price!). I obliged as I understand what it is like to own a business and have friends that own small businesses. She DID mention there may be a slight up charge if I have a lot of hair or very long hair but was very vague with the exact costs.When I got to the salon today, I sat down and she says the up charge would be either $20 or $40 yet could not give me a definitive answer as to which one despite a) looking at my hair in detail / feeling it and brushing it so she obviously knows the thickness and length and b) my asking repeatedly. First red flag there--an experienced stylist SHOULD be able to eyeball approximately how much color is needed if they see your hair in person. 1 tube extra or 2 tubes extra is a wide range and you should be able to narrow it down to approx. 1 tube or approx. 1.5-1.75 (aka 2 tubes). Also, it just seemed shady to me to begin with considering that in my 10+ years of getting my hair colored and highlighted at various salons in NYC, using Groupon deals the majority of the time, I have never once had to deal with an up charge and my hair was longer/thicker before I moved here (I had it layered to reduce the thickness and cut shorter a few months back).I mentioned that if it was $40 extra, it would not be worth it for me to take a risk on their services since it is my first time. Yes, I don't mind paying for quality but how do I know its quality if I've never tried it and everyone's hair is different? While she/they may be great at caucasian hair, they could totally butcher Asian hair (this has happened to me countless times before).Since I am taking a risk and looking for a new go-to salon now that I've relocated here, I noted I am willing to pay the extra $20 but not $40 as that would make the total more than what I would pay in NYC for a cut & color at my trusted stylists AND more than all the other local salons' REGULAR prices (I got quotes from 2 others with just as great/better reviews on Yelp) so in essence, I would not be getting any discount. Also, considering that I did not buy the Groupon per their request, they would be getting an extra $34.50 from me than they typically do from Groupon customers since they're not paying Groupon the 50% fee so if they were good business people and could do math, they would realize that they've more than recouped the "extra costs." My mother has owned a salon before so I know how much professional hair color costs and it sure as hell is nowhere near the $20 per tube they quoted, even if they use high end products.All in all, this business is just run very poorly and perhaps Ellice is a good stylist but management is not welcoming to new clients apparently. There are plenty of salons who will appreciate your business and are looking to attract new clients in Vegas so I would go elsewhere. Its one thing if you're marketing yourself as a high end salon and charging high end prices but this is a neighborhood salon, not the most convenient location, not the most high end, and offering a so-called "deal" on Groupon to attract new clients yet adding extra charges when you show up so that the "deal" is no longer a "deal"...just reminded me of my awful car buying experience and all the extra fees once they get you through the door! At the end of everything, I did not get my hair done with them as it appears to be a business/salon that wants to nickel & dime their customers more than they want new clients. They were completely unwilling to budge on capping the up charge even when I stated I would be fine with $20 (about 29% of the $69 groupon) if they could just cap it at that.2 stars instead of 1 for the fact that Ellice was friendly throughout the whole discussion/ordeal despite her manager / the owner's poor business development and customer service skills.Lastly, as a seasoned Yelper--I would caution you all to be wary of businesses with many reviews from individuals with a) less than 10 reviews and b) no photo(s) of themselves as oftentimes, friends & family write biased reviews.
