5	Intermix is FABULOUS! Having one (closer) to home is awesome. I've been to the store in New York and I was thrilled to find one in Vegas (located in the Forum Shops in Ceasar's.) I went in just to browse and came out with more than I intended. The SA I worked with here was Billie and she was fantastic. I never thought I'd say this, but she showed me some black/brown together that *gasp* looked good! I was shocked. They have great designers including Missoni, Stella McCartney and many others. Definitely some fabulous and unique items in here. I got the world's most fabulous belt that I can't wait to wear. I highly recommend it as well as the SA I worked with. Store is expensive but very much worth it.
5	Intermix is basically my personal hell.  I am SO glad we don't have one in San Francisco, at least yet.  The salesgirl told me they'll be opening one next year in downtown SF....I'll be saving up till then.I don't really know what Cynthia C. is talking about, because I received amazing service here.  Usually I find salespeople pesky and irritating; often recommending heinous crap that I'd never buy.  But, this girl was right on point.  Everything she brought me was surprisingly amazing-I'd have never picked it off the rack myself; and if I had an endless number in my bank account, I would have bought it all.  She was really knowledgeable about the fabrics and sizing of the different brands.  I bought way to much stuff and am still suffering because of it, but God DAMN I have a fabulous wardrobe!This store is both a dream and a nightmare; they have the most amazing, up to date stuff but you WILL be broke because of it.
5	This was my first time at Intermix and I loved it. I have been to Scoop many times, and I'd have to say Intermix has a multitude designer options and better lay out overall.  The staff was super friendly and helpful and they didn't just stand around looking like  permanent floor fixtures or act bitchy. Expect to leave the store with at least one item! I wish they would open a store up in SF.
3	During this past weekend, I had my first experience in Intermix.  I was surprised they sold Elizabeth & James, one of my favorite brands.  They basically sell stylish, trendy, and chic clothes, high-end brands, & shoes for young women.I visited the day after Christmas, so the sale they had was pretty insane.  They had about 4 rows of racks filled with lots, and lots of clothes on sale - and had the offer of purchase 3 sale items, get 25% off total purchase.  I bought a black Marley skirt and this awesome draping tank top; and my mother bought a pair of sweats on sale which retailed $150.The customer service was friendly.  We were in that store for approximately 3 hours, and never once did she keep coming and bugging us if we were still doing okay, like all those other sales who keep their beady little eyes on you.It's a cool store, but without the sales, way too overpriced.
4	Great customer service.I bought a dress there that was more than 70% off and the service was extremely warm and helpful.I discovered a stain on the sleeve the next day and was fully refunded. The sales associate explained that the stain was actually a from sunlight since the dress is on the manequin from their other location.Gretat products and exceptional customer service!
4	LOVE this place.  Always has a cute selection (though often out of my price range).  But watch out for their sales, makes it very dangerous.  On this trip, a whole wall of sale items - an extra 50% off!  Crazy!  Crazy awesome that is!Sales staff was very helpful and attentive.  Very please with my experience.
4	I like intermix a lot, because they always have a nice selection, good sales and helpful sales people.  As much as I love this store, I feel like it's hit or miss every time I come (buy a little or a lot).The store carries a variety of brands including D&G, Joie, DVF, Joie and Helmut Lang to name a few.  They seem to have items that I don't' find many other places.  I always leave feeling like I have picked up a unique piece that I love having in my wardrobe.The service has always been great.  Despite how busy Cesar's can get I feel someone always helps me with sizes etc.  Even better they don't get pissy when you dont' buy a lot.  I have always been happy with my shopping experience here (better than the NYC store).
5	One of my favorite places to shop. Located in the Fourm Shops on The Strip, it has a very "boutique" feel to it. The last time I was in here Lauren Conrad was shopping as well. You know a place is good if this fashionista is here. A lot of the tops are very blousy, which I love. You can find an outfit for any occasion here. The staff is always very accommodating and helpful. It almost like they're personal shoppers, they really help you put together outfits. 5 stars!
5	Hands down, the BEST place for me in Vegas. They combine high and low price points, and this is honestly the one-stop shop for me (besides Barney's). Definitely the place to hit up if you DON'T want to look like the rest of the crowd at Marquee or Pure! Bebe dresses are nice LOL.... but I'd much rather be rocking anything from here instead. Oh, and if you're looking for Free City Sweats (not Free People, they have that on the 3rd floor at Anthropologie), they have them here in all the flavors!
