5	I've been coming here since I was 19 and in need of a massage.  Back then, they were located in this itty bitty building shared with "The Curve" diner.  I'm still amazed that you couldn't hear the noise from the diner inside of Kneaded Relief.  It was such a quiet, cute little place with an amiable staff.Over the years, I've continued to come here for massages and bikini waxes.  They've continued to be wonderful in terms of service, as well as their services being offered at a reasonable rate.They have now moved into a HUGE building in Fitchburg.  I've been there once, and wow, what a different experience from all the other times in the old building!  You get a big, fluffy bathrobe and get to lounge around in it in a pretty, sunshiney room full of water, fruit and magazines.  They move you from that room to your service room.  After my massage, the masseuse asked me if I wanted to spend more time in that first relaxy room!  I had to decline, but how nice is that??Ah, Kneaded Relief.  I love you still.  :)
2	I've experienced several spa services at Kneaded Relief and I just can't justify the cost compared with other spas around town.  The prices of their massages and waxes are higher than what I am used to for similiarly skilled talent in Madison.  It's a lovely environment, but I can't help but feel like I'm paying a bit too much.
3	Great waxing!
5	This places is probably hands down on of the best places to get a massage in Madison! The masseuse applied just the right amount of pressure and worked all the knots out of my body!!Following up the massage with a steam shower with euca;yptus oil was the perfect way end the session. I'd definitely recommend this place if you'r looking for a great massage!!
3	My review is based on one visit, but I did have "the sampler" which included a few services.  I was very happy with my services except for the paraffin hand dip.  The employee didn't seem too happy when I asked to wait until the burning hot wax had cooled a bit.  I did think the services were a good value for the price.I thought the facilities were nice though not on par with higher-end hotel spas.  The spa was nearly empty when I was there on a Saturday afternoon, which surprised me.The employees were very nice and friendly.  The aesthetician was almost too friendly.  She was a little over the top with encouraging me to return and hugging me good bye.  Overall, I'd say 3.5 stars.
5	Went in for a massage after I was severely let down at massage envy a week prior.  I received really nice service and a fair price. I had Erica and she was really nice and got rid of a lot of the tightness in my neck.  The establishment is very nice and filled with pleasant things. The big winner for Me was hot towels on my back to loosen up the muscles. Would go again any time I can. Be sure to call well ahead. Even with several rooms and techs they book quickly even during weekdays.
4	I've been going there for a few months now.  I've been seeing Mary for my massage on a monthly basis and I love her.  She's so sweet and made me feel so comfortable from the second I met her.  She gives a fabulous massage.  Because I'm a hairstylist I get a lot of tension in my shoulders and the day after my massage I can really feel the difference.  Every time I see Mary she always asks if there's anything special she can do, any specific area's to focus on.  She doesn't assume I always have the same problems.  I haven't had any other massage therapists there, so I can only recommend Mary.I also had a Spa Pedicure with Rae.  She was also very sweet.  She made sure the water temperature was comfortable, she helped me select a polish color and didn't mind stopping to get me a different color 15 minutes into my service when I changed my mind... because it can be a hard decision!  She did a great job shaping my toenails, my biggest pet peeve is when they cut them too short (I have small toenails so I like a little length left) and she left them the perfect length.      I'm not a big talker when I go to these services, since I work with people every day I like just relaxing and reading a magazine during my service and Rae didn't push me to talk to her like some nail techs do.  She offered conversation in the beginning, asked me how I was doing, offered magazines, made small talk but then backed off and allowed me to do my own thing.This place is rather pricey, which is why I only gave 4 stars instead of 5.  But you can sign up for emails on services that are sometimes 20% off.  I would say the services are worth the cost.
5	I've been here twice now, once for a massage and once for a wax, and both times it was exceptional. The masseuse was fantastic and gave me pointers and stretches to do regularly to ease the knotting and tension in my back after the amazing massage, and the esthetician I saw made me more comfortable than I ever thought I could be in such a situation. The relaxation retreat is so much nicer than just waiting in a waiting room, with music and tea and a beautiful view to help you relax a bit. I will definitely be going back regularly! Also, if you sign up for the emails they send out 3 times a week, you can save a bunch of money, sometimes 25% off, which is lovely.
1	We had bought each other the double massage and steam room on a weekend, we were very excited and hugely disappointed.  The attendent told us that the steam room had hot parts that were very dangerous, it was dark, and you couldn't see where the dangerous parts were, one of us opted out immediately, the other stayed in and barely got out.  The heat was turned way, way up and there was no way to control it.  She had said that the shower was cold, but it was actually cold and hot, so I burned myself on that.  But I did miss whatever the dangerous hot part was.  We were supposed to have the double massage room to privately wait in when the service was described to us, but instead it was occupied.  So we were in the public waiting room and I was uncomfortable, because I am larger and my robe was too small.  The attendant kept insisting it fit me when it clearly didn't.   So I am in a public place with mixed sexes, unsure my robe closes and so warm from the steam room of death, I am starting to feel sick.  We then waited for 45 mintues, the deal had been a 20 minute steam room with hour massages, so I don't know why we had this long wait.  We had carefully picked out people to do our masages, one had quit by the time we got there.  The other one, who I had picked, insisted that she was working on my partner, not me.At that point, we were done.  We left, the owner was supposed to call us, and he never did.We wasted an incredible amount of money for nothing.  My partner said that the whole place was creepy, I was intially taken in by the new age hype, don't be.
1	WARNING: do not try to go to this spa if you believe women should have the right to make decisions about their own body!This spa requires a note from my doctor to have a prenatal massage - which my doctor will not provide since being required to tell a spa about my medical condition violates some of the HIPAA law. I offered to sign a waiver, but apparently a pregnant woman is not capable of making decisions for herself. I will never frequent this spa - even after I have the baby which is unfortunate as I love spas and just recently moved to the area.In response to the owner: I have gotten prenatal massages at several spas, many nationally recognized, that do not require the note. They trust me to discuss my health with my physician and make an informed decision. Requiring a note demonstrates a paternalistic attitude, showing a belief that pregnant women can't be trusted to talk to their health providers on their own and make sound decisions.
5	Nichol & Duke at Kneaded Relief have a great business and a great staff.  I've gotten massages, wax treatments, shellac manicures, pedicures, and even a fitness class at Kneaded Relief.  Every experience has been a great one- I'm glad I live so close to them because I'll be visiting them for years to come.  :)  Their massage therapists are talented and attentive, and I've had a handful of aestheticians who have all been wonderful as well.  I highly recommend them!
