5	This is a large practice with several doctors.  I called around to many offices but wait times at other places werae several days.  Here I was sble to get an appointment for the next day, which was great.  I saw Dr. Alfreda, who is really nice and personable. He spent quite some time with me and was very thorough.  I am really happy that I found this practice!
1	I have been going to this office for a few years, and for some reason I have never thought to review them on yelp. Weird.Anyway, the front office staff is friendly enough. I can usually get an appointment within a day or 2. I was unique with some of the paperwork I had to provide for my school, and the office was always extremely accomodating with short notice or allowing me to pick up a note without an appointment, or just calling up and explaining what the school needed and they would call me when it was readt, etc etcI recommend Dr. Whipple. He is super nice. He spends time with you to answer all your questions. And, being a nurse, I find him thorough. There have, also, been a few times where I asked for a certain test to be done, and he will order it.I, also, like that there are some things done onsite, which is convenient...such as X-rays and ultrasounds.The negatives for me are they weigh you in the hallways out in front of everyone. And, I just feel like, for a lot of people, this might be something they want to keep private. They, also, close early on Fridays...I think at 3:30p.Also, the last time I was there I left a class an hour early so I would be on time and arrived at 3:15 for a 3:30 appointment. I did not get called to the exam room until 4:30. Then I waited another 30 minutes for the doctor to actually see me. I didn't end up leaving until 5:30. I had to cancel dinner reservations for 6:30 because of this. And, NO ONE apologized. Totally unacceptable. I was beyond irritated. What was weird is there were only  of us waiting to be seen by various docs...so it wasn't like they were crazy busy.Lastly, pray you never need your medical records because Jacqueline in that department will do everything in her power to not give them to you. I called on April 1st and faxed my signed request. I got no response for a week, so I called to get a status update. I was told my request was never received even though I had my successful fax confirmation. I refaxed my request on April 22 then called to confirm it was received. I tried explaining that I was working with a deadline from my insurance company, and because my 1st request allegedly wasn't received, now I had even less time. For whatever reason, this passed Jacqueline off. I honestly can't think of another instances where someone was this mean on the phone...seemingly for no reason. It was indicated to me in so many words, that because she could make me wait, she would make me wait. As of May 13...still no records. Thanks, Jacqueline!!
3	I have been going here for several years to Dr. Whipple, he is a great thorough, friendly Doctor. The staff however is not as friendly, and waiting time is about an hour to an hour and a half. Trying to get the nurse to call you back is a joke too, so that's why I only give it 3 stars.
5	I had a laser hair removel treatment from Tisha Sudah here.  She was AMAZING! She took her time and I had no pain or discomfort at all, unlike other places/techs I have gone to.   I can't recommend her enough and the prices are very very reasonable.  Beats those other places that advertise just Laser Hair Removal and then give you a quote that is out of this world crazy expensive!   Thanks Tisha!
5	Dr. Thomas Alfreda is seriously, the best. When my allergic reaction this week became severe he took me in at the last minute instead of the next available appointment and he had me in and out of the office with very little waiting. He said to call if anything becomes worse and when it did, he was available right away and was very clear on the phone of what steps to take next. It's been almost a week and I am half way there! Sadly reactions take time to heal but he surely has me being healed! Thank you Dr.Alfreda for pretty much saving my life!
1	I purchased a laser hair removal package, for 6 treatments on 4 areas.  Great price, very friendly staff.  Experienced several occasions of trying to call in and spending a considerable amount of time on hold, a few times being disconnected and having to go back into the Que. for an additional lengthy hold.  I've worked for a doctor's office before, and I know that phones can be overwhelming and this office offers a LOT of services, and therefor a LOT of patients, also they close at noon on Fridays, and if you try to call any later than 11:30am, good luck reaching anyone.My first 3 treatments on all 4 areas produced NO results.  I've had family members have these procedures done and I know my hair is darker than theirs, although not super dark for any of us.  Their treatments (from different providers) were completely successful within 1 or 2 treatments.  I mentioned that I didn't feel like I was seeing results, and was just told my hair was too light in pigment, no offer for solution.  The aesthetician that did the majority of my treatments (Tisha, mentioned in several previous posts) was no longer employed there for what would be my 4th treatment, so the office manager, Sharon, took over.  She made me feel very comfortable and definitely knows what she's talking about.  I mentioned to her as well that it didn't seem to be effective for me.  She, unlike Tisha, offered to raise the energy level of the laser and for the first time I saw some results.Now, up to this point I'd say they had certainly earned a 3 star rating, possibly 4 star based on their recovery of issues that came up along the way.  HOWEVER-Due to some truly alarming shoddy medical record keeping, the office somehow managed to document that I had been there and received 3 treatments in total that I DID NOT RECEIVE.  Even when talking with the office manager, and explaining that they had documented dates for cancelled appointments and recorded them as having treatments received (several documented treatments being only 1-2 weeks apart due to a schedule and reschedule) and knowing that all the treatments were recommended to be scheduled 4-6 weeks apart, they made no attempt to reconcile their record keeping errors.So it's a GOOD thing I got a ridiculously low price for these treatments.My suggestion: keep impeccable records on your own for when you've been in for actual appointments, and check back regularly if you've ever needed to reschedule to make sure their MEDICAL RECORDS are accountable and accurate.Completely absurd that an office that handles actual medical patients, not just cosmetic procedures, could have such sloppy record keeping habits.BEWARE.
2	Dr Whipple is a really good doctor, but unless you're retired and have all day to go to appointments, you might want to find another doctor.  You will never wait less than 1.5 hours, and the staff is less than friendly.
4	Not really going to review my care but will say I am a patient and I will continue to go here.
1	The doctors are good but the office staff is very unprofessional. I have been waiting for 2 months for them to get my prescription approved. I have been calling one to two times per week to no avail. Most times I am told someone will get back to me by the end of the day. However, nobody ever calls. Once I got a hold of someone, The office kept blaming the insurance company so I called them only to find out they hadn't received a request for the medication.long story short if this is how they treat their patients you might not want to trust this place with your health.
5	I have seen Dr. Robert Whipple for many years.  If you need a knowledgeable,  experienced, most caring professional doctor,  come see him. He's not your average doctor, he won't be afraid to treat your health issues the way doctor's should. He's the best
5	Great friendly staff that care and I am so grateful to find this place. I would recommend anyone looking for a good doctor to come here and see Dr. Alfreda. He is a great doctor who cares about his patients.
2	Meh.. Not outstanding, not a great environment , not great staff. Dr Ghadishah is friendly enough and does take time to listen. Wait time is unacceptable (90 mins).Very average....
1	TERRIBLE!!!! The wait time is unsatisfactory and the staff is miserable. Perhaps the staff members are miserable because Dr Alfreda is scamming the elderly and hard working individuals out of their hard earned money. I went to Dr Alfreda because I saw good reviews online and I was looking for a new primary care doctor. I waited 45 minutes to see Dr Alfreda and when I finally did meet him, he was in a rush and performed a routine physical evaluation. He looked in my ear and said I had a small amount of wax, he then proceeded to take it out of my ear which took about 10 seconds and is a job a q-tip could have easily performed. One month later I received a bill for $75.00 for this so-called procedure. What a total scam!!!
5	Dr. Thomas Alfreda is one of the most kind physicians I have ever encountered. He doesn't always let me have my way, but we collaborate on my care. I trust him with the care of my loved ones and myself. Sometimes I have to wait a little bit, but it is to be expected in a very busy practice, and there have been times he worked me in when I really needed to be treated, and perhaps someone else had to wait that time--it all works out. He uses good clinical judgement and does what is right for the patient.
5	Dr. Thomas Alfreda is very professional & has a fabulous bedside manner.  He puts patients at ease.  His knowledge is impressive, & if he isn't sure, he will research for needed information, often right there during your visit.  If it takes longer, Dr. Alfreda does indeed get back to you, personally.   Dr. Alfreda is attentive & a good listener, as well as accessible.  He does his best to treat your whole person, not just current symptoms.  There are staff members, though, that do leave a little to be desired. However, if Dr. Alfreda is aware of the problem, he will go to great measures to correct the situation to the best of his ability.   I feel truly blessed that he is my physician!  I trust him completely with my care & the care of my loved ones!
4	Had an appointment today at 3:30 and was asked to come in at 3 to fill out paperwork because I am a new patient. I showed up at 3:04, filled the paper work and was done with the paperwork @ about 3:20. Then was seen at 3:50. After taking my pulse ox and bp, the doctor actually came to see me at 3:55. Overall, dr ghadishah was prompt and polite.
4	I have been here many times for check ups and other things and I have read some of the reviews about long waits and then long waits in the patient area waiting for the doctor too. And I don't believe people are as assertive as they should be. I'm not saying be rude or bitchy, I'm saying be clear. In the 20 times or so that I've been there, I only had to wait past my appointment once. And at ten minutes past my appointment time I walked up and told them nicely that my time is just as scheduled as theirs and if we agree on an appointment time we need to stick to it. I was called in as quickly as I pointed out the delay. And only once while in the exam room did I get up to look for my doctor. I'll wait only 15 minutes before looking to be seen. When Dr G came in, I just explained to him (politely btw) that my day is based on appointments too and I always plan on leaving within two hours. I mean that's pretty patient don't you think? Two hours is plenty of time. Since then all my appointments have been wonderful. I arrive 20 minutes before my appointment and I get to the exam room by my scheduled time and Dr. G comes in within 15 minutes. He's great, he listens and always ask for samples of the prescription he's given you. It will save you $$$.As for the staff, well I think it can also depend on your own personality, I mean I am pretty outgoing plus if I have any concerns I speak my mind....pleasantly btw. I have gotten to know them and they're pretty good people who have a job to do that requires lots of people. Sometimes "you" just need to prod them a little.Now I referred my wife's friend to this office and she felt uneasy because they tried to "up-sale" her with products. Why did she feel uneasy? Is saying "no thank you" that stressing? For me, I feel pretty comfortable when I'm there and have no issues talking to my doctor. I think sometimes people have blinders on and don't realize there are others to be seen too. We are all important, therefore deserve to be seen when scheduled. And if you aren't, speak up. You don't have to be rude you just have to speak up.
4	I love Dr. Whipple he is always attentive and takes the time to listen to my concerns.  He really cares about his patients. The only bad side is that there usually is a long wait time but when isn't there at a doctors office. The wait is worth it. His staff is always very pleasant as well.
