4	Absolutely delicious and a great addition to little Italy! This restaurant specializes in meatballs in all kinds of different flavors and sizes. Their meatball Poutine (polpoutine I believe) a traditional Poutine with tiny meatballs in it, was a great starter and the tiny meatballs were well seasoned and tender... Will definitely go back and try more of their stuff!
4	As good as it gets ! Food was amazing. I had the ceasar salad, tandoori meatballs & risotto.The price is very reasonable & the drinks are very generous. Will be back soon.
4	Finally got around to trying this pretty spot in my neighbourhood, located just on the corner of the Parc de la Petite Italie, across the street from Triple Crown Dinette. The food was simple but fresh and tasty, we tried the beef and tomato meat balls, the onion bhaji, the mushroom risotto, and the brussels sprouts with pear. The risotto and the meatballs were super delicious, really nice flavours, well cooked, I will crave this and go back for it plus a glass of wine any time. The beer list was limited to like 4 and not much on it that I like, but the wine and cocktails offered an interesting and affordable selection. The room is very pretty, warm and well laid-out with a few picnic tables outside, and the staff were friendly, quick and well informed about the food. This place is like an updated family restaurant and a great addition to the neighbourhood.
4	First time we came here we were blown away. Great food, great service and really close by. We shared everything and it was all tasty and really well priced, especially for a restaurant with such a nice feel and atmosphere. The risotto is simply amazing, but tastes more like a rice version of mac and cheese. Let it be known. Also, the raita had dill in it, which is not a traditional herb in raita. Not liking dill, I feel they should have labeled it as a dill raita. The last two times we went, the food just wasn't as good as our first visit. However, service and cocktails were still excellent and we're definitely going to go back to give it another shot.
3	Love this little spot in the Mile-ex. Foods really good. I had the gazpacho, risotto and a few of the balls yum! The only thing that ruined my night and worth taking a star off was the place has no AC! I was coming from work with my shirt, jacket, long pants, socks and shoes! Had I been in a t-shirt, shorts and flip flops I could've bared it much better! Not a summertime place recommended for business clients at al ! Besides that, I would for sure go back... flip flops and all!ps, heads-up to the owners: I like that you're serving cocktails in regular glasses, but when you order a dirty martini and it looks like a shot you kind of feel cheated! cheers
4	The Ballpark! One of my friends has been raving about this place for many months and I finally had the chance to go myself!Well I will say one thing first. The main courses are mostly meatballs, but the appetizers and side dishes are an eclectic mix that leaves me quite surprised!We started off with an appetizer course of calamari. Now I relatively new to calamari, I would say in the last three years, but this is hands down some excellent fried calamari. The batter is just perfect and well seasoned and the calamari itself is cooked proper, not overly chewy. We also had a beet salad, which was quite good but very hard to such up! I am not sure what green they used, which while good, had stems which made it unwieldy.Meatball wise, I was lucky to be in a large group and as such we ordered all of them. We ordered the 7 available that night and we were white stuffed at the end! It's all a lite bit of a food black out but I will say in particular that I liked the meatball with blue cheese. For the other preparations, most were excellent and a couple were only good, which is still pretty alright!Special side note for the delicious tempura veggies!! These were hands down some pretty delicious tempura items. I think they have the whole frying thing figured out what with the calamari and the tempura and they should expand it!If you go with meatballs take the tomato and cheese side dish, it is an appreciated side!
4	Great food with a great priceVery fun place.  The food is very good as is the service.  The fried calamari is excellent.  Not too greasy and the batter is just perfect.  The French of ion soup was very good.  The Cesar salad was good.We shared 3 orders of meatballs: buttered chicken, bahji (didn't spell this right), and the tomato ones.  All excellent!Dessert consisted of an ice cream sandwich which was ice cream between 2 chocolate chip cookies.  Very yummy.This place is worth going.
