3	With the large amount of sporty 'old man' pubs on Easter Road, I was pretty excited when this place opened up as a gastropub.We finally found time to head along and try it out a few weeks ago.  There was a pub quiz on so it was pretty busy and we had to sit at the bench in the window, which was fine. The stools were a bit high so made eating slightly awkward, but alas! The atmosphere was very laid back and chill.The pizza's are BOGOF if you buy two drinks, so we decided to check them out. The mister had a black pudding & egg pizza which was delicious! I had a chorizo & something pizza which wasn't really anything to write home about. We were sat next to two American girls who'd been in the night before and said the pear(?) salad was amazing, although the soup they had the night before wasn't fantastic. So I think the pub may be struggling a bit with consistency when it comes to food. But they are fairly new still, so hopefully all these things will get ironed out.Looked like a good selection of beers and spirits. Something to please everyone.  Nicely decorated.Would definitely head back for a drink... verdict is still out on the food tho. Might give them another chance, but not in any hurry.
4	The mash tun is an immeasurable improvement over the old Utopia! The food is fantastic as well. 2 pizzas for the price of 1 with 2 drinks. This is Dominos style deals but these pizzas scream quality. The prices are very reasonable! Highly recommended!Also try the Cullin Skink!
4	Just been in for the first time. So much better than the previous incarnation.  It's now probably the best pub on Easter Road. Long overdue! Well done guys.
4	The Mash Tun is a fantastic local to have, we're lucky that we only live round the corner from it (literally, it's at the end of our street). It's welcoming, with a mixture of old man locals and a younger crowd, plus the staff have always got a great selection of tunes on.The food is of a pretty high standard, as pub grub goes. The menu has changed slightly recently (my favourite pizza has gone, oh no!), but is still good quality. There are lunch options, sandwiches (I recommend the fish goujons one, like a fish finger sarnie but classy), burgers, pizzas and other standard fare like steak pie. Plus daily specials. You can get even more value for money if you're savvy enough to snap up one of their deals. A burger and a beer for a tenner on Mondays, 2-for-1 fajitas on Tuesday, two steaks and a bottle of red (and it was a really good steak) on Thursdays and 2-for-1 pizzas when you buy two drinks all week. Excellent. During the summer they had Prosecco Fridays too, but I'd guess that as the weather turns that one will be wheeled back in the cupboard til next year.The Mash Tun also often hosts tap takeovers by Leith locals Pilot Brewery (there's one just now), with a 'Meet the brewer' event to kick each one off. Plus a pub quiz league on a Wednesday and regular football matches on the big screen.I wouldn't say that I'd necessarily go out of my way to come here if I lived on the other side of Edinburgh, but if you're in the Easter Road area and in need of a pint and a bite, then make The Mash Tun your destination.
4	We picked up this place for watching the World Cup opening this year. The place was pretty full we stood by the bar till a table was free. Service was top notch, there is an amazing variety of beers with some special ones written up on their blackboard, we tried several different ones and enjoyed pretty much all of them.Unfortunately when we decided to order something from the kitchen, it was too late and closed but we went there in another day for watching another match and we all decided to order some pizzas, they have a promotion when 2 pizzas are ordered you pay only half on the second one. We LOVED it, thin crispy crust, lovely!My favorite one was with spinach, cheese and an egg in the middle, everything with egg is better, I think this one was called Fiorentina, smtg like that!The less favorite was the vegetarian haggis one, it lacked on flavor compared to the other ones.Service was very good too, great place to go for some nice beers and pizza with friends.
