4	Was at the Galleria yesterday doing some spring shopping and grabbing a few items for work/home and I stopped into one of my favorite sporting shops: Dick's!  Haha, on a serious note, Dick's carries a wide variety of sporting goods; both small and big market items, for great prices.  They offer price matching and are competitive with your local Sports Authority and Big 5 shops.  Although, I don't find myself shopping at the Galleria as often as I use to I still enjoy browsing through Dick's Sporting Goods for my fitness gear.
4	I love going to dicks. This is the first one I have seen on the west coast. Better atmosphere then big 5 and a more knowledgeable staff then sports authority. And a wider range of outdoor sports.
4	Huge two floor store at the end of the Galleria Mall equipped with just about everything you need for your physical activities- clothing for adults & children (all in one section) by Adidas, Nike, Reebok, The North Face, etc.- whether it be for the snow, pool, yoga, running, or the gym, shoes, camping/hunting gear, fitness equipment like treadmills, bikes, etc., and recreational tables like ping pong, you are bound to find it here. (I also went here in the summer time and the swimming accessories (training paddles) were a tad on the sparse side, though. But I am guessing that since it's a seasonal item, it's bound to happen.) The regular price on clothing is a little high, but one expects that since this is a specialty store. However, there were numerous clothing racks sprinkled around with clearance prices- some were still a bit high, but others were reasonable (ie. women's adidas pants for $13.97). Non-clearance sale item signs were clear- accompanying the items (ie. women's reebok active fleece @ $25).The dressing rooms (2) blended into the clothing sections (grey painted doors) BTW.When we went there a few nights ago, there was a lot of cleaning (vacuuming) so I know that it's maintained. Most of the sections that I looked at, seemed to be in an arranged order. There were many employees on the floor to assist you. We asked where the recreational section was- (downstairs across from spring/summer active wear- winter wear is upstairs). It seems like this type of store is slowly becoming a dying breed (The Sports Authority on Sahara/Decatur closed some years ago) as some Wal-Mart and Target stores have a steady inventory of fitness related items (but then again, nothing like what Dick's Sporting Goods has- possibly the largest sports store here, surpassing Big 5, which doesn't have everything BTW). If we're on this side of town (Henderson) at this mall, we'll stop by. It's always nice to browse, especially a huge store like this.
3	I like Galyand's better, but Dick's is not bad.
4	Dick's has the best selection of sports equipment in town! It's large, impersonal, and often overwhelming, however, their prices and selection are hard to beat. Lately I've been shopping for cute golf clothes for women. They had by far the best selection and crazy amazing prices (most items were $20-$30 compared to the $50-$60 nearly everywhere else!). If you're willing to trade customer service for selection, Dick's is a worthy stop when shopping for sporting goods.
5	I am not sure if it is every location, or just this one, but the staff here is GREAT! Even when we stop in and don't see a friend of ours, the rest of the staff is very helpful and friendly, making suggestions that aren't just bigger sales, but honest suggestions.We have been making a semi-frequent stop in lately, as we are getting ready for a race, the cashiers are sure to help a large number of customers each day, but they remembered us and had a genuine sense of enjoying their jobs.The prices are competitive, for quality goods as well. Heading back when we need to pick something up.
4	Store isn't the same since the climbing rock wall closed.  It is nicely stocked with camping and sporting equipment, spacious, spread out and the staff friendly.  It's a two story facility so there is plenty of areas to explore, I was surprise to see the prices of the treadmills, they have the best of the best for those prices. Other items seem reasonably priced.
4	It seems every time I come into this store I snag an amazing deal. They tend to offer some great sale prices on a pretty regular basis.I am on a fitness kick and setting myself up a mini home gym and they have the best selection of gym equipment in Vegas.And they also have some really nice people working there who are very helpful when you have a question.
2	This is my main spot for all sports clothing and accessories. The selection, prices, and sales are always good. But obviously, there's a reason for my two stars. I went through my bank records, and online purchases, and I've spent close to about $5,000 at dick's and this past weekend, dick's lost this business from me. I'm an avid golfer. I golf about 3-4 times a week and put a lot of money into my equipment and into my game in general. Yesterday (8/12/2012), a friend of mine and I go to test some new clubs to improve his game and I wanted to test out some drivers. There were two gentlemen handling the golf section on a day that was pretty quiet. No shoppers in the golf section (a few in the shoe area), no one else wanting to demo clubs, and one of the employees (the old guy) was testing out a new putter on the putting green while closely watching the final round of the PGA championship on their televisions. I asked the older guy to demo some new Taylormade irons. I hit about 6 shots, and my friend stepped up and hit about 3 shots. Their shot technology was good, and demo area was nice. I then asked to demo the new Cobra AMP driver that was directly infront of me in a demo bag. The older guy frowned, and said "Well a couple more guys and we'll wrap it up." I was in shock, my entire golf set costs nearly $3000 and I was demoing a club that costs $250 and was told that I can only hit a few more, before I even hit the damn club! I put down the club and said, "with that remark, I don't need to hit this driver."  I asked, "Well there's no one else waiting to demo clubs and am I not a serious customer to you?" He said, "Well I just have a few things going on here that needs to be taken care of." Says the guy, who when we walked up was watching TV and putting on the their practice area. I'm sorry, but isn't this guy's job to sell me clubs? And let me demo as much as I please to make a $300 decision? I felt incredibly disrespected and completely judged. I spoke with the store manager, and I'll never go back here and I hope that guy learned a lesson on how to treat a customer he knows nothing about.
4	good location wish it was a little easier to get to but what can you do. Good selection and good service.
4	After futile attempts of searching for a Saucony's Kinvara 3 shoes at Champs, Foot Locker and Finish Line, about to give up, I pointed to Dick's Sporting Goods and said to my bf, "Let's check out Dick's."  So glad I did because voila, they have the Kinvara 3 that I have been searching for.  There were not many color selection, but based on the online search, Saucony's are not known for their good color profile.  I decided on the bubble gum pink and made the purchase.  The attendants were very helpful in helping me chose the right size for me.  I don't even recall any of the staff over at Champs, Foot Locker, or Finish Line asking me if I need help. They also have a rewards program where signing up for that scorecard is free, and for every 300 pts earned (one point is earned for every dollar spent), members get $10 reward.
3	Decent location and nice array of items - although everything that I was looking for wasn't here. However, there were plenty of things I wasn't looking for that I actually found. Area was nicely setup and everyone was friendly.
3	Alas, I found a place to by my ammo after two failed attempts. Once at Walmart and once at Sport Chalet. Dick's is a big store with a lot of stuff. It reminds me of Bass Pro Shop in a way. But it fails where Bass Pro excells. I waited at the counter in the guns and ammo area. Their ammo is not in the open as it is at Bass Pro. I had to wait for an employee to come over. When he did, I asked for a box of .38 Special ammo from Remington.  He pointed to a rifle and asked if that is what I was talking about. I don't know if he simply misunderstood me or if Dick's staff is uneducated about the products they sell. Either way it was frustrating.  At least I got my ammo. It's just too bad that it took me so long I missed my opportunity to shoot.
3	One of my favorite sporting goods store is Dick's Sporting Goods.  Not many in California and not many here in Las Vegas.  So, I'm finding myself driving a ways just to get to one.  You can compare a Dick's to Sports Authority, but I tend to find what I'm looking for here.  Usually come here for Under Armour and Nike clothing for my workouts.  It's ironic that I can usually find what I'm looking for here over the actual Nike and Under Armour Stores.  Plus, this location is a pretty big size with two levels. My only issue is their customer service.  My first 3 times I've been here, I received zero customer service.  Seems like I always have to reach out to an employee even though there's plenty standing around just talking to each other.  I know what I want when I go to a sporting goods store, but when I need to try something on I need someone to unlock the dressing rooms.  Would be nice for once if I didn't have to go all the way to the front and always ask for someone.  So on my last visit I didn't expect customer service to be any better.  In fact, I asked someone to unlock the dressing rooms before I even started my shopping because I knew what I would have to go through.  Bought a couple of white workout tanks on my last visit and the cashier made a comment that I am buying "wife beaters".  Seriously, people still talk that way? Kind of a sterotype in my opinion.  I give this place 4 stars for selection and 2 stars for service.  Overall rating is a 3, especially since I know I will be back to eventually buy something.
1	My review of the store itself:The place was nice and clean with a huge selection. The prices ranged from reasonable to "what the f***? They're selling a shirt for HOW much?" Pretty much any sport or outdoor activity you can think of they can supply at- questionable- prices. There is almost NO ONE working there though. The place is two stories and we had to look around to find ONE person working there. When asked why no one was around the girl responded, "well tonight's our stock night and there's only 4 of us working." Four people working in a store two stories tall, working as both associates and stock? What the heck man?MY EXPERIENCE WITH FIREARMS!!!This has been the absolute most horrible purchasing experience of my life. First off, let me state that I was there to buy a firearm so I can only credibly speak for that portion of the store (though their prices on other merchandise seemed rather steep). It is also worth noting that I called before I left for the store EVERY SINGLE TIME and asked as I left "is this all I need to know, is this all I need to sign, etc." EVERY TIME.I've always wanted a rifle, simply for marksmanship- nothing fancy, and finally decided I deserved to treat myself to one. I found, what seemed to be, the perfect gun for me: Savage Arms 93r17 (for those of you in the know it's a small gun, slightly larger than a .22). The store is a pretty good distance from my house and my girlfriend and I share a car so we could only go at specific times between her getting off work and them closing.The first night I went there they ran a background check, I filled out paperwork and I was missing some information, so I had to go back the next day. Fine. The second day I went back and some young kid was working the guns. This was to be my first rifle and I asked him every question in the book to which he sort of gave me one word answers. He even kept going back and forth on the safety, telling me the safety was on when it was not (there is a giant S engraved and a big red dot, impossible to miss!). This will turn into a novel if I quote the entire conversation but needless to say I asked very many gun safety, laws, and operating questions with which I was met with "uh-huh, yep, yeah" responses. The kid then sold me the WRONG cleaning kit. Had I used the kit it would have damaged my rifle severely. He also told me I was ready to go to the range out the door, WRONG! Cleaning, lubrication and maintenance are important. I later even spoke to the manager about his behavior (i didn't know his name because the kid wasn't wearing a name tag) and he told me that he was under "disciplinary action." WHAT DOES THAT EVEN MEAN?! When I worked retail, the MOMENT you did something wrong you got FIRED. My magazine was also defective but that is more the manufacturers fault than the store's. The next day I called up and spoke to the same manager to complain about the cleaning kit (he repeated the disciplinary action bull s***). He said to come on in and talk to- for the sake of not using real names let's call him Jeff. He assured and reassured me that this Jeff was his go-to guy for firearms and knew everything and anything. I got to Jeff and another, more knowledgeable salesman was there too. As I was asking my questions Jeff absolutely did not know how to answer them. The other salesman was egging him on with, "go ahead, explain it to him, answer his question," in a joking fashion. Realizing he was out of his league Jeff just sort of wandered off and the other salesman helped me proficiently. About a week later I get a call from them telling me I needed to come back down and sign some paperwork, backdating some of my signatures for ATF (which I'm sure is illegal but I just did what I was told) because they messed up and would get in trouble with ATF. So as I called I talk to the same manager telling him I would be there in a few minutes and he directly said he would be there waiting for me. The moment I enter what do I hear? "Oh, you JUST missed him." ARGG!So I deal with a different manager who had me sign some papers and offered me a $20 gift card. $20 doesn't even cover the gas it cost me these four round trips to the store let alone the annoyance of associates, frustration of dealing with improper tools and defective equipment. I told them I would GLADLY pay triple for my rifle had I purchased it at a mom-and-pop shop next door so long as I received exactly what I paid for, deserved, and was explained things honestly the first time around.I told them my grievances, they put the gift card on the counter, I told them I didn't want their payoff and to have a pleasant evening, and walked away.Edit: AND THEIR AMMUNITION IS MORE EXPENSIVE! I called around Big 5, and various in-door shooting ranges around the valley and they were cheaper than the bullets/shells sold at Dick's (aptly named). Some of the ammo I asked about was only by a couple of dollars, but cheaper.
3	Such a bummer that this is the ONLY DICKS SPORTING GOODS IN NEVADA! I was bummed with the customer service here. I was planning on buying a 600 mountain bike. they were supposed to call me the next day to have the bike tuned up and they never did, needless to say they lost my business and I eventually bought a mountain bike down the street at sports chalet.
2	I went to Dick's twice in two days and experienced the same bad customer service both times. First, not to be a prude but the sales people are obese. Not overweight mind you, but obese and this is a SPORTING GOODS STORE! Once again, not to be a prude but I think it's way more advantageous in a store like this that the sales people play the part, you know what I mean? Anyway, the worst part of my visit was they kept on locking me out of the dressing room. The last time was the final straw, I just walked out of the dressing room and I was going to try on a couple of more items when I actually saw the sales person go to the dressing room, check inside and then lock the door. This was right after I left and I know she saw me come out, my point to all of this is that they don't ask if you need any help(which is okay by me) but to just stomp over and lock you out of the dressing room is just bad customer service. I'm sure there's a reason, it does look like they might be understaffed but none of this is the customer's fault. On a positive note the store is huge and they have a decent selection with some items reasonably priced and a few items way overpriced. Just by having the variety alone makes me give them two stars. Whoever is running this store could do better and they know it. I guess it's called Dick's for a reason.
4	I have been researching a heart rate monitor online but wanted to see it in person and saw they Dick's carried it for $20 more then what I have seen online.  It did allow me to decided this was the model I wanted but didn't walk home with it today because as I said befoe it was more expensive here.  While here I also looked at the kayaks but since I'm still not sure if I want an ocean or river kayak again didn't purchase one but they did have many different brands of kayaks with different options to choose from.
4	We have a ton of sporting goods stores here in LV and you can go from the bottom of the barrel Best Buy or Sports Authority to Sports Chalet to Dick's which I consider to be at the top end of the scale.a. Service - Service is the main reason why they are top notch. Here you have plenty of staff that are eager to help you. While they all may not be experts and they are not, they always will point you to someone who is an expert. Only REI in my opinion has better service.b.  Selection - You can find a wide variety of many products here. Golf shoes alone they must have over 30 quality choices. From camping, to sports, to golf and tennis, this place has everything you need!  If you cannot find it here, I am not sure where you would go.c.  Price - They seem to always have sales, however, I have not really compared price to price. Why?  Because generally I am not finding what I want at the other low end places and so price does not become as much an issue. When I do compare it to the "outlet" pricing, I find it to be comparable or not an issue!GK says for quality valued products with exceptional service, this is the place to go!
1	We just were there looking for softball gear for my daughter.  We thought a big sporting goods store would great to get all that we needed for her 1st year.  We walked in found the baseball/softball area found a bat that was perfect for her.  We then needed shirts, we asked the girl in that area and she said what we have right here is all we have.  She said it with out looking to help us, as if we were bothering her.  We then hit the customer service button. 2 girls came over and again not a bit of help. Just pointed over there. Well if you have been in the store it is huge so "over there" is a pretty broad area.  We finally said we will just get the bat and leave.  We went up to check out and the lead sales young man again no smile and was very monotone as we were putting him out having to help us. We paid and then handed the receipt to my young daughter and not even the bag. We will NOT go here again.
2	Very large store with a lot of options for different sports but not as much stock or knowledgeable staff as you would expect. I went in to compare some prices on weight lifting and boxing equipment and to also pick up a few things but was left a little disappointed on the amount of equipment available and how little knowledge the staff had about the equipment.  After having 2 associates call over 2 different associates to answer my questions i was left standing with a bit of wasted time and no answer other then we don't carry it, sorry. Funny thing is i was asking for a speed bag holder bracket and ended up seeing it on my way out of this section after the associates left. I looked past it twice and felt foolish that i missed it but whats worse is 2 of the guys that were brought over to help me new what i wanted and just said oh, sorry we don't carry that. Didn't even look just told me they don't carry  it and left. No hey they might carry it here or we might be able to look to see if we can order it, just a nope, to bad. Last time i checked you work in customer service, how bout smiling and acting like you care about trying to be helpful.
4	I like Dick's Sporting Goods over a lot of other sports stores in Las Vegas. I think we all know retail stores don't do a good job at keeping up with what you can get online. However, there are those times you just have to go retail. You have no other choice. So, when I realized I needed a new sleeping bag ASAP I headed to Dick's. Lucky me, oh lucky day. The day I went they were having a sale on camping goods AND sleeping bags. I ended up purchasing a sleeping bag that can take 20 degree temps for only about $50. Now, if you're not into camping, you may not know this, but sleeping bags that will keep you warm the colder it gets means the price gets higher the colder the bag can withstand. Being that this was a 20 degree bag (mummy style), and it came with a great carrying case with a handle, I'd say I made a damn good deal that day.The great thing about Dick's is location as well. It is connected to the Galleria Mall. Also, they offer an extensive line of products for numerous activities. Camping, fishing, running, shooting, exercising, kayaking, and they have a large selection of exercise and outdoor wear. I think Dick's beats out quite a few stores (except maybe REI) in the clothing section.The cashier who checked me out was also super friendly as well. So they get a gold star for customer service as well.
1	Extremely under staffed.  We were never greeted and when we went to a desk to ask questions two employees were chatting and folding clothes and didn't acknowledge me standing there for some time.  Then we go the register where the line was 10 people deep.  We asked how many people they had on the floor, they said 1...for a 2 story store.  Save time and money and don't go here.  Employees are hard to find, and if you stumble across one they are of little help.
1	I'm only giving 2 stars because of prior adequate experience while in there. I went in and got a pair of Nike running shoes. While checking out the lady says O your wearing your shoes out. I said no. She laughed and said okay. Got home went to wear them and noticed they had been used. Like a lot I hadn't had my glasses with me so I couldn't tell. I go back 2 hours later, same lady as cashier as I'm walking up she shakes her finger at me and stats o no I'm closed. Not a hi or nothing. The cashier supervisor was there I tell him how did she miss this used shoe and he proceeds to tell me they do that all the time. That I'm going to wear them anyways. Really come on.
5	Honestly all the negative reviews on here are pretty lame.This store is huge, but doesn't have a lot of employees and rightly so.I come here all the time and NEVER have I seen more than 5 people shopping at once.Get off your high horse and stop being a douche just because the guy at the checkout counter didn't talk you deaf and the girl in the front didn't fake-greet you.You are coming to a sporting good store, get what you want, look around, play if you want to and stop bitching because you aren't a queen.If you wanted to be treated like a princess then go to the salon (or victorias secret because they will greet you 8 times within three footsteps in the door).ANYWAYS.I come here quite a few times a year and I actually like that they only ask a few times if you need help because I like to look around.Came to buy a polar watch and saw other watches around.Asked an associate the differences she told me and suggested the right one for me. ANNND she was definitely right.Bought it very fast (only one other person in line) and scidaddled.
5	I work here and manage the fitness area. We have a lot of premium to  expert fitness product's. Some including sole treadmills & eliptical as well as proform. We carry gym quality weights and Olympic weights as well. Come check us out.
3	For this visit I would have to say more of a 2.5.  I was looking for a specific item and just assumed they would be my best bet given their size.  I browsed around first in the women's clothing section.  They have an impressive selection of Nike, Under Armour, Puma, Lucy, etc.  Nike pants are some of my faves and they really have this organized so one can find exactly the style they are looking for.  During this time I was not approached once.  I made my way to the shoe section since that it what I was really looking her.  I tracked down a salesperson and inquired about cleats.  Though they did appear to have a huge selection on display they actually only had one pair in the size I needed.  I went ahead and checked online but nothing.  The salesperson was nice enough to tell me that the other sporting stores in the mall would not carry any either and my best bet was Sport's Authority.
1	This store has the worst customer service. Had a question fitness equipment and no one helpd us. This is not the first time; matter of fact, every time. The only thing good about this store is its location and selection on clothes.
1	I had shopped there for years and had probably spent in upwards of 12,000 dollars or more. One day I tried to bring back a pair of Under Armour Apollo running shoes that had split down the side, the shoe was a month old. Everyone left the counter and the boy told me to go grab another pair wich is all I wanted. When I brought the other pair, he said he wasn't going to exchange them and that the managers were all busy. I now shop at sports authority.
3	Just recently I had experienced pain in my left heel when I walk. It had become so alarming that I have been limping. This is a bad deal because I am an avid hiker who works at a job that demands constantly being on my feet. Although there is no proof, I am under the impression that a certain brand caused this problem. It was urgent to shape up out of that brand and purchase a light weight sneaker. I walked into the Galleria at Henderson that new light weight sneakers will fix the problem.   This sneaker shop experience was going to be different. I was passing over the outlet store experience of my last sneaker purchase at Sketchers (oops I gave up the name of the certain brand) and going for the full service experience similar to my Seattle Macy's sneaker purchase experience. I needed to talk to a real human being who would measure my feet in addition to answering a couple of questions. In the Galleria at Henderson, I saw two businesses with full service sneaker shipping. They were Dick's Sporting Goods and Macy's. I ended up shopping in Dick's Sporting Goods.   The sneaker department at Dick's Sporting Goods was well represented with sales help. Sure, they were kids. But they got the job done. Richard was helpful until the lady that worked in sneakers (did not catch her name) helped me. He measured my feet which interestingly seemed to gave lost half an inch. I guess hiking does that to you. He answered important questions that influenced me in purchasing lightweight sneakers facing outward with a wide size. My Sketchers were facing in which again I THINK contributed to my problem. In front of me was a $59 pair of attractive black New Balance sneakers. He brought out a couple that I'd try on. He said that he'd check back if I needed another size. He never returned, however, the happy go lucky woman representing the sneaker department enthusiastically took over. By then the 8.5 wide New Balance seemed to be the perfect fit. I wanted or actually needed to wear these sneakers. while singing a tune, she walked with me to Jessica the Cashier to finish the transaction. Optimistically, these New Balance sneakers will finish off the pain in my left heel when I walk.
4	I was browsing online and found deals on some lawn game items. I decided to place an order and the one BS racket is their site claims "free" shipping at $49 but there was a "cap" on it. Basically I was gonna be paying shipping and handling anyways on several items that were not big at all and it was silly to be paying for $20 on items that I can grab locallyPickup at a store is free and all the items were available at this location so I paid online and got a invoice the next day that it was ready. They scanned my online receipt  in the front at a kiosk and someone went to the back to retrieve my items. I was able to buy a bocce ball set, badminton rackets, packages of birdies, a kickball. Easy peasy.I browsed around a bit after that to look at in person items I debated on purchasing online. I did get asked if I needed help as a associate passed us. I'm really not sporty or outdoorsy so I am one of the last people who step into sporting goods. I'm not the best judge on comparing this to other sporting stores- however, I find the layout pleasant, the store neat and the sales associate as friendly and helpful though there were very few of them in such a big store.I would probably buy again items should I need them and they run some good deals again.  -
3	3 stars only because the manager was able to clarify some mistakes and apologize for the rudeness of the cashier. The cashier had a horrible attitude. The sale they have for snowboard gear is actually decent but the cashier argued with me about it. I had a pair of boots marked with a sticker for 104$ ( part of the sale) but was ringing in 134$ we mentioned it to her and she got angry slammed it down and had to ask another guy how to ring it in who then replied well those stickers shouldn't be on those boxes. When I spoke to the manager he said the price on the box is what we give. All the boots were marked with a sticker for the sale so clearly employees there just don't understand. I appreciate the manager coming over but I think I'll save the drive from Summerlin and go to sports authority from now on due to the rude comments and attitude from employees
