3	I have come here several times now. The hours are a bit strange, especially on the wekends. True when it is so hot outside, you want to get your shopping done early. Everything there is very clean except some of the clothes and shoes look a bit over worn.   They could have more for sale in here . There is not really a big selection. Maybe they will start getting more in soon. The store is noce and clean and there is lots of parking during the week. Not so much on the weekend.  Some things are very high for used items, yet some things are very low priced. It is hard to know why.
4	I went to Turn Style Consignment recently and was pleased with my experience.  The store is clean and is merchandised well - it isn't cluttered or over crowded.  Merchandise is hung according to size - huge bonus in my book when it comes to second hand shopping.  I was a bit surprised that some of the clothing did look very worn, but there was also a fair amount that had tags on and had obviously never been worn.  The kids area was slim pickings the day I went.The staff was friendly and eager to answer any questions that I had about consignment.  I know that some people are wondering about the pricing.  In order to understand their pricing, you have to understand consignment in general.  Consignment works differently from most second hand stores.  Often the one consigning tells the store what the item is worth to them - or what they paid for it and then the item is priced.  If I'm remembering correctly, TurnStyle gives about 50% of the sale back to the consigner.  That's a great deal for consigners!  The store carries a wide variety of merchandise - clothing, household goods, decorative pieces, furniture, etc.Check it out, you never know what you might find!
4	I've been here several times, and my experience has been positive.  Staff has been pleasant, even to a hyper 4-year-old who tries to touch everything. Selection is not extensive, but items are of good quality.  Their recent clearance prices were amazing.  Some prices can be pretty high, such as for an unworn, reversible Chico's jacket, but I don't buy if I don't like the price.Yes, things you bring in have to be nice; that's why it doesn't smell or look like a charity place--hello.
2	I into this store after reading reviews looking for a 5 drawer dresser.  They had NONE. Furniture is VERY limited and VERY outdated.  Prices are NOT thrifty either as most of the clothing is name brand items - so good price for branding but still not cheap.
1	I was disappointed in this store.  It's in the shopping center with Changing Hands and Trader Joes so I think it is wasting its opportunity.  On the positive side, it is a clean store and has room to walk around and look at the items.  And if you have items on consignment you get to choose between store credit or cash - store credit is 55%, cash is 45% if the item sells.  You have 90 days for the item to sell.  Then you need to pick it up or it becomes the property of Turn Style.  You need to keep track of the items, they don't call when the 90 days hit.There's two big negatives to me regarding this store: overpriced items and pleasant but not friendly staff.   That's too bad because there is allot of traffic in that area due to the other stores.  I have a rule not to shop in stores that don't appreciate my business.  They can use some training in the customer service area.
4	I found quality items that were fairly priced based upon the current fashion trends and what was made available.  my only complaint was that i was encouraged to leave items at the front counter so that my arms were free to continue shopping and at a time sensitive (i had to go out of town) check out, an important item was left out of my pile of things.  this resulted in my being inconvenienced due to my schedule and the long distance driven to get to Turn Style to shop.  When I called the store I was told that the items could not be held for me for a few days until I was able to get back there to pick them up.  This was a customer service faux pas that showed absolutely no personal attention. I spent a sumptuous amount in their store and it was too inconvenient for them to accommodate me given their clerical error?  After four more phone calls over the next couple of days I finally was able to receive good customer service as I was promised the item would be held for me until my return date.  I am planning to see if they truly are customer service oriented when I travel the 15 miles to their store to fetch my item supposedly on hold for me.  We shall see.  As consignments shops go, I am impressed with the organization, the cleanliness and fresh fragrance of the store (as opposed to that typical thrift store odor), and I found the staff otherwise extremely kind and pleasant if not efficient given my debaucle.I will continue to shop there because of the quality and variety of their items and I will also be sure to see that every item I chose is included in the check out.
2	Dated furniture and nick knacks that aren't old enough to be cool.  Some decent shoes and clothes available, just depends on your luck.  Lots of trendy purses, belts, scarves.In an effort to run this place like some high end store, or maybe some obsessive compulsives house, they tell you to leave your have food or drink at the door.  LOL!  How old are we?!  Um, with BR on the corner I like to browse while I eat my cup of  one scoop of ice cream.  They shoo'd me and my guest out of the store once, person wasn't very polite and there was not a no food/drink sign posted on the door.Now seriously, this isn't a department store it's a consignment store.  They pay a small pittance on items you bring them to sell.Similar items can be found at a thrift store as well.
3	I like this larger store and the staff were friendly on my visit yesterday.  I did find a cute top.  I didn't find too much selection on this trip, it was their 50% off red tag week and many of the tops left were pilled, pulled,  faded or past their prime.  I   The purse and shoes selection was nothing too special on this visit;  it depends I guess on what the intake is at the time.  Again high mileage on the shoe side as well. really don't mind out of style because many times, people are looking for what's old to make their own fashion style new again in the present.  Just please take in clothes and shoes that do not look like their better days are behind them.  The household decor items at this location appeared very dated on this visit.  The furniture,okay and a nice selection.Updated 2/14/14:  Found 2 very cute shoes in great shape and all the sub prime items were being clearanced out.  Much improved from the previous visit.
5	I've always had a great shopping experience here. In fact, this is my go-to consignment store. The clothes are clean, stylish and funky. Great selection of purses too. Shoes for my boat-feet are lacking, but I wouldn't expect anything different.I love how everything is arranged by fabric type, size and color. It makes it easy. The staff is always very friendly and even know my son by name, which I appreciate.I recently lost a bunch of weight and I pretty much re-stocked my closet with items purchased from this store. Love it. Even my pre-teen daughters love it here!Highly recommend.
5	I have to say , I have really been liking this place more and more. I had not been here in quite awhile, like well over a year.But, we started visiting it again recently. I was very surprised to see all the cool house wares they have here now. Not that I really need another thing in my house. I don't!But, it is fun to look and I have bought a few things anyway. Such as ,I got 2 wonderful sets of crystal glasses for a song. This is real crystal by the way. Not just cut glass. They were quite beautiful. So even though I did not need them. I thought they were well worth the price, they were truly beautiful.There hours are better, they are open longer now than they were when they first opened and that is a plus.The girl working that night took the time to wrap every bit of stemware very carefully.  I did really appreciate that as well.You never know what you will find. I love a lot of the furniture they are showing now as well. I just have no where to put it all.But, if you are in the market for some cool home items. I think this is your shop.
3	Thought I would give this place a try since I had done a little spring cleaning and had a couple items that were in very good shape that I thought could sell. This was my first experience with any kind of consignment company. The girls in the back took in my items and explained the process to me. They were very sweet and I was definitely well informed on Turn Styles terms. The terms for consignment were pretty simple....you either get 45% of the selling price which is paid by check (or) you can do 55% of the selling price for in store credit. 2 of the 3 items I consigned sold, which was pretty cool. The store is clean and well organized, which makes it easy to browse and find something fun. They have everything...... like: clothes, shoes, house decor and furniture.Keep in mind it can be hit and miss on the decor, sometimes they have good stuff and other times it was picked over. But if you are looking for something designer or even just something new to you and your cool that it was gently used, then this is a cool place to shop.
4	Turn Style offers a cool assortment of furniture, clothes, and home items. It's kind of like the upscale version of a Goodwill. Prices are reasonable, and their items are good quality. Some examples I saw when I was browsing include Hudson jeans, a small Gucci purse, numerous Coach handbags, and several area rugs.
2	I have been consigning here for a while and have been less than pleased with their service. Their customer service is seriously lacking. Because I have clothes on consignment I go in about once a week to see if I have sold anything and check out any new stuff. I have never been greeted by an employee, I don't think anyone has even looked up or around them at other customers. One time there was a really long line at the counter and I needed to know if I had any store credit, so I asked one of the girls in the back who appeared to not be helping anyone. Her response "well, I have a long line too, you just can't see it. But let me help you." I was like ok, you don't have to be a smart ass, just say "I'm sorry I have 3 people ahead of you, would you mind waiting a minute?" That isn't what put me over the edge. A couple days ago I went in with my son and wondered for about 25 minutes looking at stuff. I finally found 2 items I wanted to purchase and went to the counter to check out. This is where I stood for 5 minutes.....3 employees were hanging their holiday decorations 10 feet from me. At one point everyone one of them looked and saw me at the counter...no one came to check me out. I left the stuff on the counter and left. I wasn't too upset because when I was standing there I had time to inspect the Jeans I wanted to buy. They were missing a back pocket button. This brought me to wonder how many times this has happened with other people. I didn't buy that stuff because no one wanted to help me...I think they have a good selection in furniture and home decor. I have a hard time with the clothes and I have found a lot with missing buttons or holes in the pockets. You just have to inspect what you want really well. Overall, it is a good place, just really bad customer service. Which actually surprises me because I have been to two other locations (val vista and the Ray location) they have always had great service!
5	I love Turn Style! I shop all of their locations and never fail to find multiple things I want to buy! The manager at this location, Gail, is always so nice and understanding. This is really such a fun place to shop at. I'm amazed at all the great deals they have on their items and I love that they have high named brands. Definitely will keep shopping at Turn Style forever!
