3	Cheap stuff, more food items than dollar store. We brought the relatives from Hawai'i here, and they got excited b/c they couldn't believe EVERYTHING was 99 cents or less! haha :PThere are some things here that are cheaper than grocery store or Wal Mart, on same products (and size of product.) Not gonna say which, b/c I don't want it to be gone when I shop, but the regulars know what I'm talking about. ;) hehe yes, I can be selfish. Some things are smaller size to equal the 99 cents price tag, so really.... they aren't cheaper. Still good either way.
3	I've been to a bunch of these stores in town, so this one is just OK (the best ones in this chain are on Trop/ 215, Charleston/Decatur, and Rainbow/Spring Mountain). We were here over the weekend. There were a ton of people here- two or three lines were pretty long. My husband caught a punk kid stealing and told an employee about it. The employees that I saw on the floor were busy restocking items. This one doesn't carry everything but I did find most of the items on my list. The food section had a strong weird unpleasant amalgamation of smells. I had to leave that section fast; I'm really sensitive to smells, if someone's got really strong perfume or cologne, I sneeze, and it's the same with cigarette or cigar smoke. If you're familiar with this parking lot, then you know that the design is really poor- it's maze-like (near the gas station and Jared's), and hard to get around (limited), so you'd better get familiar with it, so you're not terribly frustrated the next time!
3	I shopped this location a lot when I lived here, but had been living in Summerlin the past two years, so hadn't been in a while. I recently moved back to the area and this location is now back on my list.It doesn't compare to my Summerlin store off of Ft. Apache and Tropicana. It's not nearly as clean and organized. The products make up for the lackluster experience, however. I like the hidden gems you discover, especially in the grocery section. I've purchased food and art for my walls here, and haven't been disappointed yet.Is it a great location? No. But does it deliver on product? Yes. I love a great deal and will be stopping here a lot. But I have to say that in comparison to my Summerlin store....well...there is no comparison.
3	Okay I admit it. Sometimes I am a cheap-ass when it comes to certain things, but honestly I think I'm just being cleverly cost-efficient!Most 99 Cent only/dollar stores have that funk smell and they have that funk clientel. You walk in thinking, "Oh, here I go into the DOLLAH STOAH" $$$. Anyway. I brave through that feeling because I like to spend my money on things like sushi and handbags. Hence dollar store rummaging.Here are the things I have found that are worth buying at the dollar store:Cleaning items- Toilet brushes- Toilet cleaner- Cleaners in general- Washrags/Dishrags/Hand towels for cleaning (not for nice presentation)- Car cleaners- Car Fragrance- Brooms/Mops/Etc.Party Supplies - Hey you know when you're going to have that party and you're going to throw away all the party crap because you're never going to use it again? Why pay so much for it!? Yes. I get party supplies at the Dollar Store. Sure, they don't have the biggest selection, but do you know how many awesome "Hawaiian" Luau themed parties I've thrown with dollar store stuff? Quite a few.Sodas - Always cheaper than other grocery stores AND Wal-Mart. Tupperware, One-time-use food storage containers, plastic cutlery, AND... AND!! Plastic bags, freezer bags, garbage bags, wax paper, parchment paper, cling-wrap, and aluminum foil.. YES. For one dollah! Holla holla! I realized how much I could save on these things by going to the dollar store. It's the SAME THING you would be paying $3+ for at normal grocery stores!So that is my review of the Dollar Store. This one in particular is in a nice, convienent location. It actually is decently organized and the funky-smell is kept to a minimum. Sometimes it's crowded and you have to wait in line, but oh well.
5	I love this store, and I love that it is right next to Wal-Mart, They have a little bit of everything, and even some groceries. I always stop in there to pick things up before I go to Wal-Mart. Also they carry a very good brand of strip-lashes, they're only .99 cents and they have the best spine, compared to ELF, KISS, brands, etc. I am a huge lover of eyelashes and they are excellent for the price!
