5	This place should get five stars for their chips and salsa alone,. The chips are fresh-made flour rather than corn (I am usually more of a corn tortilla person, but these are delicious).  The salsa is a green chili salsa that leaves a slow burn in your mouth that makes it hard to quit eating.I have been here twice now.  The first time I ordered cheese enchiladas, which were good.  I noticed they had potato flautas on the second visit.  I used to love flautas when I ate meat and missed them when I went veg years ago.  I was stoked to finally find a place that served flautas stuffed with something other than meat.  They were good and topped with a very tasty guacamole. (I am sure that the meat ones are equally good if not better)  I look forward to trying the torta on the next visit.  (I returned for the torta a few days later and it is excellent as well.)I am happy to have stumbled onto this place.  There are a number of small Mexican restaurants on this stretch of McDowell and I have been wanting to try some of them for awhile.  La Hacienda is right on the corner of 16th and McDowell. It has a unassuming appearance on the outside, other than its windows splashed with daily specials.  The interior is pretty cool though.  It is a lot more spacious than it looks on the outside.  The wait can be a little longer than some places, even when it is not that busy.  Be prepared for a little lag on the service if you go and appreciate that you get to enjoy such good eats.
2	I stopped in here to give it a try for lunch today, & found it to be ok looking inside.  It's a little banged up, but a lot of decor makes it kind of comfortable & homey, & they have well placed booths for seating, as well as tables.  From there on, unfortunately, it was mostly downhill:*  There were no paper towels in the bathroom.*  My table was dirty, with lots of crumbs & other food stuck to it from the previous diner.*  It's too expensive for this kind of place!  A Combo with a Chile Relleno, Enchilada, & a taco costs $10!*  The service took FOREVER!!  ...over half an hour between the time I ordered & when I received all of my food.  (The taco showed up ala carte at around the 25 minutes point.)*  I had to chase down the waitress & ASK to get any napkins & silverware.  (This was way out past when the taco had arrived & my hands were all greasy.)*  There was not only a TV on, but there were rock oldies playing over the PA System, & then pretty soon there was a jukebox blaring Mexican music out on top of everything else.  What a cacophony!  HEY!  PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO EAT IN HERE!Yes, the food was pretty good, but that's the only thing saving this place from a 1 Star rating.  There were too may problems, & I won't be returning.     :-(
1	Only because I had to give it a star.. So first issue was chips and salsa.. Obviously salsa was made from canned chili or it sat for a long time.. Mushy and lacking in flavor. Chips were freezing cold, and greasy.. Not the good greasy, but more saturated..I ordered the green chili.. Horrible, it was old meat, plate was cold, sauce was split.. Hardly consumable. Ate two bites and moved on.Carne Asada mini tacos, meh.. Meat was again old and very dry.. Like eating sand. Yikes.. Limes were old, table wobbly, service was decent, wait was too long and I won't be back.Overall not a good experience.
5	Walked in somehow thinking the place served BBQ.  *Wrong* I had the special... 4 tacos for $5 bucks.  The gal behind the counter took my order, and brought the drinks to the table, along with a couple of servings if the very best pinto beans my Texas bred behind has ever eaten.  The tacos were amazing, the place was military clean, and the service could only have been friendlier if a Labrador puppy wrote up my order.  Can't wait to go back.
1	Should have known better than to eat in a place so dark that you can't see the food on your plate. Underwhelming and overpriced.
