3	Came here for the first time on Friday afternoon.  If you ask for a drink, they give you a lemon infused water or ice tea.  Not sure which because I didn't ask.  They have China Glaze nail polish there which is my favorite so that is one star in itself.  The ladies are super nice, so that is another star. The 3rd star goes for the service.  They give pretty good pedicures, but I think the price is a little much.  I paid $54 for 2 pedicures.  That is $27 each for two girls and its NOT even the deluxe pedicure.  I could get a pedicure way cheaper in the Bay area.  Ridiculous.  If it was like a spa type place, or the pedi I got was a deluxe, then I wouldn't mind paying the money.  Come on now!  I rather go to Wal Mart in Vegas to get Pedi for much cheaper!  Because they do that in Vegas! LOL.
5	I never go anywhere else! They are always friendly and sweet when I go in there!
5	I recently moved to Las Vegas from Seattle. Due to the military, we move every two years and here I am once again in need of finding a "new everything". this is the third salon I have tried since I have been here since December and I am so happy I enlisted the help of 'yelp'. I walked into the Pink Lotus with no appointment and was quickly ushered to Long's table. I have had pink and white for many years and very picky about the way my nails look. Long was the best. He was quick and my nails looked amazing....actually better than i had seen them in a long time. I will be back for regular fills and pedis. Besides the great service, they offer you something to drink and the owner is very personable. She is very sweet and knows her regular clients. I look forward to going back soon.Thanks Pink Lotus and Yelp!
3	The ladies here are all very friendly.  Greeted right away.  They offer ice cold refreshments upon seating.  I would come again, but it's not quite my go-to nail place.The negatives;  a little bit pricey for mediocre quality.  I can get the same or maybe even better quality elsewhere for about $7 cheaper.  The lady that did my mani and my full set sucked!  My pedi was so rushed, it felt like splish splash, done!  My full set was half-assed too!  I'd like to give the place another chance but next time, I'd ask for another lady.
1	I was visiting out from out of town and made an appointment at 1 pm for my girlfriend to get her nails done. We were literally walking up to the salon and we saw the employees leave and they closed the shop. Wth we seriously went out of our way for this unprofessional place that doesn't keep appointments, which I made a few weeks earlier. Total disappointment
2	I wanted to get a quick mani/pedi done during my lunch break. Pink Lotus was near by and I've been there a couple times before for a quick polish change. I walked in and they were able to take me right away. Some guy was my nail tech for the time. My pedicure was decent, the pumice stone wasn't that rough it hurt and I thought everything was ok. The water was a bit cold for my liking, but he did a pretty good job with the massage. My water for my manicure was a bit cold too and he just had me soak my fingers in a bowl of water....which normally there is some kind of concoction in there. He didn't use the cuticle lotion to cut my cuticles for my toes or fingers which was a first for me. When he had put acetone on my fingernails after the massage (after the cuticle cutting) a couple of fingers were burning. He had cut TOO much skin off and I had burning fingers. Paint job was good, but for $45 bucks for a mani/pedi, I'm going to take myself somewhere else. Masks were worn at this place which MIGHT be an indication of MMA use in acrylic nails, doesn't bother me too much since I don't ever get acrylic/gel at these places. Overall, I probably won't be returning here and for the price I'm sure anyone can do better.
4	I needed a mani/pedi before jet setting out of town. I happened to be driving by the mini mall that this nail shop is in, so decided to give it a whirl.I was pleasantly surprised. The shop is nicely decorated. I was greeted right away and was able to be taken care of immediately.  Bonus of pretty colors to choose from.I splurged for the Deluxe Pedicure, it was so relaxing. I also got a Gel Polish Manicure for the first time. I loved my whole experience. The girl that did my nails and toes was very quiet and didn't talk much but I usually prefer the silence, to just sit back and relax. Her name was Ty and I'd definitely ask for her if I went back, which I believe I will. As the other Yelpers reviewed this salon is a bit more expensive than others, but if I get the same treatment each time, I think it is worth it.
1	I have been here a couple times in the last 5 years, but nothing really kept me coming back except that it was close to my house. I came here yesterday with a gift certificate for a pedicure, the selection of colors is decent, but I can tell a lot of the colors are old, the colors are cracking on the sides of the polish and I watched one of the girls add thinner to the polish. So my journey begins, I put my foot in the water and was scalded my the water coming out, ouch that hurt, the girl doesn't say a word. My favorite part of a pedi is a good pumice scrub, she maybe runs the pumice over my foot twice, um okay? Them she paints them, I get up to go to the drying station and I notice my 2 big toes look so sloppy, the paint isn't to the edge of my nail, but yet there is paint all over my skin, I ask her to repaint them, he slaps more paint on and now they look clumpy. When I got home I called to ask if I could come in the next day (I couldn't make it back same day) to have someone fix them, she says yes, so here I am writing this review as my nails dry. I was one of three customers in the place, I was met with such rude, scowl faced woman, and I'm sure they were talking about me in Vietnamese. I tried to get the girl to warm up to me by asking her name, and she ignored me. I'm sorry, but when I'm paying you $30 to do a job that I could do better myself, you will no way get anymore of my money.
1	I took my 10 year old niece to get our finger and toenails painted as a reward for her completion of school.  I made an appointment in advance.  I let them know that we would come in with clean nails ready to be painted, that we didn't want clippers, files, etc.  Just your basic polish and go.  When we arrived, the receptionist took us back to a manicurist station and painted my niece's nails in about 4 minutes, and then grabbed her feet from under the table and painted them.  I asked if she would let my niece move to the pedicure chair so she could have the "experience" of getting a massage and having her toes painted, i.e. to feel like a big girl.  She flat out told me "no."  I'm not confrontational or anything, but I did question why not since we: a) made an appointment; and b) there were 5-6 open chairs.  She just told me that other appointments were scheduled.  Then, another lady arrived to paint my nails.  She painted mine in record speed.  I never understand how someone can manage to paint all over your skin but miss the edges of your nails at the same time.  Must be purposeful?  Not sure.  I took the polish off myself when I went home.Anyway, the customer service was bad, the work was bad, and it was just a bad experience all together.  Also, the salon is super tiny and cramped and not fancy at all.  Basically, huge letdown.
1	One star is really over rated.  This place was the first nail salon I tried after moving to Las Vegas.  I went twice, my mistake!  The first time I went in to have my pink and white's filled.  The nail tech was not friendly.   I told her I needed my nails trimmed now a bit, she did that AFTER doing the fill.  WTH?  who cuts your nails after the fact?  She filled the white part first which I thought was strange then filled the pink.  Ass backwards as far as I was concerned.  As she could see when I first came in my nails are oval shaped, not square, obviously that is the way I like them, why would you change them to square if I didn't ask you to?  She tried then got pissed when I made her fix it and make them oval again. They are my nails and since I'm the one paying for the service how about do them the way I want them?  Clever concept, huh?  In addition to all that I left with super thick unnatural looking nails.  UGH.  I figured I'd go back on more time to a different tech hoping for better service.  Oh boy was I wrong.  I ended up having the same tech again.  I knew I would leave unhappy and that is exactly how I left.  My nails were now even thick and so ugly I was ashamed for anyone to see them.  The pedicures were as bad. Very quick and not very through.  Rush Rush Rush is the name of the game at this salon.  My advice, save your money and go elsewhere!  I did and I couldn't be happier with the new salon I found!  PINK LOTUS NAILS SUCK BIG TIME!!!!!
4	I was surprised by a lot of these negative reviews.  I recently began getting gel nail polish and came here since it was down the street.  I have had positive experiences.  This morning Lana took her time, made sure I was pleased, and never made me feel rushed.  I will go here again!n & gel polish was $25 where most places charge $30-$35
3	This is a hard review to write because I ALWAYS get fair prices and great service from Jade, who is a great manicurist. Today, I came in on Jade's day off and had another manicurist. She did a fine job on my nails, but charged me $30 more dollars than I usually pay for the same services. I was really disappointed to shell out close to $100 for a pedi and gel mani. I hope I come down from my anger so I can go back and see Jade again. Jade does great waxing and great mani/pedis. Aside from the staff, the facility is nice. The chairs give good messages and they use nice products. The bathroom and waxing room is always clean, as are most of the stations.My only complaints are about the price I was charged today and that, no matter who I'm with, the service takes quite a while. I like relaxing, but I wish I could get a mani/pedi is under an hour. It usually takes two here.Moral of the Story: Go to Pink Lotus if you can get Jade. Otherwise, skip it. I'm marking pricey on the price range only because of my experience today. It's usually pretty reasonable.
1	I've been going to Pink Lotus for about two years and the quality of the service has decreased finally to the point of deciding never to go back there. I used to go for nails, but decided to stop that about a year ago when I kept having to have them fixed ever few days.So a couple weeks ago I went in for a pedicure. I sat down and the girl who usually does an incredibly lackluster job on my feet started in. i was allowed to dip my left foot in the water, but not soak it before she started ripping cuticles from my toe nails. three of my toes ended up bleeding and it just went downhill from there. the polish was uneven, and I ended up developing ingrown toenails in two toes after the so-called pedicure. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!
1	I had the mani/pedi by a man named Long N.  The pedi was a little sloppy leaving nail polish on the sides of my nails.  He also used a carrot grater which made the bottom of my feet scaley and 2 open cuts because he cut off too much skin.  I've never seen that before at a nail salon.  I had to wear bandages on my feet because it was hard to walk for 3 days.  For the mani, my cuticles didn't look neat but the job was okay and no infections from cuticle cutting.  The lady that greeted me was very nice and cooled down the overheated water as soon as I sat down.  My friend  had a more pleasant time with a lady who had a smile all the time.  I won't be going in there again.  My gel mani/pedi was $63.  My fault because I didn't check on yelp before I tried this place.
5	Jadie was amazing!As most of my friends know, I never get my nails done and get pedicures only at random salons so I don't share in the same loyalty to nail salons and technicians as most girls I know.  I went with a co-worker when we had some time to kill this last Saturday in between events we had to work.  I got a gel manicure and pedicure from Jadie. She was amazing!  I didn't really know what to do with my nails so I just told her to get creative.  She gave me this really pretty sparkly red with a white accent nail.  I'm really excited to have cute nails!
1	they rush.  not personable.  when you're done you don't exist. did I say they rush? thumbs down.  I will never come back. shame!
4	While in town stopped in for a quick fix on my gel nails and got a pedicure. The pedicure was fabulous, the gel nails were OK, felt like the manicure was rushed, polish job was mediocre. I will certainly visit again next time I'm in town.
1	Got my nails done there today. It was not to great an experience. Paid cash and it was very hard for my manicurist to count back the change. When he did I ended up paying twice plus tip... This person did not correct me. Kinda weird don't you think...? Ladies at the front desk didn't give me a receipt either so more confusing to know what the bill was. Not going back ever again! They paid me back a couple days later...
1	Here's how it went.....Walked in and was greeted by 3 ladies. The first thing I noticed is it was not busy which was perfect for me. The other best thing is that there were 7 ladies (count 7) waiting to help you. Deluxe Pedicure comes with cold foot water, hot towels, and a hand massage and scrub for feet and legs. It costs $40.00. the regular pedicure costs $27.00 and it probably just is super basic since the other one has everything. Never was asked if I wanted a drink as others have mentioned? I had a drink with me already but that shouldn't matter..... they could still ask which would be superior customer service.I saw (ha) that was her name really.... I asked her. Anyway she is great at ingrowns, but the nail Polish is already coming off and their is also nail polish on my skin that was not removed.I am very disappointed, because I did use OPI and this never happens. I had my nails done for less than this and this never happened. Oh and I forgot to add that she dug into my ingrowns so bad that my foot was bleeding and not it really hurts.So.... the moral of the story is, I will not return.
4	Tina is AMAZING!! I can't say enough good things about her! Super quick and doesn't lack in quality! My pink and whites are always perfect and my pedis too! The entire staff is friendly and attentive. They provide refreshments and always have something entertaining playing on the TV. Pink Lotus is a quality place!
1	I don't even think they deserve one star... I had an appointment and still had to wait 20 mins to be taken. When I finally got to the station she started taking my polish off, right in the middle of doing so she got up and left for about 5 mins. I like my nails flaired and that's how they were when I first walked in. She not only rushed while she was doing my nails but she did a horrible job!! My nails were not smooth, not flaired and I even showed her a picture of the design I wanted and it came out nothing like I wanted!! My heart's looked like drops of nail polish on my nails. Not mentioned when I paid it was a ridiculous amount of money for a fill, almost $40. I was EXTREMELY unhappy with how my nails looked. When asked why it was so expensive, I was told because of my design. My friend who went with me had way more details and rhinestones on her nails and paid less!! The following day I went to Highland nails and had them completely redo my nails!! I was EXTREMELY happy when I left!! Pink Lotus lost a customer who gets their nails done regularly to Highland!! I will NEVER go back or recommended to anyone!! You want excellent customer service, friendly staff, people who listen to how you want your nails done and not pay an arm an a leg... So to HIGHLAND NAILS ON RAINBOW AND WINDMILL INSIDE THE SMITH'S SHOPPING CENTER!!
3	Service was OK. Last time I was there I needed a pink and white fill. Not one employee talked to me. Proceeded to talk their language, so I tipped poorly. Not worth my patronage anymore!
2	Two stars.  Two lone, twinkling emblems of success or lack thereof.  Before I explain why, I have something to confess - this is where I always get my monthly pedicure because it's right next to Albertson's so I can take care of my tootsies and conveniently zip next store to buy my groceries.  Convenience is the only reason I return to Pink Lotus month after month, and have done so for the past three years or so.  However - if you are not already swinging by Albertson's for crates of Ramen, six-packs of Diet Coke, and other single-girl fare like me don't bother.  Go somewhere else!  Don't be like me and create a convenient, long-standing bad habit of wasting your money.  Sure, my toes always look cute and happy at the end but each time I walk in I'm playing Russian Roulette!  They have a few great nail techs, but every now and then I end up with a complete sadist who loves nothing more than to cut, pinch, scrape, and abuse my little feetsies any way she can!  I never complain, so that's my fault.  I'd rather do the passive aggressive thing and join yelp so I can complain in safety.  If I consistently had nice techs who were kind to my feet rather than cruel, they'd get a another star or two.  I think what really brought this all to a head (or to a FEET, get it?), was getting my brows waxed there last Friday ended up being an ordeal worthy of an episode of "I Survived."  I've not had a bad brow wax there - painful pedicure occasionally, but the brow waxing was always quick and painless.  Well, this time I was drug back to the waxing station by a tiny little woman who managed to mash my eyeball so far into my skull I thought I'd be seeing out my neck for awhile.  This was so strange!  I've never had a waxing that involved the tech touching my eye, let alone mashing it in with her thumb like she was practicing some sort of self-defense tactics.  In case of sudden attack - mash your aggressor's eyeball with thumb!  To be clear, I wasn't attacking.  I was laying on the table, a willing victim to this hot-wax wielding troll.  What's more, is I actually had burn marks on my brows.  That's never happened before!  What did she wax me with?  Acid?  Sweet lord, I'm just glad it's over.  The things we ladies do to avoid a mangy eyebrow hairs.  Maybe this time I'll learn my lesson and not go back.  Probably not though.   I guess I'm just a glutton for punishment...and I have to get my Diet Coke right?
1	Pretty and clean atmosphere. Friendly staff but disappointing service. I went for a pedicure and my feet looked no different than if I had trimmed, painted, and scrubbed them myself and I'd still have my $27.  I don't know if it's because I had a male tech but he didn't seem to do much and def didn't know that the polish I picked out needed at least two coats to be visible.  It's too bad because the location is perfect for me.
2	I used coming a lot. But this time let me don't want come back anymore. Too much change
5	I love this place, they are so friendly and also do great job. This is supper clean too...
4	I was visiting and my GF brought me here for pedis.  Very clean.  The staff was very nice even making a suggestion about the polish color I had chosen.  The leg/foot massage was great! I was treated so I can't comment on the prices.  All and all a great experience. So much so that I vowed when I got home I would write a Yelp review.  And lookie what I did!
5	I love to come here regular for my perdi/mani...like the service all the girls. .they do very good job and friendly..always coming back....
5	This place is greatttt, friendly Tech. and done great jobs. My favorite Nail Salon....
4	I have been using this Nail Salon for the last 4 years. I've  never had a bad experience. Everyone is friendly. My Nail girl is Tammy she is awesome. She does an awesome job on my nails, toes and brows. Even when she is on vacation and I have to see someone else, I am always please. I get lots of compliments on my nails so she must be good. I highly recommend this place.
5	Love this place!  Not sure why they average only 3 stars.  I get the gel mani/pedi and I'm always happy with the results.  Had a male do my nails today (not sure of his name), but he was awesome!
1	The last time I went here I was kind of disappointed, especially since the time before was a good experience.  The girl that was doing my nails rushed through my mani because she had to go pick up her kid.  She only put 2 coats of gel on and you could see through it in spots. She got up and left me at the station.  Didn't say a word just walked out the door.  I probably should have taken this as being a freebie and walked out with her, but I don't work that way.  I found a better place so I most likely won't return.
5	I've been coming here for 3 years. Management has changed. But still great service. Ask for Lana. She is fabulous!
1	It saddens me to post this. I've attached a picture of my eyes. Do NOT get a wax here. This is after 2 days.
