5	Finally a teriyaki bowl place that does it right.  Nothing against Samuri Sam's, but Yogis is a bit better in my opinion.  Yogis'  menu is strait forward and clearly lists the options available.  The place is clean and the staff is fast and friendly.  The food is also very reasonably priced.  I was very impressed with their different bowl/plate/salad options.  You are able to order some teriyaki veggies, chicken and/or beef pretty much however you want it.  Extra meat, over lettuce, over veggies, brown rice, white rice, etc.  Anyway, when I visit a place like this my desires are simple.  I want a decent portion of not-overly-sauced white meat chicken over a bunch of veggies.  That's it.  Yogis delivers this and then some.
4	Good food for a good price.  First time I've eaten at this location but it was as good as I hoped.  I got a half size Crunch Roll for an appetizer, and an order of Chicken Yakisoba.  Both were very good.  The crunch roll was very fresh with good quality ingredients, crunchy shrimp Tempura, crab, avocado, etc.  The yakisoba wasn't quite what I thought it would be in that the noodles and meat were separate, not mixed, but that didn't affect the quality or flavor.  It was closing time and I'd only eaten half, but I packed up the rest and brought it back to my motel so the workers could finish up and go home. This was the fourth place I'd attempted to go to for dinner so I was especially happy to find them open.  The first place, Azucar Peruvian, was right across the street from the motel I always stay at and I'd been meaning to try them since last summer.  I drove over there to find they were now out of business with a sign up advertising the place going in next.  I snoozed, I loozed. The second place was supposed to be open till 8:30pm according to their Yelp listing, but was closed when I got there a  few minutes after 8.The third place, Omega Gyros, highly recommended on Yelp, was also out of business.  FML. So when I got to Yogi's I was holding my breath till I saw they were open till nine.  Thank you Yogi's!
4	Yogi's is my cheap/quick low carb paradise!  Their low carb teriyaki bowls are kick ass!! A gigantic serving of tasty, lean meats over a bed of steamed cabbage, carrots, broccoli, and zucchini! Woo! If rice is your thing, you can get some nice sticky white rice, or well prepared brown rice, too!  Another thing I love at Yogi's is the Arizona Bowl. It's basically like a big bowl of California roll fixins!!!Their Sushi is quite good too!! Their California roll is always fantastic, and they put the SPICY back in Spicy Tuna. I've been a Yogi's fan for years, and the food has always been consistently well prepared, and extremely fresh.  The only thing I've not been too thrilled with at Yogi's is the Spicy Teriyaki.... not so good, Al.. not so good... ALSO. Closed on Sundays.. for genuflections, or something.
3	This place is great for a quick lunch. They have several different options that are sure to please everyone. The chicken teriyaki bowl is my usual there and if you like your food with a little spice be sure to try it with the spicy teriyaki sauce. John will usually get the beef and chicken bowl and then order one of their sushi rolls as well. Yogis Grill also offers you the option to have brown rice too if you are trying to take a healthier approach. Overall I enjoy this place when I am looking for a good quick lunch.
1	You are not allowed to use the wireless. Thats pretty sad.  But they do have diet coke
3	The one off Alma school in my opinion is better. I love their chicken bowls, but was very disappointed that their chicken seemed to be precooked & came out cold. I would be willing to drive further to the one near fiesta mall.
4	For such a small place, they do have a decent sized sushi list. Prices are about what you'd expect for sushi so it's a step above Kyoto Bowl without going overboard. If you're not getting sushi, about all you can expect otherwise would be some kinda teriyaki bowl, unless you plan on getting full on miso soup and edamame. The sushi was absolutely fresh. Potstickers were perfect. Kudos on having raspberry tea as well as regular. Get here @ 11AM if you want in. We did and I noticed that there is a huge business casual line by 11:30 on a weekday. They have a nice big screen TV with CNN news playing at a decent volume. Right on.
4	Great tasting and well priced lunch bowl specials!!
3	Just okay. My chicken katsu was overcooked and oily.
1	Service is terrible. We go different Yogi's around town a LOT. My kids like to eat the krab meat, so at every Yogi's we go to, we just order them a side of krab. THIS location wouldn't sell us an order of krab meat. I was in disbelief and thought that surely the gal had simply not understood my request, but her fellow order taker concurred that I couldn't. I was forced to order an Arizona Bowl (krab meat on top of rice) and when I made the innocuous request to put the krab meat into a separate bowl, I was DENIED. Whoever is running this place blows monkey nuts. You can keep your krab meat, you inflexible moron!
5	Very good food as long as you get white meat. I just get a basic teriyaki bowl spicy with white meat and it's one of my favorite places. I go at least twice a week. The steamed vegetables are pretty bland but if you are like me you put teriyaki sauce on everything anyway so it is not so bad.
1	I won't be back. I finally decided to give this place a shot and there isn't one thing about I enjoyed. I got the chicken and beef teriyaki bowl and I was not a fan of the sauce, most of the meat was tough/fatty pieces and hard to chew. The rice was typical for a teriyaki bowl place.
1	I only been to this place three times, and the third time I been here I ordered a vegetable teriyaki bowl as I started to eat my meal I realized there was a bug on my broccoli (ill post a pic too) and got sick to my stomach.  Apparently they don't wash or check their produce very well and just cook it. I got my money back but will never come back here again.
1	RUDE! The little girl working the register in the evenings is incredibly rude. The food is delicious but nothing's worse than feeling uncomfortable at a restaurant per terrible customer service. Is it also Yogi's standard policy to turn the lights off (while guests are eating), kick paying (and eating) customers out, and lock the doors 10 minutes before the advertised closing time? If so, they should probably reevaluate that policy...
4	Decent food for a quick/casual bite. Great service, fast, easy. Would go again. Cheers!
2	Food is  good but it is only better on occasion. I feel that sometimes the cashier ladies aren't happy and take it out on you if you don't make a speedy order. Overall the place is very neat and clean and great to sit back and enjoy some lunch but I'd say it would be superb if the staff was more energetic. Though, food quality in a sense is what is probably keeping this place alive.
2	I think I'm done with this place for now.  I used to love this place.. Healthy fresh food at a nearby place.  In the past 6 months they have been very hit and miss with the quality of food they serve.. and more lately its been a lot more miss than hit.  Recently found a stiff metal wire from a grill brush in my food.  Most of the time the meat is very gristly.. A lot of fat chunks on both the beef and chicken... Really tough to eat and just unappetizing.  Also, since they installed the new drink dispenser there is usually a big line there waiting to get a drink.. Its a fancy machine, but it takes people forever to find what they want and get done with it (just a minor annoyance there).  Will likely not be going back anytime soon hopefully they fix the quality issues as I have really liked this place in the past.
5	This location of yogis is the best in the area. We have to make sure and eat here at least one time a month.
