4	Memphis, Central Texas, St Louis.  These are pilgrimage sites for the BBQ faithful.  And while Pittsburgh doesn't rank on that scale yet, if the meat coma I got from the ribs at Pittsburgh Barbecue Company is any indication then they are definitely on their way.And even though the ribs are flavorful and juicy enough, thanks to an incredible rub, that they don't even need sauce on them you should still get the sauce because its vinegary/peppery taste has enough spice to enhance the meat, but not overpower it.
5	Ordered our pig for our wedding here.  It was so tender, juicy, and hearty... just the way a pig is meant to be!  They delivered it 80 miles south of Pittsburgh, complete with buns, sauce, trays, serving platters, silverware, the works.  I actually went on a leap of faith when I chose these guys, and I'm glad I did.  You will not go wrong with Pittsburgh Barbecue Co.! :)
5	Simply awesome!We went here for lunch the other day and were very impressed.  The huge smokers outside are quite a sight.  The owner and another employee were extremely pleasent.  I got the pulled pork sandwich , the girlfriend had a beef brisket sandwich, and we shared a half chicken.  Everything was great.  They even gave us a free pork rib to try on the way out because we hadn't had any ribs!
5	I am a BBQ snob. I've had BBQ from Memphis to Raleigh to Atlanta and beyond. I didn't expect anything great in PIT. I have to say though that this is some of the best bbq I have ever had. Like others have said, the sauce is really good without overpowering the meat. I had the ribs and the pulled pork. Both had very well balanced smoke and meat flavor.Not only is the BBQ top rate, but the sides are outstanding. The beans had 3 kinds of beans in them, were smoky, spicy and had nice big pieces of bacon. The cornbread had big kernels of corn and was dense and moist. My favorite were the baked apples. Think of the most tasty baked apples you have ever had and you are close to what these are - amazing.If you are within 50 miles of PIttsburgh and like BBQ, I would recommend making sure to stop here next time you are in the area. It is tucked behind a Days Inn, so keep your eyes out for the sign. Yelp gave the hours as 11-7 but it is 11-8 everyday!
4	Some of the best BBQ I ever had, no questions asked, but not a restaurant unfortunately. They do have a few tables to sit outside, weather permitting. Plan on picking up some awesome food to be consumed elsewhere.
5	[+] huge portions have tried pulled pork and brisket "my mother makes the best brisket" you really could get away with sharing 1 meal with 2 people great side options..beans, corn bread, potato salad maybe some of the best bbq Ive ever had and i lived in North Carolina for 2 years [-] seating location flies
5	Mmmm...BBQ.I am a sucker for convenience. This place got an extra star just for being close to my apartment. The location on Banksville Road is a tiny little shack behind the Days Inn (There are other locations that are more restaurant like) and is carry-out only, unless you feel like a picnic table in the summer.I always get the beef brisket. It has just the right amount of lean meat and spice. I can't handle spice very easy, and though this isn't exactly mild (not hot but won't disappoint the bbq faithful for being weak) I suffer through because it is just. so. good.And the cornbread! I could write a sonnet on the cornbread!I am not picky about my conbread. I will make the just add water and oil box variety at home-slap some butter on it and I'm pretty pleased. But this cornbread! So moist ( a word I've only utilized to describe a really good brownie) but not leaden and it has actual corn kernels in it. Yumm!
2	I don't understand what people see in this place. I can honestly say that I was not blown away by anything I ate there (nor were any of the other people I came here with). The ribs were bland and had no discernible smoke ring. The brisket was not freshly cut and was very dry with no smokey flavor. I was not impressed by their BBQ sauce or any of the sides.  When I hear people talk about the food here, they say, "The BBQ is good for Pittsburgh..." People should not use the location of a restaurant as a justification for it not being as good as other places. There are plenty of great restaurants in Pittsburgh that stand on their own and can go toe-to-toe with places all over the nation. Don't settle.
4	Two things that I miss since turning veg in  January, BBQ and BBQ. This place has it all, brisket, chicken, pork, and all the fixings. Don't worry about me though, I get my fix from Morningstar Farms Ribletts. Sorry ....that's another review.The Pittsburgh BBQ company is hidden behind Banksville Rd, you can smell it before seeing it. And that smell is amazing, more amazing as you get closer.  I used to order the brisket sandwich, it was tender, juicy, and loaded with smoky flavor from slow and low smoking. The slaw and beans rounded out this dish that no steak can ever wish to top. The chicken was good too, as are the ribs. But to me BBQ means brisket.I still get the beans though, pretty damn good and they really fill that void for BBQ!Hurry this place will be shutting down for the winter, usually they shut the doors for the winter in November and reopen in the spring.
5	Greta vinegary sauce, love the brisket sandwich on a hard roll.  Great mac n' cheese, stellar cornbread.  It's not a cheap meal, but its not made up of cheap ingredients.  The ribs are pretty good, and the pulled pork is also excellent.  I like the sauce on the side, so you can really appreciate the smoked taste in the meats.  I'm glad this is close-by, so I can satisfy my BBQ fix when I get the hankerin'.
4	I passed this place on the way to work everyday for the last 7 months. Since it was closed for winter months, I had to wait until March to stop by...and then kept putting it off for awhile simply because of the location-I take a different way home than I take in the morning to get to work. Well let me tell you...I should have stopped on opening day. This place is great! It's hidden off from Banksville Road and you see always see the steady stream of smoke coming from the fresh barbeque. It's just a little place...with grills outside and just an ordering counter inside. (there is also a sign on the menu...encouraging you to Yelp about your experience!) We ordered pulled pork and mac n cheese. I'll start with the mac n cheese...it was not good. I'm sorry...I am digging this place, but the mac n cheese had so little cheese on it that it looked and kind of tasted like buttered macaroni. It was cooked all day in a giant soup pot-sort of like you see in a cafeteria or in Giant Eagle in the prepared foods section. I'm wondering if perhaps the cheese almost cooks off when it's been sitting there all day...whatever the case, pass on the mac.The pulled pork was a TOTALLY different story. It was succulent and juicy. Full of flavor. And it came with a side of the great house bbq sauce. Seriously delicious. It tasted like summertime. The other meats looked great too...the chicken looked and smelled so yummy, and I can't wait to try the ribs and the brisket. The sides simply don't fit my taste...I could so go for some grilled corn on the cob...or a fire roasted corn dish of some sort. mm mm mm. For now, I'll stick to ordering the meat there and preparing some easy sides at home.Due to the nature of the business this place is seasonal...don't put it off...go today!
5	This was the best father's day idea yet. Go get bbq! Living relatively close to this place we decided to go ahead and give it a shot. so glad we did. We ordered a pound of pulled pork and a pound of brisket. The brisket was phenomenal. Great pink smoke ring, and it was perfectly done. Just off the smoker.  House made sauce was tangy and just how I like it. I'm incredibly happy we tried this place and will go back. it was a perfect end to a great fathers day.
4	Those who say that money can't buy happiness have never purchased a rack of PGH BBQ's slow smoked pork ribs with a side of home made sweet corn bread!  Their standard grilled ribs were still good, but not as tender, do not deprive yourself of the magic that their smoker works on whatever is lovingly placed in it!I consider myself a discerning authority on BBQ and soul food and they have some of the best smoked ribs, pulled pork and hands down the best corn bread I've ever had in my life.  The corn bread is so sweet and flaky it melts on your tongue, and it has sweet corn in it that explodes on your tongue like flavor crystals.Conveniently located near Murrysville and Downtown Pittsburgh this is a great place to pick up food before a game or for takeout for a party.  They have picnic tables available if you want to eat there, but they are primarily geared for takeout.  They also offer signature catering including pig roasts, a fairly unique offering which I fully intend to take advantage of for my next massive party.If you're in the area and you appreciate bbq, take advantages of PGH BBQ's massive smoker and treat yourself to some of the best soul food in Pittsburgh!
4	Positives*Generous portions- You get a lot of meat for your money.*Good selection - brisket, pork, chicken, lots of sides*Good service - they are polite and efficient, and get your food as fast as they can.*A few excellent dishes - I think the brisket is incredible, as is the mac and cheese. Everything is good, but these two really stand out.*Good quality - in both meat and ingredientsNegative*Horrendous location - tough to get to, weird spot. Especially if you do not live to the West of the city. Some have said it is close to downtown, which is true, but you have to go through the Fort Pitt tunnel to get there, which is usually a humongous pain to deal with.Overall, the food is very good, great if you have a craving for BBQ, and you get a whole lot of it. Definitely the best I have found in Pittsburgh.
4	Homina, homina, homina....I rolled up on a Friday afternoon for a couple sandwiches before they close for the season.  The smell is amazing.  The menu here is modest, which is good.  I don't need to many options when it comes to BBQ.  I decided on the pulled pork and chicken as well as a side of cole slaw.  The gentleman filling my order asked me if I'd like the meat packaged separately instead of him assembling the sandwiches since this was a to-go order.  I thanked him for his wonderful idea.  My order was filled quickly and I was on my way, drooling from the enticing aroma.  I'll get the bad news out of the way first.  The cole slaw was dry and did not seem fresh.  I'm guessing they make a batch for the whole week on Wednesday and by Friday it's not so good.  But I can forgive the dry cole slaw only because the pulled pork was a thing of beauty.  When I opened the container, I was overjoyed to see the seasoned and burnt ends carelessly mingling with the pink colored smoke ring and some other bits and pieces.  Often pulled pork does not include the ends so it looks pretty and more presentable.  I prefer this messy hodge podge that contains all the flavor.  The sauce was good, but honesty, I didn't even think that the pulled pork needed it.  The pulled chicken was presented much the same way but I did add some sauce to it.  Should I talk about the portions?  I had enough for 3 sandwiches from each container.  Had it been assembled for eating there I'm not sure I would have received as much...or my sandwich would have been overflowing with meaty goodness.  I should thank Darren W for his info but also update it.  Yes, Pittsburgh Barbecue Company is on Banksville Avenue.  The Days Inn is a good landmark to watch for as PBC is just behind it.  If you are on Banksville Road heading into town, the left turn for Banksville Avenue is just before the Days Inn (and if you pay attention you will see a small sign that directs you to BBQ).  There is no median to block the way now and there is a turning lane.  If you are on Banksville Road heading away from town, you will be making a right turn on to Banksville Avenue just after passing the Days Inn.  There is also a street sign that you may not notice coming the other way.It should also be noted that they have restricted hours.  They are only open Wednesday through Sunday and are closed from November until March.  They also have an outdoor tent with picnic chairs in case you just can't wait to get home.  I know it's almost time for PBC to close up shop, but making it over for another round before November is definitely on my to-do list.
4	My son and I tried the pulled pork, st Louis ribs, and brisket.  The brisket was one of the best I have had, and I spent a lot of time eating BBQ in Texas, so that says something.  The bark was excellent, the rub came through nicely and there was a good smoky taste.  The pulled pork was tasty as well, still moist and smoky.  The ribs were good as well, though I would have preferred some of the brisket rub on them for an extra kick.  We also tried the beans, coleslaw, and baked apples.  All were very goof representatives, and the baked apples may now be my favorite BBQ dessert. even over other traditional BBQ deserts like sweet potato pie and banana pudding.The folks behind the counter were fun people, we enjoyed talking BBQ with them as we were figuring out what we wanted to order.  In for the weekend from Colorado, had a hankering for BBQ, and am quite happy with what we found here!
5	Honestly, there is no better BBQ in the burgh.  Hands down, awesome. I have been here many times and eaten many things - chicken, ribs, sides (mac and cheese and cornbread are to die for), but nothing, I tell you nothing, compares to the catering that can be done.  When my husband and I had our wedding party at our home, we wanted something special and unique.  So I called up Pittsburgh BBQ and ordered up a whole pig to be delivered to our Brookline home on a truck to display for all the world to see.  The whole pig arrived, was on display for about an hour and then was chopped into pulled pork deliciousness.  We also got tons of sides and had mounds of leftovers for a completely reasonable amount of money. Have a party, get a pig, be infamous!
4	Tucked away on the way towards regions unknown lies a nice lil barbecue joint.Though not much for seating, this is definitely a nice spot to check out if you can squeeze over here during lunch for some takeout, or want to bring home a worthy ready-to-go picnic.PROS:1.) Excellent Service2.) Tasty BBQ 3.) Fair prices4.) Amazzzzin' cornbreadCONS: 1.) Some of the sides are underwhelming2.) Wish there was more variety of barbecue sauces3.) Not cooked/finished to orderI'd have to say this place, as a whole, is definitely a gem. The (owner I think) gave us literally one of everything on the menu because my friend was here from the UK. He tossed us extra sides, and gave us a huge bargain. Now, onto the good bits..the actual food.The brisket was akin to grown-up beef jerky. A tiny bit dry, but that didn't really affect my overall perception. The burnt bits surrounding the meat was a meat icing on my carnivorous cake.The pulled chicken was interesting; I was less of a fan of it on a bun (not overly seasoned) but by itself it was far more delightful.Pulled pork was choice. I don't think I can pick out much of a complaint hereSpare ribs/full rubs:  I much preferred the full, fattier beef ribs to the trimmed ones. Fat = awesome and I think it's a selling point to why ribs are so tasty.Mac and cheese: Though it had promise, I am eternally against storing pasta with the sauce. This ruins the texture as the pasta absorbs the sauce. It was decent though.Macaroni Salad: Ah, this let me down a bit too. There just wasn't much to talk about here.Simmered Apples: Though it's not winning a complexity contest, I was completely fine with these hanging out on their own accordCornbread: Yea. Get the cornbread. Trust me.Overall this ruled. My point about wanting food to order should be clarified; I think having some fresh grill marks and temperature would have been greatly appreciated, but I understand that this establishment is a little more fast service. The food is served from chafing dishes. Interestingly enough I think this is a catch 22 as smoked meats are generally prone to overdrying, and I think there would be a confict of fast service if all the food was cooked on the spot. Oh well.Go here please. AND TELL EM BRIAN SENT YA(please don't tell them I sent you.)
4	We had the Pittsburgh Barbecue Company cater a large picnic (100+ people) over Memorial Day and they were great! Their prices are reasonable, they were friendly and helpful the day of the event, and best of all the food was amazing. The pork from the pig roast was great, they brought all of the napkins/plates/utensils, and all of the sides were perfect. The cornbread was a huge hit!
5	We had the Pittsburgh BBQ Company cater our wedding on August 17, 2013 and we are SO happy we went with them.The value was absolutely incredible & the food was amazing. All our guests loved everything - especially the cornbread. I should note that we, our families, & a good number of our friends are originally from the Carolinas, so we are pretty discerning when it comes to good BBQ... this definitely got two thumbs up all around.They were great to work with - the servers & bartender we hired through them were fabulous & hard-working.If I had anything negative to say at all, it would be that sometimes my email interactions with Judee were not as easy as I wanted them to be. However, she was always available via phone, and was super nice & helpful, so I'm chalking that one up to the fact that not everyone loves email as much as I do. It definitely doesn't change my rave review at all & I wouldn't hesitate to work with her/them in the future.In fact, we're already contemplating throwing a pig roast party catered by them in the near future...Bottom line: Delicious food, fantastic value, great people. Go here, eat here.
4	A most unfortunate location doesn't seem to phase Pittsburgh BBQ much. They may be right off Banksville Road from downtown, but blink and you'll miss the turn. I honestly really believed for the longest time that the only way you could enter in is if you were coming from town! I just realized you can turn at the hotel and make your way along the gravel drive. Not the most convenient, but if you want BBQ, you find a way to get it!Since passing them day after day I was eager to try and I will say they did not disappoint. I like the idea that you can get a combo meal. So one meat and two sides, plus a drink. And it's a lot of food! I ate for two days after! I ordered up the brisket, which was tender. The baked beans, which had a mixture of beans in a tangy sauce and the cornbread. It was the gooood cornbread too. You know, the kind that's made with bits of corn in it. Plus, they gave me a bun for the brisket to make a sammie. I liked the sauce too, it tasted strong of vinegar and wasn't very thick. My hubby, on the other hand, was not a fan of his meal at all. Weird since mine was so good! I can't speak for the ribs, because I didn't try them, but I took a bite of his mac n' cheese and it was AWFUL! It tasted very weird. I was really surprised considering BBQ places usually do it up big with the mac. Bummer.I'd for sure go back, but maybe avoid the mac.
5	If I could give 6 stars I would. Now with that said I really have no other choice but to tell you that yes I don't like vinegar based BBQ sauce and yes that's what they serve. So why in the world would the rating be so high? Well because I was given no other choice. After circling the area for an extra 5 min thanks to GPS we arrived at the pearly gates of BBQ heaven. Walking in Vince introduced himself to one of the very nice guys who seamed to be the manager. He came over introduced himself and even gave my boy some dabs. Once I found the menu on the right wall and had the girl at the register explain it a bit we went with 1/2 pound each of pulled pork, brisket and a ribs. The sides we chose were baked beans and corn bread. Once we had paid the girl at the counter remembered my sons name and said bye Vincent. I was very impressed. There is a single little bench outside that was open so we took a seat. Once we started to open stuff up we realized the girl that was next to us in line got our order and we get hers. It was an honest mistake. We ended up with a pound each of pulled pork and pulled chicken. She took the bag closest to her. So Bry went in told them what happened and reappeared 5 min later with a bit of everything they had. The pulled pork was my favorite. It was so tender and the flavor was perfect. The chicken tasted like it had been marinated in vinegar so it wasn't quite my thing. However it was cooked to perfection. The ribs were fall off the bone good even though they left the membrane on. One of the guys even told Bry there butcher takes the membrane off. So maybe they need to talk to the butcher. I have to agree the Mac and cheese isn't anything to rave about. It wasn't very creamy but My son likes it. The cornbread is amazing!!! The sauce is a vinegar sauce but it's not overpowering like so many places I have tried. I actually really liked the spicy sauce. The vinegar cut the spice nicely. The service hear is amazing and they go out of there way to make sure you are happy and understand that it's not just about the food it's about the entire experience. I will have no issue coming back here for a yummy pulled pork sandwich with some spicy vinegar based BBQ sauce.
4	I have been here a couple of times, most recently a couple of Sundays ago with my fiance for dinner.  Getting to their location isn't too terrible but the problem is that it is difficult to see from Banksville road.  The inside of the shop is nice and clean and you can see all the meats that they have in a giant display case.  If you happen to order some ribs or brisket they cut it right then and there in front of you.  The workers here are also very friendly and have talked to us quite a bit each time that I have been there.For dinner on this night my fiance and I decided to share a number of different meats and so went with the pulled pork, smoked chicken and brisket with sides of cornbread and macaroni and cheese.  We were also asked what kind of sauce we would like: spicy, regular or a combination.  We choose the combination which got us two of each which was more than enough for all of food we had ordered.  The spicy one had a nice little burn to it that seemed to grow as you ate more or it yet wasn't too spicy while the sweet one also had a flavor that I enjoyed.  One thing that was nice about all of the meats here is that you could easily taste the smoke on all of them.  My favorite of the meats that we ordered happened to be the brisket which was seasoned nicely.  The smoked chicken was my second favorite which surprised me since I am not much of a chicken on the bone type of guy.  It was moist and had a great smoky flavor that didn't overpower the chicken flavor.  Finally the pulled pork was also pretty good although not nearly as good as the other two.  As for our sides, I am not a huge cornbread fan and so only took a small nibble of it and it tasted fine.  The mac and cheese ended up being decent but it seemed to be more like something I could make out of a box than a really good mac and cheese.  Of course I should probably remember that this was a side dish at a BBQ place and not a gourmet mac and cheese at which point it was fine.The bottom line for me is that I will be back here again in the future.  I have enjoyed all of the meats that I have had here and really enjoy their BBQ sauce as well.
4	Definitely worth getting too it's just one of those hidden gems we have in Pittsburgh just off the beaten path that's part of mystique of it and then it's your own little treasure !I tried the pulled pork sandwich with regular BBQ sauce the portion was huge it comes with a knife and fork you'll need it .Definitely will be going back to explore the rest of the menu
4	Good BBQ, vinegar based BBQ aside I def liked the pulled pork. The cold slaw was lacking, and the whole no place to sit or even wash your hands kinda sucked. But it's def a good place to just grab some takeout!
3	We had take out dinner since the only seating is outside on benches by the road. Surprised no indoor seating. We had two pork sandwiches baked beans and baked apples with drinks.. $28. A little pricey. The pork was dry and the sauce was nothing special. The baked beans had an assortment of beans and were tasty and so was the baked apples. The portions were ample. Definitely not the best BBQ that i have tasted. The ratings are overrated. I was hoping for a better experience. WONT GO BACK...
5	The cornbread should be illegal as it has addictive properties. Order a few pieces so you don't immediately have to drive back for more. The ribs are awesome. Best value for ribs is their rib combo (half rack, 2 sides,a drink). They don't really have anything that I'd rate low, except the mac & cheese. Just beware the withdrawal symptoms when they close for the winter.
5	Just picked up a smoked turkey, I live 5 minutes away, remember this is the day before thanksgiving. Brought it in and thought I would unwrap it a bit and look. Thought.....I'll just try it, my god! It was so moist and melted in my mouth, not too smokey, absolutely perfect! Started thanksgiving today folks! Yum! Oh.... And the staff was amazing, friendly and attentive, love them! If you haven't tried this place you should. I also happen to know the brisket is the best I've had.
