2	You know it's a classy joint when you check your bag at the front and are presented with a wristlet.  It bought me back to the Bronx with stripperific one time wear pieces for low prices. The $2 jewelry intrigued me and after scanning every plastic, neon, and gaudy piece, I was finally able to find a set with 2 wearable earrings (small fake pearl and diamond). All in all, not for me. I would consider coming back for Halloween.
5	Loved this store.  It so lives up to it's name.  Cute clothes.  Great shoe selection too.  It was very affordable.  Have to say it's now one of my favorites.
5	I am a BIG fan of Priceless. The clothes are not only hip, cute and in style - you can walk out of there with a brand new outfit (bottom, top and undershirt or accessories) for less than $30! I purchase a lot of my clothes here and have always had good service. The staff is always ready to help with opinions if you need someone to let you know how an outfit looks - the last time I went in the sales girl was even nice enough not to lie and told me that what I had on was not flattering and suggested some alternatives that looked much better. What I enjoy is how the store is laid out - color coded so if you're looking for something specific, you don't have to rifle through every rack to find it. The only downside to these clothes is that sometimes they require mending. I purchased a silk over shirt for work and after three wearings and one washing a button came off - but for what I paid, I don't mind spending a few minuets mending a button or two here or there. I would recommend this place if you're looking for something cheap and quick to wear out on the town.
4	First off I have never had my bag checked when shopping here, I kinda wish I had though, I would probably feel a bit cooler. Living the thug life G!Ok, ok focus. Priceless is great. Remember you get what you pay for, and you don't pay much for the clothes here. They are cheap and cute and the store is huge so I have never left empty handed. They also have a website so if you find something cute and they don't have your size you can always order it online. I've gotten 2 dresses and a jacket here and I get tons of compliments each time I have worn them. And each piece was under $30 bucks. Boooya.
4	First time I have ever been to this store and I was very pleased! As soon as I walked through the door the employees were very nice and everything was spread out and not to cluttered. The prices are very good and the clothes are really cute! Definitely a store I would recommend to my friends and I'll definitely be back!
4	I've never been to the store but only online. I wanted to complement the customer service. My package got delivered to the wrong place and they called me to tell me that they had found it and wanted to make sure I knew so I could pick it up. I thought it was awesome they went to the trouble to make sure I received it so thumbs up in the department. Many retail store don't really care.
