4	This place turned out to be a real gem.  I found it by accident on google maps and the price was right, the location was good for what we wanted to do, it was close to the metro, all things I figured out from the web page and google.  I was surprised it wasn't on Yelp, but I later found out it changed its name a little while back and that could be it.The room we got had a high ceiling, clean and bright room and enough space to move around.  The staff was friendly and very helpful.  The hotel is filled with contemporary art, including some sculptures out front.  But lots of interesting things inside.  Even though there was a conference going on and we were near some of the meeting salons it was never load and very relaxing.  I would most certainly go back.  The price was comparable to the other things in the area but maybe a tad less.  Give it a try on your next trip if you need to be by old town but not really in it.  Plus, with the metro so close does it really matter?  You can get to just about anywhere or close enough with that, which is what we did!
5	L'hotel is an upscale hotel in the center of Montreal's Old Town but, unlike most of the hotels in the area, it has a more modern feel.  Fun artwork abounds both inside and outside of the hotel and the blue outdoor lights make it incredibly easy to spot it from a distance (and find your way back if you're a tourist).  And its surrounded by great restaurants and cultural attractions.And the room - a steal.  We reserved a standard king room but they were overbooked and gave us a king suite for the same price.  The room was larger than my apartment!
5	When we arrived, we were able to park out front and walk right in.  At 7 on Dec 30th, we must've been one of the last to check in to our room booked on Hotels.com because we were upgraded to a suite due to overbooked.  Sweet! (It was my birthday)  We stayed in the room that used to be the one of the bank's vaults when the building was a bank.  It was spacious, comfortable, quiet as heck, and clean.  It was a little chilly but we could adjust the thermostat.  The bathroom is a little basic (compared to the Sofitel where we stayed the last time we were in Montreal).  The location is amazing, the price is right, and the included breakfast/easy parking made it all an experience we want to repeat.  I highly recommend staying here.  If you do get stuck valeting you car, it's $22/24 hrs with unlimited in/out.
5	Stayed a few nights here in the other day. Overall i was incredibly happy. The room was one of the huge spacious rooms that is advertised on their website and the entire experience couldnt have been smoother. Everyone was incredibly helpful and it just worked out perfectly. the hotel is full of original art from the 20th century and has a lot of character.  The fact that it is in the old city and about 5 min from notre dame made it the perfect location for a weekend in Montreal. Arriving in the winter (even though the temperature went up to 70s while i was there) let me take advantage of very low rates.
4	Great little hotel, well priced for the level of accommodation. Found easy street parking out front. Lots of quirky art in lobby , halls, and rooms ( at least ours so assume all)   It is an old building so rooms are all unique with very high ( 15ft?!) ceilings and classic furniture. I would stay here over any of the big chains unless you want to spend double for something really fancy.
4	My husband and I stayed here in August 2012 for vacation.  The hotel is in a great location, right in Old Montreal, which (I think) is the best part of Montreal.  It is within walking distance of the Notre Dame Basilica, Old Port, and all of Old Montreal.  We were also able to walk to the 2 restaurants we really wanted to try; Garde Manger and Quattro (which were both SO good).  The staff is really friendly and very helpful.  We were greeted upon arrival with a cold bottle of water and the check-in/check-out processes were very easy.  They had lots of great suggestions as to where to go for food and drinks.The room was very clean and the super high ceilings really added to the grand and luxurious feeling of the place.  The bath products smell really good!  Also, the free Wi-Fi actually is free and works well.The only cons, and this depends on how important these are to you, are:--No breakfast included in the cost of the hotel.  Breakfast is $15 per person extra.--No free parking.  They have valet for $22 per day.--No pool.--Their fitness area is pretty lame.  One treadmill, 2 bikes, one rack of adjustable weights that didn't work properly, and 2 exercise balls.
5	The location, the service, the atmosphere, the breakfast, and especially the room itself: everything about this hotel was a class act.  Apparently the owner is one of the founders of Guess clothing, which makes sense because whoever decorated the hotel has a great eye for style.No free parking, but what do you expect when you are situated right smack in the middle of downtown.  It is half a block from the Notre Dame Basilica, where we saw an awesome light show.  It is also close walking distance from the subway and the touristy area full of great restaurants.All in all this was an excellent choice and helped make our Thanksgiving weekend trip to Montreal a success.
1	The quality of the staff and cleanliness of the rooms is fine. Location is good. But this is a hotel you'll either love or hate, as every corner of hotel is decorated in pop art. My room had two very large Lichtenstein's, staring down at me.  The lobby is filled with paintings and statues; painting adore the entire length of every hallway. For me, and I'm guessing a good many others, it's just way too much of not such a good thing. That you cannot ever get away from it, even in your room, was too much for me. If you love this stuff, however, you're sure to enjoy your stay here.
5	We could not have been happier with this hotel. Location in old Montreal was perfect with great service and friendly staff that always had a smile and a willingness to make our stay perfect. Room was spacious and that bed was way too comfortable. Internet was quick, the coffee was a keurig brewer. We didn't drink in the lounge but it looked great. This place is our new favorite.
4	Bonjour mes amies! This hotel is perfectly located within walking distance to shopping and is right on the edge of Old Montreal. Parfait for a luxurious night's sleep. Admittedly, we didn't spend much time in the hotel, and the time we did spend here was pretty much drunkenly walking through the lobby and going straight to bed. I do remember that the decor is art-centric, and most of it is pretty lovely. The staff is super friendly and the rooms are huge, colourful and come with everything you could need. I'm a big fan of hotel rooms that aren't trying to be modern-chic and house real wooden furniture, and this place suits my taste juuuust fine.My only complaint is that the elevator is small, old and gave me the willies.
4	"I need some air." You know you're a true claustrophobic if you're just sitting there needing to escape to crack a window. Claustrophobia, let me explain it simply, isn't always to the degree of needing to huff a brown paper bag to snap back into reality; it's feeling like the walls are inching closer to you like the garbage compactor in Star Wars (you better put Leia first, Luke!), and you just need to get outside, or crack a window. I am one who often suffers from this... having to crack windows constantly, step out for fresh air and seek out places to be which have high ceilings or have enough space. It's not always about being cramped around people, even the emptiest of spaces can squeeze in. And that's where LHotel comes in as the place that creates a room where no window-cracking or paper bags are necessary. Those high ceilings (floor to ceiling windows!) rest all of my nerves and I could stay in this room all weekend. Unabashedly, they do their thing here. There's art everywhere, there's a phone in front of the toilet saying, "you know you just want to pick it up because you can," and there's art everywhere. It's a hyperreal place, somuchso you walk outside and there's a movie or photo shoot. It's walkable to anything for a 48 hour jaunt to the city. It's affordable. The mark of a good hotel is after your stay you say to yourself: damn, I sort of wish we were in the room more. A real breath of fresh air, this place.
4	Montreal! Yes! I'd been wanting to come to this city for years and it did not disappoint in the least.I began my adventure in earnest at L'Hotel. Check0in was easy and pleasant; the employees seem to enjoy working here and I can see why. The property mixes pop art with classic, Old World hotel standards. That means good sized rooms with high ceilings and Lichtenstein paintings. Overstuffed chairs and pink penguins. Royal beds (so plush and comfortable) and.. COLOR ME BADD on the PA system! This hotel is, like, 'whoa' and makes no sense and I love it. Every floor and room is adorned in pop art. Take the time to wander the floors (and stairwells) to take it all in. My bathroom was replete with subway tile & a pedestal sink. Plenty of dark wood and large furniture pieces made me feel as though I was in an old European standard but when I walked in the hallway, I could hear ODB rapping about how far he goes back with Mariah Carey. #awesomeThe hotel is at the edge of the Old Montreal neighborhood, so you're close enough to restaurants, shops and sights but you're not in the thick of things to stay up all night with hootin' and hollerin'... which is a good thing because I found the walls/door to be a wee bit thin (to be expected in an older property). Housekeeping could have bit a bit better, as well. Upon check-in the oh-so-familiar long black witch hair greeted me on the bathroom floor. I threw a floor towel over it, looked for some incense to burn and tried to forget about it. After all, I was in Montreal. I had things to do!
2	This hotel was a MAJOR disappointment, particularly for the price and all the false hype it's received.1) Yes, it's in an old bank, but it's full of modern art that doesn't flow at all with the historic nature of the building or the decor that fills it. 2) Besides for the art, the rooms are so cheaply decorated. Our room was really depressing. It was dimly lit, hardly decorated, and the fixtures and furniture were really tacky/cheap.3) It smells! The room--and most of the hotel--has a musty, old smell to it. 4) The staff are all high school or college students who completely lack any sense of customer service. We asked about a tour of Montreal and they said they'd find out the details and call us back. They found out basic info that was not very helpful, then never even followed-up on the rest of our questions.5) The hotel is majorly lacking in porters and concierges. We waited 15 minutes for a bellman to gather our bags from the room. Finally, after waiting so long, we just hauled our 5 bags downstairs ourselves.Yes, it's in a great location but no, I do not recommend this hotel. Spend a little more and stay at a hotel that's worth its reputation--the St. James.
4	Adorable. Great art, the charm of the older building. If you're going for a fitness center, theirs isn't much. (The only treadmill "slips" and almost threw me off even at a walking pace.) Helpful staff and attention to detail in the experience.
4	Found this interesting boutique hotel through an excellent deal on Expedia. I was expecting just an average/acceptable hotel, but was extremely impressed. I am not a huge fan of modern art, so the art collection was not a selling point for me, but the overall accommodations are outstanding. The rooms are beautiful and very well appointed with all of the luxuries (e.g., thick robes, comfortable beds) that one would expect from a much more expensive hotel. The high ceilings in the rooms make the space feel very grand and open. The staff was very friendly and helpful. With so many cafes in the area, we didn't bother eating in the hotel, so I can't speak to the food. The location is perfect: right in the heart of old Montreal and just a few short blocks to the Metro station. I would heartily recommend this place to anyone looking for a hotel in Montreal.
5	I can't think of anything about this hotel that I didn't like! Granted, I realize it's not for everyone, so let's cover that:- This a boutique hotel, not some watered-down chain. It is quirky, artsy and unique. But, it is clean, well-maintained and beautiful.- There is no restaurant, although they do serve breakfast every morning in a dedicated dining room. But, with all the amazing restaurants in the city, why would you want to eat in the hotel?- The rooms are all different, both in decor and size. But that's what makes it fun, and they are functional. Our room was small, but with sky-high ceilings and somewhat eye-illusion, minimal furniture, it felt comfortable. And, while there wasn't much shelf or vanity space in the bathroom, there were sufficient hooks.- There's no self-parking, unless you want to feed the meters out front 23 hours a day and move your car at 6:00 a.m. Valet parking is $22 a day, and they will fetch and take back your car as many times as you want; note that it does take a good 15 minutes to retrieve your car though. The staff is friendly and youthful. The lobby is a cozy place to hang out and grab a drink from the bar while admiring the eclectic artwork collection. Half the TV channels are in French, but you are in French Canada. The views aren't great, but you are located right in the heart of Vieux Montreal, and the front of the building is stunning -- be a tourist and get your picture taken in front of the replica LOVE sculpture.Yeah, we could have stayed at the Westin or Intercontinental a block away and known exactly what we were getting, but I wouldn't trade L'Hotel for anything, and I will definitely stay there again the next time I visit.
3	Hotel itself is lovely, decor and art is very impressive.  Rooms lovely, the high ceilings are really nice, breakfast is great.A lovely place for a couple to go, but don't bother if you are a woman on your own.  The staff won't help you get you luggage out to the taxi, they'll just watch you try to carry it down the steps.  And don't bother getting them to call a taxi for you, whatever service they choose to use specializes in drivers who are late, slow, ignorant, and won't help you put your luggage in the car, and the staff don't care.In short, a great place for a couple to go, but as a single person, they don't want to help you, so don't bother.
