3	Errrrrrrmmm....If you're open 24 hours, you should have consistent service all 24 hours, right?I work nights and was driving through around 1am on a weeknight. It took an average amount of time, but by the time I drove the remaining 10 miles home, my food was cold. Was it because the cheese inside my cheese enchiladas wasn't even melted? Yes, yes it was. I'm sure I'll try again since it's 24 hours and sometimes you just gotta have Roberto's in the middle of the night, but on first experience, it wasn't so great.
3	I love the Menudo here! I get random cravings for it on the weekends. The problem about this place is The menudo is the best thing here. The burritos and tacos are very average. Its good for late night hung over food but that's about it.  It also upsets me that there is a service charge for using a debit card, whats up with that?
3	Lets start with the friendly staff. The woman who took my order was running the drive through along with the main register. She did quite well and was very friendly even when some drunks spilled their soda on the condiment bar. With exception of the customer created mess the restaurant was clean. The food was mad quick and was ok. Some of the Steak in my Steak Fries was cold and their steak is pre-cooked. The Bean an Cheese Burrito was ok. I was satisfied with the meal for the price. I gave it 3 stars, because the Fort Apache and Tropicana Roberto's makes is a a lot better with the quality of food.
3	I love their California Burritos.  Reason for the 3 stars?  Something funny, I think the cheese they use at this Roberto's taste different than the other's I've been to.  Also the the french fries they put in the burrito is consistently undercooked.  Other Roberto's restaurants seem to cook them better.  Tip:  If you want to try a similar taco shop, try Faustos.  There's one up on College and Horizon next to Panda Expres.  Their CA burrito has carne asada, rice, guac, sour cream, and cheese... pretty good!  And their carnes asada fries are awesome!
3	Roberto's on Boulder is very good 'cheap' food.  For those of you that have never been to a Roberto's, don't expect dim lighting and fresh flowers...it's a fast-food Mexican joint for Pete's sake! :)  I don't recommend being in a rush if going through the drive-thru...it should really be classified as "semi-fast food"...lol.Tacos+rice+beans= snoopy dance by me.
4	I'm gonna update this Roberto's because the overnight chick is now wicked awesome. Have ordered from her a couple times and she is smiley, likes her job, and gets stuff right. This morning, my tortilla was scalding hot because it was so fresh. I would much rather be burned than have gross old tortilla enveloping my breakfast deliciousness. Much deserved star bump for the overnight chick! Roberto, give her a raise!
2	Good mexican fast food.  Not special... But definitely better than the other shit fast food options that are around.  Fresh produce, decent guac, meat seems to be fresh too...It's just nothing special.  I won't be craving Roberto's, but if I'm looking for a quick bite and they're around, it's a done deal.
3	Vegas folks love their fast food Mexican and Roberto's are always a decent stop for a breakfast burrito or carne asada burrito.  Keep your taqueria demands simple and Roberto's is a solid choice.This Roberto's location is clean, quick, and offers a tasty breakfast burrito.  Solid tomatillo sauce as well.  Not the best in town, but worth a stop if heading home after the bar or needing a morning burrito with pico.
1	I had the worst nachos ever!! I didn't ask for a blob of mean and a few soggy chips under the blob!! I got beef and some pieces looked raw... That was a waste of $8 !
1	Never again will I come here as a piece of wood ended up in my rolled tacos. I'm usually a forgiving person when it comes to stuff like this but one of my front teeth is fake and probably could have busted biting down on A PIECE OF WOOD. No thanks, Robbie. I'll just have to find somewhere else for my late night post-work food needs. Ew.
3	Roberto's is just OK.  I much prefer Fausto's.  Only benefit to Roberto's is there are many more locations than Faustos and open 24 hours.
1	Gotta love when the whole restaurant smells like the bathroom. I've been to some hole in the wall places that haven't smelled as bad as this place. I've been to plenty of Robertos in the past. This one wasn't very good. It's hard to mess up carne asada nachos. I know it's an Americanized dish but at least melt the cheese on the nachos. There was a lot of meat on them but the whole thing seemed really salty.
3	Had breakfast burritos here with the wife one Saturday morning.  We were the only people in the joint.  Roberto's food is never overwhelming but it's usually average.  This visit was no different.  The burritos are ENORMOUS, so you get a lot of food for your money.  I recommend adding salsa, they can use some additional flavor.  This location was very clean, I'll give them that.  The salsa bar was clutter free and all of the tables were clean.  There are certainly better places for Mexican food, but Roberto's is reliable, inexpensive and quick.
3	I've been going to Roberto's for so many years. Not a lot has changed except the prices! If you want yummy mexican fast food that is a better then Taco Bell this is your place. They have drive thrus and most are open 24 hours. I've always liked them for a late night meal. Some of my favorte things to get are the Carne Asada Nachos, a Chicken Chimichunga and cheese enchiladas. I also enjoy their menudo on the weekends. Roberto's is yummy for sure! It's a clean location and has friendly staff. The salsa bar is  always stocked and has fresh salsa. If you've never been your missing out!
5	This is my go to Mexican place in my hood. Love me some spicy carrots and onions. I always get the shrimp cocktail. Delish. They so a pretty good job at the drive thru providing salsa.
4	3 cars deep.... 1130, on a wednesday.While it isn't the fanciest, it's actually better food than I have had most places that are a "real" sit down restaruant.Ordered the carnitas tacos, and a fish taco. Carnitas were a little crunchy on the outside. The fish taco had too much cabbage on top for me... But over all, no complaints. Their breakfast burritos are quite good, and filling. You will only need one of those, and then a nap.
1	Don't waste your time, the food is not good.  Taco bell or Del taco has better and cheaper food.
1	Gross. Just gross. I wanted to like this place, it came highly recommended by locals. But I cannot understand what they are all raving about. Greasy, slimy, overcooked, mess. One of the nastiest Mexican meals we've ever had and upset our stomachs for days. The local Taco Bell has better reviews than this place, which I thought was hysterical, but now can understand why.
3	Ok this is better than taco bell. The burritos are gigantic so you do get a lot for your money...but they are kinda greasy and unhealthy . Some sides cost extra like sour cream, cheese, salsa etc. So the price can go up pretty quickly if you order lots of add ons' so double check what is included on your item first. Overall this place is cheap convenient eats. I'd go here for convenience, but It isn't my favorite. It does have its good points. I'd give a 3 1/2 if I could. The customer service has been great so far.
4	I have been to Roberto's a few times over the years, but came to this location for the first time a few days ago. I haven't been in over 3 years so I will base it off this trip. I had a bunch of family in town so we ordered a buttload of food. The total for 8 adult persons was about $70 (plus we tipped on top of that price). The food took about 10 minutes and not one thing was messed up. Bravo! While we waited we got green and red salsa, radishes, cucumbers, and the spicy carrot mix (all fresh and good, not scary germ cesspool-looking).I personally got the carne asada fries (I requested no onions, but not sure if they come on it), a shredded beef taco, and ordered chips with guacamole and cheese for the table. The carne asada fries were more than I could eat! They were huge and could easily be shared as a full meal for 2. They had carne, cheese, guacamole, sour cream, and beans on them. They were so delicious. I had them the next day and they weren't that bad. Reheated fries are never the same. I also had to eat the taco the next day (I made a good dent in the fries and was too full to eat it) and it was still pretty good. The chips were average. Nothing special honestly. I should have just ordered guacamole and put it on my On The Border chips with cheese I have at home.They had an A grade showing, which if you watch "dirty dining" on the news you will know that Mexican and Chinese food restaurants tend to frequent the C, D, or F grade list. I love Mexican food and was happy to see a drive-thru AND that they are open 24 hrs a day. I do not like Taco Bell all that much, so I will drive an extra 1/4 of a mile around the corner to avoid their diarrhea burritos.
4	Fast friendly accurate service!Clean place.food was fresh smiling faces.Well lit up lobby .nice place way better than the KFC that used to b here!
4	Okay, first things first: it's open 24 hours.  We were looking for somewhere - anywhere - that was open after we checked in at midnight.  The burritos are huge - guacamole included - and tasty.  And they take debit/credit, so that rocks.  Should've got extra salsa though...
3	Wednesday $1 tacos. Tortillas tacos are deep fried so they cone out very crispy. Must eat them asap otherwise they get stale. Chicken is shredded and very lean which btw they are not cheap with their chicken. Two have me pretty happy, three have me full. Breakfast burritos are pretty hefty and tasty. Again, eat right away.
3	I love that there's a drive through. You've gotta get lucky though at the time you come to this location though. I think some of the cooks care about the quality of the food more than others at this location. It's kind of a gamble to buy here when it comes to presentation. Sometimes the food is amazingly neat, sometimes it's not. Messy or not, it's tasty. If you're from California, do NOT eat a California burrito from ANY Roberto's location. You will be thoroughly disappointed. They don't put fries inside. Instead they put chopped up potatoes. Bleh.
1	Food is way to greasy for me. But if you like deep fried junk food this is the place for you.
3	fast food.had the bacon breakfast burrito, was ok. kinda bland.split it with the hubs and was perfect amount for both of us.
