3	The Perq is in the newly opened SLS Hotel and Casino. They are still working out the kinks but what I experienced today was promising. The baristas are incredibly friendly and helpful, even with the crazy crowd they had to contend with today. The cappuccino is delicious, but the iced coffee with caramel syrup was a little too sweet for my liking.  The prices are not the cheapest but the convenience makes up for it, especially if you are staying or playing in the property.The only thing that made me impatient is that I ordered the only remaining passion banana croissant in the display case. Being tired (hence the desperate need of caffeine), I just assumed that I will be getting it with my coffees but it turned out that they still have to be prepared in the back. I was perplexed since it was just in the case so why could I not just have that? Ordinarily, I would not mind but if I knew I had to wait, I would have skipped the croissant during this visit. And after 20 minutes of waiting, it turned out that they no longer have it so I had to fall in line again to get a refund.I am sure that once the kinks have been worked out, I would like them more. But for now, three stars is all I can give them.
4	People & service were great. The pastries were delicious. The coffee was too bitter for my taste otherwise I liked this place alot. I highly recommend it!
4	After a drunken stopper at some pool party.  Came back for a quick bite.  decided on the steak sandwich and a chocolate chip cookie.  Both exceptional, cookie was soft and moist and super chocolatey.  More cafe-ish.Service was ultra friendly and helpful.
2	As I stood in line to sample the gelato, I noticed there was stepped on pastries and drops of blood on the floor. Both appeared to have been there for a while and I wondered why it was not taken care of because Perq was empty. The gelato sample I was given was minuscule so I could hardly tell if I really liked the gelato. I was thinking about buying a cookie but after seeing the $4.75 price tag I did not see the value. I ended up speaking to the director of operations and asked why the cookie was priced highly and all he said was he never had a chocolate chip cookie he didn't like. I was hoping he would tell me the quality of ingredients and taste are worth the price. He didn't do a good job convincing me to buy the cookie nor did I feel like he valued my business so I left. If Perq wants to survive charging inflated prices they need to maintain the cleanliness of the shop and be able to sell their product.
3	First of all, I dig the name, and the vibe. It is also convenient to have a great coffee place in the hotel, despite the somewhat long wait. The coffee is fantastic, but I wish they had some breakfast options other than buttery pastries... The Bagels were gone by 9:45 am. I'll probably swing by tomorrow though for my morning coffee.
5	I've stayed at the SLS for 3 weekends now and I love the little snacks I get for breakfast at the perq.  I specifically love their strawberry roubar pastry, typically I get a hazelnut latte or regular latte.  The staff are very friendly and the general manager l, Anna-lee is super nice.
4	I'm not sure why other reviewers aren't feeling the love here. I almost walked by but seeing a LaMarzocco and no Illy coffee silo i opted to turn around. Lamill beans are pulled properly albeit into paper cups. Paper cups and casino pricing hold that last star. I will be looking forward to my next cup though and highly recommending you get a shot here after you have paid a bit too much for a dinner elsewhere in the SLS.
4	Staff is really friendly and the strawberry rhubarb danish was so good!
3	Not really sure why it takes so long to serve the three people in front of me but I felt that 25 minutes for coffee and a brioche was too long to wait. I feel I am fairly patient having once been a barrista. Also the attitude of the servers and cashier needs improvement. Not happy about life? Rude to customers because...why? You have clean running water, a roof over your head , a car and an education and opportunities galore do you not? What's to be mad or irritated about. Life rocks. Be happy. Smile. Acknowledge people. Dint just keep your head down all day. Look people in the eyes and smile...and mean it.Good is a term I could use for the Price vs. Quality of the food where price is nearly equal to quality plus or minus depending on the person.
5	Their Gelatos here are fantastic. Smalls are $5 and the Large was $7.50.   My boyfriend and I were craving something sweet after eating out at Umami. All we could smell was the perfect blend of coffee down the hall and we stop for the Gelato.I'm so glad we did. Yummmy!  We split a large Dark Chocolate.   They have Nutella, but I recently found out that they may contain peanuts... So I had to skip it.  The cashier was so friendly we ended up leaving a tip just because she was pleasant, conversant with us because it was slow. It was around 8:15 PM when we stopped by.
4	Hopefully you are only a coffee addict.  After all, you could have the double duty of caffeine addiction and gambling, and that would be awfully bad.Coming to Perq (I refuse to say the "the" in front), is plenty worth the wait.  You see, your kinda held captive, as it's the only offering of coffee in the hotel.  The line on weekends is 10-20 deep on weekends, so there's no quick fix.A small bakery selection, and all the regular stuff (espresso, lattes), with one special feature, a Liquor Affogato, and I can only imagine what its like.Cute attire + nice design - no WIFI = 4.0 stars.
3	During our stay at SLS Vegas, my wife and I enjoyed the place.They have some great coffee... but I guess the problem is consistency of the quality of the coffee..First time we went there, we got latte with hazelnut. It was great... Second time we visited we had a cup of americano... was also nice...But our last visit, we got latte with hazelnut and latte with chocolate. (with blueberry pie). We were checking out so we took the drinks and had a first sip in the car. It was terrible... it didn't taste like latte... it felt like americano with syrups..We couldn't finish the coffee and had to stop at one of the Starbucks to get another latte.If they get you the right drink... I bet you will enjoy it..  :)
2	Since this is the only coffee shop in the casino you are likely going to end up ordering here if you just want a danish and coffee and not the buffett on weekends or Griddle Cafe.  There is a Mcdonalds and Starbucks within walking distance and an IHOP if willing to walk a couple of blocks toward the stratosphere.This place is pricey as my ham and cheese croissant was 650 and a regular croissant was 350.  Even in NYC where i live you can get  a better croissant for around 250 at Hot and Crusty.  Neither the ham and cheese or an apple turnover was even heated which alteast would have made this obviously previously frozen pasties edible.  Only reason I ate here twice was with a friend who has gold status at Hilton so had a 15 dollar credit and he was nice enough to share his money with me. I only could find one plus which for a coffee shop in this day and age is a no no.  Only reason gets 2 stars was coffee was not bad and atleast had enough seats.
3	VERY overpriced coffee, but when you are stuck waiting in line for the Griddle Cafe around the corner it is pretty much your only option.  I'd avoid it if you can, but the service was fast and nice and the coffee itself was good.
4	They have coffee and a steady stream of WIFI. Sometimes just having the basics is all a coffee shop in a hotel really needs to keep the gambling, rambling, and scrambling masses happy. I stopped in here to get a little pick-me-up before a meeting I had in the vicinity. The coffee here is decent, I would go as far to say better than Starbucks, which isn't saying much. I mean you cover anything in enough foam, chocolate sauce, and whipped cream and I'm sure it will taste pretty damn good. Go ahead, try it, throw some of those goodies on an old piece chicken or a day old taco... I'll wait. Ok, maybe not those food items, but mixed in with some overly strong and burnt coffee and it does the trick. Like I was saying the coffee here is very good. Not only do they offer straight up  coffee, but they also offer espresso, mocha lattes, iced coffee, and varying degrees of caffeinated happiness. They also have stuff for the hunger pains, the basics like breakfast sandwiches and fruit plates. I commend the SLS for not going the for corporate coffee route and deciding to use a relatively unknown coffee house. When looking for a wake up call and you're near the SLS. Pop-in and try Perq.
1	Rarely do I make the effort to write a review, and usually I do because Ive had the worse experience ever. That was the case today. First they were scheduled to open at 6a.m but wasnt ready until roughly 6:45, which force a number of us to wait. I ordered a vanilla latte, and the barista said she didnt have flavor lattes but only regular latte and that I would have to wait 30 minutes for a flavor latte. I proceded to get a regular latte and underneath her tongue she said "asshole". Now, all I asked her was a simple question. I wont be going back here and to SLS anytime soon. Not only food quality was poor but their customer service reaked.
3	This was a perfectly fine option for our $30 breakfast credit each morning (thanks Hilton!) - the first day we had the smoked salmon platter ($9 for salmon, capers, caperberry, sundried tomato, 3 slices of hard boiled egg, and warm pumpernickel toast).  The second day we got a fruit plate ($11 - how this is worth more than the salmon I will never understand),  and an almond croissant/bear claw.  Both days we had juice and tea.  The St. Tropez iced tea was a tropical green and delicious.  I really liked the smoked salmon plate and bear claw.  This place also serves gelato for dessert if you come by at night.
2	I tried to visit The Perq at 6am when it was advertised to be open. To my dismay, they were not open but still preparing to open. I waited patiently for this place to be open even after 6am but gave up when it was evident that the workers were busy having a drawn out conversation instead of opening. Instead, I went to the Griddle Cafe to get some food and by the time I came back, it was still not open. If the hotel advertises The Perq to be open at 6am, it should be open at 6am.I wanted to give this place a second chance so I came back another day in the morning. There was a decent size line. Unfortunately, all the croissants and pretty much all the food for that matter was gone. It was definitely slim pickings in terms of pastries. I was disappointed that I didn't get to eat. Instead I had purchased a pumpkin spice latte. It was okay, but would have preferred it from Starbucks across the street. I love the decor and ambiance, but I need some food and also be open when advertised.
4	The Perq is probably one of the best sections in SLS.A solid place to grab an espresso drink on my way out.
3	We stopped in here for a quick last meal during our stay. At 5pm on a Saturday, there were only two others in line in front of me, though we saw that the line can be epic during the morning (ie 11am).We ordered a roast beef panini, 2 bags of chips, and a large mint tea and it came to $24.35. Super high for normal rates, but appropriate for Vegas. The panini was presented to us uncut and it took me about 5 minutes, while standing right in front of the barista (with only 1-2 patrons in line), to catch her attention and have it cut in half. No other staff offered to assist or acknowledged that I was there.That being said, the sandwich was very delicious and we enjoyed it greatly. The seating in the area is ample and it's good people watching. As there are no coffee machines in the hotel rooms, this is a good option on off hours. Otherwise there's also a Starbucks and a McDonalds right across the street if you want something faster.
