3	This is my second visit to a Moe's Southwest Grill.  My first visit was the location outside of the Jobing.com arena in Glendale a few weeks back before a concert.  When you walk in, the employees behind the counter all yell "Welcome to Moe's!".    I only had a short amount of time for lunch today (about 20 minutes) so I was hoping for a quick turnaround on my order.  I ordered the "Joey Bag of Donuts" , Moe's name for their burrito with rice, beans, chicken, shredded cheese, and salsa.  My burrito was made to order fairly quickly.  The "Joey" was good - it reminded me a lot of Chipotle's large burritos.  Between the two I'd still probably choose Chipotle.  Fortunately guacamole was included as a side with the combo because the tortilla chips were kinda bland.I'd recommend Moe's If you're looking for a quick, fresh meal.  Just make sure you have enough time to eat yours.  I ended up being about 8 minutes late!
4	I thought that the burritos here are ok, but nothing special. Not too similar to Chipotle in my opinion, except for that they both serve the same type of food. The chicken quesadilla is by far the best thing on the menu, but other than that I have nothing to add to the previous review.
4	I found this place after getting something in the mail and thought I would check it out.  I was so glad that I did.  It's easy to find, on the Southeast corner of Kyrene and Elliot in a shopping complex.  This place is great. It's kind of what I would call a "fajita bar."  Basically, they have a menu, but you pick and choose basically how you want to build your food.  They have Tacos, burritos, fajitas, all made to your liking.  (think Subway here folks, but substantially better.)I ended up getting the steak burrito, (I think it was on the menu as a "joey bag of donuts) and it was yummy! Very tasty. IM STUFFED.  You choose what kind of rice you want, toppings, steak, chicken, etc.  They have a nice variety of food to choose from.  you can get a combo thing with chips and a drink, or just a burrito/taco/fajita alone.  Either way, your going to walk out of here with a TON of food.I liked this place because its fresh and hot, and theres variety.  I guess being that I grew up outside of AZ, I wasn't raised on southwestern food, so Im learning to grow a taste for it.  I feel like this is the place I can enjoy good casual dining, for a good price, and enjoy the flavor of the southwest on my stomachs terms.The only thing I did not like was that I felt like the service could have been better.  I had lots of questions about the menu, and how things work here, since it was my first time to this place.  I kind of felt like the guy behind the counter didn't want to take the time to answer my questions that I had, and when I asked him questions, basically he pointed to the menu and that was hius way of answering me.    Some kind of positive interaction would have made this a 5 star event.
5	Moe's is my all time favorite Mexican Restaurant. I love that they yell "Welcome to Moe's" when I arrive and the steak tacos are to die for. Everyone I've taken there has become a devout lover of Moe's as well. I highly suggest trying it if you haven't already. It's amazing.
2	I've been to Moe's a couple of times and just don't get it. The burritos and salads are "meh".  Priced around the same as Chipotle, if not marginally more by a buck or two, I wouldn't really come here again.  Their salads need A LOT of work.
3	I would just like to say that I actually feel this place should get 3 1/2 stars.  Love the burritos.  Not crazy about the salsa.  staff is super friendly and I love them.  Burritos are HUGE.  I love how they make them according to your likes in front of you.  A little bit over priced i think but not bad at all.I could probably go quite often and if I am in the area I do.
2	I reallly want to like you Moe's.  I do.  I live so close and you are sooo convenient.  BUT.... I ventured out for a taco salad last week, excited for some mexican delicousness with a side of my favorite condiment, guac.  What I got was a flavorless chicken salad with so so guac on the side.  Even my bf agreed my guac is better and not only am I not a "cook", I am also not of Mexican heritage.  I expected much much better.  Dang.  I am still looking for that authentic Mexican taste in a quick take out, and I know it's out there...
3	When I am starving for a burrito, and at work, Moe's answers the call.  That being said, I wouldn't drive out of my way to go here.  Better than fast food, Moe's manages to serve up tasty burritos.  I do not get the naming system at all, so I am always confused when trying to decide if I want a "Joey Bag of Donuts" or a "Triple Lindy" - no, I don't want either.  I want a freaking steak burrito.  It reminds me of the pretentious naming convention at Starbucks, only with an east cost feel.  However, I usually ignore this and just tell them what to stick in my tortilla, and let the cashier sort it out at the end.Every meal comes with chips, so I was able to sample the full salsa bar - it's decent.  If they sold jars of it, I would pass, but for a quick lunch fresh salsa beats Taco Bell any day.The staff is always friendly, and the line moves quick during the lunch rush, which is important if your time is limited to a half an hour.  Gets a little noisy in there sometimes, but over all, it's great for a slightly better than fast food lunch.
4	Just went for lunch with a coworker.  We hit Moe's up right after they opened.I had the Triple Lindy - which basically equates to the stuff you get on it, not the actual ingredients.  The black beans were good, cooked just right and plenty warm.  The steak was flavorful and tender.  Everything was proprietor well with no one item overwhelming the others.I had the iced tea for a drink, and other than needing a lot of ice to make it cold, it was tasty - no sweetener needed (they also serve sweet tea if that's your thing.)  The chips, as always were fresh and tasty, nice an thin, and not over salted.  The salsa had good flavor and was a good consistency, perhaps a little thinner than I personally prefer, but not bad.Overall, it was a good lunch, not too filling (because I didn't finish my burrito & chips) and not too bad for me and my diet.
1	I had read about Moe's here on Yelp.  So I thought I would stop by and have a meal.  I drove by Kyrene and Elliot and couldn't find the place.  After looking a little closer there was an empty storefront where Moe's was supposed to be.  RIP Moe.  You probably won't be missed because there are plenty of other really good southwest grill places to eat, and apparently you didn't stand out.  Maybe Larry or Curly will do better.
1	Moes! Why did you leave?  I wanted a tasty burrito and you were gone! I can't believe you left me without saying goodbye, or at least leaving me a note (and a burrito.)
