4	This is the fitness center inside the Cosmopolitan hotel. The equipment is new & very nice. They have enough machines & free weights to get a good workout and plenty of cardio equipment. They even have a sparring ring and mirrored stretching/yoga area. I was disappointed that yoga was not being offered the days I was there. After paying your $20 entry fee there are towels and water available. They lost a star because, of the three cardio machines I got on, only 1 had a properly working touch screen. When working, the touch screens are nice allowing you to watch TV, browse the web or play games.
5	Trying to train for a marathon and don't wanna run in the heat?  Check out Cosmopolitan's Fitness Center.  They have like 10+ state-of-the-art treadmills.  Do you feel like punching someone in the face?  They also have a boxing ring and punch bag for your workout.Wanna play a game of tennis? 2 tennis courts are available!I think the daily use is $20 but it's waived if you get a spa treatment done.
4	I workout everyday even while on vacation. My day is not complete without a sweat session. I know, call me weird but that's me. The Cosmo gym is one of the nicest places to burn off the calories and build muscle. So many different machines to choose from when it comes to cardio and weight training. They even have a boxing ring. Crazy, right?? The gym is located on the 14th floor next to the salon. Check in at the front, sign a waiver and make sure to grab a towel. There is fresh fruit to grab as you walk out. I would give it 5 stars BUT when I came in during my last trip a few of the machines were "out of order". Also, the gym is big but needs to be expanded to accommodate everyone. Sometimes there is a wait depending on how busy it is. Nobody wants to wait while on vacation every minute is valuable. Misc. info: there is a fee to use daily even if you are staying at the hotel. Ask to have it waived (it never hurts to ask). Daily hours are 5AM to 8PM.
5	This gym is very clean and well maintained. They manage to fit a good amount of machines in a small space without having it feel cramped. It also doesn't seem to get crowded.
