4	Wow a FTR in Vegas? No way.Anyways I came here for the showing of JABBAWOCKEEZ MUS.I.C.This place holds up to 740 people.  So it's not a huge venue.  It has a very intimate setting with not really a bad seat in the house.  I really enjoyed the lighting system in here, but I was not impressed with the sound.  The bass always sounded distorted.Overall, I enjoy seeing shows in smaller venues like this because you can feel like you are a part of the show.
4	The staff was very friendly and ushered us to our seats with a smile. Our seats were about 6 rows from the front and off to the very right. Our view of the stage was partially blocked off by curtains. The music and lighting was great. I would watch another show in this theater.
4	Hollywood theatre in Vegas. Of course, from the biggest motion pictures and films industry giant that is MGM, the Hollywood Theatre fittingly is Vegas' MGM Grand's main theatre. A grand theatre in an intimate setting. Seats 740. Enter through gold-colored art deco type doors. With plush red carpeting and purple, red, pink, and black color-tones. Excellent lighting system as well as sound delivery.  The curtain-draped stage is surrounded by seating that escalates semi-circularly toward the mezzanine level. There are mini tables with comfortable seats. Also, there are booth-type tabled seating. Remarkable stage and spot lighting. Wrangler's National Finals Rodeo (WNFR) occupied this theatre in December's first two weeks for its 2010 WNFR live telecast of rodeo competition events in Vegas. MGM Grand became the "Home of the Champions" as for the third consecutive year, it hosts more than 15 cowboys of WNFR 2010's 10-day competition. Attending the live telecast of Pro Rodeo Cowboys Association (PRCA) events nightly is incredibly awesome. The last nights were amazing, attending it with my dear bfriend, his parents and friends. Large TV screens on the stage for viewing. Ushers are friendly, personable, assisting, and hospitable. As in any casino hotel in Vegas, drinks or even water can be on the 'pricey' expense of it no matter of liquid volume. Food and Cocktail servers were attentive with their service. So far, WNFR have chosen a great venue.This theater is a remarkable venue for any type of shows or events.
4	I liked this intimate seating.  We were here for the Drew Carey Improvaganza Show and sat at one of the booths.  We had a very good view of the stage and am able to all of the cast's every move.  The booths were comfortable as well.  The staff were super friendly and helpful.  They have many varieties of alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks.  Everything was clean and fresh.  The sound was at the right volume and the lighting was at the right level.  I enjoyed this theater very much.
4	This is a very nice intimate venue. There isn't a bad seat in the house. Even if you don't get to sit in the front row, you still have an unobstructed view of the stage because of the escalating levels of seating.I've seen two shows here - Drew Carey's Improv-a-Ganza and Jo Koy. The seating is comfortable. The lighting and acoustics are pretty good. Tabu is right next door so you can sometimes feel the music and vibrations through the walls if you sit closer to the back of the theater.Drinks are fairly reasonably priced considering its in a casino and they offer freshly made popcorn.
4	Nice, close intimate setting
4	prefer the booth seating over round tables..Gets crowded if your Unknown ppl. Good succeed theatre. Nice set up. They get u seated quick.
4	I've been to the Hollywood Theatre several times for different shows.  Last night I was here to the Mike Tyson:  Undisputed Truth.I like this venue a lot.  It's small enough that almost any seat is a good one.  It's also located not too far from the main entrance and valet parking.Seating alternated between rows of small round tables with four chairs and long tables facing the stage that accommodates four people.  I was in the second row, the first of the long tables and it was a great place to sit.My only complaint is the huge markup if you buy a drink--even a bottle of water.   It's best to bring in a bottle of water from the casino in your pocket and drink that. I'll be back for another show, I'm sure!
4	We have see two shows here. The first was Tom Jones a couple of years ago, where we had second row table seating. Small round tables, four to a table.The second was Mike Tyson in April 2012 where we were seated a bit further back on a longer table with room for six or eight people. Both seats had a great view of the stage, in fact there probably isn't a bad seat in the whole theatre.The drink service is expensive, I would bring my own water next time.There was a drunk lady sat behind us in one of the booths and she talked through a lot of the performance. One of the ushers kept asking her to be quiet from time to time, but she had a very short memory. It didn't spoil the show too much, but I wished there was an off switch. It is a very nice place to see a show, we will be back.
4	Although I really don't like the MGM Grand as a casino, I really liked this theatre as a venue.My family and I visited this location to watch David Copperfield perform. It was a great show that kept me guessing and in awe. The seats were good as we were able to have a clear line of sight to the stage without having to worry about being "randomly" selected to participate in the show.Great experience and a fun time.
2	This theatre is pretty good. The seating is comfortable, the stage is kind of small, but the drinks are SLIGHTLY better priced than what you'll find elsewhere (and also really delicious!)I would love to give them a solid 4 stars, but the fact that I went here for a night of improv and heard nothing but the banging of the bass from Tabu next door is inexcusable. Are you freaking kidding me with that poor planning?!? My show (that I spent a good amount of money on) was at 11:30pm. The noise was constant and quickly gave me a headache. You could feel the vibrations and my husband's seat shook. It really was a huge distraction from a show that was pretty fantastic and otherwise, would have been worth every penny. I plan to formally complain. I don't know how you can sell expensive tickets with clear conscience and expect your guests to deal with that for the entirety of the event.
3	I kind of had to harass the MGM a bit to get someone to contact me... but little over 2 weeks later, I received a full refund for the show. The manager told my husband that this was an issue they had complaints on, but that she believed was "fixed already". Um...... did you see renovations going on in the theater you manage? Because the only way that's getting "fixed" is if they sound proof those walls.
3	Although I had purchased tickets for Copperfield via Vegas.com, I had to pick up the tickets at the counter 1 hr. prior to the show.  We ended up coming 2 hrs. before the show but the line was still quite long.  It seemed like we were in the line as long as the show was.  The staff were super slow.During the show I ordered pop corn and Pina Colada.  The pop corn was standard movie theatre pop corn.  The Pina Colada was the most boring drink I've ever had.  It had no flavor at all.  Slightly sweet is all.  My husband and friends had beer.  We had terrible seats for a magic show.  For someone like me who dissects magic shows, it wasn't the best idea to have me sit so close to the side.  I could see what was going on but since I don't want to ruin the show for any future guests, I'll leave it there.  It was a good show.As far the show.  It's 4 stars.  The theatre staff 3 stars.Drinks 1 star.
2	I loved David Copperfield's show but hated this venue. It was small and intimate, which is a plus. However, the seating is set up so stupidly. There are small tables with 4 seats but if you only buy 2 seats you have to sit one in front of the other? The staff are strict about the seating and will yell at you if you're not doing it right. The staff were overall brusque and rude. Our server came over to ask for our orders. I asked for just a glass of water. She asked me how I'd be paying, to which I replied "There's a charge for water?" I should have known better, it is Vegas after all. "Yeah" she said, and tossed the menu on the table my way. I said cash and she walked away. When she finally returned she lingered, waiting for me to pay right then and there. Annoying. Despite the recent updates to the theater, it still sucks. I wish David Copperfield's show was anywhere else.
4	Second time seeing David Copperfield in this Theatre. Seating and spacing is decent. I sat towards the middle both times, and the view was fine (not sure about from the back). There aren't too many signs to the location compared to Ka, but it's fairly easy to find.
2	I was there Sunday evening for the 7pm David Copperfield show. The server I got was terrible, rude. I ordered popcorn and she asked "are you paying cash" I asked " you only take cash?" She said "no" ok, so then why ask that question if you take other forms of payment? She said "ok then I will need to take your card." Ok?She came back with the credit card ticket to sign, I knew I would be there for a couple of hours so I said I wanted to keep the tab open so I can order drinks or more snacks, she looked at me and said, "no, because I need to go on my break and I don't want anyone else to help you." Omg, seriously? I guess it was more important that she take her break and get the tip than providing me with a service I feel any customer would expect, I'm sure it's pretty standard to leave the tab open? I was left feeling very shocked and like I was in a low end diner. Very disappointed with that experience. The show was fab though!
