5	I have always loved pastries and Premiere Moisson is my absolute favourite boulangerie! I have been enjoying croissants, millefeuilles and other goodies  here for over 12 years and it's quality is always consistent!The Atwater Market location is my favourite one, it is a large shop with plenty of selection so you will definitely find something that whets your appetite.Here are some of my tried and true goodies:Troitoir, it is a buttery flaky pastry filled with a raspberry layer.Millefeuille, is a truly as perfect as it getsTartelette au sirop d'erableBesides the delicious array of pastries, you will find delicious, authentic Baguettes, croissants and many other kinds of bread. You can also sit down and enjoy a coffee or bite to eat before wandering around the rest of the market.If you are visiting Montreal, this is a definite must ton your list:)
5	My only complaint- the long lines.  Otherwise, this place is perfect. A great stop on your tour de Montreal for bread to take on a bike ride along the lachine canal or a stop for breakfast with coffee and a decadent almond croissant. Really I can't think of anything better than the croissant- butter, chocolate or almond.  Although if you can't do 'decadent' go for the baguette with butter or jam.  Also a score, and cheap!  The loaves of bread are also fabulous. Rotating stock of olive loaf, chocolate breads, or other flavours.
5	This the probably best Boulangerie in North America. The bread selection is downright amazing and has some of the best breads that can go toe to toe with the best of the best.  The desserts are excellent and reasonably priced. They have some special desserts during the holiday which are very refined. They have nice selection of sandwiches and pates etc. I usually load up on baked goods whenever I am here for my drive back. The only negative I can think of is that their coffee/espresso drink can use an improvement.One of the hidden gem is the Foie Gras torchon and I would suggest giving it a try if you like that sort of thing.Needless to say this is where I come for breakfast and dessert whenever I am in Montreal.Oh why oh why you don't have a branch in TO.
4	Boulangerie Premiere Moisson at Marche Atwater is the first stop for our Montreal trip and it is definitely a good place to start.So glad that it is open at 7 am on a Sunday. I am hungry and ready to eat!!!!!!! The smell of baked goods just filled the air when I walked in... and that smell of sweet butter......... something worth all these calories.I am glad I didn't watch or the croissants has no nutrition labels... because I might be eating that with guilt thinking how many hours I have to spend to walk those off.Their espresso drinks are Meh... unless you prefer your drink really creamy and milky... my friend who doesn't like coffee much enjoyed her latte... I should start giving her froth milk to drink from now on.I am happy after packing in all these sugar and carbs and ready to brave the cold crisp Montreal's morning....
5	This is all someone needs in life. EVERYTHING HERE IS AMAZING!
5	This is my favorite place to pick up bread. I love that it is in the Atwater market, it makes my shopping easy. I usually get the flax, or other loafs of bread on a weekly basis. Their other products are all good. Great bakery!
5	A delightful bakery.  This place is bustling with activity and there are dozens of varieties of breads and pastries to choose from.  The line moves fast, and you feel kind of spoiled for choice with so many tempting things they offer.We ordered a baguette parisienne, almond croissant, and apple dumpling (sort of an apple pastry).  The baguette was nice and soft on the inside, crusty on the outside.  The croissant was delicate and had just the right amount of almond filling - just terrific with a coffee.  We consumed the apple pastry a couple days later and it was probably past due, so I cannot fairly pass judgement on it.The lady at the counter did not speak English but got our order just fine when we used our broken French.  She took extra time to nicely wrap up the apple pastry in a tiny box.  I'd definitely visit here again the next time I am in town.
4	My best place for a croissant, great valuehttp://lovetoblog.ca/?p=77
4	Best almond crossaint I've had (so far) and a very nice place to chill. I always make a stop here when I visit Montreal
5	They are not messing around. We got a baguette and croissant (only $1 each on Saturdays and Sundays!) followed by a pastry that they said was basically made with random fruit leftover from other pastries. It turned out to be the best damn thing I've eaten in Montreal--maybe one of the best thing I've eaten ever. More please!
5	One of the best french bakeries in Montreal.  A very large selection of french baked goods from croissant, tarts, and different types of bread.  In addition they make amazing giant American style cookies in variety of flavors that are chewy and not too sweet . The cafe also makes great coffee drinks too.  They have shops in multiple locations.
5	I always go there for brunch. Pain de raisin and danois with strawberry is my favorite. They are not cheap but the quality is high. Sandwichs are delicious too, the bread ara made in bakery and it smells so good. I highly recommend this place!
4	Yes, it is a little far from downtown Montreal-but it's worth the trip. Croissant was really good and the pastries were good as well.This Boulangerie located at the far end of the Atwater Market, you won't miss it. It's pretty big.
