5	I have been a pure fitness member for almost two years, and have worked out at almost all the locations... and this has so far been my favorite!! --The Trainers/Employees-- They are all Very out going and Eager to help anyone out with any kind of problem or question you might have. Very knowledgeable about the equipment and their attitudes are always they best. They offer one free workout, measurements and reevaluation a month... to help keep you on track with your goals... it doesn't take long to build a relationship with the employees here.. they are so active with all the clients... its a great and comfortable atmosphere :) --Equipment-- a wide range of assorted machines. they are rarely crowded... except for the peak hours... which still its not that bad. most of the cardio machines have TVs (for headsets) on them, with a bunch of great channel's.... (helps a long cardio workout go by faster when you forget your IPod lol). The equipment is new and reliable. The People that attend this gym varies in age and its great... very polite and great people to work out with..... The child care is great... The care takers are attentive, sweet and knowledgeable :) which is a great breath of fresh air. The locker rooms are clean and spacious... including a nice sauna :) always a plus!! Over all i LOVE THIS GYM... and would recommend it to everyone!
1	If I could rate this 0 stars I would. I joined this gym right when I found out I was moving to AZ, only a few days later I found out I was instead moving to LA. The staff is totally not helpful when it comes to canceling. You need 60 days (which, really though? Why do they need two months to prepare for you to not be a member anymore), but if you aren't able to come into the location, you have to send a CERTIFIED letter. Living with no car makes this extremely difficult to do. I even went into the actual location TWICE trying to cancel but a manager has to be in and if you work during the day, you're pretty much never going to get to see a manager. These people feel like stubborn crooks. It's like, dude, just throw me a freakin' bone here ONCE. I've paid for 6 months and my stupid "maintenance fee" y'all tack on there every few months. You've profited plenty off me. Just leave me be.I wanna quit the gym!
1	I had the worst experience at this place!! I was offered a free personal training session which consisted of a trainer having me use a few machines I already had already been using regularly. Then he sat me down and basically told me I would never lose weight without purchasing $600 worth of training sessions. I was only 5"3 at 140 pounds, not great but not awful either. Once he was done lecturing me forever he called his manager over who did the same thing!!!  I went home and cried! Then when I moved out of state I had to jump through all sorts of hoops to have my contract terminated! This place is horrible! The staff is unfriendly and I wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy!
