4	for those of you present in CU prior to the late 90's, you would remember this as Deluxe, home of the Friday Fish Sandwich.  Deluxe is no more but this structure sits on the burial ground of where Deluxe once stood.  i try not to think about Deluxe when i'm in legends otherwise i feel like i'm looking for my dead dog among a litter of perfectly fresh purebred puppies.  You kind of have to treat Legends this way, like a fresh puppy.  Grow with it, create your own tricks together, develop a routine, find comfort in it, know it's always there when you need it.If you can detect different ratios of pepsi syrup to carbonated water when you drink a fountain pepsi, i challenge you find a better ratio than what is going on here.  it's a science and they have the titration juuuuust right.  when i used to consume a juicy burger, this was my destination of choice.  now i thoroughly enjoy the greek wrap minus the chicken and still feel i have consumed enough oil to be guilty.  the fries are awesome too.  good university crowd to go along with all the university memorabelia on the walls.  nice staff primarily made up of college kids from the suburbs who always seem to smile and do their jobs well.  the fish sandwich still exists on fridays but i just haven't been able to bring myself to consume one...
4	Surprisingly, this is more than the college bar. The food is served fresh and fast, and the prices are moderate. Definitely bar food, but a decent place for group gatherings with few binge drinking students during early hours. Nonetheless, bar crawl every night of the week, so highly recommend you hit it up before 7pm if you are looking to actually eat real food in a restaurant atmosphere.
3	Have to say, at 3PM on a monday afternoon, this place was actually not too shabby.  It was clean, had on some nice soothing tunes, we were the only people there so we got super fast service, and when I went back to pick up my french fries (which were actually good enough to entice my friend who didn't want any and doesn't usually eat french fries to eat some) I actually observed the line cook spraying down some cleanser and wiping an already clean counter.  The fish sandwhich is allegedly "the best," but I've never had it.  I wouldn't be surprised if it were worth trying.
3	A U of I staple. I spent many a game night/day at Legends consuming greasy burgers and vodka cranberries (i dont drink beer...sue me.) Legends was always crowded during game time, but has a large flat screen tv, get there early to get a seat near the tv. Drinks/food are pretty cheap. There's almost always a booth or bar stool available no matter what time of day. After 12 am there's a line, but there are lines anywhere at that time of night. Thinking about Legends brings back so many college memories...tear. It's always wheel chair accessible which is great. There's few places on campus that are. Yay Legends.
3	Ugh.  This garish place, recently repainted, is in the spot of a storied bar and eatery, The Deluxe.  This place existed before campus got swanked up over the last number of years.  It is a big yawning space, with marginal food and service.  They have the nerve to serve something called the "deluxe" fish sandwich, which is not as good as their predecessor, nor as good as Derald's (campus catering truck) or Seaboat, both of which are institutions.  Guess I am old school on this one.
3	One of the cleaner C-U bars, Legends is a pretty nice place (while keeping in mind that everything's relative).  I've never seen nor heard of this place charging cover - even on Mom's/Dad's weekend, and good bar food during the day (especially the fish sandwich).Generally one of the less packed bars, it's a good place to sit down with some friends and play some drinking games, pool, darts, or just chill and talk - note how I said talk, not scream at the top of your lungs.  They have a full bar and play whatever the current hits are at night, but no one actually dances sans a helluva lot of alcohol.  It's also a great place to go on game days as they have a nice, big, flat-screen TV, and plenty of booths/bar stools to crowd around, watch, and cheer for your team.  Go Illini!
4	Good food, good drinks. Great place to grab lunch, great place to watch an Illinois game, and still a good place to stop by at night. I hope they still have Magic Hat on tap.
3	Yet another sports bar that's on campus.  Don't get the  mushroom soup here even though it sounds awesome!
3	Honestly, this is the same as most any other bar. This one falls to the pub style rather than the disgusting bump and grind style. Good place to get a table and hang out. An extra star because they sell playing cards for a buck. Really cheap, awful, uncoated, unshufflable, undealable, soak up beer faster than any paper I've ever seen playing cards, but playing cards all the same. My friends and I aren't smart enough to bring our own, so this saves us. But they lose a star for having recently eliminated the internet jukebox and added a DJ. How else can we play "In the Air Tonight" to kill the mood at 1am? We actually paid the dude a fiver and left him an iPod to get something played that wasn't part of the standard littany of horrible bar songs.
3	Solid sports bar I think. Great place to meet up with your friends after a long day of class/lab work and gripe about grad school. Cheap beer specials (there's usually a pint for $2 and one or more liquor drinks for $4/double) and fairly inexpensive food that is tastyish.. or at least cooked to order! I had one bad experience with a pink-centered "southern chicken sandwich" (not southern.. just fried) but when I showed it to the guy, he made me a whole new basket and let me keep the fries from the old one. The employees have always been very nice. I had the fish sandwich deluxe ($7.19 on fridays) for the first time this weekend and it is very veryyyy tasty! Crispy, not too heavily battered, not too greasy. The portion is huge also! This is the meet up spot for my group of friends, though it can be pretty quiet, even on Friday nights...
4	I am a Legends fan.  It's a bar with really solid food (lots of options, even vegetarian ones) and it's consistently good.  The staff is generally friendly, and they run Trivia on Sunday nights for fame/glory/lots of cool prizes such as free meals, 25% off any tab up to $400, etc.  The drinks are inexpensive, it's clean, and the music is usually at a good level.  Thursday thru Saturday they have a DJ so you can make requests and such.  I just wish their kitchen was open later.
3	Legends has food?? Seriously?? How come I did not know this? They make a fabulous Sex on the Beach. The drink prices are reasonable. The noise level is tolerable. And it's always fun to challenge your crush to a game or two here. That being said...and for all the time I spent here...I still didn't know they served food!
5	A lot of people I know hate on this bar, but I think they're expecting something akin to what you find at the other campus bars.  Legends is the perfect place to stroll into with a big group of people, as there's rarely a line and with the bar in the middle of the building, it's accessible from wherever your group decides to sit.No, you can't really get your dance on here, even though there's a lot of space...but if you're just looking to get a good buzz, you won't miss that.  The large area does make it enjoyable for happy hours though.Food's pretty good.  I like Murphy's burgers better, but I like the ranch chicken sandwiches and fish sandwiches from here.It's not the most bumpin' bar in Champaign, but it's the best place to come and chill with some friends.  Or roll in with a ton of people, take up a quarter of the bar, and do shots until they kick you out.  Either way.
5	Amongst the many other campus bars, Legends is truly a find - a not so well hidden diamond in the rough.The drink prices are reasonable for campus and amazing when compared to Chicago.  The food here appears to be your regular run of the mill bar grub, but alas, there is something special about those loaded fries.  Their half off appetizer deal on Fridays is pretty sweet too.  But my all time favorite is the Legends Ranch Chicken served only on Mondays.  I'd call in sick for that.Don't miss out on their Long Islands ($5 on Mondays)... they're seemingly innocent which makes them all the more lethal.
5	Love it love it. Went here, hungover, on a Sunday in hopes of watching a game - and nursing the hangover. I had a delicious chicken wrap with french fries. I liked the all-wood interior, gave the place a nice feel to it. They also have a few games in the back...I think I saw Buck Hunter?Whenever I return to UofI to party, I'll definitely hit this up in the evening to see how it is then.
4	Legends is one of my "must go to" bars when back in town.  I've had many a fun night here.  Wed nights back in the day was $1 bottles and $2 neon drinks or something like that.  Fun times.  Wait staff and bartenders were always nice.  Legends always had an "older" crowd since there was no dancing and there's pool tables in the back.Food - taco salad, how I love thee.  I haven't found a taco salad in the city that compares.  It's HUGE and actually has a lot of lettuce!  Cheap too, even for a college student.
3	I want to like Legends more. I've been there a couple of times to watch various sporting events, and I love how the staff will obligingly change the channel for you if you want to see a different game. However, the hamburgers are a bit weak. My boyfriend and I went there after the depressing Illinois-Penn State game this past weekend and we were starving. Admittedly we were drunk too, but we were immediately hungry after we ate our burgers. Also I don't think the burgers come with fries. We were a bit disappointed to see bags of chips. I do like the way you can put your own stuff on the burgers and all, and the toppings are nice and fresh. Maybe next time I'll order something else! I am nothing if not magnanimous.
2	Comparing this not only to other bars at U of I but other college bars in general.  There beer selection is average at best recommend the Sams Adams octoberfest on tap a pint for 3 dollars or any leninkugels on tap.  They have daily drink specials, two dollar long islands on Thursdays, Friday yaegar shots 2 dollars.The food is your average bar food burgers, some wraps, wings, nachos, for fries have to pay 2 dollars extra.  The real annoying part of this place is the food is ordered at the bar than picked up by you when the number is called.  There is no hostess or waitstaff all self serve and first come first serve on tables.  You could be waiting hours for a table at this place recommend you get there at 6:00pm before the late night rush!!!
4	Legends has the benefit of being close to Green/Wright, making it easily accessible, and a frequent #2 stop on barcrawls. Never any cover, Legends is ALWAYS crowded on weekend nights.And no reason not to; their drinks are cheap, space plentiful, and their pool tables are not slanted on the ground. A great place for happy hours, and just the occasional night out. Also, you cannot have a barcrawl if it doesn't go to Legends.If only they would stop repainting the exterior wackier and wackier every 2 years...
1	Legendarily lame.This place has managed to successfully wage a campaign against fun for more than a decade. Tactics include: carefully measuring out each shot with a measuring cup while making mixed drinks and charging four dollars above market price for shitty food.Going to legends is like having the hot water cut out in the middle of a shower. It's like getting your scrotum caught while zipping up your fly. It's like watching Schindler's List during a bachelor party. It's like clogging the toilet at your girlfriend's parent's house. Not fun at all.
5	Absolute love this place! I swear, senior year, there were weeks where we went probably 3 or 4 nights in a row. Great for a chill night with friends, but I especially like it during the day. The happy hour deals on food are fantastic, and the food is actually really good. We also really enjoyed the outdoor seating area out back. Oh by the way, next time you are there, order a Sex on the Beach. They have their own special way of making it....realllly good and I've never seen it done anywhere else!
3	Be careful what you ask for at this popular Campus Town location.  Legends is known for their hamburgers, their Friday Fish Fry's and their different kind of wraps. But straying from those favorites might make you wish you hadn't. (Case in point, I had the grilled cheese with tomato and it came out entirely sopping with butter.) They do have an island, though, that offers up all the best condiments - make sure to try the pickles, they're out of this world! Food comes out fairly fast, though it can be unreliable in a party of more than two.  Food is always at the right temperature and they make french fries just the way I like them, crisp and not greasy!  Don't go to Legends to drink.  As a matter of fact, outside of a few places in town, I recommend doing your drinking at home (your wallet will thank you).  The prices are insane and watching them measure out your liquor makes it feel like you're getting shafted.  Legends is also not a place to go if you want to skip big crowds on weekends.  It's usually packed on game days (whatever the game), but it's also relatively quiet on weekdays, so it's ideal for lunch.  Plus, they also have a parking lot (one of the only ones off Green) and that makes it a real keeper.
3	We try and go there for the best fish sandwich in town ! Be sure and order the beer batter onion rings also. A quaint Illini sports bar with a nice atmosphere and  easy access. A pay parking lot is right next door.
3	I used to like this bar when I was in college, on occasion. I definitely had some good times there, and the outdoor area was nice. I haven't had their food so I can't speak for that, but I just remember it being sort of average overall.
3	I-L-L-I-N-I. What? You didn't realize this is an Illini bar? How could you not tell from the blue and traffic cone orange facade?This is a great place to bring a group, because the venue is huge - as in, "host an entire 200+ class with room for other people to grab dinner here" huge. It is also conveniently located on Green street, the apparently "happening" area of this town, with a pay-to-park parking lot adjacent to it.I didn't have food or alcohol so I cannot comment on those.I am a big fan of the StepNPull in the women's bathroom. Finally, someone acknowledges that I don't want to touch a probably dirty door handle after washing my hands!
2	Legends: a place that is stuck between being a bad restaurant and a bad bar.  The place is setup quite a bit like a restaurant with all the booths and tables in the place, and with waitresses that come around and try to get you to order more drinks. However, the burgers here are really bad: they seem to be cheap, frozen, store-bought patties that are generally overcooked and not so tasty.  Their prices don't make up for it either; who wants to pay $6 for a burger that is worse than McDonald's? The bar portion also pretty bad.  It's always hard to get the attention of the bartenders.  Once you do get their attention, you're likely in for some crappy tasting beer.  All the taps here taste a little foul; maybe they just don't know how to clean them?  The good side of Legends is that it's almost never crowded, and usually not too loud.  They also have a few projectors they use to show Illini games, so that can be nice.  So, if you're not too much of a beer snob, this isn't a bad place to go and knock a few back.
3	Ok beer selection, ok bar food (though I am a bit of a beer/food snob).  I don't mind going when a group wants to go, but not my first choice if I'm out on my own.
4	The grill kicks out good food, but no one goes here primarily for the food.  Come here Thursday's for "Logo Night."  The beer is cheaper and at the end it all you get to stagger home with a bar glass.  The ambience is sports bar, but when there's not a big game in the afternoon it's seldom noisy or crowded.  I have come here many times after class to get a burger a beer and catch up on studying.
4	After a disappointing visit to Murphy's on Wednesday evening for a burger, I decided to try Legend's on my way out of town late Thursday afternoon.  I was not disappointed.It's a bar - bar food, beer, booths and stools.  The food is actually quite good.  This was probably my 3rd or 4th visit and it will now be my 'go to' spot for a burger when I'm in Champaign.  Did I say that the girls here were much, much more attractive than over at Murphy's?
1	This is one of those places that deserved *ZERO STARS* if Yelp would allow it.  We asked if there was table service before 9 of us sat down in a large booth.  Big mistake!The same waitress that told us to have a seat came over about 20 minutes later.  During that time, some of us went to the bar out of shear frustration.  Bigger mistake.They came back from the bar after another 20+ minutes without drinks.  At that point we had been there for almost an hour and my alcohol dependency started to give me the shakes.We finally got the drinks from the server and asked for our check so we could leave immediately.  Despite saying that we could pay however we'd like and she just needed a card to "hold", she insisted on swiping the one card for the whole bill.  The reason: "It's just too busy to bring you the check".  If that was a busy night, I would hate to see what that place looks like when it's slow.  The icing on the proverbial cake was the *BROKEN GLASS* I found in my cocktail.  The server was disinterested in my future digestive issues resulting from the shards of glass and lurked over the table as we signed the check.
4	Guinness on tap? Automatic 3 stars from me.  On top of that, there was no cover on a Friday night for those of us over 21.  Another star for that.  Legends is a pretty laid back bar where you can get together with friends and have a couple drinks.  Not really the type of place to dance, but there's Joe's and Cly's if that's what you're looking for.  In addition to Guinness on tap, they had a handful of other beers as well as a pretty extensive bottled beer list.  Prices were reasonable too, $4.75 for a Dead Guy and $4.50 for a Killians.  Another bonus was that the bartender serving me was very cute.  Definitely will be back in the future to grab a beer with some friends and watch some games.
1	I cant stand this bar. The bartender was a jerk to me and I swear to godits the slowest service ever. I went on Tuesday because my friends like doing the stupid ride the rail thing because God knows no one would ever go here otherwise. It takes forever to get a drink. They only pour beer! I hate this place because I paid for a drink with accredit card and the bartender told me to not do it again. I want to punch that guy so bad. I am so glad me and my friends don't go here often. I strongly suggest pickingmurphys over this abomination of terrible service. And the student newspaper voted them for best service! I don't know what that writer must have been smoking but it must have been extra strong. Never go here.
3	College bar with okay prices for a beer!
3	It's nearly impossible for me to give any Illinois campus bar more than 3 stars but Legends comes close.Yeah, sometimes the service can be downright lousy but compared to anywhere else, it's par for the course.  Legends' best attributes are the many TV's available to take in the game and the space for people to spread out.  If you're nice and it's not too busy the staff might even put on the game you request.  It's not too tough for a few people to lock down a good chunk of space here which is what makes it a winner.  The patio is a decent size and appealing when it's nice out.The prices are about campus average and the tap selection sucks.  The main draw is coming here on Wednesday and doing the venerable "School of Beer" (which should be renamed "Buy our entire bottle list") which features more enjoyable selections than what is on draft and awesome prices ($4 max per beer, usually less).Definitely my go-to if I feel like drinking on campus without being heavily annoyed.  Also, if you look like someone who used to work here, current employees will ask to take their picture with you or stare at you from across the bar.
4	I didn't think it was sleazy.  Always a decent place to sit and talk, not loud music and well lit. Great drink specials, friendly staff.  'Big cup Friday', but they only let you take 2 cups home (lose a star for that). Strawberry is the best 'Flavorita'.
2	If you're hungry and looking for a good meal, do not come here. I cannot comprehend how their burgers were ever voted best in Champaign.
3	I feel like this is the bar that people go to when Firehaus is packed and you still want to catch a Chicago/Illinois sports team game. They've got plenty of seats and some pretty good specials (except for hose god-awful meme glasses, *shudder*). It also seems to be a favorite for older people who visit during conventions/career fairs. I've never seen so many polo shirts and khakis in one venue.All in all, Friday happy hour is pretty good here and so is Ride the Rail, but if you are looking for a night which you might call "Legendary", I doubt this is the place where it's gonna happen.
2	The big pro is the location in Campus Town. Most nights they also have food specials and the bar is usually very clean and service is fine. The  big con is the food. I have eaten here several times and the food is just simply bland, mediocre bar food which is overpriced. This seems like another place that hustles the students with little value for the money.
3	Legends is a University of Illinois favorite for watching football games and grabbing a beer. While watching a game and enjoying a brew bar food is always great to tame your appetite. The cheeseburger at Legends is a typical bar-style burger. Featuring a sesame bun, a thin patty, and topped with the works. The classic flavors are all their with the burger at Legend's, however nothing is necessarily exceptional. The bun, beef, and topping could all bring more to the table. It is not the best burger in Champaign, but Legends is definitely one of the best places to watch a game. The burger will satisfy you if you have a craving while enjoying a night with friends.
5	On the one hand, Legends is in my opinion the best campustown/Green Street bar. On the other hand, it's still a college bar. But it's my favorite and thus 5 stars.Great atmosphere, never overly crowded the way some of the other dumps on campus are, often you're able to grab a seat, even on some of the busiest nights. My favorite night was Tuesday nights - Ride the Rail, and yes I completed my rail card senior year. I've got my name up on the wall which is very cool but I've got so many great memories of sitting around having beers with friends. And, I have to say, the beer selection's pretty good actually. They always have a few good drafts on top of the normal college bar cheap, watered down stuff. Nothing elaborate, but good quality mass produced stuff - Sam Adams Seasonals, Woodchuck, etc.The food's surprisingly good as well. I would say Firehaus has better food, but as far as green street bars go, that's probably it. I generally stuck with burgers or chicken sandwiches and they have a good selection of toppings to put on whatever food you get.But you really go to Legends for the atmosphere. It's an upperclassman bar where you can go to actually hang out and talk with friends. They have good music playing in the background but it's never all that loud and it's stuff you want to listen to anyway. They've got some slot machines and pool tables now which also make for a good time and there's a dressed model of the Chief up front which is a welcome sight for any Illini.
3	I'm torn about Legends. On one hand, they've got a pretty good selection of whiskeys for a Campustown bar (I got Bulliet out of a very dusty looking bottle). On the other hand, the food's pretty weak; I'd rather eat a burger at Meatheads or Five Guys any day of the week. Beer selection is okay, though.
2	For one of the "main" campus sports bars, the television angles were not optimal when seated in the back by the kitchen order window.  You really had to twist your head around or rearrange the 50lb barstools.Oddly, the only tv in the joint that didn't have the Illini playing was the one nearest to our table and we got in before the student crowds woke up.The Nachos Supreme w/chicken were anything but...Still, they packed 'em in and turned over some crowd so it'll be around for eternity.
