3	Pulled pork sandwich was excellent.Baked beans had way too much black pepper,and the portion was extremely small for $2.00.Some of the prices are very high,28.00 for a full rack of baby backs?The guy that took my order said they would be using larger containers for the sides soon.As another poster said the staff is very friendly.I will definitely go back,its close to my work,and i would like to try some other menu items.
2	This is not Southern style brisket. It's chewy and fatty (i found three large chunks of fatty brisket that somebody could choke on if they tried to swallow it). Listen, I ate at 36 real southern BBQ joints last summer and this brisket would rank last. Website says he is from Arkansas, but I would like proof because the brisket doesn't qualify as southern. You can tell by the way he chops it, real BBQ brisket is more shredded. He also should know nobody serves brisket on a hoagie roll in the south, it comes on a bun. Rollin Smoke has two sauces, one claims to be hot, but both taste exactly the same, nothing stands out in that respect. Moving onto the side dish, which is in a tiny cup and not worth the $2. It was jalapeno coleslaw and wasn't too bad, but I honestly didn't see any jalapeno's in the cup. It also appears he has changed the prices - up of course - after being open a week. The online menu says a combo includes drink, chips and side for $2, now the chips are excluded. The price of 1/2 rack of ribs is $10 online and $12 on another menu that is off to the side inside the place, but on the official menu it is now $16. The big smoker on the outside and good smell makes this place appealing to the eyes and nose, but it doesn't pass the taste test. If you do go, show the website coupon on your phone to save 10 percent and that way when you get home and eat your nasty brisket at least you will have saved some money and won't feel as bad.
5	Fabulous BBQ.  Before this joint, the best BBQ I have had was a tie between a place in Raleigh, NC and the shack on Corpus Christi Naval Air Station in TX.  Very authentic, not too smokey but just right.  The beans were nothing short of incredible.  Next time I will be trying the jalapeno cole slaw.  I certainly hope business is good for them because it is downright impossible to find reasonably priced, authentic bbq in Vegas.  Good advertising having the smokers in the parking lot or else I would never have known it was there.   Only suggestion I would make would be to add more sides such as collards, etc.
4	This is a new out of the way bbq restaurant that recently opened on Highland Dr.  I know that Highland is an industrial and seedy area west of the strip, but these guys are turning out some good bbq and making the most of what they have.  I recently tried the Biggin sandwich (brisket, pulled pork and sausage) and it was very tasty.  The sandwich was loaded with meat, literally falling off the bun, all of the meats were tender and had a good smoke flavor.  Along with my sandwich was a side of bacon potatoe salad, which was good.  The potatoe salad had good flavor and bacon in just about every bite.  Total for my sandwich, salad and drink ran me $11, which I think is a good value for quality food.This is a spicier bbq than most people are used to, but it works.  It reminds me more of a kicked up Kansas City style bbq.  I stuck with the original sauce, which was plenty hot and did not try the spicy or the extra spicy.All in all this place is making some pretty good bbq, which is much needed in Las Vegas.  The biggest draw back is that they are located on Highland next to Diamond Cabaret and they are only open until 6pm.  I would like to see this place do well, hence my review, but their limited hours and location create much doubt.Good Luck!
4	This place is really good BBQ, I hate fat and gristle so I stay away from some of the meats; I got the hotlink sandwich, the baked beans, and loaded mashed potatoes. It was all very good. The location has something to be desired. During the day I felt fine; I have a feeling at night the safe factor goes way down. Two, what I assumed to be, strippers were here when we got lunch and one of them out right propositioned my boss. After a good laugh we all sat down and ate our meal. Everyone was full and pleased. It seems this place gets more business by the day. During the lunch hour they ran out of seats and the line can build up quickly.
5	The BEST Bar B Que place in Las Vegas, Hands down!! The meat was so tender and juicy. Pretty much perfect! This is Vegas NOT down SOUTH but this will def compare to some southern Bar B Ques. No I havent ate at 38 bar B Que places (Seeing as its horrible for you and good way to get huge) but out of the few I have in Vegas I will never go back to any except for this one. The Pulled pork was the best I have had in Years. DEFFFFF need to try this place.
2	I waited to write this review. I've been to this place five times now and I am not a fan. The first two times the baby back ribs were good but a bit over cooked but good. The third time I got beef ribs and they were terrible. It had a big piece of fat right in the middle of the rib and overcooked. The last two times I got the baby backs again and they were really overcooked. I know most restaurants talk about the meat falling off the bones and they did. But these were so overcooked the meat was too soft and mushy.
4	Really good restaurant. Although the place was a bit empty for being 5 PM, the food was very fresh and well-prepared. I had the piggy wrap and it was very flavorful! I will definitely try one of their meat platters next time that I'm in.
5	My quest for excellent non-chain restaurants continues, and finding this one was a happy accident.  There are large smokers in the parking lot which is originally what drew our attention to the place.  Usually we find our gems from Yelp, but this time it was a drive-by (or I should say that I find places on Yelp as the bf is in the food industry and like many industry people has a baseless grudge against Yelp).  Since i am not a huge meat eater what I really care about are the sides.  The sides were amazing.  Which is great because a lot of times at BBQ places the focus is on the meat only and the sides are kind of an after thought.  The peach cobbler was insanely good.  And I have been dreaming about the loaded mashed potatoes since I had them.  I also had the mac n cheese.  The waiter (who I assume is also one of the owners since he thanked us about 20 times for coming in) recommended the mac n cheese.  Listen if you can't execute a delicious mac n cheese you should throw yourself off a bridge.  It's macaroni, cheese, cream and bake.  It was really good but I was more impressed with the other sides that are nonstandard and were amazing.  On my next visit I plan on trying the banana pudding.    It does have its advantages and disadvantages, depending on who you are.  It is right down the street from the Rhino - a disadvantage to me, but an advantage to any dirt-bags.  The parking lot is kind of sketchy, again a disadvantage to me, but like home to dirt-bags.  The BBQ sauce is really peppery.  I personally like milder sauces and I am not a big meat eater, but I could still appreciate the execution of the sauce and that it was made in house.  I am not used to eating smoked meat so was a little concerned that the chicken looked pink, but the bf explained to me that that is how smoked meat should look that has actually been smoked in a smoker and not just marinated in smoke "flavor".  All the meat was very tender, but the sauce was a little too intense for me.  That being said I was more than happy to stick with the sides.
5	Best BBQ I have had in Las Vegas. The pork was perfectly smoked and tender. The sauce was awesome and unique, this place blows everywhere else away.
5	You have got to be kidding me!!!   I didn't think I could find good bbq in this town, but this place is so, so awesome.  We had bbq like this in the midwest and who would have thought it would come to LV?  Forget the famous chefs.  The location is not exactly ritzy, but the food is great.  They could use a TV or 2 in there, but the brisket and pulled pig are fantastic and I love the jalapeno cole slaw.
5	Serve me up some smoky, tender pork slathered with some of the best tasting barbeque sauce I have ever had (including the Scott's BBQ sauce I order from North Carolina!) at a ridculous low price.  Throw in a friendly little hostess/server and a greeting on my first visit from Chef Tim, the master smoker himself.  Then hide your restaurant next to Spearment Rhino and I just may be a customer for life!I heard about Rollin Smoke through word of mouth and looked it up on Yelp only to see it had amazing reviews.  I have to join the bandwagon.  Chef Tim has something special here.  Amazing barbeque and great sides which are a must to be a good BBQ joint in my book.  Don't even get me started on the baked beans and jalapeno coleslaw!  For the quality of food, the prices are crazy low.  No liquor license yet, but for a small corkage fee you can BYOB.  If you force me to find a con, I would say the parking lot is not very big and the bathroom looks like a 1970's situation.  Fortunately, I don't judge a restaurant on those factors.  To me, it only adds to the experience that at any given moment, you can see a blue collar guy in uniform chowing down or a hungry Rhino worker.  BEST BBQ IN VEGAS!  Don't even doubt.
5	The brisket is outstanding.
4	OK it's a little off-beat for a location, off of Highland in an industrial mega-plex area, strip bars and mechanics shops vie for attention.  You can't miss the big smokers out front though, sitting in the parking lot like beasts of barbecue.   You go inside and like a magical mirror, the place is so much bigger in than out, with a side room and front room with tables and chairs to hang out in.  NOW, the amazing part, the part that astounds is the BBQ!  I don't believe I have ever had better BBQ sauce...EVER.  The brisket wasn't tender but delicious, the hot link was extraordinary and the beans had chunks of beef that were staggering.  Everyone in our group (there were 9 of us) shut right up and dug in (although keeping the 5th star away for now was the somewhat unorganized service).  If you love BBQ, there is NONE better in Vegas, or maybe even in the great state of Nevada.  Heck, I would put it up against the little smoke houses in my wife's hometown of Nashville!  Truly superb food and the banana pudding at the end was heaven itself.  If you are into "fancy" you don't know BBQ anyway so this aint for you.  IF YOU WANT the best tasting BBQ in town though, this is the place for you!   GET SOME!!!
5	It's always a good sign when you show up at a BBQ place and several smokers are fired up in the parking lot. I found this place on Yelp and wanted to try a new BBQ place on my business trip to Vegas. This place did the trick and then some.Excellent, friendly service. Pulled pork, brisket and mac and cheese were all very good. Very tender meat with a smoke flavor that was just right -- not overpowering at all. Sauce was slightly vinegary and was definitely peppery, as someone else mentioned, but I like that. Next time, I want to try the hot links and ribs.And don't skip the banana pudding.There's plenty of time for the chains. This is the kind of place that I hope both locals and tourists would support.
5	Just finished a fan-freaking-tastic Christmas lunch from Rollin Smoke and wanted to recommend this place for catering!  Since nothing says Merry Christmas like great BBQ, I knew I wanted to treat our office to some Rollin Smoke for Christmas. Best. Idea. Ever.  Chef Tim hooked it up!  Lunch was for 14 people, but I swear we got food for twice that! A huge thing of Kickin Beans, Coleslaw, barbequed chicken, ribs, pulled pork, sandwich rolls, sauce and . . . wait for it . . . mac n cheese.  I hate mac n cheese.  I'm serious.  I hate it.  Just want you to understand who you are dealing with here.  So I never thought these words would come out of my mouth, but: I loved this mac n cheese!  Had a little kick to it (like most food here) and was really good.  I just hope my waistline can survive my obsession with this place!  haha.
4	Trolling around for some BBQ in the Veg. We lost my favorite BBQ joint Pit Boss BBQ. They just up and left and didn't give their customers the heads up if they were going to set up shop somewhere else. A lot of their fans were disappointed when they disappeared.The homie tells me of this new joint chillen on D.I. and Highland. I'll pho'ks with it. I roll up and see huge smokers out front. Very good sign. I go inside thinking it's going to be another hole in the wall. Inside looks nice and accommodating. Lot's of places to sit and get down. So I try and sample as much as I can. I get the trio combo and a half rack of baby back ribs. Hey! Don't diet! Try It!  Trio Combo:The trio combo comes with brisket,  a hot link, pulled pork, some bread, a few pickle slices, a side (mashed potatoes), and a side of their BBQ sauce. Their hot link came in first, with their pulled pork and brisket comming in an honorable second. Their hot links stood out with the most flavor from this combo. Coming back for more of this tube steak. You can definitely taste the smokey flavor of their passion. Baby back ribs:They difinitely have this one on lock down. Very smokey and tasty. How can you mess up baby back ribs? Fall off the bone with their tangy BBQ sauce makes this one a definite come back. BBQ sauce:Their BBQ sauce has a tangy spicy taste to it which will linger with you after you finish feeding your face. They give you a lot of sauce with their BBQ and give you a side of more BBQ sauce just in case. There have been a couple of spots where they just give you a dab of BBQ sauce. Come on folks! Don't be stingy with your BBQ sauce.This is a solid diamond in the rough. It's kind of tricky getting here. If you like BBQ, try this place out and support them. It's hard to find some solid BBQ in Vegas these days. They're doing a great job. I had the coworkers sample some of their BBQ when I got back from lunch. Definitely a new lunch spot for the gang. Still have to try their beef ribs and everything else that's on the menu.Rollin Smoke Barbeque....EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
5	The rib tip sandwich is brilliant.  The mac and cheese has just the right amount of kick.
4	Real Good authentic dry rub smoked BBQ. Total hole in the wall with some of the best pulled pork I've had... huge portions and freindly staff... If you like the corporate heat and serve food nicely packaged in a themed resteraunt, go there and not here. If you want real food and real people, this is the place..I will always go here when I'm passing through...
4	I wish there were an option for 3.5 stars, but since I am convinced they will impress me next time I will go ahead with the 4. First off this place ain't for vegetarians, there's a huge stuffed hog's head next to the tables.  As well as a big Razorbacks poster. I had to ask if they were from Arkansas considering I took a road trip there over the summer and had my fair share of southern BBQ. Sure enough they answered with "wooo pig suuuiii" which if you know anything about college football or the razorbacks, you'll understand. Between 3 of us we ordered 3 sandwiches (hot links & pulled pork) and a half rack of baby back ribs.I really enjoyed the ribs, not too much fat, perfectly blackened and the sauce was homemade and peppered well. I also ordered a mac & cheese side. Still wondering how that was because they served me loaded mashed potatoes instead. We also ordered it Togo, and they brought it all out on trays, to dine in. We did not complain about the side mix up, nor the unboxed food. We simply stayed and enjoyed our grub. The taters looked great and were; other than some of the bacon bits inside were a tad undercooked. The sweet tea was also a plus. I only seen one employee and noticed he was running outside to the smoker pit, taking orders, handing out orders, as well as doing the cleaning. They were pretty busy and could have used another person. The reason ultimately they got 4 stars, the food was great, and the guy serving us was pretty awesome regardless of the mistakes made. Double checked on us, made sure we got the free dessert with our yelp check in, genuinely cared about making the place work. Hopefully being right next to the strip clubs, they will last. I will for sure return to try the brisket and catfish.
4	Great food, great prices, great service and a casual dining atmosphere. I would have to say it's the best BBQ in Vegas.
5	OMG...the BBQ sauce is sweet and spicy at the same time but definitely ask for extra. The cup they give you just isn't enough. The banana pudding is homemade and to die for. Go hungry and expect to leave satisfied.
5	The beef brisket was delicious & very filling - I couldn't even finish it!  The beef ribs were HUGE and fell off the bone. Try the Mac & cheese if you like pepper - but it's good.The owners are 2 brothers from Arkansas who really take pride in their southern BBQ food. It's not far off the strip and they have 3 big smokers right in front.  You have to keep your eye out for it or you might drive by - like we did!  Definitely give them a try - it will be worth it.
5	Tasty BBQ and sides, reasonable prices. seems like honest home cookin'. Would like a little more heat, but won't dock them for it.
4	Great pork but the Brisket needs a Lil work   but over all good food
5	HANG UP THE PHONE! I found this total hole in the wall on Yelp, and BOY Im glad I did!Hubbys from Texas and cant find decent brisket here despite many a valiant effort. Until now. Heres the scoop:This place is tucked behind a strip joint in the seedy area behind the mirage on highland drive.  In fact, if you're squeamish about going to the hood, you may want to come at lunch time rather than dinner. If youre from out of town, dont expect much in the way of atmosphere. The decor is minimal. There are six tables total in the small front room, and maybe 6 or 8 inthe small side room.  . This place belongs on diners drive ins and dives for sure. Service was ok. At times we had to wait a few minutes for servers to emerge from the kitchen. However, When they werent cooking, they were polite & personable.Despite all of this, the rating is five stars for the food alone. This food really is off the hook. 1. Biggest beef ribs ive ever seen and thats not an exaggeration. 8oz of beef on each one at least. Sooo tender .& juicy, and the sauce was perfect2. Best brisket in town, hands down. TENDER, MOIST, unlike at every other wannabe bbq place in town. 3. The fried okra was the best ive had this side of the mississippi, OR north of the mason-dixon line. I dont like okra if its not perfectly cooked. This was. I was frankly shocked! 4. Jalapeno coleslaw was very good if a bit hot!5. Blackberry cobbler was pretty good. I enjoyed it. Portions are good sized & filling.Note: Theres a soda machine tucked in an alcove thats hard to find. At first we thought all they had to drink was sweet tea with no ice lolIn short: if youre from the south and are craving authentic bbq, this place is worth the trip. Oh, and the prices are HALF that of lucilles bbq. Five stars!
4	Hit Rollin Smoke today for lunch.  Location ain't the most convenient for me but i was at nearby Caesar's earlier throwing the dice, i came out on top so time for a treat.  As usual, I previously saw Nelson's review of the place and though i've never met the guy, i like how he food rolls so let's try da smoke ! A little concerned when i walk into the place - a lady in front of me was there to pick up a large phone order for the office she works in - apparently, the order was misplaced.  Props to the staff, they stepped up and got the order confirmed and my guess is it took them less than 10 minutes to get the order ready and they comped the sides !  good job !The older guy that took my order is a good 'ol boy - not sure what part of the south he's from but given the Arkansas razorback banner, i'm guessing Arkansas.  Had to repeat my order several times and he had difficulty putting the order into the POS system ( and sadly, he still got the order wrong )Ordered:3 meat combo - pulled pork, links and brisket with a side of bacon potato salad ( also comes with a drink ) $13 couple of Bones ( ribs ) - $ 2 each Side of mac and cheese and beans ( $2 each ) Outlaw Burger ( $7.99 ) - basically the kitchen sink burger two other groups came in after me - both groups got their food before me - a little irritated about this but the guys were apologetic and explained that the burger takes 15 minutes to cook since it's a one pounder, and since i like the overall vibe of this place, i can let it slide.  Got the food, started driving home - yes, i ate everything but the burger while driving home - my shirt is soaking in the washer as we speak !Caution - ASK FOR THE SAUCE ON THE SIDE ! Don't get me wrong, i loved the sauce but some may find the sauce to spicy or not spicy enough.  Plus, i like to taste the 'Q in it's "barren" state so i can admire the smoke ring, focus on the meaty, smoky flavor and then dip it into the sauce - just a personal preference.Highlights - DA MEAT ! - loved it all !  I really liked that the pork had decent chunks of bark.  The ribs were great - surprised at size and yet tender.  The brisket had the perfect smoke ring and great flavor.  Minor "beef" ( get it ? )  - they sprinkled some chopped green onions on the ribs - NO ! Mac N Cheese - nice creamy cheese with a little spicy bite to it - wish it was baked with a crunchy top but it still tasted greatLow points - again, a little on the slow side but just a slight knock.  The beans - several chunks of cartilage and grizzle but good flavor.THEY FORGOT MY BACON POTATO SALAD.  WAHHHHHHHH ( major tears ) Pic of Burger included - i've yet to try it !  I will return and hopefully i can give them a 5 star review
5	Get here now to have some of the best BBQ in Vegas! Awesome food nice people clean inside dining.
5	I love this place.  Its the best hole in the wall find that I have come across in a long time.  Its hard to get to and you literally have to know about it to eat there.  Thats the cool part.  I have had the pork ribs and then went back a week later for the beef ribs.  Both were awesome.  I am going to keeping taking my friends here.  These are the best ribs that I have had in town.  They also have a ground beef/brisket hamburger that I am dying to try.  This place has no thrills but incredible food.  Highly recommended for the food and adventure.
4	Best BBQ in Vegas. All of the choices are very good. My favorites are the ribs and brisket. I also love the location. I hope they put more tables outside when it warms up. I gave 4 stars because the sides are much too small. I would rather them up-charge and give you a lot more. You think large when you think BBQ.
4	Highland Dr and Industrial Rd are better known for their close proximity to the Las Vegas glittery night life, where even the least physically attractive individuals can lease the personal attention of barely clothed seductive sirens $20 at a time.  But thanks to Rollin' Smoke Barbeque, this same area will also be known for down to earth, simply delicious BBQ. On a recent weekday evening, a handful of coworkers decided to meet here post work to try some BBQ that Nelson Q has proudly put his 5 Yelp stars stamp of approval on. In typical fashion, I was the first to arrive.  The parking lot was empty except for 2 cars, all the other businesses were closed, and there was a guy in suits finishing his early dinner.The restaurant itself is very low key. It housed nothing flashy in terms of decorations, except for a big boar's head mounted on one of the walls. The lobby/ordering counter is in a small room, but the main dining area is in the adjacent room. The seats are comfortable, and there is a TV for you to watch sports or highlights, while you wait for your order.Most of us opted to try the Outlaw Burger. For $6.99 + tax, this burger is the size of two of my fists stacked on top of each other.  It is packed with a 1 lb patty (60% brisket and 40% ground beef) and cooks down to about 12 oz, served with Rollin' Smoke's homemade tangy BBQ sauce, the usual vegetable fixings and some (lettuce, tomato, fried onions, scallions, and cheese) which not only made it physically big but the flavors complimented each other and resulted in a mean serving of burger that I can easily recommend to anyone not opposed to eating pork and beef.  For $2, you get a drink and choice of one side (bacon potato salad would be a good pick), and make your order a combo.  Currently there is also a Yelp Check-In promotion, where you get a complimentary dessert with your order.Rollin' Smoke BBQ, now my personal #1 one pound burger in LV.Decor:  3/5  No frills hole in the wall restaurant. You are here because you want good BBQ, not design ideas for your Texas ranch.Food:  4/5  Good BBQ made with passion and love.  They serve Blue Belle ice cream too (coworkers said it reminded them of the ice cream in the Philippines. I will take their words for it.)Value:  4/5  Good for the wallet. I estimate that 65%+ of you will not be able to finish the Outlaw Burger, side + drink.Location:  5/5  Not far at all if you are visiting the Strip.  The cabbies will probably know it too, if not, it is just down the street from Sapphire. Parking:  5/5  It is practically all for Rollin' Smoke BBQ customers.Easily 4 stars!P.S.  If you stop by during lunch, I heard this is where some of them sirens get their lunch/breakfast before/after work. So I've heard.
5	Honestly left that place feeling like I was part of the family. Dusty sold me on the place before I had even ordered my food. I have never experienced "Good Ol Southern Hospitality," but if its anything remotely similar to the way we were treated at Rollin Smoke Barbeque, I'm moving to Arkansas!! We ordered The Outlaw, The Piggy, and the Brisket Sandwich with Mac and Cheese, baked beans, and corn bread as our sides. All three of us left 100% satisfied with the service, food, restaurant, and everything. 20 min later and we're still talking about it. Dusty and John built that place from the ground up and if you treat um well, they'll return the favor. I'll definitely be stopping in again!!! No complaints here. 5/5
5	wow finally great barbeque in Las VEgas....
5	I BELIEVE!!! I BELIEVE!!! My first visit here, I was very impressed with their B.B.Q. My second visit, I was totally blown away!I finally got the fellas at work to come here. I've been here before but did not have the honor to try their BRONTOSAURUS RIBS. The pictures left by some honorable Yelpers caught my gut. HOLY BAJAYZUZ!!! They are "DAMN GOOD!!!" The pictures of course do not do it justice. I get my combo. $13 well spent. This is all you really need if you're a beef rib connoisseur. They give you two Gangster Sized Ribs, a side (mine was the bacon potato salad), a slider bun, and a tasty cool beverage to wash it all down with on tap. The best DAMN BEEF RIBS I've ever had! They were freaken GIANORMOUS!!! Fall off the bone tender. I easily cut them off the bone and it looked like I had two big steaks. I cut off one nice slice and made a rib slider with the bun. I usually don't have trouble finishing my ribs, but these were like BRONTOSAURUS RIBS off of the Flintstones! FOR REALLY DOE!!!Great service, great place to sit your phat @$$ to chow down, and AMAZING B.B.Q. Rollin Smoke B.B.Q. is blowing up. Keep up the great work guys!!! Will be back soon. I've been looking for a new go-to place for B.B.Q. I think I found my home.EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
5	"HOW MUCH FOR JUST ONE RIB?"Actually if Chris Rock only ordered one beef rib here, that would be all he needs. I made the mistake of ordering a beef rib on the side because I thought the dual meat combo of beef brisket and pulled pork was not gonna be enough because I was really hungry. The beef rib itself  does not look like it came from a cow because if it did, the cow would have been as big as an elephant!As you can tell, the beef rib stole the show. So lets break down my other choices.First of all, those two black smokers you see outside are legit and im not talkin about Snoop Dogg and Dr Dre. They use hickory wood to smoke all their meats and it aint no joke! Their smoke flavoring is just one of their key ingredients that makes their barbeque so good. The dual meat combo of beef brisket and pulled pork smothered with their signature barbeque sauce will definitely get your salivary glands working overtime. The brisket has just the right amount of smoke flavoring and if the pulled pork was any more tender, Elvis himself wouldnt be any more proud singing "Love Me Tender".As much as I would of loved to try all their barbeque being the carnivore that I am, that only warrants another trip or three to accomplish that. I would also like to mention their sides. I chose the bacon potato salad, but if you ask me, I think you cant go wrong with any of them. Just recently, they added fried okra and corn to their menu.As for the desserts, assuming that the button on your pants has not busted off already, the peach cobbler is literally the icing on the cake not to mention the banana pudding.Some random info: Yes they take cards. Yes they have sweet and unsweetened tea. Yes they have a decent amount of room with enough tables and chairs. Lastly but most importantly, their service is very remarkable (no surprise because they have the southern hospitality demeanor).Oh, and one last thing. The area they are in is kind of suspect. Im not trying to scare you guys or anything, but the street they are on is dominated by strip clubs. Dont worry though, these guys are not open late so I dont see any problems, unless you are into strippers. LOL.
2	Two associates and I tried this BBQ joint because of all the good reviews posted here.  I guess I should have tried the beef ribs because the brisket I had was overcooked, dry and tough, the pulled pork wasn't tender enough, and you can't order baby back ribs with the combos, only St. Louis.  I had a couple of those and they were OK, just extra fatty.  Overall, I was disappointed because I'm a BBQ aficionado due to my multiple trips to Texas every year.  I like BBQ so much I bought a Texas-style smoker with a side firebox and spent a few years perfecting my 'Q smoking skills.  I can do a brisket and pulled pork that are miles ahead of what we got here and my baby backs are killer.  I don't know, maybe it was too late in the day, we got there about 7 PM and despite what it says in the listing, they close at 8 on weekdays.  The pit master, who seems to be a very nice guy and is very friendly, brought a bunch of briskets in that had just come out of the smoker and maybe we got the tail end of the last batch.  Even if that was the case however; what we got shouldn't have been served in my opinion, it was that bad.
3	Still searching for that "BEST" bbq joint. I think i've come to the conclusion im just not a big BBQ guy. For what it is though, Rollin Smoke BBQ was good
5	Yes Virginia, there is a barbeque place in Vegas!I kept reading reviews on this place and finally got out there to try it. I escaped work for a bit and hit it for lunch. I lived in NC for several years and really missed having great barbeque. This has filled the void.First the meat, I had pulled pork sandwich and my husband had two meat option, pulled pork and brisket. They were both awesome! Cooked nicely on the smokers outside, just enough sauce, not too much, perfect smokey flavor.  Next time I will try the links.The sides were terrific too. So many places seem to haves sides as an after thought but not here. I had jalapeno coleslaw. It had a nice kick, not too much mayo, super flavorful. Husband had the beans. So good with extra chunks of meat and a smokey flavor. We were both stuffed at the end. All very affordable too! Two meat special, two sides, sandwich combo including drinks for both just $22.With the great weather I wish they had more tables outside. I could lounge out there and smell the smokers all afternoon. I also wish they could sell beer since that pairs so nicely with barbeque. But that great meat trumps those issues. I've been to the other places in town and this one blows them away. We will be back soon!
5	I could swear I wrote a review about this place a month and a half ago, but it seems Yelp ate it or something.Anyway, I've been here a few times now (twice today, for some reason!) and the food and service are always top notch. This place puts the other BBQ places in town like Memphis Championship and Famous Dave's (Famous Who?, now) to shame. Their sweet tea is the bomb!John even convinced me to eat something different tonight, because I always get the same thing otherwise, so I tried their Outlaw Burger. I think Wilford Brimley wants to have a word with me about Diabeetus or something now, because I ate way too much. Enjoyed every bite, though!Good luck to the Yelpers participating in the rib eating contest tomorrow!
5	If I could give 10 stars I would. This place makes me sad for one reason... we don't have a place like this in LA. Not only is the food EXCELLENT, but the owner and everyone there is so friendly! You can really taste the pride and attention they give to make your meal.
5	Food was excellent and the owner was very friendly.
4	Every day im hustlin...for some lip smackin good bbq!!So glad I found this place thanks to good 'ol trusty yelp here. Was craving some bbq late sat. night and saw that this places closes at 1:30am! Hollah! Its off of South Highland and if you're like me, I discerned the location to be close to Spearmint Rhino. When we got there looked a lil sketchy on the outside but saw that they had these huge smokers out in the parking lot. Walked in, the lady was really nice suggested some things. I got the ribs, 2 BIG A$$ ribs and a side of fried okra. THE BEST RIBS I'VE EVER HAD. Thats it. you can stop reading and go getchur grub on. I've never had ribs that meaty and juicy before and even the fried okra was fried to perfection. And it was all for $13!! please don't raise your prices Rollin Smoke! Apparently there was a rib eating contest that same day, bummed I missed it! So thankful to have found some southern bbq here in the city. No longer going to Famous Dave's!
5	If I ever decide to give up having a meaningful physical relationship with another human being, I will buy a booth in this place and proceed to eat BBQ and "the fixins" for the rest of my days.  Until that time, I try to keep my visits here to a couple a month.  Given how good the food is, that has proven difficult.Two weeks ago, I took some co-workers here and one of them ordered the fried shrimp.  I know!  Stupid, right?  WRONG!  Because she eats like a bird, she gave each of us a piece and dang!  That was some amazing fried shrimp.  The batter has a lot of spices and is similar to the cornmeal batter used for catfish.  So good.  The regulars in our group agreed that the fried shrimp is our next order.  Lately, I've noticed that business is really picking up.  Glad to see it, but I considered keeping my mouth shut about this place from now on.  My duties as a Yelper won out in the end.  I go to lunch pretty early, so my current mission is to make it here when the greens are ready (these take a hot minute to cook right), because there's really not much I love more than good greens.  If my meaningful physical relationship with another human being does not work out, I may marry The Pulled Piggy with a side of kickin beans.
5	These guys are from Arkansas and boy do the know their BBQ. You just don't find BBQ like this in this town! Loved the baked beans. Will defiantly be back. I have eaten here many times, and had them cater a party. I love their ribs. I don't know where they find ribs with so much meat on the bones but they are fantastic.
4	Came here to try it out with my co-workers. I ordered The Trio plate with bacon potato salad as my side. Best $15 I spent!!!! The meat was so tender and soaked up all the BBQ sauce. Nothing was dry and everything was an orgasm in my mouth! Finger licking good! I will definitely be coming back!!!!
5	My wife and I just moved back to Vegas and discovered Rollin Smoke last night.  We are stoked that Vegas has a real BBQ joint.  It made me want to cry...  My wife gave it the Texas approval too.
5	You won't find a better BBQ place anywhere near this gem! Great, tasty food for a good price! The staff is friendly and knows what they are doing when it comes to BBQ! Stopping here whenever I'm in Vegas for sure!
4	All you need to know:Peach cobbler is so good, it'll make u slap ur momma!Brisket is moist, juicy and melts in your mouth.Fried Okra is the best in town hands down.Catfish is properly seasoned, crispy on the outside and juicy and flaky on the inside.So we walked in on a Saturday night at around 11 or so and we were the only ones in there. So I will admit, I wasn't sure if the reviews were going to be right. I mean if this place was going to be as good as everyone said, then why isn't this place packed?But we sat down and the guy was friendly and down home. I love a southern gentleman, they win me over every time. He told me that they were out of the beef ribs but if I wanted to wait 45 minutes that they would be ready. So I didn't want to wait 45 minutes and went with a meat platter. I got the brisket and st Louis ribs and hot links. Already told you about the brisket, the ribs I enjoyed too. They were tender and smokey and very flavorful. If I am being honest, then I would probably pass on the hot link. I think they were just bbq'ed too long for me. So we got dessert with our yelp check in and I wasn't too sure that they would taste so good based on their appearance. We ordered banana pudding and peach cobbler. I would alone come for the peach cobbler but again, if I am being honest I would pass on the banana pudding.I love BBQ. It is just always so hard to find a good decent eats for BBQ in this town. But the quest for me has ended here. I rave about this place to everyone. The BBQ sauce here is amazing too. Sweet and Spicy. I tried to see if they bottled it and sold it but they don't. So instead they gave me a to go container for free.I can't wait to come back.
4	Here's the rundown regarding Rollin Smoke BBQ;1.  Huge, I mean gigantic portions.  See pictures for yourself2.  No one can compete with their prices when it comes to BBQ.3.  Hole in the wall type restaurant, my favorite type 4.  Great service5.  Conveniently located near my favorite type of clubs.  Joking...I think. When I first met Heather H, the first thing that came out of her mouth wasn't "Hi, nice to meet you".  It was "have you been to Rollin Smoke?, You have to go there ASAP".  Actually, she did say "hi", but Rollin Smoke stuck in my head.  If you don't know Heather H, she's a well respected Yelper in the Las Vegas community.  And if Heather and her boyfriend love the food here, then it must be pretty damn good.  Read the reviews, rarely any complaints from anyone about Rollin Smoke. When I found out that we were having dinner at Rollin Smoke one Friday evening, guess who I reached out to?  Heather H of course.  I thought it was funny that while she responded to my questions, she was also on her way to Rollin Smoke for lunch.   She's a die hard for sure.  As for her suggestions, she suggested something she never had and the rest of the menu. I guess this means a Win Win situation for me. My Meal:Chicken and Ribs Combo:  Read this closely.  Don't look at prices because it's deceiving. The portions are huge!!! Portions are so big, that I only was able to finish half my chicken and one rib.  I loved the chicken BBQ. It's cooked perfectly, chicken still tender (not dry), and the flavors poured out of it with every bite. As for the ribs, I only had one and thought it was just okay. I hate to admit that I've had better ribs elsewhere. But for the price, it was a great deal. Their mac and cheese is a must eat as well as their corn bread on steroids.  I finished the mac n cheese, but could only muster half my corn bread.  Both had a little kick to it.  Yes, even the corn bread had a kick to it. Service was pretty good too.  You need to order at the counter and the food is served to you.  Like most BBQ places, the food does take a little time to cook so be patient and enjoy your company. I ate a lot, Terri R ate a lot, and Chad S ate a lot. I guess that equals to all of us eating a lot.  $40 for 3 people to eat on a Friday night is not bad at all.  It's such a bargain here that you'll even be left with a few bills to hit the nearby clubs and make it rain.  Chicken and Ribs Combo (Rib Portion):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#JzVJa44kXIqmrTwzsB0VogChicken and Ribs Combo (Chicken Portion w/their Mac N Cheese):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#eBYim1tMqbyjwCSu_KomSACorn Bread:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#KCz1AngCp_JfBfBADzCf_A
4	Got call from leader of asian persuasion pack Terri R about trying someplace new out and ALWAYS stay down for trying new spots in town. More so ones that fellow yelpers rave about. Not sure the last time had some good old fashion ribs. So excited too get down and dirty. Talk about epitome of Hole in the Wall. Industrial Rd not exactly the prettiest road in Vegas but great for gentlemen clubs. Anyway so for second thinking going too one only too pass it and then once did get too Rollin Smoke Barbeque look down the street shocker another one. Once you do get here the smell from the pits literally parked right outside in the parking lot (I have no idea when they start but assume in the morning) and them ribs block out everything. I think Hole in Wall places have so much personality and character ALL its own. Once get inside the menu is fairly small but they do have chalkboard with their daily specials. You go up too the cashier too order then they bring the food out too you. You sit wherever you like or have room. They have two room adjacent too one another and other room talk about personality on the walls with the art. How can you not love the boars head or pig head looking over the restaurant from one corner? They do still T-shirts that like the logo but next time go get one of kind T-shirt. I decided too get The Trio plate. What better way too try little of everything or get my meat in. They out of the hot link so got double order of the pork. My sides went with the mac and cheese. I also ordered side of The Kickin Baked Bean. The pork was excellent! I could easily see myself tearing up pull pork sandwich. Guess is one of there more popular items. The ribs were solid little bit different style then the ones more use too but still solid. Wish could tell you about the hot links but save that for another review. The sides the mac and cheese was really good. It not cheesy cheesy but not runny also so had nice balance. The Kickin Baked Beans now that am FAN. I enjoyed the pieces of pork or beef that in it. I really did have nice little kick spice level too them. Even though it small menu fell like lot more thing for me too try.The prices talk about reasonable priced! Compare too some of the other franchise places this place is a steal. You get so much more personality and one of kind experience. Under $20 you can fill yourself up with any combination and still have enough for desserts. The service is awesome! Small business owners that sense the personnel touch all around. It small place so just make sure you beat the crowd cause the place can fill out quick. If never been Rollin Smoke Barbeque someplace check out or fill like mixing up one night. Thanks my partners Mel C and Terri R!!! You guys rock!!
5	As a foodie who grew up in Kansas City, my great frustration with the Las Vegas food scene for many years was the absence of authentic wood-smoked barbecue.  The dirty little secret of the BBQ business is that a lot of it isn't smoked, but just baked in a regular oven.  Oven-baking is a zillion times easier - no fire to tend, no smoke burning your eyes - but it lacks the delicious smokeyness that BBQ fanatics live for.  You will never see a wisp of smoke coming out of Famous Dave's, Lucille's, or Memphis Championship.  But if you drive up to Rollin' Smoke, you'll see the smokers billowing away right in their parking lot.  Rollin' Smoke, Top Notch (both relatively new) and Annie's Kitchen (open for a while now, but not in the best neighborhood) are the only three BBQ joints in Las Vegas where they actually smoke the meat.  And believe me, once you've tasted the difference, you'll never go to the oven-baked frauds again.For BBQ lovers who must know:  hickory is the wood of choice at Rollin' Smoke, the dry rub is fairly mild, and their sauce is closest to the sweet Memphis variety.  If you're not that concerned with the fine-print details, suffice it to say that Rollin' Smoke is exactly what barbecue should be:  smokey, meaty, and falling-off-the-bone tender.  If you're looking for a LOT of meat for a terrific price, go with the St. Louis ribs, the $12 half rack feeds two normal adults or one BBQ glutton.  The $20 full rack should easily feed a family of four; the size of the rack is straight out of The Flintstones.  While most people prefer babybacks because of their tenderness, my problem with babybacks is that there just isn't enough meat on them.  My eyes popped when I saw the babybacks at Rollin' Smoke because I've never seen babybacks anywhere (well OK, not in Kansas City, Memphis or Texas - 3 of the 4 "capitals" of BBQ) with so much meat on the bones - all the tenderness of babybacks but twice as much meat.There are plenty of other great items on the menu.  The pulled pork and beef brisket are both winners.  For lovers of Texas-style, they even offer beef ribs, done to perfection (beef ribs are a lot trickier than the pork kind).  My favorite side dish is the bacon potato salad.  The mac & cheese is great too.  One side to avoid is the yams, which I thought were blechy.  True to the owner's roots, two Southern classics are available for dessert:  banana pudding and peach cobbler.  They also serve up a blackberry cobbler which is pretty good (even though I don't like blackberries).  Two caveats before you eat here: 1) be very specific about what you're ordering, because mixups can happen; and 2) order less than you think you can eat, because the portions are huge.  If you're looking for food late on a Fri or Sat night, Rollin' Smoke is open until 1:30 a.m. - a far better option than the overpriced mediocrity of casino coffeeshops.The typical BBQ joint is formica tables and white plaster walls, bare except for a few pictures of the owner posing with whatever celebrities have eaten there.  Rollin' Smoke is a bit nicer than most because it took over its space from a failed restauranteur whose background was interior design, not food.  But forget the interior, all you need for ambience is a view of those beautiful billowing smokers in the parking lot.
5	Another post Caesar's craps session visit to Rollin' Smoke.  Arrived around 1 pm and the place was still hoppin' with the lunch crowd.Ordered totally off special menu:Smoked meatball sub with side ( went with mac n cheese) and drink ( $9)Slider trio with side( picked cole slaw) - meats were pulled pork, sausage and chicken ($11 ?? ) Rib combo - beef, st louis and baby included ( $16)we've yet to try the ribs since the other food filled us up !The meatball sammie was actually 3 sliders - each had cheese and a decent sized, dense meatball drowning in a very spicy sauce - loved it ! The trio sliders - also spiked with the spicy bbq sauce - loved the pulled pork and the sausage - would've preferred brisket for the 3rd slider ( probably could've had if i asked ) - large pile of meat on each slider;  smoky goodness - all good !As usual, the sides complimented the meat perfectly.I've kicked my rating up a star since they've maintained the quantity/quality of the meat AND the service was excellent.Oh yes, I'll be back !!pics included
5	Once again, I've found a 5 star BBQ that is not even 500 miles from home... nor anywhere close to the south?! *sighThis place fires on every cylinder!  From the main meats down to the sides.  I mean, I wish I could in some sense describe my experience here so that it even comes close to the actual event.... I ordered a rib basket, and for $14.99 I got a beef rib, pork ribs, and a half rack baby back rib.  Now that may not sound like much, but the ribs are HUGE.  The beef rib was the largest I've ever seen.  The meat was tender, juicy, and just shaved off the bone with my plastic fork.  The pork ribs were good, more dense as it should be but still juicy, flavorful meat.  And I can tell you I've never had a baby back rib that even came close to this baby back rib.  Onto the sides.  I've never had a jalapeno slaw that came close to this one, a fantastic blend of spice and sweet, not soppy wet and not dry either.  Mash potatoes with melted cheddar and chives!  Holy crap.  The potato salad was fantastic.  Now I have one rule about BBQ is that I ALWAYS have room for the banana pudding.  I'm sorry to say I broke my rule, so I am not going to be able to inform on the banana pudding.On my next trip to Vegas, you better believe this will be on my list to return to.  Maybe twice :)  And this says something, because the BBQ place is not a walk from the strip, it's a definite taxi ride, but if you are a fan of the show, Counts Kustoms is a little less than a mile walking distance from this place, up the same road so you may kill two birds with one stone.
5	Thank you to all the Yelpers who gave this place a good review! We went on the weekend and it was Great! Great food, great specials and most importantly Greatfriendly customer service! We are most def coming back here the next time we are in Vegas!!!
4	The good: very good smokey taste, lots of meat, place was nice looking. The OK: barbecue sauce wasn't the best, a little too spicy.The bad: wished ordering was easier and faster.The weird: what's up with the soda machine in the tiny room?The funny: the cook delivering the food.
5	Ok I am at Rollin Smoke right now and I can tell you for sure this is one of the best places for bbq in vegas! Oh my goodness its so good! Ordered the beef short ribs (not short at all, almost a lbs of meat), loaded mashed potatoes and mac & cheese. Every single dish is phenomenal and the ribs are something special. The meat literally falls off the bone and is incredibly tender. The bbq sauce is just spicy enough and has perfect flavor. Love the atmosphere, just off the strip a little joint not hard to find. Great place 100% recommended!!!
5	Just stopped by and had the Trio plate with some St. Louis and Babyback ribs to sample as well.... OMG... It was tender and delicious and you could taste just enough of the nice smoke. Brisket had beautiful smoke ring in it, the pulled pork and hot link were incredible and the ribs were great. While my friend enjoyed the babybacks more, I am a little torn as the meaty St. Louis ribs I got were incredible. Tough choice, i think the best to do is get both like I did. Haven't had the bbq chicken yet, but I will be back to try some and I will be sure to sing your praise to people looking for good bbq. I think halfway through my meal I realized i had stopped using my fork long ago and was fingers covered with delicious bbq sauce and goodness. Keep up what you are doing and I will be sure to be back!
5	200th review!  And yes, it is a worthy one!First of all, this is a true hole in the wall place...I would have never tried it if it wasn't for Yelp, and I would have barely found it if they didn't have the BBQ grilles parked out front!Start off with the food....the Pulled Pork sandwich is truly amazing  :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#3VPTArn4TCy4jDYzeSJbywBeautiful char carmelization on the outside...tender juicy goodness on the insides....and the tangy BBQ sauce sets it off!  Not spicy, but it has that flavor depth that is needed for an interesting (but not overpowering) BBQ sauce.  It is easily the best pulled pork sandwich I have had, but it is actually one of my most favorite ways I have consumed the pork beast himself.For the side, I asked what was most recommended.  I was told to try the mac and cheese :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=GGZosl72mVr20EopFH0CCQ#uGQtCaucN0VVUbvSjXBlkQIt was good!  Lots of spices in here...not spicy, but with more depth and distinguishing tastes put into the food here than a normal mac and cheese at most other places.  I can feel the love :PYelp check-in merited a free dessert...I was recommended the Peach Cobbler (pictured with the sandwich).  It came out piping hot, gooey and tasty....just wish I had some crust in there like the one I love so much at Wing King.  But besides being crustless, this was an excellent rendition.I will say that there was a miscommunication at order though, and my side also never came out with my food until I reminded them it was missing.  I was strongly considering dropping my 5 to a 4 star, but the food and prices are so good, that I feel guilty holding it against them.  If the order was taken correctly the first time, I doubt I would have had anything to complain about...again, just a miscommunication.I'll be back!
5	OMG - this place blows away the Phillips and other ethnic BBQ joints!  Perfect bite, smoke, and 100% guaranteed to fill you up!Beef rib was awesome.Pork baby back ribs perfect.Chicken was juicy and yummy!BBQ sauce was just perfectly executed!Gotta try all their sides - worth every penny.Owner was very nice and bought us some extras when we mentioned we found them thru Yelp!Must go to - get away from the casino buffets!
5	The good: fall of the none delicious BBQ , nice flavor, great spice if u enjoy spice , Mac and cheese is cheesy goodness , chicken is juicy and so flavorful ,and  ribs are the best in town beats buzz hands down .                                                         The Bad: Sauce is way too spicy for kids , Mac and cheese is too spicy ,and  brisket was alright nothing to write about. Ordering is confusing and wasn't sure if u seat yourself or wait to be seated , small location , and not a fan of the location                   Tips: if u don't like spicy food u will not enjoy this , limited items for kids to consume , and they are closed Sunday
5	BBQ Heaven....Wow....i am glad I stop by to have some bbq and it was very tasty and tender...parking was easy and the service was great...and the bbq was very tasty and juicy...oh yea and the bbq was very tasty and smoky goodness...Can't miss this place with the huge pits out front....with delicious smoke coming out of them.....
5	Best barbecue in Vegas! These guys do it right. Very Friendly and Awesome food.
4	If you want plain and simple good old fashioned barbecue, this is the place to go. If you are looking for a fancy restaurant with candlelight and flowers all over the tables, wrong place! This locale is for people "who know what barbecue is really about." If you have visited the South or lived there, you know exactly what I'm talking about!The portions are very generous, so pace yourself and if you order their southern style fries, you will need a few orders because they are made fresh and are just delicious!! Spicy and crunchy. Would definitely go back, but make sure you invite people who appreciate smoked meat so they won't complaint about the appearances of the locale. :)
5	Simply delicious, the ribs were super tender and the brisket was out of this world. Friendly staff, and the food was out in no time.
4	Burger was awesome.. can't wait to go back and try the brisket
5	Everything was absolutely delicious here. The prices were reasonable for the amount of food you get as well.Loved that they made meatloaf out of their brisket!
4	Right in the curve go too fast and you'll miss it....you order first and they bring it to you....ok I had the bbq sundae omg it was great all the wonderful flavors just melted in my mouth....it comes in about a 24 oz cup clear so you can see the layers I chose brisket add my meat oh my my....bottom is potatoe salad it had jalapenos and u think bacon then beans with links then brisket then top it all off with coleslaw can't beat that for $8. My bf food was a little cold so free banana pudding!!!
5	A MUST go to!! The portions are HUGE, prices are dirt cheap!! Have tried several different menu items there, ALL A+!! The chocolate thunder dessert with almond crust is impeccable! Every item smoked there on the property . Have never had any better here in Las Vegas. It is a well kept secret that many others need to discover. One visit and you are hooked to return!
5	This place is LEGIT! It does BBQ for real and conveniently located off the Strip. Pulled pork sandwich and rib plate was yummy. Don't expect the glam scene//// but will get great customer service and the food.
2	The ribs were over cooked and dried out, and the sweet potatoes and mac & cheese were bland. But worst of all, the place simply wasn't clean. We did like the sweet tea and baked beans, and the servers were friendly enough, but that doesn't make up for the dirty floors and soiled table clothes.
5	Good as it gets BBQ with excellent sides - served by friendly staff who get it out to you promptly. Ambiance is only cause for concern, but who cares when the food is so good! Odds are you will become a regular customer!
4	IT AIN'T LOVE BUT IT AIN'T BAD!First the disclaimer: I am from Texas and believe as fervently as any fanatic that the world's finest BBQ is produced in Central Texas and the sauce should always be served on the side. That said, I am not in Central Texas now and Rollin Smoke is real BBQ for sure.I have eaten here three times and was satisfied every time, The pork shoulder is mighty fine, brisket real good too, however the ribs have been a little dry both times I ordered them. Maybe I just played unlucky and ordered them at the wrong time. I like their sauce quite a lot, it's tart, not too thick and spicy enough that one is not tempted to overdo it.I called at 8:40 PM last night, although they were closed Chef Tim was gracious enough to let me pick up 2 lbs, of sliced brisket after hours. The brisket was excellent, juicy with a very dark crust and just enough fat. Had just received a selection of sauces from Franklin BBQ in Austin,TX; favorite of Texas cult BBQ and uber hip Austinites, wanted to do a taste test immediately.I cannot believe that I drove by this place for 6 months before I stopped, such is the sad state of BBQ (and Mexican Food) in Las Vegas. I expect to be disappointed so I postpone it as long as possible. My advice is don't wait another day, go now.
4	After reading Misti's review we couldn't wait to try Rollin Smoke! The waif of smoky goodness starts to hit about a 1/4 mile from the parking lot, which btw looks pretty barren, except for the sign that mentions YELP and you know you are in the right place.Simple, reasonable and downright southern style bbq, all was awesome. Staff was super friendly and educated us newbies. Had the sampler of pork, hot link and brisket.... mmmm mmmm good. The jalapeno chipolte laced slaw as well as the hot link sausage were great and packed some substantial heat. Hubby has the rib sampler plate and couldn't finish it was so loaded. Just an old fashioned joint, order, come as you are and sit yourself down place to eat some great Q.
4	For LV this is a 4 star joint, as for the midwest, east coast, and south this is a 3 1/2 star. To become a 4 star elswhere I need a little more flavor and moist ribs. As a previous reviewer stated the pork ribs were a little dry. great beans, warning to light hearted these are spicy with a touch of jalapena, beef rib is moist tender and meaty. Ribs have just the right amount of mesq/hick smoke. Rib portions are proper, can stand alone w/o sauce, and well priced (avg $2.00 per bone). Not a fan of the potato salad to much mayo, not enough sugar and mustard. Bacon added to the potato salad is alright. If the ribs were taken off the grill 10mins earlier and just a little extra rub added before and after cooking, I would rate 5 stars LV and everwhere else. This place is a gem, lets see what happens.
4	Solid barbeque establishment that is worth trying out.The brisket and pulled pork are decent but when at the Rollin Smoke Barbeque you will definitely want to order their ribs.Their pork baby back ribs has an excellent smoky flavor to it and the meat is very tender. It isn't quite fall off the bone but nonetheless it is very tasty. The prices aren't too bad either and the quality of the food puts it above Famous Dave's.The baked bean sides is about average but the macaroni and cheese is quite creamy and smooth. The noodles they use for it is different and the cheese isn't as sharp. It's more of a mellow flavor. The macaroni and cheese isn't bad, it is simply different.The portions unfortunately aren't large for a two meat combo.The service here is excellent with a friendly staff that is attentive and kind.The decor here also is neat as it represents the hole-in-the-wall kind of grimy joint.I would eat here again.
5	Heard about this place in Vegas Seven, and had to try it. I'm so glad I did!I went with my boyfriend and he got the pulled pork sandwich with the bacon potato salad. I got the 2 plate combo with brisket and pulled pork, and yams as the side. We got a free dessert for checking in and got the banana pudding. It was awesome! Everything was delicious! Best BBQ I've had in Vegas. Service is great too. We talked to the chef for a little while we ate and he was really friendly. We'll be back :)
4	A delicious BBQ place, the portion is definitely worth the price. We had the trio plate which came with 3 choices of meat, 1 side, and a drink for $13. We chose the brisket, pork, and pork ribs. It came smothered in their BBQ sauce, which is slightly tangy and spicy. The pork ribs is the best out of the three...moist and tender; the meat literally falls off the bone. The brisket was a bit dry and the pulled pork was ok, just cover them in BBQ sauce and it'll be fine. As for the sides, the mac and cheese was super cheesy, and the coleslaw has a spicy kick to it. The coleslaw helps give a taste variety to the richness of the meats. Definitely worth coming back the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Wow 3 smokers in the parking lot. Hard to add any more Kudos to previous reviews. Arrived  around 12 noon and lunch was in full swing. There were 4 people ahead of us in the order line. Had to wait a little while as only one person was taking orders. (Not a complaint just a comment)  The order taker was friendly and conscientious. He would repeat the order back to you after entering it into the system.The entire time we were there the order line never had fewer than 3 people. Food is delivered to the table by calling out your name to determine where you were seated. The tables that were mentioned in another review have been replaced with ones that have clean stainless steel tops.The following items were all excellent with the right amount of smoke.Pulled Pork, juicy with just the right amount of sauce.Sliced Brisket was fork tender. Ribs perfect fall of the bone.Several delicious sides. Jalapeno cole slaw, pinto beans.Sorry no room for dessert. Maybe next timeThese folks are doing some fine BBQ. They could be serious contenders at Memphis in May if they choose to compete. Keep on Smokin!!
5	The best buffet in Vegas is not on the strip. The best buffet in vegas lies a bit off the strip at Rollin Smoke Barbeque. The BBQ buffet at Rollin Smokes is only a mere $18.95 for all you can eat meat AND sides:St Louis Ribs (Cooked perfectly and ultra meaty)Pulled Pork (Oh so tender)Barbeque Chicken (Juicaaaay)Sausage (smoked to perfection)There was more, but in Vegas nothing is ever a certainty. The walnut candied yams were my favorite sides, and the others are all worth a bite or 50. BBQ in Vegas has arrived and it most definitely is not on the strip.
5	Family owned place, great customer service and even better food. I ordered the outlaw burger and my friend had the biggin. We both finished them quick since they were so good and we had our peach and blueberry cobblers waiting (a la mode of course). The cobbler was absolutely delicious, the bluebell ice cream really completed this meal. I wouldn't change a thing about this place. I'll travel from Henderson any day for this kind of service and food.
3	Okay, so my son and I went to RS last Friday night. He got the Biggin' and I got the 4 Rib plate. And that where things got crazy..........It's been 5 days and I am still struggling to figure out where to go with this review. Some of what happened was 5 stars and more. Some of what happened was 1 star and less. So I will keep it simple; my son's Biggin' was incredible! My 4 rib combo was okay. I would have liked more flavor, both smoke flavor and seasoning flavor. The service was a mix of being both incredibly entertaining and incredibly bad.Bottom line; although our visit didn't go as well as i would have hoped, when all was said and done they did their best to make things right. It's a great little "mom and pop" Q joint that is feeling the blessing/curse of yelp and LV weekly notoriety. I have no doubt they will pull through and I have no doubt I will be back.
5	This place seems to be a hole in the wall, stuffed off of highland drive and in mixed used businesses.  I didn't know what I was expecting, I had seen some reviews and the pictures looked mouth watering, so when we arrived, I was still a bit unsure.  But once I walked in side and was greeted with a friendly southern howdy, and smelled the sweet scents coming from the kitchen, all my reservations left me!I took a good look at the menu and decided I'd try the beef brisket sandwich and a side of the bacon potato salad.  The brisket was lean, moist, very smokey and I loved it.  The side, bacon potato salad, I love bacon, but not a fan.  I don't usually go for the potato salad anyway, but the bacon made me want to try, but I didn't love it!Overall, a great addition to the BBQ scene for Las Vegas, will be one to come back too!
5	OMG!  I am originally from Texas and miss very much the ability to get BBQ on every street corner.  This BBQ is as good as I am used to back home. I had the pulled pork sandwich (tender as butter), the baked beans (spicy with huge chunks of meat), and the cornbread (incredible, not the least bit grainy with the perfect amount of sweet butter). The prices were reasonable, and the smells when I walked up were enough to work me into a feeding frenzy while I waited on my meal.The service was friendly, and a bit disorganized, but in a very charming way.  You can tell that everyone there was very concerned that every guest was happy.  The location isn't the greatest, but any true BBQ lover will not let that get in the way of the only true southern cooking I've had in the 8 years I have lived here.I am very excited to try more items on their menu.  I can't wait to go back.  Thank you for easing some of my homesickness.
5	Bad-azz BBQ that's open late!  I recall the sign saying they were open until 1:30 AM on the weekends.  This little gem is smack dab in the middle of stripper-ville and the industrial madness that surrounds it.  Don't let that deter you; these guys whip up some crazy good food...for, wait for it...CHEAP!I had the sliders: pulled pork, sausage and beef brisket. That comes with one side so I chose the spicy mac n cheese.  Added a side of corn bread and topped it off with a free (because I checked in) banana pudding!  I think my total was under 10 dollars.Service: excellent.  We were there about midnight and the woman working the counter was quite pleasant.  This is my new goto spot for BBQ...just so happens to be a few blocks from my place.
5	First time we have ever been here.  Saw it on a tv show or something...never the less, we  don't have really anything in the way of a decent bbq place in Rancho.  We turned the corner about a two blocks from the place and could smell the smoker driving with the windows down.  We really didn't need any other directions at that point.  This truley is a "dive" in the best way possible.  The smokers are right out front.  They don't hide in the back of the business.  They're right out there for all to see.  This is the best "real" BBQ my wife and I have had....ever.  We had the St. Louis Ribs special and the Pulled Piggy sandwich.  The ribs were not just "fall off the bone", the bone was falling off the bone.  Now that's tender.  Great smoke penetration on the ribs as well.  I could taste it in every bite.  The potato salad - so so.  Cornbread - really good.  Pulled pork was tender and delicious even without much sauce.  Just the right amount of bark on it as well.  Homemade sauce bottle on the table.  Even better.  This was also the first time I have bought a t-shirt from a food business.  It was that good.  The shirt smells heavily of the smoker...don't want to wash it anytime soon.
5	I love great bbq and this place certainly lived up to expectations.  I had the pulled pork sandwich which comes out on a hoagie roll that made it easy to eat and to add in copious amounts of pork.  There is something special about meat that is just so tender that taking a bite is more about flavor than actual chewing, I left not only satisfied but with thoughts about when I could next return. There are many options for sides from waffle fries, mac n' cheese, potato salad, and a baked potato.  I only tried the waffle fries which was provided in enough of a portion for adequate sharing but also were great to soak up more of that delicious tangy bbq sauce.  This is a bbq place that requires several visits since you'll be wanting to come back and try what everyone else had in full quantities.
5	I don't know if I liked Rollin Smoke BBQ because I had a couple of beers before dining here.  And, I don't know if I liked it because of the people I was dining with.  Again, I don't know if I liked Rollin Smoke BBQ because sitting next to me was Christie O. who doesn't eat pork.  And, trying to tempt her into turning to the "Darkside" was my goal - no success though.  But, what I do know, is that I liked Rollin Smoke BBQ. I had a couple of pork ribs, bacon potato salad, white bread and a diet soda.  The sauce wasn't overwhelming or overpowering.  So, the pork came through.  BACON POTATO SALAD... that won me over.  Anything with bacon is so much better.  The service was awesome as well.  The girl behind the counter was smiling the whole time she was taking our orders.  The food was delivered with that same smile.  Does it get any better than that.  I think not.  And, to be open late, to boot? Come on... awesome!So, I don't care what the reason is, that I like Rollin Smoke BBQ.  I like it and I'll definitely return.
5	I heard so much about the Outlaw burger from Seven and Las Vegas Weekly that I had to try it for myself!  After a well worth 15-min wait a massive burger came to my table...  This burger has lettuce, tomato, cheese,onion straws, a burger patty and brisket.  To take a bite I had to open my jaw as wide as possible and smash the burger down in the process!There is no doubt I can say this is the best BBQ burger I've had in my life and for $8 it left me very full (that and the free dessert I received for checking in on Yelp!).  I'm really looking forward to trying other BBQ items on the menu, there was so many good looking things to choose from that it was overwhelming.6/10/13Just had the brisket sandwich over the weekend and it was awesome!  Very tender, melt in your mouth good.  I brought a group of friends and everyone thought it was amazing.  I'm so glad they have a large menu because I will want to come back here and try everything!
5	Like other folks here have said, I claim to be NO expert on barbecue except to profess that I freaking LOVE it and have had the privilege to eat it all over SoCal and throughout our travels across the US. I still have many, many places to visit and look forward to many more eatin' adventures but here's the down low on this joint and Dusty, the front man for the place. We were in Vegas to celebrate our 10 yr wedding anniversary and my husband wanted to surprise me with a visit to a great barbecue place so he did his research and away we went. Below are my humble observations, take them with a grain of salt, add in what everyone else wrote and you are in for a treat.1. Yes, it's in the hood/industrial type area, sprinkled with strip joints and such, but get over it, the rent is probably cheaper than hell and there are always customers around. 2. Dusty, a young dude to greeted us at the door, is one of the owners and what a hell of a front man he is. Uber friendly, knowledgeable, helpful and filled with positive energy, he treated us like old friends and even if the q had turned out to be shitty, we would've come back just for the customer service...thankfully it was not.3. Small joint, not a huge menu but concise, to the point and the prices are so freaking good! Most of the barbecue places we've ever been to, charge an arm and a leg for a decent sized plate...here? 3 big, meaty pork ribs, 2 sides, a roll, $11.00 bucks and well worth every penny.4. The bacon potato salad, jalapeno, corn coleslaw and banana pudding were absolutely legit and awesome!!5. The best part? My BEEF SHORTRIBS!! So tender, so meaty, with just enough smoky bark on the outside, I sucked those bones like a flipping piranha...OMG!!All in all, 5 stars all around and if I could give more, I would. If you visit and love the place, then please write even a quick review. They deserve as much business as they can handle and I hope they are there for a very, very long time...Good luck Dusty and thank you again for the most awesome beef ribs I've had in a long time.
4	Surprisingly good BBQ in the oddest of strip malls. We missed it the first time around, it's by a Diamonds Cabaret Strip club and when we pulled in the store front is dark so it looks even closed. You'll see large BBQ smokers in the parkinglot so you know you're in the right place. It's open late-ish during the week, and 1:30 am during Fridays and Saturdays! Bobby, Misti, and Mamie said something about grabbing some food to eat here after a UYE and somehow it struck a cord with everyone that BBQ sounds amazing and talk was rumbling about hunger that the rest of us decided to sort've crash on their idea. The BF and I shared two dishes, made both a combo (drink and 1 side) -Smoked meatloaf  was awesome. The BF says one of the best he's had. It's definitely great flavor and is a different style of meatloaf being smoked, then basted in some of the sauce and topped with crispy onion rings. It was on a bed of pretty good red skin mashed potatoes. If you love meatloaf, this is something to try. Beef ribs are normally something we skip over, but seeing as they looked good and people were actually saying they were quality I decided we should give it a go. It was meaty, juicy and tender which is rarely achieved. I have to compare it to my holy grail of Phils in SD, and while it doesn't have that cracktastic crisp outside to moist (haha CHRISTIE O. ) inside, the quality is definitely there and satisfies that want for a good beef rib. So many places don't even serve it, just because of how hard it is to cook right. These were solid. Our sides were also solid. The baked BBQ beans had pulled pork pieces in it and was very good and hearty. Potato salad is the red skin potato style mayo (no mustard) style and had crispy bacon bits and green onions on top. I like all kinds of potato salad and this was good.There was a little bread piece on the basket which was kinda stale and dry which was the only hiccup.  They have one kind of BBQ sauce and it's on the zesty and a tad spicy side which I enjoyed it a lot. I really wanted to try a dessert, but we already had the major meat "itis". Maybe one day I will come back and eat something "lighter", you know, like a sandwich chaulk full of meat. It's a order up type of place at the counter and serve yourself drinks out of the beverage closet (it'll make sense once you're there). The staff was friendly and made sure to check on us.  Apparently the owners are Arkansas folks and while that is a "fringe" state that normally people don't think about slanggin' the 'que, it takes on influence from the best ideas of the rivalry states, really. I definitely think even from this first visit, this place raises the bar on BBQ offerings in this town. We will be back, probably really soon.
4	I lived in North Carolina for 12 years, so I'm picky about my barbeque. When I heard about Rollin Smoke, I knew I had to give it a try.The food here went above and beyond what I ever could have expected from BBQ in Vegas. The location is off the beaten path, but once you find it you truly feel like you've found a hidden gem. I'm not usually big on okra, but the fried okra here was perhaps the best I've ever had. And like I said, I lived in the South for 12 years.This is a great place to grab a low-price, good quality meal in Vegas. If you're a tourist, like I am, and you have a rental car, it's well worth the trip for a tasty meal at an awesome price.
5	As much as I love barbeque, I haven't been happy with any one place in town.  Some have great meat, some have great sauce, but none had both.. until now.Hubby and I went with a friend to try this place out and left with full tummies and happy faces.First, ambiance.. it's a tiny place inside an industrial strip mall next to an overpass.. the word "dive" was invented for this place, I believe.  Trust me, you won't care.  The new tables inside are nice, though.Service.. great!Now for the best part.. the food.  The sides were average to good, but we didn't try a lot of them.  Cole slaw was "interesting", mac n cheese was "okay", baked beans were "good!" .. but we forgot those as soon as we bit into our meats.I had the pulled pork sandwich, the "Piggy", which came with a side and a drink.  The sandwich was enormous.. first thing I did was cut it in half for taking home half of it.  Then I bit into it and all my taste buds jumped up and did a cheer.  It was the most incredible pulled pork I've ever had.  Superlatives abound.. juicy, tender, meaty, saucy, omg nom nom nom.  I'll be honest.. that other half never stood a chance of going home, I ate it all.Hubby couldn't decide so he got a half rack each of the baby back pork ribs and the beef ribs.  He was exclaiming about how incredible the pork ribs were and then he tried the beef, completely forgot the pork was there.  He's definitely a beef ribs guy, always prefers those, and found a level of beef rib heaven he hadn't known existed.  And the size of those beef ribs?  Definitely brontosaurus sized, massive amount of meat on each rib.  Our friend got "The Biggin" sandwich and the brisket sandwich.  He devoured the Biggin and was making lots of strange noises, occasionally coming up for air to proclaim the food amazing.  The brisket arrived a bit later, and brought out a new level of attention - he said it was as tender as a pulled pork sandwich and we all were amazed that there was moist and tender brisket, because every other bbq joint manages to dry the meat out.  Since he has two hollow legs, he ate every bite of both of those monster sandwiches.The prices are cheap, the food is amazing, and it's probably good that they're not located closer to home ;D.  I'm willing to bet that the Pitmaster there gets marriage proposals on a daily basis, because of his great food.  Hubby was ready to ask for a divorce so he could marry him, and I would have understood... ;)
4	A bit hard to find, but worth the chase for sure! Great sides and links. Sold out of brisket that's gotta be a good sign.
5	Looking for GREAT BBQ in LV? Not much selection but 1 mile off strip is some of the best BBQ I have ever eaten. Look for smoking smokers in parking lot. If you are a beef rib fan as I am you will simply not find a better smoked beef rib as good as this except maybe in Texas. Baby backs were top notch. Spares were also excellent but I like mine a bit more fall of the bone then these. Did not try pulled pork but will next time. Not fancy and no booze but who cares? Area is industrial but safe. Quick cab ride from strip.
5	So far, the best BBQ I've had in town...which is 32 years and counting!  They have something for everyone on their menu.  Owners are very friendly and extremely polite!  I think the location is good because its very centralized in my eyes.  Keep up the great BBQ and friendly atmosphere Guys!!!
4	Best pulled pork in Vegas!You know you're in the right place when you smell the hickory in the air from the smokers in the parking lot. And prepare to fight for parking during the lunch rush. I went to Rollin Smoke days after returning from Lockhart, TX. I went not expecting to be impressed, but the pulled pork wowed me. It's usually something I prefer to make at home because it's not often I like it out. But this is tender, succulent and well smoked. The brisket was less impressive, I found it dry. I'd try it again when the sweet taste of central Texas wasn't so fresh. I might like it better. The combo I ordered also came with a dry burnt bun and I selected the mac & cheese for a side. It was pretty good, but I do prefer a creamier version.My brother joined me for lunch, he had the baked potato topped with cheese and brisket. His order came out with pulled pork instead. No worries since it was a winner.This was my first run in with Arkansas BBQ, they definitely make a great pulled pork. The jury is still out on the rest of menu. Must eat more to decide. The staff is super friendly and they're open late on the weekend.
5	This place is amazing. Immediately stepping out of my car into their parking lot the smell of bbq smoke floods your nose. You know it's going to be good. I must say, to my disappointment that I did not get to try as much as I should have. I had the Pull "Piggy" as it's called, which is pulled pork on a hoagie roll. I read some other reviews that it was pretty large and since I was coming for lunch I didn't want to over do it. My mistake. It wasn't that big at all. Simple six-inch hoagie roll stuffed with smoked pulled pork with a drizzle of their bbq sauce and some green onions. It was very stuffed, but I still wasn't full afterwards. My fiance got a sandwich as well, the beef brisket. Both were absolutely amazing. The meat is tender and packed with flavor. The bbq sauce isn't overwhelming and heavy - enough to add flavor and more moistness. All-in-all, I cannot wait to come back to this place. They have AYCE for $25, anytime any item. Challenge accepted, soon.
5	Best barbque in Las Vegas!  Had the rib tips and it was the best I've had. It was soft and boneless. Each taste had a kiss of smoke taste with the sweet and tangy BBQ house sauce. Love it. The sweet tea was not too sweet, perfect. The only BBQ place in town to eat. Open until 130am on fri sat NICE!Had the Peach Cobbler today. Wow.  It was sweet with peach and warm like a hug from an old friend you have not seen in a long time.  I'm not a cobbler fan, but this made me a believer and I'd order it again!
4	This place is down the street from my office. Glad to have delicious BBQ so close. Highly recommend ordering via phone, in advance or going in before 11am, this place can get super busy for lunch. Delicious! I love the brisket! Very tender. I've heard the beef ribs are great, but so far haven't been able to steer myself away from the brisket. I wasn't over impressed with the mac and cheese, but so far everything else has been great. The potato salad  and mashed potato both have bacon in it, so I haven't tried them (I don't eat pork... I know the horror!!)The girls in my office rave about the piggy fries, but I usually get it with brisket and/or over a baked potato or the waffle fries. Either way it's absolutely huge and could easily feed two people. Beware after you finish it you will be ready for a nap!! Note: I really like the Unsweetend Ice tea... and I also keep meaning to try my free with check in banana pudding, but haven't yet. A few weeks ago I tried one of the specials from the board: Cheesy chicken and Jalapeno sandwich. It was delicious. Cut up pieces of chicken and sliced jalapenos drenched in creamy cheesy sauce. There was nothing healthy about it, but it tasted great.
4	Friday night... fridge has left overs but doesn't sound that great after over a 9 hour day of work... Pho? nah... Burger again?.. ehhh.. Ohh yes BBQ!         ohh my goodness. The carnivore bug.. bit my neck; visions of falling off the bone goodness, sauces, and messy fingers! I just had to try out Rollin Smoke Barbecue!   Located behind fashion show mall, near all the "adult" stores.. a little shack... other people drive up ; 3 guys and a girl in another vehicle pull up and order before us in line.. Too bad these male law students can't pay for the girl.. she ordered last.. I was like " Why are they not pitching in for a lady to eat at a BBQ!?"  i guess they are all on "friend status" only.....   Special of the Day: Beef tips, with two sides and a drink for $13.00.. I got the LAST order. the gentleman i ordered from, w/ braids/dreads(dirty blond) was so nice and had the best hospitality.. it was so refreshing.     I want to try some chicken and pig.. so the Half Chicken and Half Spare Ribs was in order...Mention a Check-in on Yelp and they will gladly honor a free dessert.. I asked" What's the best to get?"  the Braided gentleman in his accent.. "the Banana one".. i said "let's go for it!"   At last the food arrived and it easily feeds for 6. but my bf and I could finish these trays of food in two sitting!  wow, THe food here is just so different.. Smoky and not too sweet but the beef tip and ribs had a special zing... not too spicy. i just say .. ZING" is the word and i liked it!We chowed down.. even the loaded potato salad and chipotle Cole slaw was a nice accompaniment to the hearty meat. Dessert! ohh my goodness real ripe banana and the pudding with the vanilla wafers and spray of whipped cream! i want one right now ! soo indulgent that i almost had a big "O" ..no i didn't but it made me think .. How much time did they really make this banana goodness in a cup?. was it just jello instant banana pudding and i'm just having a taste bud trip? So... is it worth going to the Rollin? Yes! Go.and make sure to utilize the roll of paper towels on the table and don't get upset that your clothes smell like a Smoky BBQ plate!
4	Purpose of visit: looking for an early lunch after a heavy night of drinking. We received a great recommendation from a family visiting from Hawaii. They had already eaten there twice going there right when they open at 10am. We decided to check it out since they raved about the place. We ordered the sandwich platter and some ribs. Owner made an exception and gave us 1/2 brisket and 1/2 pulled pork. Homemeade BBQ sauce was sweet and tangy, the brisket was moist and very tender. Tasted great with some coleslaw on a pun. Pulled pork was a little dry but tasted fine. The ribs melted off the bone and were extremely flavorful. Perfect place to get some local food at a very good price. Owner was very nice and made sure our experience was good. Definitely a repeat place.
4	Lets start with the food. Holy god, it's good. Damn good. The sides are generous and filling, the pulled pork is very satisfying. The hot links are cut and oozing flavor. You get a free dessert if you use yelp too so that's a plus. I also ordered the outlaw burger and was warned it takes about 15 minutes to make. I was okay with that until 35 minutes later it still had not come. The burger was amazing and I had only ordered a 1/2 pound of pulled pork and received well over a pound (I assume it was for the wait)  I ordered for two people and my name was the same as another patron so I'm assuming there was some confusion there. Which brings me to the only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5. The ordering and service wasn't great, but It wasn't bad either and the food more than made up for it.
5	Rollin' Smoke has been getting a lot of online press the past few months and I finally got a chance to try them out. The raves are correct. The place is amazing. It is by far the best barbecue in Vegas and some of the best I've had anywhere.When you pull up into the parking lot, you can see the smokers outside. When you walk in, the smell of barbecue is in the air. The place is inviting and the staff (and owners) are very nice and genuinely proud of their food.I got the trio platter for $13.99 which includes three meats, a side, and a fountain drink. I chose pork spare ribs (ribs+tips attached), beef brisket, and pulled pork, with mac&cheese as my side. You get two spare ribs as an item in the trio. Other choices were 1/4 chicken or links. It's quite a deal!The pork spare ribs are amazing. Meaty, well-seasoned, great smoke ring, and the flavor was unbelievable. The brisket was quite good and the pulled pork was tender and flavorful. I wish I would have eaten the brisket and pulled pork before the spare ribs though, because the more delicate flavor of those meats was overtaken by the taste of the ribs.Midway through my meal, I heard someone order a beef rib. I LOVE beef ribs and it's very rare that a barbecue place serves them. So I had to get that too. $6.99 for a rib, but completely worth it. It is intensely beefy in flavor and gets more and more juicy as you eat it. Sort of tough on the outside, but near the bone it was beyond anything I could have hoped for.I was so impressed that I was texting my friends all through my meal. I ended up ordering almost $100 of barbecue to take back to my friends. It has been a week now, but my phone still smells like barbecue. One of my friends ordered some smoked hot links, so I got to try that as well and they are really good. I usually scoff at ordering links at a barbecue place, but these were special.All told, I tried every meat on their menu except for the chicken and the smoked meat loaf. The pork spare ribs take home the ribbon, but everything else was not far behind. My friend's beef ribs did look much smaller than the one I got and he said it was dry all the way through, so ask for a big hefty one to make sure it's tender.For side dishes, I would not recommend the mac&cheese. It wasn't that good. Other tables had jalapeno cole slaw, bacon potato salad, fried okra, and hush puppies. All those seemed to be well-liked.The barbecue sauce is made in-house and is very good. It might be very slightly too sweet for my liking, but I order my barbecue with sauce on the side anyway, so I didn't mind much. They also make a spicy barbecue sauce which you can request.Oh, they also have a buffet option. For $25, you get unlimited everything on their menu. If you like beef ribs, two beef ribs are $15. Eating four beef ribs and a side already puts you ahead.
5	I visited from California and heard about this place from my Chase Credit Card dining rewards program.  I am glad that I found it because it was delicious!  Being raised and born in Texas, I consider myself somewhat of an expert on BBQ and these folks got it right.  I talked to the staff (Lee) as I normally do when I visit a new BBQ joint to find out what style of BBQ they serve and how passionate they are about their food.  The passion is the proof when you bite into thier great food.  I sampled some of the ribs while I waited on my Outlaw Burger to be ready.  The ribs were perfect and the Outlaw Burger is noteworthy.  Keep up the good work.  The restaurant is also big military supporters, so that is a plus since I am in the USMC.It was finger licking good!
2	I don't know what happened but I had a totally different experience at Rollin Smoke then everyone else seems to have had.  We ordered rib tips, links, mac n cheese, mashed potatoes, potato salad, coleslaw, peach cobbler and caramel cake all to go.  It took over 45 min for our order to be ready.  I would think the sides and desserts are already prepared and just need to scooped in a container.  So the wait was for links and rib tips?  The smokers were not on when we were there so we weren't waiting for meat.  Customer service could have been friendlier.  They customer in front of me asked what sides they had and the guy taking orders just hit the menu where the sides were listed.  I wanted a link and sides but was told I had to get the hotlink sandwich.  I asked "So I can't just get a link?"  He said no not really.  When I pressed the issue he said I can get a 2 item combo and just get all hotlink.  I ordered that but why not just sell a link for $3 or $4 bucks?  After 40 min of waiting and seeing people order after me get their food I asked how long it would be and was told very gruffly that they are "very busy".  They were busy but I ordered before the lunch rush started.  I was also sitting in the booth next to the register so I could hear the orders and knew who was picking up phone orders, etc.  Also during the 45 min I waited at least 5 people told him the coke was out.  It was still out when I left.  Ok.  On to the most important part the food.  Cause really, I will wait for hours and put up with bad service for some awesome BBQ.  Sweet Tea- Not good.  I actually switched to soda and I rarely drink soda.  Rib tips- Hubby thought they were ok.  I'm not a big beef rib person but thought they were ok also.  `Links- No way that was 2 portions of links from my 2 meat combo.  It wasn't even 1 small link total.  But that is ok since they were so dried out it looked like they were days old.  I have never seen meat that dry in my entire life.  I'm being generous to say they looked like they were sliced the day before and left in the warmer overnight.  Mac n cheese- very bland, noodles overcooked, could have used salt or real cheese.  Mashed Potatoes-  Instant.  Yes they use instant potatoes.  All the other stuff there is good.  If they would use real potatoes it would probably be amazing.  Potato Salad- This was the best out of all the sides.  It was ok but wouldn't order it again.  Coleslaw- Ok.  Peach cobbler- Cold.  Who serves cold peach cobbler?  Again ok.  Not great.  Caramel Cake- Yellow cake topped with caramel syrup, like the kind you buy for sundaes.  This was actually not bad.  I might even try it at home.  All the sides seemed just a little spice away from being good.  Maybe I went on an off day.  I don't know.  After reading everyone's reviews I was so excited to come here and had high hopes for what I thought was going be my new favorite BBQ place.  I was heartbroken at how bad it was.  At some point I will try again cause these 5 stars reviews have to mean something.  But I'm gonna need my yelpers to go with me cause hubby isn't having it.
5	When in Vegas, I always come here from now on. These guys know how to do BBQ like it's nobody's business! It's some of the best food you will eat in all of Vegas and at 1/3 of the price of even fast food on the strip. $10 fills me up and i'm a big dude. Super nice people too. Off the strip and worth it!!!
4	I stopped here on my way home from work, after several coworkers RECOMMENDED I TRY IT.. I got the sandwich platter. You get 2 lbs of meat either one meat or two. I ordered the brisket and the pulled pork. Meal also comes with 2 sides and enough rolls for 4 sandwiches. We ordered the kickin beans and the Mac-n-Cheese. The brisket was not what I expected it was chopped very fine which is good I guess for sandwiches. ( I hope it is not that way in a meal). Pulled pork was excellent and the sauce was good with just right amount of spice. The Beans were a bit too peppery for my tastes but some may enjoy it. Mac-n-Cheese was marginal but not crazy good also heavy use of pepper. Great filling meal, great taste overall. Will go back to try more menu items.
4	Rough looking neighborhood, odd order taking arrangement, side order mix-ups but tasty BBQ, "homey" hospitality and lower prices makes this a real find. Far from classy but some of the best ribs, chicken, fried okra and kick'in beans a person can eat!
2	We ate here after reading all of the great reviews from Yelp. Usually I like 95% of the places with high ratings but this falls in the 5% NOT.  We ate inside (MISTAKE) and ended up smelling like smoke so bad that we had to shower and wash our hair TWICE to get the smell out.  The owner was incredibly kind and he alone deserves 4 stars but this review is based on the food. The meat wasn't as tender as I prefer my ribs and the sides were bland. I wouldn't go back and probably wouldn't recommend it either.  The restaurant is very dim so it was hard to see our food but the taste is what's more important.  Overall, I've had much better.
5	You absolutely have to get the beef ribs. They are unbelievable. This is, by a wide margin, the best bbq joint in Las Vegas. Sides are amazing but it's all about the meat. Spare ribs, beef ribs, baby back ribs. All unreal. The beef ribs are so tender you can just pull off delicious pieces with your fingers. Get em!
5	This is the rare restaurant that lived up to the hype.  As many note, Rollin' Smoke is not in the best area.  But, there is a decent amount of parking close to the restaurant.  There are also plenty of places to sit, including tables outside.  But, since I came during the Las Vegas summer, there was no way I was sitting outside.I was having trouble deciding between the Outlaw Burger and the 2 meat duo with pork and brisket.  The guy that was helping me suggested the meatloaf, which is made up of both brisket and pork and smoked.  It comes with potatoes on the bottom and BBQ sauce and fried onions on the top with pickle slices and a roll on the side.  I added fried okra, because if a place has fried okra I have to try it.I was glad I took this guy's suggestion.  The slab is ENORMOUS, it easily fed me for dinner as well, and I'm a big eater.  The smoke in the meatloaf was incredible, very impressive.  I could have used more fried onions, but what dish couldn't?  I'll order more next time I eat here.  When you had a bite with the sauce and the onions, it was the perfect blend of crunch, meat and a bit of spice.The okra was very good, but not the best I've had.  Service was fantastic, it took a bit to get my food, but they are super popular and making your food when you order.  So, it's worth waiting a few minutes.  Highly recommended, and the leftovers did great that evening with a second heating...
4	Nice place.  Friendly.  Made me feel at home and seems to be family oriented.  I ordered the AYCE!  Big mistake,not because it was not delicious, but because it was way too much food.  I started with beef rib, pork ribs, hotlink, mac n cheese,greens, and somehow they threw a piece of fried catfish on my plate too.  Everything was awesome, especially the beef rib, very meaty and smokey.The only problem was that the link was not very hot both in heat and spice. I also had the fried shrimp and hushpuppies (I asked them to half the normal order for me cuz I was so full,  they said no problem)I finished with sweet potato pie and carmel cake. ohhh and i even asked them for a glass of milk to wash it down.  Not bad, not bad all!
2	Not good for me . Did the all you can eat offer for 24.99. Every one of he style of ribs were dry . The downfall is the tomato flavor the rub/sauce has... Only great item is the fried shrimp. Service was also very friendly, but not even close to good BBQ for me.
3	Good barbecue in an unexpected place.
5	This is a proclamation and one that is long overdue:  after living in Las Vegas for 10 years I can now happily endorse a real-deal BBQ joint:  ROLLIN SMOKE BARBECUE!!!  As you may already know about me, I am a first-rate barbecue snob ...the kind of guy who is first to correct anybody who confuses grilling with barbecuing.  That is not a concern here.  We're talking about brisket and pork that is smoked for 18 hours -- baby back, pork *and* beef ribs -- wickedly good sides (like jalapeno coleslaw and corn nuggets) -- even some unique sandwiches.  It's in an odd part of town, off of Highland and under the Desert Inn overpass (yes, surrounded by strip clubs & warehouses) but somehow the location just seems to work.  Make no mistake:  this is the absolute best barbecue that you will find in Las Vegas.  Period.  If you like legit barbecue then you need to judge this place for yourself.   You're welcome.
5	Best BBQ in town and for quite some distance. The staff is great and very concerned that you enjoy your meal. It is a real BBQ joint so be aware of that if you plan on dining inside. The meat is very tender and full of flavor. Their homemade BBQ sauce is possibly laced with crack! It's very addictive. Tender ribs, flavorful pork and brisket, a must try if you want true smoked BBQ.The smokers outside are worth the experience checking out. There aren't places like this in town that give you the true home cooked feel. This is one of them.
4	First time here today for lunch and was thrilled to smell the smoke when we got out of our car heading into the restaurant. I ordered the trio with pulled pork,brisket, and chicken with sides of potato salad and Mac and cheese. Hubby had the pit master plate with the same meats but also had ribs. He ordered the coleslaw and hush puppies.  We both agreed the pork was our favorite. Very tender and a little fatty but that just enhances the flavor. My favorite side was the potato salad. Creamy and flecked with bits of bacon and green onion. Very tasty. Coleslaw was good too. Hushpuppies were very good also with bits of onion inside. The corn bread was sweet and super delicious!The service was fast and our cashier/food server was friendly.  Will go back and try the baby back ribs next time.
4	This place is a little off the beaten path, but it's always the hidden gems that deliver the most delicious dishes. There were so many choices on the menu, my head was spinning. So my husband and I decided to go with the pit special so we could try as many meats and sides as possible. I'm just going to say you can't go wrong with any of the BBQ fare. The ribs, brisket, pulled pork, hot links- all amazing! The hot links were nice and spicy and all the other meat was super tender and delectable. The beans were a great side- thick and chunky with big pieces of pork mixed throughout. Yum yum. The potato salad had crispy pieces of bacon on top which launched it into a new level of awesome-ness. The fried okra was perfectly breaded and fried. No extra salt required. The mac and cheese just seemed like a dud next to all the other sides, so I'd skip that one if possible.As for the dessert- the peach cobbler was too much peach and not enough cobbler. You could tell that they used a canned peach to make it and it was just not doing it for me. The peach cobbler wasn't the best, but maybe i'll try the banana pudding next time.
5	There are restaurants that I give 5 stars to due to a combination of the food, ambience and service. Well Rollin Smoke certainly (as I am sure they will admit) not win it on the ambience, they place is situated in a small strip mall in an industrial area, it's not that hard to find, just stick your nose out of the window, but it does take a little bit of looking.So why does Rollin Smoke deserve 5 stars, simply, the food, I am a BBQ nut, I have been lucky enough to travel to some of the best BBQ places in the world and simply put, Rollin Smoke is right up there, it's certainly in the Top 3 BBQ places I have eaten.To the food :Brisket, amazing, simply amazing, tender, tasty and oh so good.Baby back ribs, again, tender, full of flavor and a heck of a lot of meat on the bones.Spare Ribs, ........Ok, let's stop there for a second, here is the truth, just about anyone can cook baby back ribs and have them come out half way decent, cooking spare ribs, that's a whole different ball game, with that said...How does a place make it's spare ribs taste even better than it's baby back, as tender as it's baby back and damn there is a lot of meat on those ribs.The sides....Unlike a couple of posters here, the sides to me were ok, with one exception.Waffle cut fries, they were good but a little plain.Baked beans, they were ok, but I am really finicky when it comes to BBQ beans, these were just a little plain for my tastes.The bread roll, good, but again I like mine warm and this was not, a little disclaimer, I kinda ignored the roll for a while, so it could have been warm when it came out, I tried the brisket first, one forkfull of it and it kinda turned into a scene from Jurassic park :-)The potato salad.... I hate potato slad, hate is a strong word, but it is the correct word, give me choice between eating potato salad and say, losing a toe, well I guess I get to save some cash buying smaller shoes...And yeah you guessed it, the wife tried their's and said I had to try it, a small sample was quickly followed by a much larger sample, it is that good.So anyways, along with Fat Choy and Mount Everest, this is my favorite place to eat in Vegas.
5	Amazing bbq. Was extremely surprised to find a nice bbq place in Vegas so close to home. The ribs and macaroni and cheese are to die for. Highly recommend this place between the good food and the people who run it are very friendly.
5	I'm so glad I finally gave Rollin Smoke a try and that I didn't go here by myself as I would've driven away. The location isn't that great. It's close to a strip club, adult stores, etc. Tits and BBQ - this is a man's restaurant. The BBQ aroma fills the air inside the restaurant and sticks to your hair and clothes (had to shampoo my hair twice).The food was amazing!  I'm not the biggest fan of ribs so, for me to like this place is a major deal. We had a meat Trio: brisket, pork and ribs with waffle fries and Mac n cheese. I liked everything we got. The meats were tender, juicy and smokey. I poured some house BBQ sauce on the meats for more flavor. The waffle fries were very crispy and I wanted to order more. The Mac n cheese has a smokey taste to it as well but was runny...still damn good though. The chicken sandwich and a black berry cobbler were ok.This is not a fast-food restaurant so, expect to wait about 20 minutes or more to get your food. It's worth the wait.
4	The only TRUE BBQ available in Las Vegas. I have eaten BBQ (true, smoked BBQ) all over TX and Kansas City and have tried all kinds of places here in LV but this IS legit!! Excellent dry rub and smoked to perfection. The brisket and baby backs are my favorite. The baby backs are melty tender in the middle and nice and jerky like on the ends.  The brisket is comparable to Rudy's and Blacks BBQ in TX - some of the best I've had. SUPER nice folks and a family run business. Location kinda sucks but it just adds to the true BBQ ambiance. (Ha Ha!)
5	All I can say is BRISKET. It was so delicious and tender. The hush puppies were a great surprise...they were little jalapeno  and cornbread bites of heaven. The chicken was also pretty damn delicious. My mom had the potatoes salad and she pretty much scraped the cup clean...so I'm sure she loved it. And last but not least, we experienced some of the best customer service I've every encountered in Vegas. Rusty, the Pit Master, and the rest of the good folks here were super hospitable. They made us feel right at home. Definitely coming back
4	Great off the beaten path place. Clean restaurant, awesome BBQ. The pictures say it all.
2	So I had this when I just visited back to Vegas. Tried the Baby Back Ribs and the Mac and Cheese. I didn't love it. It was o.k. I really enjoy TC's RIB Crib more.  Nice place inside and friendly staff.
4	very good bbq.  when you walk in you can smell the smokey flavor.  wide variety on the menu at a reasonable price all entrees include a side and a drink.  i had the rib plate with 3 baby backs 2 spares and 1 beef rib with the mac and cheese.  i was very hungry when i walked in and couldn`t finish it the beef rib was hugh and tender mac and cheese was good.  my friend had the pit master special 4 meats 3 sides brisket was a little dry but still tasty we left very full and happy.  i will return!!!
5	I've had Arthur Bryant's bbq in KC, I've had LC's bbq (also in KC near the stadiums), I've had Sonny's BBQ (a chain pit-bbq in the SE US), I've had Brad's BBQ in Alabama, I've had Abe's BBQ in Clarksdale, MS at the Crossroads.  And now I've had Rollin Smoke BBQ in Vegas, and it compares with Arthur Bryant.  It is excellent bbq and I will visit again!  I've had their meatloaf (amazing--made with brisket) and the brisket.
4	I see a ton of 5 stars for Rollin Smoke and I can understand why.  I'd give 4.5 for the family atmosphere and the food.  The brisket was extremely well done and the pulled pork tasted amazing, unfortunately the ribs were a little on the dry side but the sauce they have made up for it.When we visited here this weekend the owner's mom was there and she was such a sweat heart.  I almost feel bad giving 4 stars just because of her.  The place itself isn't much to look at and the location is definitely off the beaten path.  Rollin Smoke is at least worth a trip to give it a try, personally I don't "crave" BBQ all that often and usually Famous Dave's or Lucille's will do the job if I do.  Overall tho, good food, worth a trip to try once, but don't think I'll go out of my way to try again.
4	This is the best BBQ I've ever had in Vegas and the food is a solid 5!   The 4 is actually a 4.5 (unfortunately Yelp doesn't offer that option) because I rate my dining experience on food, atmosphere and service. My few niggles to follow later.If anyone is hesitant about the area,  don't be.  You can smell the smoky goodness down the block and it will draw you in like the crack den of BBQ that it is.This is a family run hole in the wall and the plastic cutlery atmosphere suits it.  We sat in the mural covered back room, our first hint that the owners hailed from Arkansas.  We didn't even know that Arkansas "did" BBQ, my who knew concerning that state began and ended with the now Vegan Bill Clinton; little did I suspect that I would be in for a presidential Q.We arrived around 3:00, as they close at 8:30 PM Monday-Thursday and made our way to the back room before we placed our order at the podium in the front room.  And here comes a niggle-most of the tables were not wiped down and nor would they be for some time after we arrived.  I don't mind lolling around in my own juicy, fat and Q juice runoff, but I'm not a fan of cleaning up someone else's.  Niggle two was a less than pristine bathroom.  I'm hoping that all this was due to the time of day, more than a recurrent daylong drawback.We both ordered the $24.95 all you can eat, so we could sample a greater number of things and graze off of each other's plates.  We placed our order with John (one of the owners) I was trying to gauge the amount of food that we would be getting and he thought my beef rib order would be a bit too much, but I let him know I was a good little eater.  I may be short, but I do have some amazing chow down capacity.We then prepared ourselves for a leisurely wait, eagerly sniffing in the smoke fumes.  There were only two diners in our room, and one of them decided to share his phone Gangsta Rap at mega-volume, I stopped sniffing at the air and unleashed a very annoyed and loud "REALLY!?!?!" but it wasn't until his food arrived (fortunately quickly) that this rude dipshit lowered his personal jukebox.Then our meal arrived and the gluttonous food orgy began.  For sides we had the corn bread, fried onion straws, greens, corn nuggets-all contenders for a pure outstanding deliciousness award, some tasty curly fries and a ok roll.  For meats we had pulled pork, hot links, beef ribs, pork ribs, rib tips-all perfectly smoked and overwhelmingly delectable.  The chicken and brisket were good and the sauce was nicely spiced not too sweet. We ate till it hurt; leaving the final stretch of mass stomach expansion for dessert, a tasty berry cobbler and banana pudding.Halfway through my cobbler I hit my max and gave up.  If we could have lolled around and napped we might have been able to finish, or explode.  I stopped short of saving a well picked bone to save and use as a Pebbles Flintstone hair clip just so I could savor that smoky goodness for the rest of the day.Big kudos to John and his family for taking the chance on this business.  We loved their attentive service, hospitality.  We will be back once we recover from the meat sweats and BBQ hangover!
4	I love when Yelp steers me in the right direction. I am not a BBQ connoisseur or really even a BBQ fan, but I had family in town and we wanted to try some place new. It was a little difficult to find, but I had driven by Rollin Smoke while I was in the area on a previous occasion so knew generally where it was located. We had initially attempted to go to Peppermill, but the wait was longer than we were willing to eat, so I made the executive decision to try Rollin Smoke. It's in a pretty inconspicuous location, so keep your eyes peeled. The restaurant was much larger and nicer looking than I had expected. Roomy, with plenty of seating, even booths which I always prefer, and very clean. You order at the podium and they bring your food out to you. Since there was a free dessert with Yelp check-in offer, I took advantage of this and ordered the pulled piggy sandwich with jalapeno coleslaw and peach cobbler. Our food came out quickly and everything smelled and tasted great! The meat was pretty good. I'm no expert, but I enjoyed my pulled pork quite a bit. The coleslaw was spicy and tasted pretty good. The cobbler was great too, but I would ask for no whipped cream next time. My family all love their meals as well. Some of the sides were hit or miss, but some of our favorites were the corn nuggets and coleslaw. The mac n cheese was ok, but I'd have to order it again to see if I like it better next time. Their menu is quite extensive and they have so many great options that I look forward to exploring on our next visit. Overall, the experience was great and if they were in a more convenient location I could see myself coming here much more often. They have an all you can eat option for $25. I don't think I could handle it, but it seems like a pretty good deal. They also have family packs available for large parties, which is great.
5	Thanks to other reviewers for this recommendation - this place was definitely worth the side trip. Everything we had was great - even the seafood platter I had, which had a nice gritty corn-meal coating, and was not greasy at all. The corn bread, hush puppies, and fried okra were all as good as I've had, and I'd definitely recommend them. Especially the okra, as many places ruin this dish. Very friendly owner from Arkansas made us feel welcome. The free refills on the drinks were welcome, as some of the sauces were pretty spicy. The only bad part was that the neighborhood was pretty unseemly, even for Vegas. We ate out at the picnic bench, and let's just say the sights were pretty interesting. But a very authentic restaurant with excellent, inexpensive food.
5	I had to go there after all the talk on here.The location is in a umm kinda shady part of town but I went there for the BBQ.Its a true  BBQ joint. Plastic forks and knives, Styrofoam and paper plates.The smell of smoke was pretty amazing. I was floating in like this place was the pied piper.The menu is pretty simple like it should be. The owner was taking the food order. Its kind of different. You pay first and wait for a runner to bring out your food. The owners are very nice people and really care about their food.I ordered The Biggin, its a sandwich with pork, brisket, and hot links and it was friggin delicious. There's no easy way to eat this monster. You have to dig in and understand things are gonna get messy.One boy ordered the catfish po boy. Yes its not BBQ but he loved it and they did make it perfect.Another ordered the Brisket Dog. I didn't know it was on a sesame seed bun which he was allergic to. They made it over at no charge and put it on a hamburger bun. The sandwich was as big as his head! I was entertained just watching him trying to eat this behemoth! Its a good thing they have rolls of paper towels on the tables because this kid needed a whole roll. He loved it too. I will definitely be back again!oh and guys, if you sneak there without your wife or GF, you will be caught because you walk out of this place smelling like smoke!
5	I LOVE this place!!!  My first foray into the world of meat could not have been better!!  After 20 years of a plant based diet I decided that I wanted to eat bbq'd meat.  I blame pregnancy and the Pit Masters tv show.  My husband says I must have been lacking some vital nutrient... in anycase he took me to Rollin' Smoke Barbeque.  We ordered beef brisket and ribs.  Even my 4 year old who generally hates to eat anything but sweets was excited about our meal.  The guy working the counter was really sweet and when he heard my story brought out an assortment from the back to try... Hot Links, Pulled Pork and bbq'd chicken.  I think I'm a changed person...
4	Being from Texas, this city is seriously lacking good BBQ places, until now. Weird location but the inside was nice looking and comfortable. Everything was solid and I have my eye on the All you can eat option for next time. Do I dare?
5	Best BBQ I've had in Las Vegas. I got the rib platter which was about $17.99. It was delicious and the meat just fell of the bone. Service was great and cashiers were nice and courteous. I would highly recommend this place to any meat or BBQ lovers.
4	They have all you can eat for 25 bucks. Its a good deal if you can eat a lot. My favorite meat was tue brisket and beef ribs.
5	The best BBQ that I have ever tasted and I love me some BBQ!  Our family travels a lot and I try to sample BBQ where ever we go and this was hands down the best so far.  I come to Las Vegas a few times a year because my friends and I drag race so this will definitely be on my list of food places that I must eat at before going back home to Los Angeles, CA.
5	Sweet. Fancy. Moses.This place is amazing. I normally don't have a huge craving for BBQ, but maybe that's just because this town isn't especially known for it's fantastic BBQ. Rollin Smoke definitely changed that part of me. Since I first went there (about 3 weeks ago) I've been back 2 more times with a bunch of different people based on craving for that sweet magical BBQ they serve up. I feel like the more I eat there, the more wizard-like powers I will gain via BBQ sauce. Maybe I'm confusing that with my constant yearning for naps.It is insanely delicious BBQ. Everything I've had there has been phenomenal. The pork, the chicken, and the burger...which I was unaware was insanely massive. I would recommend having the rest of your day planned for napping if you choose to eat the Outlaw Burger. It is tasty, but it is freaking enormous. It's got to weight a pound in your hands...It's a challenge to eat, but it's so good.The sides are really great too. I keep trying new ones every time I go because they have a pretty significant list of options, so it's nice to switch it up and not be disappointed ever.I really loved this place, and I really like the location. I know it's not the most convenient place on the planet, but getting there is easy, and it's kind of buried. Like a little local treasure. Places like these keep me exploring this city for more delicious dishes.If I had any complaints about this place the only one would be that it can leave you smelling very smokey after you leave for quite some time. Not the worst problem if you're trying to get eaten by bears who like tasty things, but if you're going to a meeting with a new client or something immediately after, I might consider going in with a 'BBQ outfit' if that's even a thing.It's tasty. Go eat it.
5	Great AUTHENTIC BBQ. Reminds us of what we would get while living in La. We look forward to coming back to this place!
5	by far the best bbq place in vegas!love their trio sliders! brisket and hot links are the bomb! + their potato salad!staff and crew are very friendly and nice! good service! good food!
5	This is a must-go, must-eat, must-try bbq spot in Vegas.If your'e visiting vegas, it's worth a short 4-5 minute drive from Fashion show mall to taste some of the best bbq i have ever had. We were staying at TI and it was right  across the freeway. This was the first time I tried beef ribs. It was cooked to prefection. It was tender fall off the bone, and paired perfectly with the zesty bbq sauce. My friends ordered the trio bbq, the hotlink sandwich, and the brisket sandwich. No one was speaking, we were all too consumed eating the food lol. Their curly fries were crispy, mac n cheese was cheesy, and their cobbler was fantastic.The service was excellent. Food was brought out to our table. We sat on the outside bench, which was convenient for a party of 8. They checked up on us on several occassion to make sure we were happy with the food. The Chief took his time to come out to ask how we like the food. My boyfirend is a bbq fanatic, he had to go shake the hand of the man who made these fantatic food. They have made  a fan of me. I will definitely go back.
4	I am not a huge fan of fish/sea food. However, I tried there mahi mahi and it was DELICIOUS!!! Definitely will be back ;-)
5	The food was awesome and the service even better. The owner practically held our hands through the ordering process as we had a big group with kids. He kept checking on us every 15 minutes or so too.  This place lives up to its high rating.  I'm from the south and am a tough critic of BBQ, but Rollin' Smoke BBQ is worth the hike off the strip.
5	Barbecue as the gods meant it to be made--that's the only way to describe this place.  This isn't a bbq joint on the main Strip of Vegas.  This is grub you have to hunt for.  Yet I guarantee once you've discovered this place off the map that the tourists have you'll never forget where it is.People have meals they remember.  People have meal they never forget.  But very rarely do people have meals they have to ask themselves if it really happened.  No food should be allowed to taste this good.  They really shouldn't.  Because all it does is make all the other bbq feel bad, feel ashamed for their inferiority and their audacity to put themselves into the same class of eats as Rollin Smoke.  Everything here is excellent--from their ribs to their sides, from the service to their decor.  It's like walking into everybody's idea of the perfect bbq joint and finding out you never have to leave... and that maybe you never should lest it vanish like the magical culinary paradise it really is.
1	We were in Vegas April 2013 and did a random Yelp search for some BBQ.  This place had high marks and they weren't too far off the strip.  I even feel badly about the low rating that I am leaving, because so many others were so good.  But this is our truth...We walked into the place and the smell of smoke was potent and we were really eager to try a little of everything.  We ordered a sampler and because we "checked in" there we got a free dessert.  The meal was a HUGE disappointment!  What a shame.  We have strong roots in the south and this did not do it any justice.  The chicken was flavorless.  The ribs had smokey flavor, but was borderline jerky!  The pulled pork was sub-par.  The sides were also a disaster.  The beans were hard and way too spicy, just underdeveloped flavor.  The mac and cheese was a mushy blob of fake-tasting cheese, just not good!  The bread they served was hard and cold.  I would have paid them extra NOT to bring the so called dessert to the table.  That was the poorest excuse for peach cobbler.  Marie Calender's from the local grocery store would have been way better.  The banana pudding was baby food grade, and gritty, just not right!  Maybe we went at the wrong time of day (dinner time on a Tuesday night)?  Perhaps it would have been better at lunch time or on a Friday/Saturday night?  Maybe, if we're desperate, we might try again on a more popular night?  I think the guys are trying hard, because the service was pretty good and hospitable (hence the 1 star).  For us, the service was the only bright spot.  We left a lot of the food picked over and with our pockets $30 lighter.  The waiter came over to the table with a big smile and said "Ain't it good?"  We just didn't have the heart to break it down for him.  It is terrible when you pay for food and it doesn't meet your expectations and you leave hungry...what a waste of time and money :-(
4	Small Hidden place in the industrial section, but was a good find.I've tried other BBQ places in Las Vegas and Los Angeles and Rollin smoke is up there with the other good ones. I had pulled pork/Brisket which was really tender, juicy and sauce wasn't too overpowering. I looked to my left and saw a monster -  the "Outlaw Burger" which looked like a burger on steroids. IT was stacked high with onion rings and brisket or pork (I forgot) and fat meat patty. You gotta see this. I asked the guys after they ate it and said" its amazing". Good food, good prices, good to eat with friends but kinda limited in spaces but open til like 1AM. I will surely go back...
3	3 stars A-ok. The location kinda creeped me out being in the shady gentlemans club part of town. The ambience was pretty down to earth. and The food was all right. It wasnt the best bbq I have ever had but its far from the worst. The only real complaint I have is that I smelled of smoke after eating. I guess its true to the name rolling smoke. Good but not great.
5	This is, by far, the best BBQ in Las Vegas.Here's why:THE BUSINESS MODEL!!!-great BBQ, including catfish and beef ribs and banana pudding and BBQ nacho fries; choices you don't find at many other BBQ places.-a family of charming characters who treat everyone like they were their best friend.-a menu that overcomes the "combination" curse. What's that, you say? A combination curse is a combination plate that isn't exactly what you want, but you order it anyway, because you have no other choice.At RSB, they overcome this curse because all elements of the BBQ universe are available "a la carte". For example, I didn't want a brain-dead combination with a "carb" side and drink...I wanted nothing but protein. So I ordered, a la carte, a beef rib (gigantic!), a piece of white chicken and a piece of catfish. I dare you to find that "combination" at any other BBQ place in town. It was sensational!Oh and I almost forgot, one of the best burgers in town (next to Fat Choy) aptly named the "Outlaw Burger". You eat The Outlaw Burger, and when you go outside, your car has magically morphed into a tricked-out Harley!!If you're a local, you're crazy to go anywhere else.If you're a visitor, it's half a mile from the strip, just down the road from the Trump Tower.Side note: They should do a reality show at Rollin' Smoke. If Pawn Stars, and Duck Dynasty, can be successful cable shows, a show set at this place can be blindingly, staggeringly successful! Kind of a combination between the Diner shows and the Down-Home shows.More pleasure; more heart.
5	If you like smokey awesomeness then this place is for you.  The best spare ribs I've  had in ages.   The sauce is very tasty with just the right amount of kick.  We had dinner there tonight and it was great.  The owners are very friendly and accommodating.  There is nothing fancy or pretensions about this place -- just solid BBQ at reasonable prices and a quick 15 min walk back to the strip.
5	Oh man I love me some BBQ, I always order me some ribs and this place is pretty damn good. I had to try a bit of everything so I got the basket with chicken, ribs, hot links and brisket with sides of onion strings, Mac n cheese and bacon potato salad. And for dessert, carmel cake! Hands down delicious! Haven't tried anything in comparison within Vegas.
5	This place is amazing. Definitely the best BBQ place in Vegas. It's a little out of the way, but definitely worth making the trip down there. The food is awesome and the staff is really nice too! And the prices are really decent for the portions they serve. The outlaw burger and the beef ribs are a definite must try. I would definitely go there again if I'm ever craving for some good BBQ!
5	We went here on a Friday night late and had a hard time finding the place. It's in a small strip mall, near a bunch of strip clubs and we were a little nervous. Once we got in, we were greeted by one of the owners and we were very pleased. We both ordered the Duo. The brisket was fantastic. Tender, moist and very flavorful. The ribs were fall off the bone good. They definitely take pride in what they serve. The Mac n cheese was great and well. Went perfect with the meal. You order at the counter and they deliver your meal to you. We talked to the young man quite a bit and it sounds like they have had quite a nice little success. This is a hidden gem in Vegas. Not to be missed!!
5	best in vegas
4	I liked this place overall. Hole in the wall but good. The ribs were so so so good. Barbq sauce was good. Mac n chez was my favorite almost taste like powdered cheese. Peach cobbler was OK. Cole slaw and fries were good
5	Just get there and try it. I had the slider trio w/ sausage, pulled pork & rib meat and waffle fries as my side; all of which were soooo tasty. Loved those fries, they had an awesome season on them- not the typical seasoning that places sometimes use - this is a first for me and I loved it all!Get some hush puppies too, they're great. That's all from our table!
3	The food was decent and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  We went there around 9:30 on a Friday night.  The meat was dried out.   I would recommend going earlier when the food is fresh and it would probably live up to the high ratings others left.
5	Awesome food!! The pulled pork sandwich is the best. I also loved their corn nuggets and okra. The baked beans are a little too spicy for my personal taste, but if you like a "kick" in your baked beans, you would enjoy them. The restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside, but it is a great place to eat. I will definitely return when I visit Vegas.
5	The best barbecue I have ever had. The ribs are amazing and the meat falls right off the bone. The service is also amazing the employees are very friendly and helpful.
5	The food is excellent with a huge portion for a great price. Service is great. I'd recommend if your in vegas you should go check it out.
5	Best BBQ I've had in Vegas in more than 30 years here.  Had brisket, chicken and rib tips, with mac& cheese, and yams.  Excellent quality all the way around...the chicken was perfectly cooked...fully done but still moist...the mac & cheese was nice and creamy.  this is definitely my "go to" for "Q.  Oh, and the sauce was really interesting...a little thinner than some sauces, and with a really nice balance of vinegar and sweetness.  Really glad I tried these guys and looking forward to more.
5	Decided last minute to try this place before work, first time and will definitely not be the last! The owner was very welcoming and accommodating. The menu is very diverse with lots of options for everyone. The barbecue sundae with your choice of meat (I chose brisket) was extremely flavorful and had a great balance. The barbecue nacho fries also with your choice of meat was BOMB!! Words cannot describe how delicious it was.Very impressed by this restaurant! Will definitely be back soon!!
5	I was referred here by a friend and wow was I surprised.  Not the place I would expect good simple BBQ.  The brisket was tender and the pulled pork with the jalapeno coleslaw was fantastic.  I will be back.
2	So very sad.  All the great reviews here on Yelp gave me a real desire to check Rollin Smoke out.  I thought I would be in BBQ heaven.  Sadly, my mouth ended up in another place!The joint is cool, the staff are friendly, but the BBQ sadly was dry and way too over spiced.  I mean it was too dang hot.  It was so peppery hot that all you could taste was pepper and more pepper.We had the $35 combo and man it was a lot of food.  Too bad it was all heat on a plate.OK, I get it, some like it hot, but man, who wants to burn out all their mucous membranes to eat some BBQ?  I understand heat, but the heat took away from the taste.  There was no subtly at all, it was just smokey hot and unpleasant.  To me, great BBQ is a balance between just the right amount of heat, smoke and some sweet to offset the heat.  There just wasn't any balance.Besides that, things were dry.  Not dry like cardboard (except for those nasty slider buns), but the meats were dried out, especially the brisket.I wanted to like this place so much.  But sorry, once was more than enough for me.
5	Great and tasty meat! Superb place off the touristic LV strip. The ribs and the Brisket were perfectly cooked. The outlaw burger was huge but had all the flavours it needed. We will for sure visit this place again on our next visit in Sin City :-)
5	This place is just amazing and I love the feel because it's not too big it too small. The food taste great and everything feels like a down home Southern BBQ. They don't hold back on anything, it's like being in a butcher shop.......freaking amazing!!!!
5	Southern BBQ goodness in the middle of the dessert! This tiny restaurant hiding off the strip is a piece of tummy heaven. The taste reminds me of the Deep South. The sauce is spicy and flavorful, the meats are cooked well, and the sides are all good. The only problem is that my stomach isn't big enough to keep eating. Definitely going to stop by again before we leave town.
3	The restaurant is in a very odd industrial area near auto shops, strip clubs and warehouses, and is probably the only one in the area. You walk in to a haphazard restaurant with not much of a front counter, but instead a confusing podium to order at with no one standing there most of the time. The menu is on a wall kind of near this podium, so you better know what you want before you walk over to order. There are a handful of two, four and large top tables between the two awkwardly cramped rooms of this place, sparsely decorated with a few down lights and some reclaimed wood on the walls. You can tell it was thrown together cheaply, but it seems to fit with the homegrown feel of backyard BBQ. The great smell of smoke fills the space the whole time you sit there, and never really fades away while you're there or from your clothes when you leave.The menu features pretty much all the standards you would expect from a BBQ joint, but as I said I was suckered into ordering their Outlaw Burger: brisket, onion, bell pepper, onion strings, red cabbage slaw, lettuce, tomato, cheddar cheese and chipotle aioli. I'm skeptical of any BBQ place that can't get sweet tea right, so I was nervous about this thing given the somewhat flavorless tea I sat with while waiting for my burger to arrive. And what came out was just too big to enjoy; the patty alone is a thick mass of meat that's possibly a bit overcooked just because of its size and how long it has to cook. The bun was far too small and thin to hold up to this mess, even with a decent helping of lettuce at the bottom to create a buffer from any sauce. Probably the best flavor in this whole thing were the onion rings, which tasted far better on their own than in the burger where they got lost in the myriad of flavors. The huge glob of cheese had good flavor, but like most other things in this burger there was just a bit too much of it. As for the aioli, slaw and other items, I couldn't really tell you much because I didn't notice them enough. I think if this were your typical 1/4 or 1/3 pound burger it would probably be pretty good, still a far cry from the best burger in Vegas as they've claimed, but maybe in the upper half. But like my recent complaints about a huge burger in San Diego, this is just too much to properly enjoy.Something extremely puzzling and disappointing for me was the complete lack of fries with my burger. Looking at their menu online now, apparently the $8.99 "smoking deal" for the Outlaw Burger is a deal for just the burger, you have to read the small print at the bottom where it says to add $3 for a side and drink. I wish the guy that took my order would have said something as I spent $2 for just my iced tea expecting the fries that were in the picture with my burger. What burger doesn't get ordered with fries?! I guess maybe one of this size, as I surely wouldn't have been able to finish it if I ate anything else, but fries are almost always a necessity. For $11.88 I certainly got a lot of food, but I don't know if it was worth the cost or stomach bomb. I have a feeling that you should stick to the true BBQ that this place is known for, and not their "best burger". I know I'll be back to test this theory.
4	I thought this place lived up to the hype and enjoyed meeting the owner, Lee and he's a really nice guy. I ordered the all you can eat deal for $25 and tried the pulled pork, brisket, sausage and ribs. For my sides, I had the beans, jalapeno coleslaw and collareds. However, the server had two faux pas by forgetting to bring out the greens and they gaved me St. Louis Ribs instead of baby back ribs so Lee went int he back and brought me out the baby back ribs and a beef rib and it was quite meaty. The ice tea was so so and the sweet tea did not have much sweetness either but guess it's better for my teeth! They had some football on the flat screen TV which is a must in September and the joint is nothing fancy but the bbq is definitely worth the trip and I was starving since I just arrived from the East Coast on an empty palate. I'll definitely make a return trip to this joint when I return in January and love the smoke smell whe you enter the restaurant. This place definitely puts Memphis BBQ to shame!
4	I went here yesterday with my friends for the first time. The menu has such an extensive array of meats, sides, desserts, and even seafood options that we must've stared at it for 5 minutes. I ended up using the Yelp check-in offer after I found out that I can get a dessert with any "sandwich" - including the outstanding Outlaw Burger.I got to nibble on a few of my friends' items while sitting out the 15 min burger wait time. The beef rib was really good. I just might get a slab of those next time. The jalapeno coleslaw was also nice, but maybe a bit spicy for my delicate (read: wimpy) tongue.I've had a few burgers around town, and the Outlaw Burger is definitely up there. It's piled high with all kinds of goodies, including a surprise shrimp or two! They grind up their brisket into it, and while there's no trace of pink inside, it's still surprisingly tender and not dry. I did have some issues with huge chunks of meat falling out of the burger and into my tray, so I wish they would have made a more cohesive patty. Still, it was ridiculously good and something I would order again and again.I probably should have gone the traditional route and picked fries as the side in my combo, but I wanted to try the bacon potato salad. It definitely felt homemade and wasn't as oily as some renditions are. However, I didn't think the cold temperature worked very well with my hot burger, and I imagine all the other meats are hot as well.My visit wasn't a perfect experience. The biggest issue was that they told me they'd bring my peach cobbler out later on and they simply didn't do it. I take a while to enjoy my food, and I still had to walk back to the front podium afterward to remind them. But when I finally did get the cobbler, I was in heaven. It's a heavy, assertive dessert, and the portion is easily worth the $2.50 to tack onto your non-sandwich.My clothes still smell like smoke today. In a very good way. Bring your friends and family, take your cholesterol pills, and hang on for the ride. This BBQ joint definitely lives up to the hype.
5	I had been meaning to try Rollin' Smoke for some time and so my husband and I checked it out recently for lunch. As soon as you pull into the parking lot, you can smell the meat and it makes you drool. We decided to share a pulled pork sandwich and the rib platter special that includes baby back ribs, spare ribs and beef rib. We thought the pulled pork sandwich was ok, but honestly it's an unusual pick for us, we both think they need veggies to lighten the sandwich up. But the rib platter was f'ing amazing. HOLY CRAP. This is some quality meat here folks. The meat isn't dripping in sauce so the flavors of the meat shine through. And holy cow, the beef rib is incredible. I had never tried it before but it is literally fall off the bone delicious. You must check this place out!
5	Allow me to begin with " ummmmmhmmmm, that bbq is so good it will make your shoes fall off!"  Or something like that from my time in the deep south.  I've decided to try one item at a time, starting with pulled pork. I ordered for carry out, and had to stand around until my "table" was up for service.  There does not seem to be a distinguishing of take away orders vs table service, so expect to wait.  The only area in which to do so is a service station and I had to keep moving about.The pulled pork was worth the travel and wait time.  The meat is tender but holds together.  It has an intense smoke flavor and mild flavorful sauce.  I'm thrilled to have ordered 1lb so I can pig out and still have some to share.Go here.
5	Until Rollin Smoke opened up, the barbeque  in Las Vegas was HORRIBLE!The guys at Rollin Smoke know their BARBEQUE !!!  Everything on the menu is fantastic!!  More specifically, the pulled pork, the brisket and the meatloaf.This is the only place in Vegas to get GREAT barbeque; and to make things even better, they are Razorback fans!!If you're in Vegas and you're lookin for some great food; stop by Rollin Smoke!!Woo Pig Soooie!!!!
5	This place is awesome! Delicious BBQ, great prices and very friendly staff. The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get. The all you can eat is the best deal on the menu. I would definitely recommend that people venture off the strip for delicious food.
5	I have been eating at Rollin Smoke since the first day it opened its doors over a year ago. I can say, without a doubt, this is by far the BEST BBQ joint in Las Vegas. Some of my favorites are the spudtastic, brisket BBQ loaded fries, catfish platter, shrimp plate, and watermelon salad! Their signature BBQ sauce is mouthwatering. This place is only getting better as business grows. Family owned true authentic Arkansas BBQ you don't want to miss. An added bonus is the super sexy Arkansas stud muffins that run the place! Check it out!
5	This place has awesome ribs. I got the rib platter with 3 different meats. Beef, pork, n brisket. All were tender n flavorful. For my first time here I was quite satisfied.
5	Best BBQ I've had in Vegas!  The bam bam size beef rib was fall off the bone tender, so tender the lady at the next table was trying to put her beef rib in her to go box and the meat from the rib slipped off the bone into her lap :). The spare ribs and baby back ribs were good, but unfortunately after eating the beef rib first, it just didn't compare.  The BBQ sauce here is the perfect mix of sweet, tangy, and spicy.  And the list of sides makes it hard to decide...unfortunately they were out of fried okra so instead I had a side of corn nuggets, and these things are magical, imagine deep fried cream of corn.  The customer service is great as well, they come around and check on you a few times to make sure you are enjoying the experience.  As I'm writing this review, I'm already planning my next order....perhaps beef rib with beef brisket and I'm determined to have some fried okra next time!
5	Do not pass this by.  I had the three meat combo. The chicken was delicious, the ribs amazing and tender, and the pulled pork was DAM GOOD!!!
5	Amazing food! Incredible service! Stop reading this and go there now, you won't be sorry. Las Vegas did not have Barbeque until Rolling Smoke opened, thank God they are here.Everything about this place is GREAT!  I could go on for paragraphs about the food.  We ordered some of everything,  even the catfish. Brisket - AMAZING (not fatty,  cooked perfect),  Pulled Pork - OUT OF THIS WORLD, Spare Ribs - MOUTH WATERING, Chicken- VERY GOOD (it may have been touch dry but I couldn't tell because I covered it in their delicious sauce), Catfish - one of the best I have had,  light crispy and flavored perfect a  definite surprise for a BBQ joint.  There is basically no dish on the menu that you can go wrong with, even the sides were great.Now about the service:I was worried when we pulled up;  the place is small and there was literally a line out the door (Saturday night dinner).  Remarkably,  the line was so quick we barely waited - I don't know how they did it but it was perfect.  We got amazing personal service and it was quick (figure that one out).  If the food is amazing,  then the service is AMAZING x10!After we placed out order our waiter,  a younger guy with blonde dread lock type hair, delivered it to our table.  The place was packed,  I had been watching the waiter and he never stood still  or stopped moving,  it was BUSY but he took the time to tell us about each dish and came back 3 times to see if we liked everything. Not only did he come by the but the Chef came over to each table to welcome the customers,  tell them about the dishes and make sure they liked everything.  We even had one more guy from the kitchen come over and check on us.  It was amazing service,  you just don't get service like that in Vegas anymore.  You can see everyone obviously loves their job and loves that restaurant - the attitude a made the place fun and enjoyable to a whole different level.  I can't say enough good things about our waiter,  he was 5 star service and just a nice guy- we would probably go back for him alone but the food is the shining star of this place.The only regret I have is that I forgot to buy Barbeque sauce to take home,  good excuse to go back this week :)
1	Decided to go back and give it another try. The food was good the first couple times I was there. I walked in about the same time this other fellow did and we stood there waiting for somebody to take our order. This young man came out brought some food for a table so I know he saw us, place is not that big. He went into the back and never came back out. We stood there for awhile and I left. Never and that's a log time will I return.
4	This is what I've been looking for a good BBQ place that when you walk in you can smell the smoke. You know there not joking here I had the pulled pork sand and yams. The sauce has a nice bite to it and the pork is cooked to perfection, to add they don't kill it with a big piece of bread for the sandwich it's just the right size. Nice and clean and the price is fair
4	Looks dodgy from the outside, but is absolutely amazing. Some of the best ribs I ever had, and really cheap. Perfect meeting place to go to with family and friends, very easy going atmosphere. This definitely was one of the highlights of my stay in Las Vegas!
5	No matter how hard I try, there is no way I can come close to the amazing beef and pork ribs I had here.Amazing smoke, juicy and tender beef with a crispy black crunch bark that can only come from heaven.This is my newest best spot whenever I visit Vegas.No alcohol but you know what? This little dive doesn't need it!
5	We just ate there again, one thing that has to be found in a good restaurant IMHO is consistency, there is no point in having a place that on one night can serve a great meal and the next night it sucks.Well Rollin Smoke keeps delivering fantastic BBQ, end of story, I cannot recommend this place enough.
5	Serious BBQ!! Dusty really knows his stuff!!I ordered the mixed rib platter minus the babies, and instead subbed another beef rib. To round out my meal was the loaded mash and I added some greens. I won't be hungry again until at least this time tomorrow!!Rollin' Smoke's rub compliments the flavor of both the beef and spare ribs nicely. I added a little of their spicy BBQ sauce because I like my BBQ to have a bit of a kick. The spareribs were perfect and the beef ribs were very impressive. Smokey but not overpowering. Dusty came to my table and asked how everything was, and I couldn't compliment him enough. He shared his technique on how he preps the beef ribs. I guess I'll be back, because I certainly don't have that kind of patience!!If you're in Vegas craving BBQ, this is the place to go. The portions are big, the prices extremely fair, and the atmosphere removes you from the strip and puts you in a true BBQ joint that you leave smelling smokey! This is real BBQ and not that over salty crap that Famous guy prepares in several spots around town.
5	Excellent! Can't say enough good stuff about this place. The BBQ sauce is incredible and the Brisket falls apart and is so moist. This is my new favorite place.
4	Definitely love the beef ribs here. The second time I went, the beef rib wasn't as big as the first time I had them, but it was still a hearty rib. The baby backs and spare ribs are both delicious. The spicy BBQ sauce is awesome. This is my go-to spot for BBQ. I'll have to try the outlaw burger sometime, but with ribs this good how can I stop myself from ordering a big rib platter???
1	Not impressed!  I was looking forward to BBQ at its best but maybe I shouldn't have ordered take out!  First of all, out of brisket...7 pm on a Tuesday night...REALLY?!  It is a tiny place and you could've lobbed a grenade and not hit anyone!The fried onion rings were soggy, the spare ribs and baby-back ribs were the fattyest I've ever had, not to mention dry and chewy!  Mac n cheese was like KFCs and berry cobbler was unremarkable.I'll chalk this experience to maybe an off night and give it one more shot.  The sauce was excellent...with just enough heat.
2	little disappointed. couldnt tell pork and brisket apart.. chicken was overcooked. cobbler and potato salad were excellent. would give a second chance
4	**Summary**       - AYCE - They have a $25 AYCE, anything on the menu deal. I'd suggest people doing this so you can try a little of everything.       - Authentic BBQ - Walking in, you can smell this place knows how to BBQ. They have smokers in the back. That's how you know they're the real deal.       - Hole in the Wall - The location is located on Highland Drive. Yep, it's the same seedy highland drive with all the strip joints.**Ordered**       - Pulled Pork - I've had a lot of pulled pork in my day, but nothing as tender and mouth watering as this. It's a must order.       - Brisket - Not like the dry briskets you'll get elsewhere. Their brisket is tender and flavorful.       - Beef Rib, Baby Back - Very meaty. Like I mean, TONS of meat on this bone. However, it's not really fall off the bone.       - Baby Back and Spare Ribs - The flavor of their rub and BBQ sauce is delicious, but the meat wasn't too tender.       - Catfish - Deep fried to perfection, but lacking in spices I'd say.       - Bacon Potato Salad - If you like potato salad, adding sweet sweet bacon to it is a no brainer.       - Corn Bread - Moist and hot out of the oven. You can't go wrong with corn bread.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you like BBQ. The brisket and pulled pork were my favorites.
5	I'm pretty stingy with my 5-star ratings but this place wins all five.  Was craving BBQ this evening and fired up Yelp.  Proximity search brought this place to the top of the list and I headed over.From the outside, the place looks like a real hole in the wall, which it is...this place has soul.  Before you even walk through the doors, the aroma of smoked meats sets forth the salivary glands into full production.I ordered the Trio plate with pulled pork, spare ribs and brisket with a side of hush puppies.  For the money, the volume of food is a very good value.  I managed to eat about 3/4 of the plate and the leftovers easily comprised a separate meal.   The flavor of the meat was delicious and the sauce complemented the meal perfectly.  Even the hush puppies had a nice underlying spice to them that was quite addicting.  Something as simple as properly seasoning hush puppies tells me there is attention to detail here. Good food can get you four stars but its the staff that pushed it to five for me.  They were incredibly friendly and upbeat.  You can tell when a place is well-run by just listening to how they interact with each other.  It was clear that this staff really cares about what they do and have a passion for their craft.Thanks for a great meal!
5	We were in Las Vegas towards the end of Sept.  We were there in May also.  We ate at a lot of the very expensive restaurants.  Rollin Smoke was easily, easily the best meal we had at any price.  It was also the best BBQ any in my family had ever eaten.  And, everyone at the restaurant was friendly and gracious.  If someone offered me a free meal at Wolfgang Puck's Cut (we ate there also) or Rollin Smoke I go to Rollin Smoke.
5	My first 5 star.....hard to find....amazing bbq
3	Went back for my second try.   Better this time, but not great!  The workers are all very nice!Again, I got takeout. Brisket was ALL fat and inedible!!  Beef rib was small, but thick; had good flavor, but the top was too charred and crusty.The pulled pork and dark-meat chicken was wonderful!  I don't usually order hushpuppies, because I think they're dull. I heard there's had a "kick"-I wasn't disappointed with that!The sauce was fabulous!  It is very spicy, which I like.  If you don't like the heat...stay out of this kitchen!  I think they must give the questionable stuff to takeout customers so they don't have to hear you complain.Not sure I'll go back.
5	Excellent BBQ and deserts. The hotlinks have the perfect amount of spice and the brisket has an amazing smoke flavor:-))
5	My first time here and it will not be the last. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal. The brisket sandwich meal was delicious!  I would highly recommend Rollin Smoke Barbeque to everyone.
5	-Reasonable price-Delicious food-Extra friendly staffA couple of friends suggested my fam and I try this place out. Needless to say, we were all very pleased. They had quite a large menu with some pretty excellent deals. The gentleman who took our order was very friendly and was happy to offer recommendations/opinions on certain dishes. We didn't wait very long for our food to be ready. The guy who brought it to our table was personable and excited for us to try it. The dude who took our order came to check on us shortly after to ensure we were happy with our meal and to make small chat (not in the annoying way we've sometimes experienced at other restaurants, he was actually sincere and nice). He told us how he and his fam moved here from the south and we chatted about the show "Grill Masters". The food was great! Definitely better than most I've had in the valley and for a much better price. No complaints AT ALL. As long as this place is around, we are never going to Memphis BBQ again. HAHA.
2	Have been here three times two of the three times my order has been messed up.  Tonight being one of the mess ups in my order I ordered half of slap of spare ribs only got four rids and what I did get was all dried out like eating the bottom of my shoe.  Will go else where next time.
5	I'm pretty sure I been around since the beginning with these guys. If you read my initial review I gave 4 stars but said, "this is a 3.5 star review in hopes it will soon be a 4" Well they went above and beyond and I can officially say Rollin Smoke, you are my favorite BBQ in Vegas! It just so happened that right around the time my mom moved to Arkansas. A family BBQ joint with razorbacks stuff everywhere pops up in my city. BBQ being one of my favorites I've dined here at least 6-8 times. Never having a bad experience, although all weren't 5 stars. This most recent one I had the pleasure of my mom accompanying me. We had a party of 6 and we were treated like gold. We had ribs, pulled pork, brisket sandwiches, and my new favorite the seafood combo with shrimp and catfish. I'm SUPER picky with my catfish and the batter on this one kills it! We were checked on periodically trough out the meal even though they definitely got busy. Also if you've been coming here from the beginning you can really see where they came from. It started out in the parking lot, then the small restaurant, to a full menu, dining room, and painted walls with replicas of the family. I'm hoping to see them expand, they deserve it. Well done, full earned, 5 stars on all aspects! Thanks for coming to Vegas!
4	The other reviews have covered it pretty well. What's really great here is not just wonderful smoked food, but the awesome prices. Get the Pitmaster Special combo, and you'll get 4 meats and 3 sides, with your choice from the 3 breads they make -- all for $20. There is enough food there for 3 adults, or eat some and take some home. Such a deal!  And there is no charge for extra plates. The owners run the place, and are always present. They are very friendly, and love to meet new patrons. We loved the meal and the staff so much, we came here a second time during our week in Las Vegas just to try more foods. We loved everything we tried. If they take a liking to you, they just might tell you about some items in the kitchen that are not on the menu. Ask about the bread pudding and sweet potato pie!What would give it 5 stars?  Esoteric things only. This business has not been in its current location for long. Hopefully they will continue to improve the seating and decor as they go along. Dusty, if you are reading this, Hello from California. We'll be back!
5	I've had bbq all over Vegas and a couple of popular places in St.louis and I can honestly say this place has the best ribs!!I ordered the Duo meats, ribs and brisket with beans. Comes with a roll and drink. The ribs were "fall off the bones" tender! And that smoke flavor permeated the meat. No sauce needed!We were checked on a couple times and at the end the gentleman who brought our food out asked if we did Yelp. We were offered free dessert! I know with the "check in" a free dessert was offered with purchase of a sandwich but none of us ordered sandwiches. Only I took him up on it and got a peach cobbler. Good stuff!Can't wait for our next visit to Vegas!P.S. If there is an influx of customers from Hawaii........it's because of me!!!!
4	Being from Kansas City and having Arthur Bryants and Fiorella's Jacks Stack air shipped to me...I know just a tiny bit about BBQ. And BBQ in Vegas to date has left me seriously disappointed. But down in the gritty area across the railroad tracks from the Deja Vu strip club is this little BBQ joint named Rollin Smoke. From the outside it don't look like much. But step inside my friend...and things change. Just sniff. You'll know what's up. That ain't Sysco artificial smoke in a bottle that you'll get a good whiff of, it's the smell of someone who knows what the heck they're doing back in the back. Decor wise, it ain't all that. There's Arkansaw Razorbacks banners on the walls, lots of TV's showing ESPN, and two different rooms with various sized tables. Placing an order is easy from the menu being posted right outside the door to having another menu at the counter, other than getting stuck behind someone with a $100 order it was fast. Drinks...they have a basic fountain tucked into a small side room that was kinda awkward to get to...and tea. Not sweet tea, not anything special...just tea. I ordered 3 sliders off the lunch menu, 2 brisket, 1 chicken, with a side of beans. If a BBQ place sucks those 3 things plus the tea will tell you more than any of the Top 20 lists and other media crap on the walls ever will. Brisket: Cooked to perfection...but I got a lot of extra fat on one slider that disappointed me texture wise. Thankfully they put a big roll of brown paper towels on the table which made it easy to take care of that problem. And the 2nd brisket slider made me start thinking of KC which is another good sign. The chicken was borderline dry but really good. And the beans...well they are not the beans i love from KC, but there was none left when I was done. Overall: for those who have never been to any of the BBQ capitals of America a trip here will introduce you to the joy of good BBQ. But for those of us with a little more experience in such things, you leave thinking it's good, it's got mad potential to be more... but it's not great. I have to mention one other rule I have about good BBQ...if local law enforcement eats there, it's typically an indicator of a place worth your time. And I saw a LOT of LVMPD non-uniformed people in there. Overall: 4 Stars. I will gladly drive double the distance to skip Memphis Championship BBQ and bring people here. But as good as it is for local fare if I want to have someone try seriously good BBQ, I'll either make it myself or it's going to be air shipped in from Kansas City.
4	Pretty damned good.The old saying is that the best food comes from a "hole in the wall" which fits this place perfectly. The dining area(s) are small, but from what I could tell, most people were carrying their food to go anyway. Oh, and don't expect to find it on the strip... do some exploring and you'll find this place a little out-of-the-way.For a barbecue place, Rollin Smoke has a decent sized menu w/ some more odd options like the baked potato, or giant burgers not usually associated. Their sauce is really good with a nice kick, and spice that adds flavor to anything from ribs to their awesome fries.Try the sides. I love how they add spice by-way-of jalapenos to macaroni, and beans. Is it the best I've had? No, but its close.
4	I ended up here in an entrapment sort of situation that is a long story....but, man was I super glad. I'm from Kentucky(Go, Big Blue!) and I"ve not had barbeque this good since....I lived there. The decor is just kitchy enough to add to the authenticity without being corny. You place your order at the counter and then food is brought to you, so we didn't really have a waiter, but everyone was nice and I wasn't without anything that I needed. If you check in on Yelp you get a free dessert. I got Banana Pudding cause duh...and it did not disappoint.I would give 4 stars but my booth had a hole/gargantuan dip in it so it was kind of like sitting on a porta potty. Get the other booth though and you will be set.
5	Being from North Carolina, my BBQ standards are pretty high (that goes for the fixins that come with it as well). I'm in the military, so I moved out here from NC almost 3 years ago, and in that amount of time I've never found any place that was up to par with what I considered good BBQ. Memphis isn't very good. Famous Dave's is okay. Lucille's is pretty decent, but for the drive to Henderson (and fairly high price), it's just not worth a regular trip. Then I got tip from a new friend (who was also a fellow North Carolinian) about a place that was a little off the beaten path but well worth it... Rollin Smoke Barbecue. So we decided to give it a try. That leads me to this moment, as I sit here with a full belly typing this review. My wife and I both had the pulled pork sandwich. Her sides were Mac & cheese and potato salad, mine were Mac & cheese and hush puppies. All of which were delicious. The meat was tender, the bbq sauce was delicious and had just a little bit of spice to it. All the sides were awesome. And we washed it all down with the only kind of tea that should exist... SWEET. Then to get our sweet tooth fix we shared some banana pudding that was amazing. Even as I stuffed my face I was studying the menu so I could plan my next visit. Rollin Smoke is the real deal. Great barbecue and extremely friendly staff. If you're a local or just passing through and you're looking for an authentic barbecue experience, Rollin Smoke is where it's at!
1	I wanted to like this place, I really did. We ordered one of the combo things for $35 and it was a lot of food! I was stoked to try it but when I found a pubic hair in our Mac and cheese I just couldn't. I didn't have the heart to say anything but it really ruined it. So gross.
4	Had the pulled pork and hotlink. The pork was pretty good, as was the hot link.  Better than most places I have been but not the best.  Rollin Smoke BBQ is of the strip so if you are walking as I was expect about a 20 minute jaunt from the Wynn properties.  Their BBQ sauce is good but I would avoid their beans...
4	Yum, friendly, cheap. low key joint a bit off the strip (need wheels to get there).
5	I WENT HOG WILD!!!!Tim the Chef OMG he cooks the best greens ever. These people are so kind and the place is so clean. I had the best time eating catfish & greens. I did taste my husband's dish he had pull pork. I also took pictures of the food and Chef Tim also posed for my profile picture. I give them ten stars I think this is the best BBQ in Vegas thus far. I will return ASAP.
4	As you enter, the pungent odor of the BBQ smoke greets your nose. Most of the customers seem to be local regulars who come for takeout. A few simple booths and a small dining room, walk up ordering, not fancy in the least but great BBQ. We had the sample platter for 4 plus a rack of St. Louis Ribs, sides of hushpuppies fried okra and greens. The okra was our favorite. The ribs were great, as was the pulled pork. The chicken was good but not outstanding. Give it a try for a totally off the strip authentic experience.
5	Have been there a few times and I will keep coming back. I have tried the ribs, beef brisket, links and they are all great. I love the yams....not to sweet but with a hint of brown sugar and pecans...awesome.It is a hidden treasure...try it you will love it.
4	The barbecue was great but the side dishes need to bigger for Catering, like beans n Mac cheese.
3	This was pretty good barbecue. The service was top notch. I had the all you could eat so I could sample. I had the catfish, ribs, chicken, and shrimp. Sides were Mac and cheese, and beans.Catfish could have used some more seasoning.Rib meat fell off of the bone.Chicken was good, but skin was a little toughShrimp was delicious.I have had better beans. But I was surprised by the Mac and cheese. It was very tasty.
1	I give this place a 0 on a scale of 1-10; 10 being the highest. Worst customer service. This place argued with me and wasn't welcoming at all. Although, the food might have been good enough for its pricing, I surely did not have a good expeirence.
5	I went here on word of mouth, and, I have to say, this place is definitely worth it. I'm from the South (Georgia and Florida) and think this place is really close to my ideal restaurant. I got the pulled pork sandwich and a side of greens. Wasn't to keen on the hoagie roll (mainly because I'm used to pulled pork on hamburger buns), but that's inconsequential due to the fact that the pork was awesome. This is my main method of judging BBQ joints and they passed with flying colors. Added to that, the greens were perfect. If you've been missing collards, mustard, or turnip greens, this is a great combination of all three. Definitely check in first so you can get the dessert. I didn't but the server didn't mind adding the order, which was nice because of the consideration. I got the banana pudding which was good, but I would have liked to have had some bananas in it. Just preference, really, because the overall flavor was inline with what I wanted. Additionally, the service was very courteous and friendly. Overall, it would be really unfortunate to miss this place especially because there are so few good BBQ restaurants in this town. Check it out. This place is worth it.
4	Great food nice clean place! No real BBQ in Vegas and this place is it, let me tell you! Even got a chance to chat with the Owner and the PItmaster! They are both VERY proud of what they do and obviously use the best meats and veggies! FYI get the BBQ meatloaf! Friggin awesome!
4	I haven't written a review in a long time, but I felt compelled to after eating at this place last week.  I came across it on a whim (appointment in the area), and it's one of the best BBQ experiences I've had in recent memory.I chose the two-meat combo, beef brisket and pulled pork (the old favorites).  Waited about 15 minutes for the food during the busy lunch hour (there was a line out the door).  Both choices were tender and delicious.  I also overheard some people talking about the baby back ribs, so I'd like to try that my next visit in.My only complaint (minus a star) is the fact that they don't tell you that they put pickles and green onions as garnish on the plate.  Call me traditional, but I don't like it when vegetables "taint" my meat.  As soon as they touch the rest of the food, the flavor has been compromised.  So, if you're like me (no one is), save yourself some trouble and ask for "no greens."
5	I'm from LA and I'm coming to this place every time I go to Vegas.  This place is awesome.  Try their bake potato "fabulous!"
5	If you love bbq then this is the only spot you need to come! Real wood real smoke, real flavor!
5	I'm a bit picky when it comes to BBQ.  Rollin smoke BBQ definitely is a legit place!  AWESOME food as well as service!  A must now every time I'm in Vegas!
5	Not too fancy on the outside but the food here rocks with flavor! Such a great value for all the southern treats you have been craving. I'm from San Diego and WISH this place were closer so that I could frequent it weekly. Service was A+  and the cook came by to offer us samples of the various cobblers and bread pudding. I thought I had died and gone to heaven!
5	My Dad always said the very best BBQ are always found in a Hole-in-the-wall-joints and that continues to stand true here! This BBQ joint appears to be the perfect example of this and is incredible! The Pit Special provides a perfect meal of four types of meat and three sides, capable of feeding two adults easily (fed me, my wife, and our 7yr old son). The Corn Nuggets are an absolute MUST! For dessert we had the Butterfingers Bread Pudding a-la-mode, and it was a fine finish to an enjoyable meal of BBQ bliss.
5	Of course, they make the best Q in town. They're from Arkansas! We know barbecue! This is the best you can get here and likely anywhere else, too. This is (unlike Memphis) is REALLY competition quality. Freaking amazing and made with love. Honestly, this is homemade that you can buy.
5	So glad we found this place. This will be the new go to joint for sure when we come to vegas. Love the fact that it's off strip. Had the brisket with waffle fries, side of loaded and mac and cheese. Everything was great and not overtop in sauce, flavor or size.
5	This place was awesome! My girlfriend and I just got back from a trip to Texas, where we had our share of BBQ.  I was still in the mood for more when we got back to Vegas, and we found this place on Yelp.  The spudtastic was A MAZ ing!  Loaded with pulled pork (my g/f got brisket on hers and loved it too), shredded cheddar, sour cream and onions.  I actually ordered the $24.99 all-you-can-eat.  I couldn't believe it at first, but it really was as much of anything on the menu as you can eat, as long as you eat what you order.  Awesome deal!  My only regret - not going with a bigger appetite because I was too full to try the desserts.  We'll definitely be going back for more baby ribs, more potato salad, more spuds and dessert...OH, and the meatloaf was great (and I'm not a meatloaf person)!  Thanks to the guys at Rollin Smoke!
4	this place was defenately worth the off the strip ride.
5	Went back for my second try.   Better this time, but not great!  The workers are all very nice!Again, I got takeout. Brisket was ALL fat and inedible!!  Beef rib was small, but thick; had good flavor, but the top was too charred and crusty.The pulled pork and dark-meat chicken was wonderful!  I don't usually order hushpuppies, because I think they're dull. I heard there's had a "kick"-I wasn't disappointed with that!The sauce was fabulous!  It is very spicy, which I like.  If you don't like the heat...stay out of this kitchen!  I think they must give the questionable stuff to takeout customers so they don't have to hear you complain.Not sure I'll go back.OK, SO I'VE BEEN BACK A FEW TIMES SINCE THE LAST REVIEW...THE TRICK IS GPING IN AND ORDERING AT THE PODIUM. Whether eating there or taking to go.  You order and pay first, I leave a generous tip, and get the best BBQ ever since!
3	So I decided to quit my job, and as a "victory" lap, I came directly to Rollin Smoke to get my mind off my troubles.  I asked for the trio meal, with brisket, pork and baby back ribs, but they refused me.  They said they could add the baby backs to the duo meal for an extra $6.  Not wanting to get off the "high" of quitting my job, I relented.This time I asked for no greens and they obliged.  When the meal came, the food was cold. (It was about 7:30pm; they close at 8:30.)  I tried not to let it get me down.  The $6 baby backs amounted to exactly two (2) bones.  And I'm not even quite sure I got the baby backs, because they were meaty and chewy (and cold), resembling St. Louis ribs (which I could have gotten at a discount).  Anyway, that's not my biggest complaint.  This time, for some reason, I found the BBQ sauce to be very spicy.  I don't recall it being spicy the first time around (otherwise, I would have marked it down).  So for those of you keeping count -- I recommend the brisket and the pork but NOT the "baby back ribs" -- and also, come here during lunch, when the food is presumably fresher and hotter.  Aside from that, I think I'm done here.  Not that I can afford to eat anymore, now that I'm an unemployed bum.Merry Christmas.  I'm going to kill myself.
5	Rolling Smoke is easily the best BBQ in Vegas! The "Biggin - Dad's Favorite" is the best BBQ sandwich I have ever had. Layers of flavor with hot link, then pulled pork, and then topped with amazing brisket. I slather on the homemade BBQ for an otherworldly eating experience. Get the baked beans, fried okra, and cornnugget sides for that authentic southern BBQ experience. The family begs me to take them back almost every night - this place is worth the effort to find. AWESOME!
5	From a southern bbq cook who makes a lot of it, this is some of the best i've had outside of dixie.These two brothers& their crew have got it goin on- cooked over real wood not in a oven. If you want the real deal go by & see these boys , you will be happy.
5	Not sure how I have not reviewed Rollin as I 've been here at least 5-6 times.   On my first visit I had the brisket sandwich and the rib combo which comes with their spareribs, baby back ribs, and beef ribs.I'm a Texas BBQ snob and although I cant get my Texan BBQ fix, Rollin Smoke is about the best you'll get in Vegas and they do their beef ribs perfect.....falls off the bone, tender, juicy, and so delicious you'll be in a meat coma.  Speaking of meat coma, I was talked into getting their AYCE the last 2 times for $25. This is the best value because you can literally get EVERYTHING on the menu but their portions for regular items are huge.   For AYCE, i typically get alot of beef ribs, get some brisket, and catfish.  Their catfish is perfectly fried with a nice crust and I squeeze a little lemon on it and pour a little hot sauce and i devour every bite of it.Their desserts, cobblers are great too.  AND this place is open till 1:30 on fri/sats.  Also good for groups - came with a group of 10-12 people and they sat us all easy.  This place is a locals gem and i often see tourists finding their way here.  Def one of Vegas's best!
4	On our last visit to Las Vegas we decide to try Rollin Smoke BBQ.  We arrived at around 6PM and they were already out of brisket.  It is what I use as a benchmark for BBQ so I can only provide feedback based on what we had.  We opted for the Baby back ribs and the beef ribs.  Overall the food was great.  I would certainly recommend the beef ribs.  They were fantastic and meaty.  The service was prompt.  This is a dive so don't expect a fabulous setting, but we knew that going in.  The staff were very friendly and the place was packed.
5	This place is marvelous. Great Barbeque and Southern cooking. I am thrilled to have found it on Yelp and its now part of my very short "must eat at" list of restaurants.
5	Best BBQ in Las Vegas, hands down!  The food, especially the peach cobbler is always spot on! The only thing that could possibly make it better is more seating.
5	This place has the best beef ribs in town. Beef ribs are hard to find so when you find some as great as these, you just have to write a review about them. Fantastic!!
5	The Beef Brisket Burger is absolutely delicious!  Lots of great items on the menu and they always have some specials as well.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.It's an easy to get to location between the strip and the 15 on Highland. I will definitely be back for more of the excellent food!
5	Short review (to be followed by a longer review): OH MY GOD. Catfish! Ribs! YUM!
5	Best BBQ!!! Must go!!! They have all you can eat BBQ. And it's not crappy buffet style.  It's made to order every single time!!! Definitely great to come with friends and family!!  Ordered the beef rib and the meat is falling off the bone. Short ribs too. And their seafood is delicious.
5	After trying most of the bbq restaurants around town, including the chain bbq places, Rollin Smoke BBQ is the real deal! SIMPLY THE BEST BBQ IN TOWN, the sides and the seafood are great too!!! Do yourself a favor, and treat yourself!!! Bring your family, bring your friends, hell, bring everyone!!! I guarantee you will love it!!! (I posted some of my food pictures here, so check it out!)
5	The night before, I had dinner at the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars. Their brisket was dry...so I decided to venture forth for better smoked meat. Yelp led me to Rollin Smoke. This place is the definition of a hole in the wall (which made the contrast with the Bacchanal Buffet all the more pronounced). There's a strip club two doors down. Do not judge the book by its cover.I ordered at the counter and got the 3-meat combo (brisket, pulled pork, pork ribs) with a side of onion strings and a piece of catfish. Everything was incredibly delicious. The pork rib, particularly, stood out among the meats  - tons of meat, falling-off-the-bone, great smoked flavor. But the catfish was the star. There was a delicious coarse cornbread breading...like a hushpuppy around the fish. Unreal!Maybe it was because I was eating alone, but there was something magical and welcoming about the atmosphere (a weird word to use for a hole-in-the-wall...) There was a stuffed boar watching me from the corner; i filled up my soda club in a dark closet, but the whole thing was unaccountably perfect. One of the DJs from the strip club came in and ate the taller, biggest burger I've ever seen. The two of us chatted with one of the other patrons about how great the BBQ is here. The owner (manager?) noticed that I had done a Yelp checkin and gave me a free dessert (I hadn't even asked). And just as soon as I was wondering how I was going to get back to Caesars...a cabdriver walked in to check out the place. I really wanted to go back the next night to try the beef ribs and maybe the baked beans, but alas...it wasn't in the cards.My mouth is watering for my next trip to Vegas. One small note: Rolling Smoke closes kind of early (8 or 8:30) during the week, but it's open late on Fri and Sat. Go there now. You won't be sorry.
4	I go to Texas at least once a year and always make it a point to eat some really good bbq because I could never find anything as good in Vegas....until now.
5	I recommend anyone coming to Vegas to always consider trying spots off the strip because you'll always find hidden gems like this one. The best bbq west of the Mississippi hands down! The brisket is tender and the baby back ribs have a ton of meat & fall right off the bone. I recommend the kicken beans and the loaded mash potatoes for sides. The catfish here is very good and melts in your mouth! Place is actually known for their meatloaf and their outlaw burger. The staff is very courteous, friendly and hard working. They put a lot of love in the food that's for sure!!
3	Barbeque is dear to my heart - wait, I done said that before ain't I? Damn, I'm starting to sound like a broken wagon wheel. Well hell, I ain't ashamed to say it - I love me some barbeque!    Yeehaw!I spent a good bit a time in Texas, so it ain't no surprise Texas barbeque ranks up there on my list of the some of the best eats this here world's got to offer - brisket, ribs, sausage and of course, smoke. There's this little barbeque shack in Austin that smokes its brisket for 16 hours, can you believe that - 16 hours? It comes out crispy and as black as coal on the outside but just as juicy as all get out on the in, with the prettiest pink smoke ring, it just about makes you wanna cry. Why, I spect it's about as close to heaven as one could ask for. The fella who runs this place is a real arteest - leavin' just the perfect amount a fat to make that brisket as moist as a Guadalupe mud pie. Anyway, when I thinks of barbeque, well, that's what comes to mind.So it ain't no surprise to the folks that knows me that Rolling Smoke Barbeque just doesn't cut the brisket - or rather, it cuts too much of the brisket. Where's my crispy, burnt, smoky edge, where's my juicy, tender beef, and where's my smoke ring - what the hell did you do with my smoke ring? Boy, angels is weeping in Amarillo.Now don't get me started on them there sausages - they's got so much flavor, why did you have to go and overcook it like that? I mean this stuff was drier than a West Texas desert. It's a good thing them corn fritters was damn tasty (course, I'd had better) or I'da went to bed hungry that night.Okay, I'll admit it, for Vegas this shit ain't bad - hell it just might be the best barbeque joint in town, but that's no damn excuse. For pete's sake stop cutting off the good stuff  for dem sissy-pant  intellectual types from Henderson. They's so terrified of this part of town anyway, they drive in and out of here so fast you'd think their asses was on fire. This is barbeque dammit! People's food. We knows its got fat, we knows its got calories, we knows it ain't healty, but that's the way we likes it - if we's wanted healthy we'd go to Henderson. Besides, it'a give us a chance to put a scare in dem locals up there.Shit gets a 3 cause this is Vegas, but don't go thinkin I'm all happy or anythin'. Ya'll make me miss Texas.
5	Man...thank you Nelson Q for checking in! I came right after he left! We had the Pulled Piggy sandwich for $7.99 and the Trio Choice Plate which gives you a choice of 3 meats. We got the brisket, pork, and 2 spare ribs for $13.99. Oh it was divine! The meat on the spare ribs just slips right off of the bone, and the pulled pork was just juicy and full of that smokey flavor.The owner conversed with us for a bit, and based on his choice of decor in the place, you can tell hes an Arkansas fan. He was super humble and couldn't stop being grateful for all the Yelpers who had Yelped about this place. He also helped us with making choices. With a party of two he suggested the trio plate and the pulled pork sandwich if we wanted to have variety since the plates were more than enough to share. We chose beans and mac and cheese as our sides, and I tell you it was also just as good and homemade tasting as the meats! He also told us a little bit about the process in which they smoke the meats in their smoker right behind the restaurant, and smokes it for 16 hours (no wonder it's so good!). He wanted give Las Vegas a taste of good old Arkansas bbq, and he sure did!When you check in you get a free pie with your meal! I got the sweet potato, ala mode of course! Super delish, and a must try. I will see you soon. Hands down one of my favorite places to eat.
5	Amazing smoked meatloaf w/ mashed potatoes & onion straws! Definitely a must go to BBQ joint when in Vegas.
5	Ended up yelping up a place to grab some bbq.  We ordered bbq fries and baby back ribs, both were delicious.  Lee, the owner I believe, was very helpful making sure we had everything we needed.   Will be going back next time we are in  Vegas we will visiting. Highly recommended for fantastic food (get the bbq fries) and the amazing customer service.
3	I wanted to like this place. Came very highly recommended, but fell very short! I think I'm being generous with 3 stars. Would not recommend or go back. More details coming, but Barbie's review is dead on. Bland, not tender. Owner or dude in front was nice. Employee was last with a simple question.
5	Top Notch!!! The food was amazing, service was almost better than the food and that's saying a lot. Dusty was super friendly, very hospitable to myself and my girlfriend. Being raised back east, it felt good to finally go to a restaurant and actually feel wanted!!!! Thank you guys! Definitely get the ribs and the brisket, melts in your mouth and the ribs fall off the bone, perfect amount of fat and the smokey flavor is unreal, you can literally taste the smoke before you put the ribs in your mouth. From start to finish just awesome, we will be back time and time again. Keep rolling out the great food guys, it's humbling to see people have a dream and follow it through.
5	Amazing BBQ joint. My husband and I found it from yelp a few months ago and have been back many times since.. We have been satisfied with the food and staff every visit.
4	The Outlaw Burger is without question the best burger in town. 1/4 ground chuck and 4 Oz of brisket combine to make this one for the ages. I had a serious food coma ( otherwise known as the ITIS ) after the having this monster. I will certainly be having it again. Besides $24.99 for all you can eat (made to order) BBQ? How can you pass up the goodness here? You can't!!
5	Brisket was amazing, ordered the party pack got some of everything and it was all really good, then the ribs came. The baby back ribs were great. Thanks for the great service also.
2	Made the mistake of showing up right before closing.  Ordered the trio.  The chicken was like beef jerky and dry, I guess from sitting all day.  The brisket was good and the ribs were pretty good.  I drove a long ways to get there and when I got home there was no sauce on the meat.  My friends were pretty let down by that.  Made a special trip to get there which I won't do again.  The best BBQ in Las Vegas?  Not even close.
5	Hands down, the best barbecue I've ever had. As their motto speaks "we rub our meat" and you can tell by the amount of flavor it in. The meat was moist and yet had a nice crust. I loved the vinegar based sauce that went well with the wonderfully cooked meats. My husband had. The three rib combo, and the meat was tender. Not exactly falling off the bone, but came off the bone cleanly, which I prefer. The portions were ample and I would definitely return.
5	This is my new favorite BBQ spot! The most tender, flavorful spare ribs I've ever eaten. They actually smoke the meat and there is evidence of that, since when I walked in, my eyes started watering immidietely (I have sensitive eyes) from the smoke inside the restaurant. However, that did not hinder my expirience since the food is damn good. I will be taking my food to go until some sort of vents are installed. There are two rooms and some seating outside. It looks like a hole in a wall but those tend to have really good food. I only expirienced the first room (when you just walk in) so may be the second room does not get effected by the smoke or has vents, I would not know. Items tried: Spare ribs, wings, chicken, the outlaw burger, waffle fries, mac n cheese, hush puppies. Favorites: Spare ribs, waffle fries (so good!). The others mentioned were pretty good too. Don't belive me? On the fence? Go try it and write about it!
5	Have you ever tasted pure Heaven before?You will when you sink your teeth into the succulent, juicy, out-of-this world BBQ at Rollin Smoke!The meat is prepared immediately after you order on their grills which are on-site.  You will get exactly what you ordered prepared EXACTLY how you want it!  The staff is very quick and responsive to your needs and the menu has extraordinary options in terms of BBQ preparation.You can get an amazing assortment of meats from brisket, ribs, chicken, pulled pork, hot links, and yummy sides like beans, mac & cheese, and cole slaw.Plus there's an 'All-You-Can-Eat' option for $25.00...wow...if your stomach can handle it., I highly recommend taking it on!  ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING on the menu for only $25 bucks!I recently decided to take it on by getting the brisket, the baby back ribs, the chicken, and hot links, along with sides of baked beans and mac & cheese...I think I really did see God at one point!This is not just some BBQ Joint where they'll throw any random meat in a bag onto a grill...this is BBQ made from the heart and the soul delivered fresh and hot to your mouth.There is no more to say other than, if you truly want a taste of BBQ from the Gods...Rollin Smoke is the place to go!
5	Harder than finding a really good restaurant, its finding one that really cares about its customers. Rollin Smoke does both! THE BEST PULLED PORK I EVER HAD and the ribs had the perfect smoky to juicy ratio. The service was superb. This place makes me wanna live in Las Vegas. A true hidden gem. GO CHECK IT OUT!
5	Holy smoke this place was amazing! Had the duo meat plate with brisket and pork with an a la carte order of the beef rib. Everything was fall off the bone tender and juicy, my only regret was not getting the all you can eat for 25 (including the drink I paid 20 anyways) and trying even more of the menu
3	Good but not great BBQ. A little too much smoke flavor for my taste. Yes, I know smoke is in the name. But it dominated the natural flavor of the meat. The BBQ sauce was good. The flavor was different.  It has a tang to it. The Kicken beans also had a unique taste which was heavy on the bell pepper. The mac n' cheese had an extremely liquid cheese sauce. My cousin enjoyed it. Me, well, it was acceptable. I prefer more of a casserole consistency in mac n' cheese.Ribs and brisket were tender. Hot link was dry and over cooked. The owner and servers were friendly.
5	Seriously good ribs prepared in a pit by a man who is passionate about cooking them to perfection John is an excellent host and the restaurant is very low key but it's all about the food here.
5	You can smell this place all the way from the street. Best barbeque I've ever had. Being from Texas and an expert smoker myself, this says a lot. This guy puts a lot of effort and thought into his cooking. He's not just a pit master, he's a chef. Amazing food!I had a brisket sandwich, one beef rib and bacon potato salad. Most tender and smoky beef ribs and brisket ever. The sandwich bun was served on a really soft sesame seed hoagie bun and was typed with green onions. No extra sauce necessary. Just the right amount of flavor and nothing overpowering. Lover every bite! No wonder the walls are covered with awards.
5	This is the best bbq joint ever. If your in Vegas you have to check this place out. Food is amazing and the employees take in their job and food seriously. Employees are so nice. I will keep coming back
5	Great food! It's a small place and doesn't look like much outside. I actually drove past it the first time. Once I found it I was glad I did. Possibly the best ribs I have ever had. The wife's pulled piggy sandwich was great too!
5	By far the best BBQ in Las Vegas! Absolutely amazing food and great service, if your looking for real BBQ in Las Vegas this is definitely the place! Amazing section of items to choose from. I definitely recommend the all-you-can-eat for $26 and that includes everything on the menu.
5	Best BBQ I have ever had.  Chef Holland was super accommodating to cater a small party.  Brisket & beans were absolutely the best.  Fantastic item not prominent in menu was the pulled chicken - melted in our mouths with amazing flavor.  Cole slaw is very spicy - watch out !  Potato salad was really tasty.  Did not get to try the ribs - next time.  Our experience with Rollin Smoke was just outstanding.
5	We were visiting Las Vegas from L.A. We had heard about Rolling Smoke and it was terrific-- everything is delicious, particularly enjoyed the hotlinks and the baked beans. The pork, the beef... just beyond reproach. You will not find a more committed, courteous staff, these folks were serious about business, while being friendly and sincere to patrons. I understood they are from Arkansas; if so, that is one place where manners matter. Will absolutely visit again!
5	Great BBQ, glad to finally find some good smoked BBQ in Vegas. The location is out of the way but the food is worth it. I absolutely love the brisket, can't wait to go back
4	We actually cater from Rollin smoke for our office and it is delicious. Some of the best beef ribs I've ever had! The beef brisket is moist, tender, and great. And a BBQ joint has to have great sides and rolling smoke doesn't dissapoint.
5	Omg.... This is some gooooooood BBQ. I had the smoked meatloaf. You may consider splitting if you want to have room for their bread pudding!
3	Overall good experience.  I had the slider trio with a side of jalapeno coleslaw. Was expecting the slaw to knock my socks off but was anything to write home about. Pulled pork wasn't my favorite texture seemed more like pork roast. But the hot link was fantastic! Very spicy!  I was very disappointed with the country berry cobbler, lacked sweetness entirely. The place packed & decor and atmosphere were real homey. Liked the personal touches with their murals. We'll definitely go back. Looking forward to trying the smoked meatloaf.
5	BBQ heaven. Finally it has arrived folks. Ive tried every kind of bbq in vegas looking for that special place. here it is. phenomenal. its a little whole in the wall not in the greatest area but by all means safe. I had the beef ribs and potato bacon salad. my wife had macaroni cheese and the pulled piggy sandwich. Everything was flavorful and very delicious. they didnt over due it with a whole bunch of mediocre food like memphis. very proportionate. id say its a little pricy but the food is to die for. ill pay for it anytime when i want great bbq. props to them hope they expand.
5	The best BBQ my family and I had ever! Don't forget to try their peach cobbler! Out of this world!
4	In the mood for BBQ? This is the place! Immediately you can smell the deliciousness before you even get in the place.  My mouth was watering already. It's a smaller quaint little place but the food packs a punch!We met up with some friends who had dined here before. Sylvia said 'Everything is good!'.  So we tried the BBQ Smoked Wrap with Pulled Pork, waffle fries and corn nuggets on the side. The wrap was filled with the pork, cheese, bbq beans, coleslaw and onions.   The pork was divine! Every bite of the wrap popped with flavor.  The wrap was big enough that I split it with the hubby.  We were in agreement how much we enjoyed it! Waffle fries ~ fantastic.  Corn nuggets ~ loved them!  We even had a little taste of Sylvia's Smoked Meatloaf.  Yum!  Portions here are huge and delicious!  I will definitely make this my go to place for BBQ.
4	I was pretty impressed. Never expected to find barbecue this good just off the Strip. My wife and I split a combo plate (I forget what it was called) so we could try everything. So, from best to less best:Brisket: Top-notch. Moist, flavorful, well-smoked. A delight.Ribs: Split verdict. I thought they were great, wife finds beef ribs a bit too chewy but admitted the flavor was great.Hot Links: Excellent. Spicy and flavorful.Pulled Pork: A bit dry and not up to the standard set by the other meats. That said, there sure weren't any leftovers.Sauce: Pretty ordinary, really. Not bad, though, and the meats don't need its help, so it actually works pretty well in a supporting role.Beans: Fantastic. Almost like a bowl of chili. You could make a meal out of these alone.Potato Salad: Maybe the best ever. Bacon really does make everything better.Cole Slaw: Unique and original, but didn't really work for us. The only real misfire in an otherwise exceptional meal.This is a really good barbecue joint, bordering on greatness. When you factor in its unexpected location, it probably deserves five stars. Barbecue snobs that we are, we just can't quite grant that ranking when comparing it to Kansas City's best. Guaranteed, next time we're in Vegas, we'll be back. Friendly folks and good food bring us back every time.
5	LIP SMACKING BARBEQUE NOURISHED FROM THE GODS THEMSELVES.Seriously this place precedes itself. Just so you can understand the level that Rollin Smoke is on they were awarded for top 20 best bbq restaurants in america from localeats AND best burger in vegas seven. Yeah...they're pretty epic.It's pretty easy to miss this place, they're near the cross streets highland and desert inn, inside a signless plaza. Just look for a grill outside and you'll be fine. The vibe of the place is very relaxed mixed with decorations of tshirts, a pig, awards, and a mural. A big plus in my book is the amount of seating they have, from the times I went I never had to fight for a table. Customer service? Always on point. They strive for it. Anything wrong with what you're eating? They'll fix it. They always have a guy walking around asking people if they're doing fine. If you're coming here for the first time you should definitely try the rib tips, and outlaw burger. It takes a while for the outlaw burger to cook, nonetheless it's worth the wait. Let me start off with the rib tips. You can order 1/2 pound or a pound, if you're eating with a group of people, just share a pound it'll be more than enough. Their rib tips are mouthwatering!!! Cooked to perfection. And when you get those fatty pieces in your mouth you can taste the definition of a good bbq. The outlaw burger is just as satisfying. Let me just list the ingredients in the burger it has; brisket, onions, bell pepper, onion strings, red cabbage, slaw, lettuce, tomato, cheddar cheese, and chipotle ailoi. Yeah, all that in a burger. You know that one question? What do you want to eat before you die? This might be the answer.Tip: There's no shame in getting your hands dirty and pigging out. Dam son just eat that bbq! And you can order to-go over the phone!
5	Always tasty with more flavor than they flaunt.  Personally a down to earth decor and service that matches that is worth a 30 or 4 dollar signs just keep that true restaurant spirit.
5	"I found love on a two way street and lost it on a lonely highwaay"(Stacy Lattisaw). We decided to hit this place up after a night of Tikibombs in Frankie's Tiki Room.  I mean its only RIGHT. This is a little hole in the wall place but packs the BOOM! In BBQ.  I Had the 3 meat platter which you can choose any combo of meats.  I opted for the ribs, brisket, and smoked sausage or as I call it The Holy Trinity. We also shared Bacon potato salad, loaded mashed potatoes, and macaroni and cheese. YES, YES and YES.  The BBQ was so tender and savory and topped with a vinegar based BBQ sauce that enhanced the all the smoked goodness it could make a grown man cry.  Now to address the sides....as if the BBQ wasn't enough to leave you in meat nirvana the sides comes at you from the left and pulls you in tight.  It comforts you and makes for a very happy tummy.  I am very stingy with my ratings so the 5 stars speaks the universe about this place..but hey you'll only share my joy until you go in and taste for yourself....let the meat sweats begin.
5	Were do I start everything was great. Greens and yams were on fire. Even the banana pudding omg. They bring the food to you. The place looks like a whole in the wall but don't let the looks fool you. This is the place in vegas for ribs. I didn't eat the ribs but everybody else did ...lots of meat
5	Went here for the 2nd time earlier this week. It's in an industrial area, a little off the beaten path. There was virtually no lighting in the parking lot, I wondered if it was open. The number of cars in the parking lot suggested it was and there was an Open sign with some other flashing signage so I went in.You order at a podium like desk. I had a Lehigh Valley IronPigs hat on, displaying a pig, and the order taker took a liking to it. I went with the brisket sandwich combo and ordered cole slaw (not the jalepeno cole slaw this time) as my side.Quite promptly my sandwich was delivered by one of the staff. Overflowing with tasty shredded brisket. The cole slaw was a nice compliment. I left stuffed.The place has a casual atmosphere, couples, buddies, and families.I'm glad I found this place and will definitely be back.
4	Can't say anything bad about this place. Got the rib platter. They were out of baby backs so it was mostly spare ribs with 1 beef rib. Couldn't finish it all because that is a lot of meat and fat for 1 meal. The side I chose was the greens. Bad choice for me because they were too spicy for my pallet and I couldn't eat them. But they were probably perfect, it is just me. Corn bread was very good too.
5	Saturday night in Vegas and we were planning on meeting up with our friends for dinner and some fun. The first place we planned to go to was not getting too many rave reviews.Stephanie S. had the wonderful idea to come here instead for dinner. This place was pretty close to where we were staying on the strip, which made it easy drive for us. Located on the other side of the strip (yes on the seedy side of town) pass a couple of popular strip joints, made a turn thinking did my GPS give me the wrong directions because it's really dark on this street and it looks like it's the industrial area of Vegas. Well you are in the industrial area but it is also a mix of other business as well. Rollin Smoke is in a small shopping center look for a sign that says "Kiesub Center" and you have found it! Did I mention that they are open until 1:30 am every day too?As we were pulling into the parking lot, I notice two huge bbq smokers outside. Knowing that anything that is put into a smoker is going to be mighty tasty I was ready to order right there in the parking lot!Walking into this eatery the BBQ smell hits you like a mack truck on the 15. Their menu is large and in charge! Everything from an all you can eat BBQ for $24.99 (you get anything on their menu, anytime, any day of the week)$7.99 sandwich's (like the pulled piggy, smoked brisket ECT)$8.99 meals (BBQ nacho fries, various wraps, outlaw burger and many options that are more wonderful to choose from)Then there are the various plates that they have. Minh and I decided on ordering and splitting The Pit Special: Four meats (of your choice) and three sides (of your choice) - Brisket, Chicken, two orders of spare ribs. Bacon Potato Salad, Yams, and Corn Nuggets all for $19.99!They took Minh's name down and we seated our self's in an over sized booth. The owner was there making sure everything was running smoothly. This is a family owned business, which makes it have that charming-family-cozy kind of feeling.As we were waiting for our food and other friends to arrive, I was chatting with Stephanie and watching the small eatery fill up with hungry families, club-goers and other various walks of life wanting some stick to your ribs goodness. A friendly server brought our food to our table. All I can say is the Pit Special offers a lot of food for your money! There is more than enough to share with another person. The corn nuggets were the best ever! Fried on the outside (no grease on any of the balls) and yet soft and fluffy in middle. I was popping these in two at a time (sorry babe if you only got a couple). There are addicting! The bacon potato salad was another favorite, chucks of potatoes various seasonings, mayo and probably mustard piled with bits of delicious bacon.  Swoon!All the meats were tender (they "rub" their own meats daily) you can taste the quality of the meats they have. Not one piece was dry; we did try their homemade BBQ sauce, which was delightful on the brisket. The chicken and ribs had so much meat on it I got overwhelmed for a second. This place is a gem in hiding, BBQ in sin city at its best! To the Holland family thank you for making this delicious food for every kind of budget!
5	4.8 stars  went ahead and rounded it to 5 On a previous trip to Las Vegas, we drove past Rollin Smoke BBQ, and they had the smokers going but we want to give another place a try... that place was Memphis BBQ.  You can read my review about Memphis BBQ...  hind sight is 20/20 ... and oh how I wish we would have stopped at Rollin Smoke first.  Live and learn! The place smells great when you walk in the door... the guys, there were really nice and welcomed us in...The menu is diverse... I had the three meat plate...  brisket, ribs, and pulled pork. Brisket was really good... Ribs were even better... and the Pulled Pork was KILLER! Portions were generous... flavors were fantastic!  The potato salad had some spice to it and so did the pickles. My wife had two meats, pulled pork and brisket... she raved about both.  She is a huge brisket fan, and she said it reminded her of being in Texas.  She loved it! I think the guys there have a handle on the BBQ side of things... it's great! Where I think, they could use some help is in the dessert's area... they were just alright.  I wasn't there to have dessert... so not a big deal... but... it's the only weak link about the place which stood out to me.  Dial that in... it's a 5+ star place. Well worth a visit if you want fantastic BBQ!
5	I love Yelp... I found this hidden jewel because of Yelp.  It is tucked away. I love BBQ.  This place was outstanding. The food is authentic and very tasty. I had the Biggin sandwich which had brisket, pulled pork and sausage for $8.99.  The sandwich was large and sooo good.  It was full of meat.  The meat is very smokey and tender.  I was very surprised about the size of the sandwich for the price.
5	Definitely a great hole in the wall! We tried the all you can eat and it was well worth the $25! The staff was super friendly. Definitely recommend the spare ribs, loaded mash potatoes, and the shrimp.
5	I was in Vegas a few weeks ago and my friend Julie. Took me hear to try the food since I love BBQ. I must say the food was to die for. The staff and service was great. I've tried a few places in Vegas but this place is the Best by far! If your in Vegas I highly reccomend it!!
5	Ok by FAR the best BBQ I have ever had! Soooooo good! We got the pulled piggy sandwich, hot links, and the BBQ nacho fries all to share. All of it was delicious!! My favorite was the BBQ nacho fries. You HAVE to try them!! So good I can't even explain it! I'm so full I need someone to roll me the rest of the way home :)
5	After reading through the talk threads I kept seeing Rollin Smoke. I was convinced its time for some BBQ. As always there is a nice crowd inside and it's hard to get a table at times. We were luck to grab a seat in the side room. My wife and I split the 4 meat 3 side combo. We had the pulled pork, brisket and double spare ribs. Sides were hush puppies, mac & cheese and mashed potatoes.the brisket was good but I enjoyed the pork and ribs mostly. Great smoke taste and I add a bit of the BBQ sauce for extra flavor. All the sides where great. Mac and cheese and hush puppies are where it's at! A bit small in here but great food!
4	If you're looking for good BBQ in Vegas, Rollin Smoke is where you're going to find it!Located in a small plaza on Highland, Rollin Smoke is a fairly small restaurant and gets crazy busy at times. When you walk in, there's a large menu on the wall and after you place your order, you can go sit down and they'll bring the food to you. The menu is somewhat large and features classics like pulled pork sandwiches and meat combo plates. They've also got some not-so-usual options like the gigantic Outlaw Burger, Chicken 'n Waffles and even an all you can eat option. I usually order a two meat combo with brisket and hot link. Most places seem to serve a packaged hot link and just toss it in sauce. While I have no idea whether there's is or not, it's one of the better ones I've had. The sausage is flavorful with a great snap and they don't douse it in sauce. Since I'm a fan of spicy food, I like that there's has a little kick to it as well. And there's a reason I can't stay away from the brisket either. It's extremely tender, flavor is great and it's not overly smoky. Again, even though I really like their sauce, they don't douse the meat in it which is a huge plus. You have to try the sauce though, it's slightly sweet but has a mild heat...really tasty.If you're into dessert, they have a few options there too. We've used the Yelp check-in for a free mini dessert a few times and always get the peach cobbler. My wife is a peach cobbler fanatic and this is her favorite in town. I've heard good things about the banana pudding though and I'll be getting that next time.This a solid 4.5 stars for me and only because I've had inconsistent plate sizes. One time I got a combo plate that had so much meat I couldn't finish it, but then the two other times we've went, I finished mine and starting picking off the wifeys. Not a huge deal but it's a bit irritating. Either way, Rollin Smoke serves some of the best BBQ in town and at much better prices then most of them too. Top it off with friendly service and you got a must try spot!
2	Here we go, brace yourselves. I'll be that guy. This is actually a friendlier version of my review for RSB; the original had cuss words and comparisons that probably would get me in trouble that's the version you needed to brace yourselves for.When it comes to BBQ, American BBQ, I've gone to St. Louis, Memphis, Kansas City, Texas, the Carolinas, various states in the East, South, Mid-West, and West, pre-Yelp and current Yelp days, and have experienced both good and bad BBQ. You can say I've had more than my share of BBQ and can tell a good BBQ from just a decent BBQ place but no way am I an expert. I've hated BBQ spots locals loved. So IMHO and friendlier version RSB is just decent, OK is being nice. I've been here a few times and well I am NOT a fan. Each time I've been disappointed with one thing or another. Yes I've gone back but that's just cause everyone's been raving about RSB and I wanted to give them another shot and then another.One of my first visits was with a group of 5-6 from work. I don't remember what everyone exactly ordered but remembered me having the chopped pork sandwich and another having the chopped chicken sandwich which neither I can find on the menu, must have been a special. Anyways from both of the sandwiches we created a community pile of what's this!? tiny pieces of chicken bones. There were a lot of chopped up chicken spine and rib bones all mixed in our meats. Even if I was mistakenly served chicken with my pork, bones, really RSB. I had more typed out but I leave it as that. The only good thing about it was I had a free dessert with Yelp check-in. STRIKE ONE.After writing off RSB for a couple months the group made it back out. This time ribs and Outlaw burgers were ordered. They certainly took their time bringing the ribs out.  Ribs were ordered first and was last to be served. What exactly were they doing!? Warming it up or cooking them as it was ordered. I actually asked for and ate my dessert first cause I was hungry. The ribs that came out was beyond disappointing tough, rubbery, had little taste, and sucked. I've had way better.  I noticed my ribs were different from the others. Oh there's a "rib plate" and a "rib platter special". STRIKE TWO.After working up an appetite playing basketball all morning I came here looking to finally clear things up and getting the rib platter special. It was a lot of ribs but it lost all its luster. The beef rib wasn't as tender as I was hoping but tender to some liking. The rest were decent nothing exciting just a lot of meat covered in sauce. I smelt all the smoke inside and outside of the RSB but I got only a hint of smoke taste. STRIKE THREE. Throat slash. The best BBQ in Vegas!? I don't know about that. Maybe, than again Vegas aren't known for BBQ and the ones I've enjoyed no longer are open so maybe I don't know anything about BBQ plus I sometimes enjoy buffet BBQ ribs. You want more info there's AYCE BBQ for $24.99. It's located off a few side streets near the Strip. They have a small parking lot which is shared with the other businesses. They're from Arkansas. They're friendly but I wouldn't call the service great. There's large tables, small tables, and booths. Lines for ordering can form out the door. Just go if you like go.
5	OMG! Went to Rollin Smoke before the Clint Black concert.  Was easy to find due to friendly Yelper's directions.  The sexy smell of BBQ immediately welcomes you when you walk in the door.  Our order taker (sorry didn't get his name) determined the best combo when we told him what we wanted.  The corn bread was to unbelievably moist and delicious.  We would have ordered more for dessert with Blue Bell ice cream if we hadn't been so stuffed.  The beef ribs were huge and melted into smokey heaven in your mouth.  The brisket was plastic fork tender and moist.  You have to get corn nuggets - spicy fried creamed corned!  We were supposed to share but I ate more than my share!   They must be world famous as a large van of Aussies (in for Red Flag) filled up the place and took their orders to go!   The place has a lot of seating...can't wait to plan a lunch adventure for my co-workers!
5	My new favorite spot in Vegas for BBQ. They are a straight up BBQ spot, no frills no thrills. Food is fresh and the guys behind the counter are super cool and really nice. As a guy who normally visits Vegas frequently for work, I'll make this one of my stops from now on. I just wish they had beer, haha! Thanks guys..
5	SOOO Delicious!! Visiting Vegas from San Diego and I'll be back for sure. Brisket is delicious and the corn nuggets so good. Definitely check it out! Friendly staff as well.
5	So far the best bbq place I've ever been to here in Las Vegas! Mac and cheese good, kickin beans, and greens, bomb. Best local spot for great bbq!
5	The best BBQ in Vegas! Had the best BBQ pork sandwich, best hot Link, best fries, and best corn bread I've ever had in Vegas. Very good quality ingredients, expertly cooked, and reasonably priced. Im a regular Texas visitor too, and this still beats any BBQ I've found in SE Texas!!
4	This is a terrific BBQ joint in Las Vegas. I don't believe it is on par with Franklin BBQ or The Salt Lick in Texas, but this place does solid BBQ with LARGE portions. I base this review on only trying the brisket, chicken, pulled pork, and several sides. I will update the review once I try the ribs and other items. The beans were a bit too spicy for my taste.
4	If you like authentic BBQ this is your place!  We were greeted at the door by a very helpful server.  He gave us recommendations.  Everything we ordered was great. We shared the trio meat, hush puppies, Mac and cheese, a berry cobbler and 2 drinks all for under $25.   Yummy.  The restroom was clean and even had seat liners. It is an industrial location but don't be intimidated.
4	I was cravin bbq after driving by Memphis BBQ on the way home. We were going to head there, but after checking out the reviews on  Yelp I decided to try Rollin Smoke BBQ! Some of the best bbq I've had in a while that wasn't from a chain (Famous Dave's - which I 'm not knocking as I've had great food there as well). I would go out of my way for TC Rib Crib so I'm glad I found a place closer to home. This place is a little hard to get to but so glad we found it. I got the three meat platter with spare two spare ribs, pulled pork, and the FATTY part of the brisket with sides of cheesy mac and yams. The ribs were meaty and tender. Nice char on the meat, great smoky flavor! The pulled pork was tender as well. Great pork flavor. The fatty part of the brisket was killer! Nice burnt fat pieces with succulent strips of beefy goodness. They also threw in regular pieces of brisket which I didn't care for but took it home anyway. I don't care who makes it, I've never cared for brisket as I've always thought  it's a dry piece of meat. It was great cold the next day. The mac n cheese was creamy  enough, but even the extra cheese on top didn't make it "cheesy" enough. The yams were excellent. Lots of brown sugar cinammony goodness! The portions are large and come with a piece of Texas toast under the meats so it soaked up all the pork juices and was an extra added treat! My friend enjoyed his chicken and spare rib plate with jalapeno cole slaw and fried okra. There BBQ sauce is very good! Not too sweet, peppery and flavorul!    I take away a star because of the brisket and mac n cheese. I would have to try other things before upgrading to a 5. Great, friendly service and good food! I will be back!
5	pure bbq heaven! love them, fast services.. super nice! the best bbq in vegas
5	This place is all its cracked up to be! We looked up best BBQ in Vegas and after some debate/argument we agreed to eat here. Rolling up you might want to turn around, but dont! This place is the real deal! The inside is not that fancy, but who cares right as long as the food is legit. I would pride myslef as a BBQ snob and this joint hit all the marks. I walked up ordered the 3 meat combo with pulled pork, tri tip and ribs. Couldn't decide on the sides so just ordered some extras like okra, cole slaw, waffle fries and potato salad and boy was that a mistake afterwards. I needed to be wheeled out! This has to be one of the best BBQ joints I have been to outside the rib cook off in Reno and this place has every right to stand off to any National Rib Champion. What sealed the deal for me was the owner and his customer service. This guy was hustling all over the restaurant checking on tables making sure everyone had what they needed. They missed a side off our order and I offered to pay for it and he refused. At another table someone asked how good something was on the menu he brought them out a sample! This doesn't happen in most places today or the level of customer service. Then to top it off we meet this nice family while we are eating and they talk us into sampling their banana pudding desert. At first I was like no way I to full then my daughters almost refused to leave before trying so I gave in. This thing put me over the edge but wow was it good! similar to ice cream pudding only fills the cracks when your full...well worth trying or taking some home. This is a must when your in Vegas!
5	This place is as good as it gets when it comes to BBQ. Not only is it authentic,  everything is fresh and fast! Everyone there is super friendly and Mike and the whole crew make you feel at home.  We actually came in when the Travel Channel was filming if that tells you anything. Highly recommended and five stars all around!
5	I have personally been here twice.....my husband and his friend more than that and every time he is anywhere near the place! It is bar none the best barbeque I have EVER HAD!!! The cook, the staff, everyone super friendly and everything I've eaten is to die for!!!
5	This is da bomb for BBQ in Vegas and what's even better it's not packed full of tourists yet very close to the strip.  Don't be afraid of the office park feeling, get in and get down and bone greasy with some tasty sauce....I'd recommend the brisket. YUMOh and bring your appetite, portions are solid.
5	"DAMNNNNNN GOOOOOD! DAMNNNNNNN GOOOOOD! DAMMMMMMMMMMMMM GEWD!"Those three words are the celebratory chants of a Rollin Smoke Barbeque meal. Alright so maybe the chef will encourage you to shout it when you leave, but it takes little convincing, trust me!My knowledge of barbeque is limited, but I mean I own a Traeger Grill, does that count for anything? No? I didn't think so either... but while my Traeger makes deliciously smoked clean meats it doesn't compare to the smokey glistening glory of RSB. Their ALL YOU CAN EAT BBQ is what makes Vegas or America in general really freaking awesome. I mean sure we're in the top 10 for most obese countries, but hey at least we do it right, RIGHT? The special is $25 and includes EVERYTHING on the menu, except drinks ($2), you gotta buy that, BUT... its pretty much all you can drink too. Don't pass on the Outlaw Burger,  the beef ribs, or the nachos, but do pass on the pulled pork. Don't wear a belt, its useless, no belt will make look skinny after the massacre. You can of course also just order ala carte.Take the booth with the pig, it will give you extra encouragement when you savage through his four legged cousins. CONVENTION PEOPLE... COME HERE!How was my review? DAMNNNNNNN GEWDDDDDDDDDD right? Thanks!
3	Came here on a rainy friday afternoon with Doriee, at 1pm, hoping to run into the Travel Channel filming crew. We did, but apparently filming started at 11 instead of the posted time of noon (oh well). We met up with Roger, as well as invited one other friend. Location, actually not as hard to find as i had thought. Though i had "scouted" the place a few days prior, still wasn't hard as some may have said. Coming from Fashion Show or Mel Tourne, taking a right onto industrial, then left at the light, then right again, and you are pretty much there ! Restaurant is a little small but lots of seating. Parking wise, decent amount. Unless there was some specific thing going, should be parking avail. Upon entry, first thing you see is their huge menu on the wall. Since Doriee was on break and didn't want to eat too much, we decided to share. And being "marketed" the beef rib so much by Roger (steak on a stick is what he calls it), we opted to get the Rib Platter Special. Comes with one side and a drink. For the side, we got the corn nuggets ! Or rather Doriee "excitedly" shouted corn nuggets XD ! Since she was on her lunch break (1 hour time, but work was close by), we hoped it wouldn't take long. Upon ordering, we were told about 25 minutes. Rib Platter Special - $17.99 - 3 Baby Back Ribs, 2 Spare Ribs, and 1 Beef Rib - Ordered with a side of Corn Nuggets. To our surprise, it came in about 20 minutes or less. Good on timing !! :DPretty big platter. Was definitely a good sharing size between the two of us. Corn nuggets were piled on the side. To our surprise (again), the corn nuggets were pretty good. Corn gave it a nice sweetness and it was nice and crispy ! The sauce it comes with is like a mix between thousand island and like the sauce from Raising Canes. Sweet, little tangy. Now the main entree. Ribs. The so-called "steak on a stick" was a beef rib that had a lot of meat on it, as well as a pretty thick layer of fat. The meat was not how i imagined it to be. Yes, as the restaurant name suggests, smokey, definitely a lot of smokey flavor (lasted the rest of the day lol!) but the meat broke off like it was stewed meat? I'm not sure if its because beef ribs weren't one of my favorite type of rib or its been too long since i had a beef rib but it was quite disappointing. Flavor was decent but meat texture wise, a little different. Both the baby back ribs and spare ribs were, yet again, smokey, but to our disappointment again, it was quite dry. Would have preferred it to be a little more seasoned/marinated to give it a nice flavor instead the meat but the dryness of the meat kind of made it saddening. Tried to help it with the bbq sauce on the table, but didn't really help. The BBQ sauce was a very thin sauce, so if you were to put in on anything, it almost rolls right off. Flavor wise, sweet, tangy, spicy. Not bad but not my favorite either. The following two items were ordered by Roger and another friend but im just putting what i SEE :P The Outlaw Burger - $8.99 - Brisket, Onion, Bell Pepper, Onion Strings, Red Cabbage Slaw, Lettuce, Tomato, Cheddar Cheese, and Chipotle AioliHUGE burger. The burger is, i believed a confirmed 1lb patty with tons of stuff stacked on top. Roger tried to press it down to make it smaller to eat, but to no avail. That burger was DENSE ! Not too much of a burger person but looked pretty good ! Maybe could try, if it was split with someone half n half.. Brisket Dog - $8.99 - 1/4 Lb Beef Hot Dog, Brisket, Smothered in Cheese and Onion StringsI didn't even notice the hot dog in it until after my friend bit into it. Similar to the burger, ingredient filled/stacked. I was actually surprised my friend ate it fairly cleanly without everything falling out and onto the plate. Desserts !!!Southern Peach Cobbler & Country Black Berry Cobber - sweet and flavorful. sauce was very thin and runny. kind of hard to eat (especially if you were sharing. would prefer the sauce to be a little thicker. still pretty good ! Mama's Banana Pudding - imagine a bread pudding but instead of bread, its vanilla wafers... with slices of banana and pudding. Yummy dessert :P Reese's PB Cup Bread Pudding - soaking in a RUM sauce, the dense but flavorful bread pudding is like hell on a plate. bread pudding usually is already pretty flavorful from it absorbing the heavy cream but in this case, it is a PEANUT BUTTER CUP bread pudding... rich peanut butter taste with a nice rum sauce glaze on top. Prob my fav on the 4 desserts listed. Overall. good place. though the ribs were a bit disappointing. Everything else was pretty good. Would like to try other things, like their brisket and such
5	best BBQ ever great taste nice portions great customer service and talk with owner Mom on the phone best potato salad ever
4	---Rant---Great place when you are starving for meat!!!Generally I stick with Tri-Tip, Chicken and/or Brisket when trying a new place.  These guys did NOT disappoint!  Meat was tasty, flavorful and juicy (not overly greasy, just juicy).The Chicken was cooked perfectly and unusually soft (in a good way), same with the beef. The cornbread is excellent...tastes like it has a lot of butter, which is pretty damn good IMHO~The seating sucks though; I had to have ma boy buy my grub while I went and sat in an open booth. There was a huge crowd of folks waiting to order (you order first, pay then go sit.  They bring you your food).  I kinda got some disappointed looks from the crowd as I apparently was the only one smart/clever enough to go grab seats while your buddies are ordering for you?! hahaSide Note 1 - Don't ask the staff if they have any to-go containers...they will look at you like a total dumbass as containers are plainly visible at the counter, next to the soda and utensils hahaha (the dude just rolled his eyes and pointed, I in turn looked a damn fool~ hahahaha)Side Note 2 - This is on a side street that has about 4-5 strip clubs. The street itself is dark and looks like the kind of area you could get mugged, raped, etc.  So go with a nice sized group of people if you're gonna go at night, and bring tazers or mace~---Overall---Service: A.  We got our food pretty quick~Food: A. Great food if you're looking for a heavy meat fix!!!Atmosphere: C.  If I wasn't worried about getting ass-raped, I would probably visit more often.
4	The only thing I can suggest is needs more smoke or different type of wood. Smoke ring needs to be better.I come form the Midwest and smoke meat all the time not as good as them or even close but this is my opinion. The other is need more moisture. But great potions great price you need to get there ASAP.
5	Never disappointed. Always awesome food. From the Outlaw Burger to Spudtastic, it's great BBQ.  The brisket is moist, not wet like some places serve it.  They found the right balance of smoke and the meat's flavor.  Plus they offer solid sides and desserts.  If you are a BBQ enthusiast or a casual diner, Rollin Smoke is tops in Vegas.  Take the time to seek it out.
5	The Beef Ribs were cooked (smoked) perfect, easily the best Ive ever had (and Ive had my share)..Tender and mouth watering would be the best description. Met the owner and one of his son's, they were the type of people you would invite to sit at your dinner table and talk BBQ with, just nice folks. My wife had the smoked meat loaf and it was awesome also..The BEST BBQ in Las Vegas hands down
4	Vegetarian?  Here's a pickle.  This is the carnivore's domain.Note:  Everything I know about BBQ, I learned on TV.  I've been to Memphis, Kansas City, and Dallas and never had a lick of the stuff.  Even better, growing up in Hawaii, we boiled our ribs before grilling them.  I'm quite the expert.  But...The wafting aroma of sweet hickory smoke.  The earthy, mild spice rub that has deeply penetrated the proteins; a moist, beefy rib with tender sinew and rendered fat;  fall off the bone baby backs; "suckably" delicious cartilage of toothsome spareribs, and glistening slices of brisket.  The acrid, bitterness of the smoke ring in strong contrast to the almost sweet meat.   Food porn!The sauce has a good vinegar kick that helps to cut the one dimensional flavor and cloying, richness that becomes more difficult to take the more you eat and the colder it gets.  Their signature, bigger than any human's mouth, stuff falling out, BBQ sauce on your face "outlaw" burger is good eats.  Brisket, sauteed onions, peppers, fried onion strips, slaw, veg, cheese and a chipolte aioli; what's not to love?Remaining menu items less successful.  The breaded catfish and shrimp are both overcooked and rubbery.  The smoked meatloaf, excessively smoky and bitter.  Deep fried sides often oily with one exception, the outstanding cream corn nuggets.  Crispy on the outside, rich creamy corn goodness on the inside.Prices are very reasonable for the quantity.  The $24.99 AYCE a winner; anything on the menu, one price.The worthy indulgence is not without cost.  Suffice it to say, remember waking up from a drunken stupor after having smoked your first cigar?  All the mouthwash in the world...
5	Meat, meat, meat! The Outlaw Burger was AMAZING. Piled so high it was difficult to fit it in my mouth. It was worth the effort! :). The ribs had a great flavor and the texture was perfect.  Pull off the bone delicious. Add the banana pudding. You won't regret it. Best banana pudding I've ever had, and I've eaten a monkeys share of banana pudding.
5	Phenomenal!  This is hands down the best barbeque in Las Vegas.  The real deal!We ordered, didn't have to wait for very long, and really enjoyed our meal. I had pulled pork and brisket duo, and it did not disappoint.  Sauce on the table went to good use.  My husband had an all you can eat with ribs that fell right off the bone.  He also tried shrimp and rib tips, which he said were terrific.  Hushpuppies were seasoned to perfection and the sides were all delish!!Definitely adding this to our list of regular stops!  And check in for a dessert, the banana pudding was awesome.
5	Super busy line went quick food was fast. Sides are great gonna go back and try more side. Beans and mac&cheese down
4	This place is great.  Its a hidden gem that is busy during lunch time, but worth the wait.  Trio combo is the best deal.  Everything is tasty, jalapeno slaw is delicious! One recommendation is to not over cook the brisket!   Lately its been dry and chewy...not savory, tender, juicy, fatty, flavorful :(
5	This place is amazing!!!  The smoked beef ribs are ridiculous.  The pork ribs are so good.  Best chicken wings I have ever had, they are also smoked!  The smoke does 98% of the flavoring and the BBQ sauce is the final enhancement.   The mac n' cheese is creamy and rich.  The guys that work there are really friendly and helpfull.  This will be a stop for me every time I come back to Las Vegas!
5	Hard to find bbq in Vegas - found it! Will be going back to taste more items! Anytime the man who takes your order, and comes out to ensure your food is good by your first name tells you they take pride! Cheers to those spare ribs, brisket and pulled pork!
5	Had the smoked meatloaf dinner with loaded mashed and greens tonight. It was slap your mama great!!! Defiantly going back for more!!
5	The fam bam loved it. Fast easy and delicious.  The hardest part was choosing what to eat on the menu cause we wanted everything!!!
5	This place was simply delicious. Perfect recipe for what makes these types of places last. Great food and great service. That's it. That's all it takes. All you chain restaurants out there thinking that your name speaks for itself, do yourself a favor and check out Rollin Smoke. This is how it's done. Keep it up guys. You're doing an awesome job!!
4	Good Food! Was out in Vegas for friends bday and decided to go there and eat instead of eating out of casino or on strip. Maybe 10 minutes away from "Rio" and its the real deal on BBQ. Friendly and fast service. Clean tables as well. I will be back whenever I am in the town!
5	Absolutely amazing food. Friendly atmosphere. We live in town and love this place.  Will definitely be back soon! !
5	Rollin Smoke BBQ is awesome. Found this place on a Yelp search in Vegas where we were just looking for good BBQ. Great menu, food came out quick, prices reasonable. Love the picnic tables out front & the old throw back setting. Totally dig that it's located under a freeway exit off the beaten path. Keep Rollin !!
5	If you like bbq go no further! ! Real smoke.  Girl did theChicken and pulled pork,  loaded mashed.  I did ayce only $24.95 & when they say anything off the menu they were not joking.  First round 2 beef ribs super tender just enough cooking tender juicy sweet,  baby back ribs. Beans out of bounds,  steak beans with black pepper,  cayenne spicy good. Mac cheese meah. 2nd round brisket and baby backs so yummy tender brisket smoke rings all with pickles and white bread. Red onion straws and needed cool off had Dessert blue bell ice cream Hershey chocolate syrup.Seriously don't bother going anywhere else. Hard part I'm 300 miles from home in OC. Tell Dusty pit boss Michael the foodie from OC sent you.
5	Bookmarked this one.  I dont want to forget it.  Not that I could.  Exceptional pulled pork. Lots of smoke.  Try the corn nuggets.
5	One of the few places left in town that understand and shares my love for beef ribs. Although I've had all there stuff and it's always amazing. Noting is better to me than a nice fat juicy beef rib! Thanks so much guys your all scholarly gentlemen :)
2	Service was super friendly and fast, but I am perplexed at the high average rating.  We got to try several items on the menu w/ the $25 AYCE deal and pretty much found everything to be just ok.  The pork and brisket were on the dry side and the ribs did not fall off the bone.  The meatloaf, onion strings and outlaw burger were tasty.  The best thing we had were the corn nuggets - fried creamy goodness!  Mac and cheese and loaded mash were ok.  Desserts had so much potential but didn't deliver.  Their sundae was ice cream with a little choco sauce on top, nothing else.  Banana pudding and peach cobbler were meh.If you do go, don't have too high of expectations based on Yelp.
5	Great hole in the wall- just off the strip. Finally found a BBQ place in Vegas that is worth going to.  The pit special gives you the sampler of their BBQ. The Biggin is the best for the buck. Corn nugget is so yummy.
5	Yes, I finally rolled in to Rollin Smoke after the many raving reviews from my Yelp Peeps.  I am super WAY over due for this joint.  I do think I have told at least 15 people about this place since our visit last Saturday.  If that doesnt say how I feel about this place, how about the leftovers that I ate for breakfast the next day.  Yes, I must say this is simply (but not simply stated) the best BBQ I have ever EVER had.Dont let the location fool you...its part of its finger lickin good charm and you cant beat the smell of pure goodness when you pull into the parking lot.  When we first arrived a couple was leaving voicing that they will be back next year - as they come here every year when they visit Vegas.  I think that says alot too....a must have for tourists too?!We both ordered the sliders-both coming with 3 and you can pick what meat you want.  I had the chicken and the brisket while my man had the chicken, brisket and the hot link sliders.  He said the hot links were his favorite-IF there could even be a favorite.  All of it was totally fab.  For sides we had the waffle fries and the mac and cheese.  The waffle fries were sprinkled with a sweet and salty flavoring that I loved and I'm still craving and wont be satisfied until I have more.  The mac and cheese was super creamy.  I thought it was very good.  Alot of the times mac comes out all dry and coagulated.  Not the case here.  I could literally eat a big bowl of it and call it a day.  ***ehem But I wouldnt recommend it only because there is SO much more important things to savor.  Lets talk about the meat - yes their slogan is that they "rub their meat" and however you take it consider that some good lovin (hehe).  The meat is smokey and savory....meat with FLAVOR!  The sauce was perfect (not too sweet, not too thick)-and Im very picky about sauce.   The portions were so huge.  I'm sure the guy thought I was not sure what I was getting into when I ordered the 3 sliders.  I brought home 1 1/2 that was leftover and like I said I think I must have been dreaming about it all night because I did have to dig into that first thing the next morning.  As I opened the box all I could smell was the smokey heavenly goodness and I knew right then it was going to be a good day.So yeah on Wednesday I was sat down and asked to not be mad.....hmmm yes my man went there for lunch without me.  And YES damn right I was mad.  LOL  Yes, peeps....it is JUST THAT GOOD.  I cannot wait to go back.  Well heck Ive already checked into the catering menu so I can order for my next party.  If you are looking for a winner.....this is IT.   *side note...they are closed on Sundays.  :(
5	Met Big Mike who gave great recommendations for our groups food! You must the beef rib and brisket burger. The beans and fried okra  for a side were on point and you can't go wrong with any of the food here.  Bring everyone and the price won't kill ya!  A must have in Vegas.
5	Best BBQ and amazing people! We tried almost everything on the menu. You must try the fried okra! They were so nice and friendly we will definitely be back.
5	oh my We got the pit special, outlaw burger, Mac and cheese, kickin beans, loaded mash, onion strings, catfish, and corn fritters! you can just taste the smokiness from the BBQ! so much flavor. I loved the kickin beans, it has brisket and has a perfect sweet and spicy kick! the catfish is cooked perfectly and is a must, it comes with two sauces, but is also good on it's own. the best thing was the corn fritters, OH MY GOD. I don't think a gallon of this would be enough  sweet corn and cheese deep fried nuggets. I could eat this all day. if I had to order one thing only it would be this. a place can have the most amazing food but the last star can only be earned by amazing customer service. thank you to MIKE for helping us out! you can tell this place truly cares about their customers leaving satisfied. if I could give an extra star just for how amazing the service is alone I would. will definitely come back!!hands down the best bbq I have ever had! it was only appropriate to sit next to the piggy at our table since that's what I felt like while I was eating. oh and I don't know why there's two $$ signs, the prices are so cheap! definitely bang for your buck!
5	My fellow lunch buddies and I were craving barbeque last week, but couldn't find seem to find a good spot. On our quest for barbeque, we found Rollin Smoke Barbeque. OMG this place is amazing and a hidden gem. Definitely off the beaten path, but well worth the drive. I had the Pulled Piggy Sandwich with Onion Rings and their Peach Cobbler. Their pulled pork was amazing. The meat was so soft & tender. Definitely going to recommend to anyone that's craving barbeque.
4	I normally dont like beef ribs becuase they are tough, but these were the best ive ever had
4	I love the clever menu like the BBQ Nacho Fries, BBQ Sundae, & the Outlaw Burger. The $8.99 Smokin Deals are a great value
5	What a Gem.  I am a Weekend BBQ ER  the food is awesome and the service was great too. I'm afraid this place is so so good that it won't be my secret anymore.
5	Friendly accomodating staff, large menu selection and very good bbq. A must visit for the bbq fan.  Excellent customer service.  Very easy to find. We had pulled pork and briscuit.
4	Awesome BBQ! Can have it mild or crazy insane hot. The sides are good and the yams are off the hook. Best yams I've ever had.
4	The Outlaw Burger is the meal cheat days were made for!It's gigantic and completely acceptable to share, weighing a monstrous amount and nearly filling an entire takeout box. Piled high with juicy, flavorful brisket (tastes like Texas!), crispy fried bell pepper and onion strings, cheddar cheese, and chipotle aioli, this thing is packed with big, bold flavors. The red cabbage slaw adds the perfect bit of crunch and acidity, bringing what could be an overwhelming mouthful flying back into foodie heaven.I would put this on the shortlist of requests for final meals, and that's a big deal- coming from Texas, it feels sacrilegious to list a NV barbeque joint higher than one back home, but this burger is beyond amazing and I'm pretty sure I'm going to have wet dreams about it.Initially we were turned away because they had "just closed" only for the owner to come chasing after us, insistent that we could still be served. Right after our order was placed, a family walked in and were turned away. I'm flattered and grateful that we made it in under the wire, but maybe turn off all of the neon flashy BBQ lights if you're closing so that you don't have to ruin anyone's day!
5	Hidden gem in Las Vegas. Walked in and immediately knew I was gonna love this place. Got the pit special with brisket, pulled pork and spare ribs. Great flavor with a slight hint of a spicy kick. Sides were awesome too, tried the corn nuggets, mac n cheese and fried onion strings, Delicious, Definitely wanna try their All You Can Eat $24.99 Deal. Servers were friendly, food came out quickly and loved the atmosphere, Cant wait to go back and bring people visiting from outta town.
5	Met up with some local Vegas friends on our last visit out there. This restaurant is hidden, located very close to a strip club, in a dark plaza, windows are tinted, and is missing a bouncer outside. However once you step in, it's like being in Texas again.You order up at the counter and take a seat. They bring your food to you. The cashier was cool and even know how to say my name correctly. Respect given. Like any good BBQ joint, they better give you a good bang for your buck. I expect finger licking seasoned grilled meats and a slew of sides. They sure didn't disappoint. They sure know how to rub their meats!Brisket: Seasoned perfectly. The best brisket in VegasSpare Ribs: Fall off the bone and flavorfulChicken: Not dry and seasoned very wellMashed potatoes: Buttered and smooth just the way I like itYams: Sweet and juicyCorn Nuggets: Awesome deep fried corn nuggets. Never had these beforeEverything pretty much was on par with great BBQ. Not Austin, TX great, but for anywhere else, it's up there. It's cheap and filling for some good rubbed meat!
5	Amazing. The sides may even out perform the meats. The corn bread was just pure butter. Waffle fries and fried onions were fantastic. Ribs smoked perfectly. Just go try it
5	Absolutely delicious. We ordered the outlaw burger, pulled pork, brisket, and chicken. All incredible. Tender high quality meat not overpowered by BBQ sauce. One of the owners greeted us and went out of his way to be kind and helpful. The chef brought us our food and have is free potato salad and banana pudding to try, which were most delicious as well. He even came out to check on us later. The owner was very proud of he and his brother's business and said it was the American Dream. Will definitely return here next time I'm in Vegas. This is some of the best BBQ I've ever had, topped off with excellent customer service.
4	Man this place is insanely good. I hope it stays a hidden gem. Their beef ribs are super moist, juicy and falls right off the bone. Brisket, smoked chicken and catfish are just amazing. I brought my father in law here, who is from the south, and he said this is the best southern food he's had since he left decades ago. Definitely my go to spot a least once a week. Dusty is also the man.
4	Items Selected:AYCE Plate 1 - Brisket, Pulled Pork, Spare Ribs, Corn Nuggets, Hush PuppiesBanana PuddingCorn BreadAYCE Plate 2 - Beef Rib, Smoked Chicken, Smoked Meatloaf, Loaded Mashed Potato, Fried Onion StringsPeach Cobbler with Blue Bell Ice CreamHaving recently returned from a Lone Star State tour of smoked meat Meccas ranging from Black's and Snow's to Pecan Lodge and Franklin it was with modest expectations but high hopes that I approached Rollin Smoke, a space many locals and critics have hailed as the best barbeque in Las Vegas, and opting to explore the menu through a generous $24.99 all-you-can eat program I must say I walked away a (very full) believer.  Located on South Highland where outdoor smokers and burning hickory alert the senses to something more than industrial surroundings Rollin Smoke is as small and homey as many a' Texas or Kansas City 'cue spots and staffed by Razorback pitmaster Trey Holland plus a dedicated team of enthusiasts the service is every bit on par with that down south - a true love of the art noted in lengthy answers to questions about woods, temperatures, and process while simultaneously making sure every guest is content.  Featuring a diverse menu with spices and rubs harkening the style of BBQ found across the south but a bit more aggressively sweet than that in Texas it was with a trio of smoked meats, two must-order sides, and buttery cornbread that I began and although brisket was a bit drier than I'd prefer the smoke was prominent and flavor was on point - a trend extending to fatty ribs and supple pulled pork that lacked not for juices, the latter falling just short of KC's Oklahoma Joe's reference standard.  Still nibbling at the creamy corn nuggets as plate two arrived it was here that I sampled Holland's two most raved items and with a blackened caramelized crust overlying tender flesh and melted collagen the beef rib wowed just as much as the signature meatloaf, absolutely rife with hickory notes and light heat amidst a delicately packed beef.  Ignoring decent but mundane chicken and mac n' cheese I found inedibly bland compared to the rich potatoes and previous fried sides it was with a duo of desserts that I rounded out the tasting and suffice it to say that while banana pudding tastes straight from a box the focus should instead be directed to the cobbler, a bubbling bowl of soft peaches with buttery pie crust crowned with Texas' own Blue Bell vanilla - a perfect end to a pretty damned good meal by any standard.
5	I read about this place in the LV weekly, and after all the rave they gave them, I decided to try it for myself. I've visited rolling smoke a total of three times, and every time I try something different that was just as good, if not better than the last item.First a warning, as soon as you walk into this place, you will experience an instant uncontrollable flow of saliva. The smell is just AMAZING! Now that you've been warned, lets begin with the menu. My absolute favorite is the rib plate and the brisket. The ribs are tender, full of flavor and just come off the bone with ease. The brisket is equally as delicious, with a good variety of BBQ sauces to complement the already great smoked flavor. A few tips:The place to me seems a little hidden, so GPS it for easy directions. You WILL come out smelling like smoke. The staff is helpful, so if you are unsure of what to get, just ask for their recommendations. Bon appetit!
5	We pickup parts next door to Rollin Smoke BBQ so this is a very convient place for us to eat. They also have sweet tea which helps on a hot summer day.Try the chicken sandwich with Mac n cheese. It cannot be beat
5	WOW! This place is amazing! I've been to vegas so many times wo even knowing about this place! SO glad I was introduced bc it is seriously one of the BEST bbq I've ever had in my life! Such a RANDOM location, but the definition of a whole in the wall restaurant. Tried the pulled pork sliders, waffle fries & baby back ribs...YUM! The bbq sauce has SUCH flavor & the meat tastes so smoky & DELICIOUS! Do yourself a favor & eat here!Will be visiting EVERY time I'm in Vegas!
5	Man I walked my 12 family members more than 4 miles up and down the strip today to come here and if it wasn't "DAM good" I was never going to hear the end of it! These guys were so courteous and sat down with us to explain the whole menu.  Everything  looked exactly like the pictures and tasted like real down home barbecue.  You have to visit this place when you're in Vegas.  Don't be scared to stray off the strip for some real food!
5	It is hard to imaging better BBQ anywhere.  The only place I have tried that compares is IronWorks in Austin, TX.  I had the rib special and the beef rib was perfect.  Clinging to the bone just long enough to fall off with a slight pull.  The pork was equally amazing.  I also sampled the meatloaf which had a unique composition and flavor I loved.  Staff was super friendly.  Right off the strip this place was surprisingly away from the crowds.  Will clearly do this place again.  It just might be worth the 5 hour drive by itself!
5	Incredible BBQ!!! A must have when in Las Vegas. Pulled pork nachos were delicious. Will be returning time and time again!
5	Brought my coworkers here. Some of the best BBQ I've had. Make sure you get the fried onion strings as a side. Sooooo crispy and delicious.
5	Came here again! See I told you we would be back! This time I had the half slab babyback with bacon potato salad. Country berry cobbler for dessert. Very good!My gf had the wings with mac and cheese.
5	Amazing bbq, some of the best I have ever had, good prices and excellent service! I will definitely come here every time i visit Vegas!
5	Service and food is top notch at Rolling Smoke.  Called in an order for pickup, lunchtime on a Saturday.  We ordered a 1.5 racks of ribs, 1 lb. beef brisket, 3 sides of BBQ sauce, sweet potatoes, & beans.   It got busy quick with all the customers lining up, made me glad I had called in our order early.  Our order wasn't quite ready when we arrived at 12pm as they were still packing the food to go, but the guy at the counter was very nice and offered us drinks while we waited!  We were in & out in about 10-15 minutes after I paid, had a drink of sweet tea, and received our order .  It smelt so good during the car ride home, we tried the food right away.  Ribs fell off the bone, beef was tender, and the sides were all super delicious.  We were very pleased with the smoky flavored barbecue goodness which easily fed a family of 6.  Just awesome food, we'll definitely be back for more!
5	Without a doubt, great bbq.  Looks like a dive, but the chickrn, brisket and pulled pork were awesome.   Only regret is this place isn't closer to home.
5	Went there for the first time last night. Coming from a local that's tried a few amazing BBQ restaurants in town, this is definitely #1. The owner dusty was awesome and came around talking to all his customers. I will be returning!!
5	Super good! Cute spot, no frills. The ribs were delish! Ordered the Mac n cheese, fried okra and hush puppies. All really good!
5	Here's the deal. For a while, I've been searching for authentic BBQ here in the city. Chains restaurants like Dave's and Lucille's are great but missing more of that southern down home feel. Enter Rollin Smoke, located in the shadow of the Las Vegas Strip, this small eatery is does everything right.We got here around the lunch rush, and had to wait in a small line to order. The host/cashier was Dusty I believe, friendly guy, and he was quick and attentive. Because the staff is well prepared, the food was out within 10 minutes, very quick for a BBQ establishment, and it shows great preparation.I ordered the Pit Special, and for 20 bucks you get a pick of 4 meats, 3 sides and a drink. That's enough food for 2 meals or to share. I ordered a piece of the catfish on the side, which was very good as well. Catfish is hard to perfect because you have to cook it through but not over cook it. I'm willing to attest that the catfish is about as legit as it gets.The meat itself was fantastic, the ribs were tender but not greasy. It was nice and smoky with a good texture. Someone on here said the ribs weren't "fall off the bone", which  is correct. That's not to say it's tough, because it's not. Being smoked they way they are, they aren't greasy, they pull off the bone with very little effort. That's better than greasy, mushy "fall off the bone" people talk about when they use that phrase.The sides were fantastic. The loaded mash was pretty good, not as good as some of the garlic mash I've had, BUT, excellent in it's own right. The mac and cheese was great. I'm kind of a mac and cheese snob, and nothing is as good as my moms homemade, but this was better than most BBQ/Southern restaurants. My one and only complaint was that the food could have been a bit warmer. That's it. For not much money you can eat like a king. Fast friendly staff, and great food makes this hidden gem a winner in my eyes.
5	BEST BBQ IN VEGAS!!!!! this place is awesome. the food was moist and tender the house sauce was out of this world delicious. I asked if they had a spicy BBQ sauce and the response was " challenge accepted". House sauce + Trinidad Scorpion = happy me. not only was it hot but the flavor was even better than the original sauce. Bottom line if you are in Vegas and like BBQ or Super Spicy food this is your place!!!
4	Wow, close to 400 reviews and I only heard about this place recently? How did I miss this? But then again, I rarely find myself driving on Highland Drive, which mainly seems to be a business district with strip clubs. Anyway, I'll try to keep it short and sweet. This place is all about the sides, I absolutely love them! I secretly think they are even better than the meat, LOL! My favorites so far are:Cheesy Mac N Cheese - very creamy cheese sauce, and they top it off with even more (shredded) cheese!Corn Bread - always hot and fresh! I love how they put a good amount of butter on them and are not dry! Corn Nuggets - one of the employees suggested that we try this, and I'm glad we did. Creamy corn on the inside. Crispy goodness on the  outside. Great with ketchup, A MUST TRY!Kicken Beans - I don't eat beans (unless they are soybeans), but my husband and friends have said that this was delicious. The one side I was not crazy about were the waffle fries. They were soggy and cold the one time I had ordered them. OK, OK, the meats are pretty good too. My husband and I shared The Pit Special and I did like the brisket and pulled pork. Both were juicy, tasty, and cooked perfectly. Their barbecue sauce is good, but a bit tangy. I still say it's all about the sides! :P The employees are very friendly. They walk about asking if you enjoy the food and if you are happy. Drinks, utensils, condiments and to go containers are all self-serve. Sometimes they can get crazy busy, where the line is out the door. You know what they say, the hole in the wall places are the best! I'm glad we found this spot, I think they have the best barbecue in town!
5	Came back again recently. I had to give them credit where credit is due and up my rating from 4 to 5 stars. Some pretty darn good BBQ, great sides, and awesome sweet tea. I will definitely be back whenever I'm in town. Can't go wrong, $11 for 2 meat, 1 side, & drink.
5	I seek BBQ wherever I go and this is the best I've had. It's an absolute go to every time we are in Vegas.
5	Why are you still wasting your time looking for over priced food on the strip. Quick head over to Rollin smoke barbeque and enjoy the best BBQ in Vegas.  I had brisket and pull pork only 10.99. You can't find that on the strip.
4	I found this BBQ place through Yelp.Location: We went at night, not a well lit parking lot or lit sign, we were near a lot of strip clubs, but the lot was full, so we decided to peek inside.Service: You get in a line, order and pay, and hope to find a seat. The wait was an hour to get our food. People who ordered after us got served before us, which was maddening. The staff brings your food, but that is all. Food: Big portions! Had that good BBQ flavor and they had 2 different sauces you could use. Overall: Staff could be a little friendlier and more helpful with ordering, maybe implement a seating system, and invest in some signage for the street that is lit for when its dark.
5	Found this place by yelp and stopped in for dinner with my gf... Cheap prices and amazing food :) highly recommended if your looking for smoked BBQ, I'll def return and recommend this place to others
2	This spot was all the hype it was even on the news. We went there last night. And was very disappointed. The ribs was fatty. No banana pudding and no peach cobbler. No potato salad. We won't be coming back. Very small dining room.
5	I have only eaten her once but I was impressed. When I first pulled up I was hesitant but after I walked in I no longer felt that. The staff was super nice and the food was very good. I will defiantly return.
4	Ok, saw this on triple D and have been looking for good Que since I have arrived 6 yrs ago. I think I have accomplished that! We had the mighty beef ribs, spare ribs, and boy were they good!Beef rib moist n meaty fun finger food. The 1/2 rack of the spare ribs... also tried the mac n cheese (forgettable.. Very creamy but no cooked crust and not so flavorful), and the kicken beans. I can't WAIT to go back.
5	Wow this hole in the wall rocks! Their food is great and huge and for a great price.  I took close friends there and they loved it ( being that they are over 6 feet tall and 200 plus and always hungry)
5	Well from being raised in the south and going to school in Texas I like to think I know a little bit about good BBQ. This place in my opinion has the best BBQ in Vegas! Everything about it reminds me of a down home southern BBQ spot! I usually get the pulled pork sandwich aka the "Pulled Piggy" and every time I get it it's amazing and constant! If your in the mood for some good down home southern BBQ come check this place out!!
5	I went here just expecting it to be another hyped up BBQ spot that was going to disappoint me, but boy was I wrong.  Immediately when you walk in the menu is right there HUGE on the wall, I loved that. I didn't have to strain my eyes to see anything and the menu was very straight forward. I ended up getting the Outlaw burger.................................................WOW!!!!! it's everything a burger needs to be. Everything complimented each other very well, the amount of sauce and toppings on my burger were perfect. I was just really shocked. As for my side, I grabbed waffle fries....which are always fire. Definitely hit this place up if you're looking for some real deal BBQ. They definitely have my stamp of approval!!
5	This place was recommended by a family member who aye here last week. Just got done running a 1/2 marathon and was looking for some protein. BBQ here we come! It was tough to pick one thing to get so we shared the pit plate. Pulled pork, tri-tip and ribs. Sides were Mac-cheese, greens, cole slaw and corn bits! Everything was so good. The smoke ring on the ribs were pure perfection and everything tasted great. They have this burger that is the size of a football and looks awesome, but it would take a REALLY big stomach or to be shared by two. It was too hard to find and it has lots of seating. Staff was awesome!!! Will return the next time we hit Vegas!
5	Ok this place is off the hook! Ate there last Tuesday April 15th, had the Outlaw burger and Mac and cheese, the wife had the brisket, chicken and pork baby backs. These guys know how to smoke meat, the bark is awesome and the smoke ring is perfect! The Outlaw burger is EPIC, it's made with their smoked brisket and is about 6" tall when served, good luck getting this in your mouth. The wife's ribs were cooked perfectly to competition standards and man what a flavor. We had to go back for round 2 and hit the place up on Saturday April 19th. This time I got the smoked meat loaf and a hot link, the wife got 3 types of ribs, the pork, the baby back and the beef rib. The meat loaf was the best I have ever had, smoked meat loaf is the the only way to make meat loaf, I can't wait to try it in my smoker! The wife's pork ribs were perfect again, but wait the beef rib is the bell ringer! This thing is actually prime rib on a stick (rib) it's about 3" thick and done perfectly, the smoke ring, bark and flavor are the radical, this is smoked prime rib at its finest. My only dig would be the hot link wasn't cooked enough (luke warm), but the flavor was great. We will be back, every time we are in Vegas, I can't wait!!On another note you'll be safe at this place, every cop in town eats there. 3 squad cars were in the parking lot when we pulled up and then 3 more showed up when we were eating. I don't know who was covering the streets of Vegas, but they were all eating well! I had to have the tee shirt, way to go Rollin smoke!
4	Tried this place after a search or barbecue in Vegas, still looking for a great spot.  So gave it a try and got the Biggin' sandwich which is a combo of their brisket, pulled pork and hot link all on the same bun.  The bun, is great. Soft and soppy.  The meat, 2 out of 3 were outstanding.  The hot links are great and made in house.  The pulled pork was as good as I've had in Vegas. Didn't care as much for the brisket.  I didn't hate it and it was tender, but it just didn't hold up flavor wise to the other meats.   Their Mac n cheese side was solid as was their peach cobbler.  Def gonna come back and work on some more menu items. So far this is the best BBQ in town.
3	Ok again I'm going against the grain and sticking to what I know, good southern bbq! This place is ok but far from the mark. The beef ribs were too fatty, the pork ribs weren't fall off the bone and skimpy. The flavor was pure smoke only. No real sense of the bbq flavor. The yams were drenched in liquid sauce and couldn't mix it in so it ruined it for me. And sorry to say as I was excited for cobbler, but this is far from cobbler! Gosh this is making a trip down south seem overdue! We called ahead our order and still waited a long time as they just said overwhelmed by orders. The little one wouldn't eat the ribs she was so excited for either. I so wanted to like this place so I can have a bbq place in town based on a lot of people's reviews but needless to say I'll keep on looking....
3	Okay so here we go the BBQ needed more flavor the top part where the smoke was was okay but when you get into the rib it had no flavor the brisket was the same way I'm a chicken was the same way really lacked flavor when you bit into it the rib tips however had a lot of flavor also good was the corn nuggets and the banana pudding the peach cobbler didn't float my boat now let's get onto the hamburger it had a lot of flavor is very moist and I would order it again but that's only if I go back I'm still looking for the best barbecue in Las Vegas and Dave's barbeque still is the best in my opinion years ago they had a gates barbecue in town but it closed down because the owners son like to gamble which is a shame because that was the best barbecue in Las Vegas they're also famous in Kansas City and still have a store there all in all not the best barbecue in Vegas I'm going to keep searching
5	When you think BBQ what do you think of? Famous Daves? Lucilles? Memphis bbq? I was confused for many years thinking that these three were the best of Las Vegas in terms of BBQ, guys listen closely.  ROLLIN SMOKE, BEST BBQ IN VEGAS!!!Location: Its funny when i tell people where this place is located since its in that desolate strip on highland near the Spearmint Rhino. Initially people are turned off, "you're taking me where?"  "Han take me back"  but once they have the food they go, "omg... Han pleaseeee take me back here"Service: Service here is great.  They try their best to get the customers orders as fast as they can despite being busy during the peak hours of the day.  Another big plus about this place is that the chef will come out when he has time to ask his customers how the food is and a brief history of the restaurant.  Nothing like the person who makes the food to really care about what the customers think, bravo!Food:  You really can't find anything bad to choose from but i'd avoid the brisket (a bit dry when i had it last time i was here)  Their famous outlaw burger is literally the size of your head.... like a mondo burger (good burger reference).  So juicy and literally will leave you so full, you won't be able to eat till tomorrow.BBQ: BEEF RIBS!!! that is all.  Literally picked it up and the whole piece fell off.  St louis ribs are also very delicious and juicy.  Meat is so succulent and the juices that exude out of the meat is parallel to wringing a wet sponge.  I might just pass out from describing how good the ribs are.Overall. Just go here!
5	Was looking for a burger, found this. This is a new must go-to place every time I return to Vegas.  I wanted to keep eating and come back again but we were heading out of town.  So super yum I can't even explain it.  Odd little space, but not important once you taste the food!  Really wish they had a place in the San Diego area.
4	Flew in just about 11 and had a couple of hours to kill before heading off to Fort Irwin. Did the tourist thing by visiting the Pawn Stars shop, then Yelped someplace for lunch. Husband really goes for BBQ, and this place had 4.5 stars. Must say that 4.5 stars is perfect. (Wish Yelp allowed half stars.)I had the club wrap, and husband had the pulled piggy sandwich and onion rings. The wrap and sandwich were great, but the onion rings were the best we've had anywhere. (Yes, I snitched some from husband.)Ordering was easy, and food came in about 7 minutes after that. Staff was friendly. Yes, it's a hole in the wall, but SO much better than visiting a chain restaurant when we're traveling. The atmosphere was fun.Will definitely try it again when in Vegas.
5	After an extensive search for a BBQ place on here. I decided to go with Rolling Smoke. I was NOT disappointed. This place is the shit. Straight up good BBQ. Great staff. A no frills setting with bench and park bench seating. Wasn't too hard to find either. The menu offered some great choices. I went with the half rack baby back ribs, beans and cole slaw. Man the Kicken beans was kicken. So tasty. The cole slaw didn't appeal to me too much. My wife loved it. The ribs were very tender and tasty. Adding their BBQ sauce only made it better. We also ordered corn bread. Omg that was da bomb. Buttery and soft. I really can't say enough abt this place. My only regret is that I don't live in Vegas. But hey it's a great reason to come back.
3	Came for the famed Outlaw Burger. Hoped that it would remind me of some burgers from restaurants I grew up with which are now long lost. It didn't.Food was OK. Service was quite nice. In the end, probably won't be back.
3	Hmph. So I had quite a disappointing experience here, so I'm giving a lower star. Here's what I had:  Out law burger- 5 star.  Meat is juicy and flavor is so rich and yummy. Share one with someone.  The pit Special (4 meats and 3 sides for $20) - brisket, pulled pork, 2 spare ribs, and since the hot links were out i subbed it with baby back ribs for extra cost.   Brisket was SOOOOOOOOO good. It was shredded up and looks just like the pulled pork to the point that my bf and I were trying to figure out which was which from our photo.  I didn't like the pulled pork (lacked flavor and was dry) and the spare ribs were okay.    Sides:  Hush puppies (meh), Corn nuggests (THE DEALIO IS HERE), and kickin beans (yes!)  My bf thought this place was so legit, we went back 2 days later. I asked at the front where you order SHOWING the photo of my original Pit Special plate and asked him which meat was brisket and which one was pulled pork. We wanted to get it right, because one was substantially better tasting than the other. And, it was confusing, since they looked exactly the same shredded up together. He told me that the one that I had liked was brisket.  SO, I order the brisket.  What do I get?  Sliced meat. It didn't look like anything from the photo i had shown or what I had eaten 2 days prior.  Not only did it look different, but It wasn't as juicy and didn't have the same texture.   I found out from the server that the brisket comes in two styles (shredded or sliced). It would have been nice for the guy that took the order to specify it for me if that's the case.  AND, I don't know how he can get it wrong after seeing a photo.   Not to mention, I ordered corn nuggets (cuz that's why i came back 2 days later) and when the server arrived at our table with our food, that was when I found out that they were out of corn nuggets. I had paid additional money for this side. So, I ask this guy how long it'll take to make them (because I was willing to wait for it) and the waiter told me "several days."     My friend went there 2 hours later, and told me there were plenty corn nuggets. WTH dude. I woulda seriously waited 2 hours for my corn nuggets. Or come back in 2 hours for it. But I was told several days, and I was leaving the next day.   When you're a vegas native and can access a restaurant any day, probably these things don't matter. But, when you're a visitor, a foodie, and you pick a restaurant out of all the choices available, it's disappointing when you don't get what you ordered.   Next time I go, I shall ask for SHREDDED BRISKET. It's SHREDDED BRISKET versus a BRISKET, y'all!
5	Wow! Wow! Wow!! The best, most authentic BBQ I have ever tasted! We went as a group of four and each of us ordered something different.  We wanted a variety of meats and sides.  The meats were so tender and delicious and bursting with a flavor.  They have a great selection of "sides" but the Mac-n-cheese was my favorite.  Not overly cheesy -- just perfect!  And then came dessert!  Absolutely amazing!  We tried the peach cobbler, berry cobbler and their famous banana pudding!  Oh my goodness! The banana pudding was the best I've ever tasted! Rollin Smoke BBQ takes the time to perfect ever aspect of their menu.  You will not be disappointed.  We can't wait to come back!
5	update 6/19 we have continued to visit and have seen the owners making changes to ensure everyone's satisfied. Back to perfect rating for my fave Q. Rolling smoke has been my favorite BBQ in town for over a year, love the brisket, giant beef ribs, and sides.  $24.99 all u can eat dine in special seems like good value. My issue is as it's gotten more popular the wait for ordering and food is tough, especially if I'm with my children. I don't see the owners in anymore and it's not as friendly. My last visit half my to go order was missing (after waiting over 30 min) and the employee made a joke that it was my fault because I initially didn't respond when my name was called (knew my order wasn't one bag).  I would have preferred apology for trying to send me on my way with half of a $40 order! Despite loving the food I'm hesitant to go unless during slow time
5	Omg so I went there yesterday and I can say it takes out famous daves the staff was so friendly including the owner one of the workers I forgot his name but he let us know how they started and everything it was nice that they take their time to talk to customers I loved the BBQ sauce and the damn hot sauce was really good too I walked out of there with 3 jars of BBQ and 1 of their Rub to bring back home .... When I'm in Vegas again this will have to be one of my spots to come to :)
5	My husband and I made a point of stopping here today while on vacation. It's only a few minutes from the strip (2 miles from the Monte Carlo) and is well worth the trip. We both went with the all-you-can-eat deal ($24.99, anything on the menu). I did two rounds: #1 - beef rib, BBQ nacho fries, baby back ribs, cheezy mac and cheese and bacon potato salad. The highlight was definitely the beef rib - juicy and meaty. Round #2 - smoked meatloaf and another baby back rib (no sides). My husband did three rounds - with the shrimp and hot links being his faves. This place is definitely worth getting off the strip for. You won't be sorry.
5	The food was soooo good. The meat was tender and the sides were delicious.  I ordered the brisket and rib combo and it did not disappoint.  Staff was friendly, attentive,  and courteous.
5	The best catfish I've ever had. The service is awesome. They've created a family environment that's unique. People were talking to each other like we were all guests at someone's house. Mamas banana pudding tasted just like my grandmothers.
4	Started off trying out Rollin Smoke Barbecue around two years ago with my wife and a friend. Our experience left a lot to be desired as our ribs were tough, pork was fatty with no taste and chicken was very dry. We decided then to not come back.Fast forward two years and WOW, what a difference, This food is dynamite!!!Let me start with my favorite menu item, the beef ribs. These things are insane tender with a ton of flavor yet simple, literally fall of the bone, fall apart in your mouth and moist with a great pink smoke ring. The server that brought my food told me it was like "prime rib on a stick" and boy was he right! Bring your appetite if you order these, they are huge.Brisket is darn good as well. Great flavor, nice deep smoke ring and thinly sliced. I have been back three times in the last two weeks (Hi my name is Paul and I'm addicted to good Q) and I have yet to get any point, only flat. I one day will ask them if they are smoking full packers or just the flats. If you ever get the opportunity to get smoked brisket point don't pass it up, it's heaven! (Point brisket is where the "burnt ends" come from) Pulled pork is good, but this is where they lost that coveted fifth star from me. I know it's tough to please everyone ( I have been doing BBQ catering for years) but I believe it's a big part of pulled pork to have a finishing sauce added when you pull the shoulder to add that extra level of flavor. I use a home made clear eastern Carolina style finisher on mine and everyone loves it. In all this is the best Q restaurant in the valley bar none and I am so happy to see a fellow pit master doing well on his own. While my co workers and I ate lunch today ( 5-1-14 ) the line of people went out the door and never let up the hour we were here. Rock on Rollin Smoke, keep doing it right, you have a loyal customer in me, but only when I'm not doin my own stuff!
4	This is one of those places you go when you just say F--- it diet, im going hog wild! Really decadent food, a great occasional treat
5	My new bbq place to go to. Best bbq spot in the valley!
5	Amazing!!! This place is a must.  Fantastic BBQ. Super friendly and attentive staff and don't even get me started on the sides... Bacon potato salad, corn bread and banana pudding.  This place is awesome!!!
2	I was going to be generous and give three stars but then I tried the peach cobbler. When I walked up to the podium to place my order I asked if I could sample their BBQ sauce. The man said he would bring out the house BBQ sauce and some type of sweet BBQ sauce. I did not like either sauce and this should have been an inclination of what was to come. I ordered the two meat plate with pulled chicken and pulled pork and for my side I chose the baked beans. 10 minutes later my food was ready. First, I tried the pulled pork and the pulled chicken and both were less then impressive. I used some BBQ sauce that I had at home to spruce up the meat. Next, I tried the baked beans. The beans were good, I liked the chunks of brisket and I think their house BBQ sauce tastes better when it is cooked into something. Lastly, the peach cobbler was inedible. I took one bite and that was it, all I could taste was nutmeg. Still in search of good BBQ in Las Vegas and that includes the sides as well.
5	I have been on the look out for outstanding BBQ in Las Vegas, and I finally found It!! I tried this place solely based on the yelp reviews, and you guys did not let me down!!I went on a Saturday night around 8:30 pm. The parking lot was packed, the outside picnic tables were packed, and there was a line out the door. The line moved quickly & we ordered within 5 or so minutes.The menu is huge, so it might be worth checking it out ahead of time. I ordered the Outlaw Burger with waffle fries, and my husband got the Duo plate with chicken & brisket. We, also, got a side of corn nuggets & a peach cobbler. With 2 drinks, everything came to $25.You order at the counter, and seat yourself. Drinks & silverware are self serve. And, when your order is ready, they bring it to your table. While we were waiting, I observed a few people who were obvious regulars. Another good sign.Every single item we ordered was excellent. The chicken was super moist and flavorful. The brisket had those delicious crispy pieces on the edges. Waffle fries were crispy and well seasoned. The peach cobbler was warm and gooey!! But, the rock star of our meal was definitely the Outlaw Burger. It. Was. Huge. Like 10" high huge!When we were wrapping up our leftovers, they didn't have a lid for our cobbler...so they gave us a whole 2nd one to go. It was a little thing, but their service really impressed me.We left super full, and already planning what we were going to order next time. I, also, like that they are open late since I'm a night owl.If you like BBQ, you need to check this place out!
5	We were in Vegas for our honeymoon and asked some locals about where a good place for decent priced food was.  It was hard to find, but once we found it we were thrilled!  We are from Texas, so we know BBQ.  I had the outlaw burger which was HUGE!  We should have just split it.  It had almost a meatloaf texture, but it tasted smoked and I had to eat it with a fork and knife.  My husband had a full rack of baby back ribs and they were as big as the beef ribs we are used to.  They were fall off the bone tender and we couldn't finish them.  We are big eaters but after this lunch, we skipped dinner.  The owners friend was the cook and he came out and talked with us.  He was super helpful on giving us pointers on what to order and what else to do while we were in town.  Everyone was nice and the food was great.  (it's three weeks later and I'm wishing we could go back for more).
1	we went there for lunch today had 3 meat tro and ala cart white meat chicken.first there sauce is awe full 2 the meat doesnt have a smokey flavor at all brisket uck! spare ribs tuff and no flavor, chicken bland and flavorless tasted boiled. Only things that were edible were  the hot links and the potato salad was dank. hands down worst bbq Ive ever had   bar none
5	WOW!The food is amazing....best item by far is their beef ribs and their sauce is oh so delicious.For some reason I was thinking that they closed at 10pm. I just now realized they close at 8pm, which was the time we arrived at the spot. Not once did any of the workers mention this to us, they are so friendly and welcoming. I must've took forever to figure out what I wanted to order too - now I feel so bad for being a douchebag customer LOL. I even ordered it to go then we ended up eating there instead....and still, not one mention about their closing time. Thank you guys for allowing us to savor your wonderful product way past closing...kudos forrealz! On top of all this, hubby asked me to order another rib piece to go - and boy did we luck out. They happily took our order and sent us off with two pieces instead of one. WINNIN!Beef ribs = easy 10+Cheesy mac n cheese = 10Rib tips = 8Peach cobbler = 9Customer Service = 10+Likelihood to return = you betcha!If you're a first timer, don't let the location sway you...you will sorrily miss out!
4	Really good BBQ in Las Vegas served here. A bit off the beaten path, but not far from the strip and pretty easy to get to from the highway (15). Family owned it seems, friendly service. I like the menu a lot. Decent mac & cheese, slaw, and other sides, and interesting items like wraps, stuffed with meat and other fixings. There's even fried fish if you're in the mood, and yes, it's just as tasty as the meat. The prices are reasonable, and the wait is never too long, even on busy days. I started eating here every time I needed my BBQ fix - check it out.
4	I can't give this place 5 stars because the brisket & sides were quite underwhelming. That said, the spareribs (naked, of course) and the bread pudding (flavored with Heath bar on this particular night) were absolutely to die for! Our server (his name escapes me, but he was a big Okie dude) was very personable & very knowledgeable about the menu. We'll definitely be back!
4	Big portions and friendly staff!
5	great service, reasonable prices, and really good food.  I had the dad sandwich and my wife had the potato with pulled pork.  Both had a good smokey flavor.  The sauce was not too sweet.  And had the berry cobbler for dessert.  It was good enough, where I considered having it more than 1 time, in the same vacation!
5	Oh my gosh I am mad I didn't know about this place sooner! Everything was amazing! If you are in the mood for BBQ and don't really need the "dining" experience that Lucille's or famous Dave's provides this is the place to come! They are by far better then both! The gentleman taking the orders was helpful to is first timers, funny and knowledgable! The food comes out quick so if you are in a hurry you won't wait long. I truly enjoyed everything we ordered - pulled pork, spare ribs, chicken, brisket, cheezy Mac and cheese, kicking beans and waffle fries. In saying that I do need to reiterate how delicious the waffle fries were. Normally when I think waffle fry I think slightly soggy. These were far far far from that in fact they were so crispy that I think you could cut paper with them.
5	Hands down ... best barbecue I've had so far!  Lucille's and Famous Dave's are delicious but do not even come close to this place.  You won't find the "dining experience" here that you would find at those other places which have that certain 'manufactured' feel.  I'm in no ways putting Lucille's or Dave's down because they are still good.  However, Rollin Smoke gives you plenty of delicious food at a very reasonable price.  Oh my gosh, the brisket was so full of flavor.  My friend shared one of his beef ribs with me and I just cannot desribe how heavenly it felt sinking my teeth into it. haha.  My only regret was feeling like crap after a sleepless night and with a hangover ... after all it is Vegas LOL.  I really wanted to come here again on my last Vegas trip but too bad I was sick.  I came here solely based on awesome Yelp reviews.
4	The best Ribs in town!  Everyone there is helpful and the service is good. My only complaint was the last time I was there my order was incorrect. The food was still great, and after a phone call they did apologize for the mistake.  I would still say "GO THERE" you will not be disappointed.
4	This place was good, I will have to go back and try more menu items.  I kept it simple and got the bbq pork and chicken wrap with loaded mash and sweet tea.  Everything was good I think the wrap could have used more sauce however I did add bbq myself and that was good as well.  The sweet tea was good and the loaded mash was pretty good even with a little bbq sauce on it.  I want to try the ribs and more will definitely come back.  More of a quick eat or take out kind of place.
4	I had trio special. Hot link, brisket and chicken.  With corn nuggets. It was fabulous. Service was top notch. Only thing that sucks. Parking.
5	Like a pimp, Rollin Smoke BBQ is whoring out their entire menu for $24.99.  That's right....You ever walk into a BBQ joint and want to try everything on the menu?  Well here you can.  I wish I would have noticed that before I ordered.  Just the $28 rack of baby backs would have made it worth my while to do the all you can eat.  Smoked Meatloaf sounds awesome, and the burgers looked great too.  You can bet I will be back to try them on my next Vegas trip.  Truth be told, I should most likely give this place 4 stars, just based on what I ate.  The pulled pork was kind of a let down for me.  Not much sauce mixed in with it, I found it kind of flavorless, and not smokey at all.  However the sauce on the table added a much needed zing and saved it - 3 stars.  The brisket was better and had a nice smoke ring to it as well as a dry rub.  It was sliced in thick slices how I prefer it - 4 stars  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=dTv25Jp39MplokBxlgRkkg#0Lk8zyIUqCEMxyYmpGMTygThe baby back ribs were the best of the three meats that I tried.  They had a nice bark to it, but still fell off the bone.  There were plenty of meat on these ribs and it was clear they were slowly smoked and had a great hickory flavor to them.  Ribs are always the main test of BBQ for me and these baby backs clearly passed the test and are darn good - 4.5 stars http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=dTv25Jp39MplokBxlgRkkg#fSy8vbKrCQuI8Sgv8I5qmAFor the sides we tried the bacon potato salad, the kicken beans, the mac 'n cheese, and some sliced pickles.  The pickles were very good and had a nice vinegary flavor to them.  It's clear they will stand out well on any of their sandwiches.  Tasted exactly like the large dill pickles you get at Disney, in case you need that for a reference.  The kicken' beans, lived up to their name and had some spice to them along with a good peppery flavor.  There were some shards of brisket added in for some smokey flavor.  I personally prefer sweeter southern baked beans, but for some reason those are hard to get outside of the south.  Bacon potato salad, could have had more bacon in it as I couldn't really find any in there.  I still enjoyed it and it had a texture of a smashed potato salad.  The clear star of the show was the mac 'n cheese.  Some of the best I've had, it's very cheesy and creamy.  I don't see myself ever coming here without getting a bowl of it.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=dTv25Jp39MplokBxlgRkkg#ph5LXQhF8FkZ-8nd6jVSfwAlthough we were plenty stuffed, I noticed a free dessert with check in.  All the desserts sounded great, but we went with the banana pudding.  No matter how full you get, for some reason, you can always manage a little banana pudding.  It just kind of slides down.  Rather than vanilla wafers it was more of a swirl of vanilla crust in the pudding.  It was ok, but I think I would try another dessert next time - 3.5 stars. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=dTv25Jp39MplokBxlgRkkg#B-ruv_7a2ibeC_2NaLAEWwI love the vibe of this place, it's clear these are men living their dream.  The toys they have to play with in the parking lot are impressive, all kinds of mobile smokers and dressed up cars and trucks with their logo painted all over it.  It's like the bat cave of BBQ.  Holy Smoke Batman....To the Rollin' Smokemobile Robin!  And just like that they are on the move to provide smokey BBQ goodness wherever hungry folk most need them.  Also make sure you visit their party room and you will find a fun pig shaped fish tank that looks like a BBQ smoker.  Look inside and rather than coral you have all kinds of smoked meats for the fish to swim with.  Hit the button and smoke even comes out of the top of the tank.  Apparently this tank was featured on Animal Planet's show - Tanked. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=dTv25Jp39MplokBxlgRkkg#QMwyRQhoijuHeKKEaQLoeAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rollin-smoke-barbeque-las-vegas?select=dTv25Jp39MplokBxlgRkkg#VrpJ5wb8xPouU_LyfaecEw
5	Went here today and it was off the hook.  Im from Louisiana and my buddy is from Tennessee and this joint is by far the best BBQ in Vegas.   It definitely brings the southern feel to Vegas....  chef is awesome......
5	This is a go-to for my husband...decided I had to try it. Got the trio of sliders with pork, brisket and the spicy sausage. Om nom nom. The Kickin beans are hot and tasty. Bonus: I checked in and got a free peach cobbler. Fantastic. I'll be back to try the ribs.
5	After sampling the brisket, pulled pork and hot links, I can safely say the meats alone are plenty of reason to come here. The smoke ring on the brisket looks like perfection and tastes like a gift from above. Sampled sides were a delicious mac & cheese (with two home made pickles hiding under the styrofoam bowl) and these fried creamed corn poppers that cannot be properly described in text - they are a delightful experience. The home-made house sauce is bold and flavorful and more than enough for most meals, but there are two more home-made sauces as well - a sweet sauce that compliments the pork very well, and a "damn hot" sauce that is very tasty and has a sneaky heat that gets you after the second mouthful. Great meats, excellent sides, great sauces and a friendly staff make this place a must-visit on your next trip to Sin City.
5	I walked into this place and almost walked out due to the diveyness of the place.  As I was standing in line, 3 separate people told me how good the food was.... and holy crap were they right.  The food was AMAZING!!!  I plan on hitting this place up every time I go to Vegas in the future.  The prices are very reasonable too!Expect a ghetto ambiance and go there for the food!  You won't regret it!
4	Big Bang for the Buck"They do not skimp on the portions. We shared the Pit Special (4 meats 3 sides and a soft drink). For 20 bucks you can't beat it. Here is my analysis of the components. Brisket... nicely cooked but somewhat dry. (Put a little of their sauce on it.) Pork ribs... the huge fatty ones. Nice taste but too much fat. Chicken... very good. Hot link... spicy but excellent. Now the Sides: corn nuggets, excellent. Jalapeno cole slaw, a little short on taste. Bacon potato salad, excellent.Next visit I would try the baby back ribs.Don't trust Google for directions. It's not an easy place to find.
5	OMG!!!  My boyfriend and I tried Rollin Smoke BBQ for the first time tonight.  Can you say YUMMY and SCRUMPTIOUS???Let me start off by clarifying that this awesome restaurant is NOT in the ghetto.  It is in an industrial area.....big difference.  We found it to be clean and very comfortable!  Great service.....they made you feel welcomed, like you are a part of the family.  We had the 4 meat combo with 3 sides and the hot wings.  All items were super yummy!  The brisket was moist and basically melted in your mouth!  The ribs fell off the bone and were very tasty!  My boyfriend is addicted to wings.  He could not stop raving about their wings!  Next time, we plan on trying the "damn hot" version.  The hot link sausage and chicken were delicious also!But let me tell you about these addictive corn nuggets!!!!  Woohoo!!!!  Sweet and yummy bites of heaven!!!  YOU must absolutely try these morsels of yummy goodness!We will definitely return for more!!!  Thanks guys!
5	We drove down from Hurricane, Utah and had to try this place. This place did not dissapoint .For starters the corn bread is the best we have ever had! Period. It was light and not dry, didn't need any topping.The different meats, baby back ribs, pork ribs, beef ribs, pulled pork, brisket, and chicken were superb. the beans were spicy  and good. The sauce did have too much kick for us, so we left it off everthing. Can't wait to try something else next time. We talked to the owner, an Arkansaw young guy,, real down home freindly.
4	Keeping this short and sweet.This was stop #1 on my Food Adventure Bachlorette Par-tay! One afternoon - 4 restaurants off the strip. Exploring was fun :)Living in Oklahoma has lent me a very specific palate for Que.  I like my meats with little sauce and plenty of seasoned flair. Rollin Smoke could give the mid-west a little competition! We were also fortune enough to drop by on a day where they were setting up a photobooth for a children's charity.The decor was minimal, as it should be. Sort of picnic style. Ordered at the podium.There was plenty of room for large groups. My party consisted of 7. We order a couple things to share and it was more than enough.Chicken and pulled pork. Holy. Hell. Both were super moist and tender. The chicken was my favorite by far. Nice smokey goodness. It had great smoke flavor and fell off the frekkin' bone. My two favorite things!Brisket- Sad to report that it was too dry for me.Kudos Rollin Smoke! I'm bring the man zone here when we're in town!
5	Until otherwise Rollin Smoke is King of Las Vegas BBQ.This is the best example of a small business that through word of mouth has become a smash hit with people everywhere!!! Rollin Smoke has come along way in such a short time, I remember when you could see the chefs in kitchen cooking up a storm from the front counter and the area when you walked in was the only place to sit.Situated between the strip and the 15 highway, Rollin is on South Highland Dr inside a small strip mall. You will see the smoker and or food truck out front, so be sure to keep your eyes peeled.The best recommendation for a Rollin Smoke lunch or dinner is: Everything..... From the Ribs to the Brisket and home made deserts, this place won't disappoint you. If your hungry go after the Outlaw Burger... It's one tough burger to get into, and you will be full after.I will say due to being on a few tv shows recently, the lines might start to increase, so get in early!!!!!OverallPrice: $$Drink: 3-5 (soda - no booze)Food: 5-5Service: 5-5Come back: everyday if I could Catering:I'll add In here I had Rollin Smoke come to my house and cater my sons 1st birthday... There wasn't to many kids mostly adults.The guys were amazing, coming early to setup and checking in on every one to make sure all was good throughout the party. Bringing in a smoker to cater the party was also a pretty awesome choice, I'm pretty sure the neighborhood was drooling at the smell. Highly recommend for anyone and everyone... Also a real decent price....Overall: top shelf
5	Hand down the BEST BBQ I've had in Las Vegas!  Beats the pants off those chain places and Big Mike is down home good people!  Stop in and git ya some BBQ and homemade cobbler ... you won't leave hungry.
5	Had the burger,  it was the shizzznit. I will definitely be back.  I plan on trying everything on the menu.  I will be back soon.
5	A fellow BBQ nut that was visiting Vegas a few weeks ago told me about this place and that I had to try it out... So here I am on business and I found time on my last night to go.Wanting to try several things and leave my options open, I went for the $25 All you can eat.  It is not buffet, don;t worry, they ask want you want to start with and bring you more of anything on the menu.  I started with the brisket, pork ribs and the beef ribs my friend could not stop taking about.  These are not your normal small, barely any meat back ribs, these are short ribs, and contrary to the name, they are not short or small. These are the "Dino Ribs" and full of tender flavor.Enough of that, the Beef ribs were among the best I had, the brisket was a lean cut, I wish I asked for the moist / fatty , not sure if they have it, but that is what I try to get.  I found this brisket to be pretty good, tender & flavorful, I just prefer mine from "The Point"The Spareribs had a great flavor, the right 'bite', you do not want fall off the bone, many may think that, but the best have a bit of bite, but are also tender.  These were so.The service was great, the guy that took my order was patient, he may be the owner, not sure, but worked with me on my order to make sure I got want I wanted.  The servers brought out my food promptly and since I had the all you can eat, they refilled me with more brisket beef ribs at my request.
5	I am a BBQ lover as other food items. I have tried several places here in town, one of them being a chain which was THE WORST hands down (no names mentioned).  Then my husband was introduced to Rollin Smoke and I have been addicted ever since!  A very small place with a BIG MENU! I have tried many things there and my favorite by far is the Beef Rib order. I  So meaty and tender I can't get enough! The Baked Potato "Spudtastic" is a meal in itself! You can order it with whatever meat you like and it is Loaded! If you are getting sides, don't leave without trying the Kickin Baked Beans, full of meat and flavor with a little spice kick!  No matter what you order, there is NO LET DOWN HERE!
4	What can I say, best BBQ in Vegas. No question. Everything is yummy but the cornbread is a must. Even the smoked chicken is soft and moist. They don't kill the flavor with too much sauce like some places. Prices are very reasonable, and the staff is super friendly and helpful. The location is in an industrial area but don't let it scare u away. It's a bunch of "normal" people eating inside ;)
3	3 stars because appeasing to the masses, sometimes, comes at the cost of dullness.Smoked meats are fantastic, but without a uniqueness in choice of woods ( Bleh - traditional mesquite and hickory  :-P ) or without some real body of unique seasonings,,, what have ya got?  If flavor WAS there,, I didn't taste it, and I ate slowly. I had the pulled pork and brisket. Both of these should be oozing with flavor.. I had to lightly sauce every bite to enjoy it.However, the brisket was cooked perfectly, pork a little over but no biggie..the table-side sauce is excellent which got me thinking... Maybe that was their intention? To leave it bland and let the customers sauce it to their liking?In Vegas... No balls no blue chips.
4	Ok, for you out of towners. This place is located in the industrial district part of town. In some ways it reminds me of having BBq in the Midwest. The decore is very, very simple.  When you enter i was greeted with a large menu on the wall, and a gentle men standing at a tall podium, I felt as if I was ordering from Bbq god, later found out that I was!! The food here was awesome I ordered a Trio: brisket perfect smoke and great seasoning. Pulled pork flavor was spot on yet a little dry, nothing a little sauce didn't fix.  Ribs were the best I have had in LV. A friend of mine had the outlaw burger and I tried a small bite.  Perfect balance of flavor, my only suggestion is to not over mix the ground meat, also mix the meat when it is really cold. The texture of the burger was off for a med/mid rare burger, really dense as if the meat was over worked, it was like meatloaf. Other then that, its worth the wait. This will now be the only place I will go for Bbq for a while.  GREAT JOB, R&S!
5	This place is awesome food here is excellent. I would really recommend getting the ribs they are so good. They fall right off the bone yet still retains a nice bite that you would want to get from a good piece of meat. Their sides are also really good the cheesy mac is super creamy and cheesy. The prices here are also pretty good. I would not consider it cheap but its a good value for the quality and amount of food you get. Service here is really good too. Everybody is really nice and helpful. Sometimes when it gets really busy it gets a little chaotic due to the tight space they have but you can still tell everybody there is giving it their all to try and provide the best service they can.
5	Best BBQ I've had.We stopped here for a late lunch on a Saturday afternoon. It's in a strip mall located near a Christian radio station and other assorted businesses.I had the BBQ club wrap and DAMN was it good. Delicious, filling, tasty, flavorful, cheesy, meaty. Plus they have sweet tea and I'm a sucker for sweet tea.The man had 1/2lb of brisket, and it was sooooo tender and delicious.Did I mention the BBQ sauce on the tables? Delicious.Our friends got a plate of various ribs which were fall off the bone good, and the same wrap as I.You must try this place!!
5	So far the best Hot Links I've had in Las Vegas (30 years). The service is friendly. More of a BBQ Joint than it is a restaurant.  Only downside is they are closed on Sundays which is my don't want to cook day. Looking forward to my return visit. Highly recommended for "backyard" BBQ lovers.
4	PRO:This place is and easy 4 stars.  The BBQ here is simply awesome.  The brisket was extremely tasty and tender (smoke ring very apparent, none of that reheated meat you find some places).  I also had the Pulled Piggy, my favorite by the way, with the sweet and tangy BBQ sauce provided on the table.  In addition, our table also had the short ribs and meatloaf of all things and to say say they were delicious would not be enough.  Eat here for great prices great tasting BBQ, it's as simple as that.CON:The only downside I could find and the reason for the 4 stars vice 5 is the wait time.  Understandably this place had a line outside but if the wait time could be cut to under 20 minutes a definite 5 star.
3	I saw this place on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives and thought I would check out something local the next time I was in Vegas (as in non-chain and not in a major hotel).  Pulling into the location, it looked a bit shady.  I hesitated.  Then I noticed there was a good sized line inside.  Maybe this is a local favorite after all then, right?  The staff was super friendly.  The food was meh.  I've from Tennessee and I grew up having great BBQ so this didn't quite meet my expectations, especially after reading all the rave reviews online.  I would probably not venture this way again, but I also wouldn't complain if I got dragged along with someone else.  Maybe I have a different standard, but I though it was just okay.
5	I tell everyone looking for a great BBQ here in Vegas that Rollin Smoke is the best in town! Maybe the best in the region. Starting with an option of all you can eat for just under $25 dollars (all day everyday, everything on the menu) and a large amount delicious sides, YOU CANT GO WRONG! *THE OUTLAW BURGER is the greatest burger. (beef patty with brisket, onions, bell pepper, onion strings, red cabbage, slaw, lettuce, tomato and cheddar.)
5	Yelp needs a new star rating for this place. Recently opened an office down the street and stopped in to get some lunch. The place is simple. Large menu on the wall, order counter, self serve soda machine. But that's not what makes them great. I ordered a brisket sandwich. WOW. It was awesome. I have been back every week sense that first visit and have tried many different menu items. Each one has been great. If you like food, you have to eat here. Don't be to choosy, everything is worth trying.
5	If you want some amazing BBQ this is the place.  I came here for lunch after hearing and reading rave reviews.  I came around 11:50 on a Wednesday and it was still busy.  That lets you know that this place is jammin.  Apparently you can call in the order and they'll have it ready when you come get it, (total plus in my book).  It's a little confusing to get to, but that shouldn't stop you at all.  I got the Spudtastic with brisket and a side of Bacon Potato Salad.  Everything was fresh and tasted amazing! This will definitely become a lunch/dinner regular for me.  The line never went down while we were there.Picnic style seating.  We sat at a table with some other people while waiting for their food and everybody was so nice.  Staff and regulars.Anybody who says this place is okay, and that  it isn't like "back home" is obviously prejudiced to wherever "back home" is.This place is awesome and definitely worth coming to!!
4	Having grown up in N.C. I'm a big fan of BBQ. Mainly pork sandwiches. I drove by this place twice and even heard about it through the grapevine. Overall, I would give it a B. I'm not comparing NC BBQ to Vegas BBQ, but some of the side items tasted a bit off and the prices were high.I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with mac and cheese. I should have noticed the word "pulled" pork as it has a different mouth feel than chopped pork. The pork itself was smoky and tender. Long strips of pork inside a hoagie roll. I added coleslaw to the top which was a mistake. The coleslaw (ugh) had chucky bits of cabbage stalk, jalapenos, carrots, corn and I swear I saw bacon in the mix. It wasn't sweet and it wasn't salty; It added nothing to the meal. The mac and cheese on the other hand was delicious. Oddly enough, it tasted like potatoes au gratin I just bought from the store. Aside from that awful coleslaw experience I would go back but not to order the pulled pork sandwich. The prices are a bit high and I wish tried something that was just amazing! I will have to go back when they aren't charging full prices such as after 5pm. Perhaps, the ribs and brisket are better.
5	Walked in and saw the Arkansas Razorback flag, and thought this place has to be good. I was wrong.....it's GREAT.  The baby back ribs were the best I've ever had. Ever. And I don't know what they do to the cornbread, but I hope they serve that in heaven. Good job!  WPS!
5	Definately try this place! We went with a large group and everything was delicious. They even gave us desserts because we mentioned Yelp.
4	As I write this I am about 60 minutes removed from the table and I am uncomfortably full yet wholly content. I was told about Rollin' Smoke Barbeque about a week ago and I have been wanting to try it since.  I can check that off the list now.  I went with a co-worker, the very same man who told me about it in the first place.  Immediately upon my exit of the car in the tiny parking lot I noticed the smell of BBQ smoke.  It was only enhanced as I entered the establishment.  Aside from the delicious smell of BBQ, which has permeated every fiber of my clothing and still lingers, I was greeted by a huge version of their menu posted to the wall.  I opted for the smaller hand held version though.  It was easier to read.  After looking at said menu for a few minutes I decided on the brisket dog.  I also ordered a side of corn nuggets based on reccomendations from my dining acquaitance of the day.  The hot dog was immense to the point where I gave up eating it with my hands and went with the fork and knife method.  It was a heavy gauge dog with a fantastic red color and the nice snap of a natural casing.  But it was difficult to actually see that beneath the truck load of fried onions, chopped brisket and nacho cheese.  What a gut buster this behemoth is.  Then there are the corn nuggets.  Little bite sized fried pieces of corny goodness.  It is best described as fried creamed corn.  It is crunchy on the outside and creamy on the inside with the sweetness I have grown to love.  Frying it just adds to the alure.  After eating the dog and these corn nuggets along with drinking a cup of lemonade, I am stuffed.
5	Man on man! Just got done eating here and it was awesome! There were things that I had that I don't recommend like the chicken and pulled pork..not the best that I ever had but you gotta put alot of bbq sauce on it...but the most amazing things were the fried catfish, beef ribs, pork ribs, corn nuggets,brisket, hush puppies. I like the environment here it's very casual where you order your food grab your own drinks and just wait for your food to come out. Plus they are open late so thank you for a great meal I'll be back
5	Bomb!!  Definitely must try everything we tried was fantastic the Mac n cheese, ribs, chicken,pulled pork brisket and peach cobbler!! It so hit the spot!! We will definitely be back and let are friends and family know about this place!!
5	Tonight was a good night for new culinary experiences. After watching the new Maleficent movie and having a few glasses of wine, we decided to make our way to Rollin Smoke. I have heard nothing but great things about this place. After checking Yelp, I noticed their 4.5 star overall rating with about 500 reviews. OH-EM-GEE, how have NOT been to this place yet?!?!It's not surprise, this place is in the middle of an industrial area, right under the freeway and next to all the strip clubs. Sketchy as heck, but holy smoker in their parking lot! The aroma of smoked meats filled the air. I didn't care what the outside looked like, I was more interested in what they had to offer! The inside of the joint is a down home BBQ joint! Different reds and yellows adorn the wall, different rooms to accommodate different types of parties. They have a few rooms and even outside space. There were metal table tops, wooden benches, TVs in each room and a mirage on the back wall of the room we chose to dine in.On every table there was a bottle of their homemade BBQ sauce. It was more of a vinegar base, a little too tangy but that's just my own taste. The staff was super efficient. The guy who took my order, I think was one of the owners. He was super personable and really seemed to care about how things were going, how I liked my food and really thanked me for coming in. For my meal, I wanted to try a few things. Here's what I got:Half slab of beef ribs, 2 bones, for $15.99. This Smokin Plate came with a side, I chose collard greens, corned bread or roll and a drink. The beef ribs were the best beef ribs I've ever had! It literally just fell off the bone, no joke. The rub they used brought so much flavor to the rib! Every bite was juicy, flavorful and packed with smokey goodness. The collard greens were cooked with brisket, had a little spice and vinegar and so good!Pulled piggy sandwich for $7.99. **There's a Yelp special when you check in** Every sandwich purchase comes with a free dessert. I chose the peach cobbler (usually for $3.99). The pulled pork sandwich was made with chopped pork, not finely shredded. I loved that because the meat had some depth to it. It was served on a hot dog bun which was different but seemed to work! The corn bread side was buttery and moist, probably the best corn bread I've ever had! I made a comment that my grandma's corn bread was unbelievable but this one gave my grandma's bread a run for it's money (Sorry grandma!).  As my free dessert, the peach cobbler was gooey and filled with chunks of peaches. I must say, this is THE BEST BBQ joint in Las Vegas, hands down. I've had a few BBQ joints here before but nothing compares to Rollin Smoke. This place really does a great job at serving great food. When I'm here, it's just good ole country fun. Looking around the dining area, every party seemed to have a huge smile on their face. I've been to lots of places down south, from Nashville, to Louisville, to Charlotte. BBQ joints different where every go but when you're in Las Vegas, you REALLY need to get your butts down here. You will NOT be disappointed!
2	I had brisket, ribs, and pulled pork. The brisket was so super chewy, the rib was far from juicy and tender, the pulled pork was better cooked but had lots of sinew in it. The bbq was probably the worst i have had it cooked. My wife had the catfish plate which was good. The bbq flavors were good just needed more love on the cooking side along with some care not to serve chunks of things people cant eat in there pork
5	I go to vegas quite often for business.  Because most of my associates are turning in their expenses for reimbursement, they opt for the fancy expensive hotel restaurants.  Me?  although i love a juicy $50 steak someone else is paying for, when i spend my own money, i love to find treasures like RSB.A hole in the wall that you need to travel off strip for in the industrial district, but, ROLLIN SMOKE BARBEQUE is well worth the effort!.  The menu is pretty simple but with a wide variety of options.  I asked for a suggestion and was told the brisket and rib plate with slaw.  FABULOUS choice!The brisket was tender and thinly sliced.  The subtle smoke flavor was deep in the meat.The ribs fell right off of the bone with just the right amount of sauce to compliment the meat.The slaw was fresh and spicy and had some corn in it to add to the flavor.Team was friendly.  The place was clean.If you are looking for a burger, i saw one being delivered to a table that looked incredible.If visiting from out of town and want a real treat at an affordable price, go here!
5	Places is great! Been there almost ten times. Never have I had a bad meal here. The people who own it are good peeps. Also the place is reasonably priced. Hands down best bbq spot in town.
5	Quite possibly the best rib place I found here in Vegas... While I love other places, not to mention those other places are good... For the price, environment, and service, I definitely will be back here and also continue to being friends... Beef ribs, all kinda of ribs, in fact the whole menu is just bomb...
5	Hidden in the back streets near the I-15 freeway, this is a true diamond in the rough.  This is the most tender BBQ I've ever had.  They use a dry rub and the focus is not on the BBQ sauce (they only have one type of sauce), but on the taste of the meat.Ordered the rib platter special which includes one beef, two spare, and three baby back ribs and one side and drink as recommended by Dusty.  This is a great deal at $17.99 and I could barely finish everything (not to mention that I skipped lunch).  Also, the special lets you try the different types of ribs, just in case you not sure what to order the next time.My favorite out of the three is definitely the beef rib.  It's huge, something that you what expect if you were Fred Flintstone.  The meat just falls off the bone, I mean literally.  This is not easy to do, as other beef ribs I've tasted didn't even come close.My second choice would be the baby back ribs followed by the spare ribs.The service is extremely friendly and helpful, Dusty was very patient and thoroughly explained what he recommends.  Just about everyone asked how my meal was.  It's a sit down but someone would come by to drop off your food by calling out your name.Highly recommended, well worth driving to from the Strip or Downtown.
5	First off, when you get here you wonder if you are the right place. It looks like a hole in the wall from the outside and it isn't in the safest of places (late at night). But once you walk in, you are greeting with a delicous smell of BBQ and walls of true Razorback fans! The inside is completely different the outside. This place is true BBQ. Everything was fantastic and the owner is really, really nice. We all got something different and there wasn't one back thing. I got the beef ribs which were literally fall off the bone. We also got the smoked meatloaf and pulled piggy sandwich. The piggy sandwich was very tender and moist but the star of the meals really was the meatloaf. I don't like meatloaf but I liked this one. It isn't your traditional meatloaf, it is smoked and BBQ. So very good. The portions are huge as well! You really don't need too many sides if any but if you do get some, the greens are good, yams and mac n cheese are good! I bet the rest are as well. I highly recommend going here! Yum!
5	This is a real hidden treat off the strip. When you walk in, you order at a podium then sit either inside or out at big picnic tables. The food is brought out to you fast and is delicious. We ordered the Outlaw Burger, the beef ribs and sides of greens and cornbread. The burger (which is HUGE)  is made of brisket and is topped with cabbage slaw, fried onion strings, chipotle aioli, lettuce and tomato and was perfectly cooked. The beef ribs come with two bones and are Flintstone size. They have the perfect amount of char and completely fall off the bone. The greens are cooked with brisket instead of bacon or ham and are well worth adding on as a side if not included with your meal choice. The cornbread was a little sweet for our taste but certainly good. Prices are very reasonable. As new residents of Las Vegas, we will definitely be back.
4	This a review on the second time around. The first I went food and service was great the owner (who I believed to be) made sure we were fully satisfied. The second time however the service was ABSOLTUTELY HORRID. They took over an hour to bring out our food. The entire time they never put our order in due to horrible miscommunication that the server made us feel as if it was our fault! The guy even had an attitude. One of the mgrs on duty tried to offer banana pudding  without even knowing i dont like bananas. I even noticed him having some of his thumb in another customers dessert while he dropped it off! So all in all because of the food itself I round up 3.5 to 4. Hopefully the next time we wont have such horrible experience because it is so hard to find great BBQ in Vegas.
5	We ate here for the first time after hearing how great it was.I can't wait to go back.We ordered the 4 meat 3 side plate for $19.95.Great way to sample the food.Practically licked my fingers after we ate, it was that tasty.You must be patient as there is a line to order usually.All of the food we ate tasted fresh though.Great ribs and meats Worth a try and you will want more.
1	Just went to this place today...since quite a few ppl said it's the BOMB thought we'd try it... we ordered 2 duo plates: ribs/chkn w/collard greens & brisket/pork w/maccheese ...not sure if our expectations are too high but, we're totally disappointed. Portions are way better than Dickeys BBQ but the sides/meat are cold/bland. The sauce us good though... btw doesn't taste/or looked like it came right of the grill either should have taken a picture before we tossed them... and, we called our orders in 15-20 minutes early... still had to wait extra 15 minutes when we got there... just not "THE BOMB" BBQ that everyone has been telling us. We spent $23+ for the 2 combo plates. Southern Pines North Carolina Dickeys BBQ has been the best for us. Sorry for the negative review but I had to tell the truth. I'm sure you'll find my review with the rest of NOT so good reviews.
5	This place was incredible!!! I like my BBQ with the sauce on the side so that I can taste the meat. The brisket was tasty, the pulled pork was great, and the ribs were outstanding. I saw an AYCE anything of the menu for $24.95. That could be dangerous for me....
5	Holy cow talk about BBQ this place is awesome. It was my first time there and it was packed and now I know why. Food is excellent. Service is good. The meats are amazing had the brisket, chicken, beef ribs, Mac and cheese, salad etc....oh and the corn bread the best I ever had.
4	Oh man. BBQ. A touchy subject for many. A food I feel like I'd only have once a month. When the urge comes calling, this is where I'll be.Most important thing about Rollin' Smoke is the way they'll take care of you. These are some great people who care about the food they're making and your happiness when you walk out. With that said, I'll jump into what we had.- The Outlaw burger. I think calling this the best burger in Vegas is grossly inaccurate. I suspect there is actually better on the menu (which I'll have to try soon). The burger patty itself was huge and delicious. The toppings did not do the patty justice. Basically, a colossal pile of sliced cabbage and onion rings. Great as a side, no justice as a burger topping. But hey, that's just me.- The pulled pork and chicken with bacon wrap. This is my favorite thing here! Soft meats, juicy, and easy to handle. I loved this. So much savory flavor! Very satisfying. The tortilla-like wrap it's in might be grilled a bit as it was a bit greasy.- The trio, with brisket, ribs, and chicken. All three meats were very well seasoned. Loved all the flavors. The brisket was lean, good marbling, but dry. The ribs were large and juicy. The chicken was also perfectly cooked and still juicy.- Chicken a la carte. Hey, it's chicken! Good flavor and perfectly cooked, as I mentioned.- Side of beans. So good! Not too sweet or overspiced. I'm a sucker for good BBQ beans.- Side of mashed potatoes. These were tasty and filled with little extras like bacon and greens. A bit overspiced.- Berry cobbler (included for free with Yelp checkin at the time!). This was an unexpected delight. I expected a dessert packed full of sugar. What I got was just the right touch of sugar in a genuinely home-made tasting piece of cobbler.  Great crust and flavorful berries without intense sweetness. This is a good item to share with a lot of people.I'm definitely going to be back to try another burger but until then... this will be the only BBQ I go to when the craving strikes.
5	Haven't had BBQ this good since we lived in Texas!   3 meat platter was super tasty- got brisket , pork , and ribs.  Side plates were great.  The clientele was all locals; it's a little ways off the strip. No frills but a fantastic meal.My only complaint is they don't serve beer .
5	amazing food and service. the price for desert is a little bit much but i got it for free with my check in. never knew this place was here.
5	Hole in the wall kind of place but nice and full of picnic tables. Incredible BBQ and BBQ sauce. Everything was excellent. Probably the top five BBQ I've had. Friendly staff. No Alcohol sold there. Did I mention the food was great? This is a definite place I would use if needing to use for catering.
5	Absolutely delicious.  I wasn't sure about it when we pulled in at 830 on a Friday night but the second I walked in the door, I was greeted by the aroma of the sweet sent of BBQ. Pit Special is what was ordered and nothing of it was a disappointment.  I am pleased to recommend Rollin Smoke Barbecue to anyone looking for great cooking, mouth watering food.
1	Ordered a brisket sandwich and an order of baby back ribs and two drinks for 33 bucks. Over priced for the quality of the food. My order was to go and we ate the food about 15 minutes receiving the food. Brisket sandwich was horrible. It was so dry that I couldn't take more that 2 bites. Waffle fries were stale hard and cold. The baby back ribs we're ok but cold and they forgot the side item I ordered. Will never go back.
5	Finally, real BBQ in las vegas! If you havent been here you better make the trip! I've been to Franklins and Salt Lick in Austin and this is just as good.
5	Beef ribs. Got the full rack. Delicious and huge! Wife had the outlaw burger and it was very good as well. Will definitely be back
4	Going to make this brief and will update after I eat here a second time. Which will happen. This is really good BBQ. Not great but a heck of a lot better than good. Pork Ribs - 4 star Pulled Pork - 3 star Brisket 2.5 star Beef Rib 4 star So I recommend everything but the brisket was lacking a bit. Like I said just good. I enjoyed the hushpuppies, corn fritters, bbq beans Had both the Peach Cobbler and Banana Pudding and enjoyed both. I will write a more detail review soon as this place isn't great but it is really good and probably the best you will get in Vegas. And some of the food does almost get to the great line.As well looks like Review 200 was my favorite BBQ Joint and Review 250 is a BBQ joint that just missed making my top 10. To be fair it is fierce competition.
1	The food was good but service was questionable. Found a hair in my hot dog and the manager asked me what should he do and lied about not having someone with long hair. I ordered dessert and a worker with long hair brought my dessert out. The manager offered $5 in cash on my $60 bill. Never coming back
5	I cant believe I keep forgetting to review this place! This is by far the best bbq I have ever had. Yes the location is questionable. Yes the restaurant itself could use some work. But the food... The food is incredible. The ribs are huge. The sandwiches are huge. The loaded mash side is delicious. The banana pudding is to die for. Get over there now and eat!
3	Well this confirmed I should have rounded down instead of up after last time.  I think this place probably has its good days and not as good days.  Today was a down day and the 1st time was a better day.  I was at a 3.5 after the 1st time and gave it a 4, today it earned it's three.  Had the rib combo 3 baby back,  2 spare, 1 beef. The beef rib came out sauced,  I didn't expect that as it didn't last time.  I sent it back and asked for one without sauce. When I got the plate back it was the same rib with sauce rubbed off. This was highly irritating. Wonder what else was done to my food while it was sent back.  I don't dare to let my mind wonder that road.  I should have been served a new rib that had never been sauced.  Not one that was wiped off. Sigh, urg, I seem to be more upset about this the more I think about it. The beef rib was good this time not as good as the 1st time.  The baby backs were better than the spare but both were underdone as neither pulled away from the bone easy and were kinda tough, even though they had good flavor. Definitely not as good as the 1st time. The 1st time I also had the brisket which was above average but not great.  Also had pulled pork that was pretty good.  All the meats here do have varying degrees of a Smokey taste,  as well varying degrees of smoke rings.  So they are cooking these meats with the right methods.  For sides I have enjoyed the corn nuggets and fritters both times, but I am not sure if these are not just prepackaged items instead of homemade. Last but not least the desserts. I had the berry cobbler today.  I would definitely stay away from this item as it wasn't very good.  Ordering the peach cobbler and banana pudding seem like your safest and tastiest bets for dessert. In summary if this was my 1st time it would be my last time. Still can't believe I didn't get a fresh rib instead they just wiped it off. If this would have been my 1st time they would have been 2 stars based just on that fact alone. Not sure if I will stop back in here or not.  On a good day they are the best in the area. (Really no good bbq in Vegas, so thats not saying much (though I have one that just popped on my radar that I need to try), ). On a bad day well it is just okay. Your milage may vary.
2	The food was ok at best and a bit pricey.  The location of the restaurant is in industrial area off the strip and small.  Even though the restaurant is small there is plenty of room to sit comfortably.  The staff was ok but the food does take a while be brought out.  The restaurant has an offer on Yelp for a free desert if you check in.... make sure you let them know prior to finishing your order if not they will not honor it.  I told the gentleman at the register just as he gave me my total and another guy who was standing behind him said I should have told them earlier.  He made no attempt to honor the offer he just waited for my payment.
4	I usually question a place so close to a strip club, but the food was so awesome. Had the duo meat plate with brisket, ribs and mashed potatoes.  Yeah a real fat boy meal but I was starving. The brisket was very tender and tasty,  complemented by their super good bbq sauce that you should make sure you get more of. Ribs were also very tender. Not fall off the bone tender since the skin is cooked rather well but remains juicy. My favorite part of the meal though was the mash. Not to take away from other parts of the meal, this was just that garlicky, bacon infused, cheesyness good. Def worth it.
3	I have tried this place 2x so far...  The first time was about 9 months ago..  I thought it was just good a place that i dont mind going to...On that occasion i ordered a half rack of ribs, mac and cheese, mashed and 2 beef ribs..  I thought it was good..I went here recently with a friend of mine.. This time I ordered the meatloaf.. It was absolutely the best meatloaf i have ever had EVER... Cheesecake factory has a version of this but it does not even compare to this... It sat on top of a bed of mashed potatoes with this bbq gravy,, topped with onion straws..  I believe they smoke the meatloaf... Whatever they do,, I am a big fan... It was one of those meals that you will remember..  My friend got the outlaw burger,, He really liked it and it was impressive when it was brought out...  It looked like a mess to eat,, but looked good..  The desserts are decent but this meatloaf was slap your mother good...  Hope this Yelps11/232014It was about 11pm,,, i was really craving bbq,,  I remembered that Roling Smoke was open late... I ordered the rib combo... Lets just say dont come here for a late night meal,, at least this night...  All 3 meats were bone dry,, i asked for extra sauce,, but it wasnt  in my order,,, the sides were good,, but the berry cobbler,, seemed old... I have to admit it was after 11 but wow what a disappointment... I had to remove a star,,   I will try them when i think the meats would be freshest... Remember based on my experience,, I will not eat here again after 7 pm on a weekend...
5	Wow this place takes the cake for best hospitality. It is rare nowadays to find a good place with superb service and have the most amazing food. This place takes care of you like family! On to the food:The corn fritters... OMG! Can I say a party in my mouth?!!! I could probably eat these forever or until I get a heart attack. I was never one for corn fritters but this totally converted me! The outlaw burger: totally agree with reviews of having the best burger in vegas. Prepare to share as the portions are huge! Or don't share and keep it all to yourself  Will definitely be back for this place. Thanks for an amazing experience!
5	Rollin smoke catered a 150+ resident pool party for Sky Las Vegas Condos. Amazing, everyone loved the food. Chef Tim, his crew were on point and everything was served hot, fresh and absolutely delicious! I had so many people tell me "this is their new favorite bbq" We will be using them again!!
5	I cannot wait to go back! The food was awesome! I had the brisket and chicken which had great Smokey flavor and wasn't smothered in sauce.  The prices are reasonable and there are a lot menu items to choose from.  My roommate got the burger and enjoyed it.
5	I actually signed up to write reviews just because of this delicious BBQ place!  This little BBQ joint is legit southern style great BBQ.  First off, it's not a real BBQ place until it has fried okra as a side and this place delivers on that as well as so many things.  Sweet Tea, yep it's effin delicious too.  The meat we had as our dinner were- ribs (fall off the bone when you pick them up) brisket (tender and it's got that gorgeous pink smoke ring and amazing flavor) and smoked sausage (has just the right amount of spice too it!) sides- okra and mac n cheese.  We are from Oklahoma and miss the craft and care that goes into smoking and creating amazing BBQ but we don't have to miss it anymore!  Service is amazing and friendly and we plan on taking our friends and family that visit us!  Thanks to the staff for the warm welcome and friendly atmosphere, seriously can't wait to come back and next time I'm going to have the berry cobbler too!
5	On the way back from Zion we stopped at Rollin Smoke BBQ, it was easy to get to off the freeway and soooo good! The beef ribs were incredible, like one dreams about. Good portion size and a nice low key atmosphere with a couple of different seating areas. Will be back!
5	This was our first time going here to this restaurant which was really good. The burgers and brisket are highly recommended. Not too crispy and not too chewy, it was a great BBQ meal. To top it off, put the delicious barbecue sauce on it. The prices were not high either for such great tasting food. Service was quick and helpful. Overall a fantastic place for lunch or a group dinner.
5	Two words: freakin' awesome. If you love BBQ this is a must. A little out of the way but worth the drive/cab ride. You will not find such awesomeness on the strip...and super reasonable prices. Their burger was amazing-it was actually smoked! Their banana pudding was simply perfect. I have never had a better one and I'm a bit of a banana pudding addict. Just go- you will be so happy you did!
4	Oh man this place has delicious ribs the meat falls right off and they have this tangy/hot sauce so yummy with the meat. We got some sides with our meal mac and cheese and mashed potatoes I wasn't impressed they didn't have any flavor and the mashed potatoes were room temperature, that's why I gave them 4 stars.
2	What a disappointment! I have to wonder about the validity of all the positive reviews.Great service? It's literally nonexistent.I had beef ribs and one of them was 95 percent fat. The barbecue sauce tasted putrid for want of a better word, like it was unrefrigerated for a long time.We split a four meat platter as well and nothing about it was in any way remarkable. My wife commented that the ribs at the Gold Coast buffet are better, and I agree.She ordered onion laces and they were just a pile of greasy limpness. I wish we would have taken a picture.This place is nothing more than mediocre at best. Don't believe the hype on here. Plus, it is nearly impossible to find.
4	Baby back ribs, slab, pulled pork, all smoked to perfection. The beef ribs were a little dry. I like very saucey BBQ meats and this isn't what they serve. Their sauce is thin, not over-powering. If you like good, dry rubs or just good meat, eat here. So many options to pick from! I wanted to try the wings, brisket, bacon potato salad, burger, onion rings...It may be worth it to starve yourself for a day to get all you can eat for $25. Really cool vibe! Picnic benches indoors, simple podium to order from, really enjoyed it!
4	I was really looking forward to trying this spot, I had it in my bookmarks forever! But unfortunately my mind wasn't quite as blown as I had expected. Perhaps I didn't do enough yelp researching to make an educated order. I got the pulled pork and hotlinks with mac and cheese and the corn fritters. The pulled pork and corn fritters were really good, and I love there bbq sauce, but I really didn't care for the hot links or mac n cheese. I do want to go back and try some of the more recommended items. To end on a high note, their customer service and hospitality was awesome! This place is kind of located in a sketchy area so I have to admit I was a little intimidated walking in for the first time, but everyone was super welcoming and friendly.
5	First time in Vegas, but didn't want to eat at typical local tourist-y spots. When I search for food in new locations, I usually search for Mom and Pop shops. This is THE Mom and Pop shop to dine at. The quality was amazing. The succulent beef ribs were cooked to perfection. My only regret was not ordering the buffet option and only being able to visit once. If I ever step foot in Vegas again, this is the spot I'll return to; and not just a single visit either. My suggestion is to with a group, order the buffet, and try everything on the damn menu!
5	This place is outstanding!! I consider myself choosy when buying ribs away from home because I have come to prefer what I usually cook. Man, this place has a great menu and well-prepared ribs. They ribs were just what you want from wood-cooking. Tasty and tender. I will be visiting this place every time I go to Vegas!
4	Great BBQ spot near the strip, but not on the strip. its a small place so make sure you spot the grill outside the parking lot. Staff is very friendly, food came out quick and it was delicious!!! A must try!
5	This place just blows me away ! Look do yourself a favor , go here get the all you can eat for 24.99 and eat some or all you want of everything they have. It's all good.And I guarantee if you have any appetite at all you will come out ahead of a regular dinner order at Lucilles and have infinitely more food.
5	I am a simple man, and when i am in search of good bbq, i only ask for one thing...flavor.From the chicken, to the ribs, to the brisket, to a majority of the sides...this place has got it. Just moved out to vegas and this place will be my go-to from now on.
5	BBQ was so flavorful and tasty. The family loved it. Plenty of food for the price. Awesome service.
5	This place is GOOD! AT least the rib tips corn fritters and beans anyway. Brought a friend who thought it was great too! So sad I haven't been here sooner, but so happy now :) I'll definitely be coming here for BBQ from now on!!
5	I love this place! The main reason is because as they've grown you can see it in the improvements of their restaurant. It won't be much longer before they are hiring Front of the House staff to man the tables! The food is good, The staff is nice. I like that they are getting their name out there and a local business being successful. On this trip I had the chicken, which is always good in flavor and spare rib, in the duo smokin plate. The spare rib was tender and tasty. I got the jalapeno coleslaw...it's so good! The BF got the Brisket Dog, omg! If I wasn't eating right, I'd devour that whole thing without a second thought! It was so good, anything with nacho cheese is good! The BF got the potato salad, which was basic but the bacon of course added a yummy touch! We love this place! We wish it much success and don't forget your free dessert with your Yelp check in.
5	Came here with 4 of my hungry friends and ordered the BBQ Sampler. It was delicious and satisfied our bbq craving after 4th of July. Even though we eat a lot it was enough to make us full. Best BBQ in Vegas imo
5	Unbelievable! I won't be going to Lucilles BBQ anymore.. This place is not only BOMB but the prices are awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Great food! The catfish and shrimp was tasty but my only complaint is the mashed potatoes tasted sour
4	it was good,
5	You can't get better BBQ than this in LV. It's BBQ heaven. They offer an All You Can Eat! We had the brisket, chicken, spare ribs and the Best Beef Rib this side of the Atlantic Ocean. So tender and juicy! All the food has serious BBQ flavor.  The beans (omg) are what BBQ beans should always be. Don't forget to ask for the Damn Hot BBQ sauce, just to kick up the flavor to spicy. Great staff that will make your visit more enjoyable.
4	Loved the food! I remembered a BBQ place from DDD in Las Vegas and figured I'd try it on my next trip to Vegas. The place is not far from the strip but does look a bit sketchy from the outside. The inside of the restaurant is very clean and the sports tv's are a bonus.I tried the pulled pork sliders and the rib platter, everything was tasty. The BBQ sauce is delicious, our ribs were cooked perfectly. And the corn bread is too die for!!!!
3	Was surprised at the high rating. I will say the chicken was excellent. The pork, brisket, and hot links were all average at best. The sides were average too. The man taking orders was nice, but the guys delivering the food were so rude. I can't believe I tipped (you tip when you pay for the food at the beginning).
2	Found this place to be very expensive for the amount food that we got. We order a rack of beef ribs it was &24.99 and it was 4 half ribs.  We also ordered the meal that said 2 to 4 people for $35.00 and was 2 small sides and 4 small biscuits and all the meat was in one styrofoam tray and didn't even come close to feeding 4 people. So $64.00 dollars was a good meal for 2.
5	Look, I'm Texan.  I've grown up around barbecue.  And I've found that the West Coast didn't have much in the way of barbecue when I was living in SoCal (correct me if I'm wrong, I take suggestions).  And while I like Lucille's here, that's more Cajun than the stuff I grew up with.On a whim, we found this place.  It's in the middle of nowhere, in an area you probably wouldn't venture to, in a tiny shopping center that you wouldn't notice.  But you'll notice that smell when you step out of the car.  And I mean BAM!Once that scent hit my nose, I had to know more.  Also, not Texas based, I will graciously concede that Arkansas knows their stuff, and this place knows their stuff.The staff is nice, and one look at them told me these people weren't anything but legit.  I liked the cook immediately.  We ordered a rib combo plate, and let the dining begin.It was so good.  Nice and spicy, meat falling off the bone, a big squirt bottle of sauce on the table, I ate and ate and ate, and then I got kind of woozy, and asked for a "to go".  I moaned all the way home.  Partly because I was full, yes, but partly because this place hit the sweet spot of barbecue goodness.  I went for my leftovers, and shredded bones like a barbarian.I regret nothing.Will I go back?  Absolutely.  Small, subtle, out of the way, but so worth it when it came to dining options, friendly people, fast service, and quality of food.They have something called a "BBQ Sundae".  That sounds intriguing, and I wish to know more.
5	I don't know how I've never had this BBQ or even heard of it, really.  But some BBQ showed up for a catered work lunch and boy was it good.  Now I'm going to have to make a trip to the restaurant to see what it's all about.  I think the best BBQ I had in Vegas  before Rollin Smoke was Famous Dave's, and Famous Dave's sucks.  Glad to know there's good BBQ in Vegas!
5	This is the best BBQ I have had since Pappys Smoke house in St. Louis. If you come  to Vegas and you don't check this place out you got cheated.
2	This place boils the meat & the sauce is boring.Mom was not impressed... but then she is from KCMO and we are accustomed to the barbeque of KCMO, TN & TX.  My fried-shrimp was great, but I would have preferred a cocktail sauce and not the their barbeque sauce to dip them in.
2	Worst bbq I have ever had. The meat was tough, fatty, and their rub was bland as hell! The only reason I gave them 2 stars instead of 1 was because the mac n cheese I got was fairly decent
3	Good bbq ribs, chicken, Pulled Pork, and Hush puppies. The brisket was very dry and not anything like the pictures on yelp on Saturday at 8pm. The peach cobblerwas my least favorite, but the banana fosters and their bbq sauce were the best part of our $60 takeout meal.
5	I'm more of a baby back rib guy. The lean, tender, fall of the bone meat was the Holy grail. I found beef ribs to be chewy and stringy, until I found this place. They may have pulled a game changer. Their beef ribs were incredible. Better then any pork I have had so far. Frankly I'm going to have to go back and try again just to see if it was a fluke. It may be the best litmus test I have ever had to do.
4	I met up with a few Yelpers on the day that Travel Channel's Food Paradise was filming here. We were too late for our 15 seconds of fame, but the film crew was still there and it was neat watching them work. It was also not as crowded as I had expected, so it was quick to order and many tables available. The food took a bit longer to come out, but I believe that's standard.I ordered the "Duo Choice of Two Meats" Smokin Plate with Hot Link and 2 Spare Ribs (other meat choices are brisket, pork, or 1/4 chicken), Waffle Fries (there are 16 choices of Smokin Sides), and a drink for $10.99. The sausage or hot link was really tasty and they're not messing around with the heat! If you can't handle spicy food, watch out. I enjoyed the ribs as well, especially with their BBQ sauce. I definitely could've eaten more! I liked their offerings of sweetened and unsweetened iced tea as I mixed the two and had a nice balance.We tried a couple cobblers, banana pudding, and the special Reese's PB bread pudding. The cobblers were all right and the banana pudding was decent. The bread pudding was off the hook though! Really good!I think one of the best parts of their menu is the AYCE option for $24.99. It's offered all day, every day and has no restrictions (except no sharing or to-go, obviously). It's a ridiculous deal for meat! If I can get a few people together, I think that it would be a cool option to order all the types of meat and sides for everyone.
3	We stopped by here for dinner a few nights ago while traveling through. Things are a little pricier than I would imagine for the amount of food you get. I did the two meat meal for $10.99. I got two short ribs and two strips of brisket on top of a soggy piece of white bread and a side of macaroni and cheese. I thought the short ribs were very good and would recommend those. The brisket was good and the macaroni and cheese was forgettable. My wife got the $7.99 brisket sandwich and thought it was pretty good.Because we checked in via Yelp, we got a "free dessert." We ordered the Blue Bell Ice Cream Sundae. What they brought us was a shot glass sized plastic cup filled 2/3 with ice cream and 1/3 with whipped cream. If that dessert really costs 3.99, it is a complete rip off. It's more likely that they only gave us a sample size dessert as the "free dessert" that was advertised. Don't they know better than to cut corners with people who use Yelp? Whatever the case, I was less than impressed by that. Overall, I might stop back by here to give it another shot if I was in town for a bit and looking for a meal under $15 a plate (although they have many options that would put you over that limit, including an all you can eat thing for $25). But with so many other places to eat in Vegas, it's more likely I'll try somewhere else.
5	Good BBQ in Vegas has been very hard to find, especially when you're from Kansas City which is one of America's BBQ capitals. Rollin Smoke is the ONLY place in Vegas for the past 2 years now that consistently satisfies my cravings for good BBQ. If I get a bad case of homesickness, Rollin Smoke's brisket is the cure. Location: Off the beaten path. Yeah, its hard to get to but that's why you have the Yelp app on your smartphone. Parking: If it's busy it can be tight. But I've always found a place to park. Seating: If you're with someone who's claustrophobic or hates eating in close quarters around others get your food to go. It's kinda tight inside. Price: Compared with BBQ places I've been to in the Carolinas, Memphis, Texas, and Kansas City I think the pricing is quite reasonable for the amount of food you get. You can overpay for crappy BBQ at a lot of places in Vegas, or you can pay a fair price and get quality at Rollin Smoke. It's your choice. Service: It's not perfect but the staff knows how to hustle and get you in and out for lunch, or if you're trying to eat before catching a show or heading to somewhere on the Strip. And even with the speedy service you still get great BBQ!From brisket to ribs and their beans, I have yet to find anything here that sucks. It's just good. Really good. Overall you really can't go wrong coming here. I try and limit posting 5 Star reviews these days but Rollin Smoke has earned nothing less.
5	This is what I think of when I look for BBQ.  I have been trying all the places in Vegas I can find.   The owners are from Arkansas.  So, if you like Arkansas BBQ, Louisiana, or Texas BBQ you will be in heaven.They have beef ribs that are juicy and delicious.  Smoked 19 hours.  They have a rub on them and then you add BBQ sauce. The Pork ribs, chicken are very good too.  Haven't been able to find any food to complain about.  I get a little quiet when I am there enjoying the food so much.People have complained about cost to portion, but the portions are big enough for my husband to be stuffed and full most of the day.  Cost wise, it seemed reasonable for good quality BBQ to me and I will be back frequently.I tried the catfish and it has a crunchy cornmeal coating with and no weird after flavor you sometimes get with catfish.   I have had it twice now since it is so good.  Once in a basket and once as a poor boy sandwich.   Love it.  I can't decide which is my favorite the beef ribs or the catfish.The sides I have tried are:  mac and cheese -flavor is good, but I prefer a baked thick cheese sauce over this one.Hush puppies: pretty tastyCorn fritters:  tasty, the corn is inside a breading.   Being from Virginia I have some expectations that probably aren't normal or liked by many others.  I felt these were good, but a little blander than I like.   I enjoy the corn tucked into a spicy hush puppy myselfHaven't had space for any desserts yet, but I will have to get some to go next time.  I am usually going somewhere else after.They also will cook up a whole pig for parties.  Price varies depending on market price so call them.  Very cool.Can't wait to eat there again.   Also if you go early enough in the day they have a cool electrical store called Kiesub next door.   If you are tech oriented you will enjoy it.
5	went there for dinner last night. AMAZING food! I would recommened this to anyone who likes BBQ! must try!
5	Hands down the best BBQ I have ever had!! I did the all you can eat so I could try a little bit of everything. They don't give you a "little" of anything!! The beef rib was the star of the show!! In my experiences with BBQ, the beef rib is kinda the red headed stepchild, not here! I highly recommend this place! Off the beaten path, just the way I like it!!
4	About as good as you can get in Las Vegas.  Portions are great, Prices are good and it tastes good too!
5	Absolutely amazing! The pulled pork is mouth watering goodness. The brisket is de-lish and the HOT links are extremely hot and yummy. We will definitely be back!!! ****THE BEST BBQ IN VEGAS****
5	Was there fri July 18 and wow was the food amazing , had three meat platter and was blown away by the pulled pork , ribs. But the show stopper was the brisket. The flavour was like nothing I have ever had before. When in back I vegas will defiantly be back.
5	Ok. Second & third trip here has verified Rolling Smoke as the best BBQ "Joint" in Vegas for my money. Links are far and away my favorite. Their ribs, brisket, & potato salad are very close seconds. The service is friendly and the price is very fair. The sometime long wait is to be expected when you have food and the associated reputation that goes with it this good. A must for bbq lovers and non cooks
4	Everything was great besides the greens (too bitter and unflavorfull). Highly recommend the corn nuggets and banana pudding.
5	Come for the BBQ meatsbaby back RIBs MELTED right off the bone! super tender and delicious with a nice smokey touchBrisket was delicious! and tender and just greatPulled pork, needs the bbq sauce. it was good, but i would not get this againmac and cheese and fried okra were standard, not amazing but it went well with the bbq. the service was great: the guy told us about each dish and checked up on us to make sure we were enjoying the food. its not a sit down restaurant, but he took the time to do so anywaysrestaurant:this is a shabby place in a shabby neighborhood. nothing special about it at all. Coming back to this place for sure! the food was delicious!
5	There's really so much delicious food thats affordable off the strip!Luckily a friend of ours rented a car for our vegas weekend so we all came here for some delicious BBQ!The place was pretty packed when we got there but they were quick to take orders and expedite the line. You order first then find your seat so be ready! Everyone in my group was so hungry that we didn't even entertain the thought of sharing (which we really should have) and we all ordered separately.I opted for the chicken wings with the sweet corn pups and a side of catfish. One of my friends got the meatloaf and others got the ribs and brisket sampler deals.OMG SOOO MUCH FOOD!!! I loved the sweet corn pup things an the catfish was sooo good. Battered just right with alot of catfish meat. My wings were pretty tasty. I went for the mild sauce as its blazing hot in vegas already and I didn't want to suffer by eating hot and spicy buffalo wings. I really wanted to though ;(Oh they also have sweet tea! Yes... I love bbq and this place does it right. Next time my friends and I will definitely go for the family meals and will split it lol!
5	We came as a group and ordered brisket, chicken, sliders, meatloaf and ribs. We all shared and everything was really reallllly good! The meat was juicy and the sauce was perfect. Sides were delish and we got a free banana pudding for checking into yelp that was pretty damn good too. It's small and really no-frills but the people were friendly and it smells amazing. We didn't see that there was an extra seating area not attached to the main restaurant until we left but I would recommend sitting there so it's not as crowded. We'll definitely be back!
4	My son is a local and read many articles on this las vegas "find". word is out that rollin' smoke  has authentic,serious,very tasty BBQ. You will definitely need your GPS to find this place but it is well worth the search. I sense most folks get their orders to go here although they have a decent sized dining area. pretty spartan no frills establishment. my wife enjoyed her catfish po boy...with hush puppies and cole slaw. my son and I each had the meat sampler.....spare ribs,brisket and chicken got our highest grades. Help aren't really friendly but they get your food out without much of a wait. prices are extremely reasonable and as I said..,.the food is very good. close your eyes and you'll swear you are in KC or Memphis.
5	the service & Amazing delicious food is finger licking good!  Thank you for a  wonderful experience. this is what real BBQ food is about. Totally a 5 star review :-)
5	Real deal BBQ. No plates, no fancy napkins, no tablecloths, just really good BBQ. People have covered the menu pretty thoroughly, so I'll just toss in our support for the pulled pork, the baby back ribs, the chicken and the sides. Superb all around. The meats were not over-smoked, and the sauces worked well to complement the meat rather than disguise it.The standouts sidewise were the corn nuggets, and the Kickin' beans. The beans had a healthy amount of meat in them and were nicely seasoned. The corn nuggets...don't order the corn nuggets, for all that is holy. They are like crack - instantly addictive. By themselves, dipped in the house sauce, shoved in your ear...you just can't stop eating the little devils.Sweet tea made by somebody from the South, that's for sure. Not overly sugared...just right. The place is a dive, and that's what sold me on it before I ever set foot in the door. We were the first ones to get there that day for lunch, so Eddie behind the register had time to chat. Nice guy, and a great salesman for the place. By the time we were done eating, at least 6 parties of locals had queued up, paid for their lunches and commenced to chowing down. Get there early is all I can say.All in all, a near-perfect BBQ experience. They lose the perfect game by being just too damn far from my house!! I have to wait until I go to Vegas to get my fix! Next week, in fact. Drooooooool. This time I'm going beef.Note for out-of-towners - the place is really easy to find. Head north on Las Vegas Blvd. and turn left immediately after Fashion Show Mall (Fashion Show Dr). When the road ends (S. Highland Dr.), turn right. You can see the place from the intersection on the left, just past the freeway overpass.
4	Being the owner of two Big Green Eggs, I usually make these meats at home, but seeing it is summer here (enough said), it is really nice to be able to go out for this instead of doing it myself all day. Hubby had the outlaw burger and I shared my meat plate with him. We also had sides of mac and cheese, yams and corn nuggets.  First off, hubby loved his burger.  I had one bite and it was good, but too much like meatloaf for me both in taste and texture.  I like that they smoked the burger. We do that at home as well and there is nothing better.  Next visit hubby is getting the meatloaf he said. Something about loaded mashed potatoes.......yum.I really enjoyed the brisket, it was moist and had just the right amount of smoke infused into it.  Some of it was cut too thick for my liking and as such, didn't have that tug and pull apart you expect, but thankfully, it wasn't served drenched in sauce, that is a no-no in my book.  The pulled pork was good, but not great. It lacked that smoky flavor but it was very moist.  I have the same problem making this at home. It is difficult to get that smoke all the way into the deepest part of the meat.  Their BBQ sauce was very nice, not too sweet or just tasting like spiced-up ketchup. The two together were nice and next time on a sandwich it is.The chicken was also good, but my favorite for flavor was the homemade sausage. It was nice and smokey and had a great kick at the end.  I would like the grind a bit finer though.  The sides were all tasty.  You could taste the cheese in the mac and cheese and it was not greasy at all. The yams were nice and chunky and sweet but not too sweet. The corn nuggets were perfect, nice and crunchy on the outside, tender and sweet on the inside. H&J on Eastern, take some lessons from this place on how to cook these. We shared a banana pudding for dessert and it was creamy good, but I would have liked to see some banana slices in it. The vanilla wafers were nice and soaked with pudding goodness.  I am not sure how we had room to eat it all, but we did.  We took plenty of meat home for leftovers.  Will we be back? Yes, of course.  This is by far the best BBQ we have had in Las Vegas so far.  Just wish they were closer to home.
5	I am very picky when it comes to bbq outside of my family.  Not only was the BBQ on point (delicious), we had outstanding customer service.The location is off the beaten path, but there was ample parking and easy to find using our navigation system.  I would consider this spot to be a step up from a whole in the wall kind of place, but it was clean and very good.  Don't take my word, try for yourself and I know you will be pleased.
5	Best BBQ I've had since leaving the south. Was stationed in Louisiana a few years ago and since leaving have been looking for a place that does BBQ like I had there. This place delivers and then some. The pork was amazing. My picky 7 yr old loved her chicken.Being a big guy I'm used to being able to"put a hurting" on some BBQ, but even I tapped out. Great portions and very friendly staff. Definitely going back before we leve Vegas.
5	We came here for the first time today. They were packed!  We ordered the meatloaf, two meat plate ( brisket and chicken) , and a piggy fry. They accidentally brought us an extra plate of brisket instead of the fries. As soon as we said something the fries were next on the line. The kitchen manager came right out apologized , gave us the brisket and brought out the fries within seconds, he was very friendly.   I thought that was great service. Being born and raised in Las Vegas I have a much higher expectation of service than most others. Anyway the kitchen manager came back out one more time. Offered us free desert , he said " even if you say no I'm bringing it out."  So we asked for the berry cobbler. He returned with his home made banana pudding along with an order of cobbler. The banana pudding was absolutely amazing ! The cobbler was a wine based and was excellent ! Overall the service and the food was wonderful. My father is still raving about his meatloaf and my mother says her chicken was great. I would recommend this place to anyone !
5	This place is a small hole in the wall and from the outside it doesn't look like much. However the line out the door and the BBQ surrounding the business was a good sign!! The price is $25 for all you can eat dinning in which is extremely affordable. I seen the plates going by while in line and knew one plate was going to be plenty. I ordered the 3 meat combo chicken links and brisket w a side of Mac n cheese!! The sauce was a condiment and the meat w so juicy and seasoned just right!! My God the chicken was AMAZING I was so impressed I got the breast and it literally melted in my mouth!!  I can't say it enough this place was sooooooooo good!!! This is added to my list of must haves when I go to Vegas!!!
5	Hot damn!! Really good BBQ!! Get in there!! Brisket was too good!! Love that Mac n cheese too!! Off the strip, but sooo fricken good!!! Well worth the trip!!!Going back for more the 2nd night
5	Melt in your mouth BBQ.  It lived up to everything it was supposed to be.  I had the slider trio, and the pulled pork was AH MAZE ING.  I wish it had more pickles, but that's because I'm a pickle person.It's a small place so make sure you grab a table while you can!  Food is quick, came out in about 10mins.  Plenty of big tables for larger groups.
5	With the apparent demise of Hogs Heaven and Top Notch Bbq, there is no controversy about which BBQ is best. Rollin smoke has the tender smoked goods. The sauce is excellent and the menu is innovative and original. Make sure you get corn nuggets, there is nothing like them.
5	Outstanding Southern style BBQ with great prices for all budgets.  And there are so many choices on the menu to keep you coming back.  Best BBQ in Vegas and maybe the best in the Western US.Saturday afternoon the line was 5 deep.  Walk up, order and find your seat.  Food was out in maybe 12 minutes.Family run, served by the son and cooked by dad.  Can't do better than that.  Good food and good owners.
4	What I look for in a good barbecue is moist and tender meat with a strong smoke aroma and a spicy rub. Looking at the good reviews for this place, my group and I decided to come to this place.  The place itself is small so try not to come during the rush for lunch because you won't find a place to sit.  What really did like right off the bat here is that they have a large smoker you can see by the side of the building as you walk in, and you can smell the smoke already! My group ordered a combination platter called The Pit and it came with spare ribs, brisket, sausage and pulled pork.  We also shared the outlaw burger, which eventually stole the show. The sausage had a mild smokey flavor but it was a little dry. Everything else was very moist and tender and had a good smokey flavor.  The pulled pork and brisket were very tender and flavorful and didn't need any sauce.  The ribs were a little tough to eat off the bone I   I thought, and I didn't get any extra spiciness from the rub. And when I tried to kick it up a noth by adding their bbq sauce, It didnt work.  Their bbq sauce is very bland.  It has no spiciness or tang or zing.  Just mildy dressed up tomatoe sauce. The best thing I tasted there was the OUTLAW BURGER.  The baddass big flavor patty, the onion strings, and the tangy mayo were awesome together.  My advice is to come for the Outlaw burge, pulled pork, and the brisket!
5	Best BBQ I have ever had! Recommended by a cab driver as the best BBQ in Vegas, we figured we'd try it out, and we are so happy we did! Probably the best meal on the whole trip. Ask for the Carolina sauce, the best one in my opinion. Meat is super tender, melts in your mouth, amazing corn bread.
3	The BBQ was good, but the sides were disappointing.  I had my mind all set on beef ribs, but when I got to the counter to order they were out.  Quick switch to a sandwich and shared some sides with my friends: hush puppies, corn nuggets, beans & corn bread.  The beans were a strong disappointment, perhaps because that is one of my favorite parts of good old fashioned Kansas City barbecue.  Here the beans were a little too firm for my taste and the sauce was thin and not quite as flavorful as I would have liked.  The hush puppies were decent, the corn bread was moist but more in the style of a cake batter with a very small amount of cornmeal added.  The fried corn nuggets were ok.My sandwich was good and the meat was tender, though as others have commented I added quite a bit of BBQ sauce to it.One aspect I didn't care for was the "messiness" in the dining area.  I certainly understand that operating a high volume dining establishment is hard work, especially when the food is messy to eat, but it can be done.  After placing my order and looking for available seating, several of the spots still had used napkins or debris at the tables.  The open spot we chose had plastic utensils on the floor under the seats and the condiment bottles were messy.  I was facing the back station where customers could grab napkins or tea and the white front was covered with scuff marks and such.
1	I haven't eaten at this establishment. I just watched the staff prepare the food on the travel channel.  No one wears gloves. The RAW MEAT LOAF IS MIXED WITH BARE HANDS!  When "liquids" are added...more bare hands.  Meat cooked more bare hands...oh my.
5	Absolutely amazing!!  Hands down the best bbq in Vegas and the best I've had outside of Texas.  This is TRUE bbq, you can tell they don't just slather bbq sauce on the meat and call it barbecued. You can taste the smokiness in the meat and it's unbelievably tender. There were 3 of us and we got the all you can eat so we were able to try a bunch of items on the menu:  chicken, brisket, pulled pork, hot links, spare ribs, baby back ribs, beef ribs, mac n cheese, coleslaw, fried okra, banana pudding, berry cobbler, and a root beer float.The highlights were definitely the ribs. The spare ribs and baby backs were my FAVORITE things we tried. Spare ribs had a bit more kick and spice, and the baby backs were juicier and fattier (in a delicious, perfect way). The beef rib was also delicious - not to mention the biggest rib I've ever seen - but very rich and filling. The coleslaw was excellent to cut the richness, sweetness, and smokiness of the meal, and the fried okra was simple and perfect. Mac n cheese was also great (I totally judge a bbq place on hthe quality of their mac n cheese... ie Big Ern's at Container Park sucks). Brisket wasn't thrilling, but I admit I like my brisket with a little fat on it and this was quite lean.The prices are insanely good, cheaper than Famous Daves or Lucilles, and the food is better! We got AYCE but would've been fine sharing the Pit Special, Rib Platter, & adding a couple beef ribs - which is basically exactly what we ordered, except we paid more because we chose AYCE and they added extra to the platter, which we didn't need and had quite a bit leftover. Also the service is awesome, they genuinely care if you're enjoying the food. The entire experience was great!  I can't wait to go back and try other things on the menu, I have my eye on the collard greens, loaded mash potatoes, and "bbq parfait!"
3	BBQ was ok. I wanted to try some BBQ when i was in Vegas. I checked yelp and came here. I got the pit special chicken hot link 2 ribs and brisket. On the side I got greens mashed potatoes and fries. It was done pretty quick. about 10 minutes. The ribs were pretty good. The hot link was spicy but not hot. Same goes for almost every thing else but the ribs fries brisket. I'm guessing they cook it earlier and warm it up I am not sure. I am pretty sure it was not fresh. Fries where just ok. Greens the same. Mashed potatoes where a little better. If i were to go back i would definitely probably just get ribs or a brisket or chicken sandwich. Sides taste like something on the strip. Over priced and over rated. The BBQ I would try again. Also there Ice tea wasn't that great either.
5	Simply the best in Vegas, Your taste buds will thank you. In our two week visit to Vegas we dined here several times. The meats melt in your mouth; the waffle chips are crunchy and tasty. The serving sizes are generous. Tried catfish for the first timeI loved it. The service is exceptional from all staff. Met the owners who are friendly and courteous. Seriously when your thinking BBQ don't go past Rollin Smoke Barbeque you will not regret it. Will definitely be going back on my next visit to Vegas.
3	Rollin Smoke was just ok... It's not the best bbq ive had -- i dont always go for bbqs. It's comparable to famous daves and memphis bbq but a little on the mom and pop's restaurant kind of service and ambience. Though they could use a little upgrade -- the place was tight, bbq were served on plastic basket with a wrap over the basket, sides were served in styro containers, you have to ask for plates or get it yourself if they have some out, the plastic utensils didnt look clean, sprite tasted funky or maybe it was the ice.We ordered the platter (good for two) with four meats -- brisket, pulled pork, chicken, ribs. Pulled pork was the best out of all of them but again average compared to other bbq place. They only have one sauce on the table and it was watery -- the kind that will squirt on your shirt. The tip of the sauce container was not as clean as my (sort of ocd when it comes to food and food handling) self hoped it would be.There were a few regulars but mostly tourists it seemed...Despite of all that ive mentioned about the place being average, it's worth a try.
4	O M G! This is absolutely the best BBQ I have found in either Vegas or Henderson. After reading several great reviews of this place I had to try it out. Ok, its not in the best area of town and doesn't look like much from the outside, but when you walk in and smell that wonderful smoke and BBQ flavor you know your gonna love it! We of course had to try the Outlaw burger made with brisket and fried onion strings as well as the brisket and rib combo plate with corn fritters. The burger was HUGE and the brisket was so tender and delicious. One of the best burgers ever. The brisket and rib plate was also great. The ribs were probably some of the best I've ever had. They were so smoky and tender and the corn fritters were golden bites of goodness. Our friends ordered the BBQ nachos which were waffle fries loaded with BBQ pork, cheese, beans and sour cream. So good. I will definitely be back to try the hot links and baby backs. Thanks for a great meal!
5	Hands down some of the BEST BBQ I have had in a LONG time!!! This is now my staple go-to place! Service was AWESOME! Food was PERFECT! The corn bread was like CAKE! The bacon potato salad was like Mom's but with BACON! The Mac n Cheese, was on point! Again, the experience and the service was just AMAZING!
2	This review is based on one visit only and the smoked brisket sandwich that I ordered. After reading all the rave reviews I was really disappointed. The brisket in the sandwich was very finely chopped instead of being sliced and it contained too much fat and gristle. I tried to doctor it up with their BBQ sauce but I didn't much care for the sauce which I assume is made in house.With all the favorable reviews, I have to believe that all of Rollin' Smoke's menu items just can't be as bad as that brisket. So I may give them another try to sample some of their other items. And I'll bring some of my own BBQ sauce with me. If I do, I'll update this review.
5	Beef (short rib) ribs where so tender and succulent! Even my wife who typically doesn't care much for BBQ really loved it.
4	Ok, so this is about as good as barbeque is going to get in Vegas.  That being said it doesn't quite compare with the likes of Oklahoma Joe's in KC and a few places in Texas, etc.  I really enjoyed this place.  It felt like a barbeque joint should feel.  It had the picnic tables, it had the great hog's head, it even had a line going out the door, which is a good sign.   I took advantage of the all you can eat, so that I could sample a little bit of everything.  The catfish was divine.  The meat was excellent and so was the sauce.  If you get a craving for bbq in Vegas, this is the place.
5	Believe the hype. I tried Rollin smoke on 8/5/14 and it was phenomenal. The meats are fresh and juicy, especially the pulled pork, but my favorite are the sides! The corn nuggets and bacon potato salad are to die for. The yams and kickin beans are also great. The staff is friendly and accommodating. Yelp said they closed at 8:00 but they were still accepting guests at 8:30 despite the open sign being turned off. They do not turn away their guests which I thought was interesting. I can't wait to go back!!
5	This is an AMAZING mostly locals spot! The food is SO GOOD. One of my favorites!BE WARNED!!!- They close at 8PM on weeknights!! Which is like a late lunch by LV standards! YES, 8PM. :-( Discovered this sadly when I brought a group of 10 people there and we arrived at 8:05PM to the door being locked in our faces. Before we even left, saw another large party arrive to be disappointed by locked doors as well. Be there BEFORE 8PM!!!On the positive side, the food is SO FANTASTIC, they don't feel they need to stay open past 8PM, except on the weekends. Go early, be happy, it is worth the trip off the strip!
5	Absolutely delicious. Ribs and chicken were both perfectly seasoned and smoked. This is the only place I've seen corn nuggets outside of Alabama and they are crunchy and creamy sweet. Be prepared to wait because the line is usually out the door.
4	Legit. I had the ridiculously oversized Outlaw Burger and a side of Mac n Cheese. Wife had the chicken/brisket combo with a side of corn fritters. And it all got demolished. Do you hear me? ALL OF IT. Rarely am I impressed with BBQ places but Rollin Smoke had it rollin alright. Portions, taste and price were all above the standard. Its definitely part of my Vegas food rotation from now on. Good job, gentlemen.
5	Wow Las Vegas best kept secret! We conciser ourselves to be expert BBQ judges this is truly authentic BBQ. Owners are from Arkansas and are very polite. The pricing was reasonable and we will be visiting this place next time were here in town. Thanks for a great lunch.
3	No line when we arrived, but busy. We were able to find a seat. I was surprised how small it is. I ordered the beef ribs, and we got the waffle fries and corn nuggets. My DH ordered the spare ribs, and tot the beans with his ribs. The service was excellent. Very nice people. The food came rather quickly. It was generous portions. Too much for 2 people. I was only able to finish one rib, it was flavorful and had a lot of meat on it. The waffle fries were crispy, the star for me was the corn nuggets. So addicting. My husband enjoyed his ribs, the meat fell off the bone. He said the beans were a little sweet. All in all we had a good meal.
5	Great bbq for vegas.a very big portion of food and it tastes great.nice and flavorful and a nice big menu to choose from.and the sides are good to.and the deserts.this is a must do everytime you visit vegas.
5	Best BBQ in Las Vegas hands down. I am originally from Tennessee and have eaten a ton of BBQ. Rollin Smoke is up there with the best i had anywhere.
5	Came back and I think it was even better than before. We had the combo with ribs and brisket and the meatloaf (again). Sides were Mac n cheese, mashed potatoes with the meatloaf and bacon potato salad. The combo came with this melt in your mouth honey cornbread. Seriously the best BBQ I've ever had (don't tell my hubby).
5	Amazing amazing amazing! We fell in love and can't wait to go back. The brisket was wonderful and so was the CORNBREAD. The loaded mashed potatoes were definitely worthy of getting again. The only thing I would pass up is the Mac n cheese. Just not cheesy enough for me but everything else was so delicious!
5	What a great find! Imagine a Dickey's-style BBQ joint but local/downhome. Great pricing for the LARGE portions of amazing food you get. Love the hush puppies - they have a kick. The spudtastic was crazy good. Ignore the strange placement of this establishment and GO!
3	We decided to check this place out after reading all of the super-awesome reviews. The seedy neighborhood was easily overlooked when the smokey sweet smell of southern BBQ hit me. The line was out the door but no one seemed to mind the wait. The guy who took our order was a pro and very patient with our indecision and questions. Both the indoor and outdoor dining areas were clean.The food didn't  quite match up to the expectations, sadly. The burger was pretty dry and the peach cobbler was pretty sad. The brisket was above average, but you could tell that the ribs had been sitting for a while. Five stars for the service! Our server was attentive, helpful, and very friendly! We're going to try again when they aren't so busy. Hopefully we just caught them on a bad night.
5	Extremely delicious food, very friendly employees and amazing ambiance there. It feels like you are in a great barbeque fest! I absolutely recommend pork and ribs with mashed potatoes with green onions and bacon.
5	Hands down the best BBQ in the state of Nevada. Ribs and brisket is amazing and the corn nuggets are the best. This place in now going into my rotation of regular weekly spots.
5	Wow!  Smokin!  OK, I must say I really like this place a lot and for a barbecue joint, it is the highest review I can give. a. Location - WTF, I felt like I was driving to one of those back alley strip joints or toward that Erotic Museum.  However, I must say, driving there from the 15 Freeway was very easy!  Just in a very dingy area is all.b.  Size - They must have increased size,  as I was expecting a really small place with like three tables and they seemed to have expanded next door with some bench like tables to sit good size parties.  I would say though, that the max they can have in this place is like 9-10 parties of various size.c.  Menu - Pretty darn awesome if you ask me.  Simple to order and if you like meats you can make your own combo from the duo, trio or the Pit Special with a bunch of different meats. They even have large party size orders on the menu.  The brisket was great, the beef ribs darn good. I always order baby back pork ribs so these beef ribs were the right size and very tasty.  I loved the hot links and I did not care so much for the pulled pork, a bit dry if you ask me.  d.  Hot Sauce - On the table were two types of sauces, and neither was too hot.  I did use quite a bit on the pulled pork. I generally like a hot sauce. I did not ask them, and I wonder if they have it.e.  Friendly - The owners and workers here are all very friendly, ask about their food and they want you to enjoy your experience.  That is such a cool added touch!f.  Ordering, drinking and etc - You order at the front and pay, but they bring the food to you.  The soda fountain and the ice tea area are in a small and tight area, so if it is busy, it will be tough to get to. g. Leftovers - They plenty of serve yourself plastics for any leftovers you have.h.  The sides - Plenty of sides.  The potato salad was awesome. The beans were great, the corn nuggets were totally cool.  These were the only sides we had.Results - Awesome finger licking food, great pricing and great service.  Loved it better than Famous Dave's and Lucille's. GK says check it out.
1	After reading many reviews the hubby and I decided to give this place a chance and let me tell you it was a HUGE disappointment. Don't get me wrong the staff was really nic e and the place was clean but, the food was totally different. First they got my hubbys order wrong, second our food came out COLD not warm cold, third my Rib Tips were so dry and though most of it was inedible, Fourth all the food that came out was sooo dry and flavorless it had no salt.  What a let down and waste money.    Oh and by the way this food also gave us upset stomach and disgusting burps.  Ps i recommend the Roadkill which beats this place by far.
5	Very good BBQ, first time here, the sauce is what makes it for me, a little cayenne pepper in the barbecue makes it good with just a little kick, I had brisket and ribs and both were tender, brisket is better imo
1	This review is on the food only because we took it togo.  I read all of the review and it seemed like a good bar b que restaurant.  We ordered the brisket, ribs, hot links, peach cobbler and the banana pudding.  I do not believe they gave the banana pudding the name of grandma's banana pudding, this didn't taste like any grandmas pudding I ever tasted (it was awful).  Everything we ordered was awful. If we stayed at the restaurant we would have sent everything back and got our money back.  We  ate a few bites and threw the rest of it in the trash.  This was a waste of my money since I spend about fifty dollars on the horrible food.
5	We walked to this place from the strip. The walk is through some less than glamorous streets but it is totally worth it. My wife had a spudtastic which was huge and delicious. She had it with pulled pork on it-- great choice. I went for the brisket dog which was amazing. It is a hot link with brisket, cheese, and a huge pile of fried onions. The service was great. The ambiance was, well, appropriate. Bottom line, I would go here again and again.
5	Best BBQ in Vegas out of the seven or eight places I've tried. Amazing whole in the wall kind of place, but with plenty of seating. They could probably fill up a restaurant the size of Olive Garden if they wanted to. Food is amazing. Had the brisket sandwich with fried onion straws. Pretty sure I could live off that the rest of my life breakfast lunch and dinner! Yummy! Hubby had the outlaw burger. He's a big dude and couldn't eat it all. Might wanna bring a friend to take on that brisket burger!
4	Love this barbecue. It's a small little shack that serves great barbecue.I haven't had much barbecue out here and was skeptical of how good barbecue could be, but yes, there is good barbecue in Las Vegas.I've only been twice and both times I got their duo plate.With these plates you get the option to choose from: Brisket, hot links, spare ribs, 1/4 chicken, and pork.I got the brisket and hot link.The brisket is very juicy and you can see the beautiful smoke ring around the edge of the meat. The hot link has a nice snap to it and is definitely one of my favourite parts of the meal. Along with the meat you get an option of a side and I've gotten the mac n cheese and the potato salad.The mac n cheese was alright, nothing too special, but I do love their potato salad. It's creamy and the potatoes are still firm. It's a nice refreshing taste when eaten with the rest of the meal.Definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a quick lunch or just in the mood for some barbecue!
5	I want to write a review where I describe "how I love putting meat in my mouth", but I'm seriously too full and happy to be witty.  Plain and simple, the brisket and pulled pork were delicious.  They come pretty sauce-less.  Don't fuck it up by throwing 2 gallons of BBQ sauce on them, kids.  I mean, the sauce is legit, but the flavor of the smoke in the meat is amazing.  The jalapeno slaw wasn't super jalapeno-y, which is good.  You could tell there was a kick, but it didn't overpower it.  The greens would have made Popeye's eyeballs explode.  Mine were boss-level.  I do dig greens, though, so I might be biased...All in all, 6 meals for my coworkers for $77, plus tip, was definitely worth it.
5	I had the outlaw burger with fries. The fries were ok but the burger was oh so yummy!! It had strips of fried onion, cabbage, lettuce and tomato. Pickles and a banana pepper on top. It was huge!!! I could only finish about a third of it. Guy at the register warned me the burger would be big. It was a lot more than I had expected. Also had a plate with brisket and pork. (Not pictured). Also very yummy.They're open kinda late. Located NEAR desert inn and highland. On the other part of the place- through a different door- you'll find the hog fish tank that was featured on Tank'd!!! How awesome is that? :) I'm not usually a fan of BBQ but I'll definitely be coming back here to try other things from their menu.
4	BBQ place that just don't go wrong.. I ordered the PIT Special and it was delicious!  The brisket was so soft it melts away in your mouth, the sauce is so good and it's on every table! So you can pour as much as you want.. All over them ribs! Chicken!! Hot link!! Anything!!  The chicken was the same as many bbq place, but the Hotlink are made special and it has a nice kick to it!  Don't forget the sides... Ordered the loaded mash, cheesey mac and the fries.. All delicious! And come with big portions!  So id you want a good BBQ meal with a good price this is it!  Worth 19.98 for the pit special w/drink...so come down and give this local area a try...
5	Literally the best ribs, best food period that's really all I have to say if you want good real "legit" ribs how there supposed to be cooked try rollin smoke they mean everything they say and have the food to back it up would suggest this place to everyone! P.S: my favorite rib is the beef rib but I always get the rib platter special which is a great price and features every single rib for you to try :) I like to order an extra rollin smoke bbq sauce if it's an to go order just to pour on my ribs cause there literally right off the grill, hope this helped.
5	THE place for BBQ in Vegas. Check in on Yelp and get a free dessert. The people working here are super friendly and helpful. If you're not a local, do yourself a favor and leave the strip for this place!!
5	The food is delicious! I am in love with the cheesy Mac n cheese and their corn bread! It's a must!
5	It may not be near our neighborhood but it's worth the drive. In my hungry gals opinion it's the best BBQ we've found in Vegas
3	I ordered brisket with nacho fries with outlaw burger. Ordered before my cousin and he got only the outlaw burger with Mac, and he got his order first. And I look across of me and I see a guy that ordered his food after me, and he got the same exact burger before they got my order. So I ask the waiter why he got the burger before me when I ordered before him, and he just simply said that yours is coming up, playing it off knowing that he messed up. So after 10 mins later they bring my food, but I only  got my fries no burger. Waiter said its coming right out. After another 10 mins I finally get it. Was kind of hard to enjoy my food. But nevertheless fries were good and the burger was just as good. And the price for all the food was just. I would of given 4 stars if they didn't mess up my order and not try to play it off that it wasn't the waiters fault.Don't get me wrong I would definitely come back again and hopefully get better service.
4	The excellent reviews were appealing enough to draw me here. I wasn't disappointed. Beef rib and sides were very tasty! Can't wait to come back and try more options!
4	Probably the best American bbq spot to go to in Vegas
5	This place has some of the best BBQ I've ever had. The pulled pork absolutely melted in my mouth! I didn't have a sandwich, yet, and I can't wait to try one.
5	Hands down the best barbecue spot I've been to in Vegas. Highly recommend the brisket and ribs. Mac & cheese and corn bread is also pretty bomb.
5	As a visitor going off strip is usually only done based on reputation, including the advice of locals and sites such as Yelp.I am happy to report that Rollin Smoke more than lived up to it's great reputation. We arrived a little early (11:30am) for lunch, which was fortunate given that we just got ahead of the locals and the lunch rush.We ordered 4 different selections off the expansive menu and were all heartily pleased.Great brisket and pulled pork, amazing flavour, delicious sides.It is not fancy, mostly banquet seating but let's face it, BBQ is about taste, quality and selection. For visitors without rental cars it is only a short taxi ride from the strip. If you want a great BBQ experience at a reasonable price, Rollin Smoke is for you!
5	Yummm!! I can see why this place is so busy , best bbq I've had in vegas. I got the pulled piggy sandwich,  with the bacon potato salad. The pork just melts in your mouth!  It comes on a sesame seed bun which is alright , but delicious nonetheless.  My hubby got 1/2 rack of baby back ribs with cheesy mac and waffle fries. He hasn't said a word since he started eating ;) I tried it and let me tell you the ribs are smoked to perfection.  The mac and cheese is delightfully balanced , and the waffle fries are crispy and not too greasy.  Two thumbs up! Oh and we got it for around $37.00
5	Good barbecue is one of the most rewarding finds in the culinary world. First, one has to learn about the place, then one has to hunt it down, then one has to resist the urge to leave... because NO barbecue restaurant worth it's prices boasts the most upscale  atmosphere or structural amenities. But then the food comes; and one is suddenly more happy to be sitting at that grubby, sweaty little picnic table than they could have ever anticipated. So, that being said, Rolling Smoke Barbecue is the finest quintessential barbecue experience I've had in fifteen years in Las Vegas. I learned about Rolling Smoke from one of their newest team-members, "Chef" Nick. He's been a close friend of mine for years, and he has been doing an amazing job promoting the business. He greeted me when I came in, too, which was classy. The service otherwise was gracious and friendly, the Atmosphere was as modest as barbecue gold mines can get, and the food...Wow... The food.The ribs, brisket, and pork I purchased practically melted in my mouth, leaving behind only the subtle texture of the meats' not-so-subtle spice rub; a rub that thankfully doesn't overpower the undeniably robust flavors of the proteins themselves. ...A flavor that makes it completely understandable that the restaurant is perpetually inundated with a line of hungry patrons. Don't worry - though - the kitchen has it down and they churn out an order every fifty seconds or so.Oh, and at just over $15 (prior to well-earned gratuity), this barbecue meal is certainly worth the price. Please, go check this place out. It will leave you entirely satisfied and grateful that you stuck around.
4	Good smokey bbq with some very nice ownersTypically going to Vegas it's the same restaurants or small food/snack shops that keeps the stomach satisfied, but on the last trip a couple friends decided to come here for a birthday dinner. Upon reaching the premises my nose was hit with the mouth watering smell of bbq.Our party of 18 or so people were given a spot at an empty room and were greeted with great enthusiasm and hospitality. My gf and I were probably the 4th to put in the order of the Outlaw burger and the Rib Plater special. After waiting in the room slowly everyone started to get their food and were enjoying the dinner while we waited. After coming in to check on us (forgot the gentlemen's name) he explained the food was forgotten or being remade, which I can't remember, but long story short they got us the food and also gave us a free A LA MODE Black berry cobbler.Rating of the burger and ribs-Jaw dropping sized burger filled with such tasty bbq flavor that's complimented with the onion strings (DROOOL)-Very flavorful sauce (More on the tangy side) on the ribs and the meat slides right off-The cobbler is something that needs to be ordered either by you or someone in your party. I was so full after the burger and a few ribs but was able to have a bite off the cobbler and it was amazing. Full of flavor and just takes over all that meat/bbq flavor in your mouth.
4	Amazing BBQ, I had the BBQ chicken wrap. It was very good, but that alone wouldn't get me back. Its all about the greens! Best collard greens I've ever had. Place is small, but part of the charm. Definitely worth the visit!
5	It is not often that I give a BBQ restaurant five stars. I found the food to be very, very good. If this place was in KC or some other BBQ city, I'm not sure that I would give it five stars...Maybe I would. The meat (ribs, chicken, brisket, & pulled pork) was succulent, mouthwatering, flavorful, tender...I could go on and on. You get the picture. The sides (beans, mac & cheese, greens) were cooked perfectly with a southern flare. The sweet tea was oh so yummy. I didn't have a dessert, but I will next time. The service was fast and with a smile. The only thing that bothered me was the place was very smokey (the smell). It was a good thing, but it lingered in my clothes after I left. To most people, I think that is a good thing. To me, it's just one of those things that I perseverate on. LOL...I can't wait to go back.
5	This is really good food!  They really know how to make bbq!  I particularly like their bbq shrimp.  Brisket is pretty awesome too.  The employees are friendly also. Would recommend this restaurant to anyone that enjoys good bbq.
4	As with anyone who has been to Vegas a few times, you grow sick of the options on the strip, so one of my goals was to find a few places off the beaten path for us to try this next time around. BBQ is really the reason I started yelping and everywhere I go, I usually seek out a BBQ place to try, so when I saw all the positive reviews of Rollin' Smoke, naturally I was a bit excited. After our first long night in Vegas, we decided to skip breakfast and hit up Rollin' Smoke for an early lunch. Our cabby didn't know where it was, but it was a fairly quick ride from the strip.Walking in, you are greeted with a glorious, thick, smoky smell that always accompanies good BBQ. As with all my BBQ reviews, I usually seek out a way to try out most of the meats, so we ordered the three Pit Specials (3 meats, 2 sides) and one order of the Beef Ribs. We quickly realized we ordered too much food for the four of us, but it was no matter, it was all delicious. The meats:The Pulled Pork - The pulled pork was flavorful and moist, with a moderate smoky flavor. If you like pulled pork, you won't be disappointed by this. The Hot Link Sausage - Despite how good the other meats were, the Hot Link made a good run to be one of my favorites. This isn't like most hot links you see which are red in color, both on the sausage meat and on the casing, with that annoying spicy flavor that seems to linger forever. These had a reddish-brown casing and a very delicious and unique flavor too them, with a nice spiciness as well. Definitely recommend. The Ribs - The baby backs were delicious. Moist, tender, fall off-the-bone good. They seasoning added some nice flavor as did the moderate-to-strong smokiness. Another awesome dish.The Brisket - The brisket we were served was from the lean side and had a nice smoke ring to it and despite being from the lean side, was not dry at all. Very solid brisket and only due to the greatness of the other dishes was this our least favorite. The Beef Rib - Holy crap, the other reviewers were not wrong. This thing is amazing. It should be called The Flinstone or Brontosaurus Rib. It is massive. It has an amazing bark, strong smokiness, and tons of meat. It wasn't too gristly either, like many beef ribs tend to be. You get two ribs for 15 bucks and you think that is steep until you receive them. That will be more than enough to fill you up. A must order here. The Sauce - I think good BBQ can be graded as to whether it needs sauce, and the BBQ here stands on its own. However, the sauce was pretty good if you like sauce. The rust-colored sauce starts out sweet and ends tangy and is fairly runny too. It is great for dipping and doesn't overpower the  meat. So the 4.5 star rating for Rollin' Smoke is spot on and consider this to be a 4.5 star review to match as well. This Arkansas-style BBQ just made it on my mandatory to-do list in Vegas for each trip. If you like BBQ, don't pass this place up.
3	Four of us stopped here for lunch after hiking yesterday.  This has been bookmarked for a long time so I was glad we were going here.We ordered on the right side where you enter and then waited at a table on the more dining room side.  I ordered the meat trio with pork, ribs, and hot link.  I also showed them my Yelp check in offer for a free pudding with a sandwich which they honored even though I didn't order a sandwich.  Since the trio is more expensive, I guess it doesn't matter.I could tell from the time we walked in that they did their own smoking.  The place is heavy with the smell of smoke.  In fact, the first thing I did when I got home was to change my shirt.The trio of meats was OK.  The pork was lukewarm at best and was dry.  It needed their BBQ sauce.   Two of us had gotten that and both were the same so there was something not right with the heating in the kitchen.  The meat fell off the ribs and was very good.  I'm surprised I liked them as much as I did.  The hot link was also good.  As a side I got the kicken beans but there was nothing these beans were going to kick.  They were just normal baked beans with some spice.The banana pudding was OK.  It was nothing special and I'm sure it comes from some kind of bulk make your own package.  The serve yourself soda was great.  I was really thirsty after the hike and I went back and refilled several times.I guess I sealed the deal yesterday and realized I'm really not a BBQ person.  Lunch was OK but it's nothing that I would crave nor go out of my way to get again.
5	I am so very glad I tried this place!!! I felt like I was in Texas and it was great!! I'm not gonna say more than TRY ROLLIN SMOKE BBQ!!!! You WILL NOT be disappointed when the cook brings your food out! GO HERE!!!
4	Sooooo good!  Our group went for lunch and you know it's gotta be good when there is a line-up out the door and into the parking lot.  Despite the crowd we ordered and were served within about 20 minutes.  Between us we tried the brisket, pulled pork and chicken.  Consensus was the brisket was the best but all were thoroughly enjoyed.  The atmosphere was pretty basics so don't dress up and expect to leave smelling a little"smokie"..... Very good and great price, you won't be disappointed.
1	I saw Rollin Smoke on the tv while in Vegas....decided to try something different.....what a disappointing meal. While trying to decide what to order a young very pleasant waitress/server offered a suggestion....can't remember the dish...but it had 3 diff kind of ribs, she said it would be enough for both myself and husband to share - I would strongly disagree the portions aren't that generous. An older man took our order...unfriendly, he'd be better staying in the back. The meal came with one drink...he slipped another $2 pop on the bill - the order came with a bun....in fact that is a slice of stale bread which the remainder of the meal is stacked upon...interesting! We also ordered a side of onion rings. Food arrived, minus onion rings - they would follow per server. The waffle fries were stone cold....I went to the front - grumpy guy wasn't there so I mentioned it to a server...she could've cared less, I offered her one to touch, it hadn't felt heat for some time, she declined, she said she'd get us fresh ones.....10 mins later, ribs gone - fries arrive - 3 mins later the worst onion rings arrived. I will say the ribs were good, but the kitchen obviously is disorganized and they need new frontline people. I will not follow the recommendations of any tv show again....McD's would have been a better choice for overall satisfaction.
4	Rolling in deliciousness! As a local, I have found it difficult to track down the best bbq in Las Vegas, but after walking into Rollin Smoke I was assured I had come to the right place. The intoxicating smell of authentic bbq smokiness gave my sense of smell a run for its money and my hope was that my taste buds would follow along in happiness. I was so pleasantly surprised as the ribs, pulled pork, brisket and chicken arrived at our table. We ordered the four meat, three side combo to be able to try a little bit of everything. The sides we picked included the jalapeno cole slaw, bbq beans, mac and cheese and an extra side of dirty Vegas rice and cornbread. You know you've come to the right spot when everything you try is finished with an mmmm sound, a smile and a look of agreeable satisfaction to the person you are dining with. Just to describe a few, the brisket had an intense flavorful smoke on it you could see and was tender and delicious. The ribs were perfectly large and full of rich meat with a sweet intense spice rub. The jalapeno cole slaw was crunchy, a little spicy and had just enough dressing without drowning it. The mac and cheese was the perfect cheese sauce to noodle ratio with noodles cooked just right without drying out the dish. The cornbread was cooked perfectly,  sweet and salty with a warm layer of melted butter on the bottom that made it a little more guilty of being just so good. We look forward to going back and letting our friends know this is where they can find the best bbq in town. Thanks for bringing great bbq to Vegas!
4	Though I'm not a big fan of the sauces. The food is really good and it's priced right
4	I've been here several times for lunch because it's close to work and the food! It's a location that leaves a lot to be desired. Very sketchy area, no ac in main room, terrible and tiny parking lot and I wonder about the neighboring businesses and the cleanliness of the area. I was introduced to Rollin Smoke by their food truck at a convention I worked. Their ribs and brisket have amazing taste, flavor and texture. I just wish they would change locations now that they've grown in popularity and business.
5	Back here again!  If you guys are into bbq and are in Vegas, check it out.  Great service and awesome brisket and ribs.  Always friendly staff is awesome and the prices are more than reasonable!  Missed the owner this trip.  She's normally there all the time cleaning up and speaking to all her guests.
2	Stopped here after a concert... They were out of everything we wanted to try, we were left ordering hot dogs. The food was super greasy. Tried drying the fries with napkins due to them being soaked in oil. We had to just throw them away. The hush puppies were actually really good. I don't think we will be going back.
5	Mmmmm. sooooo goooooood!Every chance I get I sneak away here on my lunch break from work.The meat is so tender and flavorful. I must say I use a gallon of their delicious barbecue sauce on my pulled piggy sandwich. Sorry not sorry. When I get back to work everyone is so jealous when they smell how amazing I smell from all that smoked barbecue goodness.Prices are great and you get a whole lot of delicious food. Sides are pretty delectable too. I typically go with the corn bread though, it comes with two big squares.I leave this place so happy, full and smelling of smoked meat but it's so worth it!Not to mention the staff are super friendly and will remember you since you'll become a regular here.
4	This place just feels like a BBQ joint. Doesn't fit the Vegas 'profile' of hype, glitz, show & glitter. When I ask if I get my own drinks and the reply is, "Help yourself and feel like you're at home." that is the hospitality of a real Q place. Nothing fancy here. Paper towels on a roll (not even perforated) for napkins, plastic utensils, picnic tables ... and the food is for real. Ribs, brisket ... done like it should be with long cook times & plenty of smoke. Outlaw burger & BBQ meatloaf, excellent. Totally satisfying.
5	WOW! So GreatMy son and I went there for late lunch. I ordered the Biggie Dad, (brisket, pork, and hot link) on a bun with pickles, mac n cheese. My son got same. We really 3 enjoyed it. We back and order one to go, and the Guy ask me if I was local, said Yes! He ask me since I had on my Danica Patrick shirt if I like Nascar, said yes. He gave 4 free tickets to the truck race this weekend. How cool is that! A great place to return back too.
5	Amazing beef rib & baby back pork ribs!!! Super cute place & great prices...the outlaw burger was ok..not so great as i expected it to be..
5	Holy mother of God this place is fantastic. The moment I stepped in to this place from the smell alone I was expecting gold and I was not disappointed. I ordered the Outlaw Burger and is was huge, and delicious. The brisket was tender and smoky and the burger was moist and perfectly cooked. Others ordered the pork and I got a sample. It was melt in your mouth good, savory with just a little sweet. This is one of the best BBQ places I've ever been. If you're in Vegas, to hell with Gordon Ramsay, Wolfgang Puck, and those other celebrity chefs on the Strip, and get thee hence to Rollin Smoke.
4	Great hole in the wall find. I had the brisket sandwich and waffle fries and my sister had the trio combo with brisket, ribs and waffle fries.  Her brisket was the ticket! The couple next to us recommended Mac and Cheese and the catfish. Can't wait for the next visit.
5	This is one of my favorite little hidden secrets in Vegas!!  Great prices,  great good,  a gem in my book.  This was my 2nd time here and just as pleased as the first time.  I had the BBQ meatloaf last time,  which was amazing,  I would call it one of their signature dishes for sure.  The ribs are great,  the chicken was a little undercooked today but great flavor my friend said.  I got the catfish as the guy there told me it was the best in town,  and that it was,  big claim but he came through and delivered.  Light,  flaky,  crispy with a ton of flavor,  served with hush puppies,  I got the greens as a side and it came with cornbread and a drink for $10.99. You can't beat that!!!  It is on my foodie list and highly deserved!!
4	I don't know why it took me over a year to come back. Rollin Smoke deserves more of my visits.I brought a friend in today for dinner. It was her first time, so she spent a few minutes to look at the wall-sized menu. I also found myself staring and trying to decide what to get. I wasn't feeling up to tackling a big portion today, so I didn't get the outstanding Outlaw Burger again. Instead, I went with the Catfish Po Boy ($8.99) and a dessert of Country Berry Cobbler (free with purchase of sandwich and Yelp check-in).I spent some time nibbling on my friend's Dad's Favorite, which is actually a sandwich (and thus qualifies for the dessert, although we didn't know it at the time). The brisket, pork, and hot links were all pretty tasty, although my friend could have done without the hot links because she is even more heat-averse than I am. She definitely went for a soda refill at least once.My po boy took upwards of 10 minutes longer to come out, which I felt was a good sign. It was worth it for that catfish. It was quite moist and flaky, properly seasoned, and lightly crunchy on the outside. The catfish was definitely the star. No complaints about the spicy and tartar sauces, which I ended up spreading all over the sandwich. Lettuce was fine, lemon was helpful, and tomato brought a nice lightness. Only thing I would have liked is if the bread was buttered or something. The bread was merely toasted, and it actually looked a bit burnt, but thankfully had none of that off-putting flavor.The country berry cobbler actually came out at the same time as the po boy. Unfortunately, by the time I was ready for dessert, the whipped cream had died. I actually had the peach cobbler last time, and while I would probably take the peach if forced to choose one, the berry cobbler is also very good and has enough of a tartness to offset the sweetness. It was also still warm, since it was served in a foam bowl, but I'm thinking that it contributed to the downfall of the whipped cream. I'll have to remember to try to ask for a delayed dessert presentation if I do this again.I noticed that at least 3 tables had people doing the AYCE, and that made me wish that I hadn't had lunch today. I definitely want to try the all you can eat option some time. I enjoy that sort of thing, and I would finally be able to get my hands on all of their meats at once. Maybe I'll be ready to bump it up to 5 stars on that day, but until then, I still highly recommend Rollin Smoke Barbeque to all lovers of meat - and catfish.
5	Wow - simply the best meal I had in Vegas last week.   Much better than the very high priced restaurants on the strip.I had the baby back ribs, and a colleauge had the 4 meat plate with chicken, hot link, brisket and ribs.    My baby backs were better than any I have had - ever.   Great smoke flavor, tender, and simply delicious.    I'm looking forward to my next trip to Vegas and visit to Rollin Smoke.Wooooooo  Pig Sooooooie
4	I went to Vegas last weekend and we ate here for an early dinner on Saturday. We got there at 5:30pm and already there was about 10-15 people there. There was 6 people in our group. Everyone's food came out pretty fast but unfortunately they forgot to put in my order so my food came out last. Because of that, the manager (or I think it was the manager) brought me our a complimentary dessert which was awesome. As for the actual BBQ, it was pretty darn good! Can't beat it for the price too. I've had BBQ in Houston so it's not the same but as good as you can get for outside of Texas and especially in Vegas!
5	I had best, most tender ribs from this place! My family has been dying to go here but it's a little out of the way for locals, so we finally made our way here. The line took about 20 minutes and it was a little cramped inside, but there seemed to be enough seating. I got baby back ribs, mac & cheese, criss cross fries, and peach cobbler. The ribs are. so. good. Seriously. As well as everything else. Best BBQ I've had in a long time.
4	Came here with my boys the other day.  This is definitely a gem located in a hole in a wall in the middle of red light district.  We were a little skeptical at first but since the reviews were great, we decided to go inside and try it out.The place is not that big but it is full of people.  It smells great inside... something you would expect in a bbq joint.  You pick a table then go to the guy where you can place your order and pay.  They will then bring you your food.  Drinks and utensils are self served.  The menu is filled with great selection of yummy food. We ordered the following (our eyes were bigger than our stomach for sure):1) The Pit Special (4 choices of meat + 3 sides) -  We picked the brisket, pulled pork, double on the spare ribs, corn nuggets, bacon potato salad & mac & cheese.  The brisket was disappointing coz it was dry. The pulled pork has great flavor. The ribs is perfect! I love love the ribs... glad we doubled up on this.  The corn nuggets and bacon potato salad are amazing!  The mac & cheese is ok, had better.2) Meatloaf + corn bread for his side - my son loved this one. The meat taste great but the onion rings are overpowering for me (not a big fan of onions). Now the corn bread is to die for!  It's moist and totally delish... one of the best that I've had. 3) Chicken Wings (Buffalo) + Waffle Fries - my husband loved the hot sauce but he said the wings was alright (he had the hot sauce on the side). The waffle fries was not bad but it wasn't great either.4) Banana Pudding - this was disappointing for me. It taste like it came out of a package. Overall, this place is definitely a keeper for us.  We are all looking forward on coming back to try the other food on their menu.  The price is not bad, food is great, ambiance is casual & food servings are good size.
4	Good brisket/pulled pork and the corn bread is insane. Also try the bacon potato salad.  RollingSmoke is tucked back behind the strip on a dark street and they close at 8pm Mon-thurs.  I will go back again, just gotta remember to tell them give me plastic wear... It's kinda hard to eat potato salad and Mac n cheese without them.
5	This place is AMAZING and you're definitely missing out if you don't stop by here. Went to Vegas for vacation and thanks to fellow Yelpers, we decided to go even though it was off the strip. They deliver to the Mirage but only for employees, not guests. If you take the taxi, make sure you have the taxi's company number or your hotel's front desk so they can call a taxi for you on the way back. Or you can try to walk to Trump hotel and get a taxi. It is a MUST you try their meatloaf and brisket. We eat a lot of BBQ joints and this place is hands down have the BEST brisket and cornbread. Trust me. The place is tiny, you order at the counter first then grab a seat. You'll know you're in good hands when you see a bunch of locals.
3	The food was good for the price. The Mac was good, but everything else was mediocre. The best burger in Las Vegas was good but it was meat loaf, not a burger and for that I am disappointed.
1	The ribs were burnt to a crisp and the brisket was so dry.  I can't believe this place has 4 1/2 stars. Wtf
5	Definitely the best barbeque I've had in Vegas. Don't waste your money at expensive restaurants on the Strip. The quality of the food is amazing at this place and the portion sizes are generous. Will definitely be coming back!
5	Great food, cheap for the size you get.Make sure to come hungry or order one dish for two of you
5	Ok nothing but praise on this one. All staff were friendly and informative as this was our first trip. Then the food came, only planned on eating half and saving the rest for drunchies. That did not happen the food is great. Had the smoked links, pork and brisket. The corn nuggets are soo good. Check in on yelp and get a delicious dessert. A for sure return place.
5	Omg!! Thanks to my friend for recommending this place...Food is awesome...very delicious & tasty....prices as very good..you get a bang for your buck....they got a very good menu....it's hard to choose what you want cause everything on there is so tempting...It's a place to come to if your in the mood of good bbq...
4	We got take out and the sauces are awesome!  We'll be back soon, the brisket is pretty freakin good!!Definitely recommend!!!!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  I have not had anything at this place that I do not love!! I wish I could figure out how they make the Corn Nuggets. I would live off these things!!
5	Soooo good at a phenomenal price. I could happily just eat sides at this place they were all very tasty: okra, potato salad, bbq beans. The brisket was my favorite, but the chicken and ribs were also great. The pork had great smokey flavor but wasn't very moist. It was the lighter meat which always seems to be less juicy no matter where you go but with a little sauce it was fine. Staff was exceptionally friendly and the decor was cheesy but fun & endearing.
1	Last night on 10/9/14, I ate here and I cannot even give this restaurant one star but they make you pick a rating to post. We went there to eat for a club function. I don't know who picked it but this place is terrible. They serve you with plastic forks, knives and spoons that look like they've been rewashed. When I complained they brought out a new bag and when I took the spoon out of the new bag that I opened it had a dried worm on it. The food was greasy and my chicken was half raw..my friend's was cold. They use breed as filler for everything including massed potatoes.   The peach cobbler had two tiny slices of peaches and the rest was something I can't even describe. I will never ever go back there again and I would never ever recommend it to anybody.
2	Went here 2 weeks ago for dinner. I saw that this place got rave reviews on here and other sites and, honestly, I don't understand the hype. The location was a bit sketchy being literally under two freeway overpasses. I ordered brisket, chicken, with a side of mac & cheese and bread. The chicken and the mac & cheese were ok but the brisket was downright bland, even with a little bit of glaze on it. I'd be willing to give this place a second and possibly order different, but as far as first impressions go, I was not impressed.
5	Ok, so the food is OUT OF THIS WORLD! Like, knock you on your a** good. You will want to slip into a food coma afterwards. The location is sketchy. In a bad area of you ask me, but if you take a moment to pretend that you aren't surrounded by a buffet of strip clubs the food is honestly worth the risk of getting mugged. Seriously.
5	Have not been in the establishment, but they catered a BBQ for Pilot Air Fright. Great ribs, brisket, beans. Will have to go to the restaurant for s sit down dinner.
5	After hearing about Rollin Smoke from one of their employees, Dusty, that came into my shop to get a tire replaced, my wife and I decided to give it a try. Being someone who barbecues and smokes a great deal, I was a bit skeptical since other "bbq" joints we've tried just never measured up. I am happy to say this one did. We both had a three meat combo, with both of us having the pulled pork and brisket. My wife went with the spare ribs and I had the hot link for our third meat. We both found the brisket to be moist and tender with a great flavor and just the right amount of smoke. The pulled pork was moist and tender as well, though it could have used a bit more smoke and maybe some bite to it, more of a personal preference though. Fpr the sides my wife had the waffle fries which were good, but it's hard to screw up fires. I went with the bacon potato salad which was excellent, I also got an order of the corn nuggets which were nothing short of Oh my God good. Though it is a bit of a drive from where we live, we will be back.  To Dusty and the rest of the folks at Rollin Smoke, thanks for giving Vegas good bbq.
5	Awesomeness!!! They catered our work lunch and everything was excellent! When they ran out of food, the wait for them to bring more wasn't bad considering it was lunch time and they'd already fed 300+ of us. You could tell that Matt (one of the servers) felt genuinely bad that we were waiting but he kept a smile and sense of humor the whole time. Great food and customer service! Definitely will be having this again and again =)
4	I was craving barbecue while in Vegas and my good friend told me to come here. I ordered the Pit Special and got the brisket, chicken, pulled pork, and ribs with baked beans, mac and cheese, and fried onion strings as my sides. All we're delicious however I would probably get the hot links instead of the chicken next time. It satisfied my barbecue craving and the price was definitely reasonable. The staff was friendly as well and the wait wasn't too bad considering the line was out the door around 11am. I'll definitely be coming back!
5	I love this place!
5	All I can say is wow. This is the real deal BBQ. Ordered the rib sampler and brisket, greens, cornbread and Mac n cheese. Just look at the smoke ring on the brisket and the dark pink color of the ribs. You know they know what they're doing. I went to Pot Liquor at town square 4 weeks ago and it was during their soft opening so I didn't do a review. So far Rollin Smoke by far is much better.
4	We had a group and a back room was opened so we could all eat together in our own room!  The staff is really friendly and so helpful!  Love this place! Loved the burger! Can't wait to try more!!
2	We have eaten here several times.  I have noticed the quality of food dropping lower and lower with each visit.  I will not be returning.  I purchased 2 pounds of pulled pork.  I got 1.25 pounds of meat and the rest was fat. It was discussing and the staff could care less.
3	I have been here a few times. I have tried everything. Good food but not worth the hype. Great staff but the bbq is just ok. The banana pudding is great but the cobbler barely has any fruit in it. If you want some bbq a good place to go but not a place worth going out of your way for.
5	Best BBQ we have had on tour, and we had BBQ all over the country. Great experience and great service.
3	had really high expectation for this place , but unfurtunately it wasn't what i was looking for . too little flavor for my taste
5	Our neighbor recommended this place and it's definitely the best BBQ YET in Vegas!  The food is excellent and portion is great!  Wish they would open one up in Henderson!
3	by far the best bbq I've had in vegas but that's not saying much.  I tried the brisket (a little dry), pulled pork (a pleasant surprise), and spare ribs (very nice).  they were out of my favorite (hot links).  sides included beans (I asked for pinto but got baked.  they were ok), greens (nice heat but I like collards and mustard and I don't think they used either), mashed potatoes (very good), and mac & cheese (same as everywhere else). corn bread was good.  nice portion sizes.
5	Amazing food
5	The food steals the show in this restaurant.   Due to the popularity with the locals, the establishment is under strain to keep up.Food: 10/10 - This is where this establishment shines.  True barbeque.  The brisket and ribs have smoke rings in the meat and the building smells great when you walk in.   Great value!   You get a lot of food for not a lot of money.    Served on white bread just like BBQ should be!  Service: 7/10 - The kitchen really cares about what they are serving.  However the ordering process is under strain to keep up with the largely local patrons who visit.  The line frequently stretches out the door and with one person taking orders the wait can be longer than it takes to eat the food.    The person taking the  orders is friendly and trying hard to keep up but the management needs to improve the infrastructure.  The podium itself is very simplistic and the whole setup is not build to handle a crowd.Decor: 5/10 - They have a fish tank featured on the tv show "Tanked" but it is in sad shape.  The restaurant is worn out and a bit unorganized comprising of 3 disjointed eating areas.   The eating areas look like they were expanded to meet demand but in an adhoc manner.Cleanliness: 7/10 -  The area to get your sodas is sub par.  Poor lighting and hidden for first time visitors.   There were no major areas of uncleanliness but the restaurant was not beaming with cleanliness either.   Some improvement is needed.Parking: 6/10 - Parking can be tight.  Small shared lot.   Note: You are in strip club central in this area.Restrooms: N/A - Didn't visit.Overall: 9.5/10 - Don't bother with BBQ on the strip.  This is a local gem if you can go at off peak times or don't mind waiting for your food.  The food is what brings the locals here and for good reason.   The problems that this establishment faces are good problems to have.  Namely, they are growing fast and are in a phase where they should be planning their next phase of development.  They are in need of a re-haul on the building itself to bring the eating area into one cohesive place with a modern order taking setup.If they can overcome these obstacles there's no end in sight to the good things that lie ahead at Rollin' Smoke BBQ.
3	The food is good but needs more choices of bbq sauce. The one they have on the table is ok.  The brisket on the sandwich was chopped - would have been better if it was sliced.  The inside setup of the restaurant is a little bit awkward. The fountain drinks are in a closet. The person taking your order in behind a huge podium - you can barely see them.  The bathroom is well....... sad. The bathroom is nearly like a gas station's - useful but don't touch anything.  The paper towel dispenser fell off the wall, but nobody put a roll of towels on the counter so you can dry your hands off. They have rolls of towels on every table - just not in the bathroom.  Looks like the owner spent way more money on the mural in the 2nd dining area than in the rest of the place.
5	Absolutely delicious! Better than Phil's BBQ and much cheaper! If your craving comfort food like meat loaf, hush puppies, peach cobbler or banana cream pudding than this is the place to indulge!
5	Awesome. I came to LV from San Diego for fun and got hungry.I am spoiled because I life close to the world famous Phil's BBQ in San Diego. This place is heads up with them. This is the best compliment I can give to a BBQ place. We had the all you can eat, and everything was awesome, but the Beef Ribs have been world excellence!
3	I know I'm an outlier here but I think this place is 2.5 stars. I'm from the Sout and also lived in St. Louis and went with another die hard BBQer who grew up in fl and la. Everyone was very nice but was overwhelmed with the long lines for dinner and the food was just ok. Had baby back and regular ribs which were tough, brisket was dry, and Mac and cheese just ok. Maybe it was an off night but for vegas ellis island is still my go to place.
5	We picked this restaurant based on their rating. All these people were right! Walking in, it looks like a regular smokehouse but it is really bad a**. We got the baby back ribs and pulled pork sandwich. The hush puppies were the best we've ever had!
2	If you go, get the ribs!The ribs are the best meat offered at RSBBQ.The brisket was tender.  The chicken a little dry.  The on table BBQ sauce had a good flavor but was too watery and didn't stick well to the meat.Mac & Cheese, Okra were good side to accompany the rib.Go for the ribs!
4	Read about this place while on the and and decided to come here straight from the airport. Was not disappointed at all. Ribs just fall off the bone,  the outlaw burger is huge!! It has brisket in the party. Prices are good.  We will be back!
5	Best BBQ in Las Vegas. Great mac and cheese. Each meat item is outstanding. Wasn't a fan of the Brat Dog thing, but otherwise, everything on the menu is mouthwatering.
4	First time and I fell in love with the place. The Outlaw burger is amazing. The pulled piggy sandwich was small but tasty. Will be back!
2	I came here because I read all the reviews that were good. Unfortunately, my experience was not as good as everyone else. Our food was cold. I think I went at a bad time. There wasn't a lot of people there so I guess the grill was not kicking out hot food. I guess they just gave us what was leftover hanging around in the kitchen. I ordered the beef ribs because most reviews said to get them and they were really fatty. Rolling Smoke needs to understand the average customer had good bar b que in their lives and know what to look for when eating it. I say that to say, I have a strong feeling the meet I was eating was not made that day. I think the meat was leftover from the prior day because it had a very older texture to it. The links were good but it is not hard to cook a link. The chicken was ok and probably would have been better if it was served hot. The best thing we had was the kick ass beans and cornbread. Lastly, I been in Vegas long enough to know that most of these restaurants have good days and bad days. Most places, you are not going to get good food unless the establishment is crowded and they are forced to keep making hot food. I went to Rolling Smoke when it was not that crowded so I believe they just gave me the meat that was cooked a day prior. No way that meat was cooked that day. I think they didn't want to waste money by throwing it away. In my opinion, restaurants should never risk a customer by serving old food that should be thrown out instead. We are coming there for an experience and we are paying top bucks for it. I have been to restaurants and had a fantastic meal, just to go back to the same restaurant and have a horrible meal. Therefore, I will try Rolling Smoke one more time. I will chalk it up as one bad experience hoping to get the experience most people on this board received.
4	If you love that smokey flavor...this is a must try. We got the sampler platter with brisket, ribs, pulled pork and chicken. All were good but I have had better in terms of texture (a little on a dry side for me) and a little on the flavor (minus 1 star). The really got the smokey part down where the brisket leaves the deep red rim below the charred tip.For sides we got:corn nuggets -  which was yummy as I never had something like itcollard greens - i loved it as it wasn't too greasy or cooked with bacon. Instead they used pieces of the smoked brisket to cook it in. Delicious and less guilty to eat.fried okra - never thought this was good but it actually was. I wanted corn on a cob as one of the sides but they didn't have any which is the first I've heard at a bbq but since their other choices are good, i wont complain. Cost: Very descent. For our 4 choice sampler, 3 small sides and a soda to share ALL for $19.99!! I'm happy with that! Seating: Majority are in a big benches. Which you may have to share if it gets crowded. So for some you don't like sharing go when its not prime time or learn to be people friendly. Parking: Good amounts of parking but not a lot. Location is good for the boys who loves strip clubs because this bbq joint is near and surrounded by most of them.
5	Tried Rolling Smoke for the first time about a week ago & I'm already back. I got the pit special which included ribs, pulled pork, brisket, & chicken. it was all absolutely delicious. Their bbq sauce is unique and semi sweet but amazing. Both times I have come here the staff is very friendly and this time Big Mike was up front and actually thanked me for coming in and told me how happy he was I liked their food. Small business customer appreciation at its best. Would recommend Rolling Smoke to anybody. You won't be let down!
5	Had a hankering for BBQ. Which only meant one place, Rollin' Smoke BBQ. It is always a good sign when the line is out the door and it is well past lunch time. The line moved quickly and in no time had my order in for the Outlaw burger.   The pictures on the wall did not misrepresent.  This thing was a behemoth. Toasted bun, lettuce, tomato, chipotle aioli, enormous juicy delicious hamburger patty with american cheese piled high with red cabbage 'slaw and fried onion strings.  Normally these "kitchen sink" type dishes are a pain to eat as presented. But happily this was not the case. It all worked, the favors melded wonderfully and most importantly the burger was done perfectly. Cooked through and juicy as all get out. Left satisfied with whole experience. It's nice to have a down-home BBQ joint in Vegas.  So satisfied I ordered full slabs of beef and baby-back ribs to go!
3	given the hype, i was a bit disappointed.  nowhere near the best bbq i've ever had but for the price point and diverse menu it's not a bad choice if bbq is what you crave. could have been that we went late afternoon on a monday and the turnover isn't as high as peak times.we got the pit special.  i found all the meats to be average at best and quite a few tasted re-heated.  the baby back ribs were not enjoyable for me. the bbq sauce was nice - found myself adding a lot to the meat to help the flavor.the sides were excellent - we got: bacon potato salad, jalapeno cole slaw, and mac n cheese.  the cole slaw went well with a fork full of pulled pork (which wasn't all that good on it's own).banana pudding was terrible, i threw it out. i can make it better myself and i'm no chef.although i feel like we didn't really pig out to our normal extent, i was disgustingly full for the rest of the night.  felt like it expanded in my belly for hours to come.
1	Do not hire for catering events.... as the food was not bad the service was and is terrible.   I was not only over charge more than the agreed amount contract. . But also the additional labor request was a waste of money... they did not have the Staff bus anything as agreed.  Via email amd text message. We were prepared to hire bus staff from another vendor but they stated they had to have their own team bus the tables and serve.   They didn't do anything.Now they are not responding to any of the items we have in writing and i will have to bring in our lawyer. Not worth the headache. And if you saw the mess they call an invoice you would understand why they do not have any kind of business skill other than cooking.I would suggest using any other BBQ company in town to not have to deal with this chef and his lack of businessOne more thing.. if you do use them be sure to check the math .. as I had to correct it for them during this process
5	This food rocks, the best barbecue I've EVER had. Service was really nice, they were totally swamped, line up out the door. Fast service, line moves quickly.
4	I've been here about 4 times and every time was positive except once. That's a pretty good ratio for me. For me, this is the best BBQ in Vegas hands down. Let's start with the positivecorn nuggetssweet teaBBQ Chickenbaby back ribsBBQ beef ribs I like the casual restaurant vibe, they bring you your food but it's pretty quick and easy to eat and go. Prices are reasonable-hope they don't change. On to the negative-brisket and pulled pork was almost identical. One of them was dry and I forgot which one. One was good. Guess I should have remembered.  The mac and cheese was nothing special. BBQ beef ribs was burnt one time and small the next time. Collard greens-just ok. I would suggest sharing food to try more things. We get the same things each time we go and I guess I am okay with that.
3	We waited a while to get our food it was ok not as great as i thought it would be huge portions good to feel 2/3 mouths.
5	Ate here with a group.  Everyone enjoyed their meal.  Can wait to return to Vegas to eat their again.  I had the brisket dog, so yummy!
4	I've been hearing so much about this place, so when I was craving bbq I wanted to try it. Great menu, great prices, and friendly staff. The meat was seasoned well and tender. I ordered ribs and hot link and my boyfriend ordered brisket, chicken, and hot link. For side dishes we ordered mac and cheese, greens, and loaded mash potatoes. The loaded mash was really good, the greens and mac were mediocre... kind of generic tasting. I will go back though, and try new sides. The spudtastic looks delicious :)
5	Wow. What can I say? We found this place on yelp and had to try it. Got there right as they were opening and were greeted by the very friendly staff who helped us navigate through the menu. We ended up going with the all you can eat option for $25. Totally worth it. We got to try everything and had the staff bring us what they thought were the best options. If you're in Vegas this is one of the spots you have to try. You wont be disappointed.
1	Had a lot of fat on my ribs and chicken. Everything needed salt. Except loaded mash that was overly seasoned. Gave me the runs not too long after.
4	Pretty good! I'm not a big fan of beef ribs but these are meaty and tender.  Sides were cold but tender ribs made up for it. Mac and cheese not the best. Yams on point and greens good but they were stingy and they were cold. Container was half full. New spot just a hop skip and jump from my place and they deliver too!
1	Let me start by saying the food was good, once I got it.I came here for a business lunch with the rest of my coworkers from my office. I ordered The Outlaw Burger, and I ordered 2nd out of our line of 7 people.We all went to sit outside and wait for our food. Fast forward a bit to after everyone else has their food, I decide to go in and see what's up with my order.The lady checks my ticket and goes to see where it is. She comes back and tells me "it'll be right out". I wait another 10 minutes and see many other orders come out, but not my order. I ask again and she checks again, then tells me "just a couple more minutes". 10 minutes later I ask her "am I going to get a burger today?", so she checks again. 5-10 minutes after that she comes out and says "they have it on now".A full hour after I ordered, after all my coworkers have finished their lunch, and after every other table in the place received their order, they finally bring my burger out. I had to take it to go, since I spent my whole lunch break waiting for it.The guy who brought it out was nice and threw in some fries, but I was upset at that point. I paid $13 for a burger, even left a good tip when I signed the receipt thinking I'll be the nice guy who tips at these places, and the lady who caused all of this didn't even attempt to apologize.Needless to say, even though the food was decent, they just lost business from 7 locals, out of which I was overly excited to try the food here.We most likely will never be back.Thanks for the fries, mr. server.
4	Good quality and good quantity!!!I had the pulled piggy sandwich with waffle fries, and my husband had the beef rib plate.The quality of their meats are excellent, very tender and very flavorful. I am quite picky about bbq sauce.... and theirs is really good... I slathered extra sauce all over my pulled pork sandwich!If you have a big appetite... you will not be disappointed by the amount of food they give you either.....very big portions! The beef ribs are gigantic.... We left full!!!I really recommend giving them a whirl, location is a little rough, and the ordering process can be a little tricky.oh yeah, and the closet you step into to get your drinks is another strange aspect that you just go..... "okay, whatever"..... I can deal with a few quirks for some good food!
5	I've had BBQ all over the Bay Area and in the South but this was the best I've ever had.We had ribs, pulled pork, chicken and brisket.  I couldn't believe how moist everything was.  I didn't use the sauce because is was absolutely but needed.  Its a new "must stop" on our Vegas trips.
5	I always think I will get my money's worth when I go to an all you eat so naturally when I was given the choice I chose all you can eat over all la carte. I shouldn't have done that because the portions are BIG! and you are not allowed to order more unless you finish your plate! The food was delicious but there was a lot! I started with the ribs that were easy to come off the bone and had a nice sauce to it. I loved the breaded catfish because the tarter sauce had a nice lemony taste to it. Bacon potato salad which also had a bit of chives sprinkled on the top. I like my potato salad chunky and not too creamy so it was perfect! The dessert was a hit and miss the black berry cobbler looked murky but I tried it and I wasn't too impressed. It tasted a little sour for me.  I liked that banana pudding better.  Some advice is to buy a la carte if you know that you can't eat a lot. I felt uncomfortable after the meal because I over ate. If I was to do it all over again I would get the catfish especially , potato salad and the banana pudding. Those were my standouts out of everything I ate. I liked that there wasn't really a wait and we were served right away! The service was wonderful ! They kept  checking on us to see if we needed anything which was awesome!
5	There is a reason this joint is so well rated and it's not the ambiance. The BBQ is excellent and the prices are very reasonable. My wife and I both tried a combo plate; $11 including a beverage, a side and two meat choices.  The bbq is nicely smoked and the sides are spicy good. The service is fast and pleasant. But don't expect fancy or you'll be disappointed. Oh, with a Yelp check-in, we got a free dessert. Nice bonus. I bookmarked Rollin Smoke and will return!
5	Let the picture speak for itself. A brisket, sausage, and rib sandwich with a side fried okra. Yummy!!!
5	I am taking liberty of writing this review for both my wife and I. I leaned more to a four and my wife a five. Rounded off to a five. My issue is not really a complaint but a preference. The barbecue sauce had a good flavor, but a little too sweet for perfection and not spicy enough. I got the stock flavor and did not ask for options so partially my fault. My wife loved it so much she ate the trio burger without missing a step. I had the meatloaf with an extra side of Mac and cheese. The portions are a good size and get a free dessert with a check in. The staff also seemed to care about their product and asked me three times how I was doing.  Would definitely recommend and return.
4	Ordered to go. Was delicious. Have a smoker on the side of the building, you smell when you re getting close. Had brisket, Mac n cheese, bacon potatoe salad, okra. I ordered the duo with brisket and pork as well but I'm pretty sure they gave me chicken. Oh well either way tasted amazing! Going back for sure! Also try the banana pudding! All desserts homemade. So good!
5	Everything's hot and tasty. Can't go wrong with the brisket nachos! Busy but always goes fast, perfect lunch spot.
4	Gotta try the beef ribs! Very pricy for a small piece but very tender and juicy.  The pork ribs  was okay, a bit tough but good also. The corn fritters are soo yummy!
5	And we got a winner here folks! May have just taken my #1 BBQ spot in Vegas. Nothing flashing about the ambiance, but some damn good BBQ! Ordered the Duo with Spare Ribs n Brisket w/ a side of Bacon Potato Salad. The vinegar based BBQ sauce was just right. Great smoke ring on the ribs. Brisket was tender and juicy. Go here! Trust the fat kid!
5	Awesome, Fast service even though they are always busy. Got a free desert for making an appointment with Yelp, liked that . All food is great, tried almost everything at one time or another, nothing bad ever.
5	Plain and Simple.....Best Ribs in Vegas! N'ough said!Pulled pork is juicy.  Peach cobbler is my favorite and don't forget to order a side if Blue Bell Vanilla ice cream.  This place really smoking hot.   We live in Henderson but we don't mind the drive.
4	Well this was my first time.  I will make it short and sweet and to the point.  Yum yum yum.  It was all good.  I had the beef rib and it was super tender and juicy.  I had the pulled piggy and it was the best darn pulled piggy I ever had.  I had the burnt ends and that was not my favorite and I will probably not order it again but he sides made up for that.  Beans had a little kick!  The coleslaw was super unique and delicious and last but not least the little corn nuggets were tasty.  I ended my meal with the berry cobbler it was alright best.  I swallowed it all down with some sweet tea mixed with regular tea it was perfect.  I am coming back for sure to try lots more!  Mmmmmm....Service was good.  The staff was so nice and everyone said hi and seemed to care if they messed up to make it right as soon as possible.
5	Bomb barbecue!!!! They'll even com out to your event. This is good ole finger lickin good barbecue!!!!
5	This is one of the, nope, the best bbq joint ever. We had the outlaw burger which was sick, perfect blend of taste and crunch from the onions. No need to request medium rare as the burgers smoked to perfection. The biggin dads favorite had a mix of 3 meats that taste like they were bred in the same farm. I cant say how happy we are with the food and service. The hot sauce made my buddy tear up, tasty stuff. I feel like I can make a mess of myself,  wear a bib made of paper napkins and feel proud doing it. Free refills on the drinks and quality friendly staff make this place a obvious no 1 choice for bbq. Gordon ramsey abd his 20dollar burger can rot compared to a gem like this. one of the best burgers I ever tasted. The staff is so wholesome and authentically country with the way they carry themselves and the food, by mere presence they made me think they are co owners with the pride they have for their food. I didnt detect any of the fake kindness you often see at regular food joints. The owners should be proud of themselves and their staff.
4	Wow! Surprisingly really good BBQ. We didn't know what to expect since the street getting to this establishment looked a little shady. We parked in the lot and walked in. Yup, I can deal with this. No ghetto-ness here! There is a large board with the menu and there is also menus provided by the staff.You walk up and place your order. We ordered a smoking plate of the pork bbq ribs, bread and the mac n cheese combo and the fiancee ordered a smoked brisket sandwich. We also ordered the blueberry cobbler a la mode.The ribs were really good. I like my ribs with a lot of sauce so luckily there was a bottle of sauce on each table. There are 2 dining areas with TVs, as well as outdoor seating. The outdoor seating is pretty much used for smokers. The staff is really courteous, friendly and informative. If you're new to the restaurant, they are very helpful in making your decision. We did notice a lot of first timers.The only issue we had, was that our food came out lukewarm. Not sure if the food was sitting out for a few minutes before serving to us, but it would have been tastier if the food was hot upon arrival.Definitely recommend this place for those looking for a quick good meal off the strip. We had no wait, but after we placed our order, there was a line out the door. A lot of people ended up taking their food to-go, so that's a good thing if you plan to eat inside the restaurant.
5	On vacation for a few days. I went there the first night I arrived, and then the next night, and the next. you get the idea. The first night I had the pulled piggy. It was awesome sauce and I ate it too fast so then I ordered the chicken nacho fries. Put me to sleep. While I had the fries someone else ordered the Outlaw burger, at that moment I knew I was coming back. The next day I had the Outlaw Burger and the 3rd day I went with the all you can eat. And with a free dessert with the Yelp check in..Child Please!
1	wow...ive always relied on yelp to give me an honest evaluation of a new restaurant....the reviews for this place were very good...so I went out of my way to go and eat there....if your into bland tasting barbeque...bad waffle fries and eating on picnic tables..by all means go for it at rolling whatever...just a joke to call this a 4 star plus barbeque place....give me a break.
5	My boyfriend and I came here after we saw this place on the Travel Channel. I was very skeptical because its Las Vegas and its barbecue and those two words do not usually go in the same sentence, boy was I wrong. The food was amazing. I had the smoked meatloaf topped with fried onion strings, on top of a bed of pillowy soft mashed potatoes. My boyfriend had a plate of protein ( I forgot the actual name, but the plate came with beef brisket, chicken, ribs and waffle fries). The brisket was okay, but the chicken was fantastic and I do not really care for ribs. I would definitely come back.
5	let me start by saying that there isnt really any bbq places that ive tried here in vegas. But rollin smoke is something else.  this place is awesome.  ive had the outlaw burger and it was great i give it a 9.  ive had the trio plate. which consists of 3 meats of your choice a side a roll and a drink.  i ordered the pulled pork,  brisket, and ribs.  with a side of mac n cheese. the meats were juicy amd tender great with. their house bbq sauce.  this place is a go to if you are looking for great bbq at good prices.
4	As far as BBQ goes, Rollin Smoke is decent.  The menu is quite large and there are a lot of interesting items to choose from, including waffle fry nachos.  The burger is pretty mediocre (though it claims to be the best), but the rest on the menu is pretty good. My biggest gripe is the price.  It's as much to eat here as it is at a nice sit down restaurant. For a small shack that serves BBQ at picnic tables, it's a bit pricey. It certainly isn't the best BBQ I've ever had.  That being said, good BBQ in Vegas is virtually non-existent, and Rollin Smoke's existence is appreciated.  It's definitely worth a visit to see if it's your style of BBQ.
5	This place is awesome. I've lived in vegas for 20 years and just found this. I wish I knew about it sooner.
5	I'm not sure how many 5-star reviews I give, but if I could give 6, Rollin Smoke Barbecue would get them.  We came early on a weekday, and before we had finished our meal there was a line out the door.  We sampled several items, including the pulled pork, cole slaw, banana pudding, and ribs.  All were wonderful, but the hot dog with absolutely everything and the kitchen sink piled on top was a winner.  I don't even like hot dogs that much, but this was among the best things I ate in 2014.  The restaurant is in a run down commercial neighborhood and your eating on benches (inside or out), but if you're a foodie, this is a must.
5	Awesome place. Found it thanks to yelp after checking out of our hotel on the strip. Perfect post-Vegas-debauchery food!Easy to find right off the 15, just a mile from the strip. Parked in front, was immediately greeted by Mike (the owner I think). Super nice guy, helped us choose our menu items and was genuinely appreciative that we came in. Love that.We sat ourselves at a picnic table and our food came out shortly. Hubs had a trio of sliders and they were huge! I had the pulled piggy sandwich. Portions were big and sides were super seasoned and greasy in a good way. Hangover cure! The brisket and chicken sliders were seriously amazing. Best I've had anywhere. The pulled pork was also very good. Super tender and no fat. We got a free hot peach cobbler a la mode for checking in on yelp. Heck yes!Our ONLY suggestion would be better buns and more sauce on the table. Overall, this place is great with amazing service. We'll be back next time we're in Vegas!
2	The outlaw burger is basically meatloaf on a bun but it has good flavor. It just didn't hold up that well when you try to eat it like a burger. The side of fries came out cold. This was the second time that my side item came out cold.
3	So let me start by saying this is a tough lil spot to find.  If you are not familiar with Las Vegas u will get lost.  There is usually a line to wait in to order your food from a guy sitting at a podium like a judge in court.  The prices are very high.  I ordered a half rack of St. Louis ribs, a half rack of Baby back ribs, Half pound of burnt ends, and a soda.  This came with two sides so i chose mac n cheese and coleslaw.  I paid $50.  WTF...?  The ribs were awesome but the burnt ends were almost all fat and not burnt.  The mac  n cheese was something like what u get at a bad diner.  Coleslaw...meh.  Soda was great.  lolI assume a probably wont be back as its a pain to get there and costly.  I can eat at other rib places and get more bang for my buck IMO.
4	The food is great the line was horrible but it's worth every wait and penny...This food so tastefully good I felt as if I was in heaven
5	Great food! I love BBQ and have to say it was the best. People need to come try this gem off the strip!
5	They still got it. We had a little of almost everything & it was all good - I think they changed their rub a little but still good. Hushpuppies a simple thing but not everyone can make them right but theirs are good . Again if you are in town & want real smoked Q it 's the place to go & check out the smoker they had turned into a fish tank it  is cool.
5	$24.99 All-U-Can-Eat...need I say more!? Tasty bbq and sides galore. Customer service to match their great eats. I love finding gems like RSBBQ - definitely need to be in the know to find this joint!
5	This is my new favorite BBQ place.  My mom ordered the beef ribs.  I made the mistake of tasting the beef ribs first. Not only did I not eat the two meats on my plate, I ordered a full rack.  I had the pleasure of meeting the "smoke master" and his quote, description of the beef ribs was perfect.  Just as tender as a filet.  The corn nuggets were excellent. Sweet tea was not too sweet.  I chatted with a couple who ordered the famous burger and the meatloaf.  The guy couldn't pick his favorite out of the two.  But the lady said the burger was a clear winner.  All I can say about the burger was this is the first time the real food looked better than the pictures.The interior is not very large but large enough.  Service was excellent.   Excellent job!
5	Delicious bbq. We got their gigantic bbq burger and the trip of meats. The corn fritters were a must, the Mac n cheese was okay. Comfy atmosphere and great good. Bread pudding portion was very small but tasty.
5	The food is to die for!! I'll definitely be back - the cornbread and mashed potatoes are amazzzing!!
5	I had to try this place out after hearing so many good things about it - and I got to say, it's lives up to the hype! Food is absolutely delicious and the service is great. I ordered the duo combo which comes with choice of two meats and a side. I got the brisket, hot links, and potato salad. Brisket was nice and juicy - hot links were savory - potato salad was very tasty with bacon pieces and pepper. To top it all off, I tried Blue Bell ice cream for the very first time and it was a great sweet finish to my meal. TIP: Don't go at 12 unless you have time to stay. First time I went, the line was out the door! I only had an hour lunch break so I came back a few days later after 1PM and had plenty of time.
5	friends have been telling me about this BBQ for over a year. I went tonight...it was the best I ever had, I will be back soon.
4	Updating on the baby back ribs which we didn't try last time.Based on baby back ribs we've had most other places, these were not from baby piggies. These ribs come in at close to 3 pounds per rack! (two of us shared a rack and it was plenty... and we have big appetites) They are from huge HAWGS and are tender, delicious, loaded with meat, and did not have much residual fat.They are cooked nearly perfectly to a slight dryness. Use their BBQ sauce if you like. I had forgotten how much I enjoyed their sauce... one of the best ever. Next visit will be for their Brisket Dog and the Outlaw Burger. If you didn't read my first review, let me say again that the Bacon Potato Salad and Corn Nuggets are also very good.
5	I come from a family that treats bbq as a religion and this may be the best bbq I've ever had.  I've never written a Yelp review before this, but I feel it is my obligation to tell the worlds how delicious this food is.I came to Las Vegas to play poker and eat good food.  After eating dinner at this place late Saturday night, I am heartbroken that it's closed on Sunday because I was ready to head back the next day for lunch to have the $25 all-you-can eat (ANYTHING ON THE MENU!!!) feast.The ribs literally fell off the bone.  I cut the brisket with a plastic fork.  The bbq sauce was incredible.  Do yourself a favor and get the smoked meatloaf, which is served on a bed of some of the best mashed potatoes and is smothered in tasty onion strings.The staff was super friendly.  They were happy to tell me all about the food.  They all seemed to have a great deal of pride and respect for the food they served.Eat here.
5	Kickass bbq, it's off the beaten path but the q is worth the drive. I had the pit special and the ribs were awesome
5	Leave the Strip for this place, y'all. It's the real deal. Everything is delicious. The folks who run it are as genuine as they come. Don't let the fact that it's hidden underneath a freeway scare you away. Completely, 100% worth it.
5	The real deal!  Great ribs.  The beef and pork fall off the bone.  The sauce is added to the ribs just before serving.  You have to look in order to find this joint which is hidden away in an industrial area.  You need to go there!
5	The most amazing BBQ I have had my lips around. It's right on par with Franklen's BBQ in Texas. SOOOOO GOOOOD!
4	I was visiting Vegas and planning on driving here after looking at reviews.  But I pulled up the map on my GPS and found that it is around the corner from where I was staying at the Trump Hotel.  So we walked over, (which was a bit scary, due to industrial back side of the strip...)Food was very good we had the 3 meat option.  I very much enjoyed the Pork, Ribs and Brisket.  This place also has a very good sauce.  It ranks better than anything in Utah, and you have to go to Texas to find something better.  The only reason I didn't say 5 was because of the Texas experiences I have had.
4	Best BBQ I've had in a long time. My date and I did the all you can eat and boy did we eat. I ordered their brisket plate and the brisket was cooked to perfection. I also ordered their brisket nachos and they were delicious as well. Will make a trip to Vegas just so I can go back and eat there again.
3	Was drawn to this place by yelpers.  We over ordered and there's nothing to write home about.  There's no smoke flavor, spare ribs were dry and cold, catfish soggy, and the rest is meh.  Dickies or Phil's would smoked this joint any day of the week and pun intended.  Oh, a little guidance during ordering would have avoided us over ordering...but after tasting the food, no wonder you're eager to push out as much mediocre meat as you can.  One and done for me.
3	We shared a single order - 1/2 slab beef ribs and a pork spare rib with jalapeno coleslaw and waffle fries - and finished only half of it and had to put the rest in a box. Enormous portion for the cheap can't be a bad thing, but ... ridiculous would be a better word to describe it.Seating outside felt nice on a surprisingly warm day in December.This is one of the best BBQ I've ever had, and... we're still giving 3 stars.Probably it's just that we're not that into BBQ. We must admit that we need some enlightenment to enjoy that part of American culture.
3	I drove down from Henderson to try this place. Pretty busy inside. I ordered the meatloaf, two spare ribs, and mac and cheese.  I got this order to go, but when I got home no mac and cheese. I made a few attempts to call and left a message before I finally got through to a person.  When I told the guy who answered the phone that I was missing an item. He said "What do you want me to do about it?" Huh? I just spent 23 bucks there and I'm missing something. I will say that I'm pleased with the quality of the food. Just be sure to check your order before leaving...
5	This is the best BBQ in Vegas and quite possibly the best I've ever had. I ordered 2 Pit Specials to go and just sat and breathed in the delicious smells that envelop the entire business, inside and out. It was heavenly. The Pit Special consists of 4 meats and 3 sides. We got the brisket, pulled pork, 1/4 chicken and 2 spare ribs with kickin beans, bacon potato salad and onion straws with one order and cole slaw substituting the onion straws on another. I had to go up and place an additional order of corn bread, banana pudding and blueberry cobbler because the longer I stared at the menu, the more I wanted to try.The portions were generous and each Pit Special fed 2 of us. The meat was awesome! All of it! I loved the chicken and ribs. Juicy, smoky, perfect. The sides were all delicious. The beans were a little too peppery for me but still a great flavor and the cole slaw & bacon potato salad were quickly inhaled. Oh and the BBQ sauce was sweet and also perfect.  We stuffed ourselves.The staff were friendly, courteous and it was apparent that they loved their jobs. I see no reason to ever go to another BBQ joint in this town. Nothing else compares and I can't wait to try their many other offerings.
4	Outlaw burger was super-sized and only $8.99.  It had a full side of crispy onions onions on top of the patty.  Amazing burger at a good value.  The missing star is for a slight but noticeable lack of brisket (made up for by the overwhelming amount of delicious crispy onions) and my side of mac a cheese was decent, but nothing to write home about.  I had the chopped pork sandwich here as well.  It was good. It ain't Memphis BBQ, but It is the closest your gonna get to it in Las Vegas.
4	Probably the best BBQ joint in town. The meats, sauces and the prices are amazing. I ordered a meat trio combo for $14. It came with 2 Ribs, hot link, brisket, 1 side, 1 drink and a roll. Their hot sauces lack a little bit of  punch, but that's not a deal breaker for spice lovers. The meats have a good amount of spices from the rub and marination. Overall this is the best location to go for a lunch on the weekend. Lines can be very long during their busy hours. The parking lot is big, so you won't be driving around for a while to find a parking spot.
5	The best BBQ in Vegas or anywhere.  Rating should be eleven out of ten!  Outstanding!  This is the perfect hole-in-the-wall BBQ dive.  Real Southern BBQ.  There were six of, us three adults and three children.  Everyone loved it.  We ordered a variety of plates and items and shared. Everything was fantastic. The atmosphere, the "Mom" greeter, with her "Sweet Southern Hospitality", the menu options, and the food.  Break away from the assembly line chains and go here.  The brisket, ribs, corn nuggets, pork, hot links, potatoes salad, and meatloaf can not be beat.  Real home style food.  Our new favorite.This place is to BBQ, as Lola's is to New Orleans style restraints in Vegas.  As good as it gets.This will become a new local's favorite.  Get away from the strip, big celebrity names, chains, and gimmicks.  All you need for your BBQ desire is right here.
5	Best BBQ place in Las Vegas! Their food is so delicious that I just crave it all the time!! The employees are always super friendly. And their Hot Damn Bbq Sauce is the hottest barbecue sauce I've ever had! And I just love it. It's definitely a burn your face off sauce! Just a great place!! It's a must try type of place!!
5	Absolutely the best BBQ in the city. I always get the trio combo or the 4 meat combo.
4	Best BBQ in Vegas! Love the brisket and ribs..but cant go wrong with anything on the menu!
5	Best dam BBQ period !Spudtatstic super tasteBest Ribs in Vegas !Who dat !!!! Dustin !!!You make Biggie  happy !!!
5	Best BBQ I've had so far in the city! Came here for lunch and had the rib platter. So much food I had to take some home. Beef rib was huge, pork ribs meat fell off the bone. Didn't even get a chance to dig into the brisket! Will be back again for sure. Wirth the drive!
4	Spareribs were amazing! My boyfriend loved his chipotle rap. Their waffle fries are seasoned super tasty and a side of Mac n cheese was good. But the beef rib was too fatty to enjoy and the free berry cobbler was mush and inedible. We came around 2 on a Saturday afternoon and there was no line and lots of seating. The custom fish tank is super cute!
5	Excellent bbq by really nice people. We had a mixture of sandwiches. Pulled pork, brisket, hot link, and pulled chicken. Great waffle fries and greens. Enjoyable first visit. Great bbq flavors and good sauce. What more could you ask for.
5	You really can't say nothing bad about this place.  Rolling smoke has amazing BBQ, friendly staff, and is reasonably priced.   The flavor of the smoked meats cannot be duplicated.  You can tell that tender care and love was put into every bite ;)
4	I've heard how amazing Rollin' Smoke is since before I stared Yelping! I was super happy when the stars aligned and we got Jessie and her hubby Bill, Dyanna and her man Brent and Joel and I all in one place for dinner. This was also Jessie's and Bill's first time as well as ours. It was a Saturday night so it was busy. It's the kinda spot you order first and then you find seating. Joel ordered the famous Outlaw burger and I got the Triple meat with brisket, ribs, and hot links my side was potato salad and Joel's side was Mac & cheese. We totally lucked out and scored a large table big enough for all of us. It seemed like we just sat down and our names were called and out came the order. Wow! Joel's burger was huge! Like so big he didn't know how to start on it. He enjoyed it a lot. The Mac & cheese was ok nothing special. I really liked my brisket and hot links. The meat was tasty and tender. I was disappointed that the ribs were tough. Because I expected fall off the bone tender. Not a big fan of Rollin' Smokes sauce either. I prefer a thicker sauce. I did enjoy the potato salad and it reminded me a lot of what I make at home. Joel also used the Yelp check in offer for a free dessert. He choose the banana pudding which he loved. The atmosphere was bare, but had picnic tables and TVs. The dining area is split into two rooms. Because the turn over is so quick the tables tend to get dirty which is the downside. The staff was friendly, but since they were super busy they might have needed more people. The food didn't blow me away, but it was good. I want to go back again to try some other things on the menu. Plus, they did have excellent pickles!!! What a fun night! Glad to be able to check Rollin Smoke off my Yelp bookmarks list!
3	Aren't expectations a bitch sometimes?With over 700 reviews and a 4.5 star average, as well as numerous esteemed Yelpers referring to Rollin Smoke Barbecue as the "best bbq in town" I had fairly high expectations for my first visit. Sadly, I was not blown away.Allison S., Dyanna L. and I met up at Rollin Smoke with our men for dinner on a recent Saturday evening. From the parking lot the place smelled amazing, so we quickly got in line to order. Rollin Smoke is a order-first-then-seat-yourself kind of establishment which I have no problem with. I do wish the tables were wiped down more regularly though, as the one we were at was rather dirty. Our food was ready very quickly. My husband and I both got the 2 meat plate; brisket and chicken for him, ribs and pork for me. Each came with a side (green salad for him, loaded mashed potatoes for me) as well as a 'roll' which is really just a slice of bread. For me, good bbq means good ribs, and ribs will always be what I judge BBQ on.  This is where Rollin Smoke fell flat. The ribs were tough, not the fall-off-the-bone that I expected (and read about in other reviews). The flavor was ok, certainly not amazing. The pork was better, my husband's brisket was good, and Allison let me try some of her hot link which was excellent. Perhaps it was just an off evening for Rollin Smoke? I will certainly go back and try the ribs again, but for the time being I can not give Rollin Smoke more than an A-OK rating.NOTE: The price for All-You-Can-Eat has gone up to $34.99. Website is not updated as of 1/5/15.
5	Best beef ribs EVER!!!  I'm so happy to find this place in Vegas!!!  Absolutely incredible smoked meats!!!
5	I cant remember the last time i said "oh my god" while eating good barbeque! The ribs literally fall off the bone! All the meats were delicious !Great customer service, and every one that we spoke with in the restaurant had a favorite to recommend! We will be going back.......  A LOT!!!!
4	Is it overreaching to say that Rollin' Smoke is the best barbeque in Vegas? I am not sure why it has taken me so long to visit. I just know that I will be coming around more often. If I could, I would have eaten more. My eyes were hoping for dessert, but my stomach said no way.I got the rib plater and it was amazing. It comes with a monster of a beef rib, three baby backs, and two spareribs. For $17.99, you get a side and a drink with it. I got the kickin' beans and added the jalapeno coleslaw for $2 more. BBQ beans are often too sweet for me. Here, too. The coleslaw though is delicious. The perfect balance of creamy and spicy. The baby backs were my least favorite of the bunch. Mine were somewhat dry. I needed to smother them in their housemade BBQ sauce. Usually beef ribs can be tough, but I pulled the whole thing off the bone and inhaled. It was huge and contained so much meat. They have a $34.99 AYCE option for anything on the menu, but I felt like I was about to die after half of my plate.
5	I've been by several times and loved everything I had each time. The employees are very courteous and make you feel like family when you are there. I like how affordable the menu is for the quality of food that you get. For $7.99 I got a "Smoked Brisket Sandwich" and for a few bucks more I made it a combo which included a side and a drink. I also added an additional side of "Cheezy Mac & Cheese" to my order. The brisket is smoked for 18 hours and is the best brisket I have had in town. The meat has such great flavor! When it comes to flavor the beans have it and like the brisket, the beans here are the best I've had in town. The macaroni and cheese was very good too. I'm not the type to eat meat off of the bone, but I did try a rib and I enjoyed every bite! So tender and flavorful! For dessert I had "Banana Pudding" priced at $3.99 and it was the perfect ending to a perfect meal. Inside is clean and smells like heaven. So does the parking lot where you can on most days see the man himself outside smoking up some of the tasty meats they offer here. If you want to eat at home they offer a variety of party packs. They will even come to your home and bring their own grills and smokers to cater your event. Call them to find out about the packages they have and pricing. I am going to definitely keep the catering in mind for the future!
4	Well; as a Rollin Smoke Barbecue virgin I must say that I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch visit today and wish I had visited sooner.   It is a classic dive with no frills and the emphasis is on the food as good barbecue joints are around this country.   You smell the smoker as soon as you approach the doors.The menu has quite a few offerings but as I didn't want to roll myself out of there I opted for the $10.99 two meat and one side offering.  I went with sliced brisket and burnt ends along with Mac & Cheese.  I then added Greens for $2.50 so after taxes it was $14.58.  A filling and tasty lunch for a great price!The place was doing a steady business but not packed so I easily found a table and in a few minutes my food arrived.  Good speedy service!  I tried the sliced brisket first as it is a tricky meat to smoke and keep moist.  Well, it was smoky and had the right amount of fat which made for savory moist meat.  On the table is their house barbecue sauce which is vinegar based and quite fluid and tangy making it a great accompaniment for smoked meat.  I'm not a fan of the thicker sweet sauces so I was happy.The burnt ends were smoky, fatty and full of flavor with a good proportion of bark that constitutes great burnt ends.  The Mac & cheese was well made and tasty.  While the greens were stewed well the pot likker was a massive sodium bomb.  I have eaten a lot of greens in my days but this version was almost inedible.  However I found that once I fished the greens out of their pot likker and ate them from my plate they were easier to eat and full of wonderful porky flavor.About half way through lunch the pit boss came out and made a bee line to my table and asked me if I was enjoying my barbecue.  I thanked him and said the meats were great.  He then asked, if my burnt ends were good and not too chewy.  I assured him that the meat was moist, flavorful and easy to eat.  He said TY and walked away.  I thought it was a nice gesture but I noticed he didn't approach any other table so I thought maybe he was concerned with the burnt ends and wanted to check it out.Overall, it was a great lunch at a good price and I will gladly return to try their ribs and pulled pork.
5	I just needed to update my review to 5 stars. Food is great every time! I love the new additions to the menu, specifically bbq sundae for $8.99. Lunch time can be very hectic, so I try to go in before/after the lunchtime rush.
4	By far the best BBQ in Vegas!!!. Not a big fan of the Green Onions garnish. Kinda of makes it look a too gourmet "ish"... Otherwise great stuff! Love the sauce!!
5	Dude!, this's a hole in the wall place that will make you cough of you have any kind of lung issues. Aside from that, you are in for a real treat with their Outlaw burger. It is a big beast. I ate that thing like a teenage v***** And the ribs are to die for.
