4	Fast. Friendly. Affordable. Located somewhat off the strip and open later than most garages, it's a good place to have your car towed to off the 15.  Make sure to have your AAA card ready for a discount. The place is clean and open the two guys that run the place are really nice. They aren't the most technologically advanced fellows but they get the job done. If you are driving into Vegas and unexpectedly need work done, ask these guys first.
5	I was recommended to Art's Auto from a longtime colleague of mine, but had a new car and didn't need servicing.  After buying a classic car, I took it there to get a tune-up and what another mechanic had told me was a rear-main seal repair.  After his reasonable estimates, I left it there overnight (locked in the bay...Joel offered!), and the next morning he called that the seal didn't need repair.  However, most of the other seals did!  He talked with me that it was not urgent, and instead of spending over $2K on un-needed repairs, he told me to wait until it really needed it.  It was great to find honest & friendly service (at a fair cost!) in Vegas, and I will definitely be back!  Highly recommend it.
5	Art's was recommended to me by a co-worker. As a female, I'm sick of being ripped off by mechanics and I mentioned this one day and she told me about Art and how honest his shop was. Well, when my car started having brake issues, I of course took it into the dealership. According to the dealer, my car had serious problems that would require new brake pads and over $1,100 in work. Before I signed off on it, I decided to let Art check it out. Well, lo and behold, my brake pads only needed to be ROTATED and a couple of other things needed to be "tuned up." Now guess what I was charged at Art's? Around $200.00! That was my first of many experiences with Art's Auto Service and I have more stories just like this. I trust Art's shop with my car and I recommend him to all of my friends and colleagues. Go here if you don't want to get scammed or ripped off. It's really nice here in Las Vegas to find a mechanic that that truly wants your business FOR LIFE. I will never go to another auto service center ever. Period. This really is as good as it gets! My 5 star rating is much, much deserved.
1	Art's was recommended by a family friend; however, after my experience there I am really wondering how often they actually used Art's. The guys working the front desk are super nice, but unfortunately the actual work there was absolutely no good.  The only thing they got right was a basic oil change. I have a 2004 Toyota SUV and I took it into Art's for the first time for some work and they replaced the shocks, did the oil change, and supposedly did some work on the brakes.  They charged us just over $1,000 for the work which was reasonable. I have no problem with that. A couple days after getting the car back it started making a really obnoxious squeaking and creaking noise when I braked, turned, went over bumps, or even got out of the car! We called Art's and took the car back.  The mechanic got into the car to listen to the noise while I drove and commented that he is "not used to working on cars like this". I'm not sure what he meant, a Toyota is pretty common and basic! We left it there and it was quiet for about a day after picking it up later.  It started squeaking again, this time it was worse though.  We decided to pay and take it to Toyota AutoNation and they figured out the problem right away.  Art's had given us a defective shock that wasn't supposed to go in my type of car. I'm baffled on how they didn't realize this the second time around at Art's.  We took it back for the third time, told them what AutoNation said and showed them the paperwork, and they replaced the shock.  However, a couple days later the car was worse than ever and I was almost scared to drive it.  We gave up on Art's and went back to AutoNation.  The shock Art's used was STILL the wrong type of shock, and they told us my wheels could have come off while driving.  They also checked the brakes and apparently there was about a millimeter left on the back where Art's had supposedly fixed them.  My car is now just fine thanks to AutoNation's common sense.  I am very disappointed with Art's: It complete wast of time and money on incompetent mechanics and useless car parts.
5	Best auto shop in town Joel is extremely helpful and knowledge. He and Art are able to get needed parts for vehicles in quite a timely manor. The mechanic have exceed all expectations of a grade A auto service. I recommend Arts Auto to anyone who needs auto service.
5	This review is long overdue. I've been going to Arts for atleast 8 years and have had nothing but top notch, honest service! I'd recommend to anyone!
1	So far nothing they did was of quality work. Had to bring back repair, steering went out with family in car. Getting follow up repair now, we'll see.
1	I gave a 1 because i can't give a zero.I trusted Joel and Art's Automotive for years.  However, I had not been there for a few years.  I took my 1999 Passat in there because the battery kept going fead and Ifigured something was putting a drain on it.  Joel told me I needed a new alternaor and it would be over $800 and only then could they tell what else was wrong with it.  I talked to an independent mechanic and he told me worst case scenario for a new alternator would be $330.  I called Joel and ask how much to get the car charged and drive it home. He said  I owed them $ 185 for the tow and diagnostic.  i said the diagnostic only told me that the alternator was bad and Auto Zone would have told me that for nothing.  I paid the $ 185 and drove the car home.  The independent mechanic came and looked at it and said there was nothing wrong with the alternator or battery and I owed him nothing.  A savings of over $ 800.  And by the way Joel offered me $500 for the car and said it would blue book at about $2000 in good shape.  The fact is the car blue book value is about $4200.  The car is in excellent conditon and runs just fine.  Leather seats, moon roof, and all the extras.I feel like I was being scammed and will never go to Art's again even for an oil change.  It saddens me to think I could trust them only to find out Joel was trying to scam me!!!!My mecahanic has now fixed several of my friends cars and they are all very happy.  Thank God there are some honest people left in the auto repair business but Art's Automotive is certainly not one of them!!!
5	Arts Auto is the only place I will bring my car. The service is fabulous, the prices are fair, and I know that I will not get charged for something that I do not need.  I have complete faith in their services!
5	Just wanted to drop a note about how great my service was.Check engine light came on and the code thrown said I had a small leak in my fuel lines. It always seems near smog check month the damn CEL comes on right?Anyway, he offers to smoke test the car for $80 and I tell them to go for it. During the hour it took for the test he always came in to update me on the status and it was greatly appreciated. It turns out they couldn't find anything wrong with my car, the cleared the light/code for me and told me to come back if it comes on again.I offered to pay the $80 for the smoke test and he declined. I was pleasantly surprised that they did not try to rip me off. If my usual guy is closed, this will definitely be my next stop!
5	There's a mechanic there named John-Scott.  He is by far the best mechanic I've ever come across in my life.  I will keep going back to him no matter where he goes.  If he moves out of state I may consider doing the same.  Go see John and say good bye to car problems.
