1	This review is being posted on this location, despite more often dealing with the Eastern location. The staff swap back and forth between the two offices though, so it is relevant. Between the blatant disregard for HIPAA by staff members loudly gossiping/badmouthing clients in the hallways (yes, loud enough that everyone in the waiting areas can hear), ignoring and illegally altering power of attorney forms, and the front desk staff providing a constant source of misinformation/directly disregarding patient requests... I'm not really sure what to think. Hopefully if you need cataract surgery or some other type of surgery, your insurance provides you another place to go, so you don't end up suffering severe stress like a friend of mine has.
1	If it were possible to give NO stars I would!!! Unless you would like to go blind, don't go to Westfield Eye Center West or East. They have the same staff that just rotate between the two offices.I was referred to this office after visiting an urgent care facility with a corneal ulcer. I was prescribed 2 sets of antibiotics and a followup appt in 3 days in which I was to see Dr. Yee the "corneal specialist." After Dr Yee prescribe me a 3rd antibiotic, my condition worsened. My one ulcer multiplied into 3 which I was able to see fully in the mirror. I tried to get an emergency appointment as I was in agony and feared blindness. The nurse i spoke with on the phone assured me that i was not going to go blind under Dr. Yee's "corneal specialist" care and my agonizing symptoms were "typical of my infection." My next follow up appt, I asked Dr Yee "corneal specialist" about these multiplying ulcers and why they were oddly shaped. He responded indignantly, that they were just part of my infection, as if I was not to inquire about my own health. He merely prescribed the same prescription regimen that obviously was not working and a follow up appointment in a week. I requested another Dr in that office twice and the receptionists refused to admit me to another Dr even tho I had initially seen an ophthalmologist from that office, because Dr Yee is the "corneal specialist." After seeing this doctor for 4 weeks with minimal improvement, I got a 2nd opinion from my neighbors OPTOMOTRIST who immediately diagnosed my infection as fungal and not bacterial, he gave me the proper medication and within 10 days my infection was totally cleared. I now have a 2.2mm hole in my cornea resulting from the lack of proper science done by a "corneal specialist."Dr. Yee is a "corneal specialist" but he couldn't even diagnose the root of my corneal infection. He is short answered, indignant and seemingly complacent about his work. He is not the Dr. to go to if you want answers. The receptionists, nurses, and doctors all act as if they are the best, yet they provide no help.DON'T GO TO WESTFIELD EYE CENTER UNLESS YOU WANT TO GO BLIND!!!
1	The best way to describe this place is "ghetto". The front office staff is "ghetto" all the way, the waiting room is filthy, the place is something you would expect in Tijuana. The only difference would be that the staff in Tijuana would be more polite and caring. Enough is enough. Demand better. This is at the Eastern location. I assume the others are just the same.
5	Excellent service, extremely professional staff  and excellent care. You leave the office feeling you have been treated by the best.
1	I walked into the office no hello from the front desk staff, the lady said can I help you while helping someone else. She told me to fill out a card and have a seat. She assisted people that came in after me first and had someone else help me. An African American women called me up took my insurance information and said nothing about HIPA. I asked her about it since she made me sign it and she said we don't give those out because everyone leaves them in the seat. She then gave me one with an attitude. They never told the back staff that I did not want an eye exam since i had a migrane. I wanted my eyes checked for disease only and my plugs checked. She took me in the room and dilated my eyes for the test. She dilated them putting extra drops so I could barely see. (She did that on purpose) you don't need to get your eyes dilated for them to do a full exam. I told them I would like plugs and the doctor said he did not know how to do those. At this point I just wanted to leave! In fact my real eye doctor that I went to instead did the same full exam as Dr. Relyea and did not dilate my eyes.Horrible experience!
1	I needed cataract surgery and was seen by Dr. Surjeet Singh in the Eastern location. Dr. Singh is personable enough but the recommended treatment was totally geared to giving Westfield the greatest revenue without regard to what was right for me.  I believe the interocular implants recommended by Westfield had everything to do with up selling me into more expensive treatment and nothing to do with what was right for me given the topology of my cornea. Further, phone calls to ask questions about treatment were not returned.  The whole place is a big mill organized to make money for the practice. In the end, because of misgivings, I canceled my scheduled surgery and found a different Ophthalmologist where I was prescribed an entirely different  treatment plan.  The other treatment planned turned out to be awesome and my vision is now 100%. Stay away from Westfield.
1	i had an appt for cataract surgery and my daughter already had purchased the plane tickets when, out of the blue, Dr Westfield announced he was changing his days of doing surgery.  THAT REALLY SUCKED!   Never was even notified of this change and they lied and said they tried to reach me,  Found out when i got my preoperative exam.  When i finally got the surgery, the lens was placed in the wrong spot and i now have ghost images in that eye that Dr westfield says it would be dangerous to try to fix.  STAY AWAY!
5	I just had cataract extractions with lens implants by Dr. Singh.  I can see again!!  I am so pleased with the care I received at both offices!  Dr. Singh is very professional, the staff was very welcoming and accommodating.  So nice to be greeted with a big smile whenever I walked into the office.  I highly recommend Dr. Singh who graciously answered my many questions!    Judy Uebbing, retired RN
5	I sang this morning....(after Dr. Singh performed LASIK on me) I can see clearly now...the glasses are goneI can see all obstacles in my wayGone are the pitiable looks that had me sadIt turned into a bright (bright), bright (bright)Sun-Shiny day. I have never been able to see.  So when I opted for lasik surgery to rid me of my coke bottle glasses, I did some serious research.  I "interviewed" many doctors but it was Dr. Singh's confidence and personality that won me over.  He was confident of his abilities.  One a lighter note, besides being a doctor that cares about the well-being of your eyes, he is also quite an expert at putting the drops into my eyes..... It usually takes more than 10 tries for me (yes, i'm that scared of those things), but Dr Singh did it the first time. If you love your eyes, this is the man who will help you take care of them. I can definitely see why he gets 5 stars in every review...he comes  "Eye"ly recommend!
1	I am receiving invoices when I paid in full on my visit!!! SO ANNOYING......and the prescription is the worst I have ever had. They tried fixing it and still not right!DONT GO THERE!!!
5	I was diagnosed diabetic in 2000.  I chose to visit Shearing-Westfield (as it was known then) because it was on a very short list of ophthalmologists in the company insurance directory, and it was the closest to home.  NO NEED TO LOOK FURTHER!  Front office staff, medical support staff, and doctors are all first-rate, professional, friendly, and just all-around nifty.  My wife has a history of eye injuries, and the personnel and services we both experienced have been superlative.  Due to the variety of services, examinations and tests available, any given patient may have to move from one area of the facility to another, but all this under one roof ... I could not think of a better organization.  Bravo, people.
5	This review is mostly about Dr. Singh (He works at another center as well besides westfield eye ctr).  Dr. Singh did my laser eye surgery in order to help me see without glasses.  Since then I can see without glasses for everything that I do.  Besides being an excellent surgeon, he has great bedside manners and took his time to explain all my options including LASIK, PRK and even contact lenses.  He even discussed the risks with me in detail.  I felt very comfortable with him.  On the day of surgery , he met me in preoperative room to answer any last minute questions.  My surgery was painless and I was able to see well on my drive back home.  Dr Singh simply changed my life.  No more contact lenses, solutions, glasses.  The one thing his office can improve on is wait time.  But Dr. Singh certainly made up for it by taking time to answer all my questions at every visit.  I have recommended him to my friends who have since had the same experience.
5	Absolute rave reviews for Dr. Singh and his team at Westfield Eye!  Intelligent, caring, and delivering all I expected and hoped for, and then some.  Stone Creek Surgery Center and their staff for cataract surgery for both eyes with Dr. Singh was like turning the clock back three decades.  I'm seeing things sharply and clearly without glasses that I haven't seen for years.   Dr. Singh's Surgery Scheduler Ariceli Herrera was also a true blessing, giving me free samples of those required prescription eye drops that would have cost me $190 each at CVS!By the way, each of four appointments and two surgeries, (even at 6.20 in the morning), were right on time.  Dr. Singh never kept me waiting for an appointment even though there was quite a crowd in the lobby each time.   Note:  Right after my surgery, Westfield Eye and our insurance company, Humana, were apparently unable to come to an agreement.   So my wife's surgery with Dr. Singh has moved over to Nevada Eye, but will still be done at Stone Creek Surgery Center.
