5	Best salon in Dormont, if not the city.
5	Always leaving incredibly happy
5	Because I am the cheapskatiest of cheapskates, I love Groupon, but I have always been wary of buying Groupons for things like haircuts - they're so personal, and when they go wrong, they can go SO VERY WRONG. But, feeling particularly poor and without having established a favorite hair person here in Pittsburgh, I took a chance and bought a Groupon for Sergios.  I even made an appointment with someone totally unknown - no yelp reviews, no word of mouth approval, no bio on the website, no nothing!  That's right y'all I can be spontaneous.   Good thing I only had highlights & a trim planned...and lucky me, it was fantastic.You can tell that the space has fairly recently transitioned from down-home barbershop to classy salon (due to a change of ownership from father to son, apparently).  All of the staff seemed uniformly very young and very hip, but still friendly and accommodating.  The music was all 90s and 2000s pop and alternative throwbacks that were such a delight.  And my mystery hairstylist was awesome - Dave not only gave me a really great cut and the most thorough highlighting of my life, but he also charmed my pants off - just a genuine, friendly, interesting fellow.I highly recommend this little gem - and if you've never been to Dormont, here's your chance! (I hear there's karaoke at the Apple on Tuesdays...)
5	Just moved back to the Burgh after 20 years, had to desperately get my hair hooked up, cut and color.. I have been a faithful Vidal Sassoon junkie in Scottsdale, AZ for years with an amazing stylist. I am happy I came upon Sergios's I found them on Groupon, but I didn't use the Groupon as I prefer to start my loyalties off on the right foot and give to my local community and business partners. I am so happy I took a chance, and the plunge head first into their doors. The moment I walked in, everyone was very friendly and warm. I didn't have to wait long and my New stylist, was on time. I'd definitely recommend Karen Hobaugh, her expertise and knowledge is top of the line! She travels often to continue her education and hone her skills... And the girl certainly has got them! She recently returned from LA taking advanced instruction through Sassoon! I'm a happy camper! Just excellent, she took her time, gave me an amazing assessment, mapped out a plan for my locks.. I have great confidence in my new choice of stylist and will definitely return and look nowhere else. Oh and the salon I guess has been updated since the original salon and is very clean and young and has a modern feel and twist to it, and the owner Sergio was there doing his thing too, he was very friendly and they are all so incredibly accommodating .. There's parking in the back (which I was not aware since I'm new back to the burgh and directionally challenged! ) but Sergio was kind enough to provide his own quarters and sent a staff member actually out to add more quarters to my meter, and another clients that was in there as well... Let me reiterate, there is parking in the back :) Don't look any further.. Give this place a shot. I'm very picky.. You will be satisfied :)CHEERS!
5	Great salon!  The staff is always very friendly and welcoming. I've been here three times so far and have always left feeling beautiful!  Make an appointment with Karen, she is a hair genius!  She always does an amazing job at keeping up with my current demands! (:
5	I have been going to Bri at Sergio's for about a year and a half.  I came in frazzled one day and said...Make me blonde again!  Without hesitation, she gave me a beautiful blonde makeover.  I had gotten the runaround from about 3 other salons saying that I had to have a double process and things like...it's a lot of maintenance.  Bri knew exactly what I wanted, put a plan in place and now we have a routine that is perfect for me.  She gives great cuts and THINS my hair the way I like it!  She's nice and friendly but not overly talkative.  I enjoy all of the people at this salon.  They are young and hip and friendly and knowledgeable.  I would recommend it to anybody who is looking to for a positive experience.
5	On a whim I decided to redo my current hairstyle. I work six days a week and usually 8-10 hour shifts at awkward times. I called Sergio's and they immediately welcomed me and said "how soon can you get here". I had the pleasure of meeting Karen and I must say she is EXCELLENT. I challenged her with just a picture of an inverted ombre (light blonde to dark brown) and she was so excited for the challenge. She informed me of every decision she was making and made sure that I was comfortable the entire time. I had work shortly and when I made that a point to Karen, she did not rush or do the job half way, but rather she gave me exactly what I wanted in just the nick of time. I don't think I'll be going anywhere else for a long time because of the positive experience I had.
5	I went to Sergio's for the first time today. It was highly recommended by my friend. I had a fabulous experience--probably THE BEST salon experience and I'm pushing 60, so I've been to a lot of salons in my lifetime!I was treated like a queen and given so much individual attention by Sergio and his staff. Sergio corrected my color and did a beautiful job. He also gave me a fantastic cut. Sergio, along with Amanda, gave me lessons on how to style my hair, which was wonderful. Amanda gave me an amazing shampoo & massage and recommended hair products that work best for me. Karen did an impeccable and thorough job waxing my eyebrows and upper lip. I'm sorry I don't remember the name of the receptionist, but she was very welcoming and helpful.When my parking meter was about to expire, they went outside to feed it extra quarters so I wouldn't get a ticket. Sergio's is top notch. I highly recommend it.  Sergio and his staff are talented, professional, friendly and respectful of their clientele. I love my hair and can't wait to go back!
5	I've been going here for over 7 years!! Best salon in Pittsburgh. Ask for Marissa. I promise you won't be disappointed. It's a clean, fun and relaxed environment. I highly recommend an appointment, and bring quarters. Pay parking in the back of the building.
5	Book with Dessa. She fixed my ombre disaster that I had with an expensive downtown salon. She took her time with my hair and didn't rush me and I didn't stay for more than 3 hrs there. I love my new sombre (subtle ombre) look for the summer. She listened to my wants and told me what she was doing while prepping and placing the colors in my hair. My hair was a project, but she was easy going about it and made me feel comfortable. She even styled it at the end in waves just like how I do it usually with minimal products. I booked her through Groupon and although there was a $30 add-on to correct the color, it was worth it.
5	I've been coming here for a few years for hair services, and they always do a great job, but this review is of their wedding services. We came here for my sister's wedding. Book early, especially during wedding season! They have a fancy private room where we could all be together and enjoy breakfast while getting beautiful. They planned well and had everyone's hair and makeup done in the estimated timeframe. But the most important part is that everyone looked gorgeous and was very happy with their look. Between the bride, bridesmaids, and moms, we had 9 ladies, and they all had great things to say. I wish they could do my hair and makeup everyday! Thanks to Sergio's, it was a good start to a flawless day. I highly recommend their team for any special event.
2	Another ugly haircut like everywhere in Pittsburgh. For $60 with the owner. Trusted the reviews, but now look like a Pittsburgh redneck. No hair on the sides and long on the back!
5	I had been searching for a stylist for years and never found one that I liked. I decided to try Sergio's through a Groupon offer and am I glad I did.. I have finally found my salon. I LOVE my stylist Emily Roman. She takes the time to make sure my style and color was exactly what I wanted. I have been back several times with the same excellent results. I have never received so many compliments on both the style and color. I would highly recommend Sergio's Style - ask for Emily! You wont regret it.Lyn K. Mt. Lebanon
