5	Hogs Heaven is a new joint that opened in NLV. Ok for one thing what attracted me is - Hog's Heaven....means PIG - to a filipino it means..YUM. But the picture of a pig with wings and a halo....BURNING IN FIRE....made me laugh. This isn't a restaurant. More like a takeout delivery place. We were greeted by:"Hi How are you?"  ~ Service with a smile."Good...." ~ Universal answer for that statement."Do you like baby back ribs?"  "yea" ~ Universal answer for that statementSounds of loud blues music playing in the background, and watching the guy in the back on the grill with my sample ribs.As I sunk my teeth into these ribs my eyes opened up and mouth watered with joy when pulled the meat ever so tenderly off the bone...Yes people. As long as I lived. This is by far the greatest babybackribs I have ever had. So I got a rack. Some coleslaw which was pretty good. But I've had better. Mac and cheese - REALLY GOOD. I would say top 5 mac and cheese's I've had. Dude seriously. I had it again for an Easter party. We ordered 4 racks. I was told by old people that these were the best ribs they've ever had. No you don't understand. IT'S FANF*CKINGTASTIC. I don't label a lot of things that. But this is definitely worth it. I can't wait to go back!!!
5	Hogs Heaven is definitely the best rib place in town! Recently i got some to go food for myself and some coworkers. I had the pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw (i HATE coleslaw) my friends got ribs and we all shared sides of potato salad and mac and cheese. everything was absolutely amazing! The service is awesome, I've only been in twice and feel like part of the family. the only negative thing i would say is that their prices are a bit high, but to me its worth every penny.. and it keeps me from going there too often...gotta watch the figure!
2	I have a dilemma- what to do about a place that the locals seem to love but left me underwhelmed?!! When I read the reviews about Hogs Heaven, I had to give it a try when I was in the neighborhood the other night. My experience left me with the sense that if this is indeed the best place in town, the town needs more rib joints. Apologies to those who love this place, but I'm sorry, this is mediocre bbq. Where does one barbeque in a strip mall? I am sure the property manager frowns upon large, smoke-belching bbq grills and piles of hardwood fuel logs behind the building. So that leaves par cooking in a pressure cooker (I will admit that it does make it fall-off-the-bone tender) and finishing on an indoor gas grill. When you have good barbeque, everyone knows because that smokey scent is everywhere, not just on the food. Apart from the sauce (which is pretty good, btw) the ribs were tasteless. The pulled pork sandwich was a little better, but again more flavor from the sauce than the meat itself. For sides, we had mac & cheese, potato salad and skillet beans. I liked the sides more than the meats. The mac & cheese had a little bit of chili pepper or spicy seasoning, as did the beans. Both had good flavor. For dessert, we had the peach cobbler. It had a hidden ingredient or two- maybe a hint of apple and/or banana to add flavor. While it tasted good, the portion was tiny for a cobbler and as a result, a bit pricey.To sum it up, Hogs Heaven may be good for the area, but it falls short of good barbeque.
2	referred by a co-worker as the best bbq in north las vegas.we drove 15 miles and when we got there it was closed. re-located!!according to the pizzeria owner next door it's been gone for 5 months.moved to a west side location.guess our referral hasn't been there in awhile!!try their other location at:sassy sally's7785 n durango drlas vegas, nv 89131(702) 458-7427
5	This place is pretty darn good, the meat is great, as is the sauce and staff AND it is VERY CLEAN!!All their food is homemade and they surly don't skimp on portions, actually they always give us extra. Yes they moved a while ago due to the economy, BUT recently reestablished themselves in the same spot, the good news is NOW you can't keep the place empty! I don't know what the reviewer from 2007 was talking about but they smoke the ribs daily there??? The meat does fall off the bone as well! BTW, to get the meat to do that, YES you have to boil or steam the ribs, BUT that is a no brainier for BBQers which I don't think that guy was. Anyways feel free to ask them for the ribs without sauce and they will serve you up a nice smokey rib. I did not do it but my dad did as he needed sugar free sauce (he took with him) he is a diabetic. I did try it without the sauce and it tasted like a plane smoked rib, because that is what it was..I have grilled and smoked meat for a better part of my adult life and besides a slight smokey aroma and even slighter taste, smoked meat in my opinion is bland without a sauce and spice of "some" kind. It's the blending of smoke, spice and sauce that offers a great BBQ, not a purely smoked rib, who eats BBQ ribs like that anyway?Anyway, give them a try, my Army buddies and I go there quite often and I and would (and have) recommend Hogs Heaven to anyone with the taste for great BBQ.1)SUPER-SUPER CLEAN RESTAURANT2)VERY NICE STAFF3)GREAT PORTION SIZE4)TASTESimply Good,SFC, WSV
5	Yes Yes Yes Yes YES!  Finally ! Sittin' outside eating fantasitc BBQ ribs and potato salad and mac n cheese and OMG the sauce!  mmmmmhmmm.... no lie - you can't pass it up... I wanted to stay and listen to the blues for hours but it was too late, they close at 10.  Honestly, I would've ordered a beer or two and sat around if I had the chance.  And they totally make you feel like you can stay - no rush for sure.  Great chattin' w the owner and workers... what more do you want at a BBQ?!!!
5	Excellent BBQ, Love their pulled pork sandwich and THEY DELIVER.... this is a life saver for my family.
