5	I'm not usually a big art studio or museum fan. I never grew out of my desire to touch and interact with everything, making visiting a place like that akin to bringing a child along.But I really like this place. It's...artsy, inviting and dare I say, a little bit messy. Owner Kyle practically lives here (he might be living there full time by now) and walking in is a pleasure in that it's like walking into a beautiful playroom you can actually interact with.His paint-can wall--excuse me if there is a better word for it--has been the wallpaper on my iPhone for months now. His fridge is full with chocolate milk (which for some reason I find hilarious) and his shelving system on rails acts as a handy way to separate the space.Oh, and Kyle radiates energy, too. So check it out. Stop by, bring some beer and immerse yourself. You won't be disappointed.
5	Attended Kyle's grand opening this past Thursday and it was spectacular. It's fascinating when you can actually talk about the art with the artists. Makes the experience more enjoyable.Found out he has a new piece being shown in the new Peoria library AND that he's thinking about hosting small, invite-only shindigs here, which is great as he's got plenty of space and a pool table. Cool place to hang out!
4	Hey, art is very personal so I won't pretend to be objective about jordre studio.  What I can tell you is that anyone who has the cajones to open their own studio and, more importantly, the staying power to be an ongoing entity is deserving of praise.  I have a friend who owns several of Kyle's pieces and they look spectacular.If, like me, you look for a personal connection with your art, you'll be hard pressed to do better than JS.  Kyle is outgoing and personal and, if you're especially nice, he'll share a Schwann's ice cream sandwich with you.  How about that for an artistic connection?!
5	For me, Grand Avenue is really where the action is on First Friday. I think the galleries there are more exciting and interesting. Case in point, Jordre Studio. Kyle is the kind of person I like. He lives by my same motto: don't dream it, be it. He's the kind of artist I like as well: he's not formally trained, he's self taught and self made and creates art that is entirely his own. You (meaning me) can feel a sense of freedom and joy and fun in his work. The paint is so thick that you just want to touch it. I understand all art is subjective, some people may not like it and that's fine. But his studio and his work are worth checking out nonetheless.
