5	This group of professionals offer superior midwifery services! They go above and beyond the call of duty, offering many extras for their ladies and their families!! They asked my to come by and teach infant massage today, which I did, and was impressed with their facility as well. They also have provided their women with other great classes and prenatal massages! First class care all the way!!
5	You only should consider having your baby with Babymoon Inn under the following circumstances:1. You want the best pre-natal care in the state.2. You want the best post-natal care in the state.3. You want the best classes that prepare you for the birth of your baby.4. You want the best massage when your back just can't take it anymore.5. You want to be able to always get in touch with someone who is knowledgable and caring.6. You want to be surrounded by the BEST team of women during the birth of your child.Seriously. If you've decided to use a birth center, there is, in my mind, no other option. The team at Babymoon Inn goes above and beyond to make sure that what could be one of the scariest events transforms into the most positive, supportive, and loving events of your life. The office and exam rooms are beautifully maintained and feel warm. The colors and fabrics are a far cry from the traditional doctor's office. The birth center is just absolutely beautiful and cozy. The details matter, and when you are in labor, it's comforting to know that you chose this beautiful environment, right down to what's in the refrigerator and what's on the music playlist.  The classes I took beforehand were taught by strong women with lots to great wisdom to share with someone like me, a total pregnancy noob. OH! That's how you put a diaper on! Oh! I had no idea about the stages of labor! Oh! Breastfeeding! (Yup, all of it was news to me.)During my  birth, I had my doula, a nurse, a nurse's assistant, a midwife, and family surrounding me--all my choice. My family was able to hang out in the living room while I was in the bedroom laboring . . . Basically, everything that happened was my choice, based on what was safest for my baby.Following my birth, Babymoon Inn continued to be supportive. The help I received with lactation consultation was invaluable. And the Inn Mommies group meets regularly to answer those questions that just seem to keep coming, long after the birth of my child. What you choose, when you choose Babymoon, is community. To build community with strong women is a beautiful thing, and choosing Babymoon Inn was the the best decision I made during my pregnancy.
5	Babymoon Inn gives you everything in your pregnancy and birth that you cannot get at a doctors office or hospital. Every time I go in (I still go weekly with my 3 month old for mommy group) I feel like Im in my home away from home. The nurses, midwives, and doulas are amazing and always make me feel special. I definitely recommend birthing your first, second, or seventh baby here! You wont regret it
5	I had my first baby at Babymoon Inn 7 weeks ago and it was the best experience of my life. I work in a local hospital and decided that I wanted a more personal, natural experience for my birth. The midwives and nurses at Babymoon Inn are partners in your healthcare instead of the deciders. They empower you with knowledge to make the decisions instead of making them for you. My midwife was Connie and I loved seeing her for appointments and having her at my delivery.The office is comfortable and spa-like. Everyone knows who you are when you check in and there is a fully stocked kitchen that they encourage you get food and drinks from. You have an entire hour to spend with your midwife at each appointment to discuss anything and everything. Should you have a question after hours, you can leave a voicemail and someone calls you back right away, very much unlike a regular doctor's office. They will even text you if you like to communicate that way. The classes are first-rate and really prepare you for both the labor and taking care of yourself and the baby afterwards. Even though this is a natural birthing center, they do have lots of medical equipment should it be necessary. Since I do work in a hospital, it was great to see that they could take care of anything that could happen. Sometimes when people hear the term "birthing center", the connotation is that it is "hippie-ish". This place is quite the opposite. It is very professionally run and provides the best prenatal, labor, delivery, and postpartum care. Every detail is paid attention to. I would recommend every healthy pregnant woman to deliver here. As of right now, they only take Blue Cross Blue Shield Insurance, but if you have to pay cash, this place is well worth it. I would have paid twice as much to have such an amazing experience. But a lot of times, your copays for a hospital delivery will get pretty close to the fee of Babymoon Inn, so it might end up costing about the same including all of the prenatal visits, classes, and postpartum visits.My birth here was wonderful, peaceful, and they let me guide the delivery, which was extremely important to me. The would occasionally monitor me and the baby, but let me do things exactly how I wanted to do them, including my husband catching the baby. It was an amazing experience and because the classes prepare you so well, it was not that painful. Never once did I think I needed a hospital or any kind of intervention. I was prepared so well by Babymoon Inn that I knew everything was normal and natural. I was so empowered that I was able to block out the pain. And the great thing is, not having the interventions women normally have in the hospital made my recovery be almost nothing. We were back home in our own bed just a few hours afterwards. I did not want to be in a hospital with someone telling me when I could leave or not.Another awesome thing about Babymoon Inn is that you also have a doula, Diane, who is phenomenal. Her class was a powerful experience and she even takes pictures during the birth. I interviewed at Babymoon Inn and another birthing center in the valley, and I am so happy I decided to choose Babymoon Inn. I chose Babymoon Inn because they do so much more than midwifery. They have nurses, lactation consultants, classes, massages, and a doula. It was also far more professional. I feel so lucky that we have a place like this here in the valley. I will definitely deliver all of my future children there!I encourage everyone to check into this place, it drastically exceeds the "normal" physician/hospital birthing experience.
5	I have never left a review in my life but my experience at Babymoon Inn was so life changing I had to share my story. With my first child I did not enjoy any part of my experience (other than the fact I had my daughter.) I didn't like my obgyn, I was induced, I was basically tricked into an epidural, I was given an episiotomy even before I was told to push, and I was unable to breast feed due to lack of support and education.All of this pushed me towards an alternative route when I found out I was pregnant with my son. I had looked into natural birth many times throughout my first trimester. After having yet again another bad experience with an obgyn I felt hopeless. I had a friend suggest a birth center and immediately in my ignorance shrugged the idea off thinking to myself those types of places are for hippies. But as my pregnancy continued I was so unhappy I finally decided it wouldn't hurt to look into a birth center. I found Babymoon Inn online and scheduled a tour based on the amazing reviews. I went into the tour thinking to myself this is probably not going to be for me and I'm going to be stuck with another horrible experience in a hospital with a dr that doesn't care. So as soon as I walked through the door of Babymoon Inn for the tour I immediately thought wow this is a nice place but I still had my reservations. At the end of the tour I was holding back tears. Tears of happiness. I knew within the first 30 min I was "home" This was the place for me. I started care that next week and instantly fell in love with everyone at Babymoon Inn. The staff are some of the nicest people I know and now feel like I'm part of a family. I was able to take all of the educational classes and never once left a class with any questions. I only ever left the classes with knowledge and excitement of what was to come in the next several weeks. Fast forward to the labor and delivery. Most amazing experience of my life. I was so blessed by how much they did for me during labor. My doula even called her daughter to come to the birth center to watch my daughter while i was giving birth. I could not have asked for anything to go more smoothly. I felt so much love and support. The experience was truely empowering and life changing. I can't say enough about how wonderful my experience was.
5	Phenomenal support for pregnancy, birth, postpartum and beyond. Also, one of the best lactation support I have ever seen/experienced! Amey went above and beyond to help us breastfeed. I cannot say enough about this wonderful lady.Tthis was the best decision I had ever made in regards to my pregnancy and birth. Everyone is very supportive of your decisions and the classes they offer are very helpful. I'm actually looking forward to having another child/birth experience because of these wonderful people!
5	My journey to finding Babymoon Inn actually Started at Banner Estrella where I met Amey Woodward-Clark. She was a labor and delivery nurse there who hosted a Mommy group. I fell in love with all my girlfriends in the group. When Amey decided to move to Babymoon, I and many of my friends from the group followed Amey's lead. We knew it had to be someplace special if Amey supported it. Amey helped me through my breast feeding journey with my first child 2 1/2 years ago. She was, and still is, open and honest. She is caring and compassionate. She is what every woman should have as a IBCLC. When I became pregnant with my second child I got back in touch with Babymoon Inn at MommyCon. I talked with Diane Hamre -a doula at Babymoon Inn. Even before I hired Diane she was patient and kind to me. She helped me to achieve the birth I was so desperate to have. With Diane's support I had a wonderful hospital labor and delivery. I'm so great full for the knowledge I learned in the Birth Journey Class thought by Diane. Once I had my son we were having feeding difficulties. Amey was there for me and diagnosed his lip and tongue tie. She provided excellent information and resources for me to make it through and continue to breastfeed my now 4 month old. I now attend a mommy group called Inn Mommies at Babymoon Inn. Even though I was not able to deliver my second child at Babymoon (due to a VBAC) Amey Woodward-Clark and Diane Hamre were amazing women to work with on my journey. I would highly recommend Babymoon Inn to any woman who need support during pregnancy and after.
5	Best lactation consultant ever! Amey Clark seriously saved my breast-feeding experience. My son was born with a tongue tie, and Amy just so happens to be an expert on tongue ties. She was patient, kind, understanding, and is so very knowledgeable. I saw her weekly until my son was five weeks old.  She walked me through the pain, his tongue-tie release surgery, my emotional distress, and then the joys of being able to breast-feed normally! Every time I saw her I left with such confidence that I was able to make it work and no matter what happened I was doing great!  Breast-feeding challenges are something I hope no one else ever has to experience, but if you do Amey Clark is the best! My Doula Dianne Hamre was an amazing addition to my birth experience. I could not of done labor and delivery without her, and if she had not recommended me seeing Amey Clark I would not be breast-feeding today!
5	Babymoon Inn is a wonderful place. I am so happy that my second child was able to be born here. The staff are great. You can always get ahold of someone to ask a question or make an appointment. The nurses are fabulous!! Amy (not Clark, though I love her, too!) did the best blood draws on me that I have ever had. The lactation consultants go above and beyond. Dianne the doula is amazing. The support staff is friendly and helpful. Julia and Steven were so great with the business and financial stuff. The offices and birth center are beautiful. There are always yummy things to snack on. Kids are welcome and there are lots of toys for them to play with. The classes were very good. The day of my birth was PERFECT. I had Wendy as my midwife and she was wonderful. I hate to say it, but I'm tempted to have homebirth with her if we have #3! :) Dianne texted me all through the night and took beautiful pictures of my son's first moments. The postpartum nurses took great care of me and even texted me at home to check on me for a weeks after the birth. The only thing I didn't like was that I wasn't evenly rotated through all the midwives. I would've liked to get to know some of them better. Also, I felt like I go WAY more bloodwork done this time around. See you for Baby #3!
5	Babymoon gave me an amazing experience right from the beginning. They are well organized from financing to the classes they offer to the delivery process. I felt so empowered with the knowledge they provided to me and my partner, and I'm so thankful I chose Babymoon to take me through this adventure. The staff and esp. the midwives are AMAZING and made me feel so comfortable and confident with the entire process. Someone was always available to answer any questions, and they never made me feel like I was inconveniencing them. They took time to get to know me and my family, and never failed at making us feel special when we walked in the door. My partner especially loved that he was so involved and encouraged/empowered throughout the entire process. Not like he experienced with his first child in the hospital. He even got to catch his daughter and got skin to skin time with her at the nest. From the moment out daughter was born she didn't leave our sight, and barely left our arms (to weigh and measure her was the only time, and was done right next to us). We are so thankful for Babymoon and would recommend and encourage parents to be to birth with this center.
1	Beware of any business that removes all negative feedback regarding their business...when you know someone whose newborn had to be taken to a medical facility while using this place as a "birthing center" I'm pretty sure you can question their expertise.
5	This is an amazing place! Unfortunately, I could not have my baby at a birthing center because it was high risk. I started coming to the Babymoon Inn shortly after my baby was born to see the lactation consultant, as we were having problems breastfeeding. I called the consultant at 6 am on a Saturday morning desperate for help (after another consultant cancelled her appointment with me) and she called me back just a few hours later. She helped me as much as she could over the phone and then I made an appointment to see her during the week. From the moment we entered, we felt welcome. Coming to the Babymoon Inn is like visiting a close friend. Everyone is so warm and inviting. With the help of the lactation consultant, we are still going strong with breast feeding at 15 months! The lactation consultant did not have to go out of her way to help me early in the morning, but she did and I will always be grateful. We also like to attend the Wednesday mommy/baby groups when we can. All of the other moms are so supportive. This is a great community to be a part of. You dont have to give birth at the Babymoon Inn. They welcome any and all moms and babies. There is usually a weekly discussion or activity, including learning about baby wearing or how to get organized. Babymoon Inn also offers many classes. We have done both the baby-led weaning class on how/when to introduce solid foods and the infant massage class. We found both to be very beneficial. Babymoon Inn is a wonderful, welcoming place. I'm so glad I found this place! Babymoon Inn was really there for me when I felt like I had no idea what I was doing with my newborn. I look forward to attending other classes they offer and will definitely be coming here again the next time I have a baby.
5	This is an amazing community. I actually gave birth at another birthing center (also a wonderful experience), but the groups and classes at Babymoon Inn have been really wonderful. We've been to the Cuddlers group and taken infant massage and mommy and me yoga. So fun!  They have resources for everything a new family could need, and I consult the Inn Mommies Facebook page constantly. Very thankful that I was introduced to this place.
4	I'm very fond of the Babymoon. We decided to go there for the birth of our second child after being very disappointed following the OB/hospital route with our first. My prenatal care with Babymoon was refreshing in comparison to the doctor visits I had before. The office is always warm and inviting, and I never waited for long for an appointment. In fact, if I was late or even really early they would find a way to accommodate me. I looked forward to each appointment I had there. I can't say that there weren't any issues. We did encounter a few disappointments along the way, but I believe that was bound to happen. One place cannot please every person all the time and mistakes can be made on both sides. What I can say is that after finding out that we weren't happy with some of our experience, the executive director went out of her way to understand what our concerns were and to rectify them. What it really comes down to, I think, is that this place runs on a group of incredible women who truly love their jobs and are passionate about empowering women before, during, and even after pregnancy. If you choose to take part in all they have to offer, they can easily become like another family for you, your partner, and your kids. They truly have so much to offer every part of the family.
