3	Not quite as nice looking as when it opened.  The customers have been hard on it and have torn some stuff up.  They have some leaks in the roof so some of the ceiling tiles are messed up too. But, they still have really big machines at good prices. They are one of those places that use the swipe cards instead of making you put coins in the machines so that's a plus. It is still one of the nicer ones in our area.
5	My dryer at home went out and of course the family needed clothes for the weekend. This was the closest laundromat to my home. The attendant was very helpful since this was my first visit. She walked me through the card purchase process and explained the machines that were available. I was pleased because it was not busy and the machines were clean. There were 4 working TVs and vending machine available too. I would go back if I needed to.
5	Nice clean and spacious place with modern commercial equipment.  Large machines and good prices.  Friendly staff - I would gladly drive across town to use this place.  Thumbs up!  :-)
5	I'm from out if town and went on a Saturday.  Attendant was very helpful, lots of nice big machines, and the place was clean (for a laundromat).  Clientele was quiet and "normal."
5	My washer broke so I had to come here and wash my clothes. It's pretty clean place. The attendant was very nice and helpful, greeted me with a smile when I came in and has done the same for all her other patrons. Plenty of washers and dryers and from I can tell most of them are in working condition. Also has vending machines with soda, snacks and ice cream, which is nice but there is also a 99 cent store and Mexican market on either side. The have different size washers to choose from; single loads, 3 loads, 6 loads and 8 loads. They also have different sized driers. Prices are cheap considering how nice this place is compared to others charging the same. I also love the fact that most of their folding stations have stools for one to sit on and plenty of laundry carts. There are two tv's but it's set to the Spanish channel. Washing times vary from like 25 - 35 mins but clothes came out clean. Also the dryers did a great job. If my washer isn't fixed by next week I won't mind having to come back.
5	Excellent customer service, very clean!
5	This is definitely one of the better laundromats I've been to in Las Vegas. It's clean and the attendant was super friendly and helpful!
