4	Service was really quite terrible even though it was a weeknight and not busy at all. We waited for almost 10 minutes and no one had come by so I had to go and ask for menus. We couldn't tell if the waiter spoke English or French because we would try to speak to him in one language, and he would reply in a mix of both. BYOB which is awesome, but if you are bringing white wine, expect to get a makeshift bucket of ice made out of a water jug :) Not a lot of choices of appetizers but they did have two small sized (which were actually very reasonably sized) soups, a wonton soup (lots of wontons in a nice clear broth) and an asparagus and crab soup (which was really delicious, a little bit like egg drop soup). I had the stir-fry pork with caramel sauce. A huge platter for $15.50. Lots of delicious crunchy julienned ginger. My only problem is that there was way too much sauce and not enough rice to mop it up (they only give you a small bowl, compared to the size of the dish itself). They accept credit cards which is really nice. Overall I enjoyed it and would go again.
3	I like the food...but it is over-priced for what it is. Maybe due to BYOB status? You will get a decent lunch. And the soup is better priced and good on a cold day. I would be by more often if they had better lunch specials. Service is variable, sometimes fine, sometimes not. Please make better lunch specials- you'd get more customers for sure (me for one!)
2	Not too much in the way of vegetarian options, but , in all fairness, it's possible that they'd be willing to substitute meat options with tofu if asked... even if it didn't specify so on the menu.My friend and I opted to split a tofu and veggie dish. You can order the dish to be shared for an additional fee of $2 and we didn't want to get the fooditis sleepies by eating a whole portion on our own. I guess we were both expecting substantial sized dishes meant for sharing but instead we got a portion that wouldn't have been enough for myself alone. We ended up fighting over the small bowl of steamed rice to attempt to fill ourselves up... which also came at an additional cost.Maybe I'm a tad too accustomed to the generously shareable portions and complimentary steamed rice bowls that are common in Toronto, but in my hungry opinion paying $30 for one sparsley-filled dish and a side of rice, only to be left seriously jonesing for more food is a bit on the ridic side.Still searching for a Vietnamese spot in Montreal to make a fav.In short: Staff was nice enough, food was overpriced and forgettable, and the wait time was close to 30 mins even though the restaurant was practically empty.
2	This is the sort of place that gets corrupted by good reviews. Two newspaper reviews from five years ago and they think they can get away with $13.00 bun and a lunch special involving lots of cabbage, in fact mostly cabbage. Why would you even bother eating here, when you can eat elsewhere for less for the same thing, two stars for freshness of food
3	Unfortunately NGA seems to be closed.
