1	This is the saddest review that I will ever give.Most of you remember going to the old Civic Center, in fact, going there in August, getting up early, making the long line to get tickets for the Broadway shows, or when Itzhak Perlman came around (sigh, that's still one of the top nights of my life...), and seriously, it was a JOY having such a fantastically old building, so much character, so much value.Then they go to invest millions of money Madison doesn't have, and make this GOD AWFUL building made out of glass.Ok, so the decor is not the important part (although HELLO... modern much, in the midst of lovely brick buildings is NOT good), it's the experience.WHICH SUCKS by the way.I've been both a member of the audience as well as a musician performing.  As an audience, it SUCKS to pay ~$90 for good seats on a show, and BARELY being able to hear the performance.  Sound engineering FAILED MISERABLY here.As a performer, backstage is deplorable and quite inconvenient.Save your money, and go to Chicago for good shows.  Sadly, Madison's trick to push all the students out of the downtown area, and move in the Yuppies is failing, or maybe the yuppies don't have good appreciation of music, and as long as it costs a lot it *MUST* be good...
2	It was toward the end of my college tenure that the Overture Center started to take shape. One of the most enduring images I have of Madison was Dotty Dumpling's Dowry, the lone building to remain standing on an entire demolished city block, with a big banner strung across the front reading "Burgers Forever!" At the time nearly everyone I spoke with thought the whole enterprise was just so .... stupid. Didn't Madison already have a perfectly fine civic center? Why tear down places like Dotty's and Radical Rye for a trophy building? Coming from a larger city I couldn't help but pin it on hubris -- Madison's inflated self image rearing its ugly head. Why, if San Francisco, Minneapolis and Milwaukee have such amazing new arts centers, why can't Madison too??! Of course, it all could have turned out for the good if the end result had been something quality. I hate to say it, Madison, but you dropped the ball big time with this one. You hired a rock star architect long past his prime to crank out a throwaway building. Overall, I really don't see the point of this building. It hasn't given Madison any shows that it wouldn't have drawn before Overture. And it eliminated a lot of lively real estate right in the middle of town.
4	We just saw Ryan Adams and the Cardinals here last week. I am so impressed with the acoustics of this place, as well as the aesthetics and the architecture....I am glad to have made the trek from Chicago to experience this beautiful theater!
4	I have no romantic attachment to Madison, Bucky, or State Street. I've been to Madison twice in my life. So when it comes to the Overture Center, I'm a fan. Great place, great theatre with fabulous acoustics, and an impressive programming schedule.I came here on a Saturday night to see my friend's band play. And the theatre with its sparkling acoustics, decent site lines, and semi-unhorrible seats, was impressive. I didn't get a chance to see the rest of the center (save for a few minutes during daylight, when I watched a young bride and her bridesmaids posing for pictures on one of the balconies) but I understand how the architecture could be seen as incongruous with the rest of the area. I, however, don't mind the contrast of post-modernism with classical American architecture, and find the juxtaposition playful and daring.
2	Not a good place to see live music. The building is very new and clean with comfortable chairs and good sound, but completely lacking in character. You can buy drinks, but you have to drink them in the hallway because they don't allow them in the seating area. The place is big. Bad seats are expensive, close seats are very expensive.This just isn't anything I'm looking for in a music venue. I want a more intimate setting with beer and reasonable ticket prices. I'd take a dumpy old theater over this place any day. The only reason I'd go back is if a really special band is playing there that I don't usually have the opportunity to see.
