5	I really, really love this office.Upon having my first pregnancy confirmed by my general practitioner, a call to Advance Care and I had an appointment 10 min later in their office. That day I only met with a nurse (pregnancy test, and basic information) but I left feeling 100% confident in the care I would receive. Since then every experience from the front desk, the ultrasound tech, Sandra (the NP) and Dr. Newman, and I have never left that office without feeling taken care of and educated. Their on staff lab technician is wonderful as well and always finds a vein while other struggle and bruise me. I know the office has gone through the process of loosing 2 doctors, but you would never be able to tell.  Another highlight is the online patient portal where I have access to lab results and the option to email a nurse to ask questions. I have always receive responses within 24hrs and recently even got a phone call in return because :I could tell you needed to hear a voice from all of your questions."I really cannot say enough good things- for the first time in a long time my experiences with a Dr.'s office has not ended with long wait times, insurance confusions, and that rushed over feeling with unanswered questions. They really go out of their way to take care of you and that is a great feeling.
5	First time, recently moved here and hated to have to find a new OBGYN, luckily I found Advanced Care, P.A. Kilman, was awesome!! She answered so many questions, and took the time, I didn't feel hurried. She was careful, and made me feel very comfortable. The front desk staff were ok, they made me wait for them as they finished their conversation, but the most important part,the nurse and the PA were great!!
1	Worst OB office I have ever been to. Originally I thought they were great, but as my pregnancy progressed they were a NIGHTMARE!The receptionist girls are extremely rude, both over the phone and in person.The Dr and PA do not take any health issues seriously. Even after a hospital stay, they still did not pay any attention to my health needs. Their solution for everything is jamming medications down your throat instead of finding the root cause of the issue.Even worse, these medications are not safe and several of them were Category C, which are known to cause birth defects. After a few trips to the pharmacy where a Pharmacist told me NOT to take them, a change in dr was the only solution.Do not trust your health or the well being of your baby with this office.
5	Great experiance every time, kind doctor and nurse. The receptionists are just ok as they  dont go out of their way to appear friendly but what counts is the doctor and he is amazing!! I would highly reccomend Premier Care for Woman on Bell Rd in Surprise AZ. By the way the nurse is fantastic because not only was she fast when it came to performing the PAP test but she really knows how to be respectfull, kind and gentle.
5	We just moved here and needed to find a new OBGYN to continue my prenatal care. From my initial phone call to my first few appointments I can honestly say I love this place. Great customer service and the staff care about you. Dr. Newman is awesome. Highly recommend!!
5	Im a patient of Dr. Newman and he is AMAZING! He listens to all my concerns and is very educated and full of information! He was amazing during my pregnancy and in the delivery room for my son in december 2012, I had a cesarian delivery and was terrified, he made me feel secure and safe and talked with me through the whole procedure and even after. i healed amazingly well and my scar is almost completely faded. i will continue to see Dr. Newman!
5	One of the kindest doctors I have seen. Dr Newman listen and cares he does not pretend to care HE CARES. I could not have picked a better obgyn to deliver my baby. This has been a hard pregnancy and has listened and helped the whole way.
