5	This review is for both the particular location that I used back on September 23rd, 2012 and for Avis' customer service on their 800 number just now.I had arrived to Pittsburgh at 6am via bus from NYC and had several options for renting a car (see photo). Avis turned out to be the best deal on top of being located in an easy-to-find location (in addition to being easy to return the car).I was aware of a 29-minute grace period before being charged another day (or hour). The clock/timer on the parking garage entrance was 6 minutes fast, and me being me, this mattered. It said I returned at 8:47 even though my cell phone showed 8:41am. I immediately took a photo, intending to use this in case I were to be overcharged, even though the location doesn't open for business until 9am and wouldn't be able to rent the car out to anyone for another ~20 minutes anyway.I was back in Pittsburgh on October 9th and made it a special point to get back to the place so I could resolve the situation in person. It turned out that it's hard for the particular store location to make adjustments if it's been more than a few days. The guy there, Francis, said it's not a huge deal to make the adjustment but that it's out of his control and that if I call the 800 number, it should be fine.Pause for ~6 months.So yeah, today I finally made time to pick up the papers and phone and make a call. They first said I returned the car late and then after I explained the situation and offered to send the photo I took that demonstrates the clock discrepancy, they gave me a 'one-time courtesy' and I'm now ~75 dollars richer. Or less poor. Your call.
4	You can save a lot of money here over the cost of renting from the Avis at the airport. Just hop on the 28X bus and let it take you to the first downtown stop.I ran into an issue which the staff were quick to solve. I have only a debit card, and I had only enough money on it to cover the cost of the rental (since the insurance was prepaid). Avis needed to authorize a $200 deposit in addition to the rental, and while I had that much cash, they don't take cash. My wife had more on her own debit card, but she doesn't drive, so they couldn't rent the car to her. After a few minutes of stress, the staff suggested that we shorten the rental to 1 day, charge that (and the deposit) to my debit card, drive to a branch where I could deposit the cash, and call back to extend the rental to its original length. We did exactly that and it turned out great.I sure wish a debit card weren't such a hassle to use, but I'm glad Avis was able to find a solution that worked for us. Thanks, folks!
1	This was the worst service I have ever gotten, the employee at the airport avis center stole money from us. We were trying to rent a car in the airport and we thought the price was too expensive, so we asked her not to swipe the card while we confirmed that we wanted this price while we leave she swipes our card. And what happened we are 3500$ short. Also the prices are really bad here, for one car the price with insurance was 3500$ while at enterprise is 1700$. We still haven't gotten our money back and now we have no money in the middle of nowhere Pennsylvania. Avis customer service says we have to wait 72 hours. Thanks for starving us avis and making us sleep in our cars. Never go here.
