4	This is part a. of what will surely be a longer review, as we were only there to try their bourbon cocktails, and didn't sample anything from what looked like a delicious new-American menu (ok, so we did get a slice of bourbon pecan pie, but no dinner entrees!). We tried their Sazerac, mint julep, and their house Tavern drink, which reminded me of a fall-spiced Manhattan. Definitely a great bar spot--a small restaurant with big potential in Shadyside.
5	I love this bar. Love!I haven't really eaten here so I don't know about the food but if you love bourbon and whisky, which I do, this is your place. They have an a.m.a.z..i.n.g. list of whiskey's ranging in price but covering several single barrel varieties. The vibe is very sophisticated and modern without being pretentious. It's the 1st bar I've been to in Pittsburgh with no TV's and I love that because it allows for more intimacy with friends. Bartender Wes is very knowledgeable and nice. He also made up a cocktail for one of my friends. All the staff are sweet and attentive. This place is new, but I hope that it's here to stay.
2	Disclaimer: I've only been once, and though I'll give it another shot, it won't be anytime soon, considering all the other new places there are in the Pittsburgh area right now. Overall though, it seems like a great bar spot for after work or dinner drinks. Also, I totally disagree with Munch's latest review in the Post-Gazette (6/9/11). The mac and cheese was NOT a revelation. Seriously. If you're one to always agree with Munch, you probably don't want to read this.The Staff  & Service:* Host - We arrived with no reservations (I don't think they take them) at about 8pm on a Friday night, and were welcomed and seated immediately.* Waiter - He seemed a bit out of it. We dined there not too long after this place opened, so I expected tighter service. Alas, I had to ask for a glass of water three times before actually receiving it (a few minutes after we received our meals), and he was only manning a few tables. Be better.The Interior & Branding:* They 're going for a more upscale look, and it's nice. I expected a more "tavern-y" pub feel, but the copper wall behind the bar and the patina'd copper wall that ran opposite it were nice design details. Seating was comfy and basic, not refined or special.* The lighting - Lighting is so important to me, and their lighting was GREAT. Makes for an intimate and cozy feel.* The website - I'll keep hounding restaurants with poorly designed websites until the day I die. I'm in online marketing, and my husband makes websites for a living, so this is something I feel pretty strongly about. Their site looks like DIY. They, like many others, need to put their hours on their homepage, not keep them lost on their "Connect" page. Also, the menu is an image and very hard to read as is. It should be in plain text like their Bourbon, Beer, Wine & Cocktails and all other pages.The Drinks:* I'd go back just for drinks. They've got a great selection of wines and beer.* Bourbon - An excellent and large selection. My husband had one of their bourbon cocktails, which he liked a good deal.Lindemans Framboise - It's not like they're making it, so you can't really screw up. It was good: sweet and tart as always.The Food:* Mac and Short Rib - The mac and cheese was undoubtedly oily and lacked flavor. However, the short rib was well-prepared/seasoned. Not the best I've ever had, but good.* French Dip - Tasty, but ours was not served rare, as advertised. All sandwiches are served on the always great baguettes from Allegro's Bakery.
4	I met 2 friends for an early dinner last night. We shared four of the 2 for 1 happy hour specials which was more than we expected. The egg rolls were our favorite. The menu selection was limited but included vegetarian options. The wine and beer options were adequate. We are all planning to return, I heard their mac and cheese is superb.
2	I ate here last night with three friends. The concept - an upscale bourbon and wine bar/pub - is great. As is the design of the restaurant. The interior is cozy and the patio feels spacious and light. The execution of the concept, however, was lacking. The waitstaff were clearly selected for their appearance rather than competence. It took our waiter 3 long trips back to the table and about 20 minutes to figure out which wine (on the menu) my partner ordered. (Somehow he managed to confuse rose with champagne.) Just write orders down!  The cheese plate was good. The mac and cheese was OK; not amazing. My pulled pork sandwich was good, but came on a huge tray with my side piled up in a small bowl, which made for awkward presentation. The salads were huge; several times larger than the sandwiches. The bourbon flights are definitely the highlight. I would definitely recommend trying them if you're into bourbon.With some more training of the waitstaff, this place could be very nice. But you think they'd work that out before the restaurant opened. I might definitely come back for a few bourbon flights with my buds, but will not try the food again for a while.
2	Their interpretation of mac and cheese was bland and greasy, kind of gross.  The short rib entree was ok.  This seems like one of those restaurants where the food doesn't seem to live up to the wonderful descriptions on the menu. It's a nice concept and I agree with a previous reviewer that the lack of TVs is refreshing.  I hope that's a trend that catches on with more restaurants.  Hopefully they can get the kinks out.
2	Not too memorable. Waited a very, very long time to be served, and I was sitting at the bar in mid afternoon. I just had a diet coke as the bartender actually never came back over to ask me if I wanted to eat. The decor was cool, but I probably won't go back. Bummer, because the location is great.
4	I only had drinks when I went to 1947 Tavern, but I really liked the feel and decor.  My friend and I sat outside in the beer garden area and it was great.  I had a kwak beer, which was very tasty...it was smooth but had a bit of umph at the end.  We didn't have any food as we ate at Meat & Potatoes earlier in the night (review to follow shortly) but the items on the menu looked good.I'm not a huge bourbon fan so their selection of mixed cocktails wasn't really appealing to me.  Overall it was a positive experience and I'd definitely check this place out again.  We went around 9:30 PM on a Friday and it wasn't overly crowded at all.
5	Friend and I stopped in early Sunday evening. Had drinks and food at the bar. I highly recommend the mac/cheese, the kielbasa sausage and the Unibrove Ephemere Casis on tap. We had great service, decor was awesome and women's bathroom was spotless. What more can you ask for on a hot day?!!? :)
2	I was pretty disappointed in 1947 Tavern.  It really felt like they were trying to be hard to be trendy and cool.  I had the mac, cheese and spare ribs and they were really only so so.  The pasta was a little undercooked for my liking and the spare ribs were dry and low on flavor.  Otherwise the place was pretty standard.
2	Bourbon selection: not so great. Rye and scotch selection: nonexistent. Decor was bland and my bartender wasn't particularly friendly. Oh, and the peach iced tea cocktail kinda tasted sickly-sweet like they used diet snapple. On the plus side, it was easy to get a seat. Love the Devil's Cut. It could also be called punchintheface (in a good way).
1	My hubs and I came here on a hot Pittsburgh weekend night in late July, meeting with two other late-20s couples.  The waiter seemed to be walking through sand, taking what seemed like hours to come over to greet us, take our order, and then come back with drinks.  I asked him if they had any citrusy white wines on the menu, and he just started reading me the wine list, verbatim.  Kinda rude....I know how to read, buddy.  I wanted a description, not a list of what you offer, which I'm obviously holding in my hands as I'm talking to you.  Luckily, I picked a nice Chilean sauv and my friend got a pinot noir.  We wanted to order food, but seeing how long the drinks took, we opted out.  There was only ONE other table outside and maybe two or three people inside at the bar, so I don't know what the delay was.  At the end of the night, we split the checks and one couple had been charged for an extra glass of pinot noir.  We alerted him to it, and he darted off with the checks.  When he returned, the extra glass of wine had been added to OUR check.....like we wouldn't notice.  Each couple's check was like $60 for drinks alone, so we would have offered a nice tip (my hubs and I are 25%+ tippers as a rule).  However, his super snotty attitude when I alerted him to the red wine I DEFINITELY wasn't drinking, now on my check, pretty much made up my mind about tipping the guy and about coming back.  When I said, "I think you might have put that glass of wine on my check, and was drinking the white,"  he shot back, "No, I know exactly how much you drank."  We went ahead a paid for the extra glass and left him under 10%.  What a jerk.  I will avoid this place like the plague next time and you should too.
3	1947 Tavern is right next to Bites and Brews. Its Ooooook. But thats about it. If you're looking for something trendy 1947 Tavern is trendy. Its cute on the inside. The bartenders are Ooooook. I generally always ask the blonde that works there for my drinks because shes quick and shes effecient and pays attention. Other than that 1947 is what it is. A "trendy bar" next to Bites and Brews.As far as drinks go. Their Bourbon Lemonade is definitely yummy you can request for your favorite spirit to be mixed in. I generally ask for Chamborde but have fun with it. I've also had the Georgia Peach. Eh personally its too Bourbony for me not enough peach flavor to it. I just request more simple syrup to be added but thats MY preference. I will give them this though. Bourbon Pecan Pie YUMMY! 3 STARS!
4	I went with a group from work to 1947 Tavern for happy hour and dinner.  I arrived around 5:30pm and the place was almost empty. The atmosphere is warm and welcoming, even without a lot of people. I was the first one there, so I sat at the bar and ordered a beer.  The bartender was very friendly and knowledgeable.  He told me about the drafts they had and described one from Troegs that I wasn't familiar with.  As the others in my party trickled in he helped each of them pick drinks and made one girl an impressive mojito (that involved him putting something in a bag and beating it loudly against the bar...i think it was the sugar).  He told us that happy hour was ending soon, so we hurried up and ordered 2 appetizers (I believe they were BOGO).  Unfortunately, everything with crab was off-limits, he informed us, because they were out of it.  We ordered the fries and hummus.  Both were fantastic.  We moved to a table and ordered dinner.  I got the mac n cheese with bacon.  The portion size here is huge, folks, get ready for left overs.  I also ordered a side salad.  I highly recommend this place for these reasons:1.  The house salad is delicious and our waiter brought me 4 different dressings to choose from.  I could have poured all of them on if I wanted to get wild.2.  The mac n cheese is a little different, like some of the other reviewers have mentioned.  It could be a little creamier.  ITS STILL DELICIOUS.  I had enough left over to use as a side the next day for my husband and I at dinner. 3.  Our bartender turned waiter superbly handled our large group and wasn't phased by working with multiple cards for the bill.  I should mention that the place got VERY BUSY around 6:30-7:00pm.  I was hesitant to give 1947 Tavern a try since it had that "trying too hard to be trendy" sort of feel to me.  I was pleasantly surprised by fantastic service and yummy food.  Next time your around Ellsworth give it a try...with so much awesome competition in that area I'd love to see 1947 do well.
2	This establishment is having an identity crisis. My impression from my one visit is that its lacking vision as to what it wants to be, what kind of clientele it wants to attract, what proportions it takes on as food/wine/social destination..and at what cost. Maybe its a curse of the old location since  the old elbow room was so overwhelmingly "soft boiled egg" aesthetic - whatever it is, the place certainly HAS tons of potential and maybe with some growing pains and one good cook/leader  in the kitchen can become someplace I actually want to spend 12 dollars for on a drink. + The space, the long bar, the seating, the wine display, the lighting, the copper sheets behind the bar - all signs point to a nice dark den for imbibing alcohol. The feature cocktails are good (although my opinion is that they would be more delicious if they used fresh pressed juices and crushed/hand cut ice in the craft cocktails) They could use a long bank of linear mirrors on the wall behind the bar and the opposite wall - it would make the space seem bigger and invite people to check other people out :) -The wine & food combo - the wine selection seemed decent (i only drank the cocktails) and the waiter told us about the expanding/changing selections - so that aspect of this place being a wine bar seems to be covered well.. however.. if you're going to bill yourself as a wine bar, and sell 150 dollar bottles of wine, then you REALLY need to UP YOUR FOOD GAME in pairing. I had quite possibly the saddest looking cheese/olive/hummus plate I have ever seen in my life. The hummus was fluffed with something (you know to make it seem like theres more of it than there really is) - the olives and hot peppers were from a can. It was sad, just really really sad. The cheese.. yep there was some on my plate. We also had the mac n cheese - which lacked flavor and salt. It bills itself as the best mac n cheese in town but take a walk to Kelly's down the street - thats some great mac n' cheese. The food was terrible especially at 10 dollars starting for an appetizer i can just buy in a can from a store. If you're going to be a wine bar, visit some wine bars in big cities for these kindof prices.. see that you dont need a giant plate of subpar food, do something small, delicious and perfect for the wine.. -The waiter told us about some upcoming changes and mentioned that they were trying to make the earlybird clientele happy as well as get in the shadyside crowd off the street into the place so it couldnt be too whatever... I see a huge flaw in this.. you cant possibly be a destination hi-end wine bar with class and at the same time pander to the lowest common denominator of douchebaggery. Have the courage to be a destination place - i would LOVE to have a regular wine bar with great cheese, cocktails and music to go hang out at for happy hour and Pittsburgh needs something that isnt a football watching venue in between. Plenty of restaurants (i.e. Legume..i know its not in the same league).. pick crappy locations and focus on becoming a destination and succeed! So i hope that 1947 doesnt continue to try to get the sloppy seconds coming out of bites and brews and rights itself into the kindof place where you can sink into your chair and stay for a while without it feeling like a meat market and making the food and drink worth it.
1	The Food:They got a new chef for 2012, and he has an insufferably and inaccurately high opinion of his own culinary skills.  The menu went upscale, as did the prices, but mistakes and questionable decisions were virtually omnipresent.  The burgers are small and dwarfed by a comically  large and not particularly well chosen bun.  The seafood soup bread-bowl is disappointingly bland.  The mac and cheese is chewy and quite deficient in cheese.  And one of my fellow diners was served raw pork.  In a party of 6 people, not one would even consider going back for dinner.The Drinks:Awesome--if and only if you like bourbon.  That's really the only reason to go.
3	I visited the 1947 Tavern on a Saturday night with five others. We luckily had a reservation as the small space was pretty packed at 6:30.     Our server gave us a run down of the specials and we proceeded to order drinks. There were no bourbon drinkers at the table, but my lady got a whiskey sour and later a shady cider,  both of which she enjoyed.     The first course of the table consisted of bruchette, cheese plate, mac n' cheese, and a cup of the soup du jour (beef vegetable).  The bruchette had duck confit on it, great flavor, but the crostinis were a little soggy. The peanut sauce was well liked by the table, but the fruit jam was out of place and bland on the cheese plate. I quite enjoyed the aged goat cheese as well as the pate. The mac n cheese was just pretty eh. It was served in a casserole dish covered by a parm crisp. It lacked flavor and moisture and although i ate the entire cheese crisp it seemed odd. I'm not sure if it was intended to be eaten with the macaroni since it pulled off as one large chewy/crispy sheet of baked cheese. I was told the cup of beef vegetable was very good.      The entrees consisted of lamb burgers, the fish special, lamb pasta, chicken, and I got the lamb loins. Everyone at the table enjoyed their entrees and left full. We all cleared our plates with the exception of the lamb pasta, which was definitely the largest portion at the table.      Some notes on the main course;  My lady was not a fan of the buns used on the lamb burger. The dish itself is two slider sized burgers on what looks like large dinner rolls. The buns texture though reminded me of stale biscuit. The fries and demi sauce were both tasty though, as well as burger patties that came out as requested, medium.      My lamb on the other hand came out about a doneness too far, luckily I ordered it MR so they were still good. The meat was about four chops worth of meat served off the bone. The dish looked a little messy and lackluster because of this, but I enjoyed the lamb, roasted tomatoes, polenta, and sauce on my plate.      My sister got a MW steak which was cooked perfectly. She really enjoyed it, but said her scalloped potatoes weren't very warm and had an odd flavor. After tasting them I believe they used a goat cheese in the potatoes for a bit of tang. The steal of the night was the fish special, which was a pan seared Hawaiian Escolar for $15. It looked good and the plate was cleaned pretty quickly.      In conclusion I should mention the staff did well. Our server was a young lady that offered to answer any questions and checked on our meals promptly after they were served. She refilled waters fast even though the restaurant leaves a carafe of water on the table for the guests. She also brought out a plate of toasted crostini when asked for something to pick at our peanut sauce with while waiting for the main course, which wasn't a long wait. Sadly the tavern does not offer bread service. All said and done it was pretty ok. With myself not living in the city I can't say I will make my way back here anytime soon, but I wouldn't be opposed to trying more of the menu sometime.
1	The food here is full of grease and fat.  The menu sounds good but once you try it you will see that it is just mediocre at best.  I have had gourmet mac & cheese, braised meats and fried apps before that didnt make me feel like I was clogging my arteries with every bite. The food is messy too, and you leave with grease all over your hands.  It's just not my idea of a nice dining experience.  Also, the atmosphere is really dark, not enough windows or color in the joint. I miss the old Elbow Room, like before the change in ownership, at this location.  I think this place needs to change it's entire identity and menu if they want to recover.
5	I love this place. Cozy with a big fireplace and logs stacked in the wall. Huge window facing the street.  Warm lighting. Patina Copper on one side and polished copper with all the bourbons lit up behind the bar creating a warm glow.It is the perfect atmosphere to enjoy a great drink. They have a selection of wine, beer, bourbon and whiskey that should satisfy anyone. And their specialty cocktails are perfectly crafted. The bartenders put a lot of attention to detail. It may take a few minutes for the drink to be made, but they are doing it right. I've even seen a batender go get a special ice cube for a bourbon someone ordered. I went there last week and I had the best burger of my life. The bun was out of this world. They bake the bread next door at Bites N Brews. It was a tarragon bread. Moist and slightly sweet. It was incredible. The meat was cooked perfectly. It was juicy but not greasy. The meat, bread and cheese were in just the right ratio of each other. I got a good balance of each in every bite. A week later and I am still remembering this burger. I pray that they keep the recipe the same and maintain the quality for my future visits.As an appetizer I had the bruchetta with duck confit. I loved this as well and would recomment it.A separate time I went there and ordered just a dinner entree of Mac N Cheese. I thought it was ok. I was a little disappointed. It really wasn't large enough to fill me up. It seemed a little dry and bland- not cheesy enough. The place is small, but I have been there several times and never had to wait for a seat. The crowd there can be a bit too snobby or hipster, but I don't care. I feel so comfortable there. This place was designed perfectly to just relax and saveur a good drink.
4	Full Disclosure: My brother works here. Lucky for you, he tried to drown me when I was four years old, so I would never let that influence my review. If anything, I would dock them a star or two for employing someone who would so callously throw a toddler into a pond.* But I'm far too levelheaded to let anything like that color my judgment, or to hold a grudge for twenty-something years. Anyway. I could drink here all night. Because I like this bar. 1947 is a simple space. The decor is all dark wood and back-lit bottles, and the vibe is warm and friendly. There's a long bar that runs the length of the space, and as far as I can tell, it's all about the whiskey. I appreciate that they've got at least 25 different bourbons back there, and that the bartenders will mix you a mean Manhattan with any one of them. I haven't had a chance to try any of the food yet, but I did see a man going to town on a burger I gladly would've stolen, and the mac & cheese smelled amazing. Either way, a fireplace and lots and lots of bourbon was all I really wanted anyway.  Although, as a general rule, lots of alcohol and no food can lead to you making an ass out of yourself. I know a guy that once vomited directly onto the shoes of a police officer. Definitely wasn't me. I don't care what you heard.__________*It was a lot like this: http://whatshouldwecallme.tumblr.com/post/19239895670/my-relationship-with-my-siblings
5	i LOVE this place.....I've been going since they opened.  When they first opened you could tell they didn't really know what they wanted to "be", but they revamped the menu in the winter of 2012 and did a wonderful job.  I'm from Southern VA and it makes me feel like I'm back home - not because of the food but because of the ambiance and warmth of the place.  Low-lights.  Nice, comforting food (the duck salad is my favorite) without huge portions and tons of oil to make you feel weighed down.  And, the bourbon, yes the bourbon.Delicious food, reasonable prices for the quality, great atmosphere.
5	Full Disclosure: if I was rating 1947 for both dinner and drinks I would go 4 maybe even 3 stars.  But for me, there are plenty of places around to dine.  There is only one place to drink bourbon.  That is what this review is for, my neighborhood bourbon bar, not my neighborhood dinner spot.  The bartenders get some heat here because they take a while to make a drink.  But my question is: would you rather have a sloppy drink made quickly or an immaculate drink made slowly?  For anyone who appreciates the art of bartending, it's not a question at all.  All drinks are measured and poured with accuracy and in the proper order (absolutely the correct way despite what any quick-tips may say).  The tenders are knowledgable about their bourbons, the ones I've talked with understand the nuance of flavor and use this knowledge accordingly when subbing different bourbons into classic cocktails.If you want to drink bourbon in Pittsburgh, there is only one place to do so and know that you are in capable hands.
4	The burger (I just asked for a plain one) was great. As we're the fries. The beer choice was excellent (had a bitter and porter). The waiter was friendly, helpful, and had strong opinions (against) serving ketchup in ramekins. Nice back patio. Little expensive for my budget, but a great place. I'd go back for sure.
3	I was fairly impressed by the food. We came here on a verbal recommendation that if we were looking for good food, go here, if we want cheap food go to Bites and Brew. We opted for good food.I got the Bleu Cheese burger and thought it was very tasty. Good bread, cheese, meat, etc. Fries were pretty good. Basically everything was good, but it seemed to lack the one thing that makes it memorable or super good. Of course, I did order one of the cheapest things on the menu, mainly because the other things were quite expensive, but I think in general this place is about two steps away from being a really good restaurant.
5	i used to live a block a way and have been here a lot.  it's a nice space, cooler bar ambience without a douche edge.i'm giving it 5 stars because i had my best pittsburgh burger experience here. i had the one with port reduction and bleu cheese.  it was a perfect medium rare.  mmmm. cocktails take a while but are ok, sometimes a little too strong but depends on your goal for the night.
3	When my friends wanted to meet up at 1947, I groaned because my experience there last winter was NOT good (see original review).  However, when my PIC (Partner In Cuisine) and I arrived last night, we were pleasantly surprised to see that 1947 had a pretty nice back deck for warm summer outdoor seating.  "Ok," I thought, "Maybe at least we'll have some nice atmosphere."  When I picked up the menu, I realized it was completely different.  The options were actually pretty decent looking and the prices were WAY better than I remembered - especially the beer prices.  I ordered the fried chicken salad and I got a deliciously fried chicken breast on a bed of greens with a 1/2 of avocado.  It was pretty darn good.  The downside this time was the service.  The restaurant wasn't really that full (certainly not at capacity) yet it took almost 10 minutes to get a beer from one of the hipster wannabe waiters.  Sometimes it's good that even if you have a negative experience at a restaurant to go back and give it another go after a while.  I'm glad the management made the menu and price improvements because my second experience there was leaps and bounds above my first.  They will definitely be given more opportunities to earn more stars from me if they keep it up.***Original Review***Not a fan.  Our party spent more time and money at the this place than we should have.  The service was good, but otherwise the food tasted like something my elderly grandma with no sense of tasted put together and the drinks were way, way, way too expensive.  With all the quality places to spend a Saturday night in Shadyside, 1947 doesn't even rank.
2	The atmosphere and ambiance of 1947 was quite good and there is no question that they have an outstanding selection of bourbon.  I was also greeted very quickly and cordially from the bartender who took very good care of me.The reason why I am only giving this restaurant two stars is because I thought their food was not up to par.  I was very disappointed because I heard from several people who good the food was.  The discrepancy does not lie in the taste or quality of the food but in the quantity.  I paid $12 for a burger that was smaller than my coaster.  I'm sure it was quality beef and it was made well, but when I pay $12 for a burger I expect a $12 burger.  I think they should at least disclose on their menu how much you can expecte the burger to weigh.  Mine could not have been more than 5 or 6 oz.  The fries that accompanied my burger were quite good, but worth $12.This came as a great surprise as the owners own Bites and Brews and Elbow Room, both of which I always have an excellent dining experience.
5	We were in town visiting and went to 1947 Tavern for dinner on a Saturday night.  We have eaten at the Elbow Room and 1947 Tavern was recommended to us.  We had a really good experience - our food and server were both great!!  Wish we had a neighborhood restaurant like this where we live - we would be regulars!!
4	Five friends and I made a last minute decision to go to 1947 on a Tuesday night around 7 (I think everyone was at Harris Grill for bacon night, so that's a good time to come!) and the host very, very sweetly gathered together hightop tables from one end of the restaurant to the other, as if nothing was carried at all to accommodate us. Accommodating they were, this is a great neighborhood restaurant, much like its Bites & Brews and Elbow Room fellows.The cocktails start at $5 (and I highly recommend the French 47) and are pretty well crafted as of the time of writing. We were won over by the season beer, not only because it was good, but because it was only $3. The selections of whiskeys aren't exactly mind-blowing (for this you have to go to Winghart's), but they are very respectable.I got the special burger for the evening, BBQ and Bacon ($11) and it was great. All the sandwiches came with a thankfully small, but delicious, side of steak fries.Some things were a little more expensive than I was willing to go for, but I can't judge as to whether or not they're worth it.We all agreed that we can't wait to come back just to try more things on the menu. Don't come in with high expectations of a grand dining experience and you'll be happy with your laid back dinner with good food and good drinks.
4	i've only been here for drinks, so i can't say anything about the food, although i've heard it's quite good.i only drank gin and tonics, which were good, but that means i can't really say anything about their cocktails. although, my friend asked if she could have an amaretto sour made the way soba (a restaurant down the street) makes them and they happily abliged.the atmosphere is very chill yet classy. the bartender took a while to come over to us each time, but when he did, he was very helpful.also, i expected a much higher bill than i ended up with, which was pretty exciting!
4	Decently tasting food, but small portions.  Not a bourbon fan, so i can't speak to the cocktails.  Atmosphere was relaxing, server was polite and helpful.Overall, only a slightly above average value for the money.  Wish I could abbreviate the rating to 3.5 stars, but I'll round up because of the background music during our dining experience (seemed like the James Brown Pandora channel!).
5	I can't comment on the food, but 1947 has great drinks and a nice staff.
3	Ended up at 1947 Tavern on a Friday night looking for somewhere to grab a drink and some small noms.  I had been here a couple of times before yet somehow always forget that this place exists when racking my brain for options.  I definitely need to tie a 1947 string around my finger because this is a great little spot on Ellsworth!  Sure, as other reviewers pointed out the food is overpriced (albeit, tasty).  However, their strong and delicious cocktails that include a choice of over 50 kinds of bourbon and a decent selection of rye whiskeys are more than reasonable at somewhere between $6-10 a piece.  Plus they always have a seasonal Penn Brewery special for the day at $3 a pop- can't beat that.  The ambiance is great- dark wood, copper on the walls, and some of the best background music (Mayer Hawthorne, yes please!) you will hear in the Burgh.  Will definitely be back, but probably just for drinks more than any food... would be much better off filling up on libations and then heading next door to Bites and Brews for some pizza and sammiches. (I feel like I can say that without guilt since they are both owned by the B2 restaurant group).  And last, but definitely not least, make sure to check this place out when the weather is good- they have a great patio out back!
2	If you're a hipster who wears skinny jeans, giant non-prescription glasses, and porkpie hats, a millionaire who doesn't mind paying $75 for appetizers and drinks for three people, and a non-claustrophobic person who enjoys being crammed into tiny spaces with no room to move your chair, you'll love this place .
3	Came here on a sunny, warm, Saturday night.  I looked enviously on the people enjoying the backyard patio with its hanging white lights while sitting inside the dark interior.  Regrets regarding seating choices aside, I had a pear and arugula salad which was good, but still left me hungry $8 later.  Many others in my party ordered drinks which may be a better way to go.
4	If you're a fan of bourbon or Mac N Cheese, this is the place to go.  Though parking can be a bit difficult in Shadyside, it's worth trying.  I'd go back and indulge in other items on the menu, but my favorite was the Cheese Stuffed Pablanos appetizer - YUM!!  Crispy breaded pablanos with a mild spice stuffed with cheesy goodness inside... I'm drooling already :)
3	I am quite the regular here, as I love their cocktails. But unless you have Karuna as your server, the service often is lacking. The bartenders and servers are all incredibly friendly, but it's always a bit slow. And I realize slow drinks are to be expected there, so that's fine. I just mean greeting, getting checks, taking orders, etc. The food is either delicious or bland as hell. My friend and I got the pot pies and both pot pies were just not flavorful at all. The next time I ate I had the Mac and cheese with the braised beef. It was also a bit bland. It needed salt and pepper. The annoying thing about eating there is that there is never salt and pepper on the table! And the food is expensive for the fact that it's not that great. All in all, I'll continue to go back because I like the drinks and it's a great atmosphere when it's quieter on weekdays. But I wish those things could improve.
3	The back area is nice in the summer/fall time. Food is ok, a little overpriced. (They do have carlsberg on tap so I like going there for that). The service can be hit or miss, it is usually very very slow which is a bit frustrating at times. The people are very nice though. You have your choice of a number of different bourbons and it's fun trying out their different signature bourbon drinks. I usually go for my regular knob creek with ginger ale but if i want to get out of my comfort zone I will go for something off of their list.It's worth checking out for sure.
5	I am a huge fan of everything about this place. I've been here twice now, once for drinks at the bar and the next for dinner.First off, the decor is so cozy that it makes you want to cuddle up next to your significant other and enjoy a glass of wine or whiskey. The staff is extremely friendly, attentive, and professional. We were frequently but not obnoxiously asked if we needed anything and he kept the drinks a-comin' during dinner. For the gluten free diner, there are salad options as well as some modified entrees. I didn't get sick either time I was here, so that's great!They have great sandwiches and apps, and my meat-eating friend raved over the vegetarian hummus sandwich with brussel sprouts! As for the drink menu, lots of great whisky options and even some cool mixed drinks as well. We opted for wine both times we came here and their selection is small, but decent. You definitely want to try the whisky drink specials!Can't wait to go back!
5	Went here with my wife last night, absolutely loved it.Decor and ambience are real warm and cozy. Beer selection is solid, the frozen bourbon cider tastes like cinnamon apple sauce frozen with booze. Which is to say, phenomenal. We decided to get the cheese plate and were rewarded thusly. Normally when you order the moderately pricey cheese plate somewhere you worry you're gonna get a tiny bit of cheese but nope. Copious amounts of brie, goat, and cheddar cheese. The nuts are a great touch and go well with all the cheeses. Highly recommend it. She got the regular Mac and cheese, I got pierogi Mac and cheese. HUGE quantity, much more than Kelly's (not a slight just a comparison). Definitely enough for a  meal. We both loved it. Bartender was real nice to us, gave us some extra bread for the cheese, and really made us feel welcome. Will definitely be back.
4	Best macaroni and cheese in Shadyside! The burgers and sandwiches are also satisfying, but on the heavy side. On a recent visit, they had curried mussels as a special and it was a real treat. Their cocktails are delicious and complement their menu. Always looking forward to their frozen lemonades and was pleasantly surprised to see that they have expanded their menu to include frozen cider.This is a regular drink and dining spot for us.
5	We've been living in San Francisco for 2 years, and this is the place we STILL dream about. The food is awesome. The bourbon selection is incredible. But it is the atmosphere,  the chill vibe, and the neighborhood "spot" kind of feeling that make it so special. We can't wait to get back every chance we get to come back home to Pittsburgh.PS--get the mac and cheese.
5	Decided to come in this weekend to try the new brunch offerings and WOW was it good. The restaurant features build your own Bloody Mary and mimosa bars with plenty of garnish choices. I ordered the chicken and biscuit skillet (which I shared with my friend because it is so large) and it was delicious! The chicken was most and flavorful and served with fresh cheddar bacon biscuits. Will definitely be back!
4	I went here last night for the first time and it was amazing. Me and my friend got the bourbon lemonade (and he usually doesn't drink alcohol) and it was just the right amount where it's strong enough you get your money's worth and not too strong that it doesn't taste good. Plus it was $6 and served in this adorable mason jar! The atmosphere and ambience of the tavern was spectacular. I loved the dim lighting and the chalkboard menu. Our waitress was also extremely friendly. If you're looking for a quieter place, maybe to take a date, this is the place. I can't wait to come back during restaurant hours and try the food!
4	I don't know why it took me so long to start coming here. My default happy hour choice on Ellsworth is Harris Grill, and so I guess for a long time I just overlooked 1947 completely.I've been here a couple of times within the past month and have had good experiences. The first was for late night drinks with a group of friends. Long picnic tables on the back patio easily accommodated our group of eight. I'm a fan of eating (and drinking) outside, so we were all about the patio. They also offer a couple of tables out on the sidewalk (probably some good people-watching here... Ellsworth on a weekend night can be entertaining) and the main seating area inside of the restaurant is great as well. It's fairly dark and something about it just makes the place feel upscale and refined. As for drinks, we ordered a variety of featured cocktails from the menu and everyone enjoyed them. I started with a Rock and Rye, which is one of their happy hour specials during the week (rye whiskey, lemon, orange, pineapple, rosemary, and rock candy). I followed that up with a classic Manhattan. Both were excellent and the service was quick.On my most recent trip I ordered fish tacos (apps are 1/2 off during happy hour). I was fairly disappointed in these. There just wasn't anything special about them and to me they were bland. Salsa or anything with a little bit of a kick would have gone a long way  to help these. My friends ordered a variety of other apps and everything else seemed fine. Apparently their mac and cheese is amazing, so maybe next time I'll go that route.Overall it's a nice place to get drinks with friends. Service has been great each time and I'm glad to have another reliable happy hour spot in Shadyside!
5	After 2 years on the west coast, me and my wife made our trip back to PIttsburgh and this was by far the best dinner and best experience we had in our 3 days. The food was freaking amazing--the fried chicken was amazing, and the mac and cheese with short rib was mind blowing. it was the night that the power line blew outside Harris', and we were glad for more reason than one that we were at 1947 Tavern. This used to be our go-to spot when we lived in Dover Gables, just around the corner. The food is incredible, the drinks are strong + bourbon-lishiscous, and the vibe is super laid back. Hell, I'd move back JUST to live within walking distance again.
3	The ambiance and atmosphere are tops. We walked in and were sat quickly, while there was a 25 minute wait at the harris grill across the street. Friendly staff and good background music. You feel as though you are in a trendy pub in the 1940s. The lighting was low but you could still admire your food and see your friends.The menu was well rounded with modern American cuisine and some food from the UK. We all ordered different things, including several different kinds of meat and vegetable pot pies. The food was good but not great, the portions are a little smaller and prices a little higher than most other nearby options.The beer list was VERY solid, and my friends loved their cocktails (including over 50 types of liquor)  I'd happily come back for drinks in the cozy atmosphere, and maybe spring for a side appetizer.  I'd reccomend coming here for the drinks before and planning to go somewhere else for your dinner.
5	I really dig this place!It *used* to be the Elbow Room, and then I moved out of Shadyside, and then I came back and voila!  It's now the super swanky and cozy and much improved 1947 Tavern!  It was like finding out an ex had lost a ton of weight and become super hot and wanted to get back together.   WIN.I'm a beer drinker, and I enjoy drinking beer in attractive places.  Their patio fits that bill.  Its enclosed, really nice, has a cool modern vibe to it.  I'm a carb lover.  I love eating carbs anywhere and everywhere, especially carbs with cheese.  I cannot more highly recommend you try the pierogie mac n cheese.  It's the missing piece of your soul.This is not the cheapest place to dine, but man cannot live on Subway or Wendy's alone.  It's a great place to take a date, or your mom, or just yourself for a nice cocktail!
4	This is a great little neighborhood tavern. Bourbon hamburger was great and the mixed sweet and regular potato fries were a treat.My vegetarian friend had portobello burger with Brussel sprouts. The server was fantastic. Good for a quick casual meal. Prices fit the bill.
5	It's my fav in the neighborhood. It isn't super cheap and possibly a little stuffy, but it's eventually more relaxed and a good time. There's a large bar, window seating, huge party tables, and dark booths to slink into.  The back patio is incredibly cute, little picnic style tables complete with the twinkle lights around the wooden fence.  The wait staff is friendly, accommodating, no complaints here.The cocktail list is good. The whiskey list is crazy extensive. But the real gem are the whisky slushes. It sounds not great to call them slushes, but that's what they are.  A few variations of whiskey, honey, ice slush, and some stuff depending on what you like. I get the magical one that includes cider and a lil' apple chip. They're not too pricey (maybe $7?) and I've never had anything similar. Worth the trip just for those.The food is fine. I tend to go overboard sometimes here so fried gnocchi is just what I need after some serious happy hour ($3 rock and ryes, whaaa). It's really good bar food. Do not expect a damn five star dinner. Again, relax, it's Bites and Brew's kitchen trying to put your mac and cheese together. They do a decent job. Apparently they now even have brunch. I haven't gotten up to Ellsworth that early.The atmosphere is good. Music is always good too. Food, booze, staff is good. They even have a little TV that they will put the hockey game on for you, surprisingly.  My only qualm here would be the run off from the hole across the street that is Harris Grill.  Not that it's this establishment's fault. Just saying. Regardless of less than ideal company, it's a popular, cute, enjoyable place.
4	Came here later in the night to grab drinks with friends. I will definitely come back. So chill and a nice place for drinks and conversations with friends. There is a small outdoor patio that's very cute. Waitresses are super friendly here.
4	Great mac 'n cheese and burgers. Sarah was a great server who made our night even better. Would love to come here again when back in town.
4	The more I go here, the more I think it's the most comfortable and enjoyable place in Shadyside to grab a drink with friends, especially at happy hour (update: they've now moved "happy hour" from 9-11, so I'll probably adjust the times I go accordingly).  It has great happy hour specials on food (half off apps) and drinks (the rock and rye cocktail is $4, I believe).  It's classy without being pretentious, and not annoying loud. It can get busy, but most nights you're not elbowing past crowds of undergrads to get a drink at the bar and you can usually get a seat.  In general, I think the drinks are much better than the food.  The classic cocktails are pretty great (Manhattan, sazerac, old fashioned).  The largely unhealthy, breakfast-for-dinner menu seems like a puzzling choice for a fairly classy joint, and if I were a magician I'd re-do the menu lose the Breakfast Schtick and have more healthy and light options. Among the apps/happy hour discounted items, I do like the fried brussel sprouts and bruschetta. The gnocchi tots have a pasty texture resembling neither tater tots nor gnocchi, in my opinion. Despite some flaws (mostly just that the food is not as excellent as the atmosphere), it's still the place I'm most likely to pick if I'm wanting a long, comfortable conversation with a close friend or a date over drinks and snacks.
