5	Very friendly and customer service oriented. Ryan P. & Eric H. took great care of me. They listened to some customer service issues that I had with some other situations, and they looked them up and got right on it. I was very impressed.
5	It's kinda silly to review a bank but like the other Yelper who reviewed this location, I just wanted to give props to their friendly staff.  Britney helped me the other day and she was friendly and efficient!  Also, I didn't really have to wait at all, but then I went on slightly off hours.The location is a lil tucked off the main road so don't miss it!See ya there!
5	I recently opened up a bank account for our school PTSA with this branch.Our PTSA was encountering a lot of problems with other banks and opening an account that would suit our needs for a business account.  We discovered the Az PTA works with Wells Fargo directly so our paperwork would be streamlined and easy to set up an account.We were assigned someone to work with.  The Personal Banker's name was Sabrina Petit.  She was awesome.  Very professional and helpful throughout the entire process.  The first time that I went in, I neglected to make an appointment and was told that Bri had just gone on lunch.  The girl who I spoke with said, "why don't I call her and see if she can come back, she just left a few minutes ago."  She called and sure enough Bri said that she could come back!  Really?!?  Great!  She walked me through everything that we needed to do, got the account all set up for the co-signers who needed to complete info, and got our account up and going.  They offered our PTSA no fee checking, which included FREE checks!  Amazing!  If you've ever tried to open a business account anywhere else, you'd know that this is a big deal.  The bank was out of money bags the day that I set up the account.  Bri said that she would set one aside for me when they came in.  Sure enough, she called yesterday to tell me that the bags had arrived and that she set one aside for me.  Because of the nature of our account (business) and having mulitple signers, we have had to go into the bank several times to finalize signer paperwork.  Bri is always pleasant, patient, and helpful.  I would recommend that people ask for Bri - she was great.  So great in fact that we are thinking about going to open savings accounts for our kids there with her!  Oh and hey, you can't beat the popcorn machine, water bottles, cookies and sometimes lollipops that are in the lobby!  I wonder how many times my kids will ask to go to the bank to check the balance of their savings account in the hopes of getting some popcorn and a lollipop.......
5	That's my bank! Been happy with them since 2008.
5	I continue to have outstanding service at this bank.  In fact, it's been so great that both of my kids have opened up savings accounts at this branch and my husband and I are considering switching from the Credit Union.  Last time I was in the bank, I was horrified to hear how a customer was treating one of the bank employees.  What did surprise me was how calmly she handled herself.  I don't know that I could keep my cool as well as she did!Sabrina no longer works here.  However, we have had wonderful service from Eric as well as the branch manager.  If you want to be taken care of, go to this branch!  They're great.
5	Tellers here are great. They don't bombard me with the usual sales pitches.Personal bankers are awesome about account issues and super friendly. I truly feel like they present solutions and not just sales. This is my favorite branch.
1	It doesn't matter which branch you pick they all follow Wells Fargo policies, which are legalized larceny in my opinion. From where I sit the fees they charge are abusive for everything from overdrafts to "processing" fees. I had my business account there so I would stop by with my daughter. They used my bringing her by with me as a chance to sell her on a credit card. I asked them not take advantage of her being there with me to sell her a credit card she would get into trouble with. She was a full time student at the time. Sure enough she got herself in trouble with it and I ended up helping her out.I had an account for which there was not supposed to be any fees. It seems like every month I had to get the branch manager to correct the charges they would make anyway.I moved very significant funds over to another much smaller bank and I am much happier. Bank where ever you like, but I have had all I want from Wells.
5	This bank is wonderful! Sean signed me and my boyfriend up for a few accounts and he was just great. Very helpful and answered all our questions i details. He even did a follow up call a few days later to make sure our accounts were going okay. I have been in this bank 3 times since I got an account and everytime was a fantastic experience. Everyone was friendly and treated me like a loyal customer!!
1	I am about to be a "former" Premier customer with this bank.  I have had two bad experiences with them, the most recent on 11/18/2014.   A merchant made an error and charged my debit card (used as a credit card) for $4123 instead of 123.00.  They voided the sale, however Wells Fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!  I have the voided slip... still nothing!  If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.  If not, find somewhere else to go to.  The fact is, they just have people read off of the computer screens and tell you "they are sorry, but they can't help you".
