5	Best hookah products! Ever! The only place I go to for my shisha. They literally have every flavor and I cannot get over how cheap they are. Lately I've been all about these electronic hookahs (im a loser I know) but this is the only place that sells good ones. I hate the Starbuzz..I definitely recommend this smoke shop.
5	This place has the best prices around. I drive from scottsdale just to go here. They have a great selection of tobacco, hookah, and glass products. In addition they have some odd stuff I've never seen before like "shrooms" for tea. And yes I was told they are the psychedelic kind. They also have a punch card where you get a discount after 10 visits. The staff is friendly and helpful and its never to busy so you can get in and out quick. This is my preferred smoke shop in an area that has an abundance of them.
5	This place is great. I recently moved to Tempe, and have been looking around for a smoke shop. I walked into Smoke World, and I knew that it was the place. It was clean, fully stocked, and there were a ton of glass pieces. I asked the owner if he had any foldable/ hideaway pipes, and he instantly pulled out a great selection. I ended up getting a rasta-colored wooden folding pipe. This store is great!
5	On an excursion through middle eastern countries searching for a slightly used puzzlebox I was told of a small shop in none other than Tempe. I went looking for the gateway to a land of extreme pains and pleasures, instead I found pretty grand shisha prices. I have decided that between the excellent service and prices that I wont be looking for shisha elsewhere. Still looking for a puzzlebox and a girl with wires in her face and a leather fetish.
5	We came in to buy a new Hookah, and the guy behind the counter was extremely helpful. He quickly showed us several options and let my husband feel the weight difference between the cheaper and more expensive options. We got a shorter and cheaper hookah here than we have had in the past, yet it works far better! Glad we stopped and appreciate the service! Wide variety of shisha as well.
