5	These guys are pros.  They got to my house within a week, called me when they were supposed to and left no mess behind.
5	This company has great customer service- came when they said they would, picked up all debris in my yard as well as my neighbors! But most importantly the huge overgrown sisoo tree as well as my queen palms looked amazing! The tree was pruned symmetrically and thinned beautifully.  They DO NOT over prune which was important to me.  When Burt Griner came to give me the quote, it was very apparent that he knows trees!
5	Having recently purchased property in Mesa it came with four citrus trees that I knew nothing about. I chose to hire an arborist trained in proper tree maintenance.  One tree in particular was visibly stressed.  In going with Top Leaf I have had no regrets.  The initial assessment was performed by Burt, a very knowledgeable arborist who explained in detail his concerns with my trees as well as offering positive comments about them. The crew came in fully prepared and performed all maintenance in approximately three hours. They cleaned up every clipping and leaf debris leaving the back yard in great shape. I've received comments from friends who also have interests in citrus tree maintenance as to the professional job performed by Top Leaf. They are now located at 2747 E University Drive in Mesa. Give them a call for all of your tree needs.
5	Top Leaf are professional and knowledgeable.  As they are certified arborists, it makes a big difference in tree care.  They arrived on time, price was reasonable.   My husband is a retired arborist and was very happy with the job that was done both with tree trimming and removing a  tree downed by a monsoon storm.
4	Top Leaf was recommended to me by a co-worker.  I called them and left a message.  Burt responded quicker than I expected as I called him on a day when storms had rolled thru the day before and I knew that they were busy.  I was off to a good start.  I set up a meeting to review my proposed job - 4 large Sisso trees trimmed form the top to the bottom.  They were on time and professional and I had the quote the same day as the visit.  The price was reasonable and what I was expecting.  I signed up.  They showed up and did the work.  They cleaned up and left the yard as they found it.  The trees look great and since I had the work done we have had 2 more hard wind storms and the trees survived in top condition.  I would use Top Leaf again in the future for similar work.
5	Did an awesome job at a very reasonable price  I definitely would recommend them if you're looking to have a tree removed or maintained. Very professional.
