5	We love Nicki's, they came highly recommended by a friend when we were trying to figure out how to get reusable diapers.We ended up with the best bottom system, which works out wonderfully. They are easy to use, durable and very easy to clean. Nicki's sells these through their website, www.nickisdiapers.com, but my wife prefers to travel all the way out to Madison to buy them. She was very unsure about the diapers at first, but that first trip the ladies working there filled us up with so much info, we were prepared and impressed after the trip. We now make this an annual pilgrimage when they're having a big sale. They offer classes and sell more than diapers, they also have maternity things, Eco friendly detergent and baby stuff, even toys.This is definitely the place to get your reusable diapers.
5	I love this place. I give Nicki's diapers, or gift certificates, as shower gifts when ever I can. The staff is helpful, pleasant, and really do try to help you get the best deal.
4	Great shop! Great selection. Most of the staff is very knowledgable & helpful. One staff can't be bothered to answer any questions without acting like she's being bothered. I really wish they would price items on the floor. Not everything is priced and if is hard to determine without constantly asking for clarification.
4	I stopped by Nicki's for the first time today. I have been cloth diapering for five years (three kids - not the same one, ha!) and have been to just about every "natural" store out there.  We recently moved back to the Madison area, so I wanted to stop and check it out. I was SO impressed.  They have everything!! Floor to ceiling products - a huge selection of diapers and petty much everything else you can imagine. I had to reign it in and only buy a couple things or I would have spent way too much money.  I now know where my go-to gift giving shop will be!!I love that there is a small area for kids to play, and the girl working was very kind and helpful. The one and only negative was there was only one person working. The short time I was in the shop, there were at least four (maybe five) other customers in the store at the same time.  Let's be real - this is Madison - the greatest conglomerate of hippie moms in the Midwest!! I'm sure the store is always busy, and they really could have used another person. There was a lot of waiting, which is fine if you are alone, but when you have a crying baby and a toddler, it might be better if there was one person to check out and one to answer phones and help customers throughout the store. :)  I WILL be back. Love this place!!
