3	Order in the Court is the sandwich/salad shop on the first floor of the federal courthouse.  Like most sandwich shops, there's nothing particularly amazing about the food and there's nothing particularly awful.  They serve up all the regular cold cut sandwiches you'd expect and have a couple of soups each day.  Of all the sandwiches, the chicken salad sandwich is an excellent standout since they put a bit of relish into the mix and give it a nice subtle taste.Basically, it's a grab n' go type place catering to the downtown legal industry.  And the people working there are really nice and the customer service is excellent.
3	There are not many places in the legal district to grab a good sandwich or cup of coffee.  Thankfully, the Federal courthouse has this covered.  The food, while not gourmet or interesting, at least provides more freshly-made, nutritious options than the fare offered at the Bank of America building Starbucks (my other stop when I'm short on time).  The sandwiches are your run-of-the-mill white bread variety but the coffee is okay.  I've probably eaten here more than 20 times and have yet to have something that was terrible (or get food poisoning...yes, I have low standards).  Considering it's located in a courthouse, that has to mean something.Yes, you have to go through security, metal detectors, and present ID, but at least it's not the Regional Justice Center....
3	Standard Sandwich Offerings with that Government-SmellSITREPThis is the kind of place you hit when you are working close by, have about 15-20 minutes to (literally) grab something fast, and probably actually consume it while back to your deposition or training.But creative props for at least having a sense of humor for choosing a name that is befitting of the location and vibe of the surrounding professional environment.  It is a Courthouse afterall.SETUPThis reminds me of the low-key delis & cafeterias I usually frequent at the Clay Street Center in Oakland, the California Highway Patrol Complex in Monterey Park, CA, and the Health & Human Services Cafeteria inside the Bateson Building in Downtown Sacramento.* Non-Descript* Near a central government plaza* An array of pre-made sandwiches, beverages, chips, etc.* But quick and inexpensiveTHE LOWDOWNA decent good "grab & go" establishment when you have little time to grab a quick lunch.
