1	THE FOOD WAS SO BAD THAT I GOT UP HALF WAY THROUGH OUR MEAL TO GO SHOPPING FOR CHINESE MOVIESCame here last week for lunch with my family. My aunt had an ad from the newspaper which offered a free dessert if you spend over a certain amount. The first waitress did not want to honor it. The second waitress honored it, but they ran out of ingredients for it. They ended up giving us shaved ice w/red bean, taro and tapioca.
5	Food = not that great but it wasnt always like that.. i remember the dishes being quiet delicious the first time coming here. the taste is just not consistent enough.. I think they have multiple cooks? who knows.  But why 5 STARS?!  THE DRINKS.. I LOVEEEEEE THEIR DRINKS. the perfect blend of milk teas and fruit teas makes me a very happy customer even if the food is not up to par. If you dont come eat, come get a drink at least! you wont regret it.
5	I enjoy coming to this place at night after a long day at work.  The workers are very sweet patient people. The food portion is more than enough, I always end up having left overs. Don't be fooled by the empty scene, this place is definitely worth trying.  I recommend the house fried rice.
5	I just went there today for lunch. Their food is decent but it is not LA. They could do better. I went there because my parents wanted to go to Chinatown to get a chiness newspaper and we needed a place to eat. The service is wonderful but the food could be better. Chinese foods in LA are much better. It is a hk Taiwanese food joint. So if you are familar with these types of food you will like it but honestly resturants in LA are better.
5	Okay so I know that at some point in your life, you rolled out of bed and looked at your significant other and muttered the words...., " I feel like some wonton soup." No?? Well I did and this hankering for a good batch of war wonton soup was killing me. Needless to say this went on for 2 days before finally at work I looked over the options for lunch and took a shot in the dark recommending we eat at Da Sheng. Now, keeping my fingers crossed I was hoping that they make the war wonton soup like a real pro and I would not end up with the classic Styrofoam cup with nothing but broth with what looks like a baby jellyfish of a wonton floating it... I may be a little bias in saying that most places I have ordered Chinese food from off of spring mountain have been perfect but... Da Sheng hit it out of the park.First off my soup came and it was fresh and hot, opening the container was like opening that small package at Christmas and noticing all the cool stuff that your uncle ted crammed into that small box. I still don't know how he did that.... Anyways, They definitely did the same thing with large fresh wontons and shrimp with chunks of pork and all the fixings. Now the kicker is that I requested they make my soup spicy. I was concerned that they may do what other places have done upon my request and just dump some the spicy oil it and make it look like BP just ran through my bowl but they did not do that at all. They must have ran my broth through a pot with peppers or something because they gave it a great kick and flavor with the spice and did not turn my bowl of deliciousness into a a hazard in need of the environmental protection agency... I mean we have all seen the commercials with the seagulls and the guy in the hazmat suit scrubbing them with dawn soap. Now picture a commercial with a guy scrubbing off his wontons in a hazmat suit. Yep that is usually the norm.Wow sorry for short jog I just took way off path of this review but it is spot on the truth. Da Sheng has been perfect about customizing our orders and keeping it fresh and hot for everything they have done. Why have basically made Da Sheng our go to place for Chinese food. This is now the official Wonton soup craving cure.
4	This is a hidden gem. The cost in LV china town can get crazy. This place has traditional Chinese food and also does boba.
4	They have amazing Chicken Fried Rice, and the Egg Foo Yong isn't too bad either. Service is reasonable. If you have a craving for fried rice, I recommend Da Sheng.
4	This is the large chinese restuarant in sort of a half-moon shape in the middle of the chinatown mall. We went here for lunch last weekend; it was pretty empty (but then again, the whole area was relatively not busy, either- you can tell, because there was only one tour bus in the parking lot). We've been to the mall before and this place was packed. You will be seated by the host. There are booths on the sides overlooking the rest of the mall. The tables and chairs are in the middle of the restaurant, and are the majority of the seating available. The TV's were on, so my husband enjoyed seeing one of the football games. The cashier counter (you go up to pay for the bill BTW) does double duty as a Boba Tea and Smoothie- to go counter. Clean place. We ordered Wor Won Ton Soup and Combination Fried Rice to split between us. It was a cold day and we wanted soup. Ironically we were seated right underneath the vent, blasting cold AC, so we moved. Our little one was fine by our side; luckily it was not busy, so it was not in the way for other patrons, nor was it loud, either. The food was pretty good and we had leftovers. The amount of food was pretty good. The flavor of the good was pretty good, not greasy like the usual suspects. There is a bit of a language barrier with the servers, but that is ok. We would come back here again. Afterward, we went to the Bakery, my favorite.
4	Been in this plaza many times and i've always noticed this place with it's open seating and ads of fresh fruit smoothies and cartoon pictures of the monkey king which i think the plaza is themed after. Anyway a friend and I hit Da Sheng up for lunch after work. I'm not sure if he's been there before and was taking me just for shits and giggles or he wanted someone to scope out the place with him.Regardless we came at a time where the restaurant was pretty much dead. The waitress acknowledged us and told us it was open seating and i grabbed a few menus and start browsing. My buddy has a complicated diet due to some conditions he has so pork was totally out of the question as well as some shellfish.We ended up getting two lunch specials which were i think 6.95 which wasnt too bad.Spicy Eggplant - Normally i dont like eggplant but this place's spicy eggplant might just change my mind. A nice sized plate of eggplant perfectly seasoned and not too spicy with slivers of onion and bamboo shoots. Chinese eggplant with skin on. Texture was spot on, not too soggy or slimy and had a firm bite to it. Shrimp with Seasonal Veggies- 'Seasonal' is kind of a strange term for veggies that are pretty much available year round. appearance wise this is your typical chinese stirfry dish with the thickened sauce. First bite revealed A LOT of tasty garlic and surprisingly a lot of shrimp.Didnt get a chance to try out any of the smoothies but i'm definately sure to come back and try a few more dishes this place offers.Yelp 100 - 011 of 100
5	The food is AWESOME here! ive been happy everytime, the first time i ordered here i didnt know i had to ask for boba in my drink so i was somewhat upset about that [but the drinks were still really good], but this time i made sure to ask for boba, the only thing was that the taro slushy tasted a little... powdery lol but everything else was AMAZING! the food is super yummy, my favorite is the salt & pepper shrimp! i will deffinately order here again! :D
3	Overall the food and service is average. We ordered Shrimp with scrambled eggs (shrimp is large, good portion however a little too salty)String bean with garlic sauce (A-OK)Preserved veg with pork hot pot (a little too sweet for me besides that it's good)Con : They charge for steam rice. (My cousin who lived in Vegas says most Chinese restaurant do no charge for steam rice).
2	I was a bit iffy about coming to a place in the notorious China Town Mall when our business associates invited us here for dinner.  We even went back a second time for a second attempt on our own.  They are located in middle of the indoor shopping complex within the strip mall.  For cold starters, we tried Tofu Beef & Cucumber and Happy Couple, both were quite bland and a bit on the sweet side. We had an odd soup with fish ball in it, which is almost like a bowl of noodle soup without the noodle, and the soup was quite salty.The Chicken Pot was a bit boney on the sweet side, and flavor was not all there either.  Beef Noodles was ok.  I avoided the Egg Plant.  The Taro Short Ribs was an interesting dish, but the combined flavor was just very odd even for a Chinese dish.  Chili Broth Beef & Fish was just a big mess, I could not find the star of the dish.Peach Smoothie was the best part of the meal, as it was a decent quality drink.Da Sheng was not up to par when compared with other Chinese restaurant in the area, however, they do excel in their drinks.  Perhaps they should just focus on that instead...  Service was just "meh".  I suppose the low price was able to justify the poorly made food.
4	If I had to guess the business plan for this decent size Chinese restaurant in the middle of the two-story building in Chinatown Plaza, I would have to guess: LA Chinatown buses to Las Vegas.  It certainly has the capacity to hosts 2 tour bus loads of customers, but is always empty each and every time I happened to walk through this building.Oh a whim, I met up with another Yelper and had lunch here.  Their lunch specials are very affordable, with prices ranging from $5.95 to $6.95 covering 25 items.  You can practically eat here for lunch every day for a month and barely have to order something you have already tried.  That is actually pretty good.So after looking over the menu we settled on the following items:Fish Filet with Black Bean Sauce - Lunch Special. ($6.95)There are plenty of fish in this dish, and although it did look like they skimped on the black bean sauce or gave us something different instead.  Either way, it was good and we had no problem killing it like it was your worst enemy that turned into one of those Walking Dead Zombies.  Cabbage Green with Dried Shrimp - Lunch Special. ($5.95)A very simple and probably derivative of a very classical Chinese recipe, but still rather tasty.  It was not my favorite of the two items we ordered, but we still didn't leave any morsels behind for other bands of scavengers. Besides the wallet friendly lunch menu, their buy 1 get 1 free Thai Tea and Milk Tea promotion is very popular for people that happens to be walking about this building.  It is not the world's greatest drinks, but it is still an enticing offer.They also serve Taiwanese Shaved Ice (the traditional shaved ice topped with various toppings (pick 3 items) and simple syrup and condensed milk ($5.35). If that is not your thing, they too have flavored smoothies and fresh fruit smoothies. That is a lot of items to refresh and satiate your sweet tooth.  Return visit probability:  moderately high
3	Never had the guts to eat here because it's always empty when I come around here. Finally ate here and I wasn't impressed. Sodas came by the can so you have to pay for refills obviously. The food was okay and the price is pretty good.
3	Pretty typical Chinese-American cuisine. We had the beef broccoli, spicy lamb, fish fillet with snow peas, and West Lake beef soup. The lamb was not spicy at all, but nonetheless it was tasty. The soup was quite authentic and I'd recommend it. The other two items were OK. We also got boba (buy one, get one free), which was decent.3.5 stars
4	I live within a 5 minute walk from Chinatown in Vegas, Not to many places in the area I haven't tried. I've eaten at Da Sheng's dozens of times over the years. It's not always the same. Sometimes the food is excellent sometimes not so good no matter what you order. Same with the service. That's my biggest gripe. Since it's in the middle of the mall with gift stores all around I think they assume you are a tourist and treat you as such. for us locals If they know you, you get better service. Once I was there and the waiter was close to being very rude, and just rushed me to order and seemed like he wanted me out of there in a hurry, the place was empty that day as it was late. A friend of mine, one of the shop owners, happened to walk by and wave and did a traditional bow as he passed by. all of a sudden my waiter did a 180 and treated me like a king. As far as the food I think it's who the cook is on any given day. I've had the same dish taste like wet cardboard or the best thing you ever ate. I generally take home the leftovers and the second day seems always better after it's marinated in my fridge. I've also gotten beef when I ordered lamb. They have a big lunch crowd and lunch specials. I think that tires out the help too, so if you go late in the afternoon you will certainly know the difference. Price wise it's very reasonable and also good for large crowds and banquets. It's a big place.and I would recommend it for that purpose for sure. I gave it 4 stars because more often than not I have a good meal and good service, and the examples I mentioned above are the exception. Bear in mind it's not gourmet nor is it intended to be. many of the people who work in the mall eat there for convenience and business is generally steady. As I said it's a big place s it looks empty much of the time, don't let that throw you off for trying it.
5	This place gets five stars for the most delicious beef noodle soup anywhere. It is called "House special beef noodle soup".It costs $7.95 plus $0.64 tax. It feeds two at lunch.Eat here for lunch then go to Ranch 99 for Asian groceries.
4	The only reason why i give 4 is because it was kinda warm, probably about 83 degrees in the restaurant... Other than that it would of been a 5 star. The customer service was great, friendly staff. Lunch was 6.25 comes w soup & rice. Then they have buy 1 get 1 free boba milk tea or boba thai tea! Loved my visit here. Will definitely come back.
4	I came here on a Monday afternoon for lunch and ordered the Orange chicken lunch special, for $7.761. egg drop soup2. plate of orange chicken 3. bowl of rice- Inside Chinatown mall.- Seated right away with a dirty menu. - Cheap lunch. $6.25 for orange chicken.- Made fresh. I was a bit hesitant thinking that the food was probably pre-made on a tray like at Panda Express, but it came steamy hot in front of me. - Crispy. orange pieces. Would have been nice if it came with a side salad.- Fortune cookie. Happy ending. - Lots to pick from on their lunch special menu. I will return.
4	I first came to this "YEARS" ago, so we decided to go here again on a ladies lunch date. The food is good here and prices are great, but the service needs improvement (Don't know how that all that works out). The lunch specials are good as well, so be sure to catch that and the buy one get one boba special as well.
1	I found this place on Yelp, so a group of co-workers and I decided to give it a try. Well...big mistake! It was empty when we got there, that should of been the first sign! We waited for a minute to be seated, no one came so we sat our selves, we waited 5 minutes for someone to help us.....no one came to our table. So I got up to ask the lady at the register to help us, she pointed at our table and nodded her head yes. Shortly after she came to our table, gave us menus and with a rude attitude she poured our waters, never said a word, turned around and went back to the counter. After looking over the menu for about 10 minutes because we had to, we were ready to order so we looked over to see if they would even acknowledge us...Nothing! There were 5 employees standing by the counter, not one bothered to help us....it's like we were not there. So we left. Never again will we set foot in this place, worst service ever!!!!!
4	This review is solely on the food and service not inside because I ordered to go. So I walked in here after being pissed off from this douche bag place next to the 99 cent market wanting Duck. I ordered the Zha Jiang Mein. Its a noodle based soup. Tiny chucks of meat with small parts of tofu looking squared things in the sauce. It smells good, but if you eat all of it. Your done for. Watch out cause that foods heavy.
5	This place is so good that I have to write a review. Last night my friend and I were craving for Chinese food. Went to China town and I remember walking through the china town mall and seeing this restaurant in the middle, in the past. I'm sad I didn't get a chance to try it til now cause it's so delicious! We ordered seafood fried rice, pig ears, salt and pepper shrimp and a whole fish fried with chili sauce. EVERYTHING we ordered came out perfectly satisfying for our taste bud. I would defiantly recommend the fried fish with the chili sauce because its prob the best fried fish with such a flavorful sauce. I really enjoy trying new things and the pig ear was cooked very well, once again it was extremely flavorful. All four dishes for under $44 after tax!
1	I gave this place one star, but I really meant zero. They charged higher prices than what was on the menu and when we brought it to their attention, they denied it, saying they had a "special price". The food itself was oily and salty, and the boba was gross. It was hard and you could tell at least a couple of days old. Service was very rude and unresponsive, and we weren't able to tip less than their forced 15% that they printed on the receipt. Overall, a lot of lies on their promotions and menu, and food was less than mediocre.
3	Food taste pretty good.The rice cake was not that authentic (not Shanghainese flavor)The crispy chicken is not good (it's like soaked in soy sauce lol)But the beef noodle is amazing!Drinks buy one get one free (forgot to check the prize for one)The spicy fish is good.We ordered 5 dishes and 5 drinks for $72.One star off for being a bit pricey.Overall: nice!
1	Ran into this place after no. 1 Boba was closed just to get some milk tea boba. Let's just say I will never go back to this place. The service was terrible the guy at the register was not very friendly and was rude to me. It's a shame because the boba was good and at a decent price but because of the way I was treated I will never come back here.
