5	On the suggestion from another Yelper i went in here to have a screw put in my glasses. They Open at 930 during weekdays and 9 am on saturday. She quoted me a price before the work began. She was friendly and had the screw put in quickly and adjusted them for me too. And made sure they fit right before i left. This is a blessing in disguise and anytime i need glasses repaired or know someone who needs them repaired i will recommend this company. Its close to the 95 and Valley View and Close to the i15 freeway and the strip for future reference.
5	I bought a pair of frames online, got them filled without wearing them, and then sadly realized that they were sitting too low on my nearly non-existent bridge. I was out $500 and unhappy, so by the referral of 3 offices (Lenscrafters, iFocus Vision, and Wal-Mart), I brought my glasses here for a unique eyeglass surgery. They actually added prongs and nosepads so that they sit up higher on my nose. This is apparently a new trend for Asians who want to wear plastic frames but can't make them fit well. Bring them here! You can wear your trendy plastic frames and have them sit properly on your face!I dropped them off at noon on Saturday and they were done the same day by 3. The cost was $55 and in return, I received custom made eyeglasses that look impeccable. I don't know about why the other reviewer doesn't think that the work is done on premise, but the door to the workshop in the back was open and they clearly do work on site. I am very impressed with this place and will definitely return for any sort of frame issue. I'll attach a picture if you want to check out what they did.
5	My favorite German eyeglass frames temple pieces were bent beyond repair.  I had had three sets of lenses installed throughout the years.  I went to one optician in Henderson with a new set of temple pieces from another pair of glasses that were the same style and size.  He told me it was impossible, that he would have to grind down the hinges and it was too much work.I found the Las Vegas Opitical Frame Fixer on Eastern Avenue near the 215.  I went in and the store was very upscale with a huge selection of frames.  I explained the situation to Danny Harris, the Licensed Optician who runs this store.  He examined my glasses and the new temple pieces.  He stated it was no problem to change out the old pieces for the new ones and told me to wait five minutes.  He came back with the new temple pieces installed correctly and my glasses actually did not slide off my nose anymore.  I asked him how much I owed him.  He stated NOTHING!!  He told me to come back when I had a serious problem with my glasses.  What a nice guy!!!  Next time I sit on my glasses and break the frame I will be back!!!
5	Excellent service and reasonable cost! I broke the frames on my eyeglass and did not have time to go buy a new set as I was leaving town the next day so I went to the Frame Fixer store and they fixed my frame in 30 minutes for a cost of $46.00They were very courteous and customer friendly!
5	Absolutely wonderful people!  I am an educator who took a pair of glasses in for a child who lives in the foster care system.  He broke his one alotted pair for the year, and I walked in with fingers crossed that they could fix the broken, plastic frame.  They not only fixed the glasses, but threw in some extras for him as a holiday token.  All for free.  I could have cried, I was so happy and thankful as I left.  Good people, good service, and angels in disguise.
5	I have a similar situation to Lucy E, (thanks Lucy, your review influenced me to go there!) - bought some prescription frames online without trying them on. Since I have an Asian nose, the glasses sat too low on my face, and my eye lashes brush against the lenses. So I took them in and ask them to put some prongs and nose pads (see attached pics). Came in at 3:30pm and it was done by 4:00pm!  Price was reasonable ($55). Perfect fit - these glasses used to fall off my face if I shook my head too quickly, but now, it's just right. Great service and friendly people. I would definitely come here again to get my other frames modified!
5	I am local Las Vegan.  I have a pair of Silhouettes that had a broken arm.  I was having a bear of a time getting my Optician's office to repair them.  I called Frame Fixer and they said "Sure, come in, we have spare parts."  I went down there.  The staff is friendly, the store has a lovely atmosphere and BEST of all they repaired my frame while I waited.  They have an incredible selection of eyeglass frames and options for Clip Ons for any frame.  I will most definitely return to this store.
4	Came in here to get a pair of Ray Ban sunglasses fixed for my grandma - the plastic ends had fallen off.  They told me they would see if they had the right part, when they found it they showed me what the price would be (like $20) and then put them on right there.  So her expensive sunglasses were saved in 10 minutes for $20!  They were also very nice.
5	Great place to do business!!!!! Excellent staff, nice selection of frames, fast service and great prices...They don't miss a thing
1	Wow, after reading the other reviews it seems as though the people I had the unpleasant misfortune of meeting must have kidnapped and tied up the real proprietor's and locked them in a back room! OK, long story short; the people are RUDE! I wont be back.I was referred to Las Vegas Optical aka "Frame Fixer" by a very nice person at a local super Wal-Mart vision center to have a screw replaced on my sunglasses. At Frame Fixers I was greeted by an older woman who was courteous and kind (doing good so far)...she said she would need to keep my glasses over the weekend (bummer); still doing fine... She said it would be $10 and I would have to pay in advance (hmmm, a bit steep I for a single screw and kind of a drag to keep them for a couple days but ok, I need them fixed!) She said she would call Monday, she never called. I called at 3:30, they were ready. I was helped (I use that term loosely) by a different woman this time. When I looked my glasses over I noticed a small spacer seemed to be missing from the side where the screw was replaced. I asked about it and she said, "We only replaced the screw". I asked if there was supposed to be a spacer there and she said, "Let me see them". She disappeared into the back and when she returned she said, yeah, but we only replaced what was written up on the repair order. Of course she is saying all of this in an extremely rude manner. I then gave her a look of disgust and said, hey, I don't understand your attitude but you're the professional here. If you take apart someone's glasses and find that more is needed to fix them properly, you should call and inform the customer of what needs to be done. Then she says, hey - I can fix them but it will be $5 more and you'll need to leave them here, I can't do it today; but if you want me to fix them I'll put the spacer in. I said thank you, I'll pass.I was in no way rude to anyone here. I did not misinterpret this woman's behavior. She is just a flake. It might be a good place to buy glasses but they suck as a repair shop and have no public/customer relation ability. Get rid of the rude chick and find someone nice to keep people coming back. You lost this customer.
5	I went here yesterday to get the leg on my glasses fixed. I was in and out in 10 minutes and they charged me $20 for the repair. Everyone was nice and organized. I would go back again for any eyeglass repair.
5	the ladies are so friendly and helpful i got my pair repaired a few yrs ago and now they took care of my husbands, thank u for exceptional service hard to come by!
4	Frame Fixer can fix anything to do with eyeglasses.  I have taken several pairs into them over the years which looked beyond repair, and they fixed them like new.  However, they are not inexpensive, and will charge extra ($15 or more) if you need them the same day.Since I only have one good pair of glasses, I usually pay the premium.  Since they are pretty much the only game in town, I am happy to pay their price, rather than having to buy new glasses.  They do have some beautiful and different frames, and I have purchased frames and lenses from them.  Again, no discounts here, but definitely quality products.  I have found the daughter of the owner at the Charleston store can be a little difficult to deal with, but overall my experiences with them have not been unpleasant.
1	-Service was appalling-Over promise and under deliver-Overpriced / CrooksIf I could give this place 0 stars, I would. I went to Frame Fixer because quite a few people recommended the place for some work on vintage glasses I recently purchased. I am so utterly disappointed and appalled by their customer service. The frames I have had a tiny pin/screw/bolt missing on the browline/cat eye piece and I took it in to get replaced. The woman who helped me was incredibly friendly and said that she THINKS she has a matching piece, but if not, she would replace BOTH to match. She quoted this to both my boyfriend and I and had us pay for the service up front (which I found odd, but didn't think too much about it because they seemed nice). When my boyfriend went in to pick them up, they handed him frames with some CLEARLY mismatched screws. The screws are right in the front, so it's totally noticeable and ugly. When he brought this up to the woman working the counter (not the same one who helped us days prior), she told him that the receipt states we only requested one screw. Sure, it did, however, the woman who helped us said she would replace both if she couldn't find a match, so based on that we should have received my frames back with matching screws. He explained what was quoted and she pretty much called him a liar stating that "she was there" and "that's not what happened", but the REALITY is, she WAS NOT there. When he argued with her, she started condescendingly calling him "lovey". He even asked her to stop, but she did it even more (like, why? why would you want to piss off your customer?). He demanded to see a manager. She then called him "disrespectful" and told him to leave. TALK ABOUT UNPROFESSIONAL! At this point he felt totally scammed and insecure that maybe she treated him that way because he's not your typical "clean cut" guy like their "regular" customers appear to be. Anyway, after hearing the story, I called in and immediately asked for a manager. A woman named  "Gloria", who stated she was a partial owner, heard my complaint. I told her I was a paying customer, explained what I was promised, and asked for either my money back or the second screw to match. She put me on hold while she spoke to the rep that kicked my boyfriend out of the store, then came back and stated that if I wanted the second screw replaced, I would need to pay an additional $15. I mean, normally I would not make a huge deal about $15, but the fact is, we were promised a service and they did not follow through. Also, the fact that they would charge me a total $30 for 2 tiny little screws that I could have gotten replaced elsewhere for cheaper (again, I went there due to recommendation) is unacceptable! I could not believe their lack of empathy for customer complaints either! Did they honestly think I wouldn't notice their mistake?! OR do they really think anyone would bring in a pair of expensive glasses to have them repair them with 2 mismatching screws?! Like, REALLY? The woman basically REFUSED to give me my money back and REFUSED to replace the second screw. She basically defended what they did based on being an established business for 50+ years with regular customers who NEVER complain (yeah, she said that). I had to waste my time filing a dispute with my credit card, writing crappy reviews, and taking this situation to the BBB because they couldn't lift a finger to resolve my situation. The most annoying part of it all is that, my boyfriend works for a company notorious for their great customer service. When he became escalated and demanded to see the manager, the woman behind the counter looked at his work badge and said "How would your boss feel about the way you're acting?" ARE YOU KIDDING ME?? EVERY THUMB DOWN for this place. DO NOT GO HERE (unless you're clean cut and have tons of money to spend, otherwise they will treat you like garbage).
5	Great experience! New glasses from a broken down old pair using my old lenses! I will use Frame Fixer for all my future vision needs! They even make prescription lenses for my dive mask!!! Great staff and good selection. If you're in Las Vegas, this is the place!!!
5	This place is awesome! Came in for a quick fix to my only pair of glasses and Brittany was so helpful and friendly.  I was in and out in less than 10 mins and my glasses feel great.  Will be back soon !
5	Came to get a little screw replaced got it free of charge . Now they have a satisfied loyal customer . thank you
1	Dishonest.. try to scam you... very unprofessional!!  Let me explain...*** QUOTED ME A PRICE... $35 went up to $150*** TOOK ADVANTAGE OF THAT I NEED MY GLASSES*** KEPT ENCOURAGING ME TO LEAVE SO THEY COULD GO SMOKE.Called and explained my situation... My frames are a little cracked between the nose piece and metal that goes around the lenses.  I was told if it wasn't broke off... it could be done in an hour and would be around $35.  I was excited so headed down there.  When I got there I showed them my frames and they then said... you can't see without these.  Well... clearly that's why I wanted them fixed before they broke.  She started to bend on them a bit and I asked her to be careful.  She walked in back and spoke to a blonde lady.  After talking for a while they told me it was "SO BAD IT would take overnight to fix and cost $85.  There was no way I could leave without my glasses and they knew this.  As I was leaving... they offered to fix them tomorrow but charge me over $150 and it would take about an hour.  Kept telling me to come back tomorrow and before I was to my car... (parked right outside the door) they were out smoking.
5	I have been coming here since I was 15 years old when I broke my glasses! I am 39 now! Every time I come here I get good service! They fixed glasses for me, replaced screws and nose pads! Today I came in and needed my glasses straightened because I fell asleep in them and they fixed it free of charge!
4	I have had to take my sunglasses here three times. All three times they have managed to fix them, the last time I was expecting to be laughed out of the store when I deposited my mangled wreck on their counter.I have been charged $30 each time and see it as money well spent.The shopping center may look a little grubby however rest assured the service here is anything but.
5	Whenever I have a problem with my glasses, I always come to here, as I have consistently found their staff to be knowledgeable, helpful and friendly.  They have always been able to quickly and expertly assist me. Looks like they have a cool selection of frames as well. Highly recommend this place.
5	Great little shop for on-the-spot repair and more at reasonable price.  Did a quick fix of a popped out lens on sunglasses and replaced the small nose tabs that had caused the heft of the frames to rest heavily on the bridge of my nose.  Now it rests much lighter.  Highly recommend.
1	Stay away from "Rip Off's 'r Us"  I don't know how they stay in business. An Obtrusibe clerk estimated $59 to fix the ear on my frame and wouldn't guarantee how log they would last.  I( don't think I paid that much for those reading glasses total.  Then she estimated $419 for a new prescription with out even seeing my prescription or offering to show their very and obviously overpriced frames.They should get rid of her.  I don't think I've paid more than $100 for reading glasees to for which she assumed were bi-focals.  Again:  Rip Off, Rip Off and Stay away.  Go to Costco or Walmart.
1	I went there to get a quote on Oakley lens repair and they wanted over $200.00.  Found them on ebay for $20.00.  Then went back to have 1 screw put in a different pair of glasses and they wanted $20.00 for 1 screw!! This place is a rip off.  Don't waste your time going.
1	While visiting Las Vegas this summer, I needed to get 1 nose pad replaced on my glasses.  I had it replaced while at home but apparently they did not secure it properly and out it came again.  So I found Frame Fixer on the internet and the Yelp reviews were pretty good, so I went!  They charged me $15 for a nose pad!!  Really?  I paid nothing at home, in Michigan, and have had nose pads replaced many times over the years with no charge ... EVER!  But, I had no choice, so I paid the $15.  They did make sure they had tightened the small space that hold's the pad, which was great. Then I noticed that my lens, which is a drill mounted lens as my frames are rimless, was coming apart.  They told me it was from wear, which may very well be the case. However, they offered me no solution or possible repair other then to pinch the lens back towards the frame.  That did not secure my lens at all, and during our Las Vegas stay, which was several weeks, I had to constantly pinch the lens to the frame, and hope it did not fall apart as I do need the glasses to see, obviously...Once at home, I went to the place I have found here and they said, with no hesitation ... that I needed a new "plug".  They did it in minutes and my glasses are like new again.  The charge ....NOTHING!  Oh and as an added thought ... Frame Fixer carries the Silhouette frames that I am wearing and when asking the price for new ones, I was told $379!  Here, at this business, that does not charge me for minor repairs ... they are $305 and ... they offer an online coupon for $50 off and give the discount whether you bring in the coupon or not!  Hence the price locally would be $255 for the same frame that Frame Fixer wants $379 for!  Would I go back to Frame Fixer when in Las Vegas?  Doubtful!  Just not happy with the charges and agree with other reviewer's, that they try and do,  scam people.
1	STAY AWAY!!! UNPROFESSIONAL!!!!Writing this review on behalf of my mother.  She had to get her glasses repaired and took them in, they tried to sell her a new pair of frames but she just wanted them fixed since her insurance would be updated in a few weeks.  She dropped them off and came back to find they broke her already broken glasses and just offered her a refund or to purchase new frames from them.  Really?! No discount or apology.  The Manager was super argumentative with her and yelled at her many times in front of other people.  My mom just wanted some kind of discount for their mistake.  The lady just kept telling her it's not their problem and that's all she can do.  My mom said she was planning on leaving a bad review and the lady laughed at her and said she doesn't care, it won't hurt them.  This is horrible, they are trying to take advantage of older people.  Now my mom is out of glasses for a few weeks because the ones they broke are beyond repair.
