4	A good sign when you walk into a Thai restaurant? A pair of monks in bright saffron robes.At least, that's what I figured -- and I wasn't disappointed.Palee's is in the location of the old "Thai Hut." Those owners moved their restaurant, so the place is now under different management.For the lunch special, you get an eggroll, a cup of soup and a meal with rice.The soup wasn't very tasty -- it had this thick tree-like stuff in it which I assumed was bamboo, but which didn't really taste like bamboo. Anyhow, the rest of the food was fabulous, and it was cheap. I'll definitely be back.
4	Stopped in for a quick take-out of sticky rice & peanut sauce (craving) :).Service was fast & friendly... I was served a glass of ice water with lemon while I waited (didn't have to ask). Prices were low, sticky rice was good, and their menu tempted me with more offerings and savory aromas wafting from the kitchen. I will definitely be back for a full meal.
4	Went back for the full meal. Lunch on Friday.Fast & friendly serviceAwesome curried chicken, curry puffs, sticky rice. Good Thai fried rice.Will be a regular haunt of mine.
5	I can't miss a week without the massaman curry and thai iced tea from this underappreciated gem.The prices are shockingly low for the quality and quantity of amazing thai cuisine you're in store for. Not to mention the warm family that runs this mesa favorite, everytime I come in they make me feel like a member of the family.Careful ordering "thai spicy" its not for the uninitiated.Enjoy!
5	I just went to this place on a whim today when an intense craving for Thai hit me. First place I saw on my drive home so I really had no expectations. The place was nicely decorated and even though it was supposedly closed per the sign in the window, the doors were flung open and the couple inside warmly invited me in. I was very pleasantly surprised by my extra spicy panaang curry shrimp. The dish was full of shrimp and yellow, red, and green peppers swimming in the tastiest curry sauce I have ever had. Very spicy, but soo much flavor. The fried rice I ordered on the side was by far the best I have tasted from any take out place in the valley. A delicious egg roll was also thrown in on the side. The sweet lady that worked there gave me a free can of coconut juice to wash down the spicy concoction and I must say it was a very kind gesture.  Needless to say,I joined this website just to write a review of Palee's, that's how much I loved this place and will go back to sit down and eat next time
5	okay I went back on Friday and ohhhh yum! sooo good again. I got the same spicy panang shrimp yet not as spicy as last time. I got the Tom kha soup.....oh my it was sooo delicious. lemongrass and kaffir lime leaves with chicken  cilantro coconut milk, etc,etc.  The BEST soup I have ever had in my life! I also just read that tom yum(which is tom kha, sans the coconut milk) has supposed healing benefits with a cold and maybe cancer. Oh I sat down this time, the waiter was very sweet and worked very hard since he was the only one. My boyfriend also got something really good, I cant remember since I was too focused on my own. I also had a thai iced tea w/ cream and it was the best thing to ever drink with thai food. Well I had to write again since I am eating my leftovers and it is too good for words.Oh and just so everyone knows, since the reviewer below mentioned bamboo, no its lemongrass, dont eat the lemongrass and lime leaves....its for the flavor and aroma but too tough to eat with the soup.probably could choke ya.ok well i am already craving it, be back soon
5	I love this place! The owners and staff are so friendly and the food is amazing. I highly recommend the Pineapple Curry.
4	My bf is a little sick right now and I was craving Thai.  Since it was the weekend, I didn't wanna cook you know?  Few weeks ago, we got the Entertainment book.  So we looked through and there was a coupon for 20% off entire bill of at least $25 total.  So we looked on yelp and even though there weren't too many reviews, it looked positive.  The distance seemed a little too far for a pick up but I figured, I usually drive that distance to go to Asiana Market and Mekong anyway so it's no big deal.I got on the phone, started ordering...it took about 10 min to order the whole thing because they couldn't figure out the difference between my pronounciation of Pad Thai and Satay.  It's my fault I guess...I did feel bad repeating "no no, it's Pad Thai...the noodle?"...:(  I got there and it was kinda weird since there were no customers in the entire restaurant.  The lights were off, and the only thing lit was the OPEN sign.  To be honest, we probably would not have ordered from there if we've seen the place first.  When I went in, a lady greeted me with a huge smile and her son came out, also with a huge smile.  They were very nice and when I was about to walk out of the restaurant with my food they shouted out with a smile "COME AGAIN MY DEAR!"So we ordered the following:Chicken satay  $6.95Curry puff  $5.95Green curry  $8.95Pad thai  $8.952 Homemade Thai tea  $5.00The Meh....:  The chicken stay was pretty much what you get anywhere else, Pad thai was a little too spicy and the Thai tea was definitely different since it was made from some kinda syrup but there was too much cream and diluted the whole thing a little too much.  Now to the good stuff:  The curry puff was very fluffy, flavorful and just plain yummy!  I would so recommend it.  The green curry was definitely homemade.  So much vegetables and beef with great flavor...oh it was good.So overall, especially with the 20% off coupon, it was a pretty good deal.  I don't know why there weren't any customers in the restaurant...I guess Sunday night is a slow time to do business.  *Food = pretty good, homemade*Price = good, go through the entertainment book if you have it.*Service = good, very friendly*Decor = bare...but the lady's smile brightens up the atmosphere*
4	Walking in, I was surrounded at once by the ambience of a restaurant decorated with a mish-mash of cultural artifacts and kitsch that could only mean one thing: a really great hole in the wall.  The place was nearly empty on a Sunday afternoon, which either meant it was terrible or undiscovered.  I was pleased to find it was the latter.  While I didn't have the experience of meeting the owners, our server was attentive and very careful to explain what the items were that we ordered so that we didn't get any surprises.  The menu was easy to understand and provided offerings for any palette.  We went with a starter of some curry rolls, and a lunch plate each of the yellow chicken curry and the beef masaman curry.    I went with my standby of Coke, and my friend ordered one of the thai teas.  The food was wonderful.  They offer a sliding scale of spice in their curry from 1-5, but I have to say even the 3 felt like eating fresh coals.  Not a bad burn really, just not what my very caucasion tastebuds are used to.  Compound this with a side spice rack that my friend assured me was safe, and I picked the wrong funky smelling red powder to top my rice off.  My friends thai tea at first looked silly, very thick, though tasty, and with a huge serving of what appeared to be fresh cream on top.  About 15 minutes into my meal, I had to ask for a sip of the cream just to let my taste buds relax for a moment.  All in all, I would say definitely eat in, get the thai tea, challenge yourself to a new level of delicious curry, and settle in for a great experience.  This was a place where I felt comfortable taking my time with a good meal and just sitting and chatting with friends.
4	A Solid 4 Stars! Food is always great, the owner is very nice and friendly.Don't be afraid to try the daily special, even if it's not on the menu, you can ask the owner if she can make it for you.  She made something special for me that's not on the menu and it was good (Pad Kaprow with Crispy Pork).   Definitely try the Noodle Soup on the special menu.  You can choose beef or pork with the soup.  This is like the Thai boat noodle soup.  It is a rich flavor broth with herbs and flat noodle.  My wife always get the delicious roast duck over rice that comes with chinese broccoli.
4	I'm trying very hard to avoid fast food and to find healthier options at lunch time, so I tend to frequent Thai restaurants all over the valley.   One of the best Thai eateries that I have found just happens to be very near our Gilbert home.  Palee's Crown, on Baseline Rd just west of Alma School Rd has authentic Thai food which is always freshly prepared, and which tastes as good or better than the high end Thai places around town.  The owner and her wait staff are always friendly and very helpful when menu items need explanation.  My most favorite dish is the "Mango Tango", which is a Thai basil dish with chicken and fresh mango.  My wife frequently orders the Pad Thai, and it is the best we have ever found.  For dessert, try the sticky rice with mango.  Yummmmmmy.Frankly, we are always amazed when we see the Denny's parking lot next door filled with cars, while the fantastic Thai restaurant in the next building 40 feet away struggles for customers!  Wake up people, because for about the same price, you can have some of the best food you have ever eaten, and it's actually GOOD for you.
5	Wow, another five star review. This has been a good weekend for eating out. This is a smallish strip mall restaurant. I seem to remember it being a Chinese carryout back in the old days. Now it is one of the best Thai restaurants in the Valley. We had Pad Thai, Green Curry, and Lemon Chicken. All was just wonderful. We asked for it all the be cooked "number five," which is "Thai Spicy." Truly excellent, and actually spicy--not wimped down.The little place is decorated with all sorts of interesting pictures, photos, statues and other odds and ends. The did a good job decorating what had been at one time a pretty plain store front--though I probably would not decorate my house similarly. Service was some of the best I've experienced. The waiter was friendly and knowledgable. He brought a little juice box for our toddler, which was a nice touch. After lunch the owner came out and talked with us for awhile. She told us that she grows a lot of the herbs and spices in her own garden. You can tell. She also asked us to let her know, personally, if things are ever subpar. She said that when they get busy she worries sometimes that someone will leave unhappy. After chatting with us for awhile she gave little Dan another juice box, so he also gives the place five stars.I really hope people support this little gem. I wish we had more places like it. Outstanding.
4	excellent place. great for lunch.
5	Excellent Thai!  This place is a small family owned and run little hole-in-the-wall and it is truly delicious!  The family is very cordial and the ambiance is very quaint and relaxing.  I had the Curry Puffs and the Crying Tiger Beef salad.  I can honestly say that of all of the Thai places that I have been to--and there have been many--their beef salad puts all of the others to shame.  It is filled with mounds of fresh, whole mint leaves, red onion, perfectly cooked beef in thin slices, and a lovely tangy dressing.  The curry puffs were little like little dried mini pastys with a yummy curry filling served with a refreshing red onion, chili and cucumber salad.  My boyfriend had the yellow curry with tofu, prepared spicy, and the tofu was cooked with precision.  To cool the heat, we enjoyed a tall glass of Thai iced tea.  I highly recommend this place above all other Thai places in the east valley.  I also love to support small business owners that take pride in their work just as this family does.  So I hope you give this place a shot and enjoy their delicious delights as much as I have!  If u go, check out the cute little Thai gifts when u walk in.  The Thai dolls are darling.
5	We had gone to Payson for the day and as we were getting ready to leave Payson we decided to look in the Entertainment Book to find a restaurant coupon to use when we got back into the valley.We all agreed Thai sounded good and when we checked the trusty Yelp Mobile app and found Palee's had 4.5 stars on 14 reviews we decided it was a GO.I'll be adding Palee's to my list of Phoenix area Thai restaurants, right at the top with Thai Lahna.  We had four different items and a couple of them were the best I've had outside of the bay area.We started with chicken satay which was tender and very flavorful.  Next we shared massamun curry and pad thai.  Since my youngest daughter was with us we ordered the spice mild.  They did bring out an assortment of hot things on the side so that I could punch mine up if I wanted to, which I did.The pad thai was really good.  Not too sweet, not too fishy...just right.  The massamun curry was also very good.  The next time I am getting my own entree and ordering it hot.  We also had pot stickers which were good, not the best but good. I like a thinner skin but they had a nice flavor.The service was very good as well. We arrived about 6:15 on a Saturday night. We were the only patrons except for a few take-out orders.  By the time we left there were about 20 others in the restaurant.Everything tasted fresh and authentic.  We pretty much agreed that until another Thai place knocks them out, Palee's Crown was going to be our Thai spot.
5	I had ordered takeout from this restaurant and it was an extremely pleasant experience.  I showed up about 10 minutes before my food was ready expecting to stand around and enjoy the decor.  The woman behind the counter saw that I was early and insisted that I sit down and proceeded to wait on me like I was dining in.  She brought me a glass of water and a small salad all without me asking her for a thing.  She kept me well updated on when my food would be ready, brought the check for to my table for me to sign, all while waiting on other guests.  While this wasn't my first time eating here, I've never been given that degree of attention, nor would I even expect it from a 5 star restaurant. The food here has always been very good, lots of variety and lots of flavor.  The service really sets them apart.  At least the woman working the counter that night really cared about my order and about making sure I was happy.  5 stars without question.
5	I'm a connoisseur of Thai food. I have been to over 10 in the valley since I've moved here 10 months ago. This is by far in my top 3!! Excellent!! The pork satay was out of this world!
2	We went there on Friday since the newpaper review was good and the info provided said that these people were the old owners of Bangkok Express in Tempe.To be honest, we were pretty disappointed....the prices were a little high and the food was mediocre at best.  The curries were not very tasty and did not have much meat or vegetables in them.  We had two of them and both of them were disappointing.  We tried their curry puffs and they were not so good too --- just filled with slightly currified mashed potatoes and not very tasty.  Their fish cakes were OK.  We also ordered their pad thai and that was disappointing.  The taste was very vinegary and not what we used to have at Bangkok Express.  But the worse thing was the BBQ chicken.  At the old Bangkok Express, this BBQ chicken was rubbed with thai spices (dry) and grilled or broiled.  It was juicy and tasty.  This time the chicken was cooked in some kind of soy based sauce and boiled.  Pretty nasty and the chicken tasted like it was leftovers from a few days before and warmed up.  I don't think we will go back there again.  Thai Rama is certainly better.  We also miss the old Char's.
5	Boy, was I surprised.  I've had thai food in many major metropolitan areas, and this ranked right up there with the best.  Outstanding food, and the condiments tray had 4 items that were all extremely flavorful.  (And pretty spicy)Wish I lived closer.  This is a great restaurant.
1	Read the reviews of yelp and decided to try this place tonight.  The flavor is pretty good and spicy just how we like it, BUT we could not finish our food after we found some sort of a worm in the dish.  I looked up what kind of a worm it could have been and chances are it was a bamboo worm. Even though the worm can be edible, we did not plan on having it with our dinner. Needless to say we could not eat another bit and ended up throwing the entire dinner away.  As for the aspects of the meal, they were not very generous with the meat and vegetables for the price you pay for a place where there is a carry out option.Will not be returning:(
5	Two words. Coconut ice. Okay, apparently three words. Coconut ice cream. Get it.
5	This is the real deal! GREAT food! The owner/chef grows her own Thai chilies and other ingredients, like lemongrass. Warning though: it IS fiery! I totally suggest going with the "3-star" heat if you like it spicy. You can always make it hotter, but you can't make it more mild... a lesson learned with the papaya salad that had me licked about 5-bites in!
4	On the advice of other Yelpers this is where I dined for my birthday yesterday. Had a wonderful meal & thankfully we listened to the waitress & other Yelpers & ordered our meals spiced 1&3. The BF loves his food really spicy & was talked out of a "4" & was super glad he had!And only because it was my bday did I splurge & order the coconut ice cream with the Most Amazing fried banana I've ever had...in crispy paper dripping in honey & when mixed with the ice cream it was DIVINE!!!The 3 or 4 king fried rice was out of this world too. We will be back maybe even just for dessert!
5	This place is amazing! Clean restaurant, great service, and great food. I ordered the yellow curry chicken adorned with spicy potatoes, carrots and side of white rice. The presentation definitely added to the meal along with its perfect portion size. The next time I visited I ordered the pad-thai, the level of the spiciness was quite impressive as they got it just right. Worth a revisit!
3	This is my 1st let down by yelp reviewers. I love spicy food especially Thai so I eat it a lot. I had the green curry, my Wife had pad thai noodles and we shared egg rolls. The egg rolls were fresh. The curry was really just hot and absent the flavor of the thai spices I have tasted elsewhere. The pad thai again had no real flavor from spices and was noticeably sweet. Since the portions were ok and the price was ok I probably will look elsewhere for my next thai.
4	This place is good! I called in an order for carry out and walked over to pick it up. Staff was fast and friendly. I only ordered the yellow curry since it's just me, but it's very tasty. I ordered it 2 spice and it's plenty spicy (glad I didn't talk myself into 3) and it's really flavorful. I'll be going back!
5	Great service. Amazing food and almost never a wait. The Thai tea is excellent too.
3	I was too tired to go out and eat so looked up thai restaurants in the area and ordered a take out from this place after work, for dinner. Ordered the drunken noodles and Tom Yum soup. The soup was awesome (hence the three stars) but the drunken noodles were overcooked, tasteless and mostly burnt. Do not recommend.
4	Really friendly staff and pretty good Thai food for the price. I ordered 3 entrees and a thai tea and the total was $34. Not bad and the portions were pretty big. The curry was a bit too spicy for me but the pad thai was perfect.
5	Do yourself a favor and bookmark this place.I love Palee's Crown and if you've seen my past reviews, you'd know I'm a tough cookie to please. I've had my fair share of Pad Thai and Spicy Basil garlic chicken and I must say that this is by far the best. No pad thai is EVER created equal, there is just no such thing. Restaurants typically have their own version of pad thai (albeit very similar, some are more saucy while other are more dry) but this one suits my palette the best, with just the right balance of tamarind and fish sauce to make a yummy saucy base. I stumbled upon this place after denouncing Benjarong as one of my favs ever since it went through what seemed like an eternity of renovations, I just gave up.... But that's another story.   When I want quality thai, Palee's is it. I'm the only "ethnic" one in my office so introducing my coworkers to new foods is a challenge. Of all the Thai places I've taken them to, they always vote for PC. And whenever my mom is in town she ALWAYS wants to go to PC.  There's just too many things to like about this place. For one, aside from the quality, the location is good since it's located in close proximity to a lot of businesses (hotels, the fiesta mall, etc). Second, the quality is excellent. Third, the price is competitive and on par with a lot of local thai joints in the area. ......And last but surely not the least, did I mention the cute and friendly hostesses/servers? Seriously, it's like watching an episode of Cheers every time I come here, "sometimes you want to go, where everybody knows your name"!  Great customer service!And to everyone who is rating this place as a $$ instead of a $.... WTH are you  ordering? Lunch plates are usually $8 while the standard size is no more than $10 per person.
5	I'm pretty sure that Palee's Crown is the best Thai place I have ever been to. The service is always great, and the Owner comes out to talk to us whenever we are there.The food is so amazing, I have never tried something that I disliked at all. I especially love the Pad Thai and the Currys. I am always full and completely satisfied by the time I leave. I also recommend trying the Thai Iced Tea to drink if you are like me and enjoy weird authentic drinks, and for dessert be sure to get the coconut ice cream. Don't make excuses about trying to spend less money or that you are being careful about what you're eating, just try it.The prices are good and if you're not sure what to try, stick with a curry but remember that Asian spices are very distinct, and very spicy.
4	This Place is great! the food was wonderful, and the service was really good! the only thing to be careful about is the spice level, i ordered a 2 out of 5, and it was very very spicy still, so stick to a 0 if you are like me and dont like your food hot!
5	So, I am salivating as I write this....I usually get the red or green curry, here, both of which are amazeballs.My bf usually gets the Cashew Chicken.This is just...the best. The flavors are amazing! So much so...and I'm embarrassed to type this --- We drink the broth. Literally. I used to order extra rice and mix it all up...but why bother?Their lunch specials are fanastic! You get soup, a little vegetable roll and an entree for 6.95. Oh, word to the wise: Unless you can handle it, order a 0, or a 1 spice level. I'm serious. You aren't tough. Thai Hot is different than Mexican Food or Indian Food hot. This is serious.Other than that, go and enjoy.
5	LOVE this restaurant!!  We found it by accident as we try to find good Thai restaurants in the East Valley.  The owner is very accomodating and adds basil to the Green bean tofu for me.  She will also make a peanut curry over spinach for my husband which is YUMMY.  Highly recommend the restaurant!!!
4	Placed a $160 to go order and EVERYTHING was correct and nicely packaged. Food was very tastey. Everyone was happy with their lunch.
4	Excellent Thai food, especially when compared to other places around me. Fresh ingredients, everything seems homemade, not out of a jar. I did try the coconut ice cream, and although it did me in, it was delicious.
5	I found this on Yelp while staying nearby for a conference. It was completely delicious. I got the Cashew Nut ( I think that was what it was called) with just veggies. Everything tasted so fresh. It wasn't too spicy, I said I wanted medium but I'd consider it extremely mild. However it was really flavorful so I can't complain at all. I just think next time I'd ask for it spicier.  This place is in a pretty nondescript strip mall, but don't let that deter you, they're doing an excellent job.
5	Yeah the food here was excellent.   Extremely packed with fresh spices and complex flavors.  Easily the best Thai food I've had. We had the Curry Puffs, Red Chicken curry (2 of 5 heat was still nice and spicy) and the Pad Thai (chicken).  All were excellent.
5	From the outside, this place is very nondescript. Located at the corner of a strip mall, it doesn't look like much from the outside. However, looks are quite deceiving.I consider myself a bit of a foodie. Every week, I try and go out to a new restaurant to try. However, for your Thai food craving, look no further than Palee's Crown.Their lunch specials are amazing. I usually get their cashew chicken, and it is amazing. Watch out for their spice level, as they do not joke here at all. Their food is super flavorful, and just the right amount of meat to vegetable ratio.Service is always top notch. I have no complaints about this place at all.
3	{Actual Date of Visit: 10/9/11}It took forever to find the place, but it was probably due to the fact that I had just moved to the Phoenix area and the idea that everything out here is buried in a strip mall is foreign to me.  I ordered the Vegetable Pad Thai.  The presentation was lovely.  The raspberry lemonade was fantastic (what is the secret ingredient)!  Too bad I was too full for refills.  They give very generous portions which is great, but unfortunately the food was just a little too spicy for me.  I'm a Caribbean girl so I like spice, but some people's idea of spicy just hides all the natural flavors of the food.  Nice place and decor, clean food.
5	Don't let the strip mall exterior fool you.  The interior is charming and nicely decorated, with soft Tahi music tinkering in the background.  This is great, authentic Thai food.  Its the real deal.  The spice is rated 1-5, and be cautious with the spice level.  I'm originally from south Louisiana and I like spicy food, and I order mine 1 or 2. I work nearby and lunch is timely and delicious.  The Tom Kha and Pad Thai are well-executed classics! Nice Job Palee's Crown!
4	This place has definitely had some of the best thai food I have had in Phoenix....and it was hiding right around the corner from my house! Craziness! I went here today with a friend and got my standard order, drunken noodles at a 2 star due to the warnings of crazy spiciness. I think I could handle a 3 star, but it was decently spicy. I thought the flavors were good, the ingredients were tasty and it was cheap! 7$ for soup, spring roll, and a full plate of food. I'll definitely have to come here again (especially to try their desserts which are made in house...yum).
1	Totally bummed that when I ordered TOFU and VEGGIES it came out cooked in chicken broth.  I'm sure it is my fault and I should have specified that I was a vegetarian but I thought that was implied from the conversation I had with the waitress and by the order.  I don't know any meat eaters (though I am SURE they exist) that order tofu & veggies when they go out to dinner.  I sent my food back and left.  :(
5	I went back here last night and it was awesome! Got the drunken noodles again, but I got it at 3 stars and it was plenty spicy....my nose was running, but it was perfect. The dish had a lot of flavor (other than just spicy) and it still tasted fresh and delicious. I brought a couple friends and they both enjoyed the food very much. This is definite my new go to Thai place.
2	I normally order my Thai about a 4 out of 5.  I read the warning on Yelp about the heat, so I ordered a 2.  It was too hot. I  don't know why a restaurant would use such a different scale than every other restaurant in town but, that definitely detracted from my enjoyment of my meal.  It was "ok" food, divey atmosphere but the service was friendly.  I wouldn't go out of my way to go back here as there are so many other fabulous Thai places in town.
5	My new favorite thai place...I have been searching and tried 5r cha, Jasmine cafe, pink pepper and a couple other thai places in Mesa and Gilbert but nobody nailed it. They have the BEST Tom Kha and the Pineapple Fried Rice is out of control good.  Clean and friendly...AWESOME!!!!
5	THAIREFFIC !!!!! I slapped myself on the wrist for not trying this place out sooner, considering I have drove past like a gazillion times. Dropped in and ordered a bunch of grub to take back to the crib and we were totally satisfied and happy. Not that pricey plus the food and portions well exceed the price and service is really quick as well. You can dine in also but they don't serve alcohol so my couch and a beer that night sounded much better..anyway I'm a sweet and sour pork freakazoid and I had the best I think I've ever had from here. You get to choose from 0-5 how spicy you want anything and everything you order and the way they cook there food is just delicious. Pad Thai is freaking awesome  too! If you happen to drive by and want some Thai, don't be shy go and give it a try..trust me it's really good I wouldn't lie...
2	I did not like this place.  I ordered two of my standards:  Thom Ka and Papaya salad.  The papaya salad was sopping in sauce that was way too fishy instead of zesty, and they charge more for it here because they serve shrimp with it.  I was very disappointed as these dishes are no brainer thai standard faire and neither tasted right.
5	This place had GREAT food. I also had the mango basil, hot, and it was one of the best thai dishes I've had. The service was very courteous and quick. I really recommend them
4	This place is really good!  I had the drunken noodles with tofu.  A little on the oily side, but otherwise delicious!  My son had seafood fried rice which was also delicious, and other son had the Pad See Ew with Shrimp...also delicious!  We had eggrolls to start and I had the Thai Iced Tea.  I only tried Thai iced tea one other time when my mom ordered it at Thai Rama.  This time it was very different.  There was some sort of milky substance on top.  Not sure what it was, but I really didn't care for it.  Thai iced tea is all new to me though, so I don't know if that's standard or not.  Service was great.  Our waitress was friendly and helpful.  It was a little on the warm and stuffy side in the restaurant.  I always hate how restaurants are so cold inside so I've learned to bring a sweater everywhere, but I didn't need it here.  I actually wished it was a little cooler.  A first for me.  :-)
5	This small, unassuming little gem is a wonderful surprise!  Palee's Crown was the best Thai food I've had in a long time.  We tried the shrimp pad thai, awesome.  The larb app, in addition to having a nice little heat to it, had a hint of mint - awesome surprise!  The coconut icecream was a nice way to end our meal.  Simple, fresh and home made!  Try to sticky rice and fried bananas, you won't be disappointed.The owner and her son were so wonderful to chat with, just awesome people.It doesn't get better than Palee's Crown. I will make the hour long drive to eat there again.  Give it a try!
4	I haven't written reviews in awhile so I figured it was about time to catch up!!I've been to Palee's before. It was recommended by an avid Thai food lover. However, I never had the chance to review it before until now. Last week my husband and I went on a double date with some friends. My friend hadn't tried Thai food before so I decided to select Palee's for her first Thai experience!!We went for dinner during the week so the place was fairly empty. At one point we were the only ones in the whole place reason why we had top notch service from this Thai lady who was very helpful and sweet.We ordered couple appetizers; crab puffs which were so so and pot stickers which were sorta baked and crunchy but good!I ordered the traditional Thai iced tea with cream which I love no matter where I drink it and everybody else ordered the regular iced tea which had a jasmine type of taste. My husband was fascinated by it and I don't know why!! ;)Before I tell you what we ordered for our entrees...let me just emphasize that these people don't mess with the Thai heat scale. Level 3 is pretty spicy!!! I've eaten raw habanero peppers many times before and I still respect Palee's scale highly so watch out!!!!!!!!!!!!I ordered Tom Kha soup just because I am addicted to coconut and I always order it. It was okay but they used crimini mushrooms instead of straw mushrooms..I found that bizarre because straw mushrooms is what makes this soup so special. I ordered this level 3 and it was SPICY but I ate it all gone!! My friends said that it was so spicy it burned their throat ;) I also had the Panang Curry and it was delish!!My husband ordered Yellow Curry just because he loves potatoes. My friend  had the Phad Thai Delight with glass noodles and it was GREAT!! I think I'll get that next time. Her husband had the Massaman Curry which had peanuts. If you like peanuts then you'd like it a lot.Lastly, for dessert my friend and I shared a Jack fruit ice cream. Oh my...it was delicious and had the consistency of a granita...you must try it!!Overall, we had a nice dinner and my friend enjoyed having Thai food for the first time. We paid $88 for everything!!
3	I came here based on the reviews.Its clean inside, Kind of small. The waiter was nice. The food came out quick.They offer 4 levels of spicy, I went with 3 on my vegetarian tofu and veggies. It was spicy but just right. The taste was ok. Nothing special. The portion size was very very small. I left hungry.As a vegan there were quite a few choices which was nice but there are just too many better places around this area to ever eat here again I am afraid. 3.25/5
1	OH MY WORD!:(I am beyond disappointed! I ordered a lot of food for our office and I order the one thing that I love oh so much from Thai Rama (Our usual spot) : Panang Curry! So as i get back and give everyone their food I carefully poured some over my rice took a bite and instantly my mouth was burning when I called in medium not HOT. I had a feeling when I opened the container that the thick layer of chili redness on top seperating from the sauce was a bad sign. Now don't get me wrong, I LOVE hot sauce and spicy stuff but not when I can barely get the flavors out and have to keep eating so fast to get past the burning sensation all over.  I love to savor the flavor and let it linger just a little bit more than having a burning sensation to where I cannot feel my mouth or tongue.So I obviously stopped trying to get past it after 2-3 bites as my manager was laughing at me from across my desk (saying I really shouldn't laugh).  I immediately called Palees back asking if it was possible to switch it our for the non spicy version of it once I got off work they agreed and apologized. Everything should have went smooth right? WRONG. after they agreed to have the new order ready by 5:30 it was not ready, so i sat waiting for 10 minutes and then took it home tried it the following night and guess what... It was just a smidgen less hot than how it was before...:(I still had to eat it fast as possible again.  This was the first and last time I will ever think to go back for anything with a spice level because everything not hot that everyone else got was supposedly delicious but I am almost nervous to even go back what so ever to be perfectly honest. Looks like I will be forever faithful to Thai ramas in Chandler.
5	This is the BEST thai food in Arizona. Very helpful service, extremely friendly chef/owner. i had the anchovy fried rice, which was SO GOOD. someone else got the fried fish with green beans and LOVED it. I will be coming back to this place ASAP.
4	Just ordered take out from this cute little place. First off, the gal who took my order was incredibly sweet and very helpful! Secondly, they pack to go orders extremely secured which is HUGE in my book. I have a jeep, things get bounced around and always end up spilling. No problem today. I ordered the Tom Kai Guy soup. Thai 5 hot (the hottest they have). It is delicious. I won't say it's the best Tom Kai I have ever had, but it was delicious nonetheless. My friend ordered pot stickers and they are amazing. Can't wait to try some main courses off their menu. Good thai food is something I have not been able to find near my office. So glad I found this little spot.
5	This place closed down. Now it is a Thai Basil.
2	To let you all know, that Palee's no longer exists..It is called! the last thing I wanted to hear,"Thai Basil". Why?! Ill tell you, from what i understand the owners sold the Business to Thai basil, and took their great recipe along with them.. The reason why I'm so blown away is , just read my review on Thai basil on Rural..Not Good!! So me and a girl friend of mine decided, lets give it another shot, different and new location..just might be good and Thai Basil will redeem themselves, from my last experience..First of all we got a warm greeting, not like the Rural location, when the girl thought that texting was more important than customers.. they had a fair price, and i asked if the red curry was the same recipe, she said no, its Thai Basil's recipe. I started to panic..Oh no! its going to be watered down..Guess What! we took our Thai back to my place, and it was "WATERED DOWN"!!!! Bummer! Good portions of meat in the red and green curry, but I'm not really into flavored water.. What a drag, and they are just a block away, and now I have to travel across town to get my Thai.. They get 2 stars for their service, very nice people in that one, of the many "Chains" of Thai Basil..
5	Best Thai food I've found anywhere! The decor is nice. Don't let the strip mall 'esque appearance of the parking lot fool you. This is a family run restaurant and the owners are AWESOME! The mother came out and talked to us and the son did too. Oh and the FOOD! We first had the Pork Satay and it was served with spicy relish and sweet savory peanut sauce. It was great. Then I ordered the drunken noodles with pork. It was almost too much food. It was great! My wife ordered the Pad Thai and loved it. My daughter ordered the Squid Salad and she said that it could have had more meat on it but tasted great. She tried my drunken noodles and she said that was what she would get next time. The spice level choice is 1-5. I love super spicy and I ordered 3. It was too hot for me. Unless you are Cajun by birth or have some sort of taste bud deficiency don't go past a two for the spice level. Quick tip: When you're done with dinner order the HOME MADE Coconut Ice Cream. You'll thank me. Just f'ing do it and trust me when I tell you it ROCKS!
