2	So, the Optimum Wellness Plan is a good deal, financially, but I feel guilty every time I take me dogs in there, because I get this feeling that I've choosing money over their well-being.  We will be cancelling our plan as soon as the contract is up.  The doctors at Banfield don't actually seem to care about animals.  They don't pet the dogs, they don't say "hey little puppy!!" in a high-pitched voice, they actually don't talk to our dogs at all.  On numerous occasions, they have referred to our female dog, who wears a pink collar, as a boy.  We had some pretty major concerns with our other dog, who was exhibiting some strange behavior all of a sudden.  They ran tests, and decided that he needed $60 liver medicine.  I asked if that would fix the strange behavior, and they said that they were unrelated.  I contacted my vet back in North Carolina, and she said the liver enzyme they were trying to treat is very fickle and not really a concern.  The vet at Banfield never did address the dog's strange behavior, and we ended up taking him somewhere else, where he received proper care. Even if you make an appointment, be prepared to wait on a wooden bench for an hour so you can see the doctor for about 2 minutes.  The only highlight of this location is the young woman who works at the reception counter.  She has pawprints tattooed on her wrist, always greets our dogs, and knows that the girl is a girl.  It's a shame that she is affiliated with this company.  Anyway, our dogs are fine, and the price is low, but I just don't trust these people.  I guess you get what you pay for.
1	Save yourself some grief and go elsewhere.  These people don't care about your pet, they only care about how much you have to pay.  I didn't feel at all they cared for my sick pet, just what tests were going to cost me what.  I could hear a small dog crying mercifully in the back room that was very disturbing.  I know this is a pet hospital but please; I could only think that it could have been my pet. Uh, uh.  Thanks for no thanks.
1	This was a several-issue calamity.  If you're thinking of going, please read number six especially.1.  The Banfield on Rainbow lost our appointment, so we were sent to this one.  So I already wasn't happy.2.  Instantly, I was asked, by both Banfield's, if I was on the care plan or paying out of pocket.  Both instantly tried to upsell me their $400 a year care package so I'd "save money"--on a $197 appointment. Um, no.3.  My $197 plus waived fee of $39 (office visit but I had a coupon) teeth cleaning bill that I was quoted by Banfield?  I get the bill, and it's $306.  They charged me for lidocaine, a medical disposal fee, pain medication, office visit (waived), and over $300.4.  No one could explain what a "medical disposal fee" was. I asked if was biohazard, autoclave fee..what? I was a vet tech years ago--I want to know what I'm paying for.5.  There was no office visit--the vet only came out at the very end to tell me that my dog needed to lose weight, and be brushed more often to check for foxtails. I had the coupon for the free office visit.  That never happened, but they took my coupon.6.  The kicker--we were called and told that my dog had an ear infection and that they had treated him for it, and my bill was now $427.  This is even AFTER my original $197 quote. This is AFTER I wrote on the form not to do a thing beyond pull one tooth and clean his teeth.  My other half told them he was not authorizing this. They said it was too late--the procedure on his ear had already been done.  I called, furious, and was told that it was just a suggestion, and that nothing had been done on his ear.  Um, I heard them say otherwise.  Then, when I told him I was refusing this service, she insisted on me buying ear treatments for him. I told her that she could put it on my bill, but it was not going to be paid, not accepted, and my credit card company called to refuse to pay it.  This is like taking your kid to the sitter, and when you pick your kid up, the sitter has gone ahead and taken your child for an unexpected haircut, and expects you to also pay the bill.  I specifically wrote that nothing else was to be done.They want to see him in a week to see how the extraction site is going.  No.  They will never get my business again.
1	UPDATE:  Banfield asked me, as you see in their response, to call customer service. I did. They said I needed to call a number to file a complaint.  I told them I had already complained.  They said I had an option to complain again if I wanted. I asked what good that would do.  She said, and I quote, "It may make you feel better."  WHAT?  I asked to have a supervisor call me. No one did.  I called back the customer service, asked for a call back again. No one did.  The vet did call me and left a message. I called her back, and she was with a client.  I left a message to call me back.  No one did.  Banfield, and this Petsmart, does not care about your pet.
5	This Banfield location has done everything for our dogs for the longest time we highly suggest this location and Dr. Jensen she is wonderful with the dogs and their owners I highly suggest this location. On top of that you can save a lot of money if you sign up for their insurance plans you have to take a look into those,  we have saved over $12,000 with our three dogs over the years
5	I love the veterinarian at this Banfield - I wish I could remember his name. We previously lived in Dayton, OH and used the Banfield there, and as a new pet-Mommy I didn't know that it wasn't normal to do a 400 dollar x-ray every time my poor pup had GI symptoms or UTI symptoms (several times). The vet here tries to save me money each time by treating her conservatively first. She recently had some back and hip pain, and instead of immediately doing an x-ray we tried some pain meds, anti-inflammatories, and rest. Wow! That actually worked and cost me less than 20 dollars! How naive I was in the past to think that all vets just wanted what was best for my pup - clearly some are just trying to clear out my bank account! That's why I love this vet so much, he gives our fur baby the best care without robbing us blind. Not all Banfields are of the same quality, but this review is for this specific Banfield, and the veterinarian that we've visited now 5 times in the last year. (I'll update with his name next time we go there but I couldn't find it listed online anywhere).
1	I would definitely not recommend them. All they care about is taking your money for unnecessary services! Even though we have made the mistake of buying their puppy health care plan, we are going to take our puppy elsewhere.When we took our puppy for neutering, they offered completely unnecessary anal gland cleaning. They also called and wanted to pull out 2 baby teeth and we said no. Both baby teeth fell out on their own (free) within 5 days of our visit.
