5	I met with attorney John Skiba about a year ago for a bankruptcy consultation when I was living in AZ and was impressed right off the bat with his professionalism and compassion for the difficult financial situation that I was going through.  He was available to meet with me right away. At the meeting, he clearly laid out all of the available options that I had and wanted to make sure that I was completely comfortable with what all of the possible outcomes could be.  After working with John for almost a year on what I consider to be a pretty complicated bankruptcy, the outcome ended up being the best possible case scenario and was exactly what John had predicted.  It was the best possible outcome for my family and for myself.  Also, he was there every step of the way to answer any questions or concerns that I had.  I cannot thank him enough for all of his help and will continue to refer him to any clients, friends, or family members that I possibly can when they are in need of a trusted bankruptcy adviser.  I met John originally at a presentation that he was giving to a real estate company.  I had even referred him to a family member prior to using him myself, and they were also very impressed and happy with his services.  He offers a free consultation and I would highly recommend to anyone facing difficult financial times to call him and schedule an appointment.  He will definitely guide you in the right direction and his fees are extremely reasonable compared to all of his competition.  I would not go to anyone else for a bankruptcy or consultation.
5	I received a call from a Collection Agency from an apartment that I lived in 5 years ago. I did not want to settle with the collection agency on a debt that I didn't feel occurred. Though I could have settled for possible less than attorney fees, I hired John off the principle of the situation. Not only did John win the Judgment, but also had their Attorney pay for my costs. I would recommend the professionalism of Skiba Law group to everyone!
5	I researched many a firm before hiring Skiba Law to assist with a Collection suit.  Mr. Skiba and his staff have gone above and beyond my expectations, making themselves available to answer questions regarding a collection suit I was involved in.  I was able to meet with him very quickly, to start process on my suit.  He's been a consummate professional at every turn.  All the fears I had associated with the difficult situation I was in, were quelled by John and his staff.  If ever I need assistance again, I would hire him in a heartbeat.
