4	I recently visited Piedmont Row for the annual Christmas Tree Lighting.  There was a train ride for the kids, although some adults took a ride as well, along with artful balloons, hot chocolate, and chocolate marshmallows.  All events were free.  It was a cold night, but a great time was had by all.  The restaurants were booming with revelers getting into the holiday spirit but there was a lot of drinking going on this Friday night.  I would suggest bringing the kids during the daytime hours and during special events and definitely leaving them with a sitter on Friday night.
4	This is a cool little shopping/eating area with options such as Taco Mac, Del Friscos, Brio, Georges Brasserie.  There are a limited number of parking places out on the street and also a decent sized parking deck.  They sometimes have music out in the circle (sort of a mini Alive After Five concept) and for the concerts, they set up bars around the perimeter of the circle so that you can easily grab a beverage while enjoying the music.
5	A great place to meet friends, walk around, people watch and to live. I moved into the condos here recently and I am very happy with the over all community, shopping and dining. Park in either the west or east structure for easy access to everything. They also offer valet for Brio, Georges and Del Frisco. All of the restaurants have great outdoor areas for the nice summer days and nights. During the holidays they light a Christmas tree in the center of the circle and decorate really nicely with lights on all the trees. It makes the courtyard very warm and inviting.Dining here: Brio (Italian), Georges (French), Del Frisco (Steak house), Taco Mac (Mexican-ish), Terrace Cafe (great breakfast and brunch items - best bloody mary ever), AZN Asian (Chinese) - there is also a wine bar, cigar bar, frozen yogurt place, hair salon, dry cleaner, YMCA and other corporate businesses (like scott trade and etrade).Best bars to hang out in are Del Frisco (for posh style and some celebrity sitings), Brio (for good priced small bites and reasoable wine by the glass.)
