5	As a Coldwell Banker agent I am very careful about who I refer to my clients. Cummings Termite & Pest Control is one of the companies that I feel comfortable referring.Recently Cummings Termite & Pest Control hired Debbie Burnett a well known Arizona professional pest inspection specialist. This was a smart move. I whole heatedly recommend that anyone needing a fair, honest, and professional pest/termite inspection call Cummings Termite & Pest Control and request that they send Debbie Burnett to the rescue!
5	These folks are so friendly and offer great, reasonably priced service.  They know you by first name, always send the same person and in a weird way for a pest control company, make you feel special:)  Props to Joanne and Scott-you are both awesome!
1	Cummings took over the company that we originally used, and since they have taken over we have had nothing but problems.I haven't seen a single bug in years in my house and as soon as we started using Cummings we've found a bug almost every single day and not just 'bugs' but cockroaches. I called Cummings to ask them about why this was happening and the receptionist was extremely rude saying they didn't do anything wrong. I would NEVER recommend this company to anyone. Needless to say I will be finding a new pest control company today.
2	As far as Cummings effectiveness against bugs in the house, I'm neither here nor there. We have a contract for them to come out every 2 months. We still have our ant problem and we still get bugs in the house. The annoying thing for me is the bug guy who stops by our house 2- 3 hours before our scheduled appointment time. Is it better than being late? I'm not so sure it is. The bug guy calls and leaves messages on our voicemail that he is at our house and wants to treat the house sooner (of course it always a time that is not convenient for me). When I explained to the scheduling lady the concept of an appointment (which is I schedule a time that works for me and they schedule a time that works for them/bug guy), I was told they would speak to him about arriving early. Now he just waits in our driveway until I get home. Perhaps I am being paranoid but the guy gives me the creeps! As soon as our contract is up, it will be 'Smell you later, Cummings!!'
