5	Visited this small Irish pub twice now and both times we left happily surprised by the quality of their food & service.First we tried their wings, which were very tasty & unique (Not your usual "hot-sauce"/honey-garlic/whatever).The second time we went during lunch and found out they have amazing lunch specials, for $12 we had a soup, a main (Beef skewers for me, fish tacos for the hubby) and a desert. Lots of food and tasty to boot.And this all is served with a smile & some friendly chatter. The place itself isn't super special design/look wise, but that shouldn't  stop you from enjoying your meal/beer/company.
5	My favourite pub in Montreal! Food: The kitchen here is the size of a postage stamp, but they turn out a good variety of extremely high-quality food. Fish n' Chips, burgers, pizza, curry - inexpensive and delicious. Make sure to check out their lunch special: Monday to Saturday, Noon-7pm. $12.99 will get you a starter (choice of soup or salad of the day); a main (daily menu, recent examples including lamb shank, beef Bourguignon, pan-seared salmon, etc); and a dessert. Booze: About 20 beers on tap, including the smoothest Guinness in Montreal, and a decent selection of whiskies, as well as an attentive staff who can mix you up pretty much any other drink you want. You won't go thirsty.Staff: Hand-picked and shipped fresh from Ireland (as well as France and England) the staff are friendly, accommodating, charming, and lots off fun. Stop in on a quiet night and they'll make you feel right at home.Atmosphere: During the week, and before about 10pm, this is usually a quiet, cozy place, perfect for a quiet pint and a book or newspaper. On late weekend nights, the pace picks up, and there's a party going on almost every Saturday. The traditional decor and classic copper bar are timeless and comfortable. Events: Fiddler's Green hosts a lot of events, including Games Night on Monday (come to play poker, scrabble, cranium, and other board games), a traditional Irish session on Wednesdays (come by with your fiddle, whistle, mandolin, or bodhran and join in!), and a Pub Quiz every Sunday at 8. Tuesdays, Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays often have live music from a variety of local bands.Can't say enough about this bar - come on over and give it a try!
5	Why I love this place:- Rosemary French Fries- Great ambience- Fiddle jams during the week- Fish and Chips- Our current scrabble game placeIf you are looking for friendly people, servers, great food and not too noisy of a place, this is it. I really really enjoyed my times here. I love how cozy and quaint it is, but honestly I'd go back just to listen to the music! I loved how everyone just got together with their instruments and did their thing, and it wasn't too loud and drowning out conversation. (Did I mention the sighting of a harp?) So you should try it out, it was recommended to me by Paul,  a friend, and I think his word has definitely got more clout now!
1	Worst pub around! Attended for a friends birthday party and the waitress had put unexpected charges on all our bills. When we questioned her, we had been told that another table had made the orders and told her that they were with us. Never once did she bother to ask us if the other table was in fact  with us. She was also very hesitant to admit that she was in the wrong. Management did nothing to help out in the situation. Last time I go to this establishment.
5	What an excellent cozy friendly joint, with surprisingly delicious and affordable food! I was hugely happy with the battered cod tacos I scarfed down last night, which I only ordered because when do you see cod tacos on a pub menu? Served on a sturdy wooden cutting board were two baskets of two-hand sized tacos stuffed to the brim with plump, lovely lightly battered cod, and delicious guacamole and salsa. Also on the board were an unexpected basket of rosemary fries, and a bowl of salad - just nice fresh mixed greens and tomatoes. This fed myself and a friend and the fries were shared around the table and the whole meal cost about $12. (Round of applause for all things affordable and tasty and unexpected!!) While we ate and drank our pints the placed filled up nicely and the back section became a fiddle jam. Service was friendly and lowkey and the room itself is aged wood and leather, comfy but not cluttered with pub gimmickery. Tasteful and cozy cool all around, I'll be back for sure.
5	One of the best pubs in Montreal. Fantastic ambiance, great food, and booze. Their lunch specials offer premium grub on a budget and their weekly events are just plain fun. I highly recommend visiting this pub.
5	Two words: cod tacos; so freaking yummy, affordable and enough for two people. The beer here flows freely, the staff is fantastic, the ambience in the basement is quaint and the place fills up quickly. I loved the fiddle jam session going on in the back corner and how everyone was more than welcome to crowd around, clap and feel like they were part of it. The lunch specials cannot be beat and they pour a mean pint of Guinness: I will be back!
4	Came here from a recommendation of a friend on Yelp.The ambience is absolutely great, love the wooden benches and retro-looking decors. The food tastes great, and their beer is amazing (first time having a glass of Guinness).They have amazing wings, tasty cod tacos, and their ROSEMARY FRENCH FRIES are a MUST!My only disappointment is their service... My friend and I seemed to be ignored most of the time, and the bar was not even full... Furthermore, food came out a bit too slow.
5	Quite possibly the best bar food I have ever eaten. Cod tacos? Bacon and cheese burger? HOLY MOLY. The burger was, by far, my favourite... ever.Bar food prices for amazing quality, I was very impressed. The service was great, our servers were helpful and so kind. The bar wasn't too packed, but pleasantly active. I will definitely be coming back for more!
3	Kinda disappointed to say the least. The first time I tried fiddlers green I had a great time. The second time around the service was poor and the food wasn't the same. I ordered the same thing the chicken pot pie which was amazing the first visit, the next time not so much. Also I find it annoying when you go to a pub and are unable to order drinks. The delay was crazy they would of made more money on our table alone. The waitress was a doll however she did say they are short staff I feel bad and I will definitely give it another shot because they do have great food!
4	At first my friend and I grabbed a table and there and the staff didn't even serve us. We waited almost 15 minutes and were about to leave when we saw one of the bar maids bring a burger and chicken pot pie to the table next to us and it looked amazing! We decided to stay and switch tables just to try the food. After switching tables we immediately got service. The bar maid was extremely  attentive. I ordered Guiness with Fish 'n Chips and my friend got the Chicken Pot Pie. My meal was really good, no complaints. Their salad has a really nice dressing. My friend absolutely enjoyed her Chicken Pot Pie (It looked awesome!). I'm going to get that the next time we go.  This most likely would have been a terrible review if we didn't switch tables. The bar maid on the other side really made this a positive experience along with the great food! A quiet place to  hang your hat and enjoy a nice meal with friends. I'll be back!
5	Fiddler's Green is a nice place with uncomfortable furniture and great food with huge portions.  One of my companions got the chicken pot pie and a side of mac & cheese.  Despite the waiter's warnings, he persisted on ordering a disgusting quantity of food.  It tasted so good, that he finished it all.Fiddler's Green has a good drink selection with friendly servers who are not afraid to tell you what they think about your drink order.  You may get teased if you are a man who orders the "Dr. Pepper".In addition to the good food and service, there is some interesting scenery.  Our table was adjacent to an alley where we saw an old woman with a can of Budweiser urinating behind a couch.  Very entertaining!
5	Let me get this out of the way, the service can be quite slow and at times you might find yourself flagging down a waiter/waitress BUT DO NOT LET THIS STOP YOU FROM COMING HERE. This pub has the BEST pub food in the downtown core. Chicken pot pie is massive (it will have all the diners pointing at you, be warned), creamy and insanely delicious. The lamb and cheese burgers, served on pretzel buns with perfect complimentary toppings, are so juicy and flavorful. The bacon mac and cheese has HUGE PIECES of bacon in and on it. If it wasn't impolite, I would have licked my bowl clean. The cod tacos are more than filling. Last but not least, the rosemary seasoned fries... I could eat them all day. HECK even the desserts are good!This place puts many pubs to shame because they have a REAL chef who cooks delicious food. I'm not much of a drinker, but the food keeps me coming back (again, and again and again...)
5	I have nothing but good things to say about Fiddler's Green. It definitely lived up to the hype! Delicious food, relaxed atmosphere and a house beer, what more could a gal want? I went for a weekday lunch with a friend and it was a great spot to sit and chat. The food was better than standard pub fare, at more than reasonable prices. I had the cod tacos, and to repeat what others have mentioned and I failed to accept: the cod tacos could have easily been split between my friend and I. Instead I got leftovers for future enjoyment (and enjoy I did!).  There was only only waitress working while we were there, and she did her job with gusto, checking in on us occasionally but giving us our space.  I will definitely be back!
4	Came here post Xmas trip! From the outside this place looks like  a reg Irish pub, but if u ordered the food u wud know why this place is almost perfect score! Had the fish tacos! Am obsessed with those lately! It was huge!! And very filling! Two came per order along with a side salad(health!) and fries(my fave!!)!Love the sauce and guacamole! Had to ask for hot sauce coz I prefer my tacos with a bit of kick! My bf had the spicy chicken burger with bacon! It wasn't the usual deep fried chicken with spicy sauce! It was slightly browned chicken drenched in this yummy spicy, tangy sauce! The waitress was very attentive too! She reminded me of Shannon Doherty with a French accent!They had a good selection of beer, a little on the pricier side in comparison to other places in Montreal but understandable as lots were imported beer! Overall, love this little dive! Definitely a must try!
3	Fiddler's green has some of the best pub food at the best prices anywhere in Montreal. It's price point is fair and its rosemary fries with spicy mayo are just addictive. the mood in this pub is very chill when they play music such as Mumford and Sons. The happy hour at this pub is however laughable. A regular beer costs 8$ while during happy hour its 7$, not much for savings. The service at fiddler's is sadly terrible. The other day it took me 15 minutes to get my beer order, and the waitresses seem like they've never worked in the restaurant or bar industry before. Fix these problems and Fiddler's Green would be a no brainer on a night out.
4	There are numerous Irish Pubs around downtown Montreal. That being said, I would say that Fiddlers Green is one of the best. They were accommodating to our big group (~20 people). Food and drink were cheap, but very good. I got the chicken pot pie, and I cannot remember the last time I ate one that was this good. The sauce mixes in so well with the pie crust, and the chicken was still moist. My friends had the fish and chips, and they really enjoyed it. Drinks were also very nice. I got the beer cider (very light taste with a hint of cider). I would recommend anyone looking for an a pub to come to the Fiddlers Green.
2	This place has changed. food is less quality, staff is always changing. This place could be on top, but theyre not realizing, its at the bottom now.... :(
4	Never thought I would ever come out of an Irish pub saying, "Wow I really enjoyed my food just now!" It's my hubby's favorite Irish pub but the only times I've been there were to pick him up on our way to have dinner elsewhere. Until last night, when I decided to give the place a go. I had the Irish lamb stew while hubby had the bavette that came with fries and salad. Everything was good! The bavette was particularly juicy and tender and the fries fried the way they should. Prices are super affordable too, compared to other Irish pubs downtown. The wooden tables lining the walls are especially cute and make for an authentic local pub feel. If I ever decide to have a favorite Irish pub, this would probably be it.
4	checked it out based on yelp reviews The local lager was proper - and chicken pot pie was deftly a hit - overall decent experience for sure!
3	Came here to watch a hockey game, Boston vs. MTL. I am not a fan of hockey but it was a fun night anyways. The weather in May was perfect, so we sat outside as that was where we could find a table. Their wings were delicious, I think my favorite was garlic Parmesan or something. We also tried the pulled pork poutine which was just ok., Stick with the wings. The service was very good, never went more than a minute or two without  drinks.
5	What a wonderful spot!This takes the whole Irish Pub formula, and whittles it down to it's best essence.Meaning: Great Food and drinks, huge portions, amazing prices, laidback friendly atmosphere.I've eaten here twice already in as many weeks and already have a mental list of things to try out. The food here is very tasty, I've had the steak, shrimp, burger and the truly amazing Bailey's Irish Cream Creme Brulee -all of it was amazing. Portions are generous and the prices can't be beat. The cocktails here are also very reasonably priced and well-done.This is fantastic place to come into for drinks or dinner after work or to lunch by yourself while you watch the World Cup matches on the various screens.I can see myself becoming a regular.
4	The food was delicious! I had the cod tacos and it is definitely enough food for 2 people. I sat on the outdoor patio and it was very pleasant. The prices were very reasonable given the amount of food that is served.
3	Wasn't really the most exiting place around.Still, they have a nice selection of Irish Beers (the basics), at ok prices. Their poutine is not so bad as well.The decoration is close enough to an authentic Irish Pub, so no complaints there.Service was ok, maybe a bit slow. There's also an outside patio which is nice.
4	Good booze. Good food. Sweet Irish server. The terrace is a pretty good size on the shady side of the street so you can sit out there for hours, or all day, without being uncomfortable - they also put up large umbrellas to shade you. They're dog friendly outside, and that's really cool, even giving the pup next to us a potato to chew on! Summary: they're not reinventing the wheel, but they're nailing the pub thing.
3	I love Irish pubs and feel bad rating Fiddler's Green with four out of six stars... The cod tacos unfortunately did not live up to the expectations set by fellow yelpers. What happens when you soak battered cod in salsa, the batter is getting soggy and is better to be removed. The guacamole was nowhere to be found, at least the french fries were really good. Judging by the cod and fries quality, I would assume fish and chips is the better choice if you need food. The pizza is of decent size and it has bacon! Another misadventure was my choice of cocktail, the Kamikaze was like lemonade, no vodka in it. My mistake, when in Irish pub stick to Irish beer, but on Friday night I was hoping for something strong after a long work week. I wisely finished my night with Kilkenny and this was the right drink. The pub still has this wonderful authentic interior and little relaxed patio. Really nice place to come for a pint or two with friends!
5	Fish and chips are excellent, cod tacos are amazing, beer is cold, what's not to like?
5	Amazing friendly service! Awesome food! The portions are great! It is well worth every penny. We ordered the Mac and cheese, chicken pot pie, and hand cut fries. They were all so delicious.
4	Massive quantities & yummy food, good ambiance BUT terribly slow and somewhat incompetent service.
2	Don't go before a HABS game! We went there before going to the bell centre and when it got busy the staff was beyond overwhelmed. Disaster service. The food was good but our table wasn't served all at once. I think this place is better in the summer with its terrasse. I'll go back but not before a game
4	They switched chefs.I miss my tasty thyme-y chicken wings.Hell, a lot of the food isn't as great as it was, but it's still good enough to give a try.Their onion rings are amazing though & my hubby still loves the cod tacos.
