2	My wife loves this place because the sauce is really good. And I like it because the wings are really the bombBut please, please don't insult me by serving what they call pizza. And it's expensive as hell. I really wasn't going to say anything, but the next night at home I noticed something. I was eating a leftover piece of DeGiornno pizza (frozen pizza). I was amazed how much better this was than the sorry piece of s*it I was charged over $20 for. It honestly looked like a frozen pizza. But not a good frozen pizza, one that looked like it came in a three pack for five dollars. Their price is crazy high for what you get It saddens me because I like this place. But when you ask the girl behind the counter if we got the right pizza, even she agreed their pizza was very weak.Well, in these bad times I think they really need to reexamine their pricing.We might go back, but not as often as we would have.
4	So I'm a frequent Vegas visitor, but more importantly, I'm a fan of eating challenges.  I can't recall how I found out about Graziano's, but all I knew was that they had this 8 lb. pizza challenge, and that I was pretty confident that I could be able to put away 4 lbs, if I had a reliable partner.I took on, and failed to beat the pizza challenge that was on Travel Channel's Man vs. Food just outside of my home in Atlanta, but it gave me a good barometer to know that 4.5 lbs. of pizza was my limit.Unfortunately, when I showed up to Graziano's I found out the hard way that the challenge was no longer 8 lbs, but now a menacing TEN pounds!Regardless, I took it on anyway.  I'd come a long way, and win or lose, it was a challenge.  I plunked down the $47 for the pizza, and a friend of mine and I went to work.The buffet looked really top-notch, but I dared not spoil my appetite.  The pizza arrived, and it looked delicious.  Covered in a variety of meats, as well as olives, onions, pineapple, peppers and garlic, the great news was that it tasted as good as it looked, regardless of the absurd size of it.In the end, I managed to miraculously pack away all five pounds of my half of the pizza, but my friend did not.  So it was still a loss, sadly.  Looking back at the ordeal, the food was delicious, and IMO, better than the pizza challenge in Atlanta.  I couldn't eat for the rest of the day, and instead of getting drunk on comped drinks at the blackjack tables, I was drunk on pizza for fourteen hours.As for other details, Graziano's is located like 6-7 miles west of the northern part of the Strip, and is very easy to get to.  Parking is plentiful, convenient, and the restaurant itself is clean, staff friendly, and I enjoyed the food, regardless of the losing result.
4	Well this place has really good, cheap, and fast food. We ordered delivery for about 6 people and was delivered within 30 min. I got an order of lasagna it came with a ceaser salad and garlic bread but for $10 you excpect a small serving, boy was I wrong. It was enough for two people and it filled me right up. Not yet 5 stars because I have not tried their pizza but I heard it's great. Will let you know as soon as we try it. Overall AWSOME.
4	This was the 1st time I have ordered from Grazi's   I was real pleased and enjoyed the pizza.  I ordered a Grazi specialty and uuummm good.....called back after placing my order and added 4 canoli's too my order and they didn't bat an eye...They made a real canoli not like some fake things you find in our Stores out here in Vegas....all in all I will be coming back to this spot for sure...
5	As many others have mentioned, the best thing about Graziano's is their buffet. Although not very large, the food was damn good, and for only $6.50, its definitely worth going to.  The only downside was that drinks cost extra, aside from water.I got there right at 11 when the buffet began and there was a salad bar with a variety of toppings, macaroni/spaghetti stuff, a couples soups, giant potato wedges,  broasted chicken, garlic knots, calzones, sandwiches and of course pizza.I tried most of the things available and all but the potato wedges tasted good and flavorful, the wedges were fried/broasted, but tasted bland and boring.Later on they brought out dessert pizza (half cherry half peach) and it was DELICIOUS. I've never had dessert pizza and I absolutely loved the peach one. One of the workers also said that if I wanted anything else she could let the cooks know (canoli's would have been nice but I was stuffed). Anyways if you want bang for your buck, come to Graziano's.
4	So today was a different day at work. We have a list of restaurants that we normally choose from but today oh no no no.... Its time for some change so we tried Grazianos pizza. We went with a Large Grazianos special. The pizza was cooked perfect. A little bit of crispness the perfect amount of toppings and it was here rather quickly. I have to be honest I was expecting the same ole feel like crap feeling after eating pizza but it was not overwhelmingly heavy. I would recommend this place for a quick lunch if you are in the area.
2	I think ill stick to eating my two bannanas with an apple for lunch than try something like this again. And ill make this short and to the point. I didnt have that high of expectations coming to this place anyway as a pizza buffet cant really be all that bad or good right? Walked in at 12 noon for the lunch buffet for $7.02 total and got my little plate in hand. The pickings were light and didnt have much to offer in terms of a buffet, a small salad area, couple of breads, 4 kinds of pizza, bland pasta with some chicken, fries and a couple desserts. Everything i ate minus the little cinnimon rolls were bland, flavorless, and well as i put it "Enn". Sure its food but it was not enjoyable food at all, as food that sits out too long especially breads will get hard on you without doubt. I honestly feel a little sick to my stomach and im surely glad that i went alone to this place rather then drag somebody to it with me and force them to eat this stuff. Take your money to a Panera or Atlanta bread for lunch as your stomach and taste buds will thank you.
2	We came here to try the Pizza Buffet for lunch.The price is great, but you get what you pay for.The pizza menu for the buffet is random and you never know what you'll get when you get up there.  At one point in time during my visit there was the following Pizzas:- Pineapple and ham- Cheese- Pepperoni- Chicken (BBQ and Grilled)- Club Sandwhich PizzaSome had the thin crust, some had the thick crust that reminds me of the pizza they used to serve in elementary school.The bright side of the buffet was the tiny cinnamon roles that they had.The place has an arcade area on both sides and was relatively clean.
2	There was a moment when I would visit Graziano's often for their veggie sandwich that my boss got for me, minus the Italian dressing, add oil and vinegar.  There was only one time that the cashier told me he couldn't change out the dressing, but I explained that I order it all the time and he did it for me. :).The interior might be clean, but gives me a dirty, filty vibe...like Chuck E Cheese...I've tried their pizzas individual before, but they're a tad too expensive for the quality.I'm over Graziano's now, haven't been there for a while. But its an okay place if you're looking for something quick, and for somewhere the kids can play arcade games...
3	My wife and I got a 'welcome to the neighborhood' coupon from Graziano's a year ago which was for 2 free medium pizzas and 2 drinks. The pizza was surprisingly decent, and we ate all of it in one sitting. Thin/chewy crust, decent sauce, no canned toppings. I had semi-low expectations when we walked because there were a bunch of 6-year-olds running laps around the place - half of the restaurant is a Chuck-E-Cheese style game room. The restaurant side was peaceful enough to have a conversation. Saw pictures on the wall of the 10-pound, 2-person pizza eating contest contestants and the big pizza itself, and the whole time I was eating our 2 free pizzas I was feeling pretty confident that I would be able polish off half of the contest pizza. A few months ago we were driving back from LA and stopped off of the I-10 to grab a quick dinner and ended up at a pizza place in Beaumont, CA, that was formerly a Graziano's. From the looks, taste and texture of the pizza, it was clear that the new owners kept the old Graziano's recipe. We easily ate an entire large pie. IMHO, the best practice for the pizza-eating challenge may be to actually go to Graziano's and try to eat as much pizza as you can during the $5.99 lunch buffet...Here is a talk thread planning an upcoming Yelp Vs. Graziano's pizza eating contest: http://www.yelp.com/topic/las-vegas-restaurants-with-eating-contests
3	Pretty decent pizza place. It's a good place to hold a kid's party. They've got some arcade games, but not quite as many as a place like Chuck E Cheese. Fortunately, the pizza is much better than Chuck E's. The Graziano Special is full of pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, onions, and bell peppers and the crust is thick and chewy. The Brooklyn style pizza is a thin cheese pizza that's great for toddlers. My two and a half year old loved it. This place may not be the best pizza joint in town, but it's respectable and fairly priced.They've got specials on certain days of the week:- Monday: military, police, and fire department employees get 20% off their buffet- Tuesday: kids get half off the buffet with the purchase of one adult buffet- Wednesday: seniors get half off the buffet with the purchase of another senior's buffet
5	This place has the best garlic twists in the whole world.... plus it is super fun to watch peole do their pizza challenge. disgusting but highly entertaining.   oh and never go to the buffet order fresh!
3	Since our house has been taken over by plumbers and dry wall people, my family has been staying at hotels and eating out. On our way back to the house, we got a call saying that all the workers were there but couldn't do anything until the inspector came and did his thing...well like most city inspectors this guy took forever to even show up at the house. My mom felt bad and we decided to get something to pick up so the workers and my family can eat. She insisted on fried chicken. Well, since I am not a big fried chicken fan...I tried to think of a place that we could go to get out of driving 20 min out just for a bucket of chicken. As i was driving I we came across Graziano's Pizza. I have had their pizza before at work functions but have never ordered from the Restaurant before. I was extremely surprised to find that it is a sit in buffet-restaurant style place. I they even have an arcade area for the kids with a prize table. Kind of like a smaller version of an Adult Chucky Cheese. There is also an area for you to hold birthday parties there, with three different Birthday Packages to choose from. I didn't get a chance to experience the buffet at this place unfortunately, but i saw that there was a salad bar, a couple of pizzas to choose from and whattaya know... Fried Chicken(Go Figure) =D Buffet is like $6.97and they have weekday specials. Wednesdays special is Seniors get 1/2 off. The pizzas are a bit pricey, but well worth it. The crust is good and the toppings are full. They give you your moneys worth of toppings and don't just drizzle it on there. They even have "No Marinara" pizzas. But don't think that they only serve pizza and chicken. They do have desserts and pastas. My favor tie dessert from there is the Cannolis.I will be back to try the buffet here, but A new Pizza Place to add to my Faves List.
3	Jen S. set up a UYE for the pizza eating challenge here this past Sunday night. I came by to show some love to those who dared take on the challenge. I also came for the Chicken Parmesan, which I had 6 years ago when I was in town helping a friend move. I clicked on the restaurant.com link on the yelp grazziano's page and bought a $25 certificate for $10 before I headed to the event. I sat with Anthony M, Jieun L, and Teri C. I forgot which combo they ordered, but it had Broasted Chicken, Potato Wedges, and a Pizza. We also shared a couple half pitchers of Blue Moon.The Chicken Parmesan was not as good as I had remembered. Maybe it was because when I first tasted it 6 years ago, I was moving furniture all day and was super hungry. I had a couple bites of a slice of sausage pizza. I didn't think it was all that. I didn't try anything else.The pizza challenge was redonkulous...2 people per team, 10 lb pizza, 45 minutes to finish everything and it's just under $48 per team. 4 teams attempted and 0 teams were successful.
3	The Skinny:  it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be but that doesn't really say much (3) service - a little sluggish but then again, I came with the Yelp bunch so there was a lot of us. It took a while to get our orders but through the register (3) value - with the internet coupon, we got a soda and a large pizza for $14 between two people - not too bad.We came here with low expectations of the food. Really, the main draw was to support the group of Yelpers in the Graziano's Monster Challenge (10lbs of pizza, 45 minutes). Shout outs to Jen S. who set up the UYE - it was a lot of fun for the supporters... er... maybe not so much fun for the competitive eaters - LOL!Overall, for our food, I split a soda and pizza with my hubby for $14 (the soda was for me). The pizza crust had a nice crispness to the bottom however it was rather doughy for me. Toppings were okay - not great. I would say probably your average store bought pizza - nothing more or less.The most impressive thing was our champion eaters - who would need to eat the equivalent of three large pizzas each to finish the monster challenge. Although ultimately none of the Yelp teams finished their 10 pound monster, it was enough to have tried to complete this difficult task.
4	Ugh, too much pizza! My wife and I were eating leftover pizza for two days after we decided to try the Beast pizza challenge here during the UYE. As you may have gathered from other reviews, we were among 4 yelp teams who made the attempt that evening. All of which were doomed to complete and utter failure. That being said, we had fun and enjoyed the pizza immensely, so it was most certainly not a waste. Now, about the pizza itself...  10lbs total weight currently (I say currently because it USED to be 8 lbs) with 2.4 lbs of dough, 1.5 lbs of sauce, and 2 lbs of cheese, meat, and vegetable toppings respectably. We got just the regular pizza with everything on it, though substitutions are allowed! I wish I had known this from the get-go as I would have gotten rid of the olives in exchange for more pineapple! Blech.. olives... lol. Despite the olives the pizza was VERY tasty, the dough was thick and a good texture, the sauce was yummy, and the toppings were just delicious. One of the better pizzas we have had in awhile I would say. It is by no means a gourmet pizza though, you should expect a huge mess when trying to eat this pizza! For one thing, all the toppings are just piled onto it so that when you take a bite you will likely lose a few if you aren't careful (not to mention you need to watch that sauce! Don't come wearing clothes you'd feel bad about staining ^_-).  Also, the pizza is cut into squares, so the slices in the middle will NOT have a crust edge to grip... extra mess right there! The pieces were so thick that the plastic pizza serving utensils they gave us were bending under the weight! My wife and I just barely managed to eat through half the pizza and we were full for the rest of the evening. I heard similar stories from the other yelpers doing the challenge.This challenge just isn't realistic for your everyday eater. 10 lbs is just too BIG! And they expect you to finish within 45 minutes!! The challenge prior to this was 8 lbs, but you also had a full hour to complete it as well. At least then you had a fighting chance. To date they have only had one duo actually finish this challenge which honestly should have been a warning sign for the rest of us. Still, would I do this again? Maybe, but next time, no olives...
3	My first visit to Grazzianos was a bust do to some poor planning on my part and confusion on the part of the restaurant. Needless to say I was convinced to give it another try and I'm glad I did. I did the Monster Pizza Challenge (which I proudly failed) and the rest of my party had purchased the buffet. The Monster Pizza challenge was fun and the pizza itself was really good. This thing is an enormous pizza. like table covering big. The crust is pretty think but the cheese and all the toppings (especially the bacon) all come together to make it a good salty cheesy fun experience. The buffet had a bunch of different pizzas like bbq chicken and pepperoni, plus they had salad and mac and cheese. The apple pie pizza was pretty interesting and they also had fresh brownies. very nice value. There is a play area for kids to earn tickets for prizes but its off to the side and not annoying like a chuck e cheese. Plus they serve beer by the pitcher for the grown ups. Dave and Roberto were very attentive and friendly and the service was they provided was great. My only gripe is that they air fake oops i mean fox news on their TVs. Minor complaint but c'mon guys us bleeding heart liberals like pizza too:) I would recommend CNN for a neutral news vibe or maybe just ditch the news all together and put food network on or just make all the TVs ESPN 1 and 2. Anyway good pizza, fun place.
4	Pizza was pretty good, calzone was pretty good.  Crust was nice - nothing special, just a good basic crust.The big salad - I would skip ordering that. It was a bowl of lettuce and not much else. A slice or two of tomato.  I am used to salads with carrots, croutons, maybe an olive or two, a pepperocini.  Nada.  Thank goodness we paid extra to order the cheese.
5	I love this place. I think I could come back everyday and not be disappointed or get bored of the place. Yes, they have carry out pizzas and what not, but really what you want is the lunch buffet! It's only $6.50 for most days of the week, and it is well worth the price. Oh, but if you want a drink, it's extra $$$. They do give water cups though.The buffet includes some type of salad bar with plenty of choices for toppings, soups, different types of breadsticks, broasted chicken (which I don't like), these (disgusting) overly large sized potato wedges, pizza, dessert pizza, and other desserts like brownies (gross) and cinammon rolls (delicious). There are a bunch of specialty pizzas included in the buffet as well including some deep dish options. The specialty pizzas that I tried included the buffalo chicken and the barbecue chicken pizza. Those are my two favorites along with just plain cheese deep dish pizza, which, in reality, it anything but plain. Their garlic knots are great. They are very salty and have lots of garlic flavor in them. I think I could have eaten a dozen of those if I had a stomach of steel. Overall, I couldn't ask for anything more in a pizza place. They're perfect. If you want something that isn't out in the buffet, you can just tell one of the cooks and they will make it for you. Great service and great food!
4	Took the family for an inexpensive lunch. We were happy. A buy-one-get-one coupn helps a lot here. Good buffet, for a budget place. Great for kids and parents.
4	You might think that I have lots to say in regards to their pizza, but the reason for this review was the CHICKEN!  It was finger lickin' delicious!  Moist and juicy on the inside, perfectly seasoned and CRISPY on the outside!  Ah, goodness!=)On to the pizza.......typical, nothing too special, but definitely good!  Right amount of sauce, toppings well proportioned, and a decent crust.  It's not NYC pizza, but really, what is?!?!?Will I be back.......for the chicken, HECK YES!
4	Went here 2 weeks ago with a bunch of my hubby's coworkers to celebrate a birthday. It was our first time here let a lone never heard of the place so we both did not know what to expect. The hostess ordered for us so all we got try was their pizza, fried chicken & salad. I must say their chicken was so good it reminded me of Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles back in the LBC, lol. That's why I'm giving them 4 stars. Other wise I'd be giving them 3 stars for the service.You get your own plates & utensils which is cool, but there were no busser's to clear out our tables let a lone the other tables around. This place is just like Chucky Cheese without Chucky so you can imagine how busy it can get in here so they should have had more busser's clearing out the tables more often.Overall, the hubby & I had a great experience. We would have not come here on our own and I'm happy to have had the opportunity to try out someplace new. We'll defiantly come back again (with friends) and take on the 10 lbs monster pizza challenge.
1	It was very disappointing, I was told how great the pizza was and I was severely let down. I actually got up and left after I had my first bite. If you are a Vegas local and want a good pizza I would highly suggest you forgo this place and instead try Pizza My Dear or Grimaldi's
4	Solid place to take the family for some Pizza, grub, and fun.  When I lived around the corner from this place we would come here at least once every two months or so.  Since we moved a little further away, we don't frequent this place too often.  However, we were here recently when my Son and his friend wanted to grab some Pizza.We ordered an Extra Large Pepperoni ($18.90).  The kids played in the games area while we waited for the Pizza.  After a short wait, the Pizza was ready.  It was as good as I remembered...yum!  Between the appetites of two 15 yr old boys and this Pizza Lover, we devoured that Pizza Pie in no time.Overall, it was a good time by all.Return Factor - 92%
2	We here for their lunch buffet, very disappointing. It got a scummy dirty feeling and the service sucked. I was hoping that the food would be its saving grace but no. Dry, to greasy, and just horrible. Too many better choices to ever go here.
2	In the area this afternoon on biz.  Surprisingly, I've never been to this place.Hit the buffet - with soda it cost $8.50 give or take a few dimes.It reminded me a little bit like Shakey's bunch 'o lunch but not quite to their  " high" standards.  Also reminded me a little of the old chuck e cheese days with my daughter but this place is a cut above chucky's salad bar - basic stuff - liked a few slices of peperoni on my salad !pasta - spaghetti and elbow macaroni with two sauce options - can you say....ragu  ( actually a smidge better ) chicken and potato wedges - both coated the same ...hmmmm...tasted the same, too.pizza - well....first round, THERE WAS NO PIZZA 2nd round - pizza - had a slice of sausage and pepperoni - nothing special here - my guess is the pre-cooked, SYSCO sausage; the pepperoni had no flavor but alot of grease ! If i had a few young kids, i can see coming back for post-sporting events, otherwise, sorry, no return planned.
5	I recently planned my birthday party here complete with trying the "MONSTER PIZZA CHALLENGE" I have to say from the time I called to ask about having my party there to the time we left that night the staff there was awesome! It's so rare to find genuinely friendly staff in Las Vegas. They had our reservation perfect and gave my party it's own side of the restaurant. There was games for the kids. The pizza was very good. Roberto is a great manager (owner?) and he accommodated us with every need we had, which included staying open a little late. Do yourself a favor and go and support a Las Vegas business that deserves your money, time and appetite. ps - all you other Las Vegas business owners, Go to Graziano's Pizza and take note of how to treat customers right.
4	I ate here  (my first time) on a Tuesday at 12:30 am.  The place although it had seating for about 250 people, had only a little more than a  dozen people in it.  A few local pre-teens, some moms with teenagers, and about 8 seniors.  This is an excellent place to eat.  Very Very Clean.  The inside was well lit and Cool.  I had the Buffet for $7.40 which included, a great little salad bar with ham, peperoni, mushrooms, lettuce, tomatoes, and much more and people were building huge salads.  Continuing on, there were sandwiches, sliced like a Peta which looked good, two soups, then fried chicken (legs, thighs, breast, wings) which was good and crunchy.  Next was spaghetti with 2 sauces, and elbow maccaroni with a marinaro sauce.  The spaghetti was actually good (I had the meat sauce) Continuning on, there was deserts,  cinnamon rolls, and possibly fudge. Next the pizza.  I ask the person behind the counter if they had any anchovy pizza and he said we take special orders and I'll have some put out in ten minutes.  He came over to the table about 8 minutes later and said, "The pizza you wanted will be out in 2 minutes".  I requested, Anchovy, sausage, peperoni, and cheese.  The pizza was out, right from the oven, hot, tasty, and the crust was just enough crispy without being overcooked.  This was good pizza.  They gave you a cup for the  serve yourself drink fountain and everytime I went for a re-fill, the old plates were removed from my table, without my knowledge.  As I ate I watched the staff and they were constantly cleaning the food line and surrounding area.  Not just wiping it down but taking a paint brush and lifting and moving things and cleaning under them.  I also watched as they put out new Pizza for the line, they did not put the older pizza back on the trays but threw it away so the pizza was always fresh.  I was really impressed.  There were also video games in an area where the kids were playing and not near the eating area.  If you like Good Pizza (request what you want and they will put it out), a clean cool place to eat, a good variety, give this place a try.  I hope they are successful as they had everythiing right when I was there and I can't wait to go back.  This place is in the south-east cornor of the Vons shopping center kinda hidden, but the "All you eat Pizza" sign can be seen from Desert Inn.  I didn't give the place 5 stars even though I didn't find anything wrong, and will upgrade it to 5 if my next experience is as good as my first.  By the way...they give you a card and punch it and every 7th visit is free for one person.
5	i really like to order the Graziano Special Pizza...hmm hmmm  good.  I also like to order the cinnimon twists for dessert.  I also tried the chicken sandwich which was ok.  overall i like this place and it's great for familes.  There is a game place where the kids can play around.
3	After reading the reviews on Yelp, we decided to try their luncheon buffet.  For two adults and two kids, plus 4 sodas, our bill was close to $30.  Guess when I read the review for the buffet pricing, it seemed to be cheaper.The food was pretty good and the selection was ok,  They seemed to be cooking 1/2 pizzas to keep the selections fresh and hot.  The fried chicken was really good, and I could've just eaten that and the pizza sandwich they offered, but did not refill since we came in during the last 1/2 hour of the buffet.Overall, would go again if in the area, but not drive specifically for the buffet.
4	I was having a hard time finding somewhere to eat dinner.  I originally wanted Baja Fresh since it's quick and easy to take home.  After driving up and down West Flamingo and not finding an establishment that looked decent, I remembered a friend's suggestion from a long time ago and drove to Graziano's.  I've never had their food but was told their pasta was good.  I didn't want to spend too much money so I ordered their Spaghetti with meatballs and meat sauce.  This only cost about $5 and garlic knots.  Here's how the pasta tasted:  noodles were cooked just right - not aldente but not soggy.  It was just perfect.  The meatballs had great seasoning to it and was impressed at how good it tasted.  Now, as for the sauce it's still swimming in my mind how awesome the sauce was.  I think I've found the place for spaghetti with meatballs.  Let's see, as for the garlic knots.  I loved how it was fresh from the oven, not oily and had a lot of flavor to it.  If I wasn't so full from the pasta, I would've been able to eat it all.I got there past 9pm and figured they would've turned me away since it was near closing time.  But, they didn't and took my order.  The person who took my order was very hospitable and easy to talk to.  He was also very personable.  Could he have been the owner?  Anyway, combined with the food and service, I would definitely pay another visit and this time try their famous pizzas.
4	If You are a big eater this is your place.  I went with #foodcrew to Graziano's to take part in the monster pizza challenge and YESSS that thing is a monster!!  There were around 30 of us at the restaurant 8 competed while the others ordered from the normal menu. The food was delicious and everyone's order was out fast even tho they had to make 4 of those huge pizzas.Short list of delicious:1. Garlic knot (so tasty)2. deli calzone (yesssss!!)3. Broasted chicken (delectable) 4. BBQ Pizza (flavor)5. Graziano special pizza (flava flav)I definitely recommend that you make a stop at Graziano's
4	Prior to making my first visit here, all I knew of this place was that they had this monster pizza eating challenge. My boyfriend and I are always compelled by these food challenges, we figured we'd scope out the place and see what they had to offer. Upon walking in, we were surprised at how large the place was and the fact that they were kid-friendly. One side of the restaurant is set up with a decent amount of children's games that can be exchanged for prizes at a prize counter. The other side is set up for mainly dining, with television screens placed along each wall and corner for those who may be there to catch a game or two.So back to my first visit. We walked into the door and were kind of getting the feel of the place as to not appear as though we were in foreign territory (which we obviously appeared to be), because as we were casually browsing the menu we were asked by a man behind the counter if it was our first time there. The man, whose name was Roberto had such a kind demeanor about him. Being that it was our first time there, he gave us a run down of the food on the menu as well as informing us of the lunch buffet that was still going on. He encouraged us to walk over to the lunch buffet to see their selections (salad, broasted chicken, potato wedges, a variety of pizza, desserts, etc) as it was a very good deal. We were surprised at first because he saved us a good amount of money considering we were ready to pay for a whole pizza, chicken wings, and drinks when we ended up paying 6.49 each! The best part about doing it this way was that if there was a pizza that was not out on the buffet, they were kind enough to make it for us. Being that one of the few pizza buffets to compare it to in town is CiCi's, Graziano's is definitely a lot better quality, and one of the few true family-friendly places to go in town.
4	Pizza buffet!!Since Pizza Hut buffet closed Ive been in search of a pizza buffet. This is a hidden gem by madhouse coffee. Its pretty large and has a great selection of food. My son and I opted for the lunch buffet its 6.49$ for adults and 2.49$ for children. If you want to add a soda its .99cents for kids and 1.89$ for adults unless you go during their "happy hour" which i already forgot what time it was haha. The place itself is pretty large, the tvs there are super old and placed in weird positions. Like next to the ceiling lol. Anywho on to the food.The pizza here is meh, nothing spectacular. I liked the chicken they had, it was a nice change to just pizza and salad. They also have calzones, sandwiches, 2 different types of breads, soups, and an AMAZING selection of items on the salad bar. My def fave was the garlic knots and the salad bar. Ahhhh the knots were soooo sinful! I kept wanting more, but it all goes to my belly so I had to restrain myself. The salad bar is also delish, I love the romaine salad they offer, and I like that they allow you to put your own dressing and items on. Cicis better recogniiiiize! Haha. The sandwich was ok, dry so you need to put mayo or whatever on it. They also have desserts that werent too bad. I like how they have hot sauce for the chicken, a def plus!!Grazianos also offers an arcade area for the kids, its pretty rad! They have a ton of games that all take tokens and once youre done you can cash in your tickets for prizes. The guy working there is seriously THE BEST CASHIER EVAR! Hes a sweet dude who actually converses with you. Another plus is that they always have a check in special on the Yelp app!!We will def continue coming here for our pizza and my garlic knot addictions!
4	First off let me say this place serves BROASTED CHICKEN.  If you have ever tried it you know what I'm talking about.  It's a healthier version of fried chicken.  The meatballs were also very tasty.  Self serve drinks bonus!!  Haha.My Nephew loves it here because of all the games they have for him.  I have to say I enjoy them too.Where they lose a star is the pizza although tasty is still, to me, ordinary.  But I guess you can't really mess pizza up too bad.
5	We've loved Grazi's for seven years. Classic pizza with a great family atmosphere. We don't eat pizza anywhere else.  Built like a Shakey's, kids can play arcade games on one side of the building while adults can eat pizza, drink beer and watch sports on the other.
5	Love this place! We ate here awhile back and food was good... and later thought.. hey this would be a great place for a party. My son turned 4 this past weekend and we took a small army of family and friends there. It turned out prefect. The manager Ricardo is simply awesome, on the ball and handing this crazy busy place with a smile and precise efficiency. We were thinking of going to that dread place, Chucky Cheese, but after comparing the two we made the right choice at Grazianos. We ended up doing buffet for the whole gang and it worked out beautifully. Kids loved the games and the adults loved the food. And parent we all know how crazy these parties can be so why not at least go somewhere we can enjoy too (theres beer on tap). They have games, great food, great service, extremely reasonable prices and lets not forget its family owned so you aren't getting your party handled by some angry teenager who hates life. Support a family business and try this place out. Highly recommend for kids parties!!!
4	Try the lunch buffet from between 2-3pm and get your free drink on with your grub.Pizza is pretty good,specials made upon request.Chicken is very good and fresh, reminds me of Shakeys.Potato wedges are very tasty.Video games for the kids/adults a plus.
5	This place was recommended to us by my boyfriend's coworker. I was hesitant to try it at first because the same person recommended an Asian restaurant that was, at the least, disappointing. When we first tried it, I thought the pasta with the cheesy sauce was amazing, and the BROASTED chicken was the bomb. I was way too full for a cheap price of 6.49 per adult buffet.They have a lot of pizza choices, and special requests can be made. Quoting the manager, "Just like CiCi's" but way way way better!They also have fresh salad, with a lot of toppings and salad dressing choices!I love the garlic knots too, one of the best garlic breads I've ever had!The place is comfortable, with seating choices ranging from booths to long tables for big groups. Though not an ample amount of sunlight comes in, lighting is good.. not too dark nor too bright. They have arcade too.. good for adults, kids, and kids-at-heart.. like my boyfriend!Last, they have the best customer service. I will choose their staff over any other resto in a heartbeat. Everyone is friendly and helpful.. they always try to build relationships with their customers. I can say this without second thoughts.. i am a real satisfied customer. For someone like me who manages a food service joint, i might exchange my employees to theirs if given the chance! That's how great their customer service is.
3	Came here for a lunch buffet with the fam.I absolutely loved the margherita pizza. Clam chowder not bad, awesome garlic knots. Can't beat the price, I think it was $6.99? they have a happy hour too where the serve beer/ wine! WIll def be back.
4	This review is for 4.5 stars. Entertainment Book Coupon participant (bogo).Part One: We had the lunch buffet with some friends @ $6.49 some weeks ago, but I heard about this place from an old co-worker at another office, some years ago. So, I was familiar; knew that this co-worker's son liked having his birthday parties here, since there were games to play and coupons to redeem (kinda like Chuck E Chees, but on a smaller scale). Lots of selections, but appears small when compared to a casino buffet. But, this is when Quality over Quantity wins. And c'mon, it's not like all the Vegas buffets in town are good; most are mediocre, let's be real here (mystery foods, not enough flavor, overdone meat, poor quality dishes). There were: two salads, a host of dressings, five or six kinds of pizza- cheese, supreme, meats, hawaiian, pepperoni, bbq chicken, pasta & sauce, macaroni & cheese, garlic knots, cheese calzones, sandwich round (cut pie-style), soups, cinnamon buns, brownies, and fruit pizza. Fountain drinks station= free refills. It was very good. I sampled many items, but was trying to be careful, given my restricted diet. I want to go back again! After having this buffet, the one at CiCi's isn't so great, now.       Part Two: Catering- 6 foot sandwich order $54.00 (including tax). This was disappointing. There was a lot of bread (very thick, especially the top piece), and not enough filling- two slices of cheese and one thin slice of roast beef, one thin slice of turkey, one thin slice of ham. Also, lots of the sandwiches were cut in quarter size pieces. Sides/condiments was shredded lettuce, very few slices of tomatoes (for a 6 ft. sandwich), mustard, and mayo. Getting Capriotti's three or four large specialty subs would have been better (cut up into small sandwiches). We thought it would be good, since we had eaten there. But no, it was not worth it. Another better option for us, we could've made our own sandwiches using Boar's Head meats and cheeses and french bread loaves. (It was a good thing we had pizzas from Domino's too, besides all the side dishes). So, basically the high starred review is for the restaurant side of the operation. The menu is pretty extensive; lots of other possible yummy options like Broasted Chicken. Also, there is a monster pizza challenge- posters are posted inside.Overall, it is a clean restaurant, looks like there are lots of teams that patronize this place (as evidenced by the softball team sign-up events). It wasn't crowded for lunch, though there was an event being held there. The food in the buffet area was well-filled. The price is reasonable. Good family restaurant.
1	FOOD POISONING !  I had to write a review of this place because I am still thinking of my experience there, aling with past visits. In July I ordered a pizza for delivery Monster Pizza - I had two slices.  I had nothing else to eat all day long except two bottles of water.  3-4 hours later - FOOD POISONING !  All the symptons of food poisoning as I had it many years ago.  I called he restaurant to let them know that I had food poisoning  to ask if anyone else had compplained that evening ( liek he would actually tell me ) and wanted them to know the situation in case I had to be taken to a hospital.  The surpervisor I spoke with was apolgetic and sauid the manager would call  me tomorrow to follow up.  no call.  no refund... nothing but me sick all night and sore the the next day and half.  I should have known better as I was there at the restaurant a couple of years before and there were ants crawling all over the table and ants in my soft drink.    That was my last visit to Graziano's Pizza.  Too risky !  Thank for the great ( not) customer service.
4	Great place for a lunch buffet..
1	My son played at least 3 redemption games, and got 1 ticket.  Another arcade took his money and we waited 20 mins after I asked for help twice, and on top of this there is trash all over the floor. The food is alright.  Maybe it's just me but I would expect better customer service and presentation from a pizza place that hosts a lot of sport meets.  I will not come here on my own account, but only to pick up my children's sport trophies. Very disappointed.
2	Like Chuck E Cheese, only without the fun....kidding actually.Honestly I was expecting something different before walking in. Something more upscale (nice looking building) something more, um, grown up. What I got was kids running around like mad, birthday parties, team trophy parties (Desert Breeze is right across the street) and mayhem of the kid-like order. But that's cool... Read on.So this review is NOT about the atmosphere or the establishment (probably a great place to take the kids) but the food...it really isn't that good. We did the lunch buffet (maybe that was my mistake) salad bar with scant ingredients, 3 kinds of pizza to choose from...guess? You got it: Cheese, pepperoni and veggie...wow! Greasy 'broasted' chicken, and potato wedges, big fat wedges, like the potato was cut into thirds.Eating here makes me miss Shakey's Pizza all that much more.
3	Great place to take the kids. All-you-can-eat buffet plus video games for the little ones. Keeps parents sane.
1	I normally won't review a restaurant until I've been there several times.  In this case I'm making an exception. First the positive: the pizza and drinks were fine for a pizza buffet restaurant--average and just fine.  The restaurant was spacious and clean.  Now the negative:  Our youth soccer league partnered with Graziano's to host our end-of-year parties for the kids. Our team reserved tables for a particular evening almost two weeks prior to our party.  The evening we arrived, almost all the tables were reserved, but no tables were held for our kids or parents. When staff and management was asked about it, they immediately took an attitude that somehow this was our fault.  It took almost 20 minutes to resolve and the service that followed reflected their earlier attitude, leaving us feeling as if we had forced them to accommodate us.  There was at least one other team there at the same time, with the same problem.  It's bad business that Graziano's clearly overbooked for the evening.   It's very poor that they take it out on their guests.  The restaurant has potential but I won't go back and definitely can't recommend Graziano's for a kids' group activity.
2	I may have stopped by on an off day, but over the weekend, we stopped by to try out their pizza buffet (since CiCis closed down the street). The price was $6.49 per person, so I wasn't expecting a whole lot. On this particular day, the pizza felt like it was under the heat lamp for way too long and there was nothing really fresh. The fried chicken was dry and soggy. I can honestly say, the only thing that was decent was the pepperoni pizza, as that was edible. Everything else, meh..
4	the chicken is great the pizza is good and the beer is cold
2	We came here for my son's soccer party. The pizza tasted like cardboard and a lot of the games either ate tokens or didn't give tickets when they should have. The pizza was seriously thin cardboard pizza and the employees are all teenagers that don't know what to do. One of them didn't fully understand how to give my son the junkiest of dollar store multi-pack toys in exchange for 25 tickets. It's not that difficult. I would never come here on our own accord, but I'll likely be back after next soccer season. Hopefully the pizza is less cardboard like. BTW: I complained about the machine eating my tokens and not giving tickets. They said they'd check it out, and then didn't. I stood at the counter talking to the coach for 10 minutes, waiting for them to give me back my eaten up tokens, and no one cared!
3	Graziano's does well as a casual, family-friendly restaurant. The food is very typical American-Italian fare, nothing surprising or particularly impressive, but the generous portions, smart pricing, and large menu are bound to satisfy everyone in your group. They offer great specials, and you can take advantage of many of their coupons/offers. With our Entertainment Book coupon, we ended up under $13 for dinner to-go for 4. Warm, good, predictable food. Also, it's a plus to have the comfortable, cozy seating and fun little gaming area while waiting for the orders to come out.The staff is attentive and efficient considering the scale of the establishment, from the dine-in area to the take-out counter and the gaming area. We had issues in the gaming area, but at least they were very prompt in correcting the problems, and they were very sweet and patient with the kids in our party. Settling on 3, since I won't be coming back for the food myself, and will only be back if I'm with the niece and nephew on a quick family take-out run.
4	#300 I win haha. Technically I have more than 300 its those filtered reviews that's killing me. All good.Graziano's is right across Desert Breeze Park. If your tired of running around and need to refuel.  Right here.There's only 2 reason you stepped into the door. #1 to attempt the monster pizza challenge or #2 to watch someone attempt the monster pizza challenge.  The challenge is pretty simple you and friend has 45 mins to eat a 10 lbs pizza, thats it.  That's a lot of pizza I need someone to team up on this. I guess I lied there's more than 2 reasons to step into the door.  Their lunch buffets 11 am - 3 pm are only $6.49 it includes pizza, pasta, salad, dessert, and more. Pizzas were hot, not cold or left out too long.  They have a good selection of arcade video games and they host parties.  Expect little kids running around screaming.  And for the adults they serve alcohol.Their pizzas are good. Their prices are reasonable. The atmosphere is kids and family friendly. The service was good. Decor is old, only knock I'll give them.
4	Before writing this, I need to warn you I am normally not a fan of local pizza. Honestly, I rarely see a value in it. But, after two-times dining I have decided I am a fan of The Original Graziano's Pizza. What makes them better? I like the lunch pizza buffet and their variety. I am on a low-calorie diet and I like that I can eat salad and soup while my boyfriend can feast on as much pizza as he wants. I tried the Pineapple pizza on the buffet, AWESOME. I subtracted one star... Why? You have to self-serve your own drinks and I am not a fan of having to grab my own silverware. It would be nice if they at least added napkins to all their tables. Before you leave, check out the wall-of-fame wall of the people who challenged the HUGE pizza.
4	Decent food, non-existent service, they have a daily buffet including pizza, pasta, broasted chicken and salad bar for $6.49. I pretty much come here for their broasted chicken which is very juicy and delicious. Pizza and buffet are decent, but if you order off the menu the food is a lot fresher
4	It's like a chuck-e-cheese for adults ..... good food, fun for big parties
4	The buffet here is pretty good! The fried chicken is the best! Garlic knots, GOOD! They have a stuffed cheese pizza thing that is yummy too! The pizza is just ok, I would rate that with Cici's. What makes this place great is the manager. He is always so nice and accommodating.  My kids love the little arcade
5	Permanently closed. I went on August and they had a sign. Only location open is in California
4	It's closed down! This is such a great family place. We loved bringing our daughter there but there was a note that they are leaving Las Vegas. So sad!
4	I am sad to see that they are closed. Have eaten the buffet there many times. Always a good experience. The broasted chicken was great, I have always liked broasted chicken, even bought a pressure fryer so I could make it.The pizza was good, there was so much to choose from on the buffet, sandwich, pasta, salad, broccoli cheese soup (excellent) and of course the chicken.Again, sad to see they closed, with no forwarding address (they aren't just relocating)
1	I came here on 12/13/10 for dinner. The guy working the register taking orders were completely rude! He messed up on our order and gave so much attitude sayin "i couldve sworn you ordered this"! I mean he was just rude with attitude to his expressions. Then when we got our food we ordered meat sauce with the spaghetti, it tasted like a can of tomato sauce just got dumped on a plate of pasta with no meat! The food is pricey for the way they treat u and the quality of yhe food! Ask for any specials because they dont announce it!
