5	I stopped into Discount Tire Center on 65 in Bellevue because one of my tires was slowly dying.  I had planned to get two new tires.  Admittedly, this place looks a little scary...to me anyhow, but as a girl by herself all garages are pretty intimidating.  I didn't know how these things worked...did I need to call ahead for an appt?  I needed new tires ASAP, so an appt wasn't an option.  Luckily, the guys at Discount Tire Center took great care of me.  I pulled in, hesitantly got out of my car and wandered into the garage.  A man promptly greeted me and asked me what he could do.  I asked for two new tires, he took a quick look at my car and told me, "No problem, pull it in".  He discussed the options of tires in a way I could understand, giving his suggestions but ultimately leaving the decision up to me.  He also let me know about a rebate on 4 tires, which I ended up getting (after a frantic call to my husband asking if I was stupid for being upsold).  It ended up being a great deal and I never felt pressured to buy more.I sat in the waiting area (which could use a woman's touch to be sure) for about 10 minutes and they were done.  SO FAST!  The man explained everything with the rebate and I left a happy camper.  I will absolutely be back to Discount Tire Center in the future.
5	these guys are awesome. in and out in no time, no appointment, no big price. great.
5	I never would have put off getting my tires replaced if I knew it could be this easy!  We showed up without an appointment and it took under 10 minutes for them to change two of my tires.  It was like having a pit crew working on my car, it was so fast!  Only 200 bucks total and I got 2 high mileage tires (75,000).  They also rotated them for me.  I will be using this place for all of my tire needs from now on.
5	This tire center is amazing. Great job replacing my BMW run flats for cheaper than any other place. They have fresh coffee while you wait. I  am impressed with how quick they are.
5	Need tires? Look no further!My wife badly needed new tires so we went to all the local spots to compare prices, Mr Tire, Pep Boys, Sam's Club, Flynn's etc. While leaving Flynn's a woman flagged us down and asked if we needed tires and told us about Discount Tire.A few days later we decided to give them a try. We went with a new Continental Tire that had just hit the market that came highly recommended by the service guy. What's really cool is that they are like a Nascar Pit Crew. There are actually four guys working on your vehicle at the same time taking the old tires off and mounting, balancing and putting the new ones on.Less than fifteen minutes later they were done and our car was better than new! The car rides so much better and going over bumps and pot holes is so much more comfortable. Don't put off get new tires and give this place a shot!
5	I don't know why I put off tires for so long when I live so close to this place! I went on a Thursday morning. Dropped off the car and walked across the street to get coffee. As soon as I came back they were done! Not even 10 mins. These guys are the best! Not too expensive either because they don't try to sell you all the "bells and whistles" that other tire places try to sell you (ehem mr. Tire). I had been quoted a price of around $700 for tires from other places but discount tire got them on for only $360. From now on, I won't be going anywhere else for tires!
5	All these positive reviews don't lie. Great place for tires! No appointment needed and I got the sense that this is the type of place that would prefer if you just showed up. Painted on the garage is a "honk horn for service" note.Garage can work on 4 cars at a time so you're in and out quickly.Enter from the first enterance, closest to the city, or you'll have to back up and loop around the block like I did.Fast, friendly and efficient service. Didn't try to up sell me but gave me exactly what I needed. Will definitely be back! Thanks for such a great tire-getting experience.
