5	Hello, We had just visited old town $$$$cottsdale, AZ for souvenirs. It was 97 degrees F. We were craving good inexpensive take out. My Garmin pointed out Rice Garden 8035 East Indian School Road Scottsdale, AZ 85251-2617 (480) 990-8801. I called and they gave me a list of entrees. I then inquired about price. They serve food with single, 2 and 3 combos. The 3 combos for less than $8.00. We drove to the address and found Basha's supermarket. I called and they stated that they were inside the supermarket. We entered the left entrance and turned right. They had the usual faire of Kungpow chicken, beef and brochili, fried rice, egg rolls, hot and sour soup, egg drop soup and chow mein noodles. We had the 3 combo with half/half rice and noodles, Kungpow chicken, Teriyaki chicken and BBQ pork and the 2 combo with fried rice, vegetable mix and spicy chicken mix with one large drink for less than $20.00. We drove back to our hotel and ate. The food was delicious. I will definitely return. Note: the prices are very,  very low. Quality is excellent. Cheap is a poor description.Thank you for your time.
4	When I am in the mood for Chinese takeout and pressed for time (a case of food poisoning which sent me to the hospital keeps me from stepping foot inside a Panda), I head to Rice Garden inside Bashes. Open at 11am, I know I can quickly head over, grab lunch, and get back to work within 15 minutes. My order is usually the same every time - Rice Noodles, Lemon Chicken, and BBQ Pork! They have a free combo punch card, buy 9 combos and get a Free 2 item combo on your next visit. 2 more punches and HELLO free Lemon Chicken and BBQ Pork!!! Now, back to work and my lunch from Rice Garden!! YUM!
5	HELLO GROCERY STORE CHINESE PLACE!!  OK, so this sounds weird, right?  I thought it was strange when I saw the mini-restaurant inside Basha's.  Normally you see an overused Subway or McDonalds, or at least back in North Carolina that is completely expected.  A Chinese place would be next door in the shopping mall, but not in the grocery store.  WASSSSUP BASHA'S!!  You have created a masterpiece.  Fresh Chinese with Chinese workers, yea, I'd say it's fabulous.  I could have eaten an entire plate of rice alone.  It was that good.  I also ordered the orange chicken and the spicy chicken (general tsao's), which were exceptionally good too.   If you like Chinese food and if you enjoy saving money, I highly suggest Rice Garden.  Your taste buds will thank you later.
3	It's ghetto. Not fabulous. Certainly not ghetto fabulous. I've been here a couple times, but a heads up...it is the Chinese joint inside Basha's. Think of this as a Panda Express type establishment. Same concept. Start with either rice or noodles, and get a couple heaping scoops of some sort of chicken, beef or shrimp dish. It's not the worst place in the world, but certainly not the best. I find the food to be less greasy than a Panda. Thank God. Also, they tend to bring in a couple of random dishes from time to time. I once had the glass noodles, it was quite good.Again, this isn't the best or worst place in the world. If you happen to be in the area and feel Asian for some reason, this is an ok choice.
4	It's convenient to grab something quick for dinner on your way out of Bashas. It's really a great value for your money too. I like just about everything here but especially the egg drop soup and the fried rice.
4	It's kind of odd that a Chinese place in Bashas is worth writing a review about...but I have to say, it is delicious. I haven't had any Chinese food around here that I've really loved but one day I had a coupon for this place and decided to check it out. It's dirt cheap- with or without a coupon, and you get a TON of food. I think it's something like 6 bucks for 2 entrees and fried rice. Also, you will be in and out of Bashas in under 5 minutes. Seriously, they are really fast. Orange chicken is the bomb. Be prepared for leftovers or plan on getting this when you really wanna pig out.
2	I don't know what happened to this place, but it has taken a nose dive in quality in last few years.
4	If you're looking for awesome atmosphere, heathy food & great service come here! Ideal for lunch or dinner. My wife on a recent trip to Scottsdale went 3 times in 4 days! Loved the fresh Salad & all the different subs. Awesome outdoor patio too
2	Not bad for something quick and convenient as you're leaving Basha's, but this place is far from tasty or delicious.  Food tends to sit for too long leaving dishes both luke warm and soggy.  Soup is watery and egg rolls are tasteless.  Panda express is far from fine dining and this place is several steps below that chain.
