4	Either I'm growing up or the games aren't what they use to be.  I believe the latter as I really haven't grown up that much.  For one, most of the video games have been replaced by small mechanical rides.  The rides seem really lame, but my daughter has a compulsive need to try each one.  Most of the non-ride token consuming devices spit out limited amounts of tickets unless faced with an extreme display of skill or the slightest bit of luck.  Many of the ticket games are kiss your token good-bye in two seconds or less and see what happens.  Otherwise, there were some mediocre racing games.  I conducted a thorough search of the premises.  The ball pit has shrunk, but with an increase in the second floor tunnel system.  The decor now includes Chuck E Cheese parities of TV shows and movies like The C Files, Chuckfeld, and Chuck Trek that are amusing.  My daughter loves the blue screen where her image appears on some screens in the dining area in front of whatever is playing.  As with most times we come, we came for a birthday.  The Chuck E Cheese balloon that greets you at the table is really cool.  It's fun to watch the little ones try and grasp tickets in the wind tube, a must see.  And the pizza is pizza.  The caffeinated apple soda was interesting.  After realizing there was no coke, I had root beer.  All in all, the location is small and needs better video games, but is fun for the kids.  Too bad they don't Yelp.
4	i had not been inside a Chuck E Cheese for evvverrr until just a few days ago and geez it sure has changed since i was a kid!  Kids go bonkers in this place and they do a really good job of making the kids feel special and all that jazz. They have the table sections for each party and do a group birthday celebration when chuck e comes out. The birthday kids also get to go into a wind blower and try to catch a bunch of tickets.. my friends son got the $1000 ticket (only one in there) and he freaked out haha! Good place for the young kids for sure and a decently priced place to throw a bday bash so you don't break the bank.
2	This was the first time in a couple of years I have been to a Chuck E Cheese. My son was a little too young when I went the first time. Now that he is three I decided to try again. What a great location! They have tons of games at this location. I was not a fan of the pizza the other time I went but this time it tasted really good. I ordered French fries for my kiddo and they gave a lot for just under $2. I really apprecicated their online allergy list. It is very thorough and having a kid with a gluten, dairy and rice allergy makes this very important. The salad bar looked very fresh and next time I will definitely eat that, too. The young man at the front was very polite and nice as was the young lady at the food and prize counter. While I was there, three teenage boys came in and were being a little obnoxious, not even too bad but annoying. The management asked them to leave and handled it very professionally. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because I was there as they opened their doors and the games, mainly the tunnels and slide, were very dirty. I would not let my kiddo go in them because they were nasty. To their credit, I have never let him go in those because they are nasty everywhere. They must be hard to clean. Plus, the prize selection was definitely a little lacking. Besides that, love it there and will become a regular customer even though it is a 20 minute drive for me.EDIT:Forgot to mention my son got the worst norovirus sickness ever from here and ended up in the ER twice in 2 weeks from lack of fluids. They do not clean the place. BEWARE.We were there on my birthday last Saturday so we could celebrate it as a family. The place was a pit! The worst was the fact that the young man who is supposed to watch the front door, was NEVER at the front door,. A stranger could have walked out the door with my kid. Not that I ever lose sight of my son but one of the nice things about Chuck E Cheese is the system they developed with the stamps at the front door. Well, if no one is manning the front door, they are basically worthless. And again, the place was a pit. It has definitely gone downhill the last dozen times I have gone there.
2	Why on earth would anyone come to this location?  I don't know where to begin with my issues with this establishment.  From the salad bar that needed maintenance to the restrooms.  This is a place with kids, most of the them under the age of 12, the bathrooms need to have a regular schedule for cleaning and restocking, especially on the weekends!  Kids in general are messy, but now you have a couple hundred running through a restroom, it needs to be cleaned regularly.I was so disappointed to see that the staff only appeared for the birthday party and to drop off food, but when I looked around, I only saw one person out sweeping and trying to clean up and the person at the entrance.  Other than that, I would occasionally see a person come from the back and look around and go back to the back..  You have kids running around wildly.  Everyone at work that's not cooking should be out trying to man the restaurant floor.  Hand sanitizers ran out in the play area, but people working there were waking around doing nothing.I will return if a kid I know is having a party there, but I won't be eating the food.
2	Management needs to wake up.  This location is full of lazy, slovenly, disinterested and unhappy looking employees.Bathrooms need more regular maintenance as do all of the games.  Just about every game has something wrong with it.  Instead of fixing the game when I reported a problem, they just gave me a coin.  No apology and no effort to put a sign on the machine or fix it was made on any of my visits here.  You can spend $50 playing games here and not earn enough to buy anything worthwhile at the prize counter.  This place is a racket!  Salad bar is neglected, but surprisingly the pizza service has been OK the last few times I've been here.  To put that in context, the pizza is of course not good, but at least it was hot and edible.2 stars is generous and I only give it that because at least the kids have been happy.  Get a competent manager who cares and this location can be decent.
4	While I absolutely hate going here, it's dirty, noisy and full of kids, my sweet pea loves it so we had his last two birthday parties here.  They took good care of us and were in charge so I didn't have to heard kids around.  I just wish the place weren't so dirty.
1	So we LOVE Chuck E Cheese. Have had many birthday parties over the last 10 years. Our usual location on Alma School in Mesa has really declined, and we recently moved closer to this one. Service is bad. I have been here on 3 occasions. There is only 1 person on front counter duty, often also running the door. With a line of 4 families waiting, 2 employees are standing at front counter talking while 1 person tries to take orders. And this one person isn't even qualified, has to keep running into the back to ask questions. I'm assuming the manager is in the back instead of supporting her crew when it's slammed. One dude in a black polo just wanders around aimlessly.As some trained and experienced in food service management, it's appalling.
4	This Chuck E. Cheese is not as big as some so don't expect the stage and a big performance. The pizza was decent and the servers were very nice and accommodating to our little one. It was clean all EXCEPT for the climbing tubes which smelled and had trash in them. I'm sure they're not easy to clean but this must be done! When it's all said and done the kids love this place and it's an inexpensive place to celebrate a birthday. They provide the food and fun and clean up the mess when you leave.
