4	Yay!!! A thai restaurant thats closer to my work.This place used to be Sin CIty Burgers, but that didnt last too long.  Its totally different owners, but they kept Sin City in the business name.  The restaurant opened about 1 1/2 weeks ago.  Been there twice last week and planning on going there tonight for lunch break..haha.  So far I got to try the Panang Curry ($7.95), and the lunch special Pad Thai ($6.95).  Both were pretty good, tasty and just enough heat for what I asked.  The chef stated her spicy level is higher than most restaurants.  I can't wait to try their other dishes. My mouth is watering and waiting for break time.
5	Awesome Authentic Thai Food in Vegas. We Woke up from A Hard night of Partying and We wanted to eat thai food. 1)Went on Yelp, 2)searched Thai Food, 3) Gave us a Few List of thai restaurants in the area ( We've Been to at least 5 other) 4) picked out a new restaurant   6) drove.If your coming from the strip you have to make a 10 min drive, but def worth it.App: the thai jalapeno popper, and chicken wings were awesomeentree: pad seu  spcy basil pork and there green curry DElicousDefinitely coming here everytime we come out to vegas.A Real Thai Flavor in Sin City.
4	For the last 20 minutes, my nose has been running, and my lips have been on fire. Sin City Thai brings the HEAT!  Finally, I found a Thai restaurant that understands how to infuse spice into a dish without compromising the other ingredients.  They offer plenty of lunch specials for $6.95, but I was craving spicy chicken with basil for lunch. I ordered Level 3 (out of 5) and instantly knew I was in for a challenge. I like Hot food, but not to the extent where my mouth goes numb and I start crying. The food smelled so spicy and delicious, I couldn't wait to get back to work and eat it. After giving it some thought, I decided to sneak a bite at the first stop light to see how spicy this food really was. Then it hit me--WOW! Not only was this dish hotter than Jennifer Lawrence, it was really good. The chicken was cooked perfectly (sliced not ground) and was mixed with white onions, basil, red, and green peppers. However, what I liked most was the fantastic sauce this food was swimming in. I tossed my steamed rice up in there to soak up every last delicious drop. The place is casual, and the gentleman who took my order was really nice. My food was ready in 10 minutes which made me nervous. I didn't think you could put a dish together that quickly that packed so many flavors. I really like it here. Next time, I will bring my wife so she can try something else and I could sample it. I know what I am getting! Why mess with perfection?Challenge accepted Sin City!  I laugh in the face of your level 3. Just kidding-don't hurt me. Level 3 is just fine!
4	This is a very nice family run place immediately next to the much beloved Phat Phrank's.  The restaurant is small with maybe seating for about 20 but comfortable and inviting.  In particular we really enjoyed the soft shell crab salad and the Tom Kha Gai (chicken and coconut milk soup).  Generally, a thing to watch out for here is that their idea of spiciness is set a little higher than most places.  So, if you normally like your Thai food a 4 out of 5 for spiciness, you should start with a 3 out of 5 here. (Or maybe even a 2, if you want to be cautious.)  In terms of prices, I was  pleasantly surprised.  My impression is that the Sin City Thai prices run about 15% lower than those of competing Thai restaurants.  One more cool thing about this place is that if you're dining out with friends and maybe one part of the group wants Thai and another would prefer Mexican, both Sin City Thai and Phat Phrank's are totally cool with you getting food from both places and eating in either.  (They're not related businesses, they're just both very up with customer service about things.)
5	Great service! Best Thai iced tea I've ever had.
3	I work up the street from Sin City Thai, so when it opened up I was excited to have another potential lunch spot. I finally got around to trying them for lunch on Valentine's Day with the lovely Jaime W. as my dining date. We started out with delicious hibiscus lemonades. Very refreshing, definitely something I would try again. We also shared a chicken satay appetizer. It was good, but not great.For my meal, I went with the Mixed Vegetable lunch special which is a good deal at $6.95. The menu does not give a description of the dish, I assumed I would get an assortment of veggies like corn, mushrooms and broccoli. Instead I got onions and peppers in assorted colors. I was rather disappointed by this. I decided to go back and get some takeout before posting a review. This time I went with the Orange Chicken lunch special. I did not call in my order, but they still had me on my way in about 15 minutes. I liked this dish better then the Mixed Vegetable dish, but it still didn't blow me away and I doubt I'd order it again. Service each time was efficient and friendly, and since I work really close I will probably go back at some point to try the Pad Thai. Hopefully after that I can update and add another star but until then, Sin City Thai is just alright to me, nothing special.
4	Never been to the restaurant, but hubby brought me home some Pad thai and papaya salad, and taste pretty good, I cook my own pad thai at home and im  very picky about my pad thai, so is my hubby. Next time im trying sumthing different. =)
5	This place was absolutely delicious! I had the orange chicken an it was tender and flavorful. The staff was extremely attentive, polite, and very fast. Will definitely be coming back again
4	Edit: I had to drop one star.  Their consistency has gone down.  Their curries used to be sooooo good but the last time I got it it was soupy and liquidy. Not like their normal items at all.  Same with their Pad Thai. Disappointed.  :-(  I am picky when it comes to Thai food and this place was surprisingly good.  The pricing was cheaper then archi's and the decor was definitely not there but the green curry was great.  The pad kee mow was a little disappointing but the owner told me that it was not gonna be the same since they had run out of the large flat noodles. And i agree it was not the same but it was still decent.  The Thai tea was ok...I still think archi's is better... but I saw the thai coffee as I was leaving and it looked good.I will definitely be going back to try the other dishes I have not tried and a another huge plus... they deliver!
4	I was excited to see a Thai restaurant in the area where I work.  After reading the reviews here on Yelp, I decided to give it a try.  I called in my order and the girl who answered said it would be ready in 15 minutes.  I arrived in 15 minutes and was greeted upon walking in and my order was hot and ready at the counter.  I ordered the basil chicken lunch with a spice level of 3.  It was absolutely delicious.  As I was eating, beads of sweat was forming on my nose and my lips started burning.  People have posted on here are 110% accurate about this restaurant being a little more spicier than the rest.  Even though it was a little too spicy for me, it was still very very good.  The luncheon plates come with a fried egg roll and fried wonton.  I also got the thai tea.  The thai tea was just a tad too sweet but still good.  I can't wait to try other things from  their menu.April 30thSince my initial visit, i've come back and tried the pad thai and the red chicken curry.  Both very good.  I told them I wanted a spice level of 2.5 for the chicken curry and still think it was closer to a 4.  But nonetheless tasted very good.
5	Best Thai in Vegas
4	I am crazy for Thai food so me and my boyfriend decided to give this place a try. We had Chicken Tom Kha (level 3), Chicken Spicy Basil ( level 2), and Pad Thai (level 1) just to try how their spicy levels are since I usually do level 10 at archi's and krung siam. I LOVED the Tom kha, the perfect amount of spicyness with still a great amount of flavor. However if you're not into that spicy, it might be too much for you. The spicy basil was really tasty as well. However the pad thai wasn't my favorite since I like it to be a little sweeter. Oh and we also had the Thai tea, a little too sweet like candy but still okay. Overall I was really happy with the Tom Kha and Spicy Basil, I will definitely be back!! :)
1	First time trying this place today. Placed a to-go lunch special order of spicy mint chicken. I feel jipped..! The order of spicy mint chicken was soooo small! I didn't get full whatsoever. An eggroll, wonton crisp, and steamed rice also came with the lunch special, but it still wasn't enough. The price wasn't bad.. $6.75. But I was soooo disappointed in the portion size. I won't be coming back here.
2	We came here on a Monday night, 30min to closing, and ordered1. Chicken Tom Yum Soup, 8.952. Panang Curry - Beef, 8.953. Pad Thai - Chicken, 8.954. Mixed Vegetables - Fried tofu, 8.955. Extra bowl of rice, $1. for $39.18 (10% off if you pay with cash). We paid cash. - Looks like a fast food joint. Threw us off since it's a Thai restaurant next to a Gas station and Popeyes. Lowers the standard. - Tom Yum: Great Taste! Spicy. Hot. Loved it. Must get!- Beef panang: Too much peanut butter. Beef lacked tenderness. Worst panang I've ever eaten. And I've eaten a lot of Panang. - Spicy Basil with tofu: Not enough tofu and too much onions - Pad Thai: was too chewy. noodles were too soft. - Service was friendly, but demeanor seemed like they wanted us out. - Sloppy-tasting Thai food. Although, A nice place for Thai-Newbs that enjoy eating frozen Thai entrees from Trader Joe's. Or a good Lunch stop for the 9-5 worker looking to get out from a monotonous grind from McDonald's during their break. This is not a family-affair kinda restaurant.
3	This place was one of the few thai places open at 10:30AM (my stomach thought it was lunch time). I called in and the girl was quick to take and repeat my order:1. beef salad - surprising amount of beef! but needs more lettuce and juice/sauce. i love any beef salad, this was middle of the road good flavor wise. the beef on it though was better than average because it was cooked well, wasn't chewy, and there was a ton of it.2. beef pad see ew - not bad, not great, just averagely good.  i wish there was more broccoli in it. 3. green curry - i debated between yellow and green and the waitress said "our yellow curry is more popular but i like the green curry flavor more". so i went with the green curry with chicken. it comes with white rice, and is the greenest green curry I've ever seen. almost a lime green. the color threw me off but the curry itself was good. Good consistency, packed with veggies and thin (maybe too thin) slices of chicken. I told them "mild spicy" and it was on the tame side. i'll try this again next time but with "medium spicy"10% off if you pay cash! (which I didn't have) .... my total came out to $30.11
5	The fried rice was the most delicious dish I tried and now my new favorite dish to eat. The waitress there was had a kind heart there and she's always asking about how we and the food.I'm looking forward on coming back and trying new things!
5	We went there on a coin toss, and boy am I happy we did! I ordered the Yellow Curry and my boyfriend ordered the Pad Thai. She asked us how spicy on a scale of 1-5 how spicy we wanted our food and they were spot on. The Yellow Curry was delicious I loved the addition of coconut milk. The Pad Thai was excellent as well. The food is super healthy. The prices are very low, and the service was awesome. Check this place out for sure!
3	Came here for lunch during work.  The food was pretty good I suppose but I haven't yet been to a lot of Thai restaurants so I don't have many places to compare it to.  One thing that I have to note though is that the "Yellow Curry w/ Chicken" (lunch special) had a small strand of hair on the spoon which I had to send back.  But they quickly took it back and brought me a new bowl as soon as I mentioned it to them.  If it wasn't for my friends I probably would have just left, but I was being a team player.
1	Went there for lunch and it took nearly 2 hours. My salad had hair on it and the curry was too watery.
2	We actually tried to go to Berlin Cafe but it is closed on Saturday for lunch. Since I was hangry, i just needed to eat and this was next door. The space reminds me of a diner with seating and an open kitchen. The seating area was decorated minimally with some wall decor and small fake floral pieces on the table. The server was friendly and nice. A little young and needs to learn the service process more, as our table did not have enough silverware and she never came back to check on usWe ordered: Silver Noodle Salad -  this was a 3 out of 5 in spice level and out was out of control hot for a "medium".  In terms of flavor, I couldn't taste it because my mouth was burning. Mongolian Chicken - not Chinese style but good flavorsPad See Eww - it was ok, nothing special. I would not come back.
5	"I came here on New Years 2014 week to visit my relatives & this was the first stop I made..."FOOD: Best BBQ RIBS I've ever had in my life! The flavors were smoky & mesquite; it was just perfect!SERVICE: Extremely friendly with beautiful and welcoming smiles!SPICE LEVEL: Now I am Thai-American and I can handle about 6-8 Thai chillis so order what you can handle, ONCE AGAIN ORDER WHAT YOU CAN HANDLE!THE EXPERIENCE: was very satisfying, no complaints from me, I'm not a very picky eater so if you are a picky eater then, please read some of the other picky comments, thanks ;)I will definitely be BACK, BACK, BACK!
3	This joint is just around the corner from work... So, I literally only have an hour when I get around to giving it another go.  That said, I love me some Thai food and can dutifully handle spice ( I'm from Buffalo, kids) but the heat on this Pad Thai was off the wall and ruined the dish. They go from one to five, I ordered a three.  The next time I found myself parked in their tiny, but lovely dining room I elected to reel it back and stay at one. While it was much cooler, the flavor still packed a punch. I must be getting wimpy. Fresh ingredients and sluggish service makes me want to go check this spot out on the weekends to adventure further into their menu.
2	I very rarely give a two-star rating on here but, when you've failed twice, it's necessary. A start for each failed attempt. My first visit was spent meeting a friend for dinner. We both had the Pad Thai, because it's the necessary dish if you've never had a particular Thai place. There is no REAL 1- 5 on the spice. It's HOT or it's NOT. A tip for you to remember if you visit. Learning that wasn't as much of a disappointment. It's fine. The disappointment came from the lack of support from staff when we both couldn't eat our dinner because of the heat. We paid full price for two dishes we could barely get in our mouths. Moving on. Tried again today. "ZERO spice", I say.. but not in a manner of douchebaggery. There was no spice, but also no flavor. I've been to  quite a few Thai establishments, and "no spice" doesn't mean "no flavor". They just couldn't get it right for me. Service was rough both times. Not a very quick lunch, but not an environment for dinner. Sorry, lads. I can't get behind this one. Infamous "one-sentence review" of Sin City Thai?If you're betting on a good experience here, you've better chances at hitting $900 on the penny slots.
3	I have had Sin City Thai on my to do list for a while and finally got the opportunity to dine there with the some regulars. They offer delivery and takeout, but we opted to come in for lunch. The servers are so sweet and friendly. They were very attentive and so nice. They have a number of lunch specials to choose from that are reasonably priced and I decided on the yellow curry with pork. I ordered a 3 out of 5 spice level and had a sufficient amount of heat. My curry was a little on the sweet side, but the heat definitely helped overpower the sweetness. They offer brown rice, which I will keep in mind for my next visit. WIth excellent prices and convenient location, I see this as a good option for Thai food in the area.
3	Redemption update! I must make this short but anytime a business redeems itself, it should be noted. I jumped up a star because I got the Pad See Ew to go, and it's great. FINALLY, spice "level 1" is exactly what it should be. Also, they were quick, and so very friendly. They've won me back as a go-to quick Thai joint for lunch, for the time being. Carry on, Sin City!
2	The thai tea is very watery.  The wontons were very crispy and some were delicious while others were burned.The chicken was very dry. The fried rice was good. There was no one there so we were the only ones being waited on. It just tasted like something from a microwave.
3	Food was decent and serving size was great it's a lot like most other small Thai restaurants good for take out and food in a pinch. I was the only person sitting down and they served me and were polite in all regards. Some of the employees were eating their lunch at one of the other tables and would grab water or offer me other items as the need arose, so that made it more of an enjoyable experience overall. My only real complaint was that the pot stickers were not flavorful at all.
4	I'm from SGV, CA, so I'm familiar with most ethnic food. This place was unlike any I've had before. I ordered Pad Thai and it was interesting because they added cabbage to it. I like the healthy twist, and there was a perfect amount of spice added. I was debating if I wanted it more spicy, but the host recommended I had the extra spice on the side as it could get a bit too spicy. Great recommendation. Although they don't have happy hour any more (boooo!!! :( ) the food was reasonably priced and super delicious! And the staff was very friendly.
2	Don't go here expecting much. It's really just not very good. My mom said her yellow curry lacked flavor, too many onions and was very runny. I got the kung pao chicken lunch special, barely any chicken, just mostly the other stuff they make it with, and a couple scraps of chicken mixed in. Tasted okay, but just disappointing all around. I did like the thai tea though.
5	There are the business owners that take to Yelp to combat bad reviews with canned responses, and there are those like Sin City Thai that read the reviews and fix what needed to be fixed with hard action. I have been here many, many times since my initial visit and the service & quality here doesn't stop improving. They know what it takes to get it right, and they apply it! Well done, Sin City. You've earned this one.
3	Service was great, food was pretty good. Ordered the chicken salad with a spice level of 7 (I think). Wasn't bad, but not really an unforgettable experience. All iceberg lettuce with some veggies and chicken. Seemed a little too generic given the price. Dressing was good though.
2	First time trying this place,1. Dr pepper tasted like root beer-they say it's not2. No soup with the special 3. Kung pao chicken bland - asked for mild (3) but it was more like 74. Wonton was basically a chipOverall the food was less than average and the service about the same
3	I was on my lunch,  and decided to give this place a go,  since I was really craving some Thai food and it was the only location close by.  The restraunt it's self is pretty small,  only about 8 tables.   When I arrived in was still kinda crowded from the lunch rush,  and none of the tables looked bused yet.  The gentlemen in the front serving noticed me right away and cleaned off a table promptly.  I ordered a plate of pad kea mow,  which is my favorite Thai dish.  I got my food quickly in less than ten minutes.  One thing I thought was strange was how the noodles used were not fat wide noodles that I usually see in the dish.  Instead they were similar to fettuccine noodles.  When asking how spicy I would like,  the waitress asked between one and five stars.  Now,  I'm used to them asking me in between one and ten,  so it took me a second to decide on my desired spiciness.  I went ahead and went with a two.  The dish it's self was still pretty spicy, and it was lacking some of the essential flavors I was looking for.  All and all,  it was a nice cheap and quick place for me to spend my lunch,  and I will probably be coming here again.
2	So my office eats here quite often because its pretty close and we only have 30mins. Never had issues before but this past time was just terrible. Ordered 2 lunch specials, 1 reg chicken entree, order of egg rolls and 1 sticky rice. Got there to pick up and wanted to add on an extra sticky rice but they said they were out. OK.. no big deal. Got back to the office and realized I didn't even get my 1 order of sticky rice one of the lunch specials had onions (requested to leave them out) and only 2 packets of soy sauce.Called and told them we'd come back for a new order w/out onions. The office assistant went back and got the new order, asked for extra soy sauce and asked for the sticky rice we didn't get. The bigger guy said he put it in the bag himself so he knows we got it. She got back to the office w/the new order.. it was sooooo spicy, maybe I was being punished for complaining they got my order wrong. They gave 2 more packets of soy sauce (like really?). And when she told me about the man telling her about the sticky rice I was so annoyed I called..Talked to him and after arguing for 5 mins he said "now that I think about it I might have given it to someone else.. We got really busy." Why would I lie about a $2 side of sticky rice, come on?! Very rude. Service was horrible. And food was just OK.
5	Friendliest & nicest staff & the best tai food in town. Barbecue  chicken combo is my favorite along w/their Hibiscus lemonade! Highly recommend!!!
4	Recent studies have shown that curries can actually be effective in lowering blood pressure, and sometimes by lunch after a frustrating morning at the office I am certain I could use this.  While this may be true, it also true that I never need an excuse to eat Thai.  So my go-to workday Thai lunch spot is the nearby Sin City Thai.In addition to any benefits of lower blood pressure, Sin City Thai will clear up any sinus problems.  Their food is HOT and they will let you know that when you order.  I wouldn't be surpised if their mild 3 is hotter than some places spiciest 5.  I don't mind the heat and occassionally I enjoy the tongue blistering heat.  If that is how you like it, this is the place for you.Besides the heat, the curries are fairly straight forward with onions, carrots, and potatos.  The meats are thinly sliced which allows the sauce to mix in throughout the meat and gives a powerful flavor.  It includes a spring roll and wonton that along with the sweet dipping sauce provides a nice contrast to the heat of the main dish.  When dining in, the meal also includes a bowl of soup.Their lunch specials are very reasonably priced ($6.95) and for about the price of a McDonald's value meal you can get a real meal.  Between the good food, the lunch specials, and the close proximity to many offices, it is quite popular during the week and can be very busy at the noon hour.  The dining room has only a few talbes so I would recommend calling ahead for carry out if you are pressed for time.
4	I order delivery from here quite often to my office at work. The staff is always friendly over the phone, the food doesn't take to long to get to me, and the delivery driver is always super friendly. I feel the prices are reasonable as well. I always get chicken pad thai with a side of white rice. I am not disappointed by it, it certainly kills my pad thai cravings, but its not my absolute favorite pad thai. Their excellent customer service here (that I have experienced anyway) certainly makes up for that. And for that reason, is why I keep going back.See you soon Sin City Thai Restaurant!
5	One of the best things about my workplace is that Sin City Thai is right around the corner. My lunch break has never been the same since discovering it. Sin City Thai puts other Thai restaurants to shame. They have hands down the best curry in Vegas that I've ever tried (especially the Panang!) and their other dishes are also excellent. I've been Thailand and the food here is as good or even better as anywhere else. It can get a little busy during the lunch rush, but that's just because the place is so awesome. Lin and his crew are awesome too! They always greet us and are super friendly. If you're looking for a good thai restaurant in Vegas, check this place out!
