3	Wow, to walk into a place and it still smells like new, such an odd occurrence in this neighborhood.  I'm still baffled as why this store relocated only two blocks away?But for what it's worth, they really did improve on the store experience in this neck of Oakland.  Now 24 hours and with a drive thru pharmacy.  The parking lot has ample spaces even if it is a bit harsh to figure out the best way to access this place.  Inside, like I said is brand new, it has that new carpet smell still going on.  It is bright and big.  From the outside they have this illusion going on as if it is a two story building, but it's really only one story with a very high ceiling.Pharmacy has separate hours from the store, expected.  But I believe there is someone staffed there in case you need to grab a OTC medication that is stored in that area.  Self checkouts in the front, for an easy in and out experience.
2	The people who work here are really nice. And the store is brand new. It's one of the largest CVSs that I've ever been to but has one of the smallest staffs I have ever seen. I used to go to a CVS near Purdue University and their pharmacy staff was usually around 8-12 people to service the counter and drive-through. This one has between 2 and 3 and there's always a wait.
5	This pharmacy is exactly what it should be! It is a national chain, so if you're on vacation and you run out of your prescription, you can pick it up at any other CVS with a quick transfer. Sure, you are not going to receive the consultation that you would receive with a community pharmacy, but all I need is a pharmacy that will get prescriptions ready whenever I need them. They does just that very well here. The staff are always very nice too, rushed, but still nice.
4	I can't speak to the pharmacy aspect of this CVS, but the store aspect is great!  They carry food, holiday items, cards, makeup, stationary, and everything else you'd expect to find at a pharmacy, but their selection is wider and more varied than at most pharmacies.  Also, they're open 24 hours.  The employees are great, too--they've used their card so I could get a discount when I misplaced mine, and last Fri., they let me select two different types of candy for the buy one, get one for 25 cents deal that's currently going on, even though I suspect it's supposed to be for the same type of candy.  I live about a block away from here, and it's a more convenient alternative than going all the way to the Market District if I forget an item, and a better alternative than the Sunoco down the street.
1	The pharmacy seems disorganized.  Retail clerks are nearly nonexistent. They want to force everyone to use the self-service checkout machines, but some of these machines don't even work. In general I like CVS, but this store is terrible. I've been in here maybe six times and each time the experience is roughly the same. I'll be moving my prescriptions somewhere else as soon as I can.
