5	Arrived early for lunch on their opening day today, but lots of others had the same idea.  Registers weren't working and the guys making the hot lunches were working fast and furiously to get the orders out.  Food was great!  Looks like an interesting concept.  Just have to work some bugs out, to be expected in a brand new store.  Will be back for some wine/cheese in the evening after work.  Great location, perfect downtown people watching place.
3	Decided to pop into Oakville to check it out. Great wine selection, nice selection of cheeses and meats and a good amount of other specialty products. Doesn't seem like a place to do your normal shopping, but they seemed to have a good amount of specialty products and the pricing was on point. I'll def go back to check out the wine selection, if I'm in the area
4	Very excited to have a neighborhood grocery downtown!  I've been in twice now and was surprised how many people were in there considering they just opened on Thursday.  They have a really nice wine selection without the usual suspects, the cheese case has many nice, reasonably priced offerings and the pastry case looked delicious too!They still have a few bugs to work out, but that is to be expected from a new business.  I definitely recommend enjoying a glass of wine at the bar with some cheese...yummy!
3	I work downtown, so have been happily anticipating each new business that opens in the area, primarily in CityScape. Today I was in the mood for nothing in particular, so decided to try Oakville for their variety. I ordered a Pesto Caprese Pizza. Pluses are that they make it to order, so it is fresh and I can edit if desired. I can also eat on it for 2 meals, which is pretty good for $10. Negatives ares that the pesto is far too oily, and is missing that pesto 'bite' that makes me a fan of basil. I am disappointed that within 10 minutes of coming out of the oven, the pesto/mozzarello has congealed to an unappetizing blob. The crust is rather tasty, so I will surely try another pizza from OG. I also sampled the bread pudding. If you are familiar with traditional southern bread pudding, this is not for you. I was in the mood for a sweet treat, but for me, their desserts were not appealing enough. I did notice individual servings of gelato and ice cream available, which is great for the hot summer months! More baked treat options at lower/medium price points would be nice, but this is a bonus for my health, anyway. All this being said, the staff is very friendly, the place is clean and easily accessible with multiple entrances, and there are many more lunch/snack options I look forward to trying. I am hopeful Oakville incorporates itself into the downtown scene and finds a way to bring in business morning through late-night. It would be great for them to host Friday night wine and hors d'ouerves tastings, weekday happy hours that last past 6 pm (for all of us who work downtown), and monthly live music (a singer/songwriter guitarist, for example) on their patio. Further, I would suggest they start up a 'rewards' program (with a fancier title, of course, for loyal customers who want an excuse for spending 20%-30% more on their lunch.All in all, a worthwhile visit, and I will surely be back for another chance to be impressed. I hope to change my rating to 4 stars after!
4	This place is not the place to go when you are on a limited budget and need to get together a sandwich tray in a hurry.  You are paying for convenience and pretty things.  It's AJs (and possibly even more expensive than AJs) but it is downtown right across the street so you are going to pay extra for the convenience.  Having said that, I like Oakville.  They carry a good selection of non-essentials and even some essential items.  There is lunch service with items like sandwiches to half a chicken (which is actually a steal at about five bucks).  They have an olive bar and coconut water by the mountainful.  The dessert counter is what I rave about.  The desert counter is populated with Tracey Dempsey chocolates, scones and desserts like panna cotta.  They even have macaroons from Essence bakery.  I will likely end up spending much too much time and too many calories in this place.  Oh and for lunch, they have indoor seating in air conditioning which is key.  It's a nice place to grab something and chit chat with a colleague without feeling rushed or crowded.
3	I love all of the products they carry and the cheese options are amazing. Its just sooooo expensive. I accidentally (didn't check the price at the time) bought a can of Altoids $5!! I wish this place was more affordable, then I'd be there everyday
4	I'm happy to see that Oakville didn't leave the Valley, they just moved. I think (hope) this location will work out better because it's not located in an area heavily populated with a lunch crowd on foot and it's easily accessible from the street. Oakville is a trendy neighborhood-style grocery store with plenty of wine, sandwiches, pastries and snacks to choose from. Their iced coffee is tasty and I like that they offer sugar free chocolate for mochas. It's on the pricey side though and I'm not sure that it's worth $4 for a medium iced coffee... The food here is tasty as well. My favorite sandwich is the grilled chicken with Gruyere and that's based on experience from years of going to Oakville in the Bay Area. This is also a good spot to sit back and relax with a glass of wine in hand. Oakville has plenty of options for a hostess gift and other trendy foods when you're looking to impress. I hope Oakville can stick it out here because I think Downtown could use more spots like these.
4	I work downtown and am thrilled by this addition at Cityscape. This is a small upscale grocery store with a small but quality selection of food and beverages as well as other household items. The focus is definitely on food and drink. They have a good size deli area offering meats and cheese as well as pizza and other items. My favorite is the roasted half chicken and veggies for $6.99. This is about what you'll pay at one of the fast food joints.....AND IT'S A HALF CHICKEN!!!!  They also have a pastry counter for your sweet tooth and/or if you need a cup of gourmet coffee-I got a mini chocolate cake for my office and it was fantastic. Moving on to the beer and wine, they have a GREAT selection of wines and craft beers. Lastly at the back is a wine bar where you can have a seat and enjoy a glass of wine or one of the two or three beers they have on tap. This is really an awesome place EVERYTHING so far has been very reasonably priced and very high quality. Think of it as a small (and much better AJs right downtown. I ca't say enough about this place. It's awesome and I can't believe that it's right by where I work!
4	We walked a mile from our home to get here last Sunday.  I won't do that again until cooler weather prevails, but I will bike there during the crucial 24 hours each week it's open while the Public Market is closed - especially Sundays and Mondays.It's kinda reminiscent of Dean & DeLuca in NYC and so, majorly draws me to it.  The presence of Meyer's dish soap doesn't hurt.I'll be a regular - at least until the Public Market creates Sunday/Monday hours.I have no idea how it intends to survive so far from residents on the weekends.
4	Oh, mygosh.  Finally.  Been waiting for this since statehood.  A grocery store in downtown Phoenix.  Don't work in downtown too often any more, but happened to be there this week.  Walking in the heat, looking for lunch, saw Oakville Grocery Co.  What?  Groceries?? New restaurant??  Gave it a try.  We split a roasted turkey sandwich, with brie and cranberries on a rustic baguette ($8.95) - delicious.  Added a Caprese side salad - better than delicious.  Apparently, their mozzarella is house made - best I've ever had.  The Caprese was small, but only $2.95??!The menu includes flatbreads, hearth pizzas, artisan salads, sandwich wraps, artisan sandwiches and desserts.  They have a cheese and charcuterie platter, a daily housemade soup, and sides, as well as premade sandwiches and salads for $7.They have quite a selection of salads, cheeses and upscale groceries.  And it's not all outrageously expensive (ok, they have colored pasta for $17 but it's GORGEOUS!)  I got a beautiful small cake (totally yummy) for $5. And I LOVE the fact that they sell affordable portions of their expensive cheeses; even though a cheese may be $20 a pound, you can get a $3.50 package - you don't have to ask for a small portion or settle for an $8 selection of an unknown cheese.  They have a baker on site - a case full of scrumptious looking pastries, and housemade cherry vanilla granola that was wonderful.They will validate your parking in the garage underground.The staff is extremely friendly, and will give you a sample of just about anything you'd like.  They do catering, also, and are open until 9 pm.  Would I do all my grocery shopping here?  Of course not, but what a fun place for goodies.  Will I be eating lunch here the rest of my stint downtown?  You betcha!!
2	I've now shopped here twice. Twice now I've walked around this place trying aimlessly to find something worth buying. It's futile for me. Now we have two "specialty" marts in downtown (the Phoenix Public Market being the other) that do nothing to add the the sustainability of CenPho. Sucks to be us. We really need a full service store. Come on Fresh & Easy! The market is ready and waiting!
2	I am sorry, but WAY overpriced. I paid $2.99 for a greek yogurt. It wasn't even a fancy brand. I can get Skyr at Sprouts for cheaper. My bad. I didn't notice the price tag. They do not have the price of items on display. You have to search the product for a price tag. I looked at prices and in general way too pricey. I guess you are paying for the convenience. I think AJ's Fine Foods is better and less expensive. Never again.
4	Having worked across the street, I can't believe it has taken me this long to check this place out.  While I love the PHX Public Market, I can say that with Oakville in the neighborhood I could almost be car free for some of my basics especially on Sundays and Mondays when PPM is not open. They have a great deli with fresh sandwiches, pizzas, prepared foods and salads (think AJ's or Whole Foods) and small sections of fresh fruits, veggies cheeses, pastas,  milk, gourmet and speciality items, frozen foods, plates, toilet paper, dish soap... They have a great wine and beer selection,  and a bar in the back where they have several beers on tap. They even carry some local produce and dairy items (Crows Farm, Superstition Farm were 2 I noticed).  Yeah it may be cheaper to go elsewhere and I still have to go to Sprouts for my health foods and supplements but I can honestly say if I didn't have a car between, PHX Public Market, CVS and Oakville I could get by pretty well for quite a while. While I could see a F&E fitting in quite nicely downtown all I really need now is maybe a little Ma & Pa Health Food store to open up or for PHX PM to start carrying Supplements and other Health Food Items. [That is my 2 cents.]
5	Great food! Wonderful patio!! And amazing company!!! I am so glad they have only relocated because this is a treasure in a sea of junk:) The food is quite delicious and I cannot tell you how good the caprese pizza was. It is more than enough to share. Love love love the pesto base topped with fresh mozzarella and sliced tomatoes. The crust was light and fresh. Really enjoyed the citrus mint iced tea and to top off the meal I enjoyed the no bake chocolate and peanut butter cookies. soy free of course. This place is so amazing and I love the little changes they made since relocating downtown. Did I tell you I had great company for lunch? Thanks Michael!!!
