3	***You should be able to find cheaper snacks and drinks at this 7-Eleven than the many expensive casino gift shops***We were trying to find one of those 50% Las Vegas ticket counters.  It was super hot, and this 7-Eleven on the South end (South of Paris) saved us).  They had cold water.  We were so parched, we just bought the first water we saw (Nestle Pure Life).  I'm not sure what other brands of bottled water they sell.  The price was fine though (at busier Las Vegas spots) you can get bottled water on the street from regular people for a $1 per bottle.Pepsi seems to be the soda of choice at Las Vegas, but I imagine that you could get Coke here.  I can't confirm though because I didn't check.
4	7-Eleven at it's finest? Yes. They fulfilled our needs very, very well, especially since we were on a budget. Our needs were:1) Cheap alcohol. I could have easily spent hours sitting at the casinos drinking "for free," but I didn't feel like gambling away my entire paycheck... so we hit up 7-Eleven for what? That's right: Four Loko!! We were running on almost no sleep, and were planning on staying up and partying for the next 8 hours or so... energy + alcohol was a must! One of my friends testified that she always gets "really damn f*cked up" whenever she drinks Four Loko... perfect! 2) Cigars. Now this is a classy shot - walk around with an open container of Four Loko, while smoking away at your buck fifty cigar from behind the counter. Yeahh! Only in Vegas.
4	It appears like a Oasis in the desert in the Hawaiian Marketplace. And the Slurpee machine is right at the front which is a savior as well. Great Location way to go 7-11
2	This is the smallest, scariest 7-11 I have ever been in. It literally looked like the 7-11 that time forgot. I mean...really people. Maybe I'm just spoiled by my mega, clean 7-11s in Texas, but this one was downright creepy. Crowd hanging outside was less than desirable and one of them 'accidentally' grabbed my ass, with my bf standing right next to me. (Biggest pet peeve ever.)Didn't really notice the prices, which I suppose they mean they were pretty reasonable. The cashier at the counter gave us wrong directions to the closest ATM, which almost made us late for our show. But I suppose that's not entirely her fault, could have just been a mistake. Seriously...go to the well-lit Walgreens a block down and save your sanity - and your ass.
3	I only go here to get a Slurpee in a Big Gulp or Double Big Gulp cup.  I can not comment on anything else besides that!  They had 6 flavors to put in my cup!
2	Upon pulling in and dodging the bums begging for change, we made sure the windows were locked and proceeded to go in  and grab a red bull & a Slurpee.  The guy that was working the counter was speaking gibberish as he grabbed my wife's hand to put the change right in her palm.....and he still missed. Really? Only in Vegas.
2	Old and creepy 7 eleven next door to many run down stores. But it got me what I needed at a cheap price compared to the rest of vegas haha
4	Regular readers of my reviews can attest, if there's a 7-Eleven in my path.. I am going to stop and get a Slurpee.This spot is no different.. well except for the booze in the cooler in the back. I went with my staple, slurpee pick up.. meanwhile my girlfriend ventured into the back and came to find some of the cheapest (and we wouldn't know this early on in the trip) alcohol we would find on the strip. She grabbed a can of Mike's hard.. and the tourist in me confirmed with the cashier that we could walk around with it.. and we were off.Cheap, one aisle for everything.. what more could you ask for?
1	Closed for business as of now.The whole building is vacant as a matter fact.The other 7/11 is on the North end of the strip by the Ross.
