4	Paseo Vista Recreational Area has just opened and is nearly complete.  My daughter and I made use of the public archery range this morning - well done Chandler Recreation Department!This roughly 60 acre area on top of a closed landfill includes the archery range, a large bark park, a disc golf course, hiking and biking trails, picnic shelters, several playground bouldering areas for climbing and a very nice playground.  It connects to the Paseo Trail system which is contiguous with other bike/walking/equestrian trails in the east valley.There is a nice view from the area as most of it is roughly 100 feet above the surrounding landscape/A nice addition to the east valley.  By 9:30 this morning the area was already buzzing with kids, dogs, disc golf players, runners, bicyclists and archers.The planners tried to incorporate environmentally friendly features and materials such as used tires and a minimum of water intensive planting such as grass.
4	I'll admit it, I was a little skeptical about a park built atop a former landfill but it's actually a great idea! Not only are there breathtaking views of the valley, they have some really cool activities like disc golf and archery. Everything is made from recycled materials and there's even a Garbage Sculpture Garden!  Weird, right?  Well, I thought the best part of the whole park was the large dog park as I am an avid dog lover.  Great job Chandler!
5	I love parks.  Especially big ones with lots of activities and a bike/run trail.  A park with a view?  Even better.  Paseo Vista Recreational Area is a great addition to Chandler and I especially love that it connects with the canal, making it easy for me to run there from my house!Whether you want to run the dog, run the kids, or try the disc golf course....there's something for everyone!
4	came here to play disco golf. its a really beautiful park. it has a nice area for the kids, and an archery range. the disc golf course was a lot of fun! it has men and womens tees which are nice for someone like me who isn't that good. lol. the one thing i didnt really like about it was that it looks like a huge course, which it kinda is, but the way they have it layed out makes if feel like its all cramped in there and sometimes there are discs flying all over the place so you have to constantly watch out that you're not gonna get hit. but despite that i like the park. im guessing its fairly new, and when we drove up there were some parts still under construction. hope to def go back soon!
4	Great new park that has three main sections, a dog park, a conventional park for the kids and an archery range.  I have only used the dog park (bark park) portion so that is what I will review.The dog park is actually two nearly identical sections; they open one at a time, alternating every week so the grass doesn't turn into dirt.No agility course features, but it is quite spacious with lots of tennis balls so the dogs have lots of running room.  It's most crowded around dusk I have found.
5	We've been bringing our gorgeous Great Dane for several months now, and have been pretty impressed with the dog park.  The grass is still green and it's kept quite clean.  Thank you City of Chandler!Plus, they have a clearly posted sign that children 12 and under are not allowed and I've seen the police actually enforce that law!  It's a great, much needed law since I've seen children under 8 come in and take off running through the park with their dog, only to have 5 other dogs chase after them too.  Come on parents - get a clue!!  I don't want to be held responsible if my Great Dane tramples a child that's running at high speed!
5	I... love... this... park. It's fantastic! Built on a landfill, it was designed wonderfully by the City of Chandler giving great views of the city to anyone who visits. The park seems to be separated into four areas - dog parks, kid park, disc golf, and archery range. There is a walking/jogging trail around the park as well. The only part of the park that I have personally used is the dog parks. They have 2 separate dog areas which are opened on a rotating basis so the ground doesn't get over-run with all the four-legged friends. The dog areas have water fountains (both human and dog sized), benches for the humans to sit, and pooper scoopers to clean up after your pooch. This is by far the cleanest dog park I've been to in the east valley; the dog owners have been more or less responsible (more than at other dog parks) and I've seen city workers in the dog areas several times. My dog loves it!We've also taken a stroll around the park and seen the kids play areas. It looks like most of the equipment is made out of recycled materials - old tires, old construction equipment, and all done in a safe manner. The kids we saw looked like they were having a great time.
5	This is a Great park! We go often to play disc golf. Its a challenging course, especially if its windy! Great views of the entire East Valley from up there. Gotta get the dogs over to check out this dog park. Looks like a lot of fun.4-23-11. Hit up the dog park this weekend with all three of the doggies. Great park with plenty of playful, well behaved dogs. Love this park.
4	Specifically I go here for the dog park...There are two seperate yards that are on alternating schedules to allow for the grass to recover from playing pooches.  I've noticed that of the multiple dog parks I've frequented this is by far the cleanest.  There are the rare exception to the rule (old lady I saw yesterday who ignored her dog pooping and then promptly moved as far away as possible after her dog had finished so she wouldn't have to clean up...don't worry we took care of it for you..)The people I've encountered here are among the friendliest dog park frequenters and I've never had a situation where my dog became so scared (she's pretty meek) that she refused to play and would hide behind me the whole time (like at Shawnee).  This is defintiley the place to go for a dog park if you're in the area.
4	I really have enjoyed this park since it opened up.I've jogged the pathways numerous times and I like the rugged (yet even), natural, desert feel of the track under my feet.  I've mountain biked the same jogging trail through and through.. even down to the canal.  We've even brought our dog to the doggy park and have had good experiences there.  Overall, this is a great 'desert-park' concept and executed well by COC.  It is well maintained and used by a good amount of people (never "crowded" at all).A few disappointments:- water fountains have been off the several times I've jogged/biked the park trail (sucks when you forgot or finished your own water bottle)- bathrooms have been locked the same times I found the water fountains off- the doggy park *specifically* says NO KIDS under a certain age, yet STUPID people still bring their tiny children and let them roam around and wrestle with dogs.  That is just a suit waiting to happen - Leave your kid at home or take em to the playground right there, parents!  It's a dog park, not a kid's playground.
5	Awesome, awesome, awesome park that has a one mile loop for walking/jogging, but also links up with the canal if you want to go for a longer jaunt.  Tons of play equipment for itty bitty kids as well as bigger ones.  Frisbee golf, dog park, archery range.  Other amenities include tons of parking and restroom facilities.
5	This dog park is as good as it gets.  It's built on an old landfill, but you'd never have any idea because it is such a well kept and manicured dog park/Frisbee golf range/children's play area.  When we lived nearby, my dog would be so excited when we turned up the driveway to the dog park.There are two separate areas to the dog park and each side is closed periodically for clean up and to let the grass regenerate.  This allows each side of the park to always be clean and the grass to be green and lush.  We've been to the other dog park in Chandler that has a beach entry lake for dogs, and that's cool and all, but it's not nearly as well kept as Paseo Vista.
5	I remember when this was a landfill and I used to live down the street from it and wondered if it would keep growing like Mt trashmore in Va Beach where I have skate boarded at in my younger years. The city of chandler plans everything out and I believe the city planner might have serious illness of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder because the park is very well planned out. There are tube slides to keep your kids from having the skin pulled off by the hot desert heat. I didn't know that slides can get to 160/180F until I saw a parent with a heat gun reader at one park in Mesa. I was shocked and told myself I would never let my kids get burned. There is a geo-spider web dome that the children can climb to the top. Its not easy to get to the top which slows them down going up and coming down. There is golf Frisbee which I didn't know it existed until I watch a group of people play. You need patience and very good aim to play this game but it looks to be popular. Do you have a young girl in the house that loves the hunger games and believes archery is an art form? You in luck because the other side of the park is the nicest archery range I've ever seen. The amount of land they set aside for this area was wise and I'm sure it was a much better idea than a shooting range. Cross training track covers the whole of the park and its not easy when you're a dad in your 40s and very challenging. The vista is a great place to sit down relax and take in the whole of chandler and it might be the highest point that isn't in a building. Bathrooms are clean and are cleaned every single day which makes taking kids there much easier. Also I noticed there is always someone from the city there either taking tests or cleaning or checking out the park. Many times I've noticed a chandler K9 police units there to give their dogs some downtime from riding in a car all day. The dog parks are the cleanest dog parks I've never seen. I say parks because there are two of that are rotated so one dog park does not become a overrun wasteland like Cosmo park in Gilbert. They are covered in grass and there are places for the dogs to get water and for people to sit. I found the best times are early morning at 8AM and 6PM for all the dogs to meet and greet. What makes Paseo dog park different is that I've not had an issue violent dogs or violent dog owners. These people whom believe its ok to take their ill-tempered dogs to the park and then they pick on other dogs for the sport of it and the owners think its no big deal. So pack some treats and water make the trip here. Its free and great place to burn off a few hours.  Good Luck, Jason
5	Great park. Visiting phx for the day & daughter wanted out of car. This was the perfect stop to stretch legs & get a little sun bf heading back to tucson. Wish we had something like this near us. Also noticed fantastic fenced dog park. There is a 2-5 year old playscape & a 5-12 year old part. Love love love it.
5	Great spot for archery. Big, wide open ranged dedicated for archery. There are permanent tables and benches with permanent shade to help with our HOT sunshine. All for free!!! Well, after paying taxes.
4	Absolutely LOVE the archery facility at Paseo Vista. The nice part is that their is covering for archers during set up and take down of equipment. This is a big advantage to a lot of archers, especially in the blistering sun of Arizona :)The equipment is in fair condition but is replaced once it gets to a particular point of  no return. I absolutely love the fact that their targets are in place -  25 lanes out to 90 meters, 5 lanes out to 60 meters and 4 lanes out to 30 meters. This gives everyone an advantage :)If you are looking into archery or already enjoy the sport, Check out Paseo and I am sure you will really enjoy it!
5	One of the best and most unique parks in the East Valley! I love the layout and the views of the valley are incredible! My kids always have a blast on the playground, and they love pointing out the "retro" materials in the cement walls!
