1	My husband and I tried Liu Liu's in Baxter Village last night, with his parents. The four of us ordered steamed dumplings and four entrees. My husband had a coupon to get one entree free with the purchase of another entree of greater value, so we used that coupon last night.We arrived just after 5. Our dumplings were good, but the entrees weren't anything special. After we received our dinner, service began to slow down considerably, even though the restaurant was nearly empty. We were sat in the farthest corner on the left as you come into the restaurant, and no one ventured far enough back to check on us.As a result, we had to flag someone down to get the check. We put down two credit cards and our coupon, to split the check evenly. After waiting for them to get our cards for well over 10 minutes we had to flag them down again. The woman took our cards to process them. She came back a short while later, dropped off our slips and left quickly.We soon found out why: she had *handwritten* out the tip and totals on the credit card slips! She had written in a 25% gratuity on each slip and totaled it up, leaving it for us to sign, and left without any explanation. This was outrageous. Nowhere on the menu or anywhere else did we see that having a party of 4, splitting a bill across 2 credit cards, or using a coupon would result in us being forced to leave a 25% gratuity!The service didn't warrant a 25% gratuity and we found this behavior extremely unprofessional. We will not visit this restaurant again and I would warn others away too unless you want to be hit with a forced 25% gratuity on your credit card slip!
4	This is very good asian food.  NOT THE BEST, but good.  Their tea was amazing.  If I had 3 wishes, 2 would be to drink that tea everyday and re third would be for more wishes.
3	I paid $12.04 for a Coke and lunch combination of fried rice & jumbo shrimp. For that price, I'm satisfied. The food is good except for my rice being on the dry side. I like the atmosphere. Some Chinese instrumental music would be cool. When I come back, I will try the House Special.
4	Great location and great foodLove to go here with my husband for date night and sit on the covered patio. They have a lot of appetizer choices so sometimes we just order 2 or 3 appetizers and a couple of Lion Stouts. If you are looking for an adventurous beer, give Lion Stout a try. It has a very unique flavor and 8.8% ABV. You'll be feeling pretty good after just one!Egg rolls are very good, crispy but not greasy.
4	Had lunch here with a friend. Service and food was very good.  Sesame chicken, fried rice and vegetables, Took extras home and enjoyed the next day. Enjoyed the patio dining area.
3	Food is okay but has been inconsistent over the years as they've changed ownership and switch around the menu.  I feel like it's overpriced though.  It's okay food quality but at "fine dining" prices.  I wish they were one or the other.  Not a total miss but not my favorite Asian place in town.
3	A nice spot for Asian cuisine inside of Baxter village.  The decor is modern and clean looking.  The food selection is decent without being overwhelming and their prices are reasonable.  I especially love the two for one specialty roll sushi Thursday evenings.  I think the surf & turf is their best roll by far.  The others are okay but I've had better other places.  Their service is satisfactory but it won't below you away. All in all it's worth a visit :-)
