4	Procedurally honest service for the most part. With the exception of one time three years ago when a wheel alignment was done on my car and the tire pressure on all four wheels were at least ten to twelve pounds low (exactly as the car was delivered to them), I've had good experiences with them.I take my car to this Goodyear store about once a year to have a wheel alignment done, as I had purchased tires from them several years back and bought a lifetime warranty on the alignment (which means any time I want another alignment, it is free of charge). They service the car with competency (with that one exception) and are pretty good about doing it quickly.Customer service is VERY STRONG. They document EVERYTHING, which the customer signs off on before any work begins. The staff are polite and caring,especially on the telephone. (Today, someone called on his/her cell phone when I was picking up my vehicle: they were driving on a highway they didn't know which one it was, didn't know which side of town they were on, and wanted directions...and the Bruce Sher employee was the epitome of professionalism and help...even ending the conversation with "I'm sorry, but we don't perform warranty maintanance on Volkswagons". LOL. Stoopit Peeps, and the employee was a TOTAL professional.)In an industry devoid of trust, this is one business that has earned mine (with that one exception).Details ad nauseum: oil change, brake inspection/repairs, tire sales and service (especially for those pesky flat tires that are far too regular for my liking here in Las Vegas). Moderately competitive prices on scheduled maintenance. I drive an American-made car...which helps I guess.
5	Honest work by men working for honest dollars.Excellent service by Adam & Brandon. Do not search any further...Go to Goodyear at the Meadows Mall. No complaints at all. I went in for a brake inspection, thinking I needed brakes (used car w/ 82,xxx, new to me) because my visual inspection...I thought they were worn. Goodyear showed me they weren't and the rotors were fine. I am an educated man and I can fix anything but if you do not have the time/shop/tools/confidence (you are messing with brakes...the  things that STOP your car) then use your brain...or just common sense... and take your car to a professional. Goodyear fixed my coolant system, which had crud throughout, and the thermostat (gasket worn and covered in slimy chunky brown crud) &  bled the brakes, due to moisture (color strip indicator). No extra work needed...up front and honest. Brandon is the manager and knows automobiles as do all of his employees. All certified to the hilt. Usually reviews are written to exact revenge. If one actually takes time to give a positive review....then the place/person/thing deserves it. Go to Goodyear at Meadows Mall.
3	I've used Bruce Shrer's Goodyear at The Meadows Mall several times for oil changes and minor maintenance when I haven't had time to do them myself. The work they have done for me has always been done well, their prices are reasonable and the work has been completed when they said it would be. They normally have coupons in the paper and in mailers for oil changes and brake work that are worth taking advantage of. One big advantage this location has over other repair shops is it proximity to the mall. Instead of sitting in a waiting room you can go shopping.
