4	Louis Vuitton - BellagioOverall 4.5 StarsLV overall gets a 5 star from me.  This location gets some deduction just because it is smaller than some of the other locations. This location is located inside Bellagio.  It is not as big as the 3 stories LV in the City Center Mall at Crystals, but still has plenty of bags to choose from.  If you are looking for a specific bag, I suggest you call in advance to make sure the specific LV has what you are looking for.  The more popular items, like the Galliera GM, are usually out at most stores.Gold Medal - Best Bag Production Silver Medal - Wide selection of handbagsBronze Medal - Superb ServiceYou either love LV and can afford it.  Or you hate them because the bags are so pricey and cannot afford one. Think about this?  If a person that was saying, "I HATE LV" received a free LV bag for xmas, do you think they would turn the bag down and still say," I hate LV and do not want it?"  I think not, right?I love LV and admit to my bag addiction.  Like alcoholism, maybe I need to attend bag-aholics anonymous?  I have been using LV bags for over 11 years and am a true veteran.  Their bags, depending on the line, have a very long life span.  The monogram bags, since they use vachetta leather, age more rapidly than their damier ebene bags which still look new after 10 years. Here is an incident that happened to me many years ago and the reason why I almost mainly purchase LV bags, with the exception of Chanel.  During one of my drunken escapades in Vegas, I fell and my finger landed on a fork. Yes, a FORK.  You read right!  OUCH!! Blood was everywhere!!  I had a LV denim canvas Noelie at that time.  The next day I noticed dry blood on my LV denim canvas Noelie.  I was so sad.  I took my finger nail and scraped my bag.  The dry blood came right off!  It did not absorb into the denim canvas!  LV weaves their canvas so tight that it almost was like water or even blood resistent! LV makes blood resistant bags, believe it or not!!  If blood got on your denim jeans, would the blood absorb or stay right on the surface?  From that day on.  LV has won my vote, for the Best Bag Production! If you can afford the bag, LV has a HUGE selection of bags.  You can get a tote or a clutch or a hobo or a backpack. Like I said if you can afford it, your selection is endless.  The bags range from a tiny canvas pouchette $350 to luggage $3500 or calf leather bags $4300 and many more.  If you have the cash the possibilities are endless here.  So if you have the cash and the possibilities are endless, how can one hate LV?LV has Superb service.  The sales rep wants you to buy buy buy.  They are all over you, asking if you want to see something or try something on.  All the bags comes with duster bags and can be wrapped with the signature brown box and signature brown string in the signature brown LV bag.  Very fancy for any present or gift for yourself!HAPPY LVING!!
5	I had just the best experience ever at this LV location. I liked that it was on the smaller side. This was my first LV purchase and I couldn't have been happier with it.We were greeted immediately by the awesome Jessica who really listened to what i wanted and patiently helped me try on a few options. She was refreshingly helpful and pleasant. She walked us through the monogram process and in a couple of hours I returned to take home my brand new hand bag. I highly recommend you head to this Bellagio location and ask for Jessica. I'm going to fondly remember this experience for years to come - and for a big purchase such as this one I can't believe you'd want it any other way.
5	I am surprised that this place only has 2 reviews. I must say, one of the best, if not the best Louis Vuitton store I've ever visited. I came in knowing exactly what I wanted, and was helped out by Jessica who was more than patient with me as I like to inspect and nit-pick. If I'm going to spend that much at a store, I am going to take my time picking out the perfect one. I came in and was getting an EVA for a friend's birthday, the one that she first pulled out had a bit of sticker stuck to it. She spent the time to try and pick it off which wasn't necessary, but she did anyway. And then when she was having a hard time getting all of it off, she offered to just pull out a bunch of them for me to choose from. Which I must say, is AWESOME! I love that she offered and I didn't have to ask. Not only that, while I was paying, she even offered my friend and I the opportunity to watch the Bellagio Fountain show from their balcony. HOW AWESOME IS THAT?!?! Unfortunately we didn't have the time, so she told us we could come back later to watch it from the balcony if we wanted. If this isnt awesome customer service, I don't know what is. All I have to say is, if you're after more popular pieces, head here, forget the one at Crystals. Especially if you value good customer service.
5	Pure heaven. Fabulous selection and friendly staff. Sadly I decided not to make a purchase, but the staff was still super friendly and engaging nonetheless.
5	Naturally she likes all of the offerings at any LV store. The service is usually good. We've come here a few times, and usually will wait till we can come here to buy any LV products.
5	This is hands down the most helpful LV stand alone store. I still don't understand the policy not to take checks but the staff was extremely helpful and their follow up is straight up stellar.
1	So incredibly furious with this store. Purchased a $800 LV bag. I am not a savvy LV owner. I don't own several, or even know the names of any of them. I bought this purse as a gift for my daughter , when I returned home, I realized she already had it.  I had the purse in my possession for 7 days and I mailed it back...original reciept, tags, flannel pouch...everything.  They said the strap got "wrinkled" in transit, and would not return it!!!! They are mailing it back to me.....I never wore, used, or even had it out of the pouch for more than 30 minutes.  Paid $25 to insure it and mail back for a refund and they said the strap was wrinkled.  I will never shop here again, and will be sure my family doesn't either.Patti Maloof
4	More variety online! But nothing better then getting the one that catches your eye.
5	From the front of this LV boutique it may seem like they don't have the largest selection but they do have tons of merchandise that is not displayed.  (Just ask to see what other merchandise they have that's not on display).While on a trip to Vegas we stopped in here to browse the men's selection and found our associate Ashley impressive to say the least.  Ashely helped with a pouchette and  a unique LV scarf I haven't seen anywhere else.  Keep in mind that this LV store is busy as waves of people came in and out of the store but our associate was so polite and understanding without any sense of attitude.While our purchases were being wrapped and boxed Ashley suggested we take a seat and took drink orders so we enjoyed some bottled water and Diet Coke near the windows so we watched the fountains of Bellagio as close as one could get.  It was an unforgettable experience.Best of all, two weeks after our return we received a personalized letter from our associate thanking us for our purchases as well as contact info should we need any further assistance. So, "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"...
5	They are never out of stock. I don't buy from Costa Mesa mall anymore, I just wait until I go to vegas to make my purchases (cheaper  taxes than ca).Plus... it's the only way I can take my winnings home from vegas.
5	Located inside Bellagio you will find this upscale LV!  My fiance was nice enough to introduce me to this sweet yet expensive addiction.  I was in the market for an every day purse.  And LV was what I had set my eye/heart on.  My BF surprised me and took me to the LV and told me to pick my everyday purse.  I was so excited that I didn't even know where to start.  I knew I wanted an LV purse but didn't know what style.We were greeted by a friendly sales associates, everyone seems pretty friendly in the store.  I knew I wanted a bigger purse that I could use every day.  I also didn't want anything that looked too "fancy" that would require me to dress up every day.  With all of this in mind, the sales associate pulled out 5-6 purses.  And yes, it was hard to make a decision.  Just as expected I had a hard time making a decision, I tried on purse and then another and another. I would look at one purse, the next and the next.  The Sales Associate was very patient.  He even gave me suggestions on what looked good, ok, or not good.  I appreciate and honest associate.    Finally I settled for a purse.  They had us sit in their lobby area while they wrapped it and made it all nice and pretty.  Its a nice touch they offer you a beverage, yes, alcohol included.    I mean its expected, you drop a few hundreds or thousands of dollars you better be getting some top notch service.If you are staying in the hotel they will also deliver your goods to your room.  This store us pretty well stocked and everyone seems to be friendly.
1	I'm officially done purchasing LV products after today! I went in for a repair on a purse and was told that because it had a crack that they could not repair the strap, rendering my purse unusable. It also took several times to even get a semi-logical explanation from the manager. Neither she nor the clerk was capable of explaining why it could not be repaired. The only logical response though would have been that they can try to repair it, but cannot guarantee the repair. Instead, I was told to take it to a local shoe repair shop. Done! I encourage my friends, sorority sisters, family, etc., to be aware that LV does not stand behind their products. Select a different "luxury" bag.
