5	Randyland is quite possibly one of the most unique places to visit in Pittsburgh.  I say this not yet having been to the taxidermy museum in Swissvale (http://www.yelp.com/biz/trundle-manor-swissvale), but am confident each place fills its own niche within the city.  I am not sure how often he opens Randyland to the public, but one fortuitous Sunday we were driving by to share the exterior of this place with a friend and were delighted to see that it was open.  When you walk into Randyland you may be initially overwhelmed by the sheer amount of stuff that surrounds you, but as you take it all in will start to notice that, strangely, it all just fits together.  A few minutes after we entered, Randy, the owner who can best be described as a curious combination of Bob Ross/Willy Wonka/Bob Dylan, came out to greet us and that is when the fun began.  Never have I met an individual who was so genuinely excited to talk to and share something with other people.  A self-proclaimed eccentric, Randy shared with us the history behind the property and spoke passionately about its purpose- a place of self expression where negativity and hate are left at the door- and his hopes for its future.  Randy's goal is to raise enough money to pay off the property and then donate it to a local organization for use as a museum and center for aspiring artists, classes, etc.  Randy claims to not be an "artist", but anyone who takes a tour through Randyland would certainly beg to differ.If you do come to check out Randyland, be prepared to stay for a while.  Not only are there a plethora of painted walls, doors, pots, etc. and hundreds of re-purposed items to look at, but as Randy mentioned an article once noted about him- you ask him a question and are answered with a waterfall.  Not only will Randy share his unique perspective on life, but he will also share a wealth of information about the history of Pittsburgh, particularly the North Side.Words really cannot do justice, so do yourself a favor and head over to the North Side and check it out for yourself.  You can also check out this video, although it is a bit dated and missing some of the updated artwork and projects: http://transitionpgh.org/video/randyland-peaceburgh
5	Owney's Bottomline: Make a trip, enjoy one man's artistic vision and if you are inclined, make a donation to support community arts!Pretty much Randyland is some guy's backyard where he pieces together his artistic visions to create a visually stunning cacophony of wild imagination and color. But to be clear, it is some guys backyard, so don't get angry when you get there and you think "This is some dude's backyard!"I had seen this place on TV years ago and when we passed by it I was like we absolutely have to go. As we got out of the car Randy himself greeted us and talked to us at length about our visit to Pittsburgh, his artistic vision and the origins of Randyland. Randy is a pretty long winded guy and by his own admission can talk your ear off. Normally I'm annoyed by people who talk to much, but his positive outlook on life and enthusiasm for art was infectious. Still, he even says if he is talking too much let him know. I give this place 5-stars because its free, unique and I consider it a special treat to be invited to someone's home, talk to them about how they live and have them share their passion with me. Randyland fits that bill.There is ZERO pressure to donate, but we dropped some cash. We had wasted money on the garbage food at Primanti Brothers, we could donate a little to help the local community make art.
5	another day in paradise!
5	My first time at Randyland was a complete accident. I was visiting the Mattress Factory Museum with my sister and on the way I noticed a large yellow building with a mural painted on the side (Randy's home). After visiting the museum, my sister was in a rush to go home but after a little arguing I convinced her that we needed to explore this colorful mystery house. As we walked up to Randyland, there was Randy talking to two standoffish North Side punks about their band and how he shares a birthday with Mozart and that he thinks music is one of the most special things there is. Even these "too cool" guys couldn't help but smile. I have since been to Randyland several times and never fail to be enlightened and inspired upon leaving. Randyland itself is really just Randy's backyard, full of beautiful little pieces of art. The garden is set up in a way that every person who visits is able to see a unique beauty in what is there. It's hard to explain what it looks like because there is so much going on and it is always changing (as well as always free and always open!) The best times are when Randy himself is there to talk to. Aside from being a brilliant artist, he is such a kind, happy, creative soul and he cannot help but radiate this and pass it along to everyone he speaks with. In fact, his business card is actually called a "Happy Card." The time I spoke to Randy with my sister he said to us, "I want to be like Andrew Carnegie was to the community, but instead of books I want to share dreams and ideas." This review might be more about Randy himself than Radyland but to me they are one in the same--each one would not exist without the other. Randyland is definitely worth paying a visit next time you are in the North Side or are feeling a little down on life! You certainly won't be disappointed.
5	A must see! Fun, quirky, colorful & just plain interesting! I highly recommend going & seeing for yourself...skip The Mattress Factory & head to this colorful spot in the city. We met the artist. A happy talkative man. Very welcoming. Easy going & eager to answer questions. I am happy to have met him.
4	Talk about friendship! I asked my buddy to give me a tour of the city after our sushi dinner because quite frankly we didn't feel like being typical and hanging out at a bar to get drunk. Unfortunately,  Randyland was closed but it was still a sight to behold, I look forward to seeing this place in the future when it's open and warm out!
5	It's a must see! 5 min or so for downtown Pittsburg. Great place for unique photos. It's a garden of art. I had the honor if meeting the talented artist. Very cool guy, full of positive energy. It's a great place to bring family and friends. This place will having u walking out appreciating the simple beauty that life has to offer! Best part, it's Free! But please donate, it's the only way he can keep painting for us!
