5	What a subarashii event!!! That's wonderful for those of you who don't know Japanese. ;) I loved everything about the night, but mostly I love that a Penny is now a four legged elite yelp friend.  It was amazing how much pampering the puppies received. Everything from being welcomed in all the art galleries to treats, treats, and more treats.  It was so much fun watching all the dogs enjoy their special treat of the night....a doggie cupcake.  Penny got to make so many new friends, exactly what the yelp spirit is all about. The whole event wasn't just about the dogs, there was plenty of excitement for the human companions. The art education was very insightful, thanks Lori for showing us how to appreciate art.  The food from Ben and Jacks was delicious and the wines selected paired superbly. Who doesn't enjoy a cupcake from Sprinkles?  The patio setting was perfect for the evening. So much amazing art to enjoy. The live music set the mood beautifully. I felt like a real art connosuer. Thanks Lindsey for bringing a little more culture and variety to the yelp events.
5	Yelper's dogs are as unique as they are! I enjoyed meeting all the pooches and temporary baby-sitting one (until nature called...)While I and my human +1 didn't have a puppy with us, we still had a blast mingling and watching the dogs chow down on dog-friendly Sprinkles cupcakes (just WHAT do they use for the "frosting"?!?!)The human-friendly grub was great as well - macaroni and cheese (none of the kraft from the box crap here!) and some flavorful lemon chicken. Oh, and Sprinkles didn't forget us, either!  I had...3. But they were minis! DONT JUDGE ME!We also got a mini art lesson and there was a dog sketch artist - the drawings were really cool!All in all, a fun kick-off to today's Art Walk.  Thanks Lindsey and all involved!
5	This event was a bad idea! Why? Because now I want a puppy more than ever!!!! lol. I've always wanted a puppy for years now, but have just never gotten one or I just can't decide on one. There were so many cute dogs here last night! Well we started off the night by signing in and I got to take home a Yelp Elite watch! Woo Hoo! I'll definitely be rocking that thing all the time. There was a cute little doggie station where you could've pampered your dogs and spoiled them with some amazing treats. The food was delicious! I really enjoyed the Filet Mignon. It was beyond tender and perfect. The red wine that we washed everything down with went perfectly with it. & For dessert? What's better than Sprinkles cupcakes! Gosh us Elites are just spoiled. =PThe artwork.. everything was beyond beautiful. It was so much fun getting to check out all the amazing artwork with my fellow Yelpers. What a great night!Thank you so much Lindsey for another amazing event! =)
5	I always love yelp events, and getting to bring my four legged friend to share in the fun was icing on the cupcake!  It was a real treat to mingle with yelpers and thier furry friends.
5	Super fun!  Lori Landis was generous enough to let us into her gallery (with food, wine and dogs) and give us a little Art Appreciation 101.  It was nice to hear from the actual artist rather than a curator or art dealer.   Lindsey and Yelp gang had all sorts of treats for the furry friends and their owners.  This was probably the first yelp event where I didn't eat anything (went vegan this month!), but the others said the food was great.  The mini cupcakes from Sprinkles looked yummy and I can honestly say they are the one thing I was sad to skip.   We were hoping to get a sketch of our pup, but the artist pooped out a bit early and wasn't doing anymore sketches after the first 45mins to an hour.  We had  a fun time wandering up and down the streets checking out the other galleries though.  Thanks again to Lindsey for all the hard work ... Fun times!
5	I loved that our 4 legged friends got some Yelp swag.... Our Lucy (Cairn Terrier mix) made out like Angelina Jolie at the Oscars.  It was a nice touch with the Yelp bandana,  Yelp dog bones, frisbees and a Sprinkle pup-cake!  Plus the glam squad aka -Lindsey walking around spritzing the dogs with doggie perfume & cologne.  The pup pampering station was awesome!A Yelp shout out to Lori Landis for hosting a great yappy hour.  Her gallery was absolutely charming and her paintings were so colorful, I really enjoyed them.   The food was absolutely delicious, I really enjoyed the chicken and the mac and cheese was a nice compliment.  Great presentation from Sprinkles.....adorable setup with cupcakes...there were awesome!  After the yappy hour we walked up and down Main St. the galleries were so inviting and obviously dog friendly some had awesome organic treats and H2o bowls everywhere.  It was really fun seeing all the owners with their pets we did make some new friends and shared some pet pictures.  I can't wait to come back.
5	Well, all the four legged and two legged Elites sure had so much fun. My friend assured me her dog crashed the minute he jumped in the car. Based on that review I would say this was a successful event. I wanted to bring my cats but Lindsey said that might get ugly. But seriously, I loved the food, drinks and cupcakes. The art work was amazing. I loved touring all the galleries and chatting with my friends. The Dream Gallery was my second favorite after the host's. My plus one also loved her doggie sketch. Thanks to everyone who made the evening a great success.
5	This was such a fun event! So many yelpers brought their pups and they were all very well behaved.  The poodles, surely had a doggy hang over the next day from all the excitement.  Guinness refuses to take of his yelp bandana... so it's still on! A big thanks to our host for the event, Lori Landis for opening up her studio to us crazy yelpers and our four legged friends. It was a  beautiful spring evening, so it was nice that we could spend time inside and outside during the event.  I didn't try too much of the food since I'm a vegetarian, but the mac and cheese was pretty tasty and as usual the sprinkles cupcakes were delicious.
5	Yelp has  finally gone to the dogs! Yelp's VIP Yappy hour and Artwalk catered to the furry four legged friends and their Art loving owners! Dogs were spoiled with a pampering station and pupcakes that looked so good, I almost grabbed one for myself until I saw one being fed to a dog, oops! Sketches were drawn turning Yelper's beloved best friends into America's top dog models, and the elite treatment didn't end there. The furry friends were given high fashion one of a kind Yelp bandanas to wear, bone treats to eat,and frisbees to fetch. Unfortunately my pup was not in attendance, but she was happy to get the treats and bandana that was big enough to be her favorite new blanket. The yelpers got their share of spoiling too, mac n cheese, amazing Sprinkles cupcakes accompanied by glasses of wine. Thanks to Lori Landis for opening her gallery and sharing her love of art. She asked if we owned any original artwork, other than art drawn with crayons by my kids my answer was unfortunately no. She said art shouldn't be bought because it matches your couch but because it speaks to you and what you enjoy. I had a great evening wandering through the different galleries. I can definitely see some new artwork on my walls in the near future! Thank you Lindsey for an amazing, artistic and pet friendly event!
5	What a cute event!  Huge thanks to Lindsey and Lori Landis for spoiling us!There were happy pups everywhere, stealing the show.  We met some really nice Yelpers, chowed down on some delicious mac n cheese (thanks so much for always having a vegetarian option), and devoured oodles of delicious mini Sprinkles cupcakes.  We washed it down with some lovely wine, all in a little corner of Old Town we hadn't seen before (super cute alley of galleries).  We left covered in Yelp swag (my husband and I had to make sure we got bandanas for our imaginary pups), full, happy and smiling!All in all, a resounding success!!
5	What a fun event! The husband and I got to bring our puppy out to enjoy puppy cupcakes, an inordinate amount of treats, and lots of attention for the pup. Us humans got to enjoy delicious food from Ben and Jack's steakhouse (mac and cheese and steak.... yes please!) and cupcakes from sprinkles while enjoying art and good company. Thank you Lindsey for another great event!
5	It was Yappy hour for sure!This event was pretty sweet, it was cool seeing everyone with their 4 legged pals, the doggies where very pampered stars of the night. There was a primping station where they could doll up, put on some Yelp swag and even get some sweet smelling perfume or cologne.  The pampered pouches even had some dog friendly cupcakes, dog bones and Yelp Frisbees to play with, yes this was there event for sure! But don't worry, for us humans, it was fun time too, we were lucky enough to meet Lori Landis and check out her gallery, there is just something about someone who is living their dream, they have this glow about them and smile when they talk of their passion, Lori also gave us a tip or 2 on how to look at art work and feel if it is speaking to you.The pups weren't the only ones getting some treats, for us we had mac & cheese, lemon chicken and steak from Ben & Jack's steakhouse and I have to say that mac & cheese was delish for me, also some of the cutest cupcakes from Sprinkles to devour too. And I even walked away with a Yelp Watch, yep love me some Yelp Swag.Fun night for sure! Thank you Lori , Yelp and Lindsey for a yappy fun time :)
5	I know my review is a little late but I wanted to share how much fun we had at this event and thanks to everyone for putting the event on. We came here with our two Shih Tzus and had a blast mingling with the other Yelpers dogs. Our dogs loved the special dog cupcakes from Sprinkles, and we of course loved the human too.  Lori Landis was very nice for hosting this event.  Her art work was really cool and she was there the entire time greeting people inside her art gallery.  She was down to earth and answered any questions about her gallery and her art.My favorite part of the event was the food from Ben and Jack's steakhouse.  Wow, all I can say.  The steak was awesome and paired with mac and cheese was heaven.  Best thing was we stayed for a while after the event was over and they offered everyone left to eat the left overs.  I said why not, and ended up getting a plate full of steak and mac.  I really wasn't that hungry but I couldn't help myself and ended up finishing the entire plate!  wow again.  Almost forgot the wine was excellent as well.We ended up getting Yelp watches, and the dogs got bandanas.  I sadly didn't get a yelp frisbees, but I don't think my Shih Tzus are much of frisbee dogs anyways so it didm't matter.lol. After the event was over we ended up walking with our dogs to the art walk.  I had no idea that they had a dog friendly art walk here in the valley?  Again thx to Yelp we found out something new to do.  We had a blast walking with our dogs and meeting even more dog lovers and other dogs all throughout the walk.  Not to mention all there other galleries were open.  What a cool event and great for the galleries to put on such a good event.Again, thx to Lori for opening up my eyes to this part of Scottsdale and thx to the entire Yelp team for a great night!
5	I didn't realize how many Yelpers had dogs. Such a great event  and the perfect weather to go with it.  Scottsdale Artwalk  is the place to be on Thursday.  Lori Landis opened her studio for us and let us enjoy her work.  She explained her artwork and passion to create beautiful things.  Ben an d Jack's Steakhouse provided some lite bites of chicken, steak and mac-n-cheese.  Sprinkles provided cupcakes for everyone, even the dogs.  After a visit at Lori's studio, we go to check out her neighbors and the surrounding studios along the Art Walk.  A big thank you to Lori and the galleries that allowed the Yelpers and their 4-legged friends to visit.  Thanks to Lindsey and Yelp for planning such a nice outing in Old Town.
5	Yelp events are always a great time and this was no exception. Art galleries in Old Town Scottsdale, food, and dogs. There were tons of dogs here, which makes me think we'll bring our animal to the next dog-friendly event that they have. It was great to see everyone with their pets.The food was pretty good- the cupcakes were my favorite part, but the chicken was yummy too. Walking through the galleries there were some interesting pieces but our favorite gallery was one on the other side of the street that didn't seem as involved with the festivities. Thanks to the restaurants and artists for a fun night!
5	Such a fun event! Always love to be able to take our dog Ziggy out and the pup cakes from sprinkles are his favorite treat! Thanks so much yelp and let's get more dog friendly events going!
