4	Furniture is a little bit of mystery to me. I mean, I have some, but I'm always impressed when I see friend's homes so gorgeously decorated with plush and comfy pieces, modern touches and fantastic accessories. When I heard that High Cotton Home was opening, I was more than excited to check it out! The space (previously EQ3) hasn't changed too much inside, so it's still a nice, long store with plenty of walking room and ample space to check out the wares. The furniture is fantastic - accessible and chic. These are the types of pieces I would love to have in my home when I move/redecorate. They're comfy without being worn, modern but not uber trendy and beautifully classic. While you won't find Rooms To Go prices here, these pieces are higher quality so expect to pay a bit more. However, I also saw a smattering of market samples - with sofas in the $1200-$1600 range for really great fabrics and styles. You'll find everything from lamps to dressers to beds to chairs to coffee tables - and each piece is really special and unique. Plus, the owners are incredibly nice people and more than willing to help you find whatever you're looking for to make your house a home. I'm definitely a fan of High Cotton and I imagine many others will be too.
5	I loved this store. Everyone was so friendly and helpful without being an annoying shadow while I wandered around. The furniture is fantastic if you are looking for sleek and modern. The prices ranged from very high end to more reasonably priced items that are market/floor samples. Some of the items have an antique shell with modern and beautiful fabrics. The store is large and well lit so you can really see the fabrics and colors in natural light. This definitely helps in making a decision on fabrics. Rodney, one of the owners, was there to answer any questions and had some great ideas and suggestions without being pushy. I loved talking with him. We already feel like old friends. :)
5	Friendly and Professional Staff!!!  They have a great mixture of styles - Modern and other!  Chad helped me and sent me an email to follow up on a custom request.  Great showroom!  Cool Space!
3	Great pieces that you won't find in any old furniture store - think nailhead bedframes, colorful print ottoman, coffee tables that have the reclaimed furniture look.  The vibe is very clean and coastal living-esque in my opinion.  Definitely not RoomstoGo or Kimbrells prices here - everything I looked at seemed priced high (some seemed overpriced). I can't afford to decorate a whole home here, but it is great place for me to find things to add to my existing pieces.I had to dock a star since they have changed store hours (temporarily?) which required me to take an extra trip!
4	Gorgeous furniture! We bought our couch from high cotton. LeeAnn helped us throughout the entire process. A month or so after we made our purchase, we had button come off of one of the cushions. We called LeeAnn and she sent someone from the store out to our home to fix it for free. Great customer service. We will definitely be back for more when we are in need!
2	What a frustrating experience! I had excellent customer service on three trips to the store. I ordered a custom piece of furniture and immediately realized it would not work for my house. I was told twice my money would be refunded, it still has not been. On multiple calls to the owner, I have been told I will be charged a fee for canceling the order. He has quoted me two different fees stating both are the store policy, but neither of these were listed on any receipts I received. I also have not received any type of refund. Extremely disappointed as the initial impressions of the store were excellent.
2	Unimpressed with their customer service.  Had my first real life "Pretty Woman" experience there.  When I came in looking for throw pillows and asked how much a particular pair was, the clerk answered "expensive." Disappointing, especially since I've been a customer of their sister shops, The Furniture Connector and Southend Trading Co., for years.
1	Very disappointing. First off, furniture took approximately 3 months when quoted 6-8 weeks. Second, there was no mention of a delivery fee upon ordering and when questioned, employee was defensive, condescending, and unhelpful. We did appreciate the delivery fee waiver after asking to speak to the manager as we spent over 5k on our items. Third, employee charged our card twice without authorization and did not inform us that our third item that we ordered was in. We had to find this out through their sister company, Furniture Connector, in which we ordered another item. When we were informed by phone that  these items came in, we arrived to pick up our order at Furniture Connector only to be told we had to call in advance to pick up our items from the "warehouse" which we found out when had to return for another trip due to this that the said warehouse is situated directly behind the Furniture Connector store on the same property. Service was poor and you can go on the Internet and purchase the same items directly from the distributer which we will do in the future even though we prefer to support local businesses.
3	I do like the furniture here.  They have unique pieces that really can make your home stand out and it is definitely expensive but I am usually willing to pay more if it comes with a higher level of service. The customer service I experienced was excellent before I swiped my card, but for after I would knock off two stars.  I purchased a bed and 3 days later their FB page posted a 12% off everything sale so I commented and asked if there was any chance it could apply to my purchase as I had just put a deposit down, and of course on FB they made it sound like they would take care of me but in reality when I called the store as instructed on FB they said nope.  Lol.  I mean that is fine but then why make increase my hope/expectations only to be slammed down.  I would have been less annoyed if they had just said sorry, we cant do that to begin with - why did you ask me to call the store to just be told no??  However, this was a missed opportunity to delight a customer and a happy customer will return while an annoyed customer wont.  I also talked with them when I first went in about how I am furnishing my condo but we might be purchasing a house in the near future so that is a lot of lost potential business for them if I decide to shop elsewhere.  I am definitely treading the annoyed customer line.  A few other annoying points: when you call the store, if the salesperson you worked with isn't there you have to leave a message or call back.  When I called 30 days after my purchase for an update the guy sounded like he was bothered to have to look up my order because my salesperson wasn't there.  Also their business hours on weekdays make it hard for people who work 9-5.  It has been about a month with this review in draft status.  I forgot to finish/publish.  I have one more thing to say.  I usually like supporting local business but I was still annoyed and took my $3000 to restoration hardware to get my dresser and nightstands!  That is all.
