2	Its a good try at a good teriyaki place. I went here twice, figuring that maybe the first time I just came on the wrong day. Sadly enough I feel like I spent way to much money for what I got.For $6.50 I got fried (unseasoned) tofu and rice. That's it. I even had to put on my own teriyaki sauce! I could have made this at home! So the second time I got the tofu stirfry and was suprised to get unseasoned tofu on a bed of cooked cabbage. Not exactly the vegtables I was thinking of.The reasons they do get 2 stars is their service is amazing, their teriyaki sauce is amazing, and the restaurant was clean!PS- I was rather upset though one time I went in on one of their big screen tvs they had some show about "top fights and crashes" it was a tad bit gruesome to see peoples arms break and bones stick out while I was eating my overpriced food.
1	I must say that I thought it was strange that this chain opened in this particular location, as there is a Samurai Sam's and a Panda Express located a mere five minute walk away, but I thought I'd try it anyway.Plainly said, it SUCKED.I ordered the Spicy Chicken Plate with no vegetables, and WOW, I have not tasted such garbage in a long time. I know that it doesn't necessarily take much to make chicken spicy, but they could have been more creative than just pouring syriachi sauce on the meat and stir-frying it. It tasted like that was the ONLY seasoning on the meat. I have to also mention that the white rice was crunchy, and the macaroni salad was so runny it reminded me more of potato salad. Just nasty.For quick Asian eats, check out the aforementioned Panda Express, because even the Samurai Sam's has gone down hill in this area.
1	With such a high tech place they lost my order.  Not that I called in an order, I walked in and was eating there. New place or not, this is basic.  I do see the merit in taking money and not wanting to give the product, but I do believe there are laws against that. Anyhow, as I write this I still haven't received my food. And what is the deal with charging extra for veggies in a teriyaki bowl?  Even before the veggies I think they are charging more than samurai sam's. So, 21 minutes to get my food because they lost my order. Best part, not even an apology. Dark meat was so so, the rice was decent, but I'm not impressed with spending a buck for veggies that are free everywhere else. At sam sam's I get a large,  white meat only? Brown rice and a med drink for 9.60. To get dark meat, white rice and a small drink at "T-Mad" was $9.71. And by the way, to me teriyaki sauce is thick, not thin like soy sauce. The good news is that I will likely go back. The bad news is that it will be btwn 6 and 12 months as my "boycott" so to speak of this experience. If the food and service get better I will increase my rating. Until then...
5	I was in town on a business trip and decided to give this place a try.  I was extremely surprised at the quality and taste of their food.  Since i was with a group, we decided to order many different items so we could have a bit of everything.  The chicken katsu was awesome with thick slices of white meat chicken with an awesome non-greasy panko breading fried to perfection.  The grilled chicken was tasty with a nice char-grilled flavor.  Gyoza...awesome.  They used the thin sheets of dough to wrap them with as opposed to many other guys who will use the chinese pot sticker wrapper instead which is way too thick and very "un-Japanese".  Vegetables--cooked to perfection with a nice crunch to them.  As far as the restaurant itself, very clean, bright colors nice layout with seating outside.  Needless to say, this place is awesome  and i'll definitely be back next time i'm in town.
1	OK, I know the last time I reviewed I said I wouldn't come back for at least 6 mos. I changed my mind. WISH I HADN'T! Anyhow, I ordered at 1:22 according to the receipt. $11.22 for a beef plate w/vegis and a small drink. Got my drink and sat down. Maybe 5 min later someone yelled my name. A couple that had been there longer than me responded and left with their order. 3 or 4 min later the girl that took my order called my name and verified my order. That would have been great except I didn't order a spicy chicken bowl. Even if it was mine I'm not sure I would have taken it. The way she was carrying it in the bag was the same way you might carry a book under your arm. If it were a bowl of soup, the bowl would be empty. I told the girl that the other couple with the same name probably has the wrong order. She kind of sighed, set the wrong order on the counter and looked like she was going to get my order. Maybe 5 min later she looked at me to confirm what I had and was finally going to try and fix it. By that time I told her to forget it and give me my money back. Too bad because I really wanted teriyaki today to. And most of all I wanted this place to be good. I have to bet that whoever is throwing money at this place wondering why it's doing so poorly has no clue. Continual screw ups like this really make it seem like this "T Mad" takes customers for granted. "Fool me once...". Departed the premises at 1:36.  OH, THE RECEIPTS HAVE NUMBERS, USE THEM!!!!!!
4	Great food when the mood for Teriyaki hits you.The basic beef teriyaki is sliced thin and in a generous portion.  Very flavorful with a good balance of the teriyaki flavor without drowning out the meat which is always nice and lean served on top of a bed of rice.The gyzoa is delicious and comes with a delightful sauce to dip it into if you are so inclined, but its plenty good on its own.  A very good appetizer choice.A good place to pick up a quick dinner.
4	I don't know how this place has bad reviews! I liked it! I've been here 2x.I came here on a recommendation of a few friends and because I had a Groupon, $10 for $20. They will take it directly from your phone.I ordered the 2 meat combo, about $8. Teriyaki chicken and beef were soooo good! My boyfriend really liked spicy chicken. It was delish! Did I mention they have unlimited teriyaki sauce? Yum-o!
5	AMAZING FOOOD!& love the fact that the teriyaki sauce is endless.
4	Chicken Katsu was awesome!Yakisoba was goodTeriyaki Chicken was yummy!Macaroni not so good:(. Has no taste to it.
3	It is what it is flavored grilled meat with rice and I added veggies. The Mac salad something is missing not the one I'm used to.
5	Looking forward in coming here again. Delicious food with good size portions.  Friendly customer service and quick serving of food. Thank you!
1	Thought it was going to be good, but ended up disappointed.  It was expensive as well.  I had a teriyaki bowl.  They charged me an extra dollar for vegetables, really!  Also got charged an extra dollar for white meat.   Other local teriyaki joints don't charge for those things and they are better.  I will never go back or recommend this place.
5	I love the spicy chicken teriyaki low carb plate. It's a different take on Japanese food. The vegetables very good w the cabbage. Try it!  The yokisaba and the regular chicken teriyaki plates are very good as well.  Good quality ingredients and it shows in the final product.  Yummy!
3	I like this place . Clean.  Fast and friendly service. The food is good and theprices are fair for what you get. I was there before the lunch rush, so I can't speakfor how the staff works under pressure, but I'll definitely come back here.3 stars for some tasty teriyaki, and fast friendly service.
4	Quick in and out of this place.Consistent with the other two locations I reviewed. My sister and I got the 1/2 spicy chicken, 1/2 chicken katsu combination plate with brown rice and an extra katsu sauce for the both of us.They took a while to get it going, but the food came out fresh and hot.
5	Outstanding food, outstanding service. Love the place as a whole. Worth the money
4	Teriyaki Madness has become my random go-to restaurant for Chicken Katsu and they do an amazing job with it. It's always crispy and flavorful and the sauce is the perfect combination of sweet and flavorful. The service is quick and friendly, and the prices are reasonable for a place that is half resturant/half fast food.
2	I just ordered the chicken/beef combo after my gym workout. I waited fiteen good minutes until I went to the counter to say "I'm about to faint" The girl walked into the kitchen to find my meal just sitting on the counter. I even tipped her a dollar! Which I thought about asking for her to return! She didn't apologize and only said "Thank You" after I stood in the doorway to leave for 5 seconds. I appreciate happy customer service skills...and If I tip, I expect efficient service.Besides this, the beef tasted like beef jerky...good flavor but WAYYYYY over-cooked
5	Loved the food today...they cooked just as I asked. Very friendly too. Yummy good ;)
2	Been a fan for years... ever since there first location. Been to multiple TM locations & almost always good service & great food.Recently I went to the Lake Mead location & not only was the service not that great(counter girl) but the food portion was not the same as all the other stores. I thought this was a one time thing til I went back & the EXACT SAME interaction & food portion happened. This really sucks cause its the closest one to my house.( the 2 stars is just for this location...won't be going there anytime soon)
4	The food was fantastic!  The cashiers were friendly.  The only reason I'm not giving five stars is because it took some time to get my order although they were very busy!  I understand to a point as they cook everything fresh to order.  Next time I will call in my order.  Love the spicy chicken and chicken teriyaki.
4	I love this place! I always get the teriyaki chicken breast and chicken katsu plate with brown rice. I personally don't like chicken fat, so I really like how they have the option of ordering all white-meat chicken breast. Their teriyaki sauce is delicious and they there's a whole bottle of sauce at every table. Their Katsu sauce isn't that great but I'll eat it anyway. They have so many healthy food options, so this is a great place for a tasty and nutritious meal. It does take a while to wait for your food (around 5-10 mins), but it's always fresh so I don't mind waiting. The worst part about this place is that it can get pretty pricey (~$10 for a 2-entree plate), plus they charge you extra for brown rice.
5	T-MAD.  Don't be MAD at it...embrace it!  I love this place and yesterday I went way out of my way to curb my craving...sometimes you just gotta do it.  It was quite worth the drive.  I don't usually visit this location because I'm a Centennial girl and frequent that location but I've been to this one a couple time before.  This one seems a little older and not as freshly decorated and modern as the one in Centennial.Upon entering the place was pretty busy as it was like 1:30 in the afternoon.  There was a cute young girl at the front ready to take my order.  I ordered the chicken breast plate extra spicy with a side of the mac salad....my usual and full intentions on make 2 meals out of it.  The "plates" are huge and I would never order it if I didn't have intentions on having leftovers.  I would just order the bowl and even the bowl is big.  A lot of the reviews I've read rave about ordering your food spicy.  It really is so good if you like spicy.  I wouldn't want it any other way.  I believe you can order any of their dishes spicy for an additional charge.  Do it!  Occasionally I will change it up and order the steak yakisoba which has such an amazing flavor.  You cant go wrong with that either.While I was waiting on my food to be prepared the girl who took my order took full advantage of in between customers to clean tables.  She was all over it.  I love hard workers especially young people.  Nice to see. As she brought my order out to me I asked her if there was some Sriracha packets and fully expecting her to point me in the right direction she said to wait a second and she would get me some.  I don't know why stuff like that suprises me!  Probably because we live in such a lazy world!  Funny but not funny.   Anyways great customer service.   I like it.  I ordered my lunch to go and could barely wait to get back to the office.  It was great-as always.  Yummay!  ...and I have leftovers for today!  Score!  =)
5	AMAZING! Yum-o. Best orange chicken I have ever had in my life. I highly recommend this to EVERYONE.
4	I like this place. I've been here twice for togos and the food tastes great. I got the teriyaki bowl and chicken katsu/chicken teriyaki plate. My boyfriend really likes this place and their sauce is one of the better ones. I received a coupon in the mail for a Buy one get one free entree so keep your eyes out for it.
2	It was ok food.  Grabbed a bowl of spicy chicken for lunch with veggies and brown rice came up to 9$ which is pretty pricey for lunch.  The spicy chicken was good but I felt the after effects of eating MSG.  I wouldn't eat here again because I dont like that sleepy feeling during work.
5	Teriyaki Madness is a great place to get a fast and yummy lunch or snack. I had the teriyaki chicken bowl with rice. Very simple, yet very good. Also, keep an eye out for the coupon mailings, it was buy one get one free! One extra plus: they have Pepsi products, so I could enjoy my delicious Mt. Dew!
5	The food was fresh and delicious. Staff was polite, friendly and attentive. Very clean and well kept. The teriyaki sauce on the tables go great w anything. I definitely recommend an egg roll as a starter.
5	Good customer service and good food. I have the low carb meal on occasion. It's affordable, convenient and somewhat low-calorie ( in comparison to other fast food places). The main thing that sells me about this place, is that the staff is always friendly and ready to take care of your order. Simple and convenient...I recommend this place.
3	They did a much better job this time. My food came out relatively quick and it was nice and hot. The spicy chicken has good flavor, but for me at least, it's not very spicy. As I said in my tip, they are charging $1.99 for a 16.9 oz bottle of Kirkland(Costco) water that goes for $0.10 per bottle. I'm not against profit and capitalism, but I just can't justify spending that much for this product. For those of you that are going to tell me how much fountain costs in comparison, you are kind of right. While per serving, the syrup and water are cheap, the cost of the fountain machine and the continual upkeep make it more expensive than you think.
5	Of all the Teriyaki Madness locations I've been too (like 3-4), this has been my favorite. I regular this place on my lunch breaks at work and every single time I've been there, the customer service was awesome. The people behind the counter are friendly and know what to ask you, as well as how to ask it. They also smile, which is a bonus. I hate when I go to food places and see people that look like they want to strangle somebody. Sad days. If there aren't that many people, the transaction from ordering to getting your food is usually super fast and they are always willing to give you more of their delicious teriyaki sauce. I don't know what they put in that stuff, but gosh darn it, it's amazing. It does tend to get busy at around 12-1 p.m. though when most people have lunch. I haven't had anything on their menu that I didn't like, however, I can say, that their gyoza is misleading. It's more like a gyoza shaped eggroll then ACTUAL gyoza. Oh well, the little things. All and all, love this location. The best in my opinion,. If you live on that side of town, go there. Be mad. T-Mad. :3
4	Stopped in yesterday for the first time. Will definitely go back. Had the Teriyaki chicken plate with rice, macaroni salad and added steamed veggies. Also the crab Rangoon. The Teriyaki sauce is practically to die for. OMG. Could eat it with a spoon. Chicken was nice and tender. The veggies were cooked perfectly, still had a bit of bite to them. I put just a touch of the Teriyaki sauce on them too, because I couldn't get enough of it, lol. Crab Rangoon were very tasty. Preferred them plain than with the sauce, they were that good. Only thing I didn't care for was the salad. It was just OK.   Service was very fast and friendly, and everything was correct with our order.
5	I moved here from Seattle 10 years ago and hunted for the perfect teriyaki bowl I could easily find in WA.  Teriyaki Madness is awesome!  Even my kids love it which is amazing in itself.  You can buy their sauce but I can never cook my chicken as moist as theirs.  I true treat.  Definitely helped my homesickness.
4	Went here for dinner and I forgot how good this place was! I got the spicy chicken teriyaki with white rice and it was so so so good! The staff was friendly and really helps you with pairing your food with different choices and sides.
4	Bowls of goodness I like this place. I don't know how to really review the Madness, as it is what it is. Situated in a small section of strip mall that is accessed off West Lake mead heading east.Generally always getting the Teriyaki Chicken bowl with brown rice and vegetables, I have never really had real problems with the service and quality of the food here.I do recommend ordering ahead and walking in and picking up. They are pretty fast serving up!!
5	Perfect quick take out after along day! Always consistent and fast. Love the chicken teriyaki bowl. Also, I love there take out containers to wash and re-use for my lunches ;)
5	Very good teriyaki!  Its clean, ok the quiet side, which I like, and comfortable.  My family and i enjoyed it.  We will definitely be back!!
1	Extremely slow.  Didn't even bring out my order until cashier was questioned about why others who had placed their orders after me got their food first.  Not even an apology given.  The manager of this store seriously needs to do some customer service education for the staff. The Teriyaki Madness on Centennial Center Blvd is much friendlier and faster.
5	Amazing & Delicious...I love the teriyaki bowl with brown rice. It's super filling, and the teriyaki sauce is the best I've had here in Las Vegas.
4	I really love this place its clean, they serve the food fresh & fast  . the food is highly addictive.
5	Getting back into Vegas yesterday and The family and I were starving!! Kisha wanted something healthier, and fast, which as you all know rules out a ton of choices. I jumped on Yelp and found this gem...Teriyaki Madness....where have you been all my life??? I've driven by this place tons of times and never even noticed...I've gotten doughnuts from Pinkbox and never batted an eye...shame on me!!! Yelpers hit it on the head. The food here is awesome!! I ordered the Chicken Katsu, Kisha and Kylie went with Teriyaki Chicken and Chase had the Orange Chicken. You know a place is good when no one touches their phone and all talking ceases for minutes. The Katsu was bomb!!! Super crispy on the outside, and hot, juicy and flavorful. The steed rice and Stir Fry Veggies that came with it were equally awesome. I tried some of the Teriyaki Chicken as well and it was delish. The prices were reasonable and you get what you pay for and then some. Serving size was well worth the $8 and change I paid. Will I become a regular here? Most definitely!
5	My favorite location out of all the ones I've been to. They keep it nice and cool inside during the summer, unlike the one on Maryland and Silverado Ranch (Maybe their AC was broken the time I was at that location). Their spicy chicken bowls are to DIE FOR. Put some extra Sriracha and you have a mouthful of spicy wonderfulness. Veggies always taste nice and fresh and their brown rice is delish also. Servings are HUGE. I can order a bowl and eat it for lunch and dinner. They also have options for the little ones in terms of smaller sized plain bowls.
5	Great food, and great service. I could eat here every day and not get tired of it. Their teriyaki sauce is bomb. Once you try it your addicted.
5	Finally, stopped in late Sunday afternoon,Great food, nice portions, at a good price along with fast & friendly service.  TV for watching football, etc.  Spicy Chicken Teriyaki bowl is a winner...comes with cabbage, zucchini, carrots, and broccoli...can get all or only some.  I went with cabbage and broccoli, skipping the zucchini and carrots.Will repeat often, for sure.
3	Good solid teriyaki chicken bowls.  Nice portions, fresh veggies, and juicy chicken.  It's definitely a step up form Panda Express :) Only complaint is that for a semi-fast food place, it's kinda slow.I'll have to try the spicy chicken next time!
4	Food is fresh tasty and fast.  And pretty healthy, the service is great our food is alway hot and fresh. I love this place and highly recommend it.
4	Love the food! Tasty and fresh. I used to get excited about the ice but they went to regular cubes so couldn't give the full five stars.
5	We've eaten here many times and definitely prefer it over the Samurai Sam's across the street. They are always so friendly and the food is fresh and yummy.
