5	I went to Peter Piper Pizza tonight to celebrate my daughter's 5th birthday! It is a great place for kids to have fun. Being a former employee of PPP I know that we could have had reservations for her birthday and had a party representative help with everything. Unfortunately, this was just a small family celebration. So I ordered the big family meal deal which consisted of two large pizzas and an order of wings. The pizza is always delicious to me, it is not greasy like some of the pizza places out there. We forgot to bring a lighter for the birthday candle so they had one on hand for us to borrow. Needless to say this is a place that the kids love. They can eat great pizza & play which is all kids worry about.
3	The pizza is barely palatable.  They have a great price on the lunch buffet though and I really enjoy the Asian Salad (only available every other week).
5	Cardboard crust?  CHECK.Sugary pizza sauce?  CHECK.Screaming kids everywhere?  CHECK.I give Peter Piper Pizza 5 stars because I was once a screaming kid.  My parents would bring me here for my birthday and I would bounce with excitement.  I ate the pizza and seriously thought to myself, "It doesn't get any better than this."  My mom stacked the quarters on the table and I played midget skee-ball until I felt like I tore my rotator cuff.  The incessant dingdingdinging of the games grated my parents, but put me into a zen-like trance.  Sort of like old women at a casino.  Peter Piper Pizza was the stuff dreams were made of.Now, I think it sucks.  But I'll be damned if I don't take my future kids there when I want them to stop bugging me for an hour.  Come and find me in a few years.  I'll be at the table, a stack of quarters in front of me and a big pitcher of beer in my hand.
4	For the child in me, pure nirvana!  For the parent in me, reminiscing joy!  We took part in the pizza and token fest for a playday!Our hungry group tried the Family Fall special, large 1 topping pizza, bread-stix and 40 tokens. We added drinks and 100 more token, glad we did!  The pizza was average, not bad, but not gourmet. Of course if I wanted gourmet, we wouldn't be here with video games. The bread-stix were surprisingly good. They didn't stand a chance among the parents and kids!What can I say about the games!  Another reviewer said they created a zen-like trance, I agree! Our kids scream and run and totally enjoy themselves. That's the real rating for an establishment like this, right?  If your kids enjoy it and you can leave smiling, it was a good night!
4	I love Peter Piper Pizza!No, Im not some 10 year old kid who's a pizza fanatic and this is the best in town.  By all means this is not your gourmet pizza, but hey.. you get what you pay for and for experience, I love it.I love the pizza here because it's simple crap pizza.. by crap pizza, I mean its fun, not fancy, and just basic thrown together sauce, cheese and toppings goodness.  I like their crust actually..  Weird I know..I do wish their pizza's werent so much.  They used to be around $5.99 for a large pepperoni.  Prices seem to have gone up.If you bring the kids, this location is a very cool place.  Tons of games and fun for the kids.  My friends daughter had lost her ticket coupon that showed she'd won 190 coupons.  They still gave her the gifts for it!  how cool is that?My only complaint was the women handing out the pizzas got into a coughing fit as she was handling the pizzas.  Though she covered herself up, it still gave me the heebie geebies.  I'll come back here.  We all had a blast here.
1	When you want to spend $4.99 on a Lunch Buffet All-You-Can-Eat Pizza, Salad, Breadsticks and Dessert | Served Mon.-Fri. 11am to 2pm.. I guess this is the deal for you.
5	5 stars- mind you this is Peter Piper Pizza. The same pizza for like 30 years.This rating is for the service.Saturday I held an impromptu birthday party (group of 8 adults, 1 crazy kid and 3 infants) as my litte adhd turned 2.I showed up at 3:15pm on a Saturday, the noon birthday rush was gone and the tables were in the process of being cleaned. I asked a young girl if I could grab up a group of 3 tables that had yet to be cleaned. She wasn't a huffy "oh you're such a pain" employee, she was pleasant and helpful. The employee said no problem, and  as I started to clean the tables she came over and started cleaning them for me. She pulled chairs and wiped them too. She gave me a napkin dispenser and shakers of cheese and peppers. She took my cake to their fridge and then asked if I needed anything else. Thank you PPP, give that girl a raise.
3	Always packed to the walls on the weekends so plan accordingly. As usual, no gourmet pizza here of course but I still love coming here because they make a super tasty pizza! It reminds me of my childhood.
3	No officer I am here for the pizza I swear. I am writing a review for Peter Piper Pizza?!? Have I lost my mind? Perhaps but that has nothing to do with it. We got coupons at work to entice us to try their new All You Can Eat Lunch Buffet. I took the free one. I won't turn down free food. None of my coworkers were willing to come with me. I think this place has got a bad rap for screaming kids and bad pizza. It was lunch time so there were not any kids. Well maybe 3 kids. There were a few other adults there for the buffet which runs Mon - Fri 11am to 2pm. It is normally $5.50 per person but I had the free coupon.Now the place was nice enough. Clean. Not too many video games. Just win ticket games. All kids want to do is win tickets to get crap that is shoved in the back of the closet after the first day but they just have to have it right then. They did have skeeball, air hockey and Pac Man. So that is at least something.The selection on the buffet line was not to extensive. Three different salads and about 8 to 10 different pizzas with bread sticks and cinnamon dessert pizza. But the pizza was not too bad. It wasn't good either but better than some other chain delivery places. The dessert pizza was pretty good too. When I went back a second time for a few more slices they had a few pies that were fresh out of the oven and they were a little better. Pretty good piping hot out of the oven.Would I go back again and pay $5? Possibly. For all you can eat for $5 plus $2 for a drink it wasn't bad. Plus they had Coke Zero so extra points for that. Would any of my coworkers go with me? No. Too much of a reputation for bad pizza and screaming kids. They wouldn't believe me when I said it wasn't that bad. Would it be my first choice? Probably not but I might just come back at some point.It is not the best pizza ever but it was better than I thought it would be. Better than some. It was quick and easy and I was back at work in plenty of time. For $5 I might go again at some point when I am craving all you can eat pizza. Give it a try. Don't just dismiss it based on face value and preconceived notions. If you don't like it you are only out $5.
4	While the pizza was terribly bad the staff was extremely nice and it was super clean!! :)
4	Veggie pizza is the best. And not just by peter piper pizza standards. I really think its good in general for cheap pizza. Most of the games are only 1 token, some are 2 or more. Fun place and great for kids. Really big seating area food for parties, families, groups, sync. Some booth seating around the perimeter of the dining area. My brother broke his whoopie cushion that he had just exchanged for tickets. The employee didn't hesitate to replace it. That was nice.
