4	OK, after reading Doctor J's review, I just HAD to check it out! I'm doing a temp job at Yelp's Scottsdale office, and this is not far from it. Of course, when I needed to find a store, I used Yelp! From the map, I thought the Circle K would be facing Camelback, but it actually faces Miller Rd. The "strip" mall is really a big "L" shape, and the dirt lot & Circle K are in the corner that's left over when the mall was built. I can see why it would look creepy ... it's an old location, and the bricks & tile are stained. They only get a certain amount each month for repairs, and "paint job" is included in that. So why four stars? It was CLEAN! There was only one employee working, but the place was spotless, even the fountain and hot dog areas. It looks like a few shelving units have been removed, so it might be getting ready for a major remodeling. If so, it should be much less creepy afterward!
4	I guess I could write a review for Circle K. This is usually my local liquor store. I buy all my pre-party booze and beer here. It's fairly cheap. The people that manage this store are always friendly and helpful. They know their liquor selection...always a big plus. And they run specials on certain brands from time to time, but then again...don't most liquor stores?I have a water cooler at my house, and use their water machine to refill my water bottles. It's the cheapest in the area--$1.00 for 5 Gallons. Score.Hmm. I wish I had more to say. Lamest review ever? Possibly. Oh well. Deal with it. Hopefully you will FUC it. :)
1	Unfortunately, I wish I could not give any stars. I go to the Circle K on Miller & Camelback. Place looks fairly clean, but TERRIBLE customer service, the employees are always frowning and never look happy. They also have a habit of not welcoming you in the doorway nor do they say "Have a nice day." I have never seen them out on the floor doing anything, they just sit behind the counter moping and looking miserable. There is also a girl there who took my ID and would NOT stop asking how old I was! I was so irritated by her ignorance. Unfortunately it's the closest Circle K I can go to get things considering I have no vehicle. Seriously, get some new employees! I hate going there!!
4	This is a very unique gas station they do carry liquor but it is difficult to get in and out of and the employees always seem a little out of it over all a good place to stop just wish they had gas pumps
