2	I visited this location recently hoping after being so long after my last visit that things would change but unfortunately everything still remains the same, the food is still okay and the service is decent.
3	I personally did not have any problems with the service myself, but I did notice a few people around me who had been waiting for their meals for longer than they'd expected. Our waiter was friendly and attentive, and I felt our food was served in a timely manner.As a drink, I ordered the Blue Raspberry and it was delicious. I admired their diverse selection of drinks and smoothies! I would have liked to try them all.I had the Steak and Lobster meal with a side of baked potato and fries. It was good, though I would have liked to know beforehand that the seasoning on the lobster was going to be a little spicy (not a fan of spicy dishes). The steak was cooked just the way I like it and the baked potato was very good, as well. I didn't enjoy the seasoning on the fries too much.My husband ordered the half-rack of ribs with fries and bottomless shrimp. He enjoyed the taste of the ribs themselves but not so much the sauce used. We both thought the shrimp were very tasty, but each helping was served in very small portions of maybe 5 or 6 shrimp, so we had to keep flagging down the waiter if we wanted more.All in all, the food was alright, but I don't think it was worth the price. The specialty drinks we ordered were $3.75 each (plus refills), my dish cost $18.99, and his cost $20.99... Thank goodness for gift cards! Probably won't be coming back here without those.
4	Southwestern burger was nice. Service good. GM John Easter is the man. Good job bro.
4	Gave it 4 stars because of server-Bill.  He seemed genuinely interested in making sure everyone was happy with their meals.Also, I like the fact you can do half french fries half sweet potato fries. I ordered the New York Burger. There's some really sweet chow chow on there.  Word to the wise it tastes better when there's a sufficient amount of dill pickles to counteract the sweetness.
2	Still disappointing after all these years. The service was good, but the music was lousy and the food is still waay over-priced (the Jack Ribs were good, but not that good).For this kind of money ($90+) I'd much rather go to Red Lobster, it's much more enjoyable.
5	I haven't been to a TGIF's in years until recently and boy was I shocked!!  So was my husband.  The food is amazing!!.  Seriously they have Chefs back there and they definately know how to cook.  My husband hates salmon but at this TGIF's it comes out perfect everytime.  Even better then the salmon we have received at resaraunts in CAlifornia.  We are sooo happy to be loyal customers of TGIF's of Superstition Springs.  The Bartenders are amazing too.  Drink specials are the bomb
3	We ate dinner as a family at this location last night being the first time we have returned to this location in several years.  We tend to skip dining here as the food is very corporate like and the prices are generally a little high for the type of food presented.Our server, dressed as a vampire, was really nice and funny.  He seemed a little upset that we didn't order drinks and announced, "Water all around"-kinda embarassing but we were going to the theatre after dinner to enjoy soda and popcorn.  He promptly brought us free chips and salsa, a benefit of being a "Stripes Member" of their loyalty plan-very nice touch I might add.  Orders were taken promptly with our server making great suggestions since the menu changes frequently.  Food arrived quickly and was hot.Meals:  Chicken strips were average chicken strips, can't do too much to ruin them except on both plates, the sauce had tipped over causing the sauce to spill onto our food.  Parmesan steak fries are super good but need a little more sauce on all the potatoes to make this a winning dish.  Jack Daniel's burger was a hit, with the addition of bleu cheese as recommended by our sever.  Husband really enjoyed Korean Steak Tacos, he said they were nice and spicy and he is pretty picky about spice.The check came out correct and promptly and we were thanked by the server and the hostess as well as the manager himself.  They had candy available as it was Halloween and offered it to all the guests, nice touch!  I would possibly return in the future if we had some type of coupon or promotion to draw me in.  Overall, food is average but the price is high for frozen, premade foods.  Service was good.
4	I come here about once a month. I came on thanksgiving also! the staff is ok on the friendly factor. The food is always the way you expect it. If they mess up the food they make it right! Love the 2 for 20 deal. The Jack Daniels Whiskey Cake is amazing!
1	This has always been a favorite place and we eat here at least 3 times a month! But-just returned to the valley and headed there for our Sunday night dinner--- and they were CLOSED! Why--what is going on? We will miss this place!
3	TGI Friday's is not as good anymore as I used to think it was when I was younger. Their burgers and other entrees are alright, but nothing special and overpriced because of that. It is not too surprising that several locations have gone out of business (this one included).However, one thing I did really enjoy on my trips was their brownie. That was amazing, and we had sometimes just decided to get dinner elsewhere and come here for dessert. If there is one thing I will miss it will be that!
