1	This location blows!  From the smug attitude of many of the associates to the downright ineffectiveness of the work they pretend to be doing.  It really is awful.  Unfortunately, this location is the closest to my house.
5	Great service today.  Popped in to get a new phone and the whole process took under 25 mins.  Yosef and Leslie were very friendly and answered any and all questions.  They didn't pressure me and were understanding when I didn't fall for the mandatory overpriced accessory upsell.  Overall, great experience.  Cheers to Yosef and Leslie for great service.
5	I canceled my plan two years ago cause i was so fed up with Verizons B.S and my boss made me switch back and omg this location has improved soooo much they went above and beyond to help me out and i LOVE my droid razor maxx its amazing and the sales girl Krista was so helpful. And i asked her to not worry about switching my contacts over cause i had 1000+ contacts and all of them were mostly copies and she somehow fixed it when the Val vista one couldnt and i didnt get to say thanks so much. Alma school Verizon hooked me up today. Thanks so much!
4	I just stopped in to pay my bill for internet service on the iPad.  The first time I walked in I was greeted with a big smile and told it would be just a minute.  That guy left and didn't come back.  I waited a reasonable amount of time, then left to run into Kinkos next door, my real reason to be in this center, to use their monster paper cutter. Then I popped into Sprint on the other side to ask a couple questions.  I came back in here where I was again greeted cheerfully except this time I was helped right away by a different rep.  The young man couldn't have been more pleasant or efficient.  Unlike the Verizon store near where I live in San Diego, there was no hardcore, high pressure sales pitch to fend off.  Thank you guys, I appreciate just being able to take care of business and head on out.  Minus one star for the guy who abandoned me and plus four for the guy who treated me like the good customer I am.
1	I had a horrible experience at this store because of Michael, a deceitful and/or Incompetent Sales associate. Bottom line: I asked a clear question, and was given a clear answer. The problem is the answer he gave me is different than Verizon's actual policy. I took his word for truth and ended up with something completely different than what I was told I was signing up for. Take caution when dealing with these people, the manager Josh took no responsibility for his sales associates mistake and said tough luck, I can't/won't work to fix the problem.
1	My experience here was 100% AWFUL. Was here for 2 hours to separate myself from a family plan. Nobody greeted us, it took at least 10 mins for someone to put us on the wait list. When I finally got to deal with the sales rep, I was very specific about what I wanted because I had already talked to someone at another location, but Zachary tried to upsell me too much. I sounded like a broken record repeating what I wanted to do. And each time I declined the extras he would reply with "okaaay, whyyy" and "if you're going to buy this stuff somewhere else just tell me," NO! I don't want it!! I know he was doing his job, but Jesus. This is THE worst verizon location, I will not be coming back and don't recommend you waste your time here.
5	Super helpful friendly staff here!  I was on hold with Verizon dealing with an issue that took so long, I decided to find the closest actual physical Verizon store and found this one.  Drove 20 minutes here and was helped and greeted immediately and they totally resolved my issue.  Didn't catch the name of the associate who helped me but I took this action shot of him in action that's posted here :)
5	My experience at this Verizon location was quick, easy, and fun! Not the words I would normally associate with Verizon stores. I worked with a spunky dude named James! He was so helpful in getting me the right iPhone and accessories for my birthday! He was informative and not pushy at all! I would return to this location just to work with this extremely helpful, knowledgeable, and friendly sales associate! Party on!
