4	Noodles & Company is a chain restaurant, yes, but as far as I'm concerned it's a welcome addition to the available array of Oakland eateries.  It's kind of like Chipotle for noodles--you pick from a menu that has menu noodle dishes that fall into American, Asian, or Mediterranean categories.  I have tried a couple different things here and so far everything has been pretty good.  The Penne Rosa is definitely my favorite!  The only downside is that the restaurant is ALWAYS packed and pretty loud--but things move quickly, even so.  If you're in Oakland and feel like you've tried everything around, stop here.  You won't be sorry!
2	My friend and I decided to try this place ever since it opened and we finally did. It was a major disappointment.I originally decided to give this place one star which I've never done on any other restaurants, however, I changed my mind to 1.5 and rounded up to 2-star thinking I might was being a little too harsh on it.I had a salad which I do not remember the name of but it sucked... Looking out the window and seeing Panera across the street, I couldn't help but only comparing these 2 places.My friend ordered some kind of pan-fried noodle and it was pan-burnt.I will never go back to this place to eat.
3	After a long weekend of traveling, I was treated to a meal at Noodles & Company. Upon inspection of their menu, I was surprised to see that there were not a lot of soup based noodles but finally settled on the Japanese pan noodle dish. It came out quickly and was delicious, especially after adding some saracha. My only con about the dish was that the sprouts were not cooked but placed on top raw. The kitchen is in back of the cashiers which is nice so you can kind of see what is happening and this is a seat yourself place. I like there are some high tables and low tables for which you can sit at and the service was friendly. There was a homeless man who wandered into the store asking for money at each of the tables but one of the workers stepped in to ask the man to leave, made sure that the homeless man left and then apologized to the patrons which I thought was handled very nicely. There were quite a few people eating at this establishment at about 8pm on a Sunday. I think I will go back and try a pasta dish.
3	eOn my first visit I tried the Japanese pan noodles with shrimp and made it a triple combo with a small bowl of the thai curry soup.  The thai curry soup was actually quite delicious with pieces of spinach, mushrooms and carrots but the noodles were a little undercooked making them hard and almost unpalatable.  The pan noodle in the small portion is quite small and the sauce was good (super salty!!) but but the noodles were on the dry side.  The shrimp were a little gross, they weren't fresh and had the weird taste that cheap frozen shrimp have.  There were about 6 small shrimp in the dish. On my second visit I ordered the pad thai and was completely disappointed.  There were barely any pieces of egg and what was in the dish were dried precooked pieces of egg that were thrown in when the dish was assembled.  This place is unique in that it offers many different types of pasta and noodle dishes but it is far from authentic when it comes to the Asian choices from what I've tried so far.  The novelty of this place has caught Oakand's attention as this place is constantly busy and always has a line during peak times.  It is convenient and relatively fast and the prices are on par with the panera across the street.  But I highly recommend that Pitt students and others take their money to the numerous small businesses in Oakland.  Noodles & Company is a chain that tries to grasp authenticity but never quite makes it there.  I suggest Lulu's noodles on Craig street for pad thai, their scrambled eggs for the pad thai are made to order and not scant in quantity like in N&C's meager and almost pitiful dish.  I looked on their website and they do offer a free meal to people who sign up for their email list on their birthday, I signed up as my birthday is in a few days.  I find that I will probably frequent this place more than I honestly wish to.  I gave this chain three stars for the convenience, speed and overall package of this place; at least its not another mcdonalds.
3	Noodles & Co offers quick service and reasonably priced, competently prepared noodle dishes. Good option for someone who wants a meal of decent quality with not enough time or money for a casual restaurant (unless you're craving Asian noodles, but more on that later).The noodles taste fairly fresh and are all cooked to a nice al dente, a rarity in Oakland's mass of mushy noodles. The Italian and American offerings are all fairly satisfying, albeit lackluster. The dishes don't knock you away with bold, exciting flavors, but it's decent comfort food.Steer clear of the Asian noodle plates. Seriously. Not only is this section of the menu awkward, but a quick stroll to similarly priced Taiwan Cafe, Szechuan Express, Burma Tokyo, or Spice Island Tea House will get you far superior Asian noodles (be they Thai, Indonesian, Chinese, or what have you).
2	Noodles are too salty, not delicious  at all, their Japanese pan noodle isnt Japanese style at all, it is just Americanized salty and sweety noodle. Never try this place again
4	The place is convenient, reasonably priced, and pretty good food.  I've come here a number of times for lunch with colleagues, as it is a nicer sit-down place not too far from campus--it's clean, spacious enough, and comfortable.   The menu consists of several noodle options--American (Mac, spaghetti & meatballs), Asian (Japanese pan noodles, pad thai, bangkok curry), and Mediterranean (Italian pasta) and several salad and sandwich options.  All the meals are vegetarian by default with small (about $4.50) and regular (about $5.50), though you can add meat (chicken, steak, shrimp, meatballs) or tofu for about an additional $2.50.  I recommend the noodle options--after all, it is called Noodles & Co.
1	The very basic of every restaurant is to serve delicious foods. I had tried all Asian noodles and their basics are awful. At least, if you want to have Asian noodles, please consider other places.
3	They have good noodle dishes, the price is just a bit high. I prefer Lulu's Noodles on Craig street (better food and prices and more choices). Gets really crowded at lunch.
2	This place is decent. The service is good and fast, but the food is not great. It's edible, but not good enough for me to go back a second time. I had the Pad Thai and added chicken, which cost me an extra $3. The chicken turned out to be fake and the noodles gummy. I would really not recommend.
3	I've been meaning to try this place for awhile now and tonight i had my chance. I have been hearing great things about it but i didn't want to buy into the new - lunchbreak - eats hype. The interior is clean and brightly lit which is always a plus in my book.  The employees are friendly and efficient, i ordered the bangkok curry, which didn't look like a curry at all but it tasted delicious. The veggies were crisp and the noodles held up nicely to the light sauce. My only problem is the value. I paid almost $9 for tofu, veggies and noodles which would be fine if i had some leftovers for the next day, but that was not the case. I could go to any of the food trucks on Bigelow or at CMU and get the same quality except faster and cheaper with bigger portions.
4	For me, Noodles & Company is a nice change of pace, with a good variety to satisfy most people in your party.  I've been here a couple of times, as well as locations in other cities.I don't disagree, Noodles  may not be the best value for a college student.  Good thing I have a job!  I appreciate the variety offered, with standard American fare (mac and cheese, meatballs) to Asian flare (Japanese noodles, pad thai).  Granted, none of the bowls will astonish you in the taste bud department, but I think it's a nicer option than your other Forbes Ave. choices, such as Chipotle, Primanti's, or Five Guys.
3	This place is pretty good.  They have a variety of different noodle dishes, including those that are Italian or Asian inspired.  Looked like they had some sandwiches and soups too but seemed like most people go for the noodles.  It's definitely not authentic Italian or Asian by any means, but it's good tasty food that has fresh ingredients.  They also try to be creative in some of their combinations--for example, I had the bbq and mac-n-cheese special that also had crispy onions on it and it was very tasty.  Good portions and reasonable prices.  You order up at a counter then they bring it to you, but the servers also come and check on your to see if you need anything and they were all really friendly and fast. Plenty of tables to sit at and was a comfortable atmosphere.
5	I love everything about this noodle place and wish more franchises would open. So you can choose your own pasta (whole wheat, regular and dozens of shapes), sauce, and protein.  Its basically a quick fancy meal that is made the way you like it and most importantly, FRESH.  I loved the steak stroganoff, mac n cheese with pulled pork, and pad thai.  Will be back for more!
3	The beef stroganoff was really good, I highly recommend that one.  The truffle mac and cheese was pretty good... but I am not sure how much I liked it.  It was actually pretty bland.  The truffle was subtle, but the cheese sauce was watered down and very not cheese at all.  It kind of tasted like Kaft mac and cheese with a spritz of truffle oil.  It would be much better if if the sauce were thicker, creamier, and cheesier... and with bacon bits!  I have never been to other Noodles and Company, but the service at this location was very good.  The staff was really nice.  And the take out containers are really cute!
3	They have a good selection of different noodles: spaghetti and meatballs, pad thai, pesto cavatappi, japanese pan noodles. They offer a bunch of variety. The prices are alright, but the portions are slightly on the smaller side, and some of the choices don't include any meat unless you pay extra. Service is quick, and they have a free style coke machine.
2	If you're a young college student with disposable income and haven't yet mastered the application of heat to liquid dihydrogen monoxide until rapid vaporization of the aforementioned substance, then you'll love Noodles & Company.Noodles & Company isn't particularly affordable, and in Oakland, you'll be able to find better Pad Thai or meatballs spaghetti in other establishments within a 3 minute walking radius from Noodles & Company - so I have a tough time understanding the niche this particular franchise seeks to fill. I had the BBQ Pork Mac and Cheese and Tomato Basil Bisque. The mac and cheese, while perfectly acceptable, reminded me of the Kraft variety you'll find in virtually every Freshman dorm. The bisque, also perfectly acceptable, could have been replicated by thickening a canned offering from Campbell's with some sauteed onions and a dash of heavy cream.The service required at Noodles & Company isn't complicated - and consists of a cashier taking your order, line cooks doing their thing and a runner will bring it to your table. Yet somehow the staffed struggled with the orders in our party of eight during a relatively small lunch-crowd. In addition, the runner decided to offer unsolicited commentary on the volume of food we had ordered. While I don't believe that America's tipping culture necessarily guarantees good service, you can certainly tell when a Sphincter ani externus in the service industry isn't counting on tips to live (Noodles & Company's policy prohibits tipping).At least the soda machine was cool.
4	I am indeed a fan.  I have gone thru most of the noodle and soup menu (no salads and no sandwiches yet).  I tend to order by the calorie count - so as to preserve the ol' waistline - and if their calorie count can be trusted, then their fare is a tasty and healthy treat.  I find the asian noodle dishes to be my favorite.  And I am always very satisfied with the portions ( I order the small bowl).  In fact, the tasty goodness of the noodles typically causes me to keep eating even after my brain is telling me "hey buddy, you are full".In the winter, I was getting chicken noodle soup and  the small noodle bowl and that was A LOT of food.  Today I ordered the small Indonesian w/ Chicken, a large soda and a rice crispie treat (so good), and the total bill came to $9.38.  I find that to be pretty darn reasonable for Oakland faster-food.
4	Yum! I really like Noodles & Company, which while not the cheapest stop for food is still pretty reasonable in my experience. I remember when this location first opened so I have to say, seeing the evolution of the shop has been kind of cool. The general layout hasn't changed - this location has that cozy college campus feel to it - but what has changed is the menu and displays. I remember when I first came here the only options were noodle soups and, well, noodles! Now you can find salads and sandwiches, and even better for those of us watching our waistlines, there's calorie measurements next to the entree listings.The soups are all delicious, the veggie sandwiches are also quite simply wonderful, and the noodle dishes I've had have been tasty enough considering that what I'm ordering isn't as expensive as the pasta dishes at my favorite Italian places. For a chain store the food is much better than you might expect and it's never disappointed me when I've needed a filling, affordable and quick meal. Not a fan of the "make your own soda" machine, I think those things are pretty disgusting. But otherwise this is a pretty reasonable quick stop for food in Oakland - the downtown location is good, too. I'll be back!
5	I love this placeI have had their pad thai, Bangkok curry, and their truffle mad and cheeseTheir soda machine is pretty cool, its a new digital one. It was the first place I had ever seen anything like it.Their pad thai was excellent I definitely rank on my top five favorite pad thaiThe Bangkok curry was okay there were too many vegetables and not enough sauce and noodles.  I really enjoy their noodles and that why I goThe truffle mac and cheese is not that great, their regular mac and cheese is better.  They say they use truffle oil on their truffle mac but there was none on mine, or they used so little that I couldn't taste it.  Its a little pricey so I only go once every two weeks, but its always well worth it
3	Pleasantly pleased, I went here when visiting my daughter and the food was rather tasty. I like the idea of noodles with your choice of toppings or just plain buttered noodles - simplistic yet good.The soda machine was a neat novelty.Friendly staff and good menu to choose from, even soup and sandwiches if noodles aren't your thing.
4	Love their noodles a lot
4	First of all, I definitely wouldn't classify this as Chinese food as is listed here!It's a variety of noodle preparations "from around the world" including Asian, Mediterranean, etc. I have been going to various locations for 10 years and always come back: although there is an occasional error or less than ideal situation, you can't beat the variety, price, and convenience if you are a pasta lover like myself. I have had most of the dishes dozens of times- here are some thoughts:Japanese pan noodles: the noodles are thick with a great mouthfeel. The sauce is a little spicy and tasty. Sometimes they don't put enough on there though and it winds up on the flavorless sideButtered noodles: literally butter and noodles (and a very nice seasoning plus parm) but the egg noodles are very tasty and I often use this as a vehicle to add whatever fresh ingrediants they have in seasons ( mmm corn and asparagus)Steak stroganoff: really tasty sauce but rich. Would get the small size Pasta fresca: one of my go-tos. It has delicate wine sauce that I can't get enough of. Nice veggies as wellPenne rosa: I sometimes feel like the sauce tastes like vomit Mac and cheese: literally don't understand why people like this! So plain and basic!Pad Thai: inedible. You are much better off going to a Thai restaurant Indian curry: delicious! Not a lot of noodles but good if you want more of a mix of veggies Pesto cavatappi: a nice dish but I would ask for extra sauce because often it runs a little low As you can see, sometimes the dishes are inconsistent, which is my biggest complaint. I find that this is worse with takeout too so I would try and eat in if possible !
3	This place is one of the healthier options for lunch in Oakland, and a good alternative to the fast food joints in the area.  As the name suggests, they specialize in noodles, which includes American and Italian-inspired types as well as the Asian-inspired ones you might think of.  I've tried several varieties here and at the downtown location, including the penne rosa, pesto cavatappi, and mac and cheese.  Although the dishes may not be the most exciting ones you'll find in the area, all of them have been served hot, have tasted good, and have been filling, providing for a solid lunch (or dinner, in the case of my downtown excursions).  The small size is perfect for a lunch portion, whereas the larger size is better for dinner, and meat can be added for an upcharge.  I've tried the parmesan chicken (on the pesto cavatappi) and the BBQ pork (on the macaroni), and both have been tasty and have gone well with these dishes.Although I don't usually order a drink, as other reviewers have mentioned, they have the Coke freestyle machine, which provides for unlimited flavor customization options. However, there is another establishment down the street that has a Boylan soda fountain, so if I'm feeling like a soda, that's more my speed. 3.5 stars.
3	Unfortunately I'm going to judge Noodles & Company a little tougher than I normally might because the Thai/Asian market in Oakland is well represented and if you want people's business then you really need to step up your game.Here is one thing I really appreciate at Noodles and Company - the caloric value is listed for each dish.  Talk about an eye opener - if you don't choose wisely, you better have a date with the gym later in the day because there's a dish on the menu (fettuccine) that is over 1,200 calories.  I had the Bangkok curry on my visit today and I thought the flavor was nice, not overpowering for a curried dish, and it was a nice size portion.  The caloric count wasn't bad and I felt full.  My colleague who dined with me did a soup and salad combo and said that the spicy Caesar chicken sandwich was indeed spicy.This is not my go to noodle destination, but, it's not on my list of "don't ever come here again" noodle places.  I'd describe it as, "it is what it is", nothing to write home about but nothing to write a bad review about either.
5	Pasta Fresca, Japanese Pan Noodles, and Tomato Basil Bisque. The three entries were fantastic, the tomato bisque was fantastic! There was plenty of food for a very good price, I was extremely impressed! I ordered online and specified a time in which I arrived at 2 minutes after and my food was read (they were extremely busy) and still warm and not reheated. The people were friendly and professional and the establishment was clean. I really enjoyed the food and was very happy with the price!! Would recommend!
5	Best Mac and cheese I have ever had. Love the variety and clean modern environment. Great for lunch or dinner. Fast service and great quality food. Came here with some friends for lunch and was not disappointed. Definitely recommend this for anyone in the mood for pasta/noodles.
3	Small portions, Large price. I went in with low expectations and came out feeling affirmed.  I got the Bangkok Curry and it was just..okay.  The whole experience of the food was just...okay.
1	Delicious food the first few times (when it opened)...then a noticeable decrease in quality while the prices kept rising. Now it's  more expensive to get less food....I'd suggest Red Oak or Eat Unique if you want healthy around here...otherwise, this place doesn't sustain the average college student.
3	Today, I got the Bangkok Curry with Chicken. I can't really tell if it tasted different than the Indonesian Saute. It was good, don't get me wrong, but it tasted like many peanut sauce dishes. The chicken was cut up and cubed, there wasn't much of it, but it was ok. The sauce and veggies were delicious so it made up for the mediocre chicken. I like coming here mostly because of the soda machine. It is the one that you can pick flavors of the Coke. I like the Dasani Sensations (fizzy water with a little bit of flavor). The noodles are good, not GREAT, but they are good. And one of the most important things to say is that for Oakland during the lunch rush, your food will come quick. Also, they keep the restaurant very clean and have their staff come around to clear your plates for you just like a real restaurant!
