4	Well, I'm no cowgirl but that doesn't mean I can't enjoy a good trail ride with an even tempered steed.  Now, riding a stubborn steed by a waterfall in Mexico turns what would be a lovely experience into a fright fest but that's another story.Today, David X and I took the guided riding tour of Latta Plantation Park.  For $25, this entails a trail leader riding in front, and a party of 8 riders following along in a line.  They ask you how green you are, assign you a horse based on that, and give you the needed pointers: go, slow down, stop, turn.  Feet here, knees here, hands here, and you're off.  The trail guide knew the story of each horse so if you're curious you can ask.  Mine was actually a rescue story: Billy Jack was an overworked racehorse with a broken knee and scarred up legs and hide, they brought him in and rehabbed him and now he rides easy trails in his golden years.  The ride is about 45 minutes or so, and they make a point to rotate horses in and out so that no horse is worked all day.  Now they offer a longer "private ride" for $35 which I assume means you are not in a party of 8, and they also offer the "sunset ride" on certain days, which includes a two-hour ride just past sunset and a "cowboy dinner" (either chicken or steak is what the listing said) for $60.  That's a bit steep for my tastes but I could see it being a real nice date for the right kind of couple.They also mentioned having pony rides for tykes, formal riding lessons, hay rides during October, and some other more advanced stuff for people who are into BYOH.  I could surely see myself bringing family/visitors here.
4	This review is for one particular service they offer at Latta's Equestrian Center their sunset horseback ride and bonfire dinner.This is an amazing all inclusive date if you are looking to surprise your significant other with something out of the ordinary in Charlotte. The price is up to $65 a person now and is only offered Friday or Saturday evenings around the warmer months of the year.At first I was hesitant to spend that much for a night out in Charlotte, but honestly you are making some great memories and the steak they grilled up for me was cooked perfect, extremely tasty, and about twice the size cut of meat you would get from an overpriced dinner downtown.No experience riding is necessary, they will ask you what you know when you arrive, and since we knew nothing they put us on some of the older calmer horses. The horseback ride was very relaxing that is if you can get over the giant wedgie and discomfort down below that comes with horseback riding. You get use to it after awhile and begin to lose yourself in thoughts on the ride. I found myself talking to my horse a lot, but that was probably from fear of being thrown off. The leader of the pack winds you all over the grounds of Latta Plantation by their lakes and trails and eventually everyone literally rides off into the sunset.When you arrive back to the stables they have a giant bonfire going and some of the locals there have grilled up an amazing feast.  When you book your date you mention whether you want chicken or steak and when you see the size of the offerings your money feels well spent. You get all the classic stuff with your meal corn on the cob, baked beans, baked potato, buttered bread, and of course a giant cut of meat. They offer sodas, water, and sweet tea for drinks. Definitely worth booking if you want to impress someone on a first date in Charlotte, or if you are just an adventurous couple looking for something other than the typical dinner and a movie.Check out their site for booking information:http://www.lattaequestriancenter.com/Sunset-Rides.html
4	My friends and I visited Charlotte, NC for the weekend. We planned a horseback riding event at Latta Equestrian Center.  Out of the 6 of my friends only 1 of us have ever ridden a horse. We were nervous about riding the horse once the horses were brought up. This was definitely different, fun, and exciting. We had a great time on our horseback hour trail. Mr. Trace was our tour guide, we really enjoyed him. He was really friendly and made everyone feel comfortable with their horses. My horse was, Horse Benny.  I would recommend visiting Latta Equestrian Center too anyone that would love to experience riding a horse.
