4	Tucked back in the corner of a la fitness strip mall - club tanning quietly lives and ends up to be a pretty decent place to lay down and get fake sun - fairly decent prices - I have never waited - and they offer a variety of beds. It has always been clean, people there are tanned and friendly, and they all have been very chill not upselling at every opportunity.
4	Club Tanning was the site of my very first bed tanning experience, and I'm very happy to say that it was pretty sweet. Katie the desk girl was great, answering my hundreds of questions cheerfully and being totally helpful without attempting to sell me anything I didn't inquire about.    The salon itself was clean, and the prices and products were laid out very plainly. On your first visit you fill out one sheet of paperwork warning about medications that can cause a bad reaction when tanning, then you choose your desired package and are given a room number. The rooms are simple, they have an empty lotion bottle that says the room has been cleaned, a couple of towels, a pair of those little goggle things, a chair, a mirror, a fan and some headphones for your music of choice. You push a button on the wall that turns the bed on and starts your timer, then lie down or stay standing for your desired time and you're done. Clean up and leave, they'll even hold your bronzer or whatever you have if you'd like.    This is my first membership to a tanning salon, so I can't really compare prices, but it seems fair to me, I think unlimited tanning starts at 30 a month, or you can pay for each visit standalone. I know this seems a little long winded, but I went in to this totally clueless, so if you're new to tanning I completely recommend Club Tanning, the staff is helpful, the salon is clean and the whole first time process is as simple as it could be.
5	This was my first ever experience with tanning. I wanted to start building a base for a trip to the beach I'm taking in a couple weeks. As a super pale redhead, I figured I should condition my skin a little bit so that I don't get a sunburn. I found Club Tanning on here and went to check it out. The girl that was working the desk when I got there was super nice. She was tan, but in a pretty sunkissed way, not in a creepy Oompa Loompa way. She was very knowledgeable and friendly and took me into the room to explain how everything works. The room itself was very clean, as was the tanning bed. I maintain, however, that the tanning bed is a very creepy apparatus and I was nervous about getting in it. She made me feel comfortable and helped me figure out the best plan for what I wanted. She wasn't pushy with the lotions either. The price was really good - $12.50 for three sessions. The other girls didn't seem as friendly (they were also very Oompa-like) but overall the place had a nice vibe. They offer tanning beds, as well as the stand up tanning closets or whatever. They also have a smoothie and nutrition area in the store, but I didn't go in there. Overall, the experience was much better than I had anticipated and the whole adventure took me less than 15 minutes.
5	Today was my first time tanning EVER. The girl I spoke to at the front was super friendly and gave me advice on what I should expect and how long of a time I should start with. I'm glad that she wasn't pushy with trying to sell me tanning lotion. The room was clean and it was nice that they offered music to listen to. I'll be going back tomorrow because I got 3 tans for a great deal. I recommend it.
5	Loved this place! The guy at the counter was very nice, and gave me two free upgrades upon my signing up. The beds were clean and fairly updated, and the price was fair (25$ for one month for new members). Overall, great experience!
5	This is the very first tanning salon I have actually loved! Most places don't want to help you spend your money the best way and won't help you out. They also don't make you feel welcome. This place is quite the opposite, the employees are great (sadly I don't know their names yet BUT) the awesome girl with long blonde hair and perfect bod and great guy that always work together are my favorite! They are so helpful and nice! I have been going to Club Tanning for 6 months and will be coming back again and again! Love them!
5	First off, I just want to say how I love the fact that the employees here are not dumb ass high school drama girls! I was visiting a couple tanning business's in Tempe and Scottsdale and the employees at those places were just jerks. The prices here are very fair. They didn't have a product I wanted but ordered it on the spot and said it'll be in two weeks. Who can argue with that?Random update: The product I ordered did come within a week and I couldn't be more happier.
1	How this place has great reviews is completely beyond me!  I have never been in a dirtier, less visually appealing salon with the most unfriendly employees ever!  I went here specifically because of  the reviews.  Maybe I got spoiled living in CA (where every salon I went to for 11 years was clean, nicely decorated and had great employees), but in my opinion this place a dump.Upon entering the salon for the first time I had a hard time finding the front desk.  It's hidden around the corner.  The first thing you see when you walk in is a crappy shelving unit holding dirty goggles and towels.  And don't even get me started about the paint job or rest of the decor in this place.  I felt like I needed a shower upon entering this place.  When I finally made my way around to the front desk (if you can call it that) I didn't even get a "hi", "hello"....not even an "f you, you're interrupting me while I'm staring at my nails".  *I*, the customer, greeted the employee with a smile and a "Hello!".  I told her it was my first time at this salon and that I'd like to purhcase five tans in a level 2 bed.  I didn't even ask her any annoying questions because I'm capable of reading the board on the wall myself, yet she treated me like I just asked her for a kidney.  She threw a clipboard in my direction and said "Fill this out."  I filled out the portion with my name and address and began checking yes or no to the additional questions on the waiver (that silly legal form that protects them from being sued).  She yelled at me that I didn't need to answer the questions and that I should just sign the bottom.  Ok, sure.  I can not answer any of the important questions that you might need to know about a new client....like whether or not I burn easily, etc.  I mentioned to her that I had not been tanning in over a year so I didn't want to go to the full time.  Typically when you go to a new salon they will recommend a time based on what they know about their beds.  She took my money and in the most annoyed voice ever said "How long?"  Ummmmm, I just told you I hadn't been tanning in a while, so again, I haven't been tanning in a while.  How long do you recommend?  Her response "Seven????"  A question.  Why are you asking me?  I know nothing about your level two beds and since you didn't have me answer any of those silly questions on your waiver I doubt you could make a proper recommendation anyway.  So sure, I guess seven is good.  Another customer happened to walk in behind me during this exchange and the girl behind the counter said "follow me" and didn't say a word to the other customer.  A "I'll be with you in just a moment" would have been completely appropriate and normal in this situation.So I follow her down a narrow bright red hallway (that it looks like my nine year old painted) to a room with a flimsy folding door.  She then tells me to bring my dirty googles and towel back to the front and drop them in the baskets.  Wait...what???!  Do you want me to wipe down the bed and do a load of laundry for you too?  Why am I paying you for me to do your job for you?  I have NEVER been asked to clean up after myself at a tanning salon....EVER!  This made me wonder if they even go in there and clean the bed after I'm done.  So I fold my door behind her and latch it with the flimsy lock they've placed because a regular door lock won't work.  I put on my lotion in the tiny room (banging my elbows on the walls and bed in the four inch square space I have) and step into the stand up bed.  The lights eventually flicker on and I notive SEVERAL long hairs caught in the wiring surrounding the bed.  Now I realize this is perfectly normal, but if they cleaned the bed every once in a while they might pick out the long hairs that have been there for over two weeks now (as I've noticed in my subsequent visits).The other two times I've been I've dealt with another girl who seems a little more friendly, but I have to say I'll be finishing up my five tan package and never return to this little hole again.  This place leaves so much to be desired.  For the amount they charge they need to clean up a little, repaint and consider having the employees do the cleaning instead of the customers.  First impressions are everything people!
4	This place might not be so "visually appealing" thats okay, im not coming in to admire the floors and walls, I come for a tan, in and out. Stopped in here over the weekend and took advantage of some of the deals I was offered. The girl behind the counter was very informative. Cant complain.
5	Love club tanning! Affordable, awesome location, friendly and knowledgable staff, great beds! Wouldn't recommend anywhere else! They also have smoothies!
