4	Nowhere else in Vegas could I find 24 ounce styrofoam cups so I could make my own smoothies at home rather than pay through the nose at some other places.  I now make delicious, healthy smoothies daily that I can take with me to work.  With S&F's low prices, I even splurged on lids and straws, too!This place makes me want to start my own restaurant, actually.
4	Pineapple salsa is bomb!! I love how they have more produce now and that they still honor the club rewards card prices even if you dont have a card anymore. It saves me room in my wallet. The salsa was the perfect snack to accompany the beers that we had in our room. This is always a good place for us to stop when we are in the Vegas area. We can get all that we need for our usually one week stay. The prices are right. The location isn't far from the strip, considering the drive there is actually pretty interesting. The managers and cashiers are real helpful and will let you know of any sales or promos that are going on.
3	I'm not a frequent shopper here.  They just don't have the things I want or need.  I went to find some sugar free Peeps, but they were out.  I waited too long.I walked around but didn't find anything to buy except a bottle of Torani sugar free mango syrup.That's about all I buy there.
3	This place has been around for a long time, I remember stopping in when we first move to the area 11 years ago.  I don't remember being back in since, my husband is our cook in the family and he does all the grocery shopping, today he was looking for beef brisket to smoke and had bought some pretty decent meet here in the past, so we stopped in to give it a try.  We didn't find the right thing today, but it was fun looking around at the food, some of it different than the average market, yet some things looked pretty similar.
3	My husband likes to come here for the meat.  When he's in the mood for smoking, he'll stop in and get a pork shoulder or butt, and the beef brisket.  I haven't been here in years, so when he said he was going, I tagged along.I walked up and down each isle, checking on the prices and the goods.  Some items were priced about the same as other stores, but it was the quantity that was different, buying bulk is good when you are feeding family or planning a tailgate, but for the two of us, it isn't necessary.The store is clean and well organized, I must admit the quality of the meats are always good, but then again, my husband puts his mojo on it and it's never a disappointment!
4	They may not have the best prices on everything, but they do have a few selective things at good prices.  The store is always clean and the few employees that they have working, are always really nice.  Today I bought a bunch of pumpkins to make pumpkin seeds.  They were only $3 each (butter better then paying per pound which I don't need, cause I'm only using them for the seeds)  I definitely like coming here on occasion .
4	I hit this place about once a week mostly to cherry pick the sales. Most recently I walked out with a 5 lb bag of oranges for $1.99 and a sleeve of elephant garlic (5 bulbs) for 89 cents. Can't really beat those prices. I wouldn't make a special trip to come here or anything but I stop in and grab a few things on my way to Sprouts where I do the bulk of my grocery shopping. Smart & Final carries lots of bulk items and doesn't require any kind of membership or loyalty card like most warehouses and grocery stores. It's a good place to go for party supplies like plates and cups or cleaning supplies. Anything you need to stock up on or use large quantities of. I use baking soda to clean everything so I go through those little boxes you find in the baking aisle really quickly. But I can pop in here and get a 4 lb box for a reasonable price, with no membership fee and no waiting in line. It's quick, easy and really convenient. Can't ask for much more than that.
4	OK, they now get a 4 star review because they're stocking more sugar free Peeps and I can get my annual fix.  They deserve the star!
4	Good selection at this location. It's large enough to walk around & shop. Yet small enough to not be ginormous as Costco. I like the size of it. I found a large can of TANG there for $5.99. Great price! & paper towels.
2	Am I missing something? In CA, this chain had competitive prices.This location? Even the sale prices strike me as high- 2/$9 cases of water, $3 day old pastries, $4/2 pack of toilet cleaner, $5/2 dozen eggs? And the price tags listing  a "regular" and "sale" price were both higher than average when compared to regular stores.Didn't see enough bulk-size or multipack purchase options available to justify coming here over their regular grocery counterparts. At least in CA, pricing and product make the comparisons to Costco/Sams Club reasonable. Not here.
