4	I'm sure there have been plenty of reviews for Macayo's Mexican food.  It's a very popular and reasonably priced place to get a good meal.  They have a nice atmosphere for large groups as well.  There have been many many evenings after bike riding in circles for about 2 hours when the bike bunch went for tacos and chimis to refuel..... but the BEST thing on the menu after a long hot ride for my money is the frozen Raspberry Margarita.Macayo's sells the first jumbo margarita in large politically inappropriate mugs that look like ethnic stereotype effigies.  These can be brought back for refills of the frozen salty sweet drink each visit.  In my opinion, they are well worth it....
2	I did not want to eat here I know better but sigh it's not always my choice. Nothing special here at all except for currently you can super size your margs for just pennies more. The pomerita on the menu is the only marg thats made with Cazadores very yummy hekk yes I say way worth it!! The salsa was eh with no heat or any real taste, this became the theme with the rest of the food through out the night. Spinach con queso was ok. I had the carnitas and the only thing I could taste was salt and way too much of it. Guacamole, rice and beans were pretty bland. Again, I didnt come in with high hopes but this dinner was something I wont be repeating chain or not I still have standards for good tasting food and this has not been it for ages. Sorry 2 stars here for drinks.
3	Had the misfortune of doing taxes on Saturday and needed a drink and a nice place to sit and reflect on how much my husband and I got rapped by our government.  He wanted a Margarita and I thought of this place.  We wanted something not fufu which had a bar and some fatty apps.  We drove not to far from our house and walked in.. My first time to this Macayos and thought it was a lot smaller then the location in downtown and off bell...  Pretty much same theme, Mexican, same menu, Mexican.  We sat outside on the patio off the bar and our bartender took our orders..  We also had ordered two apps, a nacho platter, and a Mexican pizza.  It was nice chilling outside, it was a perfect day outside.  Our service was excellent, now onto the food.  The nachos weren't anything I would ever order again..  Basic stuff on it.. Beans, cheese, chips, gauc., sour cream, and huge chucks of chicken, I mean big, the size of jawbreakers... Kinda difficult eating without some sort of fork to break it down.. The chips got soggy kinda quick.  I just wasn't all into them.  Now the pizza on the other hand I would've and should've ordered another.  It was really just a plate of yumminess.   The queso was so good, and the flavors just bursted in my mouth.  Prices were a little high for apps, like the prices of the main meals.  Quick service, close to home, yes, if I must have a quick drink I would come back.
2	So yesterday we had a going away luncheon for a coworker who is leaving today and we all went to Macayo's for lunch.  We had a group of 20 people so sometimes this can be a challenge but we called ahead and they said they would take care of us no problem.So we arrive and the tables are all setup and everything started out great all the drink orders and getting us situated.  We were checking out the new summer menu and a group of us decided to try the habenero lime hot wings.  So they brought them out and no habenero sauce on them what so ever.  I asked about this to our server and he said habenero is sweet and it's on there.  LOL WOOOOOOOOOW I couldn't believe this guy just said this it is one of the hottest peppers on earth.  He said well other people like them so not sure what to say other than I can bring buffalo sauce.  LOL Next came main courses a coworker next to me had her order totally wrong twice before the 3rd time it was finally right.  My street tacos were tiny and more of an appitizer than a entree like they were listed.  So overall this will be my last trip to Macayo's and hopefully my review saves some people from a meal that they regret.
4	3.5 really but it's not allowed. Servers are usually prompt and attentive. If you like hot salsa you have to ask for it. The chicken poblano is well seasoned and stuffed with finely shredded chicken. For a delicious vegetarian option ask for spinach enchiladas...not on the menu but still available . Typically there is not a wait and the food comes out piping hot;) not a whole lot super special to set macayos in a category of it's own but it's good flavor, prompt and consistent service and the margaritas are not bad either ;)
3	Macayo's is comfort food.  They'v kept the same menu for years with good service.  You know what you will get and that you will have leftovers.  It's also fun to browse the Goodwill in the parking lot after eating.  Cheese crisp is crisp like it should be - not soft.  Beef taco is a meal in itself.
4	Yummy!  I had the Baja Burro...it was heaven.  The jalapeno cream cheese was drizzled over my yummy deep fried chimichanga.Very tasty.  Great Service too.  Went on a Saturday night but by the time we were done....the restaurant was filling up with patrons.
4	Good burritos an even better margaritas!
2	This location is not the best example of macayo's. My wife and boys love mexican food and I'm always game - usually macayo's puts on a good meal at decent prices and that's why this was a place we would visit once every month or two...not anymore. Service was okay - no problems there, however the food quality has fallen off a bit. Salsa was great - chips ehhh - dry and salty. Over the years I've had everything on this menu and it's hasn't changed - except for the smaller portions paired with a plate full of bland rice and beans...Chimi was small and I was amazed how little chicken was inside it...it was okay but, I was looking for more food and flavor.  The bill for two adults and two kids 50-60 bucks - too expensive for a marginal meal.Not not impressed anymore with the food here, especially when prices are up and we want a bang for our buck in this economy...Haven't been to the one in scottsdale in a while but, I was very happy there - much better than thunderbird...
3	Best imitation Mexican food in AZ the spinach con queso and the baja chicken chimi are my favorites. Although I'm about 75% sure they gave me food poisoning awhile back.
3	The only thing I can say about Macayos is "meh". I was unimpressed by my tacos, the queso was good and my husband loved his margarita. The waitstaff was friendly and helpful, even if over worked and under staffed. I would imagine they are great for a more family fun enviroment and less on the night out with your friends or "date night" experiences.
3	My meal at Macayo's was decent.  I tried the Mex and Match with a shredded beef taco and carnitas enchilada.  It came with beans and rice.  The shredded beef taco was good but nothing to write home about.  A taco of the same quality can be found at any local Mexican joint.  Just throw a rock and you'll find a taco just as good.  The carnitas enchilada was not to my taste.  Macayo's must have a house marinade or seasoning and I didn't care for it.  Not horrible but I would refrain from ordering their carnitas selections in the future.Staff was friendly and my drinks were refilled without any effort from myself and the atmosphere is good.It is not, however, a "must go" for Mexican.  You'll find food of the same or better quality elsewhere and for less cost as well.  I would say Macayo's is good for groups or if you have visiting friends and family that are averse to eating at fabled & filthy hole-in-the-wall Mexican joints.
4	Great bar by my house.   The food is always good and the waiters do a great job.  They have a glass mexican cup you can buy for margaritas and you get MORE for a lower price if you bring the cup back with you.
4	At atmosphere was warm and welcoming. Prices were not bad. Food great.
5	You know how you wake up some mornings hungry for a big, delicious Chile Relleno?  Ok, never mind.Anyhow, I came here for lunch today, a first visit to this Macayo's location.  It's beautiful inside, & a completely comfortable place to eat.  The service was top notch, as has been the case for me at all of the Macayo's except Tempe.  After munching on some of their warm, thick, delicious chips with tasty, chunky style red salsa, it was on to my choices from their "Mex & Match" menu, starting with a cup of their terrific Tortilla Soup.  Then for the rest, I had that Chile Relleno, along with a great shredded been taco, & mixed veggies.  Even the veggies were especially good.This is 'Gringoized' fake Mexican food, you say?  Fine.  Both the salsa & the big Pablano chile were mild, so you're right.  It was a totally fake, but nevertheless a totally 5-Star feast for $8.79!!  "Woohoo!"  ...as we Gringos say!     :-))
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat. The only downside to eating here is you get really stuffed every time. Its authentic Tex-Mex at its finest. I have eaten here about 10 - 12 times (My business partner lives in Scottsdale) and I look forward to Macayo's whenever I am in town for business or pleasure.
2	I like the food here very much, always have. I also believe they have the best Margaritas in town. Its the service that is remarkably below average. I should try visiting them during non-peak hours, perhaps the service would improve then.
4	I know Macayo's isn't authentic but it is damn good! The chips and salsa here are great I always ask for their hot sauce because its better than the mild. I've tried almost everything on the menu and I've never been disappointed. I recommend ordering something with baja sauce. It's amazing and I always order a side of it with my meal. I love the food but this restaurant needs to be remodeled. The carpet is old and the tables are worn out. At least keep your restaurant up to date when you are charging $12 an entree.
3	First off, let me say I love Macayo's and have tried many locations.Now, this is not my favorite location and I'll tell you why. The restaurant itself is older than some locations, and it has not been redecorated. That's fine but I know there's better. The parking lot is a little sketchy, especially at night. The food comes out usually pretty tasty, but the quality could be a step up. I ordered dinner to go one night, and came early to pick it up so I went to the bar for a margarita which was on happy hour. The bartender tried to get me to order a patron margarita for like $7 more than the happy hour marg. I didn't appreciate that. When I ordered the $3 one, I was pretty much ignored after that. I had told the hostess I would be waiting in the bar for my food, and she also never came to let me know it was ready. After sitting there 20 minutes, I went and asked. It had been sitting on their counter for who knows how long. Once I got home (only a 3 min drive), my order was correct, but the food was lukewarm. Disappointing. On a different occasion, it was fajita fest or something, and I ordered a combo fajitas and I was overcharged. I pointed out on the menu exactly where it said the price and I had to ask for the manager because my server didn't want to adjust the bill accordingly. Another time I went for dinner and my server was mostly absent, but the bus boy was awesome and completely took care of us. When our server showed up at the end to drop off the bill after disappearing for 20 min, we mentioned we wanted dessert. 10 min later he came back to say the fryers were already off and we couldn't get anything for dessert that was hot. The manager took care of the situation and offered me a comp card for next time, which was definitely sufficient and appreciated.But that's why I only give 3 stars.  Love the food, but I'll usually drive farther for a better location. 60th ave and bell is the best imo.
3	This is your typical large Mexican place.Most of the food is boring, and identical to every other place like it.However, that being said...There are a few gems on the menu.The BBQ Chipotle tacos are very, very good. The pork is very tasty with these. They also recently added pork nachos to the menu, and it is very good as well. Chips, cheese, black beans, and pork. It also has a moderately spicy green salsa mixed in that adds a perfect amount of heat to the dish.My wife really enjoys the California Burro.The side items (rice, beans, etc) are plain, and boring to be honest.The service is typically good, the wait staff remembers us. The chips and salsa are also quite good.
5	Wow. Some of the best Mexican food I have ever had. Sure, it's not a hole in the wall, and the menu is pretty standard. But, the quality is fantastic. I had the chimichanga, nachos, and taquitos. Wow. The guacamole is on point as well. Our server did a great job with us (party of 12). He was quick to refill drinks and explain various menu items. Highly recommended.
2	Though I've always been pleased there in the past, tonight  was most unpleasant.  It was incredibly hot and stuffy which they blamed on the "humidity."  What happened to air conditioning?  It took a half hour to get chips.  Our orders took even longer and were not correct.  We didn't send them back simply because we didn't have the time.  I hope this is an isolated incident.  I would hate to lose a favorite restaurant.
4	This place is awesome ! No where can you find a place , buy the cute ceramic margarita cups and bring back for cheap huge refills ! I havnt had the food , only margaritas (that's why only 4 stars) ... We will keep returning for our refills and friendly bartenders ;)
1	If you could give negative stars, I would give negative stars! Our family went to this location last night. Two people were from out of town and remembered really loving the Macayo's on Shea when they were here visiting before. We had a large group including 5 kids ranging in age from weeks old to 8. This was the worst service I have ever experienced in all my years! It was a Tuesday night so not too busy and it took 2 hours to have dinner! The service was terrible and very slow! 5 of the 8 entrees were wrong, and then continuously brought to the table still wrong. The manager never came over to ask how we were doing! I finally had to just ask for my dinner to go after 1.5 hours of waiting because my newborn needed to go home! It was also very strange that half the people ordered salads/soup, and the people who didn't get salad or soup received their actual meal so they were done eating when the rest received their half right entrees? I had never seen such a thing! This was by far the worst experience, and I will never step foot into this Macayos again!
3	Food is average at best and they charge extra for everything that should come with your plate already. Other locations are better but your better off picking a different Mexican food restaurant all together. It is phoenix, so there's plenty of other Mexican food spots that will serve you much better food at a much better price.
5	Decided to try a new place ,so we came here. We're seated and waited on quickly. Ordered two patron margaritas and cheesy crisp with green chile. Salsa and chile very mild but not bad. I ordered burro favorito carnitas red enchilada style. My wife had combo platter. Besides the mild chili it was awesome great flavor and good size plate. My wife loved the combo platter and these bite size what I can only explain as a ball were great tasting had oozing cheese and pieces of green chili fried in a crust. And our server Patrick was the best server we have had at any restaurant we have been to. Friendly, attentive, and alwayMade sure we liked everything and that we were doing good. So if you come here you might want to look for this guy. Great customer service.
2	Well, I have eaten at the location on central downtown, I have noe eaten at another one. I currently find myself displeased at this locale vs centrals locale. They didn't listen to what I ordered. I ordered enchiladas, they tried to bring tacos, I ordered beans and rice, only got rice. To much of hassle to bring another plate...waitress was nice, my actual server, a guy waited on the ladies longer and just walked by me and tapped me on shoulder asking, how is it? By the time I looked up he was walking over to his friends for more chatting.
4	Chimichanga!It's fun to say, it's even better to eat and Macayo's has some of the best.We were out and about and dropped in here on a whim for lunch. The decor is a bit too "touristy-Mexican" for my taste but the place is clean and well maintained.  The service is excellent and everyone is very friendly and the refills kept coming.I had the chimi sampler plate.  You get a total of six two-bite chimis (2 each - chicken, pulled pork and beef) smothered with cheese, some sour cream on the side and guacamole.  I also had a side of rice. Damn! Those are some tasty chimis - crisp on the outside and oh so good on the inside!  My wife had a chicken chimichanga that came with rice or beans and she said it was also very good.
3	Great for a happy hour on a Friday. But as far as the food, do not come here expecting authentic mexican food. It's sorta TexMexStyleWithFastFoodCharm if u get my drift. But the prices are reasonable if u wanna drink a margarita out of the chichi cup on a fri fri :)
3	We went this past Friday during Happy Hour, and all I kept asking myself was "are we in Sun City?"It was dead in the bar area for a long time, until a group of older folks came in with their Macayo's margarita glasses. There were a few patrons who were obviously perturbed by myself and my co-workers; we kept on getting dirty looks throughout our time there. Hey, it's happy hour on Friday - we weren't trying to be quiet - especially in the bar area.The only reason I gave this location 3 stars is because the server was very nice and accommodating. The food was just average. The drinks were strong!
2	Pretty grossed out right now. I've been coming here to 19th ave and t-bird for 30 years. I love this place but they just gave me a lemon that was bite out of. Yuck. But I'll be back.
1	This is the worst Mexican restaurant!!  Horrible food, horrible service!  Went to this location because I had a coupon, but I would have rather paid full price somewhere else.  Would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
2	Came in today, kind of late for lunch, about 1:00/pm. Were seated promptly, and had chips and salsa pretty quick.Our waiter, a young kid named Nick, came by to find out what we wanted to drink (2 waters), and then seemed to kind of hurry us through ordering.Our entrees were brought out, and almost literally dropped, and then Nick took off immediately.  There was no "is there anything else I can do for you - enjoy your meal" etc.  Just a drop and go.  He did walk past, back and forth, and practically did all he could do, NOT to look at us, or at our table.  What if we wanted more salsa, or chips??  He NEVER checked on us again.  Apparently, it was his time to leave for the day, and I saw him take his to-go order, and GO!  He didn't come by and tell us he was leaving, and that another waiter could help us.  He was just GONE.It was a very poor way to do business!!
4	UPDATE:  We went in late this afternoon, sat in the bar.  Patrick was our waiter and bartender.  And he was good!!  Very attentive! The bar is a great way to go; with drink specials, $3.00 of of appetizers, and then ordering our meals.
3	Well it's not the best meal you'll ever have, but were you really expecting that? for what you're paying, it's good. just good, not great. I used to live in surprise and admittedly the food tasted better and more flavorful at the surprise location, but I don't have any real hang ups with this place. Very quick service and our waiter was a sweetheart. Would recommend if you're craving some texmex without wanting to break the bank.
4	I've been a loyal customer of this Macayo's for years.  Most of the servers who've worked there for awhile even already know my drink/salsa preferences before I order!  The service is friendly, there's lots of dining area options, and of course the food is great and what keeps me coming back.  They have some of the best salsa/hot stuff around.The only real negatives is that it seems like several times a year, they have a new menu where (1) they increase their prices and (2) they have a tendency to remove their best items from the updated menus.  (Here's a secret - If you order the Sampler Platter, you can ask for it "Classic Style" and they'll serve it the way it once used to be with a much better selection of appetizers than the present version.)  I love this place and have supported it for years though given how their constant price increases are really getting out of control and the lack of prior dishes, the number of times I visit per year has definitely decreased and probably will continue to do so as long as these trends continue.  But those issues aside, this is a wonderful place where your service comes with a smile by a staff that's eager to please and meals that hit the spot!
