5	Only Dr. Blanton provided relief from the pain I experienced from a severe car accident.  After eight months of orthopedic doctors, three physical therapists, and another chiropractor, only Dr. Blanton addressed the causes of my pain and made a plan for my recovery.   Not only did he work on my spine issues, his adjustments of my hand relieved pain in two of three fingers and allowed me to again pick-up small items without pain.  My initial treatments with Dr. Blanton were at the Green Valley Office of Mountain West Chiropractic.  I now see him at the Aliante office even though it is a long drive for me; he is worth it.Dr. Blanton is a successful healer because he uses both his mind and heart when treating his patients.  He combines the precision of diagnosing spinal misalignments with both X-Rays and analyzing software with listening to his patients.  He then creates a customized plan with his patients using treatments, like chiropractic adjustments, traction therapy, electric muscle stimulation, ice, and stretches.  I like that the treatment plan's goal is to create a permanent change in the spine's alignment and that the patient will be able to wean off frequent treatments and only need periodic maintenance treatments.  Of course successful recovery does require the commitment of the patient especially during the initial weeks of treatment.Not only do I receive quality treatment at Mountain West Chiropractic, the staff is friendly and shows a concern for my well being.  I have recommended Dr. Blanton to my friends and family, and would encourage others to try their services.
5	Miracle Workers! The staff is friendly and Dr Blanton is the best. My pain is gone thanks to him.  The staff and Dr. Blanton will take as much time with you as you need.  This is so much more than a chiropractor office of old. They don't just treat the symptoms but find the cause and treat that!
5	Nathan Blanton DC is the BEST! If my husband and I didn't see the proof, it would be hard to believe that 8 weeks ago I was in severe pain in my lower back. Doctor Nathan took one look at me and said, "I'm not strait." I was too far to the left. He said he can help me, to just trust in him. You know when you feel that you are in the right place, and I felt comfortable there.Many previous doctors had said I needed surgery. I started talking to various people and one person told me to check out decompression therapy. We found that they did these treatments at Mountain West Chiropractic. They make you feel at home! Both my husband and I recommend them to all in need! Thanks!
5	Doctor Blanton and Esmeralda provided top quality care for my wife and myself.  He found and resolved a back issue that 3 hospitals and 12 MDs couldn't.  He also removed a 4" scoliosis curve in my back that could only be resolved by surgery - according to MDs.I trust Dr Blanton with all my medical care now.Update:  it has been several months since Dr Blanton finished realigning my spine.  I still see him monthly for adjustments.  My whole physiology has improved remarkably!  I figure Dr Blanton extended my mobility indefinitely.  This is a tremendous gift!
5	Although I have just had my first visit, I can only say, what a relief.  For over a year, after an auto collision, I have had minor aches, pains, and migraines. I have had several Dr. Appts with a family physician. Well after reporting all symptons, and ekgs and xrays, I hear nothing is wrong. So I make excuses. Maybe its migraines and weight gain from hormones or I need a new bed so my back doesnt hurt. My hands go numb because I had them in the wrong position, my eyes blur cause I need glasses, my foot hurts because of weight gain. Ugh. Then they gave me a questionairre for bipolar disorder and I didnt go back! So that was it. Long story short, life lead me to Dr. Blanton. Im overwhelmed and delighted to know I am not bipolar, I am in fact not crazy. We found the answers. And relief has begun. Thank you
2	Dr. Nathan Blanton was the reason I used to go to this location of Mountain West Chiropractic. Since Dr. Blanton is no longer practicing at this office, I stopped receiving treatment here.  I have now have no idea of the quality of treatment this office now provides.
