3	A small restaurant near the eastern end of Roy. There are two types of seating, hard old wooden chairs with backs that surround you on three sides and bar stools at raised tables. The decor is eclectic and anemic. In some ways it feels like a garage sale of items. The food is advertised as tapas and yet, can you really call something tapas if the style is French? Isn't that really more of an amuse bouche, then? Anyway. most of the tapas were nice and the prices were reasonable, with the exception of the beef tartare which on the night we had it, had an off flavour related to the spices. The alcohol prices were a little high, but still acceptable. The soft drink prices apparently were set by someone from Paris or a stripper, because at $4 for a soft drink, I expect someone to be dancing around nearly naked (or at least be on the Champ d'Elysee, with a snooty accented French.) Makes you wonder who is setting the prices, because a glass of milk is just $3, but cost wise is more than any softdrink. Of note, the Fennel salad was excellent. The creme brulee was nicely prepared. The chevre chaud was too sweet for my taste. The salmon was good. But I would skip the tartare. Oh and the Piano man was quite good.
5	I had brunch here the other day, it was great! The serving was humongous, yet reasonably priced. The omelet was tasty and healthy. The fruit was super fresh. The ambiance and staff were nice, I'll be back!
2	Me and a friend ended up here for brunch after the restaurant we had originally chosen was too full and we were too hungry to wait. Let me first start off by saying that the bar tables, were spring loaded. What does that mean? It means that for some bizarre reason, the designer of the restaurant decided to build tables that are on springs....that move when you press on them. This isn't really awesome for eating and drinking. I was spilling and splashing my drink all over the place and It was essentially impossible to rest my elbows or hands on the table without everything moving. I really just am having a hard time understanding the reasoning behind this decision. It seems there are some regular tables in other areas of the restaurant so at least you aren't forced to endure this strange experience. The food was also a bit disappointing. I ordered a standard poached eggs with hash browns, sausage and fruit. The eggs were a bit soupy and there weren't very many potatoes that came with the meal. I asked for hot sauce and all they had was Tabasco. I love my eggs with proper good hot-sauce and in my opinion any good breakfast/brunch spot should ensure that have it. The saving grace were the toasted baguettes that came with the meal, perfectly toasted and buttered and the nice assortment of fruit as well. But those items were secondary to what I ordered. Maybe I just caught this place on a bad-day in terms of the food and I suppose I could have asked to change tables but this experience overall wasn't great and I doubt I will be back.
3	Went in May with a Groupon coupon and it was pretty good and friendly. Fod was Ok for most part....Stopped by a few weeks ago (in the middle of Summer..) and they were closed for vacation ....As I had another Groupon coupon I called (cell phone..) to reserve last week. The mailbox is full and they don't respo9nd to msg either ... Not sure how long the place is going to last.
1	Went a Thursday night with a friend, was the last night for our groupon coupon. I don't even know where to start. The restaurant seems to be very confused what tapas. Being server raw veggies and some sort of sour cream dip IS NOT a tapas!! Something so amateurish to serve. That last dish some potato cake that I guess is suppose to be a spin on a Spanish torta, was cold, mushy and left the worst after taste. My friend left with such a bad case of heartburn, they use canned tomatoes for all their dishes and out of the 11 tapas there must have been 7!! However the service was great! Our waitress was amazing, super attentive.
