4	Fast reliable auto service is hard to find. I'd been going to my previous auto shop for years. I used to have to call them the afternoon after I dropped off to ask what was wrong with my car. Then I'd have to wait at least another day, maybe two or more, for them to fix it. I had to rush to get there before 5:30. It was dirty there but hey my car got fixed properly. I didn't actually think you could find a place that would do better, but there is! I've been going to see Tony and Johnny at Oasis Service Center for several years. Their service is friendly, prompt, and reliable. I've unfortunately spent thousands of dollars with them over the last few years but my car runs great. Here's why you should go. They actually call you within a couple of hours or so to give you the run down. You don't have to let that pool of sweat about what is wrong or what it's going to cost gather too long. They'll actually let you know. They will not charge you or encourage you to service items you do not need. They fixed my friend's door for free when she was there for another service. On a recent trip for a break job, they identified a noise coming from what I'd call the appendix of my axle. A rubber piece had broken free and was flopping around making noise. They cut it off for free. He told me not to replace the axle just for that, it isn't vital (like our appendix, get the reference now?). If it vibrates at high speeds, then replace it. How cool is that? He could have told me to replace the axle for that but didn't. The prices are reasonable, and my estimate is always accurate. Fair market value for qualified, certified technicians. It does make a difference. Your mom's friend may be able to fix your car, but doubtful he'll do it properly. Trust me on this, you don't want some yahoo digging in to the car just to save a few measly bucks. Don't be such a tightwad, it won't save you in the long run, get y our ride fixed right. You don't have to kill yourself to get to them before closing. They have a gas station just one mile away that is open later (til 11 pm I think) that they'll drop off your keys to so you can pick up your car after hours if you ask. You will need to pay with a credit card over the phone for your services in that case, but hey, it makes it easy to drop and pick up! They're open Saturdays! I believe they close a little earlier but I've never had a problem getting a repair done on Saturday to avoid the whole figuring out a ride to work thing. They're in a bigger location now, and have moved the service department to a spot by the Fry's on Guadalupe and McClintock. I understand they also have a spot in Gilbert too. So if you're in need of good, honest car care, this is the place to go!
5	I was recommended to this Oasis Auto Center for new brake pads and they were so helpful!  Let me know that I needed new rotors and did a great job installing!  They were quick and efficient and got my car done within a few hours.  Prices are very reasonable and you have the option of picking up your car up until 11pm.  I definitely recommend these guys to anyone with car troubles or just needs an oil change.  They've gained a loyal customer!
5	These guys are awesome! Fast, honest service with a smile.  I will be servicing all 3 of my vehicles here!! And I recommend them to anyone.
5	Excellent, quick service. Even though I had misplaced the paperwork, they found my record in their computer and replaced a failed battery. Thank you.
3	I don't see it as a convenience for pay at the pump  when you have to go inside and present your card to get a receipt .  Every pump has a small sign on it that says you have to go inside if you want a receipt.  Not so bad but every time I've been here its another wait for the person behind the counter.On a positive note, at least they don't post cash price and charge another price if you're using credit.
1	This review is for the gas station. The fuel pumps SUCK. Good luck holding the nozzle the whole time while your 40gallon tank fills up. Boo.
