4	Do you ever wish you born during a different time? I sometimes do. One of my favorite time periods for fashion is the late 1940's-1950's. I love the clothes! Of course I love clothes in general, but I have a particular affinity toward these ladylike styles. Whilst in Vegas partaking in my fave Sin City past time (shopping, duh) I encountered the usual chain stores at the Fashion Show Mall. I then noticed an unfamiliar clothing store and I of course was intrigued. The name of this store is the Bettie Page Boutique. I was immediately overcome and entered the doors. I felt as if I was stepping back in time to the 1940's-50's. Lovely vintage-inspired frocks abound. Fun Bettie Page t-shirts and paraphernalia for your enjoyment. The sales girls even sported Bettie style hair (raven black with full bangs) and ensembles. The finishing touch was the retro style juke box playing songs from the times. If you are a lover of vintage frocks or of Rockabilly style, this is the store for you. Definitely a fun boutique to visit while getting your shopping on!
5	From one Bettie Page store to the next! The ladies at the Miracle Mile store called over and there was a dress on hold for me at this store. So we walked over and whoa! This store is beautiful and much bigger. They had the dress for me and after trying it on I bought it. Is it crazy to say that I also love how they wrap their items in leopard tissue paper? 'Cause, I do.
5	I love this store!Their clothing was fantastic, especially if you're into the retro/rockabilly look.  They carried a TON of styles in TONS of sizes.The staff was really friendly and helpful.  Can't wait to hit this place again the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	I love this store!  If you're into vintage style, there's a lot to find at this Bettie Page store!  If you're not as much of a retro gal, there are plenty of pieces that can be modernized with a little styling, if you're looking for something to wear to work or to an event.  The clothes are generally well-made and very fun, and they have pieces to suit a variety of different looks - dresses, skirts, rompers, swimwear, shoes, accessories, etc. The sizes are definitely based on vintage sizing, which is to say that they run quite small.  Don't be surprised (or insulted) if you end up buying something a few sizes larger than what you might normally wear in modern clothes.  Most of the clothes come in sizes up to 4X, which is really more like XL or 2X in modern sizing.  The biggest reason for my 5-star review is the staff and service.  The employees are awesome.  Chatty, fun, helpful, and clearly very interested in the clothes they are selling.  It's nice to see how they're rocking the same pieces that are on the racks!  I ended up buying a dress that I otherwise might not have even tried on, after seeing how one of the salespeople was wearing it.  In addition, I ended up placing a long-distance order after I left Vegas for a dress that I regretted not purchasing while I was there.  They put the dress on hold for me after I emailed about it, and easily processed a phone order.  It arrived quickly and I'm so glad that I got it before it sold out!This location is bigger than the shop at Miracle Mile, and better lit, though I'll happily visit both stores when I'm in Las Vegas.  They do run regular sale and clearance events, which also means that you may find some great deals (though some things sell out fast)!
5	I thought Bettie Page only sold online.  Boy was I wrong!!  I came here Sunday morning right after they opened, and Jasmine was extremely awesome and helpful, showing me dresses that would fit my figure.  I bought two dresses (but I need to get a corset to make my waist a leeetle tinier).  I will definitely be visiting the Hollywood store!! :)
3	Cute clothes, but not particularly well made.  I've seen some of the same stuff on modcloth.  The coworkers in the back talked about gaining weight, going off their birth control, never once said hi to us.  So, cute overpriced clothes, lacking service.
5	I was in retro heaven when I walked into this stylish boutique in the Forum Shops! Seeing all of the dresses I had seen online was really great as was trying half of them on. Jasmine was very attentive and helpful. What a sweetheart! I will definitely be going to the Hollywood location here in Cali to get the Tatyana circle dress since it's a heck of a lot closer. Oh, and I got my red Megan circle dress 20% since they were having a Memorial Day sale. They also wrap everything in cheetah tissue paper and have cute shopping bags!
5	I loved this store!  I walked in with my BF and tried on three dresses.  My budget only allowed for one - well, he liked thsm on me so much that he bought the other two.  These styles are flattering for people like me who is not a thin as I was a few years ago.  These clothes make me feel sexy and beautiful.
4	You Lady's ROCK...always high quality????, great customer service, and fresh ideas for a olde look...When I finally got to visit a store after many years of ordering online I WAS IN HEAVEN...This is My Mecca. The sales staff is so friendly even in person. What I really like about this company is they make clothing that fits REAL women and it is made very well. I have only had one issue or surprise months after purchasing, and that was with leaching of dye on the Jazmin dress but my excellent dry cleaners took care of that. So basically everything has dry cleaned very well, never split a seam due to my extremely amble bottom and hips...just really well made. And what I also like is not hassle return, you do not get your money back, ( who cares, money in the bank to me), even if it is on sale! ...you get credit unlike another retro line (Trashy Diva) who makes you eat it....Bettie Page is Just a wonderful wonderful clothing shoppe, I will be buying stock in this company. I never hesitate to hit BUY when they have an online sale because I know they will stand by that purchase. I have about 7 of their items...I did get some wide waist belts for my skirts from the store last year and they are ecky, the material peels like in strings I would have rather paid double and gotten a better belt.This is a do not miss Vegas treat!The line is assembled in China and finished in USA.I am editing this as of 2/11/13 I am starting to see the brand watered down in the quality department...Trashy Diva is kicking their butt in the quality department! I also went down a star because of this.
4	I'm in love with this store.Prices are fairly steep, but you're getting what you pay for. The quality of the clothing is good. I have bought two dresses from the boutique (one at this location and another in San Francisco). I'm super satisfied with my purchases.When you're buying specialty dresses, you're gonna pay specialty prices. The shopping experience is great! The girls are very friendly and help you find the right accessories and sizes. There are gorgeous shoes, swimsuits, dresses, coats, pants, and accessories to choose from. The store is exciting just to walk through!You'll love anything you buy from here.
5	A plus to living in Las Vegas and being able to shop at this store instead of online!  I can actually try the stuff on before I purchase it.  I really enjoy this one more than the other store in Planet Hollywood just because this one is larger and seems to have more stuff.For woman with curves these are some of the best clothes you can buy and I always get compliments when I wear them.  I have not had any issues with the clothing ripping or falling apart because it is made really well with some stretch!  Yes the clothing is pricey so I am not in there everytime I need something but I like to treat myself everyonce in awhile and this is my go to place for that.The girls working are always nice and getting me a dressing room while I am still looking around and grabbing more.  I think the only thing that sucks is walking from the parking garage all the way through the Forum Shops to get here, but hey its a work out!
5	Killer dresses, skirts, tops, shorts, coats, sweaters, and even kids clothes.  Too pricey for my budget but I absolutely liked just about ever single garment in this store.
5	Clothes are as authentic as anyone could desire. Their Vegas spokesperson is 2011's Playboy Playmate Claire Sinclair. Need I say more?
5	I LOVE this store. I went to the Planet Hollywood one last time I was in Vegas, but my friend told me this one was twice as big - and it was! The only disappointment was that they were sold out of way too many dresses in size medium.  If that's the most popular size, why not make more of them?  Not that my size is consistent in this brand.  I found myself in everything from a small to a large while trying on about a dozen different vintage-inspired dresses. I felt like I'd found the mother load. This shop is great for my body type. I took home a 40s style pinup dress with va-va-va-voom curves. BEST STORE EVER!
5	Another one of my must visits each and every time I come to Vegas. Even though you can buy Bettie Page clothing from their website, it's fun to peruse the store and try things on. The ladies are always so helpful and friendly. They have great vintage remakes and generally carry a variety of sizes. Sometimes sizes sell out so you can always have them call the Miracle Mile store to check for you. The store is always neat and colorful. I love all the new handbags too!
4	We have one here in Fort Lauderdale but, I have never been able to go. You will find your typical Bettie Page memorabilia here and clothing indicative of her time period. Great place to find that vintage-style dress/clothing without having to go to a Consignment Store or Specialty Vintage Shop. I bought a calendar and a hat here. Don't know about the one here in FTL but, considering this store is inside The Forum Shops, not as pricey as you would think. Expected prices for what you are buying.
5	Obviously, the Bettie Page boutique caters to the rockabilly chicks who love 50s fashionSailor dresses? This is what friends in their sororities were looking for; perfect for a themed night! The only downside was that they were too much of the 'skinny bitches' to fit into the clothes. The Bettie Page girls weren't kidding when they said that they embraced the full-figured ladies of the past, and there were a lot of plus sized chicks shopping here looking to bring out their wild, pin-up side.Sizing here can still be a hit or miss, regardless. Normally I would fit into a standard size M dress, but some of the size M dresses didn't fit me. So it's helpful to take the dresses you like in two sizes or more and try them out in the dressing room.Pricing is a bit on the expensive side, but if you check out their outlet store (BettiePageOutlet.com), you can get a lot of things for less.As far as customer service goes, I never had a problem with the ladies that work here. They were always sweet. Of course, they're always dolled-up as well, and I even got to meet the amazing Doris Mayday once when she used to work at the now-defunct Fashion Show Mall location (you might catch pictures of her in the online store, as she models for some of the clothes).
5	I LOVE the Bettie Page Store! It's a MUST STOP while on the strip! If I've been a good Girl, I always get a new dress : ) Happy to say their XS fits me like a glove!!
5	This is my go-to clothing store. From dresses to skirts, tops, shorts, capris, jeans, lingerie, and swimwear, Bettie Page is the way to go!The store is decorated in a retro 50's style, complete with jukebox and oldies. The first time I came here I spent $800. My personal favorite is the Ella dress, which I wore for my wedding. The clothing caters to women of all sizes, but do run small. I am usually a medium in pants or a large top, but I have to buy an XL to get a snug fit here, which is fine with me. Try on the dresses. You will be glad you did!
5	This store is a pin-ups dream come true! Amazing customer service and care! The dresses are to die for!
