4	I read all the negative reviews but at half the price of my DISH TV I was willing to take the risk.  I'm sooooo glad I did ! !  Friendly sales and installation staff made the purchase and hook-up a pleasure.  Honestly, I think DISH has a sharper picture but, again, at half the price and absolutely acceptable picture quality, nothing to complain about.  DISCLAIMER: I am less than 1000 feet from the DSLAM and I know that makes me fortunate, but so far....I'm a happy customer ! !
4	I love my prism TV, I think in the past 3 years its only frozen 2 times (I did live in Henderson before), we are now in the south west.  The picture is clear and beautiful!  The install guys are great and you don't have a big old dish hanging off your house.  It's not cheap, pay about  $120 a month for everything (hbo, showtime and internet) but I feel its more than worth it.  I have had problems with the customer service reps being on the same page (they get one less star for this) but a transfer to a supervisor will get the problem fixed.  I would highly recommend!
1	This place is a joke and a scam! Called two weeks ahead of move in date for internet and TV service. Was quoted great price. Guy never showed up. Called and the agent said he had no record of my order (even though I had an order confirmation number). Had to start all over. Ordered again. The second agent stated that the first agent quoted me a wrong price. Ok..so new price was $10 more. Called to confirm two days later. I was told that both agents misquoted me and new price was actually $40 more (no specials, and no pre-paid visa debit card as promised by first agent). I asked for a manager who was a total *****. She said that both agents I spoke with are actually vendors and NOT employees of Century Link and there was nothing she could do. She said, "If we can't meet your needs then your only other option is to cancel the entire order." REALLY??? I thought they were in the business of customer service! What a joke. Called DirecTV and explained that I had no internet and no TV service because of the incompetence, rudeness, and scam artists at Century Link...they were able to schedule installation in a few days...AND at half the price with more channels. DO NOT ORDER CENTURY LINK OR PRISM. IT IS A BIG JOKE AND THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS THE WORST EVER!!!
1	A total waste of time.  While Centurylink advertises a state of the art tv service, the reality is that it is supported by an antiquated infrastructure.  If you want HD service, avoid these guys.  The max you can get are 2 TVs.  More than likely you'll get one.  I got zero.  My neighbor, 310 feet from me got two signals.  Because I was 10 feet beyond the point of signal origin I got none.  A joke.  The only redeeming thing, the  money Centurylink spent in two futile attempts to actually deliver the service.  Their salespeople sell anything to anyone hoping it sticks.  The techs are totally out of the loop.  A rudderless ship.  Avoid, avoid, avoid.
1	Not a fan. I recently switched over to CL from Cox due to Coxs' rate increase. Century Link offered me a much better deal on a internet/tv bundle as well as a $150 gift card for signing up. Unfortunately, it's been 6 months and I still have yet to receive my gift card and the rate I was promised increased after only one month. So far I have had to call every month since I signed up to discuss why my bill is over $100 when I was told it would be $79. The customer service is horrible and one time I was transferred seven times before I got to the "right department" and my problem never got resolved. My internet seems slower than it was with Cox and I can't tell a difference in my t.v picture. I regret leaving Cox. $30 extra a month is worth getting rid of the headache CL will give you!
1	I am thoroughly disappointed in Century link. I had Cox Communications for years and never had more problems or been more disappointed in cable and internet service. My cable only works 50% of the time. When it doesn't work I have to reset the box. This is every other day. In addition, the wireless only works have the time. If you currently have Cox, do not switch to Century link, the quality is horrible, new channels are garbage and it's been a huge regret. Now I am stuck in a 2 year contract. Best believe the day the contract is up, I will be returning to Cox. The only benefit of Century Link is the fact you can exit out of a flash flood warning. It's not worth the money you save.
1	I have been without tv for 4 days now and everytime I call they say that they are working on it.  The screen freezes after 3 seconds and it not taping any of my shows.  It is frozen in time.  Each time I call they say it will be done if a few hours.  4 DAYS LATER and nothing.  They just don't seem to care and I am so frustrated with them.  When I first started with them I was told one price and it jumped $35 a month and was told I misunderstood the terms and conditions, which I did not because I wrote everything down.  I want out of this contract so badly and when the time is up I am DONE with them.  When I signed up I was promised a $300 gift card for signing up.  I had to call 8 times and then was told the promotion was over.  I made such a stink that I finally got it 6 months later.  THEY ARE A SCAM and don't sign up with them.
4	Ok     The positive...Good clear HD service...    nice UI and on par with the costs if not a little cheaper than other options...    the bad... Tends to freeze... Can be frustrating... But had Cox before and the same thing happens... As well I've heard about sat cable companies losing service in cloudy or windy weather... So its al relative.   if I'm honest id rather cut cable and stream... But until a solid option for cord cutting comes along prism is a solid product.We contacted costumer service...     that was frustrating because they kept transfering us to another person who couldnt help us for what turned out to be almost 45 minutes...      having said that, when the repair person came to the house...     he was just the nicest guy.     My wife and I were so glad that they sent him.     After he left we seemed to not care so much about the phone craziness....    Nice work Centurylink.....Now get that phone system fixed.
1	Century LInk promises the moon, but delivers only broken promises. Since we switched over for less than a month so far, I have found that reps will blatantly lie about services you're getting, cost, and even about scheduled appointments to fix their shoddy products.I took half a day off of work today to be home for an appointment to fix broken internet service that was supposed to completed between 8am and noon. It is now 3pm and I've wasted a whole day of work. Not to mention, I had to call about broken television service just 2 nights ago and had to upgrade to get the only channel I explicitly asked for and was promised we'd be getting when our condo association switched over to this service.After going through the eternal electronic rigamarole when trying to reach a person on the telephone, you'd think the person who finally does answer the phone would at least try to help fix the problem you're calling about. Not only are the products/services broken at Century Link, but so, too, is the culture.
1	The sales people selling you packages will confirm with you the monthly service charge 3 times then your bill will come in the mail 3 weeks later and it will be hundreds of dollars more than what was confirmed. So then you call to explain this to the first guy in the call center who finally needs to get his manager involved so the mystery charges can be explained. The manager will say he'll knock a few dollars off the bill and will apologize for the bad information provided by his sales people. The manager may also explain that this is a common practice within the company and that he spends most of his time cancelling subscriptions of unhappy customers. Century Link is an unethical business and you're better off continuing to shop.
1	When my girlfriend transferred her service over to our place they told her that we would have the internet that day but when we got home from work we still had no internet and when she called them they told her that now we wouldn't get it until Monday. So now she has to miss work on Monday to make sure that the internet is working. This company is a joke. If she'd had not paid her bill when she did then we would have cancelled the services with them.
