1	I'm still in shock about how negative my experience with Neurology Center of Nevada was. I went to them for chronic migraines. I've had them for 29 years so I'm pretty well educated about my condition and the world of doctors offices. I came prepared for a long wait but apparently not prepared enough. The waiting room was full of people and smelled like cigar smoke. It actually made my eyes water. The light in the bathroom was burned out and took almost half an hour for someone to replace the bulb. After an hour wait, I was called back to an exam room and gave my vitals to someone who I'm positive had no medical training. Then I saw Doctor Santos. I am genuinely concerned that there is something wrong with him. He asked me the exact same question 4 times in a row. "Where is your pain, one to ten?" And after the fourth time I said 6 I started to worry he was having some kind of stroke. I gave him a list of the medications I have tried in in the past and had copies of my previous diagnostics in hand. Without even looking at the results he dismissed them and said we need another MRI. Then he told me to try these two medications. I asked, what kind of drugs are they? He repeated the name, I asked again, he said, for nerves in head. Okay! I left after being prodded to set up an appointment for blood work he never mentioned and that MRI I didn't need. Then I go to the pharmacy. One of the medications he prescribed I had already tried. He was obviously not even paying attention to what he read. I made sure to write everything because I had heard he had difficulty speaking English. The other medication he prescribed cost an insane amount of money so the entire experience ( 1 hour and 44 minutes) was a colossal waste of time and money. I'm not one to complain just for the heck of it. I am STRONGLY advising you, Do Not put your health in the hands of these people. It is frightening to think that this doctor is capable of performing procedures on patients. I think if a piece of a satellite fell from the sky and stuck in my head, I would be in better hands if I went to Home Depot to have it removed.
4	Not too bad as far as a busy office goes. Wait times are not too bad. The Dr is friendly and knowledgable. Staff seem friendly. I will be a repeat patient.
1	I'm sorry but you should NEVER have to wait over an hour in the waiting room and then wait more once you're finally in the room! It takes forever to get an appointment with your doctor. The doctor just kept telling me I needed the right cocktail of meds for my migraines even though I've tried just about everything. She had no interest in what I had to say and questioned everything I said, and not in a good way. I'm not sure who they treat but it's not patients! BTW- I experienced the wait time over 3 times I went there. I thought maybe it was just a bad day that first visit but it wasn't.
1	I wish I could give -5 stars.  I waited an hour and 45 mins to see the doc, Germaine. He did not say anything about keeping me waiting so long, obviously his time is more important than mine.  He came in with an entourage of med students and did not even ask me if it was ok for them to be present.  I had an  EEG done for epilepsy, when I asked him if should stay on my current meds he told me that was up to my discretion!!  WTF??  He asked me what I do for a living, I told him collision repair and he actually rolled his eyes!!  He just reads test results to you, refuses to explain the medical jargon into plain English.  He talks in circles and never explains your condition, or lack off.  In his best Boris Karloff voice he kept addressing me as "my friend", he was not trying to be friendly, he was being condescending.   I asked him to please address me as Ms. Jones, and he kept saying, "my friend".  I finally had enough and told him exactly what I thought of him. Horrid bedside manner, condescending, nasty, disrespectful, etc, etc.  I told the students that the best thing they could learn from him was how to NOT treat patients.  I was yelling at him, and guess what!, he has a BOUNCER!!!  Really, no kidding!  I was so furious!  I have never been to a doctors office that actually had a freaking bouncer.  I guess I am not the first person to lose my temper in the office.  Run from this office!  Go to the Ruvo Cleveland Clinic, where you are treated with respect and dignity.  Volunteers actually escort you to your doctors office, and give you a nice flower as you leave.  Dr Germaine is a very very nasty man who acts like he is doing you a favor to allow you to be in his presence.  Never again.
5	I'm a 22 year old female who has been having terrifying episodes of dizziness and tunnel vision associated with trouble balancing. I left Cheryl a voicemail at around 9:00. 20 minutes later she called back and after hearing my symptoms and panic she instructed me to come in by 10:15. I got there around 9:40 and was called back before finishing my paperwork. There was absolutely no wait time. I was triaged and roomed. 2 minutes later dr Lovell stepped in and spent 45 minutes with me. He seemed concerned and went through pros and cons of EVERY SINGLE OPTION AVAILABLE for my treatment which put me and my boyfriend at extreme ease. We all decided which option was best for my lifestyle. I've once worked for a neuro and not even those patients were treated this well by the doctor if I'm honest and that says a lot. I'm actually excited to see this doctor and better my quality of life. And the staff there are happy and actually have personalities. The awesome check out girl joked with me and almost made me forget I was in a doctors office while still maintaining her professionalism. Kudos to her..whatever her name is!!
1	Updated-after I saw the doctor?  NOT. They ended up finally taking me to the back to see the doctor.  And I waited another 35 minutes and still no doctor. I ended up walking out as I stated before I HAD WORK. These ppl are a joke! I would stay away....don't even touch them with a 10 foot pole. U might catch their laziness, incompetence and stupidity.  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I came because I'm having severe migraines...That being said I would never come back but this is the doctor that I have a referral to so I have to come back to get checked up. Sucks doesn't it?  Have a bad enough pain with a migraine and u have to deal work rudeness and incompetence when u come to see a doctor. I told them when I made the appoinment that I have work afterwards and that I need to be seen on time. So what happens now?  Not kidding they have a HUGE stack of paperwork to fill out and most doctors warn u to come in 15 - 20 minutes early to fill out paperwork. Did they warn me? NOPE!  It took me over 30 minutes to fill out the paperwork.  Why? I had questions about the paperwork and the girl at the counter kept taking calls as I was asking her questions.  Her whole attitude was "Omg why can't u just fill it out and sign things like everyone else does without bothering me.!" Yeah she was extremely helpful....can u read my sarcasm???So yes I've been waiting over 40 minutes now to see the doctor.  Am I going to be late to work....no why?  I'm not waiting past another 30 minutes to see the doctor. Why not?  Cuz that is over an hour that once waited for the doctor. And I think that is ENOUGH. They should have warned me to come in earlier to fill out the paperwork. They should have listened to me when I told them that I have work after this. They should have done a lot of things differently.  I doubt the doctor is going to make this appoinment better...but if he/she does I'll update this review.  But I would not be holding my breath.
