4	This friendly and well-stocked co-operative is run by three soapmakers who founded Savon Populaire. I finally popped in today as I noticed the bulk soaps/shampoos etc. and have been looking for a place to re-fill my house-hold cleaning and basic soap (normally I use Dr. Bronners) bottles. I was truly surprised at the quality, selection and price of the various products they had. Everything from organic Apple Cider Vinegar ($5.79 for a huge bottle!) to home made soaps, scrubs, organic oils (apricot, neem, castor, olive...), lotions, and much more. I was so impressed with the store I visited their website when I got home and learned that they also offer workshops including soap-making ateliers (French only) and their mandate is truly admirable:"We are dedicated to making excellent skin care products available at reasonable prices, while not sacrificing their quality or the environment. We make every effort to keep our packaging to a minimum, offering reusable or recyclable containers when possible. We only use natural products derived from vegetables and plants, creating a biodegradable product that is also environmentally friendly."If you are interested in reducing your waste in the personal hygiene and cleaning products department then I would highly recommend visiting this store.
4	Super cool, spacious, warm and yellow co-op full of soap-making products in bulk including organic ingredients and eco-friendly packaging. Lots of essential oils, natural shampoos and home cleaning products. Funny friendly staff with babies strapped on backs tackling ethical enterprise bravely together (and helping me make my Christmas presents!)
4	I don't understand why I've been ordering so much stuff online when Coop Coco was right next to me! As others have mentioned, they offer all an amateur soap-maker could want, from scales to emulsifiers and molds. That's not really my jam though, and I was very happy to find that the store carries a huge selection of organic products (shampoo, castille soap etc..), while also selling stuff that is made on the premises.If I were to recommend one thing, it's a good hard look at their oils and butters (shea, cocoa, mango, sold in small sizes, all the way to 2-pound blocks!) , because it's a "polar vortex" out there! My only gripe is that the service was really distant. Meh.
4	A co -cop specialised in selling everything for do-it-yourselfer or self-styled artisan; from various butters: shea,cocao, essential oils, to various paraphenelia required to complete and bottle or jar your concoctions. The are a few select ready-made products:Savon Populaire soaps,which are not readly stocked in most natural product stores,essential oils,Accacia bubble baths,and a natural make-up line from Germany,and some natural-haired bath and nail brushes, as well as washing soda,and shampoo and conditioner you can buy in bulk. The place is not huge,but is certainly very filled wih tons of stuff.This is a co-op,so it might be a good idea to become a member if you're a frequent shopper of DIY soap,lotion and potion goods and benefit from member discounts and privileges.
3	This place is amazing!  However, I am only giving a three star rating because the service leaves much to be desired!  The staff are indifferent and one in particular is downright rude and intimidating. When I politely asked if a certain product was cosmetic grade (as this is all new to me) she basically snorted and said:  "well yeah!  Everything here is!". Well excuse me!  I will continue going because of the aweome products, but the staff do not make it a welcoming environment.
3	This shop is a lot smaller than I thought. After visiting their website, I thought I'd be walking into a big wholesale store for craft/natural products but there are just a few shelves yet plenty enough to get started on a homemade project or to buy natural goods.I was looking for some soaping supplies and this was one of the only stores in the area that carried sodium hydroxide, molds, cutters and oils. I was disappointed that some of the shelves were a little bare. Best to order it from their site and have it ready for pick up in store.I'm not one to request assistance, but out of all stores, this is the one place that I could benefit from customer service because it was hard to identify things. It kind of looks like you're walking into a chemistry lab, everything is in jars with small labeling, and raw products like butters and oils all look the same. I was the only one in the shop and with just one employee, I was never greeted with a hello or even acknowledged. The tall brunette on duty was also uninformed about how to process refunds or price adjustments. Not helpful for anything in the least.Other than poor service, this place carries great basics for your creative needs, if I'm back it's only due to lack of alternatives.
