3	Fairly organized, very sterile, friendly staff.They have the waiting room divided for the two doors, one urgent and the other for the not so much. pretty straightforward check-in, a nurse takes you back and gives you the normal height/weight/bp rundown, and then they have a time table set up and let you know that after you're taken to the room, they expect a doctor to be in in (so many) minutes, and write it on a small board in the exam room. My doctor did arrive in the amount of time stated. woo hoo. I re-iterated my issue, he talked about it, checked over me, and started his schpeel. I tried to interject with some patient history while he was hypothesizing, he may have heard me, but not sure if I would call it listening. I left with a few prescriptions in hand, but the meds mostly treated the smaller symptoms of a larger issue, and I don't think going back to them would give me a much different result, but that's what my normal doctor is for, when she's available.Overall, in a pinch, I'd go back. It was clean, it was speedy, though overly sterile and clinical in the personal way. And they really don't seem to dig deeper than the quickest route to the door. infections, broken bones, very visible symptoms, flu (when they don't misdiagnose and you actually have pneumonia) - they'll take care of you for sure. So, yes, they excel in the "urgent" half almost to a fault, leaving those of us with extended symptoms and with no other doctor availability not always able to find help. They do, however, offer snacks and water while you wait in the lobby and in the exam room - so there's a perk!
2	I am new to Charlotte and couldn't get an appointment with a primary care physician for a few weeks so urgent care was my only option. I do not have any complaints about the appointment itself, however the follow up care at this establishment is atrocious. As someone who works in the medical field, I am familiar with how a doctor's office is run. My pharmacy and myself have called Concentra a total of 9 times and have yet to receive a straight answer nor a call back (going on 7 days now). Once I went 5 days past my refill date, I ended up just solving the problem myself. After calling the third time I also had to deal with several rude nurses, which I did not appreciate being as they were lacking the ability to do their job. I've never dealt with such a poorly run and unorganized medical office before. I wouldn't be surprised if many patients fell threw the cracks here. This place is in desperate need of organization, follow through and an attitude adjustment.
1	DO NOT GO HERE! I stopped by this location after work to be treated for a persistent cough and after waiting about 40 minutes, I was seen and on my way (with no tests done) with 4 different prescriptions, including an antibiotic because the doctor didn't have a diagnosis. That's just the beginning of my horrible experience with Concentra. Two months later, I got a bill in the mail demanding that I pay $110 within 15 days for a line item that read "SVC PRV OFFICE REG SCHEDD EVN WK." As if I'm supposed to understand what that means?When I called their billing department, the agent couldn't give me a definitive answer as to what this was for and said it sounds like they charged me additionally for an after hours visit... Nobody had said anything to me about an after hours fee, especially $110... After trying to get answers about this policy, the agent hung up on me and I had to call back and speak to customer service, who didn't know anything about this fee.In the end the fee was waived but unless you want to deal with a situation like mine, avoid this place all together and just go to a CVS Minute Clinic if you need an urgent care.
5	I visited this urgent care center after I slammed my thumb in the car door. When I realized how swollen my finger was & how much pain I had, I knew I should see someone, but it was New Year's Day. I called this location- the  closest to me and the receptionist was very helpful. I went in right away there were only a few people waiting. The staff was very helpful to me since I couldn't write; they completed the paperwork for me and they were very attentive. I was taken to an exam room and seated, after normal intake questioning, height, weight, etc.I had two people come into tell me the doctor would be with me shortly and he was; I waited only a few minutes before the doctor came in. This doctor was incredible! Dr. DiPietro explained what my options were for treatment and how I could expect the finger to heal. After a quick procedure, he bandaged my thumb and sent me on my way. I cannot recommend this place more highly. I thought the staff  was wonderful and the doctor was great; considering it was a holiday, I couldn't ask for more.
1	Not the most efficient place, long waits, not enough medical staff & even a return visit is not Expedited, not very friendly front deskI would def not recommend this place
4	I visited Concentra two times in recent months after a car accident and then another minor injury.  I was new to the area and did not yet have a primary care doctor and I was dreading an urgent care visit.  Surprisingly, the wait time for both visits was reasonably short.  I saw a different doctor for both visits, but both were great.  Good bedside manner, attentive, and capable.  They called a few days after each visit to check in and make sure I was comfortable with the medication and improving as expected.  And to top it off, the charges were quite low (in my opinion) for the services completed, which was great because I was paying out of pocket as I had not yet met my deductible.  I will, however, add that my boyfriend has also gone there (he saw a different doctor).  He came home complaining that she cut him off and would not let him speak or fully explain his pain/symptoms.  He felt she did not seem all that interested in diagnosing him.  Instead, she just wrote him a prescription and told to follow up with his primary care doctor (which he does not yet have).  Clearly the actual doctor has a huge impact on your overall experience.  I will happily return if I find myself in need of urgent care in the future.
1	NEVER go here. HORRIBLE Experience. I waited over an hour and a half to be seen while the place was EMPTY...then they handed me a contaminated dixie cup without using gloves to collect a urine sample. Then, they took my blood pressure FIVE times. On the last read they told me it appeared dangerously low. I asked for a manual reading and they never came back-- so I was not checked for blood pressure. Third, the doctor was a total creep and asked me about 100 intimate questions not related to my treatment- Last, the doctor gave me completely incorrect information about my medical condition.  I will NEVER go here again and I will make sure that no one I know EVER uses Concentra.
5	Despite other reviews, we've gone here and never had a bad experience. They always get us in and out in under an hour. The staff is friendly and caring. The doctors are very skilled. They've treated my son and I for a variety of things during times our regular doctors couldn't see us.
1	What a disappointing experience. Not feeling well and knowing my Primary Care Doctor's office had closed I decided to run to Urgent Care.  Unfortunately this was an upsetting experience. Upon arriving I was quoted 25 minutes. After 40 minutes I approached the bench and was told it was 25 minutes until I would be checked in...not what I was told. I wsa finally asked to Check In and asked how long it would be to get to see the doctor.  She said that would be another 25 minutes and to finally see the doctor could be another 45 minutes..Seriously? I decided to stick with them and finally made it back to see the doctor. The nurse was nice and when the doctor finally arrived she was nice as well and addressed my concerns very thoroughly.  Unfortunately my last ten minutes were the best, but overall what I nightmare.
1	Not a great place.  Called and were told they  weren't busy and could get us in and out in less than 30 minutes. 15 minutes later we pulled up and they had locked the doorsThey were there.  Lights on.  Rude. Could have suggested another place or explained the misinformation or a we are sorryNo.  Instead waved arms mouthed we are closed and turned away. Tried to call.  They stood and didn't pick up the callMakes one wonder what the medical care is like.  Guess they skipped the class on Bedside Manners 101.
5	I've been to my share of "Doc in the Boxes" in my life and this could have been THE best one I've ever been too! I had just the opposite experience as my Yelp buddy Kate.....they quoted me a time and I got in FASTER that what they promised! And got out even faster! Woo hoo!The staff was very nice, and the facility is less than 5 years old and it is MUCH BIGGER inside that how it appears from the exterior.I have never been offered anything to drink before at a medical clinic (yes WINE would have been my preferred choice but the water sufficed).......Still it helped my swollen scratchy throat.This facility is clean and the lady Doctor was pleasant and efficient....which is exactly what I wanted and needed!From my other fellow Yelpers, it appears that this place isn't consistent in its operations. But I can only rate it based upon my experience and, in COMPARISION to other Urgent Care facilities, this was a 5 star experience (IF that's even conceivable at a medical facility)!
