4	My oven blew out the heater element - Bam! - called Lewis, and they sent Frank out. He fixed it, tested it, cleaned up, and then helped me with my doorbell (N/C).I've been using this locally owned business for twenty years now, and they are always prompt, reliable and reasonable prices for appliance repair.  they fixed my washing machine, and dryer too.  Don't throw that appliance away - Be Green and re-use, re-cycle, and reduce consumption by repairing instead of replacing
5	My Maytag Washer was off balance AGAIN.   I didn't want a new machine, so when I called Lewis Appliance, they seemed familiar with the problem.   The lady answering the phone said they would need the machine over night.   She also gave me an estimate for repairing the machine.   The over night turned into 6 days, and the estimate was way under.........   The men that returned the machine were very nice, and said that it was the best machine ever made, and it should continue to work for another 20 years.   I hope they're right.   I'll give them 5 stars, if they are!It's still GREAT, so they get their 5 stars.   They also came out when I was afraid it was off balance AGAIN, and said it was behaving normally.   I just had to open the lid and adjust the clothes inside.
5	They did a great job repairing my washing machine and ice maker. Highly recomended. Great customer service and price.
5	My fridge and freezer had been slowly been getting warmer and warmer. So much so, that the freezer wouldn't even freeze bread. I was looking for an honest and reliable repair person and  Vince was referred to us. He was on time, found the problem right away, and it was soon fixed. If you need an honest person, call Vince at Lewis Appliance. I highly recommend this company!
1	I called the company this morning to request service to my refrigerator and washing machine. I called at 7:50 am to find out that they opened at 8:00.  No worries, I will call back at 8:00.  Called back at 8:02 and left a detailed voice mail message.  No call back.  Then I called at 8:22, 8:39, 8:33 only to get voice mail again.  No, I didn't leave a message because I had already done so at 8:02.  Ok, one more time at 8:47.  No answer and it went to voice mail.  Let's see, it's 11:40 right now and still no call back.  It will be interesting to see if they ever call back at all.  I called Dr. Appliance (found on the internet) and he has already been here and left.  Advice to companies, answer your phone or return your calls.  It's the difference between a satisfied or unsatisfied customer.
