5	Nothing makes me happier than an old school, full service butcher, except for an old school, full service, and socially/environmentally responsible butcher. And that's what these guys are.Nearly direct delivery from farm to store; minimal processing; humane and respectful treatment of the animals - it all makes for a great product. The new storefront is very nice - it reminds me of a modern/contemporary farmhouse style, with lots of hardwood surfaces and a nice airy feel.Staff was incredibly friendly and informative on opening day. Even though they were busy, my questions were answered and the service was excellent.You can browse and grab prepackaged cuts of meat, including chicken, beef, or pork, via the huge cooler section. Or, you can get personalized service from the fine folks behind the counter.I chose six packs of the boneless/skinless chicken breasts, which were on sale for an incredible $5/lb. WIN!!Check out was a breeze; they take cash or credit/debit. They also have a selection of sodas, cheese, and, if I had to venture a prophetic guess, I'd bet they'll be serving made-to-order sandwiches and the like at some point in the near future.Great grand opening; I'm excited to see what the future holds! And, fwiw, the Shorewood shopping center is quickly becoming one of my favorite areas... Penzey's, the Cutlery Store, and now The Conscious Carnivore - all in one spot!!
5	Stopped in shortly after the grand opening.  Everyone was extremely helpful and informative of the meats and products they offer.  We bought a wide selection, including red wattle pork shoulder and halal leg of lamb.  The pork, cooked low and slow, was fantastic.  Buttery, great pork flavor that you miss from normal grocery store selection pork.  The leg of lamb was a bit high in cost per pound but it was the freshest, most beautiful leg of lamb I have ever purchased.  I can't wait to try the Red Wattle pork belly I tucked into the freezer.  We will be back - often.
5	I LOVE YOU, Conscious Carnivore!  You're making my transition to only organic, grass fed, humanely raised, local meat so effin' easy!  And the prices were in line with what is offered at area grocery stores (shipped, frozen, from who knows where?).  Knowledgeable, friendly staff.  Definitely making this my only choice for meat/poultry shopping needs.  If they offered sandwiches to order, I might be there every day.
5	Simply said ... Fantastic !!!!
5	This is the first company for which I've felt compelled to write a yelp review. I discovered Black Earth Meats just a few weeks before Conscious Carnivore opened. I haven't bought meat from a grocery store since. If you haven't tried grass fed or Berkshire pork before, I would highly recommend it. You don't have to be foodie to appreciate what these folks do, you just need a refined palate. Apart from the ethics of humane farming practices, there is also a clear gain in the flavor and complexity of the meat. THE PRICES ARE VERY REASONABLE. The staff is not pretentious like their local competitors and you can expect honest and friendly service. If you take one of their classes, expect to walk away with a full stomach, a smile, and a generous amount of meat. Thanks Chris, Joe, and Ben!
5	Come in and strike up a convo, these folks know meat!  The prices are excellent (beat that dodgy chain across the street, Metcalf'es and the Co-Op) and you can tell these guys really care about their craft.  I love walking in and asking them what i should make for dinner.  The next time you are grocery shopping be sure to plan to stop here for your proteins.  Sure it is another stop, but these guys are pros, the prices are excellent and the quality is unmatched.
5	My husband and I usually come once/month to stock up for the remainder of the month- I've found that the prices here are less than Whole Foods and Willy Street for a similar product, which I didn't expect.  The staff are friendly and helpful, they always have samples, and the place is extremely clean....super clean.  Great quality meat-everything we've purchased so far has been fantastic!
5	Positive experience all around at the Conscious Carnivore. I went in for some bacon for a recipe on a Sunday afternoon. A butchering class was going on, which looked like fun. It sounds like they offer additional classes as well and I was told by the cashier that their suppliers often come in to host informal chats with patrons. CC offers house-smoked bacon, which ended up working well in a butternut squash recipe. I perused the offerings a little. Reasonable prices for high quality, fresh meats and fish. Since the class was going on and people were blocking the entire right hand side of the store, I couldn't check out one of the cases with frozen food (something they may want to consider accounting for in the future). Employees were friendly and helpful.
5	So. Much. Yes.Hits: knowledgeable staff, great product, and fair prices. Misses: Some interesting hours - you may want to call before venturing over. Hints:  They have weekly sales that are listed on facebook.  The deals make meal planning that much easier.Bottom-line: Grab your meat here and you will know what you are putting in your belly.
5	The commitment to customer satisfaction and great products are immediately felt when you enter the shop.  This crew is dedicated to their store and to madison.  We are lucky to have such a professional and tasty option in madison.
5	I've visited this place twice and both times I've been enamoured with how the butchers are so helpful.  We've tried the breakfast sausage, which was good.  Our parents are so hard to purchase for at Christmas so when we discussed a possible meat package for them- the butcher provided us with excellent suggestions.  We are going to come back and make our Christmas package!
4	I had a good experience with the Conscious Carnivore. We ordered a 6lb beef tenderloin for our annual Christmas party. I called about a week beforehand, asked for the price of the beef, and the young woman on the phone couldn't answer me for sure. She offered to call back with pricing, and I said that was fine. She did return my call and tell me the price, which was satisfactory to me. So I ordered the tenderloin and specifically told her that I wanted it to be a whole 6lb tenderloin (not two three-pound tenderloins, for example).Unfortunately she either didn't listen, didn't write it down, or it got lost in translation somewhere. When my husband went to pick it up, it was two three-pound tenderloins. I was pretty unhappy because I had specifically asked for a whole one and the woman on the phone said that that would not be a problem. The quality of the meat was excellent, and the butchers go out of their way to make sure the meat is tied correctly for even cooking. That is a HUGE plus in my book. In addition, they make sure all the silver skin is off the beef, which is, again, a huge plus. Everyone at my party complimented the meat and asked where we got it, and it was tender and delicious even though I overcooked it slightly. I would definitely go back to the Conscious Carnivore again, but I don't know if I'd order a big cut of meat again because I'm not willing to chance that the order gets messed up.
4	Conscious Carnivore, getting you in touch with your inner socially responsible cavemanGeez, I'm getting a serious case of the meat sweats just thinking about all the meaty goodness contained with the four walls of the Conscious Carnivore.  As a semi-serious home cooking enthusiast, it's a joy to have to join the Madison food scene. Not only do they have a wide variety of cuts (I've been searching for hanger and skirt steaks for several years), but I get to choose between organic, grass-fed and local options.  The quality of the products I've purchased is top notch, especially the standing rib roast I picked up for Thanksgiving dinner.  They also have excellent weekly specials and special cuts (like a skin-on Mangalitsa pork loin - WOW) communicated on their Facebook page LINK Generally, when I hear the terms like organic and locally sourced, I expect to pay a hefty premium, but that is not the case at CC. Their prices are on par with what I pay at the local Piggy Wiggly here in Waunakee.Pro tip: CC is a CSA pick up point for Black Earth Meats the third Wednesday of every month.I've experienced excellent service at CC.  I get a warm greeting every time I've entered the store and a staff member (or two) always asks if they can assist in any way.  The store offers various cooking and butchering classes and frequent product sampling events where you can meet their suppliers.  CC also is a pick-up point for In addition to meat, they stock local beers and cheeses.  They even serve Colectivo coffee! Food coma coming on.  Must..finish...review...
5	Read Steve's review. I'd copy and paste it if I could ;). Humane treatment of animals. Classic butchering techniques. Incredible line up of classes. And one of the best briskets I've ever eaten! Go when you have time to chat them up as opposed to rushing in and out. They're happy to share processing techniques, cooking techniques, just about any info you're up for learning. So glad to have an extension of Black Earth Meats closer to me!
4	Whew, the first whiff in the door almost left me running for cover. Fortunately, I braved it through to discover a whole new world!There is a great selection of different cuts of meat as well as a case full of different types of brats. With the help of the lovely young man at the counter, I ended up picking out a couple of the traditional brats and the pickle&cheese brats for a picnic/grill-out! Prices are reasonable, and everything - and I mean EVERYTHING - looked super fresh. I definitely wouldn't have minded paying a little extra for such good looking meat, but as I mentioned, the prices were comparable to a local grocery store. As for the brats, I really wish that I had all of the typical condiments to go along with them so that I could really get the full effect of a nice, juicy Wisconsin brat,  but unfortunately, we only had dijon mustard at the grill-out so I ended having the brats au naturale - which honestly weren't bad either. I think they were quite a hit at the picnic! I'd definitely recommend The Conscious Carnivore to all my meat-eating, grill-loving friends - if only for the novelty.
5	This place is the best. All the meat I have tried has been delicious and fairly priced, but mostly I like that I know what I am eating and where it is coming from. I sincerely wish everyone would buy their meat here.
