4	A very new restaurant arrived in South Chandler/Ocotillo area near my home in the space formerly housing Sautee Restaurant. A friend and I went for lunch today. The decor is modern and fun without being cold. A nice outdoor patio with a really cool fireplace is a great feature for cool evenings. Booths were comfortable and a variety of other seating options were offered including high tops. All the tableware is unique and attractive. Looks like the water glasses are sourced locally from DiSciacca in Chandler, but that's a guess. Focaccia bread and water were brought to the table quickly with a delicious, herb-y compound butter.We shared a wine poached pear rocket salad with candied pecans and fried feta. Yum! Dressing was the perfect tang to compliment along with a very decent glass of Petite Sirah. The wine list was interesting if not large. Tastes were available before purchase.We also shared a brie and blackberry flatbread which was topped with the same rocket salad greens with balsamic dressing. I think this menu item was just ok. The greens didn't really add to the flatbread with that particular combination of ingredients. I will try their garden flatbread next time.We also shared a dessert which was a cheesecake duo; one side was mandarin orange flavored and the other side was plain served in a bed of raspberry creme. The orange side was dense but still moist and the orange flavor was delightful. The other side was just dense and rather dry. Coffee was adequately strong and hot. From their Chamber of Commerce entry: "Table 49 is a contemporary American restaurant on the cutting edge of ethnic cuisine fusion. Our menu is comprised of a vast array of modern style techniques and flavors resulting in one of a kind signature dishes that are sure to impress. Table 49 is beautifully designed around soft lighting, large leather booths, and a spectacular bar that encompass our family style Chefs table. Perfect for any occasion, Table 49 is your destination for comfort and style."We will definitely give this place another try.
2	I visited Table 49 in The Promenade at Fulton Ranch for lunch today. This was my first visit since it opened. The restaurant itself has colorful decor, especially above the grill (may be from the previous resident Sautee), and the glassware was swirly. Unfortunately, hip-hop music was playing throughout the restaurant - not exactly conducive to older patron dining.I was seated as soon as I walked in, likely because there were few people dining there, but noticed the 3 waitstaff loitering in front of the grill. My server was nudged by another to take me to my table. While she brought me water with lemon at the get-go before taking my drink order, I was at no time offered bread. Not that I would have been able to eat it (I'm g-free), but still...I ordered the filet mignon blue cheese salad, which seemed the safest, since it comes without croutons. It was fine (butter lettuce, cherry tomatoes, applewood bacon & blue cheese sprinkles), though the buttermilk blue cheese dressing had too much bite for my taste. Presentation was simple & elegant. My server checked back with me twice, but never offered to refill my iced tea.The lunch menu items are the same as what's served through the day (appetizers, burgers, salads, flatbreads, pastas), with entrees excluded till evening. The menu itself had at least two typos on it (really, "Hapy Hour"?) and I found the prices excessive for the area. I understand having to work out the kinks, but I think this place needs more than just some fine tuning. I probably won't go there again.
4	My boyfriend and I came here after church on Sunday and sat on the patio.  The server took a while to get to us but the drinks were worth the wait.  We had the lemon tini's and it was amazing.  The flavor was tart, sweet and the froth stayed at the top.  The pour was definently short for a martini but the happy hour price made that okay.  We also tried the beet salad.  This was amazing. Do not try the calamari --it was super greasy.  All in all we will make this a regular stop.
4	This is owned by Va Bene , a fine dining restaurant favorite of ours in Chandler.  They have not disappointed us with the quality of the food.  We had Chicken with chiles and ribs and pork belly.  They serve a delicious bread with a herb butter.  We ate in the bar, and it was especially busy that day.  The bar staff was attentive and friendly.  This will be our go to friendly neighborhood restaurant and fun bar.
3	Nice environment, terrific server and convenient location.  Limited wine list, dinner was disappointing as we expected a better dining experience.  Asparagus soup was thin.  Fish sandwich was bland and tasteless. Short rib burger was average and lacked flavor.  Glasses were dirty.  Lighting at the table was inadequate. May go back because it's close to home, but it won't become a favorite.
3	I'll re-review after they've been open more than a couple of weeks. This is a super new place. We've been twice, but the second time we didn't eat. love the decor. The first time we sat at the bar, which has a wall across from patrons that opens up to the outside. Really great on a nice day! The bartender and bar back were friendly and fast. I had a beet salad and my husband had the steak. Both of them were "good" meals. Not amazing, but quite good. A negative... VERY few wines by the glass.the second time we sat on the patio near a beautiful modern gas fire. The patio is gorgeous. That time... there was just us and one other couple on the deck. A male server/staff person was chatting at their table, about three over from us. It looked like they were friends of his. He never even looked at us. Enough time went by that I was about to get up and say "yo... HELLO" when a young woman server came to our table. From that point on... service was good. I get we might not have been in his "area" and he may not be a "server" but that was ridiculous. If you work there you don't stand around and chat and laugh with a table while ignoring new customers.
4	Ok so been here twice now... Happy hour is good food is ok the service is great. The drinks are very fair priced even off HH. However the lunch/dinner menu seems attractive but is way over priced especially for lunch. I hope this place makes it an makes the tweaks needed to be a great Ocotillo spot.
4	I went with some girlfriends tonight.  Tyler was our server, very helpful in previous diners like/dislikes.  The calamari appetizer was good, but order sauce on the side.  The sliders were big.  The Pear salad was yummy.  I had the mushroom flatbread was ok, seemed to need dipping sauce.  The cheesecake duo was good as well.  Looking forward to trying again.
5	Our dining out group (party of 10) enjoyed our first experience at this new spot close to home in Chandler.  We've purposely waited for them to work out the kinks (as read in other reviews) and we weren't disappointed.  Our waiter, Nathan, was attentive, knowledgeable and had a great attitude.  We asked for separate 'party' checks and he did so, accurately, without a single complaint.   We were varied in our menu choices, but everyone said they loved their selections.  I had the Coconut Shrimp Soup and the Beet Salad.  The soup was served piping hot (just the way I like it) and was flavorful with 4 small shrimp and accented with chile oil.  I have had a better soup elsewhere, but I'm not saying this wasn't good.  It was.  The beet salad presentation was beautiful and every bite had a variety of tasty flavors...a beet 'schmear' was accented with a nice chunk of goat cheese (there were a couple of others on the plate, as well), the greens were perfectly dressed and the beets were sweet and tender.  I heard great comments about the daily special fish - escolar with roasted potatoes and cauliflower.  The sauce, which we think was squash, was a bit bland though very colorful.  Five people had the smoked chicken with cherry sauce.  It is a quarter or half chicken (I didn't pay much attention).  The salad with rare tuna (think carpaccio thin - nice!) was lovely and the chicken/fettucine is a savory, spicy dish.We only had beer and wine, but they have a nice selection of each and the prices were reasonable. We loved the decor and especially the change (from the old restaurant which occupied the space) in the bar area, which really opened things up.  There is a lovely outdoor dining area and a beautiful fireplace.We shall return and support our new restaurant at Chandler Heights Blvd/Alma School Road.
3	Love the patio!!  Great decor and ambiance.  Food was okay.  I got the salmon salad and my husband got the rigatoni bolognese.  Unlike the other diners around us, we did not receive bread nor were we offered any.  The biggest disappointment was dessert.  They don't have a menu, and our server said let me check what we have available, she comes back lists 5 items, we order one, then she comes back and says sorry we only have 2, wtf?  It was 6:30 on a Saturday and you have a choice of 2 desserts?  We didn't order either.  The price was very reasonable.
4	I had the citrus salmon salad for my dinner for $14 and was pleasantly surprised with the large portion of salmon that I received.   The fish was cooked perfectly and the dressing was tasty and not overwhelming.   I was with a group of 4 people and we had a few appetizers, a few glasses of wine, a soup, and a variety of entrees, and the deserts.  The menu isn't very large but it is diverse.   Everyone in the group enjoyed their meals and the food I didn't get a chance to try looked appealing.
3	Will have to give it a other chance, but the menu is full of spelling errors and they list Blue Moon as an import beer, imported from Colorado I guess.  I wanted to see about their happy hour but only found the Hapy hour menu and the normally wood FIRED chicken was apparently wood FRIED.  Hope this isn't an indication of the detail they put into the food and drink.
2	We tried this out last night and I so wanted to love it....but just couldn't.  We went during happy hour and tried the flatbread, the calamari, and the bruschetta.  The food was so ordinary and I had been expecting amazing things from the reputation of the other restaurants owned by this group.  Trendy looking bar ware was over shadowed by the fact that it had spots giving the appearance of being dirty.  Hoping some time will bring big improvements so we feel good about going back.
3	Tried this restaurant for a second time during Happy Hour on the patio.  The bar/patio were very sparsely populated about 5:30 on a Wednesday night.  We were disappointed in the limited food options on the Happy Hour menu - primarily flatbreads, but included a couple of mac 'n cheese options, plus calamari and sliders.  I opted for a pesto and chicken flatbread, while hubby went for a regular burger.  My flatbread was pretty much tasteless....not a hint of pesto flavor and the chicken was boring.  Hubby's burger was perfectly cooked and the fries were piping hot and delicious, but the burger had a couple of gristely spots which weren't very appealing.  Overall, the service was pretty slow considering how empty the place was.  We may try it again, but it won't be our 'go to' place for a quick bite out.
2	This is a beautiful restaurant near our neighborhood in Ocotillo, South Chandler area. This was the second time we have been there and really was hoping that the food had improved. The service is very good and so are the drinks. Attentive, friendly, knowledgeable staff is a plus. We sat in the bar area on a Friday night, since the restaurant was mostly empty. We ordered the Rotisserie Chicken Flatbread which was bland and soggy (should be crispy). We also ordered the Shrimp Cakes which were much better, but still on the bland side. For such a beautiful place, with a great staff, why is the food consistently bland and average? Same as last time.  Sadly, this will be a place we go for drinks, but not dinner.
4	This place gets an A for effort but B-/C+ for execution. The food was tasty but overdone. Nice atmosphere and friendly service.  Burger was spiced nicely but served well done (ordered medium).Flatbread sounded good but was bland in actuality. Will try again after they practice a little more
5	We had fantastic service and great food. The decor matched the service - excellent. The salmon and trout was cooked perfect and presentation for both was 5 star! The Filet Mignon Salad was totally awesome! We are glad we have an outstanding dining place in South Chandler. We will return to this restaurant!
3	My reviews are mixed, but I would give it another shot for sure. I will return sometime later this year and see how it stacks up then. The atmosphere is fantastic. My wife and I arrived around 7:30 on a Friday night and waited for about 15 minutes for a seat. The 15 minute wait was not an issue, well until we were seated, we walked around the corner to a half empty restaurant. I would have rather have been seated and had to wait to order while sipping a beer than to sit in the waiting area.We started with the soups. I had tomato basil and my wife had the seafood bisque. Both were ok, but nothing great. For dinner I had the filet mignon salad and the wife had the chablis salmon. My wife loved her salmon. She would order it again for sure. When I got my salad I kind of had to look at it a few times and think if I wanted to try it. It did not look appealing at all.  I will admit, it tasted a lot better than it looked. It actually tasted pretty good.The good news was the prices were very reasonable. Overall Id give it like a B-. It was good, but not great. The soups really need some work. The service needs a little work, but the entrees at least on this night saved the day. We will give this one a second shot as it is a borderline "work into our rotation" spot.
5	Good food selection... Good staff... Good value!
5	Ate dinner around 6pm on Saturday. We were seated right away. Our waiter (Tyler) was very knowledgable and quick. We ordered the shrimp cakes for an appetizer and they were delicious. They also provide bread and a herb seasoned butter.
3	Adding to the list of things I don't understand...flatbread(s).  They're neither bread or pizza...but they are flatCan someone tell what the big deal is?In any event I ordered two.  One with mushrooms and one with brie and raspberry something or another.  Overall they were not bad...but I still don't get it.Also ordered the sliders and they came out far better than average.Got there before 6 PM so everything was $6 each...not bad.Not a 4, probably a 3.5.
5	I've been to this place for happy hour and dinner.  Th menu is spectacular with an array of deliciously prepared entrees.  I love the salmon with risotto.  They have many gluten free items.  Shaun usually serves us.  He's a knowledgeable bartender gives great service.  The full bar will surely quench anyone's thirsty palette.
2	Heard about this place when it first opened with some not so great reviews. Got a deal on living social and decided to try it out for myself. Hostess sat us at a booth with a non working light. We decided to move ourselves to another booth so we could read the menu. About 10 minutes later our server came over to ask us for our drink orders. I ordered a "white appletini" which arrived with no garnish and tasted like water mixed with apple pucker. We ordered bruschetta and 2 salads asking for the bruschetta to come out first. The bruschetta arrived about 15 minutes later looking less than appetizing. Immediately after the bruschetta arrived, our server showed up at the table with our salads. My husband got the filet mignon salad which had a nice presentation but contained a sickening amount of bleu cheese crumbles (and I really like bleu cheese). I had the ahi tuna salad which again, had a decent presentation but really lacked any substantial flavor. It was very blah. I decided to order dessert trying to enjoy something from this experience. I ordered the chocolate molten lava cake which was delicious but being in the food and beverage industry, I know came pre made from a food distributor. It really is a shame that this place is lacking in the service and meal department. The ambiance is great and you can tell that someone put a great deal of thought into the design. For a Saturday night the place was bare...perhaps this is why they went with the living social 50% off promotion. Hopefully they can figure it out before they become another chandler casualty.
3	Unfortunately, as of 09/18/2013 this place is now closed.
1	So nice of them to close while they are currently offering a deal on Living Social. Don't forget to request a refund if you recently purchased yours!
3	Table 49's owner shut down and will re open as another Va Bene.  It's will have live music like the original location on chandler blvd.
5	My husband and I went for dinner and it was fantastic! The place is super cute- larger then it looks.  The service was top notch, Melissa and Kevin were on top of it all night. I would definitely recommend this place.
