5	Sitara opened on Tuesday, September 3, 2013. The owner used to be the counterman at Bombay at 4th & Green in campus.Unlike Bombay, Sitara serves on china plates with metal flatware, waiter service and nicer digs all around.I had the spicy fish chili  for $7.99 at lunch.  The Fish Chili has large chucks of whitefish and green peppers in a hot brown sauce. Excellent, with a nice kick to it. This place will be a regular lunch stop for Downtown Urbana folks.  Prices are reasonable, about the same as the Bombay at 4th & Green, but not eating off of styrofoam with plastic forks.  Lunch entrees were $5.99, $6.99 and $7.99.Sitara is in the space formerly occupied by the Embassy, The Red Star Liquors, and Black Rock Pizza; all across the street from Busey Bank's parking lot on Race Street between Elm and Main.
4	Good Indian Food, fair price, quick friendly service. Only cons were that the music videos on the TV appeared to be on a 20 minute loop, the songs got a little repetitive. And no samosa? I'm hoping that the menu will grow with time and I am aware that this place has a really small kitchen so Im sure that they are limited on what they can prepare. All things considered, it's a good place to get Indian food in Urbana (your other choice is to cross Wright street), oh and they deliver!
4	Chicken Vindaloo and Tandori Chicken... (yeah, I like chicken!) was had today for lunch.  It was way good.  The naan was massive.  The staff was on top of things.  one star off for making me ask for Raita for my Tandori chicken.. come on!  Overall it was great.i'll be back.ps. thanks for not being an Indian Buffet spot, there is a time and a place for that, but not in downtown Urbana.  Make us order dishes, and not have to waddle out big american style.
4	Really good Indian, especially enjoyed the chicken tiki marsala and the naan. The yellow dal was a little runny for my personal taste, but still very flavorful. Generally good service (I have a toddler, and they were VERY supportive and attentive to what we needed), although a couple missteps. All in all, we're headed back again!
4	Went back again for take out. Portions were great and the flavor was above average. Ordered the lamb vindaloo, and got a heaping container of vindaloo and another good sized container for rice. And the garlic naan was very very good. When I stopped by to pick it up I asked one of the staff members why Somosa wasn't on the menu, he said "it's on the dinner menu, you can ask for it any time"Very helpful and friendly staff. Food is still good and at a fair price.
4	Been going there  two a week now. We had Curry fish, Aloo Gobi, Lamb Saag today. Curry was very rich and savory without strong scents of coconut. Aloo was unbelievable with bright reddish tomato paste. Lamb Saag, the saag still surprises me every time and it's a full bowl of lamby lamb chops today.
5	Love the decor and the food is even better to me than Bombay. Nice people working there. I love the lamb vindaloo for $9 at lunch.
5	Lamb Kadai - too die for! Not as spicy as I like, but very good. Garlic naan is fab, definitely dragon-breath inducing. The non-veg sampler is full of safe choices for pickier eaters.
5	The food here is great! Full of flavor and very fresh. The restaurant is also very nice and clean and the staff are extremely professional. I'd go here instead of Bombay, the food is better and the prices are a lot cheaper!!!
5	This place is the real deal...Had panak paneer and lamb curry with naan and it was excellent. Would highly recommend and I will definitely be back in the future.
5	Amazing food and service. The owner is wonderful. My favorites are dal makahni and palak paneer. Extensive vegetarian menu. I love this place!
5	I am definitely a fan of the food at Sitara. The quality of the food is good, and the flavors are spot on. I've done both eating in and take out, and I would suggest doing take out if you're short on time because the service can be a bit slow. I personally feel like the entrees could be just a little bit bigger, and I wish they would add onion chutney to their chutney offerings.
2	First time here and I had an ok experience.  It's located two doors down from the Iron Post in Urbana.   The restaurant looks like a bar.... A really long bar with a dozen seats....not sure what the purpose of it was....I guess they didn't bother renovating from the previous tenants.  Then a bunch of booths and a few tables.... Think Black Dog but with more room.   I had my 1yr old with me and figured she'd love some chicken korma and rice.  She LOVES rice... But not here... korma is usually fairly mild (as stated in their menu) with lots of flavor, but this had a bit of a kick to it....my nose was running.  After three bites, she was spitting it out and pushing it away.   I also ordered some samosas, and they were really good, but again a bit of a kick and my daughter didn't like them.  We tried ordering a mango lassi from the menu, but the waiter said that they had a mango shake....i asked what the difference was and he just shrugged his shoulders and said, "They're similar".   Similar as in how?  He couldn't tell me.   He suggested mango juice, so I agreed and he basically sat a glass of mango concentrate in front of me.... Kind of gross.  From where we were seated, i had a decent view of the kitchen....I saw them putting a lot of things in the microwave....heard lots of beeping as dish after dish finished in there...not sure what they were nuking... Kind of made me uneasy.... I've been in enough restaurants, cooking classes and seen enough food network to know that microwaves aren't really used that often or at all?!   Anyway,  it was ok...but I'd opt for Bombay Indian Grill any day of the week.
3	Had dinner last night with a buddy from Australia who loves hot food.  The joint looked nice on the inside but as it was full we were offered seats at the bar, which was fine with us till the first appetizer arrived.  The design of the bar precludes one from bringing the plate closer than 6" from your face, horizontally - tricky transportation.  The second appetizer was served about 5 minutes after the first one.  We did move to a booth after the first appetizer.  We had aloo tikki and chicken chilly for appetizers,, and kadai lamb and shrimp vindaloo for entrees.  The vindaloo wasn't very authentic nor was it hot enough for either one of us.  Overall the food did taste good.  The service certainly could use a pick-up.  The dude who took our appetiizer order gave me the evil look when I said we'd be ordering dinner later and I had the privilege of getting a second evil look for no apparent rhyme or reason when he walked by our booth later.  Tony - the joint's Man Friday - rocks.  He was awesome and doubled as the bar tender, waiter, busboy whatever it took to ensure patrons were taken care of.  I did ask a young waitress for a beer and she said she wasn't our waitress and then did nothing about it.  Guess who you call - you got it... Tony!!!  This place would have got 4 stars if the service was better.
5	This is now my favorite Indian place in town.  The food was hot and good, portions were a bit small as usual with most indian places but it was still plenty for leftovers with some naan & two entrees.  The vegetable korma is the best in town.
4	Tried this place for lunch on a Saturday. The staff was nice and the vegetarian options were yummy and inexpensive ($14 for two lunch entrees and naan). It's a great addition to downtown Urbana and it's nice to have an option for Indian food outside of Bombay.
4	Owned by previous manager and Chef of Bombay Grill. Nice start, careful handling of customers. Maybe need to prune their menu, it is expansive. Recommended as the best option in Champaign-Urbana for Indian .....not saying much :-(
5	Quite easily the best (Northern) Indian restaurant in Champaign-Urbana, and one of the best I've been to anywhere. The food is fresh, and the range of flavors broad and well balanced. Spice level is very moderate and can be increased on request for those desiring a more invigorating experience. The napkins are cloth and quite absorbent, very capable of handling a level 3 Vendaloo's worth of forehead sweat.I'd list the dishes I prefer but they have all been excellent and I have no one favorite, though I do get the fish curry and chicken do pyaza more frequently than others. I love rice but choose paratha nine times out of ten, only occasionally getting rice or garlic naan. The samosas are perfect and don't forget the tamarind sauce, which is a great highlight to the main dish also.I'm not sure how anyone could give this place one star, especially having not even tried the food. The owner Bobby is a straight shooter, by all means check your ticket but I find it difficult to believe he or his staff are cheating the totals.
4	Oh. My. Goodness. They have an actual tandoor oven back there somewhere, and does it ever make a difference! I fell totally in love with the moist, flavorful garlic tandoori chicken. (It'll give you a heck of a breath, but it's worth it.) This knocks the other northern Indian restaurants in C-U right out.We went for dinner and had quite a wait; ended up eating at the bar, but that was okay. Next time we'll make sure to call ahead. The service was erratic--they were very short-staffed that night, and I expect they will probably work this out by the next time we go--but friendly. We had the chance to speak a bit with the owner, who was very friendly and informative. We will absolutely be going again.
4	Had the thaili(not sure if I spelt the name correct. It's on the last page of the menu) lunch. It was only $8.99, but contains chicken, rice, salad, and dessert! Like their Dessert very much. It was a kind of milk dessert, and seems contains rice. Creamy but not very sweet. And the sweet yogurt drink Tassi was also very good. It could be better if they have some cooked vegetables in the chicken meal.
4	Solidly good Indian fare. Went with a group and had the huge booth in the back. Good ambiance. Friendly servers. Good selection of 'ethnic' beers. Friends got the Flying Horse Royal Lager which was pretty awesome (light). All the apps and breads were tasty. My chicken korma was great. Was totally full, but still squeezed in some mango and pistachio ice cream. Certain to be my Chambana Indian restaurant for both in-house and take-out.
4	Great Indian food! Really delicious, generous portions. They have a Thali special is an amazing array of Indian favorites that is offered vegetarian or no vegetarian for $7.99 and $8.99 respectively. The also have a pretty well executed menu to choose from with a lot of traditional north Indian dishes. I love Indian food for all its complexity and flavor and this place did not leave me disappointed. Definitely try it out for a quick and delightful lunch.
3	Its alright. Good place to sit down, good decor etc. Samosas could have been better. I feel the food is kind of the same as all the other indian places in C-U.
1	Sitara Indian Restaurant and Lounge, 114 S. Race St., U:Inspected Nov. 2, by Champaign-Urbana Public Health District inspectors with an adjusted score of 30 (35 and below is a FAIL) and six critical violations, including making yogurt without a permit or license, chicken and beans out of safe temperature ranges and an employee talking on a cellphone while handling food in the kitchen. The restaurant was reinspected Dec. 2 with an adjusted score of 89.
5	When it comes to Indian this is the place. I have had almost everything under the chicken menu. Never disappoints. Great atmosphere and friendly staff. Prices are great and they have great deals on gift certificates too for the holiday season.
4	Food was spicy even it said to be mild. But the curry tasted very good. Nan was soft and warm!
2	We live in Chicago and have some pretty amazing Indian food up there. But since we come to Champaign/Urbana often I was so pumped to hear about this place opening.We came in and we were literally the only other people in there which was kind of a bummer. There was also no real signage out front and no real decoration inside. I've been to that space when it was the pizza place, and then when it was Red Star before that and not much has changed besides the fact that there were Bollywood movies playing.The service was fine, maybe a touch slow given that there was no one else there, but everyone was pleasant. The food was good too, perfectly spicy (and like spicy). I would surely come back. The only thing that worries me is the fact that they've failed health inspections. So what would've been a four star spot is now at two.
5	I love this Indian restaurant! I've been to many across Central Illinois and have even been to India. Their chicken mahkani is great and can be ordered at several levels of spicyness. Naan is great, too. The service has always been excellent. They even made lamb jalfrenzi for me even though it wasn't on the menu. In addition, their prices are some (if not the most) affordable in town!
1	I visited Sitara just after they had opened. There was a surprise inspection there at the same time. They had to shut off their oven ( which makes me wonder what was wrong in the first place) due to which we could not get any type of breads that we had previously ordered. This was told to us after waiting 30-40 mins for the food. They just got the curry along with rice and told us this is all they can make right now. No apologies, nothing. I heard good reviews about the food and went back to give it another shot. But the food failed to impress me. I tried a couple of different chicken dishes. The food was just average. Nothing great.  I even tried a bread other than the Naan. It was nothing like what it is supposed to be ( I am from India and I know what I'm ordering)
5	Should have discovered this place earlier. Best Indian restaurant in town with very reasonable prize. Awesome environment and good services. My boyfriend and I ordered sauteed shrimp as appetizer, a chicken entree, a lamb grill, plus two lasses for only a little over $30. The tandoori specialties are must-tries! I ordered seekh kabab, a lamb sausage kabab, and it tastes awesome!
3	Sitara was a pleasant surprise in the Indian food scheme of the C-U area, with good flavors and a casual but comfortable ambience.  The tandoori chicken was pleasantly tender and moist (a hit-or-miss in C-U).  Prices in general are OK, at $9-12 for entrees.  The only complaint is that the staff didn't cut up the naan, which made eating and sharing a bit awkward.  Stop by if you're in the area, for a casual lunch or dinner experience.
4	The restaurant was very clean and the service was good. The food was very rich, delicious and well spiced. I also found that their menu descriptions and spiciness ratings were accurate for the dishes we tried. Overall, a great value for the money. I have eaten at a lot of Indian restaurants in the bay area and Sitara is on par with big city cuisine. I recommend trying them!
4	Love Indian food, and a good spot for Indian isn't that easy to find around Urbana. I really enjoyed all the dishes I've had here so far, and the service matches the quality of the food. A great addition to the Urbana restaurant scene!
5	Sitara is an amazing restaurant.  The service is great and the food is amazing.  My 5 year old little girl absolutely loves to eat at Sitara.  My other 2 children love the food just as much as their 5 year old sister.  When we go there and sit down and eat my children love to watch the Indian videos that they have playing on the TV's.  The service is always quick and they are very attentive to what is going on around with each customer (even when they are super busy) .  The food is always amazing.  The cheese naan is very tasty.  We all would say Sitara is the best Indian food in Champaign-Urbana.  Sitara is the only Indian restaurant we will ever eat at again! Thank you for such great service and the amazing food.  All 3 of my children get to pick where they go for their birthday dinner and it has been Sitara for all 3 of them!!!!
4	Yeah yeah, food and service are pretty good, but let's talk about what really needs to happen here... Sitara needs to take better advantage of the beautiful bar and their endless stock of Bollywood films. Turn this bad boy into a Bollywood discotheque after hours. HMU when that's a thing, and I'll change my rating from a 4 star to a 5.
4	After hearing from a friend that the Chef and manager who had previously worked at Bombay was working at this new restaurant, we had to go. My girlfriend and I had been going to Bombay almost every week for two years but noticed a gradual decline in the quality of the food. The food we were looking for was at Sitara.The food was just as great as it was before. I always get the chicken korma 2x spicy while my girlfriend gets the (Sitara) chicken aloo also 2x spicy. The naan amazing and a must-have.The only reason I am giving this a 4 is because the service is very dependent upon your server. Sometimes everything will be perfect, other times you'll be ignored from the time you get your food to when you get the check handed to you without a thing being said.
4	I absolutely love this place and get the same thing every time: The shrimp vendaloo spicy x2. The naan is incredible and for lunch it's around $8.00. My only complaint is that the bar is underutilized. They need to do something with the decor to make that more appealing.
5	I've been here at least 5 times since my last review and I've yet to be dissatisfied. I've found that all things lamb are where it's at. The biryani is awesome and the portions are huge. They have different levels of spiciness and I thought a 4 would be perfect for me since I LOVE spicy, red lips, runny nose foods. The server said I should try a 3 because it's pretty hot... he was right! It was too spicy (BY A LOT) for my sister and perfect for me. They have a very tasty mango lassi also that goes well with the ridiculously spicy meals I tend to order. The owner makes rounds and talks with customers which was nice.
5	I'm here on a weekly basis, often multiple times a week to get my fix. I've finally had a less than ideal experience and I'm so happy that the owner handled it perfectly. I would hate to lose my delicious Indian food because of one unpleasant experience! As soon as the owner heard of my displeasure, he handled it immediately and appropriately. I still love, love, love this place!
5	This place is the best Indian food in the CU area. The Chicken Korma and the Naan are to die for. I can't get enough of Sitara!
5	One of my favorite places to eat. Very reasonably priced and the food is delicious. I suggest the chicken tika masala, lamb vindaloo and the garlic naan. I highly recommend it! Service is also polite. They make sure that you always have enough to drink and are speedy.
4	Came in for lunch and had the chicken vindaloo. The curry was good, had good flavor and the right amount of spiciness. I have tried all but 1 other of the Indian restaurants in the CU area and this is at the top of the list so far.1 star deducted for 2 reasons:1. Service was subpar. The glass of water I got was lukewarm. Had maybe 1 sip of water left in the glass and the server looked at my table, walked by a few times without refilling, went back behind the bar and was on his phone. About the 4th time he finally came back and finally refilled the water....with more lukewarm water.2. The vindaloo had broccoli in it. I've had vindaloo plenty of times and have had different places add a variety of veggies, but never crunchy broccoli. It was kind of random and kind of seemed like it was a random vegetable added to the dish to stay true to the menu that said "a curry with assorted veggies". Honestly it took away from the dish. I would most probably come back here and try another dish and hope that service is a little better.
4	I am new to the area and am starting to test out restaurants.  This one did not disappoint.  I deducted one star because the delivery time was going to take an eternity, so I had to go pick it up.  I know that doesn't sound like a huge hardship, but I was already in my PJs and parking is a little tricky there.  That said, the food was great.  I ordered the following:Samosas:  they were crispy and soft in the perfect way.  The potato filling was super tasty and they are not shy with spices. The green dipping sauce (sorry, no idea what it's called) was spicy and delicious.  I could eat these all day.  Probably shouldn't.Veggie curry: Fantastic!  Great mix of veggies, not too much cream. Even better reheated the next day.  Finishing it as I type.I look forward to eating there, it looks like a cute, laid-back space.
4	Clean and nice atmosphere. Waiters were attentive and gave refills when needed. Lunch was garlic nan, chicken tikka masala, and side of rice. Food was pretty good in comparison to the authentic foods I had in India.
4	Lunch special Thalis offer a nice variety. Otherwise, the rice dishes, e.g number 37, is another great option for people who enjoy tasting a little bit of everything, and want to avoid the stress of deciding which curries and rice or naan to order a la carte. Fair prices, tasty food, and comfortable location.
5	Hands down best Indian food in the Champaign-Urbana area. Good location. Priciest of all the options but a great deal considering the quality of food. Let me start with the lassi, which they make. It is the perfect consistency not too thick- to die for. Then, their samosas and fried paneer are just perfectly done and spiced. The butter chicken curry, malai kufta, and lamb vindaloo are all amazingly mouthwatering. The flavor is done just right. The meat and vegetables are pronounced and mix subtly well with the spices. So good. The basmati rice is freshly cooked and the naan is warm and soft. But definitely try their aloo paratha- that is one decision you will never regret! My stomach is growling now... But to finish off they have a nice selection of desserts which includes mango kulfi that comes sliced like a cake! A+ for taste and presentation. So much better than Bombay Grills which tasted like a 7-11 Slushie! I would definitely go to Sitara over any other restaurant in Champaign-Urbana 100 times out of 100.
5	Friendly attentive service, serving tasty Indian cuisine. I've had their biryani and lamb vindaloo. Both dishes were beautifully prepared and came piping hot from the kitchen. The naan is very good here as well. I've had the garlic and cheese varieties (so far).I like my food spicy and they had no problem making my order spicier than usual. The Bollywood shows they have on the TVs provided good entertainment during the meal as well.Overall I'd say this place is deserving of the good ratings it has received so far.
5	I'm not sure what kind of drugs they're putting in their food but I am seriously addicted. I struggle not to eat there more than once a week. It's not just some of the best Indian/curry around, it's some of the best food of any genre I have found in C-U. I am so thankful my coworkers took me here as I am from Colorado and have been struggling to find good restaurants around the area. Highly recommend the chicken tikka masala with rice and naan. I haven't even ordered it with any spice but I hear good things. Check em out!
