3	Comfortable seats to watch games and races on the jumbo TVs, but in general the payouts seem lower. I usually go to MGM properties, if not MGM itself.
3	this is a big sports book. but, nothing impressive about it. the best part really is its' proximity to the Poker room. otherwise, Meh. I've experienced better.
3	Needs renovation for sure, especially given its history.  Gary Selesner, head of the hotel for 4 years now has virtually renovated everything.  He will get to this in time, and when he will, it will be the best in town. Because most people walk past it to get to the FORUM SHOPPS, its one of the strip's best spots for people watching, PERIOD. Bathrooms are close as is the poker room, and Munch Bar for food and snacks.  You can do better, and you can do worse. Lot of screens.
2	I have never really been sold on Caesars. It's a solid place with some decent restaurants and a decent casino, but I think there are better places on the strip. Unfortunately, this carries over to the sports book as well. It's just a complete afterthought. The place can get packed at times, so it's a good thing they put out plenty of chairs, but that's about the best that can be said. Those chairs are the type you see at a hotel-based conference, sit in for an hour, and complain about. When you have Mirage next store and Bellagio next door, two very good sports books, you either have to try to compete or just abandon it. Caesars does neither and just half asses it, very obviously. No thanks.
3	Well it is probably one of the least fancy real sports books on the strip, the waitresses are slow and not very attractive. The TV's are projectors and old, the audio is poor and the seating is limited. The one thing that I do like is that it is classic and probably the best people watching at any book because of its location and overall melting pot of all kinds of tourists.
3	I had good luck here, but hard to get a drink unless you walked away, which then you lost your seat. Overall nice spot to sit and watch people and the games. Lines were sometimes lengthy to bet.... otherwise good time.
4	Everyone was so nice here!  It was my first time betting, first time in Vegas and I needed some help.  When I went up to the counter to place my bets, the teller was very understanding and explained everything so I could understand it.  She always told me how much everything would cost and double check before she made any bets for me.  I also received my drink vouchers for placing bets!  The drinks were so-so, but if you get a beer you're safe - the mixed drinks just ranged from barely there booze to waaay too strong!
5	Love the sports book. Lots of room and food is close. Easy in and out. Great people watching.
4	Great!
4	It's solid, lots of excitement at this sports book.  Friendly staff, and good folks.  Also, if the service is really slow, you can take your drink vouchers to the bar 15 feet away, and they will accept them.
5	Love the place, except for all the goobers that smoke cigars in your face.  Nice, relaxing chairs to watch the games.  The waitresses here are nice and get your drinks back to you pretty quick, especially if you tip in advance.  I wish there was a no smoking area here, but I guess I will just have to deal with it.
4	Well I don't really "do" sports betting so I have no clue what a 5 star rating would mean, but this place is pretty nice and we've got a system down now for March Madness. The sitting areas are spacious and comfortable, and if you're willing to get there early (like 4am early) you can stake out a good area for the whole tournament. The screens are huge and the waitresses are quick to come around. Make sure to get your drink tickets when you place your bets! You usually get a free drink ticket for every $50 bet but if you tip the bet taker at the counter they'll hook you up with a nice stack. You can also do some crafty betting on the horse races and get drink tickets that way. It's close to the bathrooms and food court so it's really a great spot to watch the games when you're in Vegas, so check it out!
4	Plenty of big screens and lots of bets,,relax and enjoy!
1	6 months ago, this was the best sportsbook on The Strip. Now the TVs are blocked off by a terribly placed bar, and anything resembling comfortable seating is blocked off as Members Only (regardless of the fact that seating was only at half occupancy at most). It's insulting placing hundreds of dollars in bets and being given a shitty conference room chair to sit in. If you want to see a good sportsbook gone terribly wrong, head to Caesars.
