3	Sun Splash is kind of fun, with a reasonably long slow and winding "river" to tube in, some slides including an especially fun plunge.
4	Oh Golfland Sunsplash! Back in the 80s, this place was the bee's knees... if you didn't have your birthday party here, man you were whack as they come.i recently returned for a round of miniature golf (they have three courses to choose from and is WAAAY better than the courses offered at Castles and Coasters and Fiddlesticks, hands down) and still had a blast.as for the water park , it's super fun and they're adding new attractions all the time. although, i heard they're having a crackdown on the lazy river and you can only go around twice before they drag you out...how lame - but at thispoint it's all heresay and conjecture as i have not been to the water park portion in some time.um, i would advise water-friendly shoes (i know they're dorky) because walking around a full day on the fry an egg on the sidewalk pool-texture deck is KILLER on your poor feet. and in summer peak months the lines for the slides can get hair pulling long - especially when you're surrounded by 10 year olds with sticky ice cream faces.
4	The miniature golf portion is more fun than the water portion. Hotter, but better. The water slides are very crowded and no better than the ones at our public pool -- and they only cost 50 cents! But I agree with the other reviewer, the golf courses are better those offered at other Valley parks. They also have a HUGE arcade room, and the castle theme has a definite "cool"-factor.
3	Been here once. Had fun.Simple enough, right? Well, yes. I can't comment on the splash part, for I only played one round of mini-golf. That one round was incredibly fun. As for the actual place that one round of golf was played... Well, it was okay. I don't know what I expected, but perhaps a better manicured mini-golf green? Maybe. Perhaps I expected somebody at the counter to help us without having to buzz them a trio of times. All in all, 3 stars because I've only been there once. With the right company, this place could be the perfect combination of goofy fun and mad skill, yo. (I got a hole-in-one at the first hole!)
4	This week on a rare occasion my boyfriend and I both had a day off during the week. What to do we thought? It wasn't enough time to take a trip to the north country ( Sedona ahhh) but we figured it would be a great day to release our inner child at Sunsplash. Out of all the water parks I have been to in AZ Sunsplash is my favorite. It has the most slides hands down and that's pretty much what I am looking for in a water park. I believe in total they have around twelve. We arrived nice and early this morning, and as it was a week day it wasn't very crowded. After getting used to the water in the wave pool we hit up the slides. First was obviously the Master Blaster a patented Sunsplash ride, and then the rest of the tube slide rides which are all fun minus The Thunderbolt!  Then we hit up the other side of the park with all the slides you don't need a tube to go on and the drop slides( Yay wedgies). By the end of the day when we were, or at least I was, getting exhausted we hung out at the lazy river, wave pool, and kiddie area and played some water basketball.All and all I would say the day was a success. Although at the end of the day I felt very old! I was tired, a bit burnt, had a headache, and was famished (no good food options). I don't ever remember feeling that much fatigue here when I was younger! Next time I'll pack the aspirin and snacks for my ancient booty! A great way to spend a day having fun in the sun. Just be prepared for kids,sun, and make sure you have the energy to burn! Cons:Overpriced mediocre foodCostlyLame waves in wave poolObviously full to the brim with "adorable kiddies"Burning (bottom of feet and body if you don't reapply a million times
4	sunsplash def. is fun without a doubt, it has wayy more slides "adult" slides than waterworld and big surf, though small wave pool.  BAD THING: the wave pool sucks, not only is it small, the waves suck! they aren't like consuming waves, they are just waves that moves left and right. l0l. the waves are not like big surf or waterworld.  try not to eat there but sometimes you just can't not eat because swimming makes you hungry... if so bring money b/c food there is not cheap and the quality of the food is not good, def. not money worth! then again you can't bring your own food in so your screwed either way to pay.  the best slides there i would have to say would be the sidewinder halfpipe and the cauldron.  the cauldron very fun! dropping down into a 360 circle is always fun, then dropping into 9ft of water, gotta know how to swim to get back up!  the halfpipe, man oh man would that give you the thrill of your life, but be prepared to suffer the consequences later of a major whiplash the next day! l0lanother slide i love is the masterblaster, it's like a roller coaster but with floaties! l0l, but everytime u drop, your butt hits the slide a bit l0l,i've been to all three water parks, and i would have to say i love sunsplash..waterworld and sunsplash both have lazy rivers, where you can just relax floating aroundwaterworld and big surf have huge wave pools with actual wave like waves! l0l.sunsplash has more adult slides to go in whereas waterworld and big surf has limited of slides. waterworld has more kiddie slides.overall, sunsplash is great for fun in the sun!  don't forget the sunscreen! or you'll go home with sunburn!
3	It serves the purpose.  That's about it.Raging Waters it is not. A smaller water park attached to a mini golf course it is.Slides are fun. Night splash is great--no sun, bearable temperatures and no sun burn. I definitely would never go during the day. I couldn't imagine standing in line for 1 hour+ with no shade, 110+ temps and broken misters (I didn't see a functioning mister in the entire park). Park could use a bit maintenance. Staff could use a bit of training.  Lines were very disorganized. Staff didn't have much of a clue as to what was going on. Ex:  spent our last 45 minutes waiting for the wave pool, getting into the wave pool and waiting about 15-20 minutes only for the wave pool to never come on and for the park to close.  Losing almost a full hour out of the 4 that night splash is open was a bit disappointing.I'd probably still return.  But only because there's nothing better in the valley.
3	Ahhh, the rains bring relief!  The temperature tonight was in the 90's so we went to play miniature golf.  It was our first time at Golfland and we had a nice time.  I liked the course, it has a lot of fun surprises and we moved through at a nice pace even though there was a family of 4 in front of us.  It was perfect for chit chatting and scorekeeping between holes.  I think I liked it even better because I had a buy one get one coupon otherwise $15 bucks would have made me want to chuck my putter like John Daly. (Alcoholic pro-golfer).After our game, we went inside for a few games.  We found 2 machines didn't work properly after we had paid to play them.  We were immediately provided our money back and one machine was fixed while the other had an Out of Order sign placed on it.  This wins out over Crackerjax in Scottsdale.
3	I'm not a big fan of water parks but Golfland is usually a fun time. There is a huge selection of arcade games. Which makes for lots of fun times. There are 2 mini gold courses that are fun but usually swamped with middle school kids, which is expected but still annoying. The holes can be challenging at times but that makes it fun. They also have bumper boats and go-karts which I haven't tried. Its on the border of 2 and 3 stars but I'm giving it the benefit of the doubt, only because of the arcade. Its not in the best area of Mesa either.
4	We hit this just for the mini golf and the arcade. The golf course is in great shape and lots of fun. It was busy on a Monday afternoon but not over crowded. There were two courses open but I think there was at least one more available if it got busier. The whole family thoroughly enjoyed this round. The arcade is standard, but also clean and up to date. A good value at $7.25 per player on the course (12 and older are adults). We had a coupon from the Entertainment Book and so saved the cost of one player. Enjoy the golfing!
3	This review is for the miniature golf.If you are in Tempe you don't have many options for miniature golf nearby. It's either Fiddlesticks or Golfland Sunsplash. If you are trying to choose between the two, go to Golfland.. they at least have interactive courses, some variation, and working "streams" for about the same price.
4	I've been to my fair share of mini-golf places, and for the most part they are all the same. But Golfland Sunsplash was a hoot! This was probably one of the nicest and well-maintained mini-golf courses I've been to in a long while. The grass was manicured, and the golf greens were smooth. All the structures had new paint and looked really nice. The golf hole attractions include a great windmill, a rocky stream (that your ball WILL fall into), and little general store; but the best part is the volcano! Every 30 minutes or so it erupts with flames! I really had a lot of fun at Golfland, and it seemed like all the other patrons around me were enjoying themselves, too. Golfland Sunsplash also has an arcade, laser tag, and race cars - but I didn't try those out. I have been to the water park before, and it's a decent escape from the heat of summer. If you are looking for a few hours of entertainment, try out mini-golf at Golfland, and remember, no one is actually good at putt-putt.
2	This is a pretty trash mini golf course and I have been to my fair share.  We went on a Saturday night in the middle of February...we are talking primo outdoor time in AZ...and they had one of their four courses closed.  Then, adding to the already frustrating congestion, they over-sell to groups.  Instead of sticking to their own posted rule of "no more than 4 to a group" they will allow families of 8, 10, 23 to group up and play together.  This, as you can imagine, causes some serious congestion on the links.So after waiting 10 minutes for the group ahead of us to finish the first hole, we decided to skip over them and just come back and finish that hold later.  Glad we did because we noticed a backup of 4 groups behind them as we neared the end.The holes are decent but pretty unimaginative.  There really isn't much integration into the natural landscape which takes a bit of the fun out of it, plus there were multiple holes with the same "trick" on one course.  That makes for a pretty boring go 'round.  There are no pars listed for each hole which takes some of the fun out of the game.This is a pretty low-rent golf course and they charge about $7 per player.  I guess that is a decent price but there are better places to play in the Valley.
3	I love putting balls into holes.There are just so many ways to do that here. I like all the different obstacles and can be rather challenging at times.I went on a Saturday night and it was pretty crowded. I had an older couple in front of us and they were moving along at a great pace but the group ahead of them were a bunch of obnoxious teens who just took so long! It was also pretty hard to find our balls because it was so dark and we had to keep running back to get replacement balls. The different courses were fun though. It one was different and presented a special challenge. I think there were 10-12 different courses but if you're awesome at mini golf, like me, it could go by really fast.A fun place to slap some balls around but a lil' creepy with lack of lighting.
4	I guess I am kind of partial to GolfLand.  They really aren't worth the four stars I am giving them, but I grew up with this place.  I've had many family outings, dates, and nights out with friends here.  It's fairly ghetto and marginally trashy, but I still love it.  I enjoy the courses they offer, and some of them are really creative, but others can get a bit tedious...BOO ANTHILLS!  The main problem here is that they can get really really crowded, especially if they have one of the courses closed, like they did the last time we went.  However, since I am reviewing this as a cumulative experience, I am still giving them the 4 stars, even if a lot of it is based off of fond memories.
4	i do love me some mini golf, even though i am not that good. lol. but hey its all for fun right??!! it was pretty crowded for a saturday but then again its getting warmer so i didnt expect any less from it. prices aren't too bad. and there are 2 different courses to choose from i believe. it seemed even more crowded because of the water park, so if you dont like screaming children running around then stay away! the course we chose was a little slow but it got moving once everyone got their games going. usually when i play i dont keep score because im not that competitive, but my boyfriend kept score and that only made me want to kick his butt, but that didnt happen because i get in this mindset of how im gonna totally win and yeah. lol. but i cant wait to go back again. this place is definitely good for parties too. they have a pretty good size arcade inside as well as a food place to get like hot dogs, hamburgers, pizza, etc. the water park also looked fun and since i hear it gets to be like 120 degrees here in the summer time that definitely sounds like a good plan.
3	Went on yesterday, and enjoyed the day. Keep in mind we are young adults going without children. We purchased tickets in advance at frys for a lower price than at the door. I think they were $22 a piece. We stopped at a great breakfast place on the way, very close to the park, Cracker and Co.(review to follow). Locker price was pricey $8. Food was high as well as beverages. We pd $3 for one gatorade, pricey. We enjoyed the lazy river for 1.5 hrs, plenty of tubes were available. Lines were not bad for the slides. Some of the tubes were BIG and HEAVY to carry to the top of the lines. Overall we enjoyed our day. We did not take children with us. I am not sure how anyone with a family can afford a day here but for us, we didnt have children with us begging for soda, ice cream, food etc. So it was very do able. One thing is for sure, Im too old for the waterpark , haha. :) I was exhausted when I got home.
4	Super fun!!! I haven't been to this park in years so i definitely was overdue for a fun and wet time!!! I went this past Saturday with my friend and although there were a lot of people there it was far from crowded! The longest line i had to wait in was for that toilet-bowl type slide.. (which was super scary for me, btw). I would rate this place with 5 stars however, their food selection is very unhealthy and ridiculously expensive. My friend and i wanted to bring snacks (healthy sandwiches & water bottles) inside but our ticket voucher stated that food & drinks were prohibited, bummer. Prior to heading to Sunsplash, we filled up on a super yummy & filling breakfast at Cracker & Co, conveniently located less than a mile from the waterpark! About 2 hours into our wet & wild time, we did take a break and treat ourselves to two large icees (for $8, nuts.. right?).. and before we left we had a scoop of ice cream each for $3.. each. Ha. As i was chowing down, i looked over to my friend and said, "we could buy a half gallon of ice cream for the price of this ONE scoop!" Sheesh.. whatever, it was worth it.. we supported our economy that day. You're welcome Economy! LolOver all, i had a blast acting like a dork & reliving my teens. There were tons of lifeguards on staff & they helped keep everything safe, organized, and everyone happy. I am planning on gathering more people, including my boyfriend to go THIS weekend too! We might try a different park though, just to keep things fresh!The wave pool, the lazy river, the variety of slides, the lily pad cross... Sunsplash is a SUMMER TIME MUST!
4	My experience at Golfland has been with mini golf only. We've played three or four times over the last few months, and it's a nice way to pass an hour or so. If you're lucky, the courses won't be too crowded and there won't be much wait time between holes.They have three mini golf courses, one of which has been partially closed during summer 2010 due to construction of a water slide. The holes are in good (but not great) shape and are not a guaranteed hole-in-one, so you won't be bored. A few of them aren't working perfectly, such as jerky rising bridges and the occasional clogged piping, but it won't affect your overall experience.The best part of the courses is their design. Someone put a lot of thought into how to integrate water features and landscaping into the courses. Mature shade trees cover most of the area. It's a great place to escape the heat and spend some time outdoors without a lot of exertion. The streams and waterfalls are especially nice.The main building is pretty much a dump, however. I suggest passing through as quickly as possible (you'll want to run when you see the screaming kids and the incessant dinging of video games). Don't bother with the food and drink, and stay away from the bathrooms except for emergencies.
3	My husband and I went to Sunsplash for the first time this past Friday evening.  My hubby forgot the directions at home (we live in Casa Grande), but the park was still very easy to find from the 60.  Upon arrival, we were greeted by a tight parking lot filled with security.  At first I wondered about all the security guys, but once I saw all the people who liked to stop in the middle of the road to drop off/pick up, thereby holding up traffic, it started making sense.  After finally finding a parking spot, we had to wait in line for about 20 minutes to get in.  We especially enjoyed sucking in everyone's exhaust fumes and cigarette smoke while we waited in line.After we paid our admission, we had to have our duffel bag searched.  (I think seeing the President would take less security.)  Their website says "You may only bring in factory sealed bottled water."  I had done my research ahead of time and had brought 2 unopened SoBe waters.  When our bag was searched, security told us we couldn't bring them into the park because they weren't "regular waters".  It shouldn't matter whether it's flavored/colored water, it is still water and it says so right on the bottle.  My hubby was annoyed after all that waiting as it was, so when he heard this he asked for a refund and was told that wasn't possible even though we had yet to enter the park.Once we got into the park, we had to go wait in another line to rent a locker ($11 with a $5 refund when the key is brought back).  The key has to be carried with you the whole time you're at the park, and the cord is too big to stay on your wrist, which makes it difficult to hold onto when you're flying down a slide.  The lockers are pretty small, probably because they want you to pay to rent more than one.  While we were in line for that, I scanned their beverage prices, which included a $2.50 bottle of water.  What a ripoff.  I only found one water fountain in the whole park, and that's by the restrooms when you first come in.After we finally crammed our towels, shoes, etc. into the tiny locker, we went to go ride some slides, which, of course, you also have to wait in line for.  We managed to ride only 4 slides in 2 hours, and then we had to rush home to give our diabetic cat his insulin shot.I found the employees who instruct you at the rides to be very pleasant and friendly.  The park itself was very clean, although the restrooms are nothing to write home about.  I wanted to shower and change into dry clothes for the long ride home before we left, but there were no hooks on the back of the restroom doors to hang anything up so it wouldn't get wet.  You'd think with the prices they charge, they could go to the dollar store and get some plastic hooks to stick on the back of the doors, at least.We're moving to the Valley in the near future, so we will probably visit again.  However, we will leave towels over the seats in the car, not bring them in, and we'll get water shoes/aqua socks to wear.  We'll get one of those plastic wristband key chain things to put the car key on.  That way we won't have to rent a locker for anything.  Oh, yeah, and we'll bring "regular water".  Pffft.
4	A cool place for a HOT city.  All the perks of a water park and then some.  Had a good time there and would go again!
5	I use to do this course as a child and still love to do it as an adult!  I just took my kids and husband today and we had a blast!  We will be back when we visit arizona next time.
3	Since I'm used to Raging Waters, seeing Sunsplash was sort of a joke. To be fair we didn't participate in the water activities (We went for a game of minature golf) so I didn't include that as part of my rating, otherwise it would probably be 2 stars...The golf part was decent. There are two 18 hole course options. Some of the holes are similar... actually a lot of them were similar but it still made for a nice afternoon out with the BF. After our game of golf, we hung out in the arcade for a bit. It has all the standard arcade games and of course a photo booth or two. We wanted to take photos but the $5 photo machine only took dollar bills. I saw a slot for tokens so I went ahead  and traded my $5 bill into tokens. When we returned to the photo booth, I had noticed that there was a fading sign above the slot that said "no tokens" and there was a screw blocking the coin slot. Awww man.So now I have a handful of tokens and we just decided WTH lets just play some games... ummmm okay... like 95% of their games had screws blocking off the token slots and only accepted game cards. Annoying. So we were basically stuck to one game... you know the game that you deposit a coin down and there is this metal bar that pushes it forward against a bunch of coins and you get tickets for every coin the falls. Well anyway, we racked up about 200 tickets and was able to grab a few finger trappers, sillybands and toy soldiers...It was a nice day out.
4	This park is fun for anyone. They have attractions for anything you are in the mood for. They have a full water-park, arcade,  go-karts, bumper boats, mini golf, etc. It is a fun place to hang out with your friends. Depending on what you are planning to do, the prices vary. Go-Karts are $5, Golfing is $7.70 (don't play the last hole, keep your ball, and go to the next course), arcade is addicting!
3	I live super close to sunsplash, so it is nice to have around. I have been to golfland a few times since moving back to phoenix (I used to go here to play DDR back in the day.... now the machines are pretty run down) mainly for mini golf. The mini golf is fun and pretty much what I would expect. The one problem I have with it is that the last hole is a total throw away hole. It's basically depositing your ball back into a box.... no way to win another game and no skill necessary.... pretty lame. Last night the BF and I went to Sunsplash for the night splash. This is the way to go. It cost 15$ (much less than general admission) and went from 5-10 pm (and I think on friday and sat. it is 7-11pm or so). 5 hours is plenty to go on all of the slides and spend time in the wave pool and lazy river. In fact, we stayed about 3.5 hours and did everything, including the slides at golfland (which has the best slide, the cauldron!). The slides at golfland close at 7 though, so those should be done first if you are going to night splash. Anyway, it is nice because there are less people and it isn't super hot and I (being a ghost) do not have to worry as much about getting sunburned. Overall, the waterpark is fine, it should be less expensive for what it is, but it is something fun to do in AZ in the summer.... which is a nice alternative to ummm movies? and umm shopping? I would come back.
3	Went there on a Thursday. $15 from 5pm-10pm. It's called wild week night splash? or something like that. At 7pm They closed down the dragon tale and the 3 slides. Bummer those are our favorites. They keep kicking people out of the wave pool so the lazy river got really crowded after that. Waited 30 mins on a new ride it was so worth it. You must try!
2	Maybe my hopes were too high when I made plans to go to Sunsplash.  I was overwhelmed by the crowd.  So many people were crammed into this relatively small space.  Never in my life have I seen a line for a wave pool.  I typically think of the wave pool as a retreat from the lines.  Not at Sunsplash. The lazy river was so packed I could hardly see the "river" part.  Not exactly a relaxing experience.  Not only that, but the water park seemed less than sanitary.  I saw several people with bloody noses, and I couldn't help but wonder when the last time they thoroughly sanitized the place.  The park is also open at night...I will not be venturing over to Sunsplash after dark.  You know what likes to come out at night?  Bugs.  Big ones.  (I'm a Coloradan...call me spoiled...but large bugs just aren't a part of life where I'm from.)The slides are fun, especially the gigantic ones.  If you plan to go on the big slides, be sure to bring your friends!  Expect to carry a massive raft up several flights of stairs.  There are no mechanisms that bring the empty rafts up to the slide entrance for customers.  I got a workout just by hauling our raft around!Whatever you do, do NOT open your water bottles prior to entering the park.  They will throw them out.  Bring a few gigantic bottles and rent a locker; a large cup of ice can be purchased at the concession stand for 25 cents.  Bring cash too.  A locker is $11, but you receive $5 back when you present your receipt with the locker key.  Also, I recommend bringing some plastic flip-flops.  There's nothing worse than tromping around dirty grounds covered with strangers' hairs and other disgusting debris.  Food is quite pricey (no surprise here).  It is a fun place to spend a Saturday, just don't expect anything too elaborate.
3	My husband and I come up here from Tucson once in a while to hang around the arcade. They're one of only a few places in this side of the country to have arcade machines for a few Asian music games (Beatmania IIDX, GuitarFreaks/DrumMania, DJ Max Technica). If you go on a weekend morning, you can get an all-access arcade pass for cheap, and we'll usually hang out for 3 or 4 hours before driving to Gameworks in Tempe.Machine maintenance is pretty hit-or-miss, especially with DDR, etc. IIDX is generally within 1 release of the newest (though apparently they use Italian bootleg software instead of the official Japanese discs?) and the DrumMania set pads are replaced occasionally. It's not uncommon, though, to see missing buttons on the GuitarFreaks controllers or machines that are completely down for maintenance.
4	$7+/ game of mini golf. Old fashion but updated holes. Fun& exciting, challenging!  I would only request a little tent to buy pop. Water in a machine around hole 10 was $2.50!! Also had a drinking fountain, but alittle tent with a selection of pop or treats would be nice and maybe a closer bathroom:-)
4	Waterslide HyperdriveBy The RueSunday I took my boys to Sunsplash,It was a party I had to crash,After five hours we were gone in a flash,None of us developed a rash. Been a while since I went down the slides,Kids had fun going down on their hides,The wave pool doesn't have tides,Entertainment this place provides.Checked out moms in their bikini,Did funny things to my weenie,I didn't wear a hat or a beanie,Rub the side of a lamp, get a genie. $50 bucks for the season pass,I mostly chilled in the grass,My kids are awesome and never sass,I like to fish for trout and bass.While the kids played I read a book,Every 2 minutes gave those moms a look,They probably thought I was a crook,There was nothing of value that I could've took.We'll probably go again this Sunday,Instead of sitting at home they'll get to play,5 really fun rides that aren't painted grey,Going down the halfpipe, you better pray. Rubber Ducky
3	i thought the place was bigger but it had about 4...5 slides to get on. The while was not as long as i expected. love the wave pool area.* place was pretty over crowed with teenagers * some Mom's  need to leave there bikini at home !! yucck *  eat before coming food is pricey* you are allowed to bring water onlythe day i visited it was raining so it was perfect . pool and rain was awesome !!   and i got NO sunburns :)
4	Only applies to mini golf, as I haven't tried the other attractions. I've been to the miniature golf course probably 4 or 5 times. What can I say? I like me some mini golf! Reminds me of Ocean City, MD where I spent many of my summers as a kid! Anyways, there are two mini golf courses of 19 holes each. One is the Lost Dutchman and I forget the exact name of the other one, but it has to do with a Princess. Both are rather elaborate with obstacles and props to correspond with the theme. Watch out for the windmill and loop-de-loop. I had some trouble with them and racked up a few etra strokes trying to finish the hole. :) I also ended up with my ball in the water once or twice, but I like to keep the game interesting! I like to go to this location around sunset like between 6 -7 p.m. The view is very pretty with an orange streaked show passing through the sky. Once it becomes dark, the course becomes more vibrant as colored lights and large white spotlights turn on, so you can play in the dark. Good for a small group of people. More than 4 or 5 would seem to take too long for each person to finish. I think 2 -4 would be the perfect group size. Also, bring water with you because it gets pretty hot. I think the vending machines are expensive. The mini golf itself is not very expensive, but I think they get you with food, rides, arcade games, etc. located inside.
3	My boyfriend and I love playing pinball, and tend to seek out machines anytime were someplace different. We saw on Stern's website that Golfland had a couple pins and were sorely disappointed to see all but Medieval Madness weren't working. They werent even shut off, so we put credits in to see machines shut down, tilt, or flippers malfunctioning. We were able to get a refund luckily, but it was really disappointing.
3	Chaos. That pretty much describes the experience when at Goldfland. Be prepared for a thousand kids running around the entire property, amped up on pixie stix and Coke. Not trying to sound old here - it's just the clientele that they attract.The Go-Karts have to the best part here. Not as fast as the like of Octane Raceway, but plenty fun for a few laps. The Golf is average and even felt a bit short of a course because the 18th hole comes up so quickly. Laser tag was closed when I went, so I can't talk about that. But keep in mind that they probably close it more often.The staff looked more fatigued than the parents. Their facial expressions said nothing less than "Please let me go home!" They were unenthusiastic, unwelcoming and pretty much uncaring. Conversely, the staff at Dave & Busters is much more accommodating and helpful if you ask them a question.Anyhow, I liked Golfland, but I would have to be very committed to the constant stream of chaos if I'm going again. Good to go once, good for a casual date, but definitely not a regular visit.
4	I took my date here for a romantic evening of mini golf at night.  The experience was excellent and enjoyable.   We went on a weekday during december so the course was quite empty.  The greens are also very high quality especially with the xmas lighting.   I felt that this was one of the best mini golf experiences I've had.  I would pick a time that avoids the crowds to maximize your time !
4	It seems like Golfland/Sunsplash has been around forever, and there's good reason why! It's a great place to cool off for adults and kids alike. They have a mix of exciting slides, as well as gentle floating tube rides. The Golfland part of the area is a popular place to go mini golfing, especially when the sun goes down. Plus, who wouldn't want to have fun and putt/splash around in the place featured in Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure? : )
1	I brought my family of five to golfland. We played golf and there was a thousand leaves all over the course. Before we were going to leave we decided to get some shakes and some cheese sticks and we were waiting for at least 20 minutes. Finally we got our shakes, but they forgot our cheese sticks so we just asked for a refund. Once we tasted the shakes we wanted to return them they were so bad. They hardly mix the ice cream and its run by a bunch of kids. But the laser tag was very fun.
4	If you plan on going more than 2x nothing beats the annual pass. Water park in the summer is our kids favorite spot and an easy time killer during those long summer days!
4	If you have kids, this is the place for you....or maybe if you want to go on a action packed date...or you just want to play acrade games...or mini golf on one of their three courses...or go get all Danica Patrick on the race track...or get all wet and wild on the water slides. Golfland Sunsplash is an action packed kid and adult playground. p.s. I'm probably the worst mini golfer alive. Yowza!
4	This review is for the Mini Putt Putt only:had a blast with my friends, the lighting is not very adequate but it was still very fun. the greens do need a little maintenance. most of the holes were somewhat unique so it was a different challenge each hole. In events like this, its the crowd you go with that really determines how good of a time you're gonna have
4	Wow I haven't been here since high school. A friend of mine from work invited me to a Fry's Foods Customer and Employee Appreciation Event. It was only $10 and you got unlimited access to the park and a hot dog, chips and lots of water and Gatorade. They also had unlimited sno cones. I have to say I was wondering what kind of shape the park would be in. It has been around for a long time and to be honest I was expecting it to be a little run down. But I was surprised it was still in great shape. All the slides were just as fun as I remember. Some of the newer ones were good too. The Sidewinder, I think that was the name, was a lot of fun. It is a white V shaped slide with red trim. You start at the top of one side go almost straight down then up the other side and back and forth until you settle on the bottom. It was great except for the cold water but that sure woke you up, both the water and the ride. Another one of the newer slides had parts that went uphill. I've heard about this at other parks but didn't know they had it here. High powered jets of water force you uphill in case you were wondering.Had a great time in the lazy river. Didn't go in the wave pool. Too much humanity. Didn't really go over to the Golfland side. So I can't comment on the state of the mini golf courses. I might have to go back to check them out. I love mini golf but there aren't too many places left to play it at.Sno cones were great. All in all it was a great day. Felt like I was back in high school or some 80's movie. I will probably come back. At least next year when they have this event again.We did raise enough money to keep Mr. Thompson from knocking down the rec center to put up a strip mall and I showed up Todd in the water skiing competition. Wait did that really happen or was that some dumb movie?
4	Stop 2 of the waterpark circuit.  #1 perk is it is closest to house.  There seem to be a lot of ways to get reduced admission, you just have to look online.  This park definitely has more tube slides than Big Surf, but fewer body slides.  The water was magnificent!  Feels go good when you reach the end of the slide.  Went on a Sunday and at one point we hit a slide five times in a row with no wait.  That's when it's fun!  Wave pool is not as big here, and no boogie boarding.  I would consider getting a season pass here for the cheap price and close proximity, just for a chance to cool off.
1	If you have a new born this is not the place to be. They charged us full price, (30 dollars) for a 4 month old to enter the park. Never going here again. Disneyland or the airlines won't charge the first year of life.
1	They need a better rain policy.  Standing in an exit line... i mean mob with 7 kids in lightning and pouring rain is not only unsafe but inhumane.  You want us to wait in the rain for 15 to 45 mins to see if it stops raining before we can get a return pass... really?!?! Why do you really need to retrieve an armband in the midst of a monsoon storm?!? Tacky corporate greed... Get a clue Golfland.  Very disappointing first experience!
4	Had a blast with the family.  We took advantage of their special for $5 for an hour of unlimited arcade play.  The kids (and myself) loved it.  They have a great mix of old school games for me (Ms Pac-man, Frogger, Paperboy, etc.) and newer games for the kids.  Don't normally play the driving games because of the cost, but with 4 player games, the whole family could race against each other.  Only down side is the water park not being open, but I totally understand, we travel during school times of the year, and they can't keep it open just for me.  Totally recommend taking the family!
5	Awesome place! Best water slides in az and the mini golf is pretty sweet too!
1	I lose all hope for humanity here.
5	I love this park. The water rides are overall great for every age. My son loves to go here all day. We had fun playing minature golf and racing the go karts too.
4	Fun round of putt-putt golf with the grandparents and daughter. Always a good time!
3	Oh Golfland how you have aged. Mainly spent time in the arcade, and so many of the machines are broken, buttons don't work and of course you don't find out until you put your money in. The staff seemed more interested in what they were doing and not really showing good customer service, just try to fix and walk away.
5	We go here for the mini golf.  This place is an AZ classic and has a secret charm.  Minigolf here is the best in the valley, they have big castles with drawbridges, pagodas, windmills, all sorts of fun mini golf holes.  We really like the course on the west side.  Most people don't notice it, so it has less people on it.  We also love how they decorate the course with hokey 80s decorations for Halloween and Xmas.  It is really fun and kind of even a little romantic.  Also 80s kids, did you know that Golfland was in Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure?  They shot scenes at Golfland.  It kind of add to the coolness.  Anyways, we really suggest going at night when the water slides are off and the Xmas lights are up.  The minigolf is usually open until 10pm, so you can play until pretty late.  It is still a nice crowd with lots of families.  Have fun!
3	I've never been to the water park portion so this review is really just for the arcade and mini-golf. Always been a good go-to location for mini-golf. I used to drop in  here when I lived in Gilbert and recently went back while in town. The mini-golf course is the same, a little run down but still a fun course, a variety of shots and obstacles.  Right now it's all decorated for the Holidays. The arcade is in fairly good condition, older but well maintained. Service here has always been fast. Prices are affordable $7.50 for adults, $6.40 for kids. A good family friendly option in the area.
4	Pretty nice place to send an evening, no matter the time of year. I went tonight for mini-golf. The courses are nice but unfortunately some areas are poorly lit. Also one hole was missing the actual green, it was just concrete. Otherwise, there are three mini golf courses; each with their own little theme. The only really bad thing is that it's easy to lose your ball in bushes or water. I suggest they install barriers to avoid this.The water park portion is very nice. Lots of slides of varying sizes. Lines can be long but that's a given at any place on a weekend night.
4	I have such great memories coming here as a kid and decided to share the joy several years later with my boyfriend. We came at 9pm just before they stopped allowing people to buy a round of mini golf. We had the whole Princess Path to ourselves and had the greatest hour ever! Come on a weekday evening to golf down memory lane :)
4	Good fun for the kids and adults.  The miniature golf green is brand new and our family had allot of fun.  Reasonable priced and should check the website for great deals.
4	Came on a Saturday night for mini-golf with three other people.  It was busy but having three courses to choose from helped with the wait.  I loved the one miniature golf course we played on - one of the best I've ever played.  It was adventurous, fun, challenging and a beautiful night for it all.My only complaint and suggestion would be a few golf club sizes (instead of two) and more colored balls. I saw three total colors.  I did not check out anything else but the arcade room looked fun.
4	Was there today with 2  teenaged grand boys.  We just played mini-golf on two of the three courses.  We were very appreciative of the many trees as it was 91 degrees-!!!   Gave the boys the option of only doing one, as we were wilting badly, but we played on for more then three hours-!!!!  Too bad the water park had not opened yet-!!   We could have used a cool dip-!!!   Has a really great time-!!!  Great courses-!!!
4	I came here solely for the reason I was desperate to get wet and wear a skimpy bathing suit. Sadly, it was off season and only two slides were open. Regardless, I still had so much fun on those two slides and I will definitely come back during the on season to try all of the slides! I visit family here in Arizona and drive from Orange County, California; this is a definite stop for visitors.
1	It would really be helpful to post on your website and have signs up at the front of the park when there is a private party and the park is not open to the public. It would also be nice to not treat your customers like idiots when they don't know that the park is closed to the public since the info on your website says otherwise. We stood in line for 15-20 min only to be made to feel stupid and turned away. Go to Big Surf. The park is smaller but the employees are actually friendly unlike here at Sunsplash.Edit: After receiving the comment from the manager, I just want to clear up the fact that yes, part of the park was supposed to be open on the day I visited. I know for a fact other people were turned away as well and you can see angry comments on their Facebook page about this. I attempted to visit just for the waterslide part that was supposed to be open and no one directed me to the correct place. I assume what happened was that there was a different line for this, but when hundreds of people are lining up at the main entrance, we just followed suit (and so did others) and were rudely turned away and not redirected. According to Sunsplash, these were not their employees that turned us away but it is still extremely poor management to not brief those that are representing your company to redirect guests that perhaps may have just been in the wrong line. Sunsplash lost a bunch of business that day because of those "representatives" that turned people away.
4	Fun water park, with lots of different things to do. I like the lazy river and the slides. The wave pool is cool too, but not as kid friendly. I just saw their prices, and was amazed that they charge that much! Now I know why we didn't go that often as family. lol;) We will be using our Pogo Passes this year so that we get in for free which is awesome. If you haven't checked them out, do it! Use promo code TAKE60OFF and get 60% off pogo passes, and then get in for free this summer!
2	Don't putt putt here! The greens are ripped up and the holes in disrepair. We made it to hole 10 when their bulls eye attraction are our balls. Someone had kicked it in. How do you not inspect your greens? What's more... They refused to give a refund and tried to give us another round. I will not go back and explained this to the manager who finally gave me my money back.
5	Had an awesome time!Went Memorial Day. I was impressed. Lines weren't that long. Place was clean. Food and drink a little on the expensive side. But you can expect that going in like with any amusement park.The sidewinder drive was definitely the ride with the most adrenaline.Wish there was a way to get the 4 person tubes up to the top of the slide easier.Overall it was a very pleasant experience.
5	Great park...not overly busy, great water slides, and most of the slides are very close together.  The summer pass is a very good value for the family.  Parking is the only downside...
3	Tonight was my first time at this waterpark and the first thing that was a bit frustrating was the parking situation...TERRIBLE! Took so long to find a parking spot and all other businesses near bye had "customer only parking" signs and my husband and I did not want to risk getting our car towed or get a fine. Once we entered the park it was obviously very crowded just like any waterpark, but there was a very bad urine/foot fungus odor throughout the whole park, yuck! Next we proceeded to get a locker. That area was also very packed! But the positive thing about the locker situation is you pay the $11 and when you return your key and receipt, they refund you $5. We then entered the wave pool, which was also packed more so than wet n wild and they make you stand back as the waves build up then let you go deeper than 5 feet. The waves were fun but the water was merky and cloudy. The water temperature was perfect though, it wasnt too cold or too hot, just right on a hot summer day! We then rode 4 slides in a 4 hour time span. It was very hard finding our wat around the park due to the amount of people there. The directions to slides are mainly on arrows on the ground so its very confusing tryingg to find where to get tubes, slides, etc. id say it was very unorganized but the lifeguards were doing very well keeping the lines moving as quickly as they could... All of the waterslides were very fun! I wish it wasnt so packed and busy because id go on all of them. Its not an awesome park but its not a terrible one either. I think they just need to make sure the park doesn't get overpopulated with people. Im pretty sure they were above the maximum capacity tonight. Overall i had a good time but will not be going back for a while, the lines are too long and that odor was disgusting.
4	We had a great experience!! I just wanted to come on here to say what good customer service we got from the life guard Anthony!! He was great!!! Only reason I took off a star is because it is a little pricy to get in. But once you are in prices are very reasonable for a waterpark!
5	We went on a Tuesday in summer.  We had such a blast.  Short wait times, great rides, lots of options. We spent the entire day there and still didn't do all of the rides. Bring water shoes to protect your feet.
5	Good fun place for kids and adults the slides are super fun there is enough fun for a full day there's a big game room fun fun fun
3	Fun time.  Sunsplash gets crowded in the day.  At 7pm on Friday and Saturday nights it gets super crowded.Food selections are good at the waterpark.  Prices not bad either.A variety of water attractions for all ages.Water temperature was perfect.  It was refreshing on a 100+ degree day.
2	Waited 30min+ in the Pogo Pass line while they let cash/credit customers jump to the front. The process they have takes forever, but even worse when they only have one person running it!Lots of very ghetto people on their staff...mainly ticket counter and restaurants. Lifeguards were a mix of happy/outgoing/helpful and lethargic/bored/unhappy people. A couple in particular were super nice, hence 2 stars and not 1. Would it kill them to redo their cooldeck? My feet are seriously in pain.
4	It's been a good summer using season passes. Can come for a couple of hours and leave. On long days you can leave gone at & return. Never found on website where if we were buying 4+ season passes we had to do on line. Since you have to go to counter no matter what to get photo ID's if you are getting 4+ you should get the deal End of summer staff is tired. Don't patrol the lazy river well and undisciplined kids name it not fun for families. Like parking is free and watched.
5	Took my 2.5 year old and 6.5 year old. We had a great day, not long lines, great slides and everything was well maintained. Plenty of family fun and we will definitely be back!
3	I went to the water park on a scorching Saturday afternoon and had a decent time there.  I rated  this place 3 stars because. The Waterpark is good. The environment is great and their lifeguards are on check (like they should be).  The service is awful.  Full of attitude by teenagers. (Patience is required... they're just kids) these kids act like they get fired if an ice cream cone is missing so they're very assertive. Try leaving around 7pm bc it turns into a teen night ordeal. No drinks or food allowed.  The slides are good but I do think the prices for the park and food are a bit steep for all my issues. The little kid area is a bit small so if you are planning to bring a kid under 4 you might just want to save you're money.
3	Took my family here for another family member's birthday celebration. There are different sections for the water park, golf, and go-kart racing. The golf & water park share a parking lot that isn't nearly sufficient for the crowd it draws. We only visited the water park. We went during Night Splash (7pm- close) & it ended up being an even $15 per person, after taxes, which is a nice discount off of the daytime/ Sunsplash prices.  There were 2 lines: one for credit card payments, and a cash only line. The cash line went 20x faster, so I suggest at least bringing enough cash for your entrance fees. Security personnel checks bags to make sure everyone has a safe, fun time. There were also lots of uniformed & armed police officers on duty inside the water park. I'm not sure if this is common practice or if there was cause for them to be there, but they were center stage. In addition to real cops, they also had 3rd party security walking around to keep things in check. They had lockers, which are not very big. If you don't have someone to watch your larger things, don't bring them inside the water park. They let you bring in water bottles and small coolers, which is nice. Cabanas were available to rent, but we were able to find a free table at which to parlay. Free life vests (or are they called float vests?) were available in different sizes, including infants vests for the wee ones. Tubes were available for a fee. I did not visit the concession stands, so at this time I cannot comment on the quality of their food. I saw ice cream, Sno Cones, slushies, pretzels, & french fries. I heard they have funnel cakes as well. The kids loved the water activities, of which there were 8 or 9.  Most had shallow water, but one was 9 ft deep. The enormous wave pool also has a deeper end, but there's plenty of shallow as well. The kids had tons of fun.  If you're just observing and you don't intend to get in the water security may try to give you a hard time by saying you're not allowed in with clothes. Ask for a supervisor. There were plenty of fully clothed parents sitting & waiting. Apparently, not all of the staff is well informed on this matter.
5	This place is very fun. Has a water park, golf and arcade. The hardest mini golf is not that challenging. We go often and would recommend it for a fun day!
2	I can only comment on what I experienced during our night time visit for "the Gauntlet" haunted house. We had purchased a combo ticket for the haunted house and spooky golf. We have only recently moved here and didn't know our way around and the signs weren't clear of where to go. Having visited the restroom first, I found it to be disgusting with an overflowed toilet and water on the floor. Quickly leaving that area we had to ask around to find the haunted house. It was well done for the space used and I have no compliant about that. Once done with the haunted house we went to get our golf clubs and proceeded to what we thought was the golf course. We didn't know where to go so picked one of two- called the Princess. Really tough course and I wondered where all of the decorations were. Once done the crazy course we came across the one we expected to play on- the spooky one but had no signs leading to it. I complained about it and was told "we don't tell people about the spooky one unless they ask and if we wanted to play we can pay extra".No apologies and really- no signs?? Had to visit the restroom again before leaving and found it to be functioning but disgusting still. Note to parents- bring hand sanitizer and eat elsewhere as the food looked awful as well.
2	Affordable and fun activity for the family. The place is beautiful for great miniature golf. We enjoyed the fun and challenges. However, customer service was not so good. The receptionist was not friendly or helpful. She seemed not willing to help or rather annoyed that we needed a replacement ball. We would have had a better experience if we were treated differently.
5	Fun place to bring the family. Kids love mini golf. So much better than wi. Also good for slides and water park
