1	Tried to make an appointment with a female doctor for my wife. Was told that as she had seen a doctor there before (over 5 years ago)  their policy was she had to see the same doctor.  Not good customer service.
1	You will find a running theme from people  at the various offices they have , about how they are treated when it comes down to money issues-very poor.Sadly, this overshadows their work. The business office I would liken to a Nazi culture. Totally unprofessional IMO. Medically, they do a very good job and I was a patient for 10+ years. Kathy  who is in charge in the back and Scott Brown , a P.A. ,  are great at this office(Thomas Rd, Phoenix). I rarely got to see Dr. Tesser -maybe twice a year,  but Scott kept me mmostly out of pain from my RA and him and I had a great rapport , always talking about sports or motorcycles.I hate doctors and did not mind going to see these folks. Then things changed, on one visit they administered an Infusion to me without getting the prior authorization. They sent me a bill after the insurance did not pay for it because of their mistake. It is not my job to get the prior authorization, it is theirs. And,  I was flabbergasted to get a bill and a demand for payment of $200.I discovered all of this after the incident below:For the next 18 months I visited them every 60 days or so and then one day I tried to make an appointment and was told by staff I could no longer make appointments. They referred me to the Head of Billing and gave me her direct line.  I called the person from my car and had Billing on speakerphone so my friend who is also a patient could be a witness. I went through another back and forth with billing about what was billed, when it was for etc. Ms. Head of Billing acknowledged she received my certified letter back undelivered (the one discharging me as a patient)  but proceeded to tell me that the "Practice" had decided to discharge me as a patient. Her explanation was that I was too much trouble as a patient and that it was a group decision to "discharge" me. I was floored and got emotionally upset and was not happy at all to hear this. Especially after 10 years and thousands of dollars of business they got from me. Being discharged after 10 years for a $200 billing disagreement was and still is shocking to me. Granted, it was unresolved but that is because the charges could never be validated.They still cannot tell me what it is for though i figured it out myself. I tried to speak to someone else and she refused to transfer me to anyone. I asked for her supervisor's name and she said she was the only person I could talk to and that the decision was final and I had no recourse and no, there was no one else to talk to. "Surely you have a supervisor" I asked. She avoided a direct answer and repeated herself that there was no one else to talk to.  I asked her if she knew that my RA is pretty aggressive, that I had just had my 10th anniversary as a patient and did she realize I would be without medication etc. and she did not care-100% cold-hearted about the situation. I offered to pay the bill blindly even though she could not tell me clearly what the bill was for "might be your deductible" she said. My friend witnessed the entire call (since it was on speakerphone) and can attest to the content of the call, her rude demeanor and her inability to tell me what the bill was for. Essentially, I was fired as a patient and there was nothing to be done about it. So, the morale of the story is, if you get on the radar of the 'Billing  Nazi' for ANY REASON i.e. cancelling appointments, disagree about over billing or anything financial, you should find another doctor because they are going to "discharge" you the first chance they get. When Dr. Gluck was alive and they were on 19th Avenue(before the name change) this was a friendly and helpful office. His sudden passing must have affected them financially because shortly thereafter, they became part of  Arizona Arthritis & Rheumatology Associates, P.C. They have never been the same since! Good Luck.
1	Went to see Dr Caldron to rule out RA, the experience was the worst I've encountered in my medical history. I came in with numbness, tingling in my hands with excrutiating pain in shoulders and arms. First they must watch too much medical shows on TV as they use the assistant as your puppeteer, who informs the doctor of your symptoms and then the doctor addresses her (not you). He was condescending, unsympathetic to my issues and literally told me its just arthritis...deal with it and sent me home. But not before ordering blood tests that were already completed by my primary and the results given to him prior to my appt.  I should followup in a few months, really??? NOT, of course the bill arrived...hundreds of dollars not well spent. Just a factory dwelling on the elderly on medicare.
1	I've been going to this facility for the past 4 years and all I have to show for it is looking at at least one joint replacement, I can't make a fist to save my life and I'm in CONSTANT pain with a $2800 bill. First Dr. Starr diagnoses me with RA and then yells at me when after a year  of treatment I tell him that the Plaquinel isn't working. No other treatment is offered other than the Plaquinel, the ice packs in the waiting room and a cortisone injection that didn't work. His response when I told him that it wasn't working was to get in my face and tell me to "KEEP TAKING IT!" I have my husband who witnessed this. He retires and on to Dr. Chohan, where do I start? She comes in and with no testing that I can recall, diagnoses me with PsA. Wonder where she got that one. She has NO personality and talks to her patients in a condescending way. I would NOT recommend this Dr. OR this facility! Run, don't walk away!! They mention a card regarding Remicade infusions and tell me that it covers all but $50 co-pay per infusion but gave me no information about it and months later and after several infusions bill me for $2800 out of pocket! Each infusion I pay the $50 and I honestly thought that they had taken care of getting me the card. When I call them about the bill they tell me,"You did not apply for Remistart". How can you apply if you aren't given any information on how to get onto the program??? I literally didn't know what the program was called until January when I got the bill and finally got onto the program. I talked to one of the office ladies who gets my file out and says, "that's strange, there is no info on a Remicade application in your file" My point exactly!  WHY do they not catch that you aren't on the program until you rack up a $2800 bill out of pocket after 4 infusions. Dr. Chohan if you are reading this, you have not won this battle, I WILL find a competent Rheumatologist that WILL show some  compassion and WILL help me fight this disease! If you question her as to why Remicade isn't working after over 6 months you are told, "sometimes it takes up to a year". Then this disease starts in my feet and when I ask her what to do she tells me to wear orthopedic shoes and memory foam slippers. I am only 52 years old! Why did you let this disease advance to my feet in the first place? Am I not supposed to question your treatment when I sit and look at disfigurement in my hands and live in excrutiating pain watching this disease getting worse? I ask what I should do at the end of the year if it hasn't worked, her answer "just get a joint replacement" Seriously???? I am on blood thinners lady and not sure any surgeon would touch me after 5 hospitalizations with pulmonary emboli. You know my medical history, it's in my file! My pain management Dr has refused to do any injections in my back because as he said, it's not worth risking my life over. After questioning about the billing and your treatment guess what? THEY SEND  YOU A CERTIFIED LETTER TELLING YOU THAT YOU ARE NO LONGER A PATIENT! The night I got that letter I was in tears from a horrible flare that almost sent me to the ER that she allowed to happen. In her letter she has twisted everything that has gone on to cover her butt! I am 10 times worse than when I first starting going to this facility. The damage that these Dr's at this facility allowed to happen is just inhumane! I wonder why I'm not the ONLY patient that has given a negative review. If there was a negative star, that's what this facility would get! One and a half stars? I'd say that there is something going wrong here! As for my $2800 bill, you will get my payment of $10 a month until I die I guess!
1	I am glad I di not get any appointment with this group. I called Dr Peters  to make an appointment I was given the appointment and then called back 15 minutes later and I was told I had to pay 75 us because I did not show up to an appointment I had some day in March,  but when I called  first I was given an appointment then they denied it, now this situation happened with  other Drs I guess is the way they get 75 dollars what kind of practice is this.Maybe my primary Dr send referrals  but that does not mean I called for an appointment it is unbelievable what people do to make money or they have the worst staff , whatever  and it happened to me several times, you did not show so you have to pay 75 . And I just cannot believe it it is outrageous . Specially because I have been looking for a rheumatologist for months. I called Trent Smith the person in charge said he does not take new patients. I called Dr Bennet I was told the same thing. And then the staff said  we ould never have said that, I mean something is wrong really wrong.
1	AVOID this money grubbing office. I had an initial appointment which I could not make because my gout was so bad the day of the appointment that I could not walk or drive. I called in and talked to one of their schedulers and she said not to worry about it and to call back to reschedule when I was feeling better. I specifically asked if there would be any rescheduling fee and she said there would not be. I called back to reschedule and they will not let me reschedule until I pay them a $75 no-show fee. They were not interested in hearing my side of the story and their "records" of my appointment were not accurate. They are all about caring for income and wealth and apparently could care less about caring for patients. There is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly ..,. read their doctor reviews online.
