4	This is a typical discount movie theater, so they have movies that have been out for a little while, but the prices are great - like $2.50.  Not stadium seating, it's old fashioned floor seating.  Good news is that the place is mostly empty so you won't get blocked.  A little bit old and dingy inside, but who cares, it's cheap.Concession stand has usual movie theater prices.
4	They usually have about 6 movies playing at a time.  It's an old school theater, like John described.  $2 matinee and $3 after 6pm.
2	It seems like every mid-size city or bigger has a discount movie theater; and those that don't, definitely should. I've got no beef with the infrastructure or staff at Market Square: the employees seem friendly enough, and the theaters have more charm than your typical mall 16-plex. However, the movie selection at this place is lousy. They always seem to be playing the crappiest crap that was in the mall theaters several months ago, rather than some good Sundance cast-offs or independent films. Even worse, a lot of the movies are parked here for weeks or months on end. I've literally been waiting since the start of the summer for Market Square to show something worthwhile, to no avail. What good is a discount theater with character and reasonable concessions if they're never showing anything you'd want to see??? I'm surprised "Gigli" isn't still playing here ...
3	My husband and I have been to several movies here now, and we find it very enjoyable. The rate is excellent -- $3 a ticket -- and the concessions are very good, too. They're about on par with what you'd spend at a regular movie theatre, but of the same quality, so it's fine. There's also a free refill on both the large pop and popcorn, so that's a plus!There's also an okay variety of movies -- and things that we wanted to see, not too long after they'd dropped out of other theatres.The seating isn't the most comfortable ever, but it's not uncomfortable, and my only real complaint is the lack of cup holders.I definitely enjoy going here and will be back again soon!
4	i AM a fan! five bucks for two people during a sunday matinee? and their theaters are just as nice as any others' except they dont have one or two huge screens for openers. who wants to see a movie on an opening day anyway. i hate people.
4	Cheap tic's, good service, cheap tic's, salty popcorn, cheap tic's, clean bathrooms, cheap tic's.
4	No cupholders on the seats, popcorn in brown paper bags, old bathroom stalls, and a single hallway to tie it all together. But $2-3 to see that blockbuster out a month ago that I totally missed? This is the epitome of a discount movie theater. You guys do what you gotta do.
4	I love this theatre - it's so nice not  to pay an arm and a leg and still get to watch a movie on the big screen (t's even cheaper in the afternoon too)! Movie selection is great too - a nice mix of action/comedy/kids/etc and sometimes this theatre gets foreign/unusual films that you can't see at the regular theatres. The seats aren't the most comfortable (and no drink cups), but everything else is good and the location is great. I like getting dinner/dessert in all the nice eateries in the area before or after a nice cheap show.  :-)
4	Take the whole family to the movies for under $15?! Yes, Please!Even with the pricey popcorn this is still a deal.  If the movies are a month or two old do I really care? Nope.
5	No more scrambling to figure out what time "matinee cut-off" is at such-and-such a big box theater. Matinee shmatinee; it doesn't matter at Market Square!  $2.50 before 6pm, $3.00 after.  Either way, it's a deal.  And I'm so behind on my movies anyways it's all new to me, even if it's a few months old! This second run theater is clearly an older building but still seems to be in fine shape. No stadium style seating or cup holders but the chairs were fine for us, especially since the theater was only about a quarter full; no need to worry about a big noggin' in front of us blocking the view.  Concessions is likely where they make their money (about $6.50 for a small popcorn/drink combo, $11.50 for large).  But given the ticket price, it still makes for an affordable date night or family outing!
4	I love this place. It is so nice to have a reasonable place to go and see the movies. Great for those super hot or cold days when you just need to get out of the house.  The chairs do not have a cup holder, but it doesn't bug me.  The consessions are regular movie price, but that's ok.  They don't do art house movies, ok, no buggy for me. It does get a little annoying when they don't change the movies for a little while and it is all kids stuff, but that isn't the end of the world since I can just wait or see the movies on Amazon.
5	I love going to the movies but hate paying the high ticket prices. I mean who wants to spend close to $30 to see a movie and get some snacks?  So, the marketing maven who put the idea of budget cinemas together is a pure genius!!  OK, the thing I do miss about the fancier movie theaters is seeing the trailers of upcoming films!  On with the review!!  Market Square Theater was, as indicated 5 stars! It was clean, the staff was friendly, the popcorn was yummy, the bathrooms were clean and the seats were comfortable. No, they don't have soda holders, but hey, who cares! Get some exercise and bend over to put your soda on the floor!  The best part of the whole experience was the movie was only $2.50!!!  OMG! Am I back in 1985 or something?  For a cheap escape from reality, check this theater out. You won't be disappointed...that is unless your expecting more than a budget cinema can provide.  $6.50 for a bargain combo which is a really small bag of popcorn and a 16 oz (?) soda. Not bad for a mid afternoon snack.This place is a 2 thumbs up!  See you at the movies :)
5	Let's start @ the beginning... $3 for a movie? I did not think that was still possible in the US! The place is clean, the staff is friendly, the snacks are not insanely priced, the theater itself has a bit of a "retro-chic" feel (read as: no reclinable seats or cup holders), but it's super neat.Def a place to go back to!
