5	I love coming here to wash my car. I have the cheapest plan, $16 per month for unlimited monthly washes (2x per day) this includes your basic wash and free vacuums. I started out with the highest plan $22 per month which included air fresheners and little wipes to wipe down the interior of your car as you rolled through the 3 minute wash. But, I felt it was a bit much for myself as I carry my own wipes and have my own air fresheners as well. With the and, they stick a small bar code on the inside of your windshield so that you just pull up and the machine will scan it and you roll on through. It is pretty awesome. They do have a restroom inside as well as additional you can purchase to clean your car. Oh, almost forgot to mention the bug prep station. A long handled brush to scrub away all those bugs you picked up on long trips before heading into the wash.  Definitely worth a try. I personally love it :)
5	Absolutely love this place! For $16 per month I can go through any location whenever I want whenever my car needs cleaning. Its quick and the people who work there couldn't be friendlier! There's a self serve vacuum/detail station as you exit the wash. I would highly recommend clean freak to anyone!!
4	I've been coming to this location for almost a year now. I use the monthly unlimited plan which is well worth the price for me living in the valley.The prices for the single wash are very reasonable and you get a good car wash for the drive through.You vacuum yourself as well as compressed air to air out the water from between spots on your car (think door jams, mirrors, grill, etc) in a shaded area.I don't mind the self vacuum/air after the drive through as washing my car is almost like therapy.
5	I won't say what spilled on my floor carpets, but their vacuums can REALLY suck!  Thank goodness because I thought my carpet in my truck was ruined.
4	This is a great value.  Automatic wash does a good job for the most part and for 5 bucks. You also get free vaccum and air blower to finish the job. They have an unlimited card you can buy if you like to wash often.
5	The friendliest service ever! Great value, I pay $16.00/month and get unlimited car washes. I'd highly recommend this to anyone who likes to keep their car clean all the time and have a quick convenient way to do it!
3	This car wash does a pretty good job on cars, but never quite gets my Jeep clean.  The Jeep is usually dirtier than the car for obvious reasons, and the tires are larger so their cleaning and protectant brushes never cover them completely.  Overall it's an OK value but not great.  The $10 wash is similar to what you get for $15-18 at most of the full-service places, but here you are left to dry, vacuum, and clean dashes yourself.I can't say I'd recommend it really, unless it's for a quick exterior wash.
5	The only place I'll go to wash my car from now on. Love that there's FREE vacuums and compressed air -- very easy to clean my entire car with just those two tools. Customer service is always great and the pricing is competitive (I usually go with the $10 wash). I'd much prefer to do the drying and interior myself anyway, as the people at other local places that do it for you are usually less-than-thorough.
1	Place has a problem with their machine. I am a monthly paid member and only donut because I frequent the one on grand and van buren but the one on 59th and Bell always leaves soap only drivers side area. Despite brining this issue up to them they never fix it which is frustrating.
4	Ok, the car wash itself is awesome. It does a pretty dang good job of getting the car clean. The design of the car wash is poor! When it gets busy people are everywhere blocking traffic. It wasn't well thought out at all. The customer service is always good and we are frequent customers.
4	I don't think I will ever go back to waiting an hour for my car to be washed at a full service car wash. For $5 I get a car wash, a cloth to wipe the inside of my car, and compressed air and vacuums. I'm in and out in 10 minutes and my car is clean with no hard water spots that result from my car waiting in a long line to be dried. I only wish there was a location closer to me, as I usually have to wait for an occasion to be in the area to justify the visit.
1	I have been a paid member there for since about the time they opened.  There 22.00 wash will cheat you and it won't do the tire shine or other options.  Every time you complain they say it does that from time to time or you get someone else's wash on accident.  We'll enough of the bs.  They are full of crap at cheat you out of the wash
5	I really like this place its really reasonable and the team makes sure you are satisfied with their work .I'll be going toThis  place from now on to have my car washed.
2	Have used only two $3.00 care washes and the one on 43St/Thomas is much better than  the 59Av/Bell location. The Bell location leaves areas untouched and dirty. The tire shine misses large parts of the tire. The staff is great but the machine seems a little worn. I bought the monthly pass and I will cancel before next payment is deducted. If you love you car you will cringe every time you use these types of car washes.
1	I brought my car to Clean Freak today. When I got out, the car looked like it was never washed.  Although I paid for the 5.00 wash, I expected my car to be a least clean when it came out. The wash did not even remove a leaf that was on my car! I went to the car wash at 59th and Bell. Will never go again!
3	Honestly, the only reason I go to this carwash is because it's in a convenient location for me, and the carwash itself is good. But do not ever go here if you're in a hurry. I'm always either waiting on an attendant to come out so I can go through the wash, or waiting on another customer so I can go.I have a fast pass, and it is a good deal. $16 a month for unlimited washes, and I get my car washed a lot. But the fast pass is not fast. At all. There are only two lanes to get into the wash, and if one of the arms is up, the other won't go up until the car has passed through. And let me tell you, the other arm is always up. There's always a customer in the regular lane taking 5 minutes to make a car wash purchase. It's just annoying. It isn't a bad car wash, but you'll always be waiting. I just wanna get in, get my car washed, get out.
3	Iv been going to Clean Freak Car Wash for about a year now and every time I get the $8 Freaky Clean wash. It is a combination of all the machines they have! I can definitely say you get your moneys worth, my car comes out clean just about every time.
