5	It's hard to review a hair salon or barber because the experience greatly depends on who your stylist is. In my case, I love my usual stylist, Kellie, and drive from the southwest side of town to get my haircut from her, even though a Sport Clips has opened much closer to my house. She used to be at the Galleria location (you can find some of her prior good reviews on that page), but was transferred to this newer Green Valley location.It's a perk to be able to watch ESPN while getting a haircut, but at the end of the day what continually brings me back is that I get a great haircut from her. I always go for the MVP, which is a haircut, scalp shampoo massage, steamed towel treatment, and a relaxing neck and shoulder massage. Totally worth it.I also like that all haircuts are walk in without an appointment because I enjoy the flexibility. For those that like having a defined time for their haircut, that could be a negative. To each his own.
4	Have been there twice, with Kat both times. She does a great job, explains what she is doing, and makes sure to point out what she is using in your hair. The MVP experience is nice, which I have had twice. No appointments so if that i what you like, won't find it here.
5	Since we moved into a new house in Green Valley Ranch I had to find a new haircut place. This was my 3rd place I tried and I'm now a loyal customer. I've had Kat almost every time and she's been great. They keep your "style/numbers" you use on file so they just have to confirm it then get to work. I do the Triple play almost every time and always have the result I want.
4	If you can't afford going to a high-end salon then this place is a great option. It's never too busy and all the stylists there are friendly. Lacey always gives me a great cut so asking for her is suggested. Not really into sports but if you're into the big game there's plenty of televisions showing your favorite teams.
5	I've been going here since it opened. Where can you find friendly people that cut hair and watch sports? The MVP is the greatest idea; for guys that don't like to get pampered, but need to relax once in awhile.   I never had a person there that gave me a bad shampoo, bad massage or bad haircut. Everyone is great and personable. Bree and Hannah are awesome. They do work.
5	They renovated the inside and it looks great. Much more open. Still my goto haircut place.
5	Why do I like Sport Clips?  1) it is geared for us gentlemen so we get sports on tv and the atmosphere is more comfortable than a regular beauty salon.  Jamie was awesome!  She asked all the right questions to get my cut the way I like it, making sure she had it right.  A lot of stylists I have been to don't even ask they just cut it the way they want which often times leaves me disappointed.  Jamie was very helpful with picking out hair gel afterward.  I always get the MVP which includes the hot towel and shoulder massage.  I will definitely be back monthly!
5	My son is 2 (28 months) and we usually take him to Sharkeys, but they were closed.  I've been asking my son, Max, for weeks if he'll get a hair cut and today was the only 'yes'.  Not wanting to waste his good hair cut attitude we tried sport clips. There was no line and all the girls very optimistic that he would behave. They had lollipops on hand, which I thought would be essential. We usually go through three or 4 at sharkeys to keep him distracted. Lauren was so friendly and personable, Max took to her right away. It was a great first experience and we will be back.
5	20 percent military discount!  Staff is friendly and you won't miss any sports action while you're waiting!
5	Great haircut with televisions everywhere and friendly staff... Only negative for me is the same negative with every barber, I'm sorry but I don't want to make small talk for 20 minutes while I get my hair cut. Just cut it please, we don't need to talk about the weather!!!!!
