5	My dog is a rescue and needed some socialization while I'm at work.  I never used a dog daycare and was a little nervous for him.  The staff was great, and quickly put us at ease.  The were really caring and knowledgeable.  My dog ended up having a great time!  They even sent a text to keep us posted during the day.  The facility is clean and fun.  My dog slept like a rock after all the play! We both look forward to our next visit!
5	My dog loves going there !  The staff is very knowledgeable, and they interact with all the dogs... even taking a photo of my dog playing with the other dogs and sending it to me during the day.  I feel very comfortable leaving my dog with them because I know he is being cared for lovingly.
5	Such a great place to take your dog! I absolutely love this establishment. They are very friendly, fun, and professional. Great space for any size dog to run around and play all day. Very clean as well. They have a fantastic webcam system set up so you can check in on your pup via app on any smart phone. After my puppy's first day he came home completely wiped out! He had had so much fun!Very affordable and convenient for those living in Southern Highlands or near by areas. I highly recommend this place for anybody with a busy day, working or running errands, who hates leaving their puppy or adult dog home alone all day. Plus has great boarding options and grooming.
4	I have to say do far so good. We just discovered this place, they had a booth set up at Party with Your Pooch in Town Square. The girls at the booth were great, I liked them on first impression.  They were giving special grooming prices if we booked that night, our dog is a big hair ball so we decided to give them a try. The fact that they are pretty close to home didn't hurt.We had our pup groomed the next day and asked if they could do a daycare evaluation while he was there and they agreed, no problem. We even got a tour before we left, they have nice big play areas.Our pups groom looked great, from nose to tail (or nub). He seemed very happy when we picked him up and then immediately fell asleep when he got in the car (that's a good sign).We decided to give a full day of daycare a try a couple days later. Again I got back a happy sleepy eyed boy. Every employee I encountered was friendly and helpful and put me at ease leaving my boy in their hands.My only gripe is their camera viewing app, I like to be able to look in on him when I'm  at work. The view is really tiny on my phone and the app expires often. I would like to be able to pull up a view on my computer but I have to deal with what they use.We're definitely gonna keep going here, I will update my review soon.
1	They are rude and lack knowledge of dog behavior. They talk to customers like they're incompetent. They obviously don't have any idea what they're doing. Apparently when a dog has a "growly bark" it means they're aggressive and can't be with other dogs.
5	This place is great! It's very clean and the folks are very pleasant from the moment we arrived with our two dogs. Grooming was good and reasonably priced... We will be using them in the future.
5	I love this place !!!  The staff is knowledgeable, personable and recognizes my dog the minute I walk in there which makes me feel good.  It smells clean and looks clean which is important to me.  I also like the fact that they don't allow aggressive dogs to be there -- I can see on the webcams that the staff is attentive to the needs of the dogs, and because they are particular about which dogs to let in and which dogs to turn away, it makes me feel that my dog is safe there.  And Dog Days LV is the only kennel free daycare & boarding place that I have found in Las Vegas so I know my dog enjoys that freedom, rather than being cooped up in a small kennel all night.  The personal care and attention of every staff member that I've met there makes me know that I have found the best place for my dog to play during the day and stay the nights when I need to be away from home, with me not having to worry about him.  I highly recommend this facility !!
1	We took our 3 yr old, high energy 65 lb mixed breed dog to Dog Days day care for the first time on Halloween day.  We are pretty much regulars at another dog day care and boarding place but we live in SoHigh so this location would have been ideal for us.  I completed the paperwork and while doing so, our dog was being held by the leash by the man at the front desk.  One red flag was that this facility does NOT require copies of shot records, rabies vaccine records, or anything else.  They ask you to check the box that your dog is up-to-date but there is NO accountability for that.  I knew our boy was healthy so I went ahead and completed the rest anyway.  As I am filling out the papers, our dog had NO issues with that man who was holding him for me.  However, on the paperwork it asked about the dog's behavior so I wrote down that he can nip when excited and that he sometimes dislikes adult males.  Well, my honesty was used to punish our sweet boy.  While I was given a quick tour of the facilities by a female staffer, we passed the small dog play area and then the large dog play area.  In the large dog play area, there were three other dogs and I knew mine would be in Heaven playing with them.  A different female staffer inside the play pen looking after the dogs was literally sitting down and on her phone (texting or something) - not even interacting with the dogs, let alone, getting up when she saw a new client.  That was my next red flag but I ignored it.  Then, I was shown where dogs would be boarded (since we do board occasionally).  I was disappointed to see that there was a very large dog in the boarding area with a "baby gate" in front of his kennel so he could walk out of his crate and still be contained.  Another red flag.  Anyway, I knew this was a one-day trial so I agreed to leave my dog there for $26.  Upon returning, we were told that our dog was aggressive and he tried to bite a male staffer who walked by the play area and so they boarded him up in a cage AND put a carpet over his cage!  FOR OVER 1 1/2 HOURS!!!!!   WTF?  First of all, our dog has NEVER bitten anyone, second of all, I did say he could nip when excited and he can dislike some adult males so why weren't the staffers respecting his natural behavior and doing things to prevent it?????  And finally, I certainly did NOT pay $26 to have my dog boarded up with a carpet placed over his cage.  How stressful for him!  To top it all off, our dog got warts from this place and had to go to the vet.  Gross.  I am still so upset  and believe I should be honored a full refund, however, my husband said to just let it go and never give them our business again.  So here I am, hoping my story will prevent someone else from stressing out their dog and not getting what they paid for.  Too bad... we have lived in Southern Highlands since 2004 and really want our local businesses to succeed, but this one will never see another penny from us.
5	I boarded my two dogs for a week over the Christmas holiday. The staff was great. They took care of my dogs like they were their own. It is clean and large and the dogs get A lot of attention. I have had a hard time trying to find a kennel that I trust so that I can leave town. They have someone there 24 seven I really like that because you never know if you bored them at the vets office there is no one there at night. And you never know if there could be a fire.I was very pleased and will continue to board my dogs there.
