4	On the first warm day in Montreal since September of 2008 I slipped my lily white feet (ok, deathly pale - who am I kidding) into flip flops for the first time and visited this little nail salon on Duluth.They are busy so an appointment is recommended. Upon entering, you're greeted by two huge fish tanks full of rufa fish. By dipping your feet into one of these tanks for 15 minutes before your pedicure, you essentially lose a good deal of dead skin. That's right, they eat it right off of you. I didn't try it this time but I'm curious and saw one brave soul squirm for the first 5 minutes of the procedure then she settled in with a magazine.My pedicure ($35) included a workout for my feet. Be prepared for a tough (lots of punching and slapping) foot and lower leg massage and a massaging chair. In and out in a half hour, it was worth the price and I'd go back.
5	Massage chairs, tons of colours to pick from and great prices; Tami is a great place to go for your mani/pedi. One of the best pedis I have ever received, could have been the 'power tools' she used on my feet :P They have all kinds of gadgets and they are fast, yet thorough.Definitely make an appointment as the place was hopping even on a Monday evening.
4	I was unfortunate enough to have chipped all but 3 nails on my right hand and refused to go anywhere until the situation was rectified. I yelped and this place was 45 seconds from the front door to my apt and off i walked. The waiting area is small but i found a seat while i waited to be greeted and realized there was a back room full of people getting pedicures. I advised i just needed a polish change and the manicurist directed me to a chair and said it would be a few minutes. I had no where to be and so i waited and within 10 minutes she was finished with her client and came over to change my polish. It didn't take long and i was impressed with the skill level of the manicurist , the color selection is HUGE and the cleanliness of the salon. This seems to be a very popular place and at least 4 people came in after me while i was drying.The only negatives i have are that they only accept debit not credit or cash and there is only one drying station for hands and two for feet. There are about 5 pedicure chairs so most people didn't wait long for them to turn over.
3	great, clean salon with friendly staff...though i'm going to be honest about the actual nail job.i came to get shellac or gel manicure done...the color i wanted was in seaweed bio gel. it was probably one of the worse paint jobs i've had, since she couldn't paint within my nails, spilling over the sides - not being meticulous. and since it was gel with 3 layers, i had this paint job for 2-3 weeks.at least, this seaweed bio gel didn't chip. just too bad, that it didn't look great.
2	The fish nibbling deserves five stars.  It's automatic giggles from the moment your feet go in the tank.  (it's also a little startling to learn where fish can find dead skin.  On my shin?  All over my shin? REALLY?  eek).So that was a blast.  But the pedicure was merely serviceable. I will say that they managed to fit in my daughter and me as walk-ins.  We waited about 30 minutes, but they got us in - so that was nice.  And yes, the colour selection is good - although the front of the salon is so dimly lit the pale turquoise my daughter picked out turned out to be more green than blue, but she liked it, so all's well that ends well in that regard - but listen, just because I let two dozen fish dine on my dead skin doesn't mean the job is over.  My heels were still more Hobbit than Hamptons by the end of the pedicure, and the massage was lacklustre at best.The actual polish application was good for me, but my kid had bubbles and chips from Minute One.  Prices reasonable, especially for her - but in the end, the job was only so-so.  Go for the fish and go elsewhere for the pedicure.   Staff friendly enough but we arrived at the end of the day - they were tired and it showed.
5	I don't even know how I could have possibly not reviewed this place, I guess I just had assumed I did...In any case I have been using Tami's services about twice a week every summer for the past 4-5 years and they are great.  The prices are really good, the place is very well kept and the girl's are all friendly.  I have been going for a while so I of course have a lot of gossiping to do with the girls, but as someone I sent there the other day said, they can be quiet and may seem shy.  I have been using Tami's my go to gift certificate place for friends and it is really a wonderful gift. Who doesn't like some pampering?  So try them out and while your there you can enjoy a massage chair and for those who want something different try the fish thing, your legs and feet will feel incredibly soft for a few days.
5	I have just discovered yet another reason to love Tami's. I recently tried their Shelack (sp), which instead of being just a regular polish is a gel, it does require more work to apply as they must first manicure (35$ me thinks), but the serious bonus is that once applied it dries instantly (I am use to paying before getting polished to avoid messing up whilst rustling through the purse to get wallet), but Jenni (another of my faves there said. "don't worry you will see dries fast"), and so it did.  The look is awsome cause it has a very high sheen, and remains looking brand spankin new for up to 3 weeks.  My last time was a good 15 days but my nails grow really quickly so you can see the gap, I have done neutral color,  and bright red and am planning on french manicure for the next one, so if you like me have a busy schedule and are not particularly carefull (as in I garden and serve food so my hands are constantly in water), this is a great solution to keeping your nails pretty and polished.
5	Ladies, this is the only place to come  for your shellac!!! I am going on week 3 and the only reason why I need to go back is because my nails grew. This time around I did a natural colour and it's not as noticeable, but the time I got it before, it was hot, hot pink and it also lasted for over 2 weeks. Can't be the price, massage chairs and the friendliness of this place; maybe one day I will try dunking my feet in the fish...
3	I've had a pedicure here twice and done a gel manicure once. The salon is nice, with big windows and giant massage-style pedicure chairs. They have a great selection of colors from Essie and OPI, both of which are quality brands that I highly recommend. They used to have the fish tanks with the tiny, dead-skin-eating fish, but they have apparently phased that out, unfortunately. The staff has always been nice to me. I read other reviews of Tami that said they were rude or awkward or quiet, but I think that might be a symptom of a language barrier, not attitude. The staff has always been polite to me. My pedicures were both quite good: the massage, nail shaping and painting were all done well. Still, I felt that there was more exfoliating that could have been done since both times I left with still mildly hard heels. But, in the end, I still choose this place for my pedis. My gel manicure was ok. The painting, shaping and painting was well done, but I asked if they did any sort of gel nail art or designs and the technician responded as if she didn't even know what that was. Also, the final product lasted barely 5 days before starting to chip and peel. I paid almost $70 for a pedicure and gel manicure and the gel lasted 5 days? I was pretty unhappy. I have had a gel manicure from a salon in NYC that did wild and fun nail art in the gel and which lasted SO LONG. This might be an issue of product that they use or application, I am not sure. In the end, I will continue to get pedicures here and try to insist on more exfoliation, but I think I will look for gel manicures elsewhere.
2	I went to Tami for the fish pedicure. It tickled like crazy initially. I guess, I was forgotten after 25 minutes it wasn't tickling - it felt like my feet and legs were falling asleep. With the $10 coupon, it was a great value for a novel experience.Service was subpar, I won't be back.
5	I came there without an appointment and they were all really friendly with me.Now three weeks after my visit my acryl nail prolonging is on the way to grow out and it splits up a lil bit BUT thats just normal.I was so fascinated how fast she did her work (tami) and how beautiful she made the nail polish on them...Would definitely recommend this place to everybody for those acryl nails and even for those shellac manicures... It looked really beautiful at the other customers.
5	Tami's is my neighbourhood joint. I've been to places all over town but I keep coming back to Tami's because the shellac is always flawless. It's the best price for quality nails in the city.
5	Tami's is super cute VERY clean and great service! My nails were AMAZING! They are true artists I got so many compliments:)Thx Ashanda for my fantastic nail design.
