3	Cons:1) parking - its assigned parking for residence but people always will park in ur spot especially if you have one close to the halls.  there is no public guest parking so they have to park against the curbs outside the garage (ghetto much)2) gym - horrible gym! it looks fancy but trust me the tvs dont all work and if they do some are bad images.  the machines dont get matienenced. 3) apts - some have good views but with that said you can hear ur neighboors and especially when they are having moments with their other half if u know what i mean. not something i want to hear4) building maitenence - there is always something being worked on, sometimes the hot water doesnt work, sometimes the elevator doesnt work, sometimes the hall rugs are dirty and need cleaning, sometimes the gate isnt working which means ur buzzer to get u in the age doesnt work5) guests - besides parking issues, there is only 1 guest entrance and not everyone has a las vegas # hello! people are not going to be local if they live in this type of place usually so you cant have a guest come to ur house via guest entrance from a call box if u dont have a local 702 #. Pros:6) roof - great place to swim, tan, tennis, and basketball7) game room - wish i didnt have to pay to have a party in it but the game room looks fun8) love the jet tub in the master bed.  i would never live here if it wasnt for that i need it in my bathroom and the glass shower9) front desk - they seem nice. i never had to many issues with them10) location! - it can be good because its next to unlv im a student and i work on the strip so everything is perfect proximity but of course its like right outside the ghetto. this place is definitely a fish out of water type of place.  its bareable though.
3	I've been a resident for about six months. There has been quite a bit of change with the complex in regards to change in property management. The parking is covered and in a garage for residents. Parking for guest could be less of a hassle and more evident. If you live in the building closer to Swenson your guest will have to walk quite a way to get to your unit. The halls need quite a bit of maintenance. The carpets are wayyyyyyy too light for the amount of foot traffic it sees. It should be shampooed and cleaned every other weak. The walls should be repainted every four to six months. It sounds expensive but rent isn't cheap here. The business center is a pain to deal with. Two computers for the entire property is insane. The business hours are only open when the main office is open. I believe with the rate they charge for rent it should have steady hours or have a key produced for residents. The rooftop is an awesome amenity. However the charge implemented to use the clubhouse is ridiculous. If I live here it should be included in the rent charge. They need more BBQ grills. Security should also be more evident and personable. They always seem so upset when I see them at night. Location is convenient. Near the strip and across from the college campus.
1	The recent change in rental companies has been for the worse! The ConAm management is a joke. What happened to the other company?? Smfh!!! There is ALWAYS something wrong with this complex. The garage door has been broken for nearly four months. The elevator is a hit or miss. One day it's broken, the next day it's still broken.
1	Regardless of the comment/response left by Lily and whatever half-ass team ConAm has I'm far from impressed with this complex. There is no consistency with the property management team. While I've encountered pleasant staff members there willingness and friendliness end in the halls of by-passing. The security continues to harass residents by constantly asking where they belong and for photo identification. Instead of harassing people who actually reside on the property; why don't they make themselves useful and stand at the gates that allow people who have no business behind the gates?! Focus on the constant smell of marijuana that plague the halls of some of these floors. Write a warning letter for the half ass cleaning of the court yards with empty trash cans and fallen light post. Rotate your staff members who occupy the leasing office because some of them either really hate where they work and don't understand the business of satisfying their guest/residents. Since when does paying over $1000+ for rent put a time limit on when and how we can utilize a business center on property grounds with (useless) security 24/7?!?! I've lived in this complex for almost a full year and when I first moved in using the club house was free of charge! Now you want me to pay you $200 and put another $200 deposit down just to use the space you created for US (the residents)?! Give me a break! Tell me again the perks of living here?! You have a side entrance for pedestrians on Swenson with no keypad to allow entrance once you've walked out. What sense does that make?!?! You've got some keypads at gates and doors into the building that either don't function AT ALL or doesn't have every resident listed! I see minor "projects" being installed throughout the property but they all serve minimal to no purpose. What the hell do we need guards at the mailbox area for? If anyone is retarded enough to pull straight up to their mailbox they deserve to have their car messed up. People should definitely be mindful if they are looking to rent from this company. The models may be beautiful and set up wonderfully but it's like putting lipstick onto a pig. Underneath all that pretty is something far less disgusting. Save your money and go elsewhere. My lease is ending in a few weeks and I'll be sure to post pics of the apartment I leave and whether or not I get my deposit back or if it gets lost with some sorry excuse for why the apartment was so horrible they need to rebuild a whole wing for it. Stay tuned....
1	The worst management or tied to the worst management bad location unless you're going to UNLV then its next door and the pool at the top is always cold and always full of moths in insects that night and all the homeless people come up there and try to break into the gates are always broken the management is horrible find me on Facebook and you'll see the whole story or ask me because they kick me out because didn't get my check and it came to them the security are lazy and so are the management and I will never come back and I'm happy about that
4	Las Vegas Grand Apartments is an amazing place to live! Rooftop amenities- pool lined with cabana's, full basketball and tennis court. spacious, great atmosphere, and a location which is conveniently close to the strip. would highly recommend it to any future residents to LV!
1	This is by far the worse rental company and property. While the units come across as gorgeous and luxurious, once the makeup is wiped off of that pig it's nothing but cheap coating on an overpriced product. The leasing office all seem more busy with what their plans are after work and less worried about what their tenants require. GTFOH!Travis will probably bring a lawsuit to their company if not careful. He offers all of the wrong information and details and pretty much ignores you unless it's rent time or he's getting you to sign a lease. I recently went to visit a different unit on this property and their was evidence of mold. The property management team completely ignored my findings and told me it was nothing to be worried about it just required a bit of scrubbing. After not trusting them (which I'm glad I didn't) I decided to get an assessment by a professional. I scheduled an appointment with RCS and they came out to look at my findings. They informed me not only was the mold growing but it could potentially become toxic. They offered some solutions and advised I should speak to the management team. They also provided me a business card to a lawyer who could help me with any questions.After notifying Travis of my findings he said he would send someone over to look at it and said maybe I wasn't using the ventilation properly in the restroom. Are you serious?! The unit hasn't been occupied for years but rather weeks. So how did mold get in after being here for weeks? GTFOH!Then days go by before I even see someone from maintenance to look at the issue and they tell me that I should sue because it looks like it's spreading and if I got an inspection done then why bother with the front office. That's really professional!Are they just as sick of the management as the tenants are?To add insult to injury my car was broken into. Mind you this isn't the first time it has happened! How does a car get broken into when there's one garage on property? The community is gated? And there's an event being held by the leasing company? Can you say...inside job?! This place is ridiculous. Renters beware!!! Go somewhere else for the amount of rent you're paying you can be a better neighborhood and deal with better management!!!
1	I have lived here for almost 2 years and I WILL NOT be renewing my lease. The leasing office staff is completely incompetent and have no idea what they are talking about on a regular basis. They don't even understand their own product a majority of the time and find loopholes to charge more money that normally isn't justified. I rarely get notified of my packages being delivered, the 'updated security' is still poor, and you are paying premium pricing for mediocre service. I look forward to leaving in a month. I will not be renting from Las Vegas Grand or their parent company Con Am ever again.
2	I moved in last May, and I will be moving out Feb 1st.  When I first moved in the security was all over the place which was nice.  Now I may see them once a week, and when I do they will stop me and ask me for my ID.  Why aren't they harassing the people that are smelling up the hallway with all different types of drugs and blasting music at all hours. The most frustrating part about living here is the privacy.  About 2-4 times a month you will get a "24 hour notice", saying that they need to enter your apartment. This last notice was put on my door at 3pm saying they will be there tomorrow at 8am.  That is not 24 hours.  This is not good either when I work in the casino until 1am.  These inspections have become a joke, more harassment then anything.
1	DO NOT MOVE IN HERE.... unless you love the sound of VERY loud planes flying over every 2 min. There is no on site security like they LOVE to falsely advertised. It's in a extremely ghetto/un safe neighborhood. At any time day or night you wil see dozens of hookers, drug dealers & homeless people walking by & hanging right outside your gate. Be prepared to get stuck with a huge ridiculous bill when you move out. They will try to get you for everything. I personally paid a cleaning service $160 to clean when I moved out & they still tried to bill me $120 for a cleaning fee which is crazy cause the place looked better than when i moved in. You have ZERO privacy everyoneone on their balcony can see right into your place if you dare open blinds. Also you get the joy of listening to your neighbors have parties, loud music, sex and or smell the pot in the hallways. The management is a freaking JOKE. The worse I've ever had to deal with in my life. The only good review on here I can almost promise you it was written by one of the management. lol such a joke. DONT MAKE THE MISTAKE MANY OTHERS DID!!! DO NOT MOVE IN HERE. The place appears to be nice when really its as dumpy as its dangerous surroundings. My mother came into town and i was embarassed to show her where i lived. PLEASE DONT DO IT!!
2	So far, I  regret moving here. Roach problem like crazy. I've lived here 2 weeks and have seen way too many. They only offer spraying twice a month, so I have to live with it for another week or so. The carpets in the hallway are disgusting and look like you'd find it in a motel. The pool is kept clean, but the chairs and cabanas are not. So many stains. Ew. The website for the complex is always down. I can never submit for Maintenance. The staff is helpful at least. Security is nice, though they do not enforce the no tail-gating rule, which freaks me out. And for some reason at least one of the parking garage gates is always open. Not a fan of that, whats the point? They charge you for wifi here, which is kinda annoying seeing as we pay at least 1000$+ for rent. The doors only have one lock, I wish they'd add chains at least. The look is overall very nice, but when you get down to it, not so much.
1	This is the worst place ever! It's a nightmare to live in this complex and before I moved in I saw all the bad reviews but I thought "well how bad can it be?" ... So people you should learn from my mistake do yourself a favor do not move there!!! The management is horrible and plus this place it a ghetto it is in a very dangerous area and actually 3 months ago someone got into the parking lot (it's not really a problem to get in there) broke in into 20 cars including mine , stole a vehicle , my stuff were all over the hall cuz he stole some of the items I left in my car but with the ones he had nothing to do he just threw all over the place, this person was mentally illed he could have killed or raped someone in the building and nobody cared. Do not move there I warned you!
1	Moved here 2 1/2 years ago, moving out now...The apartments are very beautiful and comfy, ill give u that. but everything else suck:a. 3 different management companies in the past 2.5 years. no body knows whats going on and its hard to get answers or help from the managers.b. maintenance of the ground suck! hallways are dirty, so does the inner yards.c. SECURITY - this is the main reason we are moving out. because of the changes of managing company, security was on and off (this neighborhood is not nice) and in the past year there have been more and more break ins. a month and a half ago, couple of guys were robbed at gun point in the hallway inside the building!!! out side of my door!!! and the management wont do anything about it...on top of it all they wanted to raise my rent by 100$ for the renewal of the contract!bottom line - stay away.
1	I completely regret moving in here, I may break my lease early to get out of this nightmare.I pay 1400$ a month to live in a safe and beautiful community - lol no. This place has more roaches than I have ever seen, even after having them spray twice I still find them three or four times a week. It is literally the most disgusting thing to open the dishwasher and find roaches. And I'm not even a messy person with food lying around.
1	I regret moving into these Apartments. It is not safe, i would say some type of crime happens here every couple weeks. If you live on the top floor, the airplanes passing by gets really loud. If you live in the middle floors, it is so thin you can hear your neighbors, and if you live on the first floor you will get robbed. Don't let the sales people fool you, they are the worst property management group I have ever dealt with.
1	I lived here for a little over a year and I couldn't move quick enough. The apartments themselves are nice, however they are extremely overpriced for what you receive. Security is horrible, people were getting their cars broken into and their things stolen constantly. The new management company is horrible and only cares about profits. This place changes management companies so frequently, no one keeps any records of anything and nothing is ever followed up on. The building is dirty and they hardly ever do any maintenance on the inside hallways or carpets and they keep increasing rent while decreasing amenities. Although they may seem nice, stay away and find another apartment. You'll save yourself a big headache.
1	DO NOT EVEN THINK ABOUT MOVING IN...I move here about a year ago, and i did everything in my power to leave as soon as i could. So lets start : 1.- They broke into my car and stole everything (notice the car was parked inside the garage ). they didn't do anything about it.2.- They broke in to my roommates car and stole everything (they did nothing again) we track the phones and realize that they were located across the street (siegel suites ) we let the police know and they told us that this type of crime happens here for the past three years and they haven't done anything about it.3.- someone on my floor was held at gun point and robbed.4.- management changes all the time so you never know who are u dealing with.5.- police and ambulance will disturb you everyday at night time because there is always something happening at siegel suits (across the street )last I spoke with management (tony) wasn't  the best person to deal with he got this attitude and he thinks he knows better. all i wanted was my deposit and get the hell out .conclusion i will not recomend this place to anyone specially if you have kids it is a very dangerous area.i you are a women don't even think about it it is not a save place.
1	DIRTY, UNSAFE, LOUD I lived here for 2 years and was happy to move out. Management was very inconsistent and the property was poorly maintained. Disgusting hallways lead to nice looking units, but don't let the units fool you. My bathroom smelled of sewage at least once a month and this was never addressed despite numerous complaints. This is not a safe area and security was awful. Guards occasionally showed up at the main gate on Flamingo and were rarely seen at the Swenson gate. So if a car wanted to follow you in and into the parking garage, they could, which I witnessed often. My locked bicycle was stolen from the garage and my storage unit was burglarized with no sign of forced entry. I requested the management company change the lock and they did, however,  I was charged $30 without consent to replace it. The location, albeit a dangerous one, is probably the only positive thing I can say about The Las Vegas Grand if you work on the strip. But even this great location comes at a cost...You can hear EVERY airplane landing at Mccarran Airport all day and night. My suggestion would be to stay far away and save yourself a big headache or worse.
