3	Went to get JB weld for some metal parts. They didn't have any.... Well they had JB weld for wood but not medal. Is this something normal outside the south. Anyway despite that omission in stock, they had something that works.
5	I looked all over for a lamp repair store.  It seemed that there were no such establishments.  It then occurred to me that some of the Ace Hardware stores in Washington did light repairs so I took a chance and called the Litchfield Park store.  The manager, Odis, told me to bring it in, they would see what they could do.  I did, they worked on it for at least 20 minutes to a half an hour, took it apart, replaced a 54 cent something or other and put it back together.  They charged me for the part only, no labor.  They were courteous, helpful, knowledgable and all around Boy Scouts.  I haven't been so impressed by a culture of customer service in I don't know when.  I felt like I had time warped back to the fifties.  Thank you to Odis and Mick, you made my week and saved my antique mall bargain lamp.
3	clean and organize place..  staff is very helpful.. could use more staffs
5	Ace Hardware is a hybrid hardware store. They are bigger than the old time hardware stores which unfortunately are a dying breed (I miss the the 'good old days) and smaller than the big orange box stores. Like their smaller counterpart the staff is usually knowledgable and can help you with questions about your project. For the most part sell quality products and have things you just can't find (well locally, the Internet changes that game). Though they can be a bit more expensive than the box stores, people are available to help you without the customary eye roll the big boxers provide free of charge. Although Ace is a national chain most if not all the stores are privately owned franchises so you get the national warranty on Ace products. This particular Ace has a helpful staff, friendly and knowledgable, though they not carry every name brand, they usually have an Ace equivalent that is usually acceptable. I've had them order products for me in the past and the items usually arrive within a couple days. I admit I don't always shop there, but split my business between them and the big box store.
5	They make mailbox keys!!!  And quick!!!
3	Walk past three people, none if which were helping other customers, and not one of them greeted me or asked if I needed assistance. Not the normal service I'm used to getting at an Ace Hardware. Cashier was friendly but there was a lot of cross talk with another employee instead of waiting until my 2 minute transaction completed. :(
