5	Went to Garbanzo for lunch today and had the chance to taste almost everything! We were the first 'customers' of the day, the food was free while their staff is still in training, with an optional donation to Mollen Foundation.My favorites? Baba ganoush, potato chips, cucumber salad and the flavored teas (pomegranate/cranberry and ginger/lemon). Give it a try, they officially open 11/24. Interesting concept and great service. **Falafels were great too, and dolmeh (stuffed grape leaves)... I do not know how to describe the difference, but I think the dolmeh was the best I have ever had. It was tasty, and it could be it had more olive oil, the texture was different and it was yummy.**I keep coming back to edit this review : ) They also had a cilantro sauce, along with tzatziki (lots of dill in the tzatziki), a mediterranean sauce with a ranch base (I believe), a tahini sauce and some other hot sauce I think.**For vegetarian option for the plates they have portobella mushrooms, (beside falafel, and dolmeh I guess) I tasted them as well and they were great.**For pita, they are made in house and they have regular and wheat. They are so fluffy, I think they are all pita pockets. Really good!We also had baklava.
5	Great healthy fresh choices. Friendly staff. Very tasty!
5	Great healthy, fresh food. Friendly staff. Very tasty!
4	For what it is, a Mediterranean Chipotle, it's pretty good. A quick easy alternative for a different dish. Get the plate your first time there and sample everything. I enjoyed it.
5	We love Garbanzo! We got hooked on it while living in Denver and we're stoked it finally came to AZ! Opening night didn't disappoint - hummus, vegetable salad, tabouleh, chicken, falafel, pita. Everything was delicious and brought back great Colorado memories. Check it out! You will love it!
5	Garbanzos just opened up in the Desert Ridge shopping center and I can't say enough good things about it. They are welcoming from the minute you walk through the door. If you are a person like me that's new to Mediterranean food they are more then happy to give you a small sample or suggest their favorites. I ordered the falafel plate and decided to get a side of all the sauces... They are great for adding a kick or helping blend together the flavors tahini, tzatziki, mediterranean garlic, red chili, and the cilantro. I highly recommend trying them all and finding your favorite. It's a healthy, fast and flavorful option for lunch or dinner. I will definitely be a returning customer at Garbanzos.
5	Like chipotle- but Mediterranean food!!The hubby and I came in on a Tuesday night. I got the chicken plate which basically includes everything on the bar from salad to Taboulieh, hummus, olives, pita, so yummy! The flavors of everything were great and I loved the cilantro sauce and tzatziki sauce.The hunny got the chicken pita and really liked the flavor of the red chili sauce.The employees were very nice- as we were eating they checked on us and asked if we liked our food.
5	Just visited this delicious restaurant.  Enjoyed their fresh food selections.  All yummy and healthy choices. No guilt and full tummy!  Great service, great location and great food.  Wish I lived closer I would be a regular.
4	Good edition to the DR.  I like the "build your own" options.  Only downside remains that the falafel is not very fresh.  I will definitely be back ....multiple times.
3	Came here with family last night, thought we'd give it a try. They are like a Chipotle and Pita Jungle intermix wanna be, of course the quality of food is not even near! The wrap was ok, chicken was very dry. My daughter had the pita and they told her it was the last one...(who only carries a minimum supply when you open?) My husbands order was messed up so they gave it to him for free (which was nice, but I didn't mind paying). I think when you open a brand new spot, you should meet all the expectations, and their food wasn't that great... the people working there were very nice!
5	Extremely convenient, prices are fair, and the quality is as good as most Med restaurants I go to.  The place is very clean and the service is first rate - the manager stopped by to check to make sure we were satisfied.  The entire family liked it, which is pretty rare for my crew.The best items are the hummus, grilled chicken, and believe it or not, the olives!  It's the best option at Desert Ridge, and well definitely be back.
3	Rice was so dry and crunchy, it ruined the wrap. I came back a few days later and mentioned the rice issue. She game me a sample and BAM, dry and crunchy yet again. The need to stir it occassionally and/or keep covered. The Falafle was also dry and seemed over cooked.I declined the rice and the wrap was fresh and tasty. I'm just not sure with the limited menu how long this place can be relevant.
5	My husband and I love Mediterranean cuisine and we love being able to customize what we are eating to fit our preferences. This place does both so well! If you are looking for a quick service experience offering something different than the usual Burgers/Sandwiches, Mexican, or Chinese, then come check them out.They have a simple menu that offers a plate, a wrap, or a pita to start with, and then you get to add whatever you prefer. It makes it really simple and the employees are very friendly and helpful as many customers are visiting for the first time.We both got the plate and had our pick of all kinds of specialties. And the plates come with freshly baked pita bread, nice and soft, available in wheat or white too. The chicken is flavorful and the hummus is great. We loved all the vegetable options, and I loved all the sauce choices at the end. I didn't get to try them, but they have a couple of specialty drinks too, and have a couple desserts as well - baklava anyone? They also do catering (party platters) as well, that might be nice for a party. Tray of hummus and pita? Yes please.I would definitely compare this to a Chipolte. It is quick and simple and will leave you full. Very glad this chain came to AZ!
4	Have to visit again to try different food before I give a full review...
2	well well well... where to start.... I could start bashing them because the meat in my shwarma was cold.. or I could start bashing them because their chicken tasted more like taco meat or because their " pita bread" was the size of my hand and reminded me more of a shingle than of anything one would usually eat... but I think I'll start bashing them because two outta three of our shwarmas were wrapped with tortillas and looked like burritos.. cold burritos... I didn't realize that Mexico was part of the Mediterranean.. I gave it to stars instead of one because one person in our group, the one who didn't want Mediterranean food lol, actually enjoyed their meal...
4	Nice, simple menu for a variety of taste buds. Nice options for people who need gluten and dairy free, as well. Friendly fast service. Nice addition to Desert Ridge. My kids love this place and I do, too. I would like to see a few more menu options, Like grilled veggies, but overall this place is great!
2	I really wanted to like this place... I love mediterranean food and I think the concept is great (think chipotle meets pitas!) but execution was seriously off! I went and ordered the build your own entree and got the falafel. There were tons of choices to add on to my order and most of them were really great, but honestly their falafel was inedible. If I hadn't ordered it to go I would have taken it back, but instead I was stuck with falafels that could be utilized better by the Phoenix Coyotes as hockey pucks rather than a protein that is offered by an establishment offering fresh and healthy fare. Needless to say I was a bit turned off by my experience and I don't think I will be back. Next time I need my mediterranean fix I will head to Pita Jungle.
1	My wife and I were so happy when a casual Mediterranean restaurant opened in Desert Ridge.  Well, we're not so happy any more.  Three strikes and you're out.Strike 1: Incomplete orderThe first time we visited, we ordered takeout.  I ordered a dessert with my meal.  Lo and behold, when I got home, there was no dessert in the bag.Strike 2: Burnt foodOn our second visit, I ordered a felafel sandwich.  The felafels were burnt.Strike 3: OverchargingPhoenix New Times advertised that during Valentines week, when you buy an entree, you get one free, plus a free dessert.  My wife asked the first employee about the offer, and he told her that she was correct.  However, after ordering the food and getting to the register, the next employee said that he knew nothing about this offer and wouldn't honor it.What a shame, they had so much potential.
5	This place is great. I ordered a plate with salad, rice, chicken, hummus and a few other things and it was all delicious and a good way to sample everything. The employees were super welcoming and helpful and seemed excited to be at work! Wish I had a Garbanzo's in my area!
5	We were very excited to try this place! It's very similar to chipotle but Mediterranean food. It's was great, we both got the plate with falafel and chicken. That way we got a chance to try everything without the flavors being mixed up. The employees were very friendly and helpful. The employee behind the counter gave us samples of all the sauces and falafel. I would recommend trying this restaurant.
3	Terrible service. The workers seem ill-prepared, disorganized, and clueless. They kept switching plates, put on wrong toppings. Everybody behind of me got their orders before mine. They dropped the thermometer on the floor, walked over it, and only rinsed it off in a bucket after noticing it.The food was good though, and they did apologize in addition to giving us a free meal.
5	We happen to come upon this yesterday and me and my boyfriend have been trying to be adventurous and try new things.  so we walked it and immediately by the amazingly friendly staff!  Oh and...............This has got to be the best place i have ever had a salad!Everything was great!!  The staff was super nice and helpful.  They give free samples of anything you want to try and there falafel is the best I have had in awhile!I cant wait for one to open in Tucson!!  I will go there all the time!
3	I was pleasantly surprised by this place. Is it the best Mediterranean food I've ever had? Nope. Is it the worst? Not by a long shot.There are a number of fast food places near the kid's splash pad at Desert Ridge. If you're tired of burgers, Chinese and Mexican then this is a pretty good choice. I go for the "build your own entree" menu item with the stuffed pita (really good) and the chicken shwarma.  My oldest child likes the kabobs and the little guy is still ordering off the kid's menu. We've never had a problem with any of the dishes and, like I said, they're pretty good.Nice place to grab a quick lunch or before/after you see a movie.
2	Food wasn't that good. gyro had meat that was flat and lacked flavor.  seemed over priced too.
4	Garbanzo offers up a fresh and healthier option in the Desert Ridge food court.  While it's prices aren't expensive,  I honestly would rather pay a couple dollars more and head across the street to Pita Jungle for some much better mediterranean food.  But if you're already in the district, want to avoid a wait, and/or don't feel like driving around, then Garbanzo is a more than suitable alternative.  Also; All of the employees were very friendly.  Every worker who was there on Saturday were just teenagers, but it really felt like they were going out of their way to make sure customers understood the concept of this new restaurant and had a good experience.Ordering an entree is similar to Chipotle.  Pick your protein as chicken or steak.  Or go vegetarian with mushroom or falafel.  Choose between a pita, wrap, or plate.  Pick from an assortment of mediterranean condiments.  The food is good.  I went with a chicken pita.  I guess I'm traditional like that.  The pita is more dense than I would prefer, but I guess that keeps it from falling apart.My wife had the chicken kabob.  It comes with hummus, rice, and a vegetable salad (pretty much just chopped up fresh cumbers and tomatoes) and a pita.  The chicken kabob itself was good.  It was cooked to order which was a pleasant surprise, but a little odd that we had to wait and extra 5 minutes for one of the meals.  But they did cooke the chicken and peppers perfectly. The plate is big, but it's filled mostly with the hummus and rice.  The hummus is okay,  not terribly flavorful, tastes a lot like a supermarket brand.  The rice and veggies were good.  The pita is the same that's used for the entrees.  Since it's so dense it doesn't work well as something to dip into the hummus.I would say that Garbanzo is a solid 3.5 stars.  I'm rounding up to four since it's probably the healthiest option for fast food in Desert Ridge and the employees are so friendly.  I recommend at least giving it a try if you happen to be at the mall.
2	Fresh ingredients but my gyro was slathered in tzatziki sauce and devoid of any real flavor.  The falafel was kind of the same.  I'm not a big fan of the dumb down the spices for the American folk cuisine.
3	This place almost has it right. The chicken kabob flavor is decent. The cucumber and tomato salad is fresh and tastes pretty good. However, the rice seemed to have been sitting for a while and had a lot of hard bits. The pita was cold as well. It might have been warm when it came out of the oven, but it was hard and cold when I bit into it.The hummus is runny and has an overpowering sour flavor. It needs to be a little thicker (add less water folks) and use more beans to offset the seasonings.Overall it's a warm meal and it's fast, but given so many choices in the area, I'll probably go somewhere else next time.
5	Whenever I see "cobb" on the menu, it's almost as if my eyes zoom straight in and my sights are set and locked.  I don't know what it is about this salad that just makes my mouth start to water.  It doesn't matter what version it is-- or how each restaurant will tweak the recipe just a little to make it their own.  Cobb has found a permanent place in my heart and my belly is always happier as a result.  I'm sure you guys know by now that I ordered the Mediterranean Cobb Salad here and all I can remember thinking was how good it was.  The grilled chicken, fresh greens, sliced hard boiled egg, dressing and extra pita bread on the side made for a party in my mouth and I cannot tell you how pleased I was that I ordered this.  The Mango Hibiscus tea was just as satisfying-- sweet, refreshing and thirst quenching. To top it off, the facilities were clean, and the service was outstanding.
3	Have been to this place a few times now and enjoy it. It is good..not the best but still good enough to go back whenever we are in the area. I had the falafel plate and lentil soup and enjoyed both. The hummus could be more flavorful but otherwise enjoyed the meal. Nice to have a more diverse option other than burgers or the other greasy fare available in Desert Ridge marketplace
5	I've been at least 10 times and can't get enough. Garbanzo's is perfect for vegans & vegetarians. I always get the falafel wrap with lots of add ons. The falafel is always moist and fresh. The only thing that disappointed me is they got rid of the quinoa salad. I'm still a fan but miss that salad.
1	Totally agree with Rachel's posting. Was going to eat somewhere else, but decided to try this place. Ordered a gyro and while watching the guy make it, it was ridiculous how stingy he was in putting the tzatziki sauce on. At the end, I asked for some garlic sauce and that was also sparsely added. I've never had a more flavorless gyro in my life. None of the sauces had any flavor and the entire thing was bland. The vegetables ended up being the best tasting thing. Other people have more favorable reviews on different dishes, but I'm not risking, or wasting my money again.
2	Wife and I had the Chicken Kabob plate. Very disappointed. The chicken was dry and flavorless. The saffron rice was cold.The place is very spacious and clean. Service was prompt. No one asked how the meal is. Probably won't go back there again. Too bad, I really enjoy mid-eastern cuisine.
4	Great gluten free options! The gyro meat is NOT gf though. They have gf pita bread and the other protein options are gf. Very clean and the staff helped us out greatly. This is not traditional Mediterranean but is great for quick healthy on the go food.
4	Here are the pros and consPro: with coupons (found at dessert ridge office, also on the website and special events they put on) the food is reasonable. We often eat there for about $20 including drinks for 4. The food is tasty, at least what I have tried, steak kabob, various standard sides, chips are homemade are some of the best I have ever had plus the teas are quite good, not too sweet.Cons: the person behind the counter either makes it or breaks it. We have been here 3 times and it's been inconsistent as far as portion sizes are concerned and personality of the server. I have never been offered a sample but have seen numerous other people offered. Seems like a bunch of young unsupervised kids work there. The bad part of that is you don't know what you will get when you dine there. Still I give it four stars because it is tasty every time.
