5	This hits the hotel trifecta:  cheap, spacious and clean.Cheap:  a king suite clocks in at about $65 / night.  Spacious:  the king suite has king bed, a full-size couch, a desk, and a mini-fridge/microwave plus enough space to walk.  Clean:  there were no odd stains on the furniture (ick) and housekeeping did an excellent job cleaning and restocking.  Plus throw in some amenities:  free internet, a pool and hot tub, and a decent continental breakfast in the morning.This is a nice discount motel, and I'm giving it five stars for the quality to price ratio.  Be aware that it's not particularly "luxurious":  the carpets share that tragic design with all the other cheap hotels you've been to, and the view is of a used car lot.  But it is, as advertised, very comfortable.
1	Dirty room, rude staff, overpriced. $20 was added to the price I was quoted, and I was given the runaround about it for 45 minutes. Stay away. Sleep in the park; it's cleaner.
1	my kids call it "low-quality inn".  That's coming from a 9 yr old, and we all agreed.  Sheets slip off the bed in the middle of the night, mattress was lousy, breakfast - coffee was empty, waffle batter was empty, cream was empty.  I told the front desk guy and he eventually filled up on all, but he seemed to be the only guy working in the hotel, and he just didn't have the time to do everything.  Also, garbage was overflowing in the breakfast area.  Back to the room. . . tv was old - not a flat screen.  Only one bar soap for sink and shower, towels were flimsy and small and scratchy.   Room was hot.  Is that enough comments?  We were more than ready to leave in the morning, but unfortunately this was the only hotel I could find that had a room available since it was a football weekend.
1	I rated this crap hole a 1 star and I wouldn't even give it that. The hotel is filthy and not taken care of. The staff and management is even worse. I cancelled a room in September of 2012 and they still charged me for the stay in February 2013. I have tried numerous times to contact the general manager and she has failed to contact me back.  The people that run this hotel are incredibly unprofessional. DO NOT STAY HERE!Worst decision you could make!
4	Overall not bad for price paid. The pool and hot tub were disgusting and cold, so if you are hoping to spend time there I might consider another hotel. HOWEVER, my room was clean, the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating, and they put out a top notch continental breakfast.
3	Considering it was Mother's Day Weekend at U of I, I expected to pay a little more for my room and actually had to book nearly a year in advance.  Like anything else, you should get what you pay for, but in this case, I don't feel like I got what I paid for.  At nearly double the normal rate, (currently $69/night & I paid $129/night) the two Queen size smoking room was clean enough but a terrible shower drip was disturbing throughout my time there.  Knowing there were no more rooms available, I didn't bother to tell  the staff about it.  Also, coming off the second floor elevator, the stench of cigarettes smacks you in the face.  I knew it was a smoking floor and I'm a smoker, but found it bad enough to go out and buy some plug-in air fresheners for my room.  Maybe a little carpet fresh for the hallways?On the good side, plenty of parking in the lot, free Wi-Fi and the staff was really, really nice.  Both beds were super comfy and had lots of pillows and towels.  I slept really great both nights. I missed the breakfast both mornings since I left slept in, so can't comment about it.   Nice and quiet stay, except for that shower drip.  I did mention it to the desk as I was leaving, so hopefully they take care of it.  Besides a little air freshening, it would be worth the $69/night.  I'm sure they are not the only ones that jack up the prices on Mother's Day Weekend at U of I, but at almost $289 (including tax) for two nights, I thought it fell short for that price.
