5	Dunkin Donuts coffee, I love you. I wish you'd move just one state over to the west and expand here in California. Ah, true happiness...
5	This location is in a nice area and I come by here a lot for their iced caramel latte with whip cream on top which is amazing. Their donuts selection is always good when I'm there so I'm pleased. My girlfriend and I study here quite frequently and they are always nice and turn down the music which helps a lot.
5	Quick, friendly service.  Great coffee, great price.
1	Love coming here for breakfast. That being said I am absolutely sick and tired of the rude staff, especially the manager. I'll find somewhere else to eat for now on.
1	This place is garbage! Employees are the worst. Take forever to finish an order. After waiting more than ten minutes in line, they skip me in line and help the person behind me! I didn't have the patience to wait and couldn't stomach the air of stupidity in the joint, so I walked out. Screw you DD, I'll get my coffee someplace else next time.
1	The employees are rude and got 2/3 items wrong in my order, then was annoyed to fix it. The guy working the ordering in the drive thru was terrible.  I won't be back.
1	I come here often and the service is bad more than good. I took my son by on Valentine's day morning and it was AWFUL!! The drive-thru speaker is not working well and the lady working the orders ended up yelling so loud through the speaker at us that the car behind us poked their head out the window to comment on the rudeness. I then told the person at the window how inappropriate the person taking the orders were and he shrugged his shoulders and said "well". I then proceeded to call the manager who explained they were so busy that morning and that it wasn't excuse, but said how busy they were 3 more times and offered nothing in response to the rudeness. Valentine's day and rudeness not a good mix!  Don't advertise heart donuts for Valentine's day if you can't handle the business. I think I am done with this location!!
1	This place needs help in the customer service department for sure! The associates are rude. On top of that,  no matter  what time of day you go in they have a VERY, VERY limited selection of donuts, very disappointing for the kids!
1	Not ever going back, I ordered a #5 combo and asked if I could pay the difference to upgrade my medium coffee to a cafe latte. Young lady behind the counter said sure thing. She charged me the full price for a cafe Latte on top of the number 5 combo, I questioned this as my order seemed more expensive than I anticipated. I was advised they don't substitute for the combos. SO basically they charged me for a medium coffee I didn't get. I think I'll find another place to get breakfest in the mornings.
1	The ladies that were working this past Saturday were so rude. Don't sit there and stare at me like I am wasting your time. They had an attitude about everything. Also the donuts we got were hard as bricks. Disgusting. Not a lot to choose from either. So glad someone is opening a Donutsville up the road from us. Maybe they will be a lot nicer and the donuts will be fresher.
1	So apparently this is their Carmel moolatte to me it's more pure sugar than anything else no coffee or caramel flavoring.  As for their service it sucked the guy couldn't remember what donut I ordered and it wasn't like there was a lot of people there!!  Ok it's official I won't be back I'll go to paradise across the parking lot.
1	I wondered for quite some time if I was the only one that was left with a not so pleasant experience by the staff. Come to find out nope! I was surprised at all. For being the only donut place in the area I refused to go there. Donutsville is now open and I would much rather drive an extra 10 min than 2 min from my house. Whoever owns this place should reconsider a whole new staff if they want to stay open and have valuable customers that continue to go back. Cook there food for longer as well instead of everything being cold/frozen in the middle. I received a dozen free donuts due to my experience..Thank you but no thanks!
2	2 stars is based solely on the coffee (regular with cream and sugar)... A big fat ZERO for the guys that work here. Here's a tip - if you work at a place that opens early and you aren't a morning person, then DON'T WORK THERE!! The guys that work here are rude and unfriendly (and apparently I'm not the only one who thinks the staff have issues). The girls are friendlier. Donuts are still good. I'm gonna go to Donutsville next time even though I'm farther away from them than I am from this Dunkin Douche-nuts.
4	They have the BEST sesame bagel!! But you have to get there early to get one because they go fast! This location use to have not so good customer service but now it's great.
3	It's ironic that a chain named after donuts really hangs their hat on java. The coffee here is spectacular, not the punch in the face that Starbucks delivers. Sunday Funday here at this DD, place is filled with a cool vibe, employees are wearing NFL jerseys and the service is quick if not totally accurate (but hey, a donut is a donut-for the most part :). The decaf iced coffee with pumpkin is making me as chill as the sparrows at my feet scavenging the lost sprinkles from my donut. Java, sugar, flour simple ingredients for a simple morning.
