5	This place is great! I had the Manicotti perfect portions  the staff is super friendly! Full bar I will have to come back and try!  I love that is a local family owned business!
5	Damn, I wish I was more hungrier,  the food has great taste,  surprisingly bearly opened up monday, why couldn't they be here 3 years ago, Great Food
5	Best Italian food I've had in town! Their sauce is amazing, kuddos to the cook! Clean, great home made sangrias, great staff and fantastic food!!!!
5	Delicious! The food and service was excellent. Everything is made from scratch. The owners are so nice and welcoming. They really make you feel like you're at home. I'm definitely coming back again!
5	I think one of the hardest things to find about an Italian Restaurant is the clean and fresh taste that is used from herbs and spices. Most of what we find from places like Olive Garden is canned food that taste far from the real thing. Many of the Italian food I have eaten at restaurants is something I come out of the restaurant wondering what I actually ate.  However, Adela's Italian food is something you can taste from the very beginning with the calamari and the sauce it came with it. You can actually taste your food and savor the ingredients. Adela's is truly a wonderful place with wonderful service. The servers there were always on point and right there to tend to our needs. It was truly wonderful.
5	I have now been to Adela's Italian three times and every single time it has proven to be absolutely fantastic. The bread is made when you actually show up, so I have always gotten my bread super hot.  Both my mom and sister love the chicken parmigiana at Adela's and I have to say the few bites I've had have been pretty amazing.  My personal favorite is the fettuccine alfredo which is equally amazing.  With or without chicken I have always been very impressed by the food here.  Although the appetizers were not really my thing (not a real fan of calamari) it actually tasted pretty good and I may have to start eating calamari at little more often.  On top of that the desserts at Adela's Italian are flat out amazing.  I can say from personal experience that the cannolis are excellent. I also got a chance to try the tiramisu, I usually don't enjoy coffee based desserts but it was also excellent.  The prices here are also fairly decent, unless I'm mistaken my meal (the fettuccine alfredo) with chicken is actually cheaper here then it is at Olive Garden.  The service is also really great and since it is a family owned restaurant by eating here it is nice to support a local business.  I will probably wind up coming back here at least once or twice a month.
5	That had to be the best Italian meal I've had.  The atmosphere was superb, the service was the best ever and the linguini principipessa was so amazing, with a wonderful merlot, house salad and bread the meal was perfect and of course the homemade tiramisu had to go home with me for later.  Definite place to go for a little romantic atmosphere.
5	this our first time ever in in Phoenix. my fiancee and I are here for an international training event for the company we work with and were looking for a good Italian restaurant that wasn't far from our hotel. and we by chance stumbled upon Adelas after being at another restaurant with a waiting time of over an hour long. When we got to Adelas, we were greeted so graciously by Jaime. Right away he made us feel so welcome there. it's like we've known them our whole lives. 3 of us ordered the Chicken pasta dish that is pictured on the menu (sorry forget what it was called). It was delicious. then for dessert we had the cream puffs and tiramisu. was to die for. Jaime and his father has such great personalities. We DEFINITELY recommend going here if you guys are ever in the area and are looking for great food and a great atmosphere.
5	Had an absolutely spectacular dinner here. Come from an Italian family and always have a difficult time finding good authentic cuisine. This place, however, has an elegant variety of dishes to chlose from that are prepared on the spot, and all made in house from scratch. Ps. The cannolis are outstanding
