4	Not as large a pub as its sister bar on Central, but definitely as good.  A little out of the way, I've never seen it as crowded as the one on Central, but good food, and excellent drinks.
3	A popular lunch spot with the local businesses, the G&D II offers pseudo authentic English food at a very fair price. Most of the edible offerings are reasonably good (although being an ex pat Brit my standards for this kind of dish are probably higher than some), the service is friendly if rather amateur at times (I have experienced waitresses not knowing what mint sauce is when I ask for it). Another benefit is they are always willing to do separate checks.A spin off from the original G&D on Central Ave, the decor will never be as 'pub like' due to the nature of the building itself, but a fair effort has been made to capture the feeling of a UK pub.
3	George & Dragon is a good spot for lunch or some peace and quiet during the work day.The wait staff is definitely the best part of this bar and grill. Even though my friends and I come here only about once every four or five weeks, the waitresses always remember us, our drink preferences, and what we ordered last time. Actually, that's kind of creepy.The food isn't bad, but it's not stellar either. On the English pub side of the menu, I've had a variety of the pasties, which were excellent. In true English tradition, however, the peas were canned, not fresh. The mushroom pie was good, though it's not my favorite. The fish and chips look great -- not greasy -- but I've never had them. On the American side of the menu, the grilled cheese is good but the sloppy joes have an odd flavor. Best to eat English when in a pub.There's plenty of seating in the pub, both in the main room and the back room. There are TVs in the main room, generally showing sports, but a combination of light from outside and a terrible screen make watching the big screen unbearable. Sit with your back to it. The main room also has a pool table and video poker, if you feel the urge.This place can be hard to miss, so don't pass it too quickly. They share a parking lot with a motel, and the lot is usually marked with strings of flags.
3	I lunch here frequently. It's close to my office. G'n'D (as I call it) has a great menu. It's full of fatty, indulgent British fare. Their prices used to be rediculously low but recently they updated the menu to reflect inflation for the last 20 years. The wait staff is super friendly. I wouldn't hang out at the G'n'D on a Friday night, but for a lunch break I like it.
4	A great place to get a drink (recommending the Strongbow Cider or Four Peaks Kiltlifter on tap) with friends. Food is very good. The usual bartender on the weekend nights knows her alcohol and can recommend beers based off of what you currently enjoy.
1	We have a group that meets monthly and have been to George & Dragon II one other time so we felt safe going back, but this time was like day and night. We got there early because we planned on having a dozen or so people there on a Friday evening, and there was a larger party in the back room. The other half of the room was empty so we asked to sit there. The waitress agreed so we took a seat. We asked for drinks which took a few minutes. Two friends came after we got our initial round, and they were ignored. The waitress seemed to be more interested in the larger group with the bigger tip. Part of our meeting dealt with being online since we're a technology education group, and we were blown off. Finally we were told that they no longer have wireless (which they use to "share" with the hotel next door). This was really annoying, but we weren't offered any excuses or apologies. We put away our laptops and prepared to enjoy an evening of drinks and dinner. After an hour of literally not getting served (drinks or food), we waited for a table to open in the front. A few of our people were annoyed and left without ordering anything and another person was told not to bother coming. We finally got a booth out front and complained to the waitress there. She said the next round was on the manager, who she supposedly told about our unhappiness (but unsurprisingly, he never came over at all to talk to us). We got our free drinks and two of us who were famished were able to eat. As soon as we were done eating, we got out of there and parted from the bust of an evening. We quickly removed George and Dragon II from our rotation of places for this meeting. From the fact this is has become a dive bar (absolutely NOTHING like the AWESOME George and Dragon I on Central), that the wait staff mostly sucks, and that they don't seem to care about customers, we are completely done with this place. DO NOT GO HERE.
2	I would have probably rated this place 3 stars or higher in the past, but the place still smells like smoke, years after the statewide no-smoking in restaurants ban.   Lunch dishes tend to be very small.  One piece of fish on a fish and chips, etc.   The wait staff is friendly and there is plenty of seating.
1	My group of about 8 people stopped in here on a dead Friday night.  We were looking to grab a bite to eat and get some drinks.  There was practically nobody in the bar so we thought the waitress would welcome some business.  Apparently we were wrong.  She was rude right off the bat, pissed because we pushed 3 empty tables together.  Then we asked if she could split the checks and she said yes, but she couldn't guarantee she would get everyone's order right and we would have to live with it.  What?  It took her 10 minutes to even come and take our order, then another 15 minutes to get us the drinks.  We left after 1 drink because she was so rude and unwelcoming.  Which is her loss because I'm sure she would have made at least $50 in tips off of our table.  I don't know if she was having a bad night or if she was upset because she had just realized how bad her bleached blonde mullet looked, but either way it was unacceptable.
1	This place is straight up creepy and run down. Last time I went all the G&D insignia was gone and the menu seriously said, "Restaurant name to be determined" or something equally as ludicrous. Avoid at all costs. The menu is sub-par, the service is crappy, and the decor is about two decades out of date.
1	NO it's still open for business. I spilled a beer all over myself. stupid me. It was my first beer. I told the waitress. I spilled my beer can you bring another. I waited 10 minutes. She forgot. then she brought the bill with both beers on it. CaN i GET THIS BEER REMOVED? I'll check with my manager she said. An older man came out to my table and yelled" hey young man you still a beer on yourself you take care of it next time! I was humiliated. Thank you so much! Food sucked also as bad as the service. Good bye. It should be closed.
