5	Everytime im in sin city i make sure to stop and shop here. To break it down ladies it is like a forever 21 but cheaper. Cute blazers and dresses for like nine bucks. They have a great variety of clothes and i could spend days in there.
5	I visit here everytime I am in Las Vegas (destination place) reminds me a little of ZIZIBEH in LA however, the assortment is different. Prices are really good (nothing over 20.00 and most items under 15.00. It's in the Wal Mart (one of many) strip mall so, you can grab some inexpensive things for your home (and food) and head down to Q MODE. One of the true great finds of Las Vegas. Happy Shopping!
3	Last weekend it was a friend's birthday and the theme was 80s...which meant I was in search of clothes from the 80s!  Another friend mentioned that Q Mode sold leggings, y'know, the kind with lace on the trim.  And indeed they did!  And they sold funky colors, the bright stuff like fuchsia and turquoise.  They also sold jean skirts, and those jeans with the zipper in the back.  You can find stuff from super casual to dressy too.Sizes do run small here, so don't get too frustrated when you find that a large won't fit either.  The dressing room is one large space with mirrors, so you can't be too modest here.  I think they have two regular dressing rooms inside too.There's a man in a suit that opens and closes the door for you.  We weren't sure if he's supposed to be there to intimidate you like a security guard or what.Sidenote:  They have Polly Esther passes by the register if you're in the mood to party in the 70s, 80s, 90s, or current hits room.
4	this is the perfect spot for last minute cheap club clothes! there are soooo many clothes and the store is organized entirely by color! YAY! i would envision it fairly impossible for one to come in here and not find at least one great, did i say cheap, item!!! so this past weekend i was in major need of something to wear out saturday night. i decided to pack too light and didn't have anything to wear. meh. i didn't want to hit the forum shops because i know myself well enough to know that i'd drop some serious bucks. so we decided to hit up q mode for the sake of cheapness. that is where i found my little black dress for a mere $10! YES i make you holla fo only ten dolla! :D i walked out of q mode with two tank tops and a dress and only spent $20! HAZAH!
5	This store is seriously one of the reasons why I'm soo addicted to going to Vegas.It's large, organized and the buyer/purchasing dept. has great taste in fashion.  They have a lil' bit.. well, alot of everything for everyone.  I got a leather corset, flower print sun dress, LBD and a wifebeater for all under $50.  REALLY?!  They have anything you need to suit all of your multiple personalities.  :)
3	I think of this place like Forever 21: cheap prices, different "trend" style features, bumping "hip" music. This is the bootleg Forever 21 though- some of the collections are kinda WTF? and some of the clothes are really a rush job with flimsy material. I saw a few things that looked cute, but I touched the material and had to pass. Not that 21 is sewn like it's couture, but it's generally better. I manage to find a cute dress here for $19, but to even know that it fits well was the challenge. I just don't like this whole idea....Even if you're not trying to look at your neighbor or people behind you, it's a room of mirrors and you're bound to see and be seen. There are 2 semi private rooms off to one side- no doors to these dressing rooms so it's still weird. I'm no means a modest conservative but this is just plain awkward to me. You'll be wiggling and jiggling in and out of clothes and be seen in what possibly can be very nice, but most often than not look terrible on. How hard can it be to put up a rod and some curtain partitions in a big room or put doors on the two dressing rooms so it gives people an option?
4	This is a place i would stop by at if i needed a quick outfit instead of driving out to the mall. Qmode has the best deals in outfitts ... to dresses, everday outerwear to shoes as well. Hence, their place is color coordianted ... how awesome is that?! I just hate their fitting room area. Having to get undressed in front of females i dont know is simply awkward ... Thats something they need to fix ... its not hard to install individual rooms in the area ... its pretty roomy in there ... gets smelly nasty in thier too ... gross!
4	Ah, Q Mode. This place screams underworked children in third world countries. I never was one for politics though.I absolutely love this place. I have been going here for YEARS. Since I was a confused fifteen year old slut. No, I'm joking. (About the fifteen year old part.) Anyway, if I'm not shopping at Wet Seal or Forever 21, I'm here. This place reminds me of both of those stores, actually. Just cheaper and color-coordinated. I always make sure I have enough time to sort through the whole store whenever I make my way down here. They have a ton of clothes, but not all of them are pretty. They have a lot of gaudy, cheap looking clothes, just like Forever 21. You really have to look to find the gems that you will love and keep forever.Whenever I need jeans, I also come to Q Mode because they have the cutest, cheapest jeans in town. In fact, the pair I wore this afternoon to school are from Q Mode. I've had them for over two years. They were $15. So what does that tell you about the awesomeness of Q Mode?For the summer, I always come here to find cute sundresses, summer tops and shorts. They even have active wear perfect for flaunting your booty off at the gym! You can get all your shopping done in one place and for outrageously cheap prices. SWEET!I'm not one for clubbing, therefore I have no need for clubbing outfits, which this place is in abundance of. But everytime I come here, I always find something I like. Or many things. They've got sweet accessories and hot shoes, too. Once in a while, they will have bomb clearance items and sales going on. At the end of this past autumn, they were selling all of their summer shoes at 75% off! I bought a pair of heels for $2! They're sky blue, though.. maybe that's why they were so cheap.My only gripes are the dressing rooms and the workers. The dressing rooms remind me of gym locker rooms with too many middle-aged women trying to squeeze into a mini-skirt. You CAN see everything, so if you're self-conscious, just pray it will fit when you get home. The workers also irk me. I've never walked in once and seen any of them smile. They all hate their life for some reason. But it doesn't stop me from coming back. You can treat me like crap. All I want is your cheap, cute clothes, Q Mode.
4	They have really cheap clothes, but quality would be pretty bottom-level. Though, one of my favorite pair of shorts is from here. And it's pretty good. I've actually washed a hand-wash only shirt and that basically went bye-bye. Watch out for the labels to make sure it's not hand-wash only and if it, don't machine wash it!It might be on the same price level as Wet Seal, but I do adore their style of clothes. Love them. They have their store divided into sections depending on the color so it's pretty neat.Don't expect any extraordinary service or even a smiley "hi, how are you?" kind of thing. If you need some quick party clothes, this would be great to go to.PS. They changed their name to Rhapsodielle.
3	They have a ton of really cute outfits for the club as well as  casual clothing, but unfortunately the quality is not the greatest. I've bought items in the past and when I got home I would find holes and the zipper was broken. They're return policy is really frustrating they give you a week and it can never be worn all tags must be attached and no return in club wear? Makes no sense, When most of the items sold are club attire. The staff does not have good customer service. I waited 17 minutes for them to acknowledge me when I wanted to try on a pair of shoes, when they realized they forgot about me they didn't even apologize.
3	I love their clothes they have almost anything you could think of here from club dresses, to sweats, to shoes and jewelry. Every things pretty cheap in cost not exactly the best quality but you get what you pay for. I usually come here for club clothes and can get a dress for like $20 bucks which is pretty cool. The service is not the greatest and the thing i hate about the store is the dressing room!!! OMG wtf? the dressing room is one big room so you have to get undressed in front of other females which I'm not trying to do, so i don't try the clothes on so I'm taking chances on if they fit or not and if they don't depending on the item they will not do returns. Overall good place if you want a cheap club dress!
4	I am a regular at this place! Like others have said, it reminds me of forever 21, but more mature. Cheap, but not all cheap material. Just don't treat your clothes cheap when you wear & wash them. There are materials that look fragile, but that's because lace, thin midriffs, & etc are in style. Cute clothes or anyone & differed occasions. From yoga, clubbing, casual, & formal. I've shopped here for a long time & they have cute clothing & gazillions of shoes according to the season. Going here is so much better than driving down to the mall & spending more time & money. The only possible downfall is the dressing room & service. It is one giant open dressing room, only a problem for shy girls. Some employees show their impatience & that they don't want to be working. Also this place can get busy so it's hard sometimes when you want some individual help. Overall, you don't need to go to many other stores. I come back here for my shopping sprees.
2	I've known about this place since I was in 8th grade when I bought a terribly hoochie pleather outfit to be a Charlie's Angel (Lucy Liu). I managed to sneak out of the house to go trick-or-treating but only 3 or 4 doors opened for my friends and I. I'm sure they thought we were underaged prostitutes that were there to inconvenience them or something. Flash forward 10 years! I've been here on several occasions in the 6 months. I've made 3 purchases: 2 dresses & 1 tank top. Only 1 out of 3 have managed to hold up through 1 wash. The modal tank top became super disfigured despite being in a lingerie bag through the wash and the dress shrank 3 inches even though I hung it to dry. The moral of the story is that I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a one time use sort of ensemble. I came back last night because I saw some cute boots on my last trip. However, the shoes that came out of the box were scuffed, and both pairs seemed poorly made. When I walked, I could feel the nails underneath the thin cushion. I'd probably come back to browse twice a year and purchase some trendy items that I know won't be in style for too long. P.S. Please wear bras & panties because the dressing room is one gigantic room of mirrors and nobody wants to see your goodies.
4	I like this Franchise Rhapsodielle, I have no idea what the name stands for but whatever. They used to be called fashion Q, then Q mode, now Rhapsodielle. Service: 3/5 The female employee's aren't so nice here and I don't even think most of them can speak English that well but when I shop there I don't really ask for help. The male workers are actually pretty nice. I was rung up by a male cash Shoes: 5/5 The main reason I love this place is because they carry non brand named shoes that I actually fit! I'm a small girl thus cursed with small feet and its very difficult to find a cute pair that fits at a great price. If you have small feet this is a place you might want to check out.  Clothing: 4/5 The clothing here is cheap you get what you pay for. The quality in the clothing isn't so great. They carry a huge selection organized in sections by color. Price: 4/5 The clothing is priced really cheap and the quality of the clothing is decent. I suggest if your buying a small to go for a medium because once you wash it the colors will start fading and shrinking is a given.
1	I like this clothing store chain but this location is just straight ghetto! It's not only in a weird neighborhood but the dressing room is just 1 big dirty room with mirrors~ EWWWWWW! I was shocked when I pulled back the curtains and saw 3 women changing...! It wasn't even a door it was an unsupervised curtain! What if a guy accidentally walks in?!?!? Like are you really THAT  cheap and scared of people stealing... Invest in a better security system because this is just weird.....!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this store! All of my friends know Qmode because whenever they see something extraordinary, it's ALWAYS from Qmode. At the end of the day when I can't find what I'm looking for, Qmode always has something to offer. I've shopped here since 10 years ago when I was in High School, and even having lived in New York for the past 6 years, this is still my favorite store of all time and whenever I was in town, I always made big purchases. So glad I'm reunited with it again. Yes, some of their clothes can be a little ghetto/simple/hit or miss, but there's such a big range of style there's something for everyone.  Besides, the style for the price is absolutely UNBEATABLE. I've looked for similar options online or in other stores in town, but honestly, nothing even comes close. As for the service, I've nothing to complain about. I love roaming around unbothered by the staff. And they've never been rude, only helpful when I need it. I wish every store operated like this instead of the fake smiles and pressured service. In addition to writing this positive comment, I wanted to alarm you: THIS LOCATION IS PERMANENTLY CLOSED!!! I had to go to a different location to find out that their replacement location is at Durango and Warm Spring. Can't wait to check it out, and I hope nothing's changed!
