1	I walked into the store with a paper cup hoping to throw it away.  I did not see the trash can that was outside.  I greeted them with a hello and how are you doing, and asked if you have a trash can that i can throw this away in.  The lady rudely said no, there is one right outside the store.  I asked her if she was really going to make me walk outside the store.  And she said yeah, while I'm looking at the trash can in the register area.  She rudely says," we don't want trash that does not belong to us in the store."  What is that suppose to mean?  I was livid about her attitude and her comment.  I told her that i would be telling ppl about this experience.  She then continues to tell me to have a great day.  I work in customer service and what she gave me was horrible!!!  I was half way in to the store and she was going to make me walk right outside, I should have thrown the trash at the register and walk out.  I am never to return to this store ever again.  I don't even know what they have, but really disappointed at the lady that "greeted" me when I first walked in.
3	I went here today because I was at the Michael's next door.I don't know if it's wrong for me assume that everything in here is suppose to be $1.00, but I did. I walked around did notice some items that weren't $1.00, some were $1.39 and $2.99. They were clearly marked though, so there was no confusion.The one kind of product that I saw at this store that I've never seen at any dollar store (or drugstore for that matter) is the wide variety of LA Colors loose eyeshadows, foundation, and nail polish. They also sell Nabi cosmetics, but I'm not too familiar with that brand.They didn't have that many items. I've seen smaller Dollar Trees with more items.  Nonetheless, the people were nice and I was in and out quickly.
3	my mom drags me in here all the time. they hardly have a selection of anything (plus it's all crap anyways). the only time anyone actually helped us or was nice was when we ordered balloons for my graduation....and then they messed up the order.
3	You cannot expect much from dollar stores.As we walked in the cashier was hanging on the door, smoking, bored out of his skull.  We scoured the place for cheesy buys and found them.  They carry everything from baby clothes to craft needs, but they aren't the best quality. After all, what do you expect for a dollar?It's fun to stop by and get a laugh as something to do when you're bored, but not the main shopping center for ANYTHING, definitely.
