3	What a dump. I thought my friends were taking me a decent Mexican place to get a late dinner. Uh uh. Los Tacos was run down, grimy and full of graffiti on the bathroom walls. The food was ok. They have a pretty limited menu. Just the basics of Mexican food. I had a carne asada burrito, some rice (which was hard), some beans and a soft drink. I spent over $9 on all of that! Not worth it, but I was hungry. One big plus was the nice people. They were helpful and got us what we needed when asked. They didn't seem to mind that we were the only ones there and went ahead and blasted their ranchero music from the juke box. It was funny actually.
5	Ok people -- went to Los Tacos today for the first time and was totally blown away.  Having spent ten years on LA Mexican, I learned a long time ago that the best Mex comes out of very humble surroundings.  Los Tacos is no shrine, but it's a serious step up from a taco truck -- but with truly incredible food.First -- while standing in line, I was mesmerized by the darling gal making these incredible layered seafood cocktails -- you know, the ones loaded with shrimp, octopus, super fresh avocado, freshly squeezed lime juice, onion, cilantro, tomatoes, then doused with liquid tomato heaven... she giggled at me (I must really work on this drooling problem...) and handed me a 1 ounce cup to sample.  Delicious.  We were definitely ordering one.  My friend, who's a regular, said the rice and beans were not to be missed (rice & beans?  was she kidding?)  and that her favorite taco was their carnitas.But they have pastor -- and chips and salsa... and then I saw the guy making their tacos and saw the guacamole... OMG... I haven't seen guac that delicious looking in ages...So, it's just the two of us -- we order 1 taco each -- her carnitas, my pastor, the chips and salsa, the rice and beans, the chico sized shrimp cocktail (the small is a large beer mug full!) .  She orders iced tea (which she notes is freshly brewed not that crap from the coke machine) and wait -- oh my god, they have watermelon agua fresca -- and melon and pineapple ... and...it's not even watermelon season -- but it's 85 degrees outside -- and I'm so having one.Our check is $22 and change -- we leave them the rest -- and things begin to come up immediately -- the drinks, the chips... There are these bottles of green salsa on all the tables -- it's seriously terrific -- well balanced, garlicy, green chili, tomatillo nectar -- perfect with their food.   Thank God there's no salsa bar -- I really hate those things -- I realize my friend has blessed me with sharing a seriously great joint... never heard of it before, never even had it come up on Yelp before -- and I'm here...Then the tacos come --  can I tell you that this was singularly the best taco I've ever eaten.  I got it "con todos" -- guac (you wouldn't have been able to resist it either had you seen it -- and I'm not that much of a guac lover either) with cheese -- monterey jack (melted, people!)  and sour cream (ok, screw the diet...).  It came with the requisite two corn tortillas -- but these weren't hard and corny and tough -- these were delicate and the edges even a little crispy (from melting the cheese on the flattop) -- definitely homemade -- and the combination was so delicious, I'm serious, I've never had a better taco.  Pastor people -- pastor...  but the chicken, asada, carnitas -- yes they have tongue, buche, all the funky stuff -- looked fantastic.  Honestly, I couldn't have eaten a second taco if my life had depended on it -- I'll definitely be back.Did I mention how completely fresh and perfectly delicious the  sandia agua fresca was?   Flawless.   Perfectly great -- okay, perhaps a bit of tequila and some lime would have made it better -- but hey...it was lunchtime and I had to go back to work.Now the neighborhoooood..... apparently this used to be one of the hottest neighborhoods in town -- tony, one of the first indoor malls in the country -- it was torn down a while ago -- and this joint is freestanding in the parking lot in front of a swap meet, opposite a Wendy's.   I almost feel sorry for the poor suckers eating there -- if they only knew (hell, they never will...)  I'd only go there at nighttime with friends, probably wouldn't go by myself.  It's a little tough, but not enough to deter you from going -- and at lunch, I felt totally safe.  Go people -- this is the kind of place born for Yelp -- it ROCKS.  Can't wait to go back.Food coma setting in now...must     stop    typing....quick update and tip (food coma is now over - it's 2 hours later):   We got there before noon and the line moved quickly, but by the time we left -- around 12:30, there was a line out the door...Update 4/3/08:  didn't notice the drive thru the first time...Tried a chicken taco this time -- we're talking slow cooked real chicken, hand pulled -- big hunks of juicy white and dark meat -- lightly seasoned.  Personally, the pastor still wins, but it's nice to see their care and quality -- and appreciate the fact that this food doesn't all taste the same!   Also had a quesadilla...they make them in both flour and corn tortillas -- wow.  really good.  Forgot to say that the seafood cocktail comes with a generous basket of chips, crackers and fresh lime to add to it...don't forget to add some green chili sauce, too!
3	Signature seafood cocktail, soft tacos with an almost complete selection of meats (pastor, barbacoa, asada, carnitas, beef, etc), rice and beans served in a casserole, burritos, tortas, and the requisite fried fish selection, this place has everything that a hole-in-the-wall Mexican joint should.  Always a good sign, I'm one of only two or three white people eating there every time I go.  Practice your Spanish before you enter.  Most employees don't speak the gringo.  Jukebox playing Mexican music. A drive-thru.  Holla! I love this place.  It only gets three stars, though, because we have to leave room up top for the truly fine Mexican restaurants.  Maya in NYC being one of them.
5	added the lengua taco to the tried list today -- wow -- so delicious...don't know what Gabriel is talking about fried fish -- their fish is only served as cocktails or on the half shell (oysters) -- no fish tacos -- nothing fried.  And the cashier always speaks english -- she has to since she runs the drive thru, too -- Yes, there aren't that many white folk -- but that's fine with me -- Took my 72 year old white mother for tongue and pastor tacos -- and to share a shrimp cocktail, with watermelon juice --   tears, people, tears, it was so good...   I keep looking for flaws, but there just aren't any.
4	My bro recently moved to LV and has been lookin for some taco spots. Well on one of our little adventures we stumbled upon this place, and let me tell ya it was a good find! The tacos are great with everything on them! I had 1 carne asada taco, and one chorizo taco... mmmmm 2 thumbs up : )
4	this is my favorite mexican fast food in las vegas...I recommend the steak quesadilla with everything.....at first your like "$8 dollars?"  but once you eat 1 quesadilla (all you need is one to fill up).... your body trembles and your tatse buds go crazy!  you just want to come back over and over....feel like mexican food ?  go to los tacos right in front of the swap meet!
5	I have been coming to this place for about 7 years, back when it had a different name. All I can say is WOW!! this place is absolutely incredible. I am a native to vegas and have tried just about every mexican restaurant in town and this place beats them all.  I am a meat lover at heart, but when I come here all I order are their veggie tacos and burritos. I have tried other things on the menu and have never been disappointed. Everything is just so fresh. This place is always busy with a line of people, but I never mind the wait, its part of the experience. Ok im done now, go to los tacos.
5	Conclusion:  Bypass everything else and go here. Don't waste your time, it's a no-brainer.  If it was a little closer to work I would come here every other day at least (I wouldn't say that about any other place)Rundown:-Neighborhood is sketchy (no offense)-DRIVE-THRU!!!-Phenomenal Food-A little pricey for random mexican place but worth every penny-Phenomenal Food-Not near the strip-Not for the tourista-Cost/Benefit skewed far towards benefitDetail/Context:  Moved to Vegas recently and showed up here with my buddy at the insistence of a local (we came by the day before but it was closed around 10PM)  We walked in and ordered instantly (lucky?)  2xCarne asada burritos and a carne quesadilla, OMG the flavor was perfect, the ingredients were fresh and the meat was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  We were sad we couldn't eat more.  I can't wait to go back
5	Always hits the spot. Usually get the asada taco with everything,
5	The most authentic mexican food around.  The carne asada is amazing and their guacamole is always fresh.  I do feel completely gross and unhealthy after leaving but that's why Los Tacos is an occasional treat. The staff is bilingual so you don't have to speak spanish to order with confidence like some places around town.. *cough* Robertos *cough*. Love this place!
2	Tacos are good but they out lots of guacamole. ths the only downside i found. the place is your average taqueria. Staff is friendly. Not my favorite taco place, though!n
5	Went to Los Tacos on Sunday March 22.  I made sure to Yelp a mexican food place before we drove to Vegas, and was not at all dissappointed with Los Tacos.  The food we received looks exactly like it does in the photos that some have posted - which is what I was looking forward to.  I ordered the loaded chicken taco, my husband ordered the not loaded carne asada tacos and a chicken quesadilla with a side of rice/beans for the kids.  We were so hungry when we got there, but so not hungry and happy when we left.  Everything was very fresh and staff was friendly and yes, they are bi-lingual which we appreciated.  Yum.  :)
4	The wait is LOOONG, but the food pays for itself. I ordered "2 carnitas tacos" and one "carne asada torta" on a Sun. afternoon, and I waited 30 minutes. I should have brought a book, to go along the wait, but just forgot this time! Anyway, the food is always delicious and that is how I am able to keep my mouth shut by not complaining over the long wait. If you don't mind waiting for good food, go to this place. It will be worth it!
5	This is THE place for carne asada burritos and get it loaded.  You'll discover the reason for the long lunch lines after biting into one.  Everything is fresh and juicy, seriously, keep the burrito wrapped up until the last bite or you'll be wearing it.  I haven't tried anything else for fear of it not being as good as the burrito.  I like that they offer a junior burrito size which is typically filling for lunch.Personally, I've never been for dinner but have heard various complaints from others about the food during this time.  So, go at lunch time, the food is the freshest and unless you like waiting for your food and a place to sit, get there before noon.
4	Los Tacos is a popular Mexican fast food restaurant with East side and West side locations. I have been eating here ever since I found out about it early last year because it is good, cheap, and refreshing in that there are actually some healthy options. They even have freshly shucked oysters, which simultaneously grossed me out and intrigued me on my first visit. Judging by how crowded the place was, I could tell they had the turnover necessary to serve fresh seafood, but I chose shrimp instead (on a later visit I had the oysters, which were certainly fresh but of too large a variety for me to enjoy without copious amounts of hot sauce).Although I always eat some of what my husband gets each time we go, I stick with what I had that first time, the tostada di camaron (shrimp tostada, $4.24), because it is as delicious as it is light. It consists of a freshly fried corn tortilla (that's the tostada) topped with fresh shrimp ceviche and their finely chopped house pico (I add sliced avocado for an additional $0.85 because it is always perfectly ripe and adds a creamy component). It is served with a juicy lime that I squeeze until only the pulp remains, and I like to top it all off with a few dashes of hot sauce to give it a kick. It is satisfying and unchanging, like everything else on the menu, but unique because it's hard to believe you're in a fast food place. The burritos are probably the best thing you can get if you want something more filling, which you can have stuffed with either pork (al pastor), steak (asada), shredded chicken (pollo), or beef head (cabeza). The cabeza is actually really flavorful but it is also rich and somewhat of an acquired taste. We tried it once and enjoyed it but have not ordered it since. This time my husband opted for two chicken soft tacos ($3/each), which were also great but messy. Their chicken is incredibly tender and they go through the extra step of grilling the inner corn tortilla of each taco before stuffing it which gives it a nice toasty flavor and melts the cheese (traditional tacos come with two corn tortillas because the idea is that you pick up the inner tortilla and eat it first, allowing the filling that escapes from it to fall onto the second tortilla so you can have another taco). You can opt to add extras such as sour cream (crema), salsa, cheese, but each one will cost you $0.45. You can also add avocado ($0.85) or rice and beans ($2). They ask you if you want everything when you order ($1.50), but if you agree know that this just includes cheese, avocado, and sour cream. These little extras can add up and make your meal not quite so frugal, and it's a little frustrating they charge $0.75 for a cup of water, but you'll still be able to enjoy a great meal for a good price.PS. If you're not too hungry they offer jr. burritos as well.
4	Los Tacos is authentic mexican food!!!  loved love love it:)Fab late night snack!
5	walking in to this place you smell all the carne asada cooking on the grill nothing like fresh cooked meat not like other places where they reheat itI was worried i wasnt going to find a burrito/taco place coming from san francisco i had 100's to chose from and i got nervous when everyone said robertos was the place to go.  Anyways LOS TACOS ROCKS the tacos are loaded meat beans cheese and avocado and the burritos are awesome always hit the spot place is packed during lunch i usually hit up the drive though feel like its a little faster they have a lot of stuff on the menu definitely worth checking out
4	Why can't this chain take over Roberto's??? A big thumbs up. I got the junior burrito with beans, rice, carne asada, and pico de gallo. Ahhhh all the great memories of going to the taco trucks in California flooded back. $3 bucks. That's a great deal. The place may be fast food, but it's authentic. I wish they had more locations.
2	So I walk in and order 3 carne asada tacos, 2 carne asada burritos with everything and 3 drinks. Total price 33.51. I asked the cashier to repeat the total, because I taught it was wrong, so she did and it was correct 33.51 was the total.  So I looked at the reciept and found out why it was so expensive. Tacos are 3.00 each, burritos are 4.50 each. What they don't tell you is that if you want your tacos and burritos with everything it's going to cost you an extra 1.50 for each taco and burrito, so instead of paying 3.00 for a taco your actually paying 4.50 for one taco and 6.00 for a burrito. Burrito not worth the price. The taco was very good, but not for 4.50. As for being the best as I read some of the reviews, not really.  I live in Los Angeles and I've had way better tacos and burritos for much less.  I would never go back to this place.  Way over priced.
5	Food cooked fresh and atmosphere is pleasant. Food is very tasty, you do have to wait, but I don't mind a short wait for excellent food
4	This is hands down the best taco place I've been to in Las Vegas.  Got recommended to come here for lunch with some coworkers and little did I know, I fell in love with the.......COW HEAD TACOOOOO (CABEEEZAAA).  I originally tried the carne asada taco with everything on it at first, actually thought it was amazing.  Then the cowhead taco came along and I've never had carne asada ever since.  The meat is just so soft and tasty.  It has a really strong beef flavor to it which i love but many people think otherwise. So I recommend getting 1 carne asada taco, and if you're feeling adventurous try the cabeza.  But do not get anymore than 2 tacos or you'll be stuffed in pain.The Jr. burrito isnt bad but sometimes the tortilla isn't soft and hardens.  The quesadilla is quite large so be aware.
4	Great fresh mex food. Love the tacos
5	I came here for lunch once and was not disappointed. It is cheap Mexican food and downright yummy! They also give generous portions so you can take it home and re-live the yummy-ness :)
4	Saw this gem listed in the desert companion magazine on cheap eats in vegas, this issue has been priceless in finding great spots and reassuring myself I know good food by seeing some of my favorites already listed. 1 Taco for 3.00?! really?         I can get 39 cent tacos at del taco! These are some serious tacos with some great ingredients and they are big. I've ordered the carne asada and the chicken tacos on two separate occasions. Both are great but the carne asada is my winner.Here's a tip, they ask you i f you want cheese, guacamole and sour cream, each one of those is an 'add-on' and they come with a price. Your 3.00 taco can turn into $4-5 for it, without it they still hold themselves perfectly fine. The first time I had it without, the second I had it with! This place offers a drive thru, the staff is friendly and the service is not too slow.
4	Los Tacos is HELLA BOMB! Yes, the tacos are a bit expensive, but you're gettin' your money's worth. Melted cheese in-between two corn tortillas, topped with savory pinto beans, rice like grandma used to make, your choice of meat (my favorite is cabeza) , sour cream, guacamole, and a simple but tradtional pico de gallo. Los Tacos does not mess around! Sure, they aren't your traditional tacos, but they sure are tasty.
5	Los Tacos Los Tacos Los Tacos all i can say is the shrimp cocktail and chicken tacos are the best ever the shrimp are huge and you get alot and the tacos are a quesadilla made into a taco with some real queso mexicano! oh and the flavored waters are also the best i always go for the strawberry and watermelon! go there and enjoy now!
5	I have been patronizing this place since it opened, their tacos, burritos and fresh aquas are simply the best, once you have tried this place you will never fo anywhere else. A little on the pricey side, but hey....worth every nickel.
5	Excellent....even for fast food better than most restaurants....
4	Got the carne asada Jr. Burrito, it was dank! Although, it does suck to pay extra for things that are supposed to be included already. But besides that, Los Tacos was a party in my mouth.
4	Competition surrounds this place but because of the high reviews and raving remarks of the fellow yelpers, I went here..For a place like this, considering the location, $3.00 a taco seemed a bit steep. Then I saw some tacos being served in front of me.. Oh, they are not those skimpy little tacos, actually pretty big (piled with meat). I ordered 2 Carne Asada Tacos with 'everything' (includes their pico de gallo, beans, cheese, sour cream and guacamole). I thought, beans that wasn't typical in a taco i'm used to.. Well, bring it on!! Then I experimented with 1 Cabeza Taco because I was convinced by a couple feedback I read and then the cashier sealed the deal. She recommended to have it with just cliantro and onion, so I tried it. Damn, it tasted like the meat was marinated for a year. It looked like beef brisket/finely shredded. It honestly was a Life Changing Experience! Enough Said!..2 Tacos were enough for me but I left the Cabeza for last and had to taste it, just one bite. My plans of saving the rest for later went out the window after that first bite! Yes, I finished it but was stuffed to the rim.
5	Everything at Los Tacos is good.  The carne asada  burrito is one of the best burritos I've ever had.  Everything is really fresh tasting and soo satisfying.  I love Los Tacos!   It's one of the best Mexican places in town.
5	I really have no idea why I was so calm about my last visit.  I should have added like, 12 exclamation points for how good the food was.  I had forgotten to add that we ordered the large shrimp cocktail; it was to-die-for.  The cost: $13.25 and the shrimp were large and plentiful, we did not mind the cost.  We're going back to Vegas in 2 weeks and definitely plan to return.
4	I went to Los Tacos for lunch about a month ago. I had a carne asada and an al pastor taco along with chips and salsa. I got everything on the tacos so they were kind of expensive for tacos ($4.50 each) but they were worth it...some of the best tacos in town.
4	It's clear that the majority of Las Vegans have still not discovered the joy of Mexican food from Los Tacos.  If they had, if they had tasted the joy of a Los Tacos carne asada burrito, they would have chased Taco Bell and Roberto's out of town--out into the desert wastelands where people might not mind the dregs of Mexican food.Los Tacos is playing at a whole other level than Roberto's, Taco Bell and the other Mexican food chains around Vegas.  Quite simply, there isn't a better cheap burrito in town.  It's probably because Los Tacos operates under the "radical" notion that fresh ingredients make better food.  Fresh salsa, fresh guacamole, fresh cilantro.  And the steak for the carne asada dishes?  It's tender, seasoned, wonderful.  Simple, quick and delicious.
5	Best taqueria in Las Vegas, hands down!!!! they cook the food right out in the open, use quality meat, and everything tastes great. Anyone who eats at Roberto's is crazy. This place is a gem! If anyone wants to question authenticity just pass by at lunch time and you will find professional Latinos chowing down. They offer lengua and cabeza as well.
4	Great food. I love their carne asada tacos! The price can be a little better but they do give you plenty of food.
5	Have you ever had a particular food that you crave over and over again, no matter where you live or visit?  Mine is a particular quesadilla that I used to get at Gordo's in SF.  When I moved to Las Vegas in 2004, I have been on that search for a quesadilla just like Gordo's and I've finally found it at Los Tacos!!!This is not just a regular quesadilla that you can get anywhere, this particular quesadilla is made with a flour tortilla on the grill, when its all golden on the outside and gooey cheesy on the inside and they put carnitas, guacamole, sour cream, salsa, rice and hot sauce inside...it is yummy in my tummy goodness!!Oh, why oh why, have I not ever found Los Tacos before???  I had to make so many trips back to SF to get my oh so favorite Gordo's quesadilla cause I thought no one else could make it like them!  And I've tried! I've made the request to so many places out in Vegas, only to be let down every time....Thank you Los Tacos for bringing my hometown so much closer to me, cause now every bite of your carnitas quesadilla, I can close my eyes and be in heaven!!Oh- and their ceviche is pretty darn good too, but, I can't even think about that now that I know where I can go when I crave MY quesadilla!!!
4	I love this place. Food is fresh and fast. Its just a little expensive for a taco. I spend almost $5 for a single taco. It's delicious but it's burning a hole in my wallet everytime I go.
4	Excellent food! I knocked one star off for the surprise price and the lack of cashiers, but even that can't deter from the fact that the food here is quality and everything is made fresh. I had the carne asada tacos and it took every bit of restraint in me not to demolish these in front of onlookers as I wished. The meat was perfectly seasoned and SO tender! Each bite was as good as the next and the toppings were perfectly spread out on the taco so you weren't left with nothing but tortilla at the end, an unbalance that's so typically common with tacos. I'm no expert, it's just a pet peeve of mine. The tacos are only $3 BUT that does not include all of the toppings which are I think $1.50 (give or take) extra. They're not something you want to skip though because theyre fantastic! I have a mild allergy to avocado, but the guacamole was worth the inevitable tummy ache and again, everything is fresh! You can watch them build your meal from start to finish which is a comfort to anyone who was hesitant to stop by this place judging on location and looks alone. I also got the pineapple agua fresca which was tasty as well-not to sweet and would be a perfect refresher during the summer months. Again, only thing going against this place is the hidden fees for extras (which aren't really hidden, just not advertised correctly) and the lack of cashiers. I went around 2:30 in the afternoon expecting the lunch time rush to have come and gone but the place's popularity spoke for itself when I rolled up and saw a line at the drive-thru 12 deep. I can't imagine what it's like during the lunch or dinnertime rush, but would recommend they get another cashier, one for drive through and the other for inside, to speed up the process of getting tacos in my tummy!I would have never visited this place if I had not stumbled upon a friend's quick tip and the stellar reviews on here. Overall a great experience and I'll be back!
2	Eh.  Mediocre tacos, mediocre service.  The food here is just really bland.After driving all the way from LA through rain and snow for an all-out taco extravaganza with the Vegas locals, this was a major bummer.Asada: Whatever.  I've had much better at the taco trucks in LA.Chicken tacos: Not so good. The chicken really lacked any flavor.Prices: Suprise! They appear low, but they don't tell you it's like $1.50 extra to put toppings on each taco.  They let you figure it out for yourself when you look at your receipt.  Not cool.Service: Slow.  It wasn't crowded at all (bc all the people who know better are across the parking lot at Tacos El Gordo) but it still took a looooonnnnng time to get our 3 tacos.The tacos here are big, so just 1 or 2 will fill you up.  But there are much yummier places to eat without spending much cash (like right across the parking lot, for starters).
4	If you're a fan of avocado...you better make a point of going here for lunch!  That by far was my favorite part!  I had the quesadilla and my mom had tacos.  Both were loaded with meat, cheese and avocado!  All the good stuff. Cheap prices...$3.00 for a taco.  Little bit more than Del Taco or Taco Bell.  This is "fast food" but it tastes more home made.Not a fan of the music...Mexican mariachi.  We just ended up sitting outside so it wasn't a big deal.Pretty tasty...I'm sure we'll be back.
3	The food is ok. I really liked my carne asada taco, but not the adobada one. The adobada had a lot of chopped pineapple and tasted more like a pineapple taco. To add to that, the white corn tortillas were not good at all. In my opinion, you can't have a good taco without a decent tortilla!I didn't mind paying 4 dollars for a taco since they were served well. The one thing that did upset me was the they charged $.30 per taco to hold the beans (we paid for a large party so the $.30 per taco really added up!). I am used to being charged for adding toppings, but to charge me for taking stuff off, now that's just crazy! Thanks to your miser ways, we won't be going back anytime soon.I prefer Tacos El Gordo anyway, which is right next door. Where you can customize your tacos and don't get nickled and dimed for getting what you like.
5	Don't eat mexican food anywhere else. This is all you need to know.
5	Los Tacos does carne asada right.  Their burritos and tacos are out of this world delicious. In fact, I haven't met their equal anywhere I've been.Their fresh fruit drinks are also super yummy and refreshing.
5	If you don't like these tacos, you're smoking crack. My family from San Diego who are taco snobs had their jaws dropped by the freshness of this food. The only downside to this place is it's location. Kinda shady area but not too bad.
1	I went to Los Tacos Saturday 4/23/11. I didn't eat the food because I was SO upset by the bill I had to get a refund and leave. They do nickel and dime on everything. 75cents for a glass of tap water! Sour cream, cheese, avocado. The up charges where $8 on a $20 bill. Long story short I did get my money back and went to macayos across the street. Macayos was a little more $2.00 but I got fajita instead of a burrito.
5	As AUTHENTIC as you can imagine!  Carne Asada is a MUST, either the taco or burrito.Burrito's are stuffed with choice of meat, beans, pico de gallo salsa, guacamole and/or sour cream (pay extra.)  I would hold off next time on the guac/sour cream, but I just wanted to enjoy the burrito simple style.  What did I know, it was my first time. But will return.In addition, I had the carnitas tacos, served up right with cliantro & limes and extra salsa, which was on the tables.  I'll be back as it was PACKED & need that taste of 'little Mexico' every now & again.
3	All three of my stars go to the excellent, fresh, delicious taste of the carne asada, salsas, and guacamole. I can honestly say this place does have some great authentic tasting flavors. On the other hand....Instead of going inside I decided to slip through the drive-thru since there were no cars in sight. I'm guessing the place must have been bumping inside, because I did wait a LONG time to get my food at the drive-thru. Instead of getting tacos, I decided to go for the carne asada torta with a side of chips and salsa (holy crap, they give you a huge bag of chips btw). The lady over the intercom for the drive-thru was hard to hear, and I know she was asking me if I wanted all the extras on my torta, well hell, I said yes - but be warned you will get an extra charge! However, it is worth it.Unfortunately my torta was mooshy-mooshed by the time I got home! :( Not all of it mind you, but a good portion of the bread had just soaked up the guac and juicy meat leaving a messy bread pile wrapped inside of foil. I did salvage a majority of it though. The salvaged part was delish! So word of warning: do not get the torta to go, especially if you got all the extras put on it. And note: I only live about 5 minutes away from this place, so it's not like I had to drive 15 mins home with it sitting in my car.Lastly, I must say even though they gave me a ton of chips, they were cold! Even Taco Bell serves me warm chips through the drive-thru window! *sigh* So, when I got home I warmed up the chips and they were very, very good and SALTY! Mmmm. Plus they gave me a TON of pico de gallo for dipping, but I don't like cilantro. I opted to dip my chips in the SPICY red sauce they gave me with my torta.This place is authentic and it is incredibly popular. Unfortunately my experience was not-so-good. I do want to go back and try the tacos though! And next time perhaps I will dine-in instead of hitting up the drive-thru.
5	I love these tacos! The carne asada is the best one I've ever had. It has a nice grilled flavor. All the tacos here are great so it depends what kind of mood I'm in. They use flour tortillas and are bigger than your typical street taco corn tortillas, so they're slightly more expensive. Two tacos here = about 3 or 4 tacos at El Gordo, so they're about the same price.  The red salsa is also a must, It's different than most places, it's seedless and has a nice hint of garlic. Everything I've tried here has been great, and the Ceviche is very refreshing on a hot day.Another plus for Los Tacos is that ordering here is much easier than Tacos El Gordo for non Spanish speaking gringos.My favorite bites from Los Tacos so far have been the carne asada tacos with everything on it.
5	This is the original location. All the food here is super yummy, even the seafood! The servings are big but it can get a little pricey if you want extra stuff like avocado and whipped cream. Los Tacos is one of the VERY few Mexican eateries that actually serve quality meals.
3	Los Tacos has a fast-food feel. They offer carne asada, carnitas, al pastor, pollo, head and tongue. Tacos are $3 each, they are a bit bigger than those at Tacos El Gordo and other taco shops. Just watch it when you say yes to everything (pico, bean, cheese, sour cream and guacamole). It's an extra $1.50. Each of our tacos were $4.50.Carnitas were a strong favorite. Al Pastor was a weak rendition, very disappointing. Carne Asada was pretty good with everything, however, not worth $4.50.
5	Man, I love tacos. I do. They're so good, basic, and most of the time they're a great bargain. I love tacos more when I have to drive and hunt and search for the best tacos in town. It makes the tacos that much better. Los Tacos is consistently one of my favorite places in Las Vegas for Mexican food. It's good, their menu is pretty varied, and the guys there really know their stuff. As stated in Bella C's post, this place is in the same lot as Tacos El Gordo, so you've got options here. Los Tacos is a more premium-ish place than Tacos El Gordo, and their meat shows it. The meat is more tender, delicious, and is fully complemented by their delicious toppings. (El Gordo is a lot more no-frills!)I personally come here and always order the carne asada burrito with a drink. The prices are a little higher than Tacos El Gordo, but they're still pretty good. When they ask you what you want on your burrito, and you say "everything," that adds like $2 to that item. They charge you for the guac and stuff, which seems dumb to me. It's not my favorite pricing scheme.
4	I have not been disappointed nor do I think I ever will, with LOS TACOS on E. Charleston. Whenever I need that great tasting taco, Los tacos always delivers (figuratively speaking). Since they opened around the mid 90's (then known as La Taqueria) I have always loved their tacos. I think their Forte are the Beef Tongue tacos with the works (cheese, avocado, onion, sour cream, cilantro) and if you can't get past the thought of it being tongue, your missing out! There is a wonderful "house" green salsa in a bottle at every table, full of flavor and not too spicy it ads the perfect touch to the meal. They also have great fresh fruit drinks like cantaloupe and watermelon mmm, mmm, mmm. Lunch is always busy, since it's close to the downtown area, you'll see an array of people from the doctor to the attorney to the common folk like me, enjoying - no, savoring the mouth watering food. They have seafood, torta's, burritos, and other great Mexican Food. For lunch, the atmosphere is eat n go, but if you have the time you can enjoy the beautiful artwork throughout the restaurant. There's a Murial of well known actors from the 30's to the 80's on one wall and beautiful paintings hanging on all the walls. With a relaxed atmosphere and a jukebox in the restaurant so that you can choose some of your own music to play, and make it a more personal experience, I really love it. I've gone through their drive-thru a few times and it does take a bit longer than your average fast food drive-thru, but we're not talking about your average drive-thru meal. Authentic Mexican tacos, burritos and torta's take a bit longer to make than your average fast food place. Whether your in a hurry or have a bit of time this small n quaint restaurant has great food. With the tacos being a bit larger than average, and a bit more expensive too but worth every penny, I highly recommend this place for anyone looking for great Mexican food. Enjoy! =}
2	I try to love Los Tacos, I really do.  It's always packed, which is generally a good sign. But....why is it always packed?  To me, it's kind of "meh."The Good: They're great because they have so many options.  Seafood, chicken, burritos, chips and salsa -- awesome if you're not in the mood for a street-taco-centric meal (aka Tacos El Gordo).  The "Meh:" . . . the meat they're cookin' up, at least in my experience, is dry, dry, dry.  I recently ordered the beef combo plate (which comes with 4 corn tortillas, a hefty serving of carne asada, rice, refried beans, lettuce, tomato, avocado, and limes) and was really disappointed. The rice, the beans, the meat, all "blah." The burritos and tacos, however, tend to be better because they're smothered in guacamole and sour cream.I've never ordered the seafood primarily because the restaurant is a tad dirty and hot.  If you're daring enough, let me know if I'm missing out (or if you got food poisoning)!
4	Love the carne asada tacos! They're the best in town, in my opinion.
3	Let me preface this by saying the tacos here are good. They really are. I  don't think they are the best tacos ever, but are solid.  It seems to be be a bit pricey, e.g., $3 for one taco.The portions are big and at least for the tacos, wrapped in two tortillas.  They also give you a lot of meat, so I usually order one taco and make two with the extra tortilla and meat.  My experience has been that the carne asada is the best, the chicken can be a little dry sometimes.   The aguas frescas are a must.  My favorite is mango.  It takes just like ... mango!  In all seriousness, I think Los Tacos has the best agua frescas in town.  They actually taste like the fruit, instead of water with a hint of fruit flavor.
1	Even though Los Tacos is one of my favorite taco stands in Las Vegas. I went there today at 8:10pm, waited at the drive thru menu for 10min. Thought maybe it was broke. Drove up to the window, 6 employees were standing behind the counter. I honked the horn several times and tried to waive them down. They ignored me like I didn't exist. This wasn't the first time I arrived before 9pm which is the time that's posted that they close and they closed early. They could of at least had the decency to tell me they were closed, don't ignore me when you know I'm there. Now I see why Tacos El Gordos next store remains busy. It's not just the quality of food, it's also the appreciation and respect of your loyal customers!
5	I LOVE Mexican food. These tacos are A-May-Zing! One taco does me just fine as the helpings are large. The carne-asada are to die for. The meat is juicy and tender and the whopping helpings of sour cream and guacamole make this taco one of the best I've ever had. Not too greasy and quick to our table. Yum!
3	08/24/2011- 9:00 pm1 Veggie taco (not very filling) -3.5/5 ( very fresh beans, that was good)1 Chicken quesadilla( very filling)-3/5 because it was too oily2 Mango juice-3/51 Chips and Salsa-4/5Ambience- very casual, as you would expect from a fast food joint.Wait time- very lessTotal with tax- $14.32 for two people.
5	A Los Tacos carne asada burrito (no crema, no queso, with aguacate) is my silver bullet against any hangover. When ordering, be sure to request a side of cebollitas; it's a charred mix of green onions, fiery serranos and mild but flavorful white-ish pepper things -- No idea what they are. Just eat em! I judge all the fools at the Del Taco a couple buildings down so hard.
4	This is still the best place for quick mexican food. Its a little pricey ( 8 bucks for 1 quesadilla) but its worth it. They recently opened tacos el gordo next door. But as far as quality, los tacos edges out its competitors. Carne asada and homemade guacamole sets it off!
1	Sorry Bert P. and Mr. Larios ... although I appreciate Mr. Larios intention of a nice lunch, this place is a run-down, expensive-for-what-it-is run-of-the-mill "Mexican place."  Looking around I don't think the clientele would really know what good Mexican is.  Perhaps it's authentic to some.All one needs to know about Mexican in the context of what this place is trying to be is found in the Los Feliz section of Los Angeles and its name is Yucas and they have a James Beard Award.The torta I had at "Los Runs the day after" was made from something other than beef I suspect.  An old whipped donkey perhaps?  I hasten to think what else it could have been.  No only that but the beef-like-substance was friggin' grey.  The guacamole seemed as though whomever made it "got bored" and just left it lumpy, sour and without much flavour.This place is probably best left to the locals who think this place is amazing.  If you want to try a true icon of the genre, come to Los Angeles and check out Yuca's.
1	Who puts beans in carne asada tacos? gross. Plus they charge per taco for all the extra like pico and sour cream. It came out to $26 for 3 tacos and a buritto and 2 drinks. Mexican ripoff for lousy lousy food. Will never be back and advise friends to stay away. If I am gonna pay that kind of money for crap mexican food I expect a sit down full service place not some dump that uses plastic utensils and employees that don't don't understand a word of English.
3	So I like to review places a couple times. Usually if I've had a good experience two or three times I simply allow my reviews to stand as is. Therefore I had to give Los Tacos another review based on my most recent experience.Once again I went through the drive-thru. I will offer this information: in the drive-thru they can't see you and by that I mean you will most likely be greeted in Spanish (even if you don't know a lick of it). But no worries, I placed my order in English and there was no problem. I decided I wanted to try the carne asada taco and carnitas taco. I have heard the carne asada is superb here.Here are the pluses: the tacos are BIG and very filling. However, I was disappointed in both of the meats. First off the carnitas were very, very fatty. I kept getting big globs of fat, not just little pieces here and there. The carne asada was better, but salty. Very salty. The salt was overpowering the natural flavor of the meat.I've kind of had mediocre experiences at Los Tacos while my experiences at Tacos El Gordo have rated higher. Since they're both in the same parking lot I think my business is going to go to El Gordo from here on out. Oh, but I will give them this awesome plus: their beans are perfectly cooked and tasty and not refried beans! A very refreshing difference from the refried variety.
4	I was told by a reputable source that Los Tacos were the best tacos in the US. I won't go that far, but they are damn tasty. Living in SoCal I'm used to an abundance of decent to good Mexican. These tacos were fresh, and more like a burrito stuffed into two soft taco shells than an actual taco. I had the carne asada and although I had two pieces of grizzly meat, I also had a pile of fresh guac, sour cream, and some cheese. I held off on the beans, but you can have them for the same $3 a taco price. My biggest problem with the tacos was the lack of flavor and spice. The salsa was bland and the meat lightly seasoned. Low on salt, which I heartily appreciated since too often bad meat is hidden by salt, but a little more cilantro and lime marinade or a peppier salsa would have made this an amazing taco instead of just a very good one.The location I went to is grungy but authentic. I really enjoyed listening to the latino rap while staring at the mariachi mural on the wall. The cashier looked like a dude who just wanted to be part of Entourage...not a guy working the cashier window at a taco stand in Las Vegas. Sometimes life IS better than fiction.
5	Excellent tacos and freshly prepared tostadas, not premixed. The salsa wasn't too spicy and the aguas frescas weren't cheap fountain drinks. A bit pricey for a taco joint, but worth it.
4	Consistant, fresh food. Limited menu and a bit pricey but always satisfying.
3	We wanted to go to our usual Taqueria restaurant, but they were no longer there.  I searched on Yelp and found a few options.  We were going to go to Tacos El Gordo, but the place was packed and my hubby wanted a burrito not just tacos.  We walked across the way to Los Tacos which had different options to choose from like burritos, tacos, quesadilla, chips & salsa.  I had two tacos - the carne asada and chicken, and their tacos are huge compared to the street tacos.  You can order the taco with everything - meat, beans, cheese, guacamole, sour cream, salsa, or add what you want, but they charge per topping.  The tacos were good and very filling.  My hubby had the carne asada burrito, and thought it was too small and salty.  My daughter had the chicken quesadilla.  For drinks we had the melon juice and mango juice - the melon juice was good, but the mango juice was too sweet.
4	After watching an episode of "Hairy Bikers" on H2 where they are introduced to Barbacoa (cow head) tacos, I had the opportunity to try them also today for lunch here! I was able to order a large burrito with a combination of tongue and head meat and was it delicious!!  While these were two separate meat items on the menu, I was able to combine them into the burrito when I asked the gentleman taking my order who I understood to be the owner of the place.  He seemed impressed than someone who was not Hispanic (I'm Asian) was ordering this type of meats.  He told me this combo was one of his favorites and I soon found out why!  It's my new favorite burrito or taco filling!!   The meat was juicy and tender, and not bit off tasting or gristly like when I ordered the Carne Asada tacos next door at Tacos El Gordo, whose tacos I also love.  If you do not think of the source of the meat, you would never know by the taste!  My two tablemates were a little grossed out, but they don't know what they were missing
4	Super good (and cheap) burritos. Quick fast service at lunch time (but depending on the day of the week there can be a long line). The food is really fresh and always consistant. One of my favorite lunch time spots.
5	These are best tacos in this area. Tacos el gordon are not that great.
5	Best Carne Asada burrito I have ever had. And I have traveled from Santa Maria to Zihuatanejo.  I think it would be my last meal, if I could so choose. Great management and staff also. Enjoy.
5	Hands down the best taco place here in Las Vegas. Just enough meat,cheese ,avocado, and I  get my food right on time.
1	So I went to Los Tacos for the 1st time yesterday, I was really, really hoping for something better, especially for the price.  I ordered 2 carne asada tacos with everything and at 4.50 a pop I would have rather gone to an acutal sit down restaurant.  Now the tacos are big but the carne asada did not taste well at all! I was so hoping for this to be amazing. But sadly I will have to pass on Los Tacos.
4	Looking for good authentic Mexican food when you're on the go?  This is the place!  Awesome carne asada and chips & salsa!  A simple, no-frills joint that's all about the food.
5	best pork taco ever!  the beans are fantastic too!
5	If I was stranded on a desert island and had one thing to take, it would be food from this establishment.  It's delicious, FRESH, made to order, delicious and, um, delicious.
5	Mark Stoermer, The Killers' bassist, said in an interview that this was one of his favorite Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas. He said, "It's so authentic, it's completely run by Spanish-speaking Mexicans. It reminds me of the taquerias in San Francisco and Los Angeles." If you need a cheap and delicious meal with a TK stamp of approval, go here! More info: http://thesponge-dani.blogspot.com/2011/10/victims-pilgrimage-killers-fans-guide.html
5	DAMN!  The tacos with everything here are by far the best tacos I have ever tried in my life.  They pack on the meat of your choice, cheese, beans, guacamole, sour cream, cilantro and onion......With just 2 tacos and I was completely full.  Not knowing how massive these tacos would be, I ordered two asada, one al pastor, and one carnitas.  I was only able to eat one asada and one al pastor.  I ended up having to ask the cook to wrap the other two tacos to go.  At dinner time I warmed up the other asada and carnitas taco and despite reheating, they were still pretty damn good.  This is a place you MUST try.
5	the tacos are off the hook yummmmmmmmy
5	We went to Los Tacos after reading the reviews on here. DAAAAAAANG  you all were right!!! The chicken burrito and tacos were so delicious. The meat and toppings were so fresh and tasty. I can't wait to go back and try some other things on the menu.
3	Burrito as big as your thigh! Could be thicker, but I'm spoiled because of SF's El Farolito... Definitely stop by Los Tacos if you want a good taco or burrito and are in the hood; Not really worth the trip if you're not. Veggie burrito didn't come with rice, but the beans were really good.
4	carne asada taco is the item to get here! make sure to order it "con todo" with everything. taco de pollo is a close second.
5	Los Tacos serve THE best carne asada tacos in town. Hands down. Top-quality beef that you could really eat on your own, but don't because the extras are what make a taco. They have a wird pricing system where depending on what you add or take off, they will charge you diferrent. Say you want it without beans, they will put more meat in there thus charge you more. Other than that there's not much ele to say other than these are the best carne asada tacos in town
4	Really tasty food with generous portion size.  The wait can be awhile, so just go early, bring a friend, and get some quality time in while you are waiting for your food.
5	I love their carne asada burrito con todos! The con todos makes it super creamy. The flavor is just amazing. I've been a big fan of their food since early 2000s. One of my coworkers introduced me to this place one day when I asked him where I can get a delicious burrito. The size of the burrito seems to have gotten smaller. I used to have trouble finishing it. But still, I think they are one of the best in town. I recommend using a generous amount of their green (verde) sauce.  I could probably use half a bottle on my burrito. So if they run out, you can blame me. I also like their shrimp & fish ceviche tostadas. There are other locations in town but I feel like this original location is the best.
4	Yelpers did a taco crawl and this is our stop number 2. Since the carne asada seems to be the most popular item, the BF and I decided that to try that out. You can get the basic with just some meat, onions, cilantro,pico or you can do "with everything" which is avocado and crema which is $1.50 more. There was some beans in there and I'm not sure if that is something that comes basic or part of the "with everything" since it's my first time. Overall this was tasty, loaded full and big of a taco so I didn't feel that it was a rip off at $4.50  for one. I love the double tortilla with crispy cheese between as it lends another texture to the whole bit. That's definitely something that sets this apart is there is a lot of flavors and texture play. The green salsa bottles on the table look a bit suspect, but its garlicky and zesty good so I'll risk food borne illness and squeeze some onto the melange.Apparently the seafood cocktail is great here, but it looks huge so we got a tosada de ceviche fish instead.  I was wondering why it was taking a bit, but it looked like from where I was sitting she was mixing it up fresh and cutting up the avocado? It was pretty good as far as ceviches go. Overall pretty good. I would go again and glad there are a few locations around town in case I want a unique taco.(Yelp 100 Challenge 43/100)
5	This was stop two on our East Charleston taco trek.  At Los Tacos, you order at one of the registers and your number is called when your order is ready.I ordered a carne asada with everything.  The thing that distinguishes this taco place from the others is that they use two thin tacos, but one of them has been grilled a bit longer so you get a crunch along with the soft taco.  It's quite a nice contrast.With the asada with everything, you get whole beans, guacamole, pico. chopped onions, and sour cream.  It is pretty much everything you'd want.I also ordered a cantaloupe agua fresca.  Wow, what a really refreshing drink and a good accompaniment for the food.There is a patio here and we could have gone outside, but we pushed some tables together and the 10 or 12 of us sat at a long table except for Roger T. who was at a separate table with his kids and some of his family.
4	Stop number two was my second favorite of the night. The lengua tacos came with large chunks of tongue. Ask for only onions, cilantro, and limes because anything else would be too much. The line moves fast and a massive crew is on the line to pump out the orders in a timely manner.Charleston is the place to be for good tacos. I was not disappointed in this pit stop either. In fact, the last stop was my least favorite and it gets the most love.
4	I love the food. This place is awesome. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that I don't like being nickled and dimed to death. C'mon, just give me the toppings without a surcharge!!
4	The other place was packed so we went here.This is your basic quick serve taqueria.  The service was pretty good.  Prices cheap.The tacos are a little different and I can say I liked the style.The tacos start with the tortilla on the grill with jack cheese.  Then the taco is made with the warm tortilla and the cheese.  I had the carnitas, lingua, and chorizo. the meat is topped with guacamole, salsa and sour cream.  The tacos are huge.  I usually eat 3 or 4 tacos at other places but 2 of these tacos was plenty.  5 tacos and 2 drinks (they charged me for water) came to $26.  That was a little steep for tacos.  I kinda feel like I was overcharged but I just paid.  Trying to discuss the prices of my order would have been to much trouble with the language barrier.Other than that - I like the cheese and sour cream on the tacos.
4	It's lent, so, no meat. went to los tacos for dinner. got 2 bean and cheese burritos, added lettuce and rice. it was super simple but so good. and that green sauce is the business. I went to bed feeling great. just what I needed after being hung over all day. coke products!!!!
5	Are you kidding me? If you want authentic Mexican food- GO HERE! They have the best tacos and burritos. This place is so packed all the time, expect to wait. It is a fast food restaurant with plenty of seating. This is a hidden gem for Las Vegas. Recently discovered it and crave it all the time.
5	This place has the best carne asada tacos and burritos in town. I order my carne asada without sour cream...and always with fresh cilantro, guacamole and queso blanco. There isn't a messy sauce bar, but delicious verde sauce in squeeze bottles. The food is relatively cheap and the meat is seasoned...unlike at Roberto's. This is amazing food for a cheap price. Check them out if you haven't yet already!
5	Good luck finding better carne asada in town.  This place is crack.  Be prepared to become addicted.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE their Jr. Carne Asada burritos.  Their quesadillas are amazing too....I don't know how they make them so tasty but they are the best ever.  The only lil complaint I have is that they charge to take the beans OUT of the burrito (.30) but whatever, it's worth it.  The amount of food for the price is great.
5	Amazing tacos!  They grill their meat on an open flame and it definitely makes a difference.  Their asada is my favorite!  They are a little pricy, but they are worth every penny.
4	Great food and love coming here, but everytime I come and  Adrianna takes our order she gets it wrong! Then to top it off argues with me that I said it wrong even though everybody else always gets it right!  Mental note of Adrianna is taking orders RUN or Give your order in Spanish !
1	Good burritos. But I've had better
5	yum, YUM, YUM!!!!!!!!! No other was to describe it!!! I swear I have dreams about their tacos at night lol! Most def worth the money!
5	This place is the bomb.  A locals favorite. Do not let the neighborhood scare you, the trashy bathrooms and the staff sometimes have difficulty with English.  WHO CARES!  The food makes up for it.  Some of the best Tacos on the planet!!!!
2	I was very impressed with the tacos. The best I have had in Las Vegas. However VERY Pricey. The first time I tried this place I went to the drive through. Prices showed on the banner for a taco was $2.50 so I thought ok not bad I have heard good things about the food here, so I ordered 2 Carne Asada tacos . The cashier asks, "would you like everything on it" I reply "Yes". So she tells me "that will be $9.90" I think to myself there has to be a mistake, maybe she heard me wrong, $10 bucks for 2 tacos that's crazy!. So I pull up, I pay, she gives me my receipt. I was charged an extra $1.50 per taco for the everything on each one, the sour cream, salsa, and guacamole. I paid it, but I totally think that is a total rip off. Especially since they do not post that extra charge on their drive thru banner. Not being very honest if you ask me. 4 stars for the food, but 2 stars for the prices and bad advertising.
5	BEST tacos de lengua! A little more then average price but best quality so well worth it! Always happy with my meal here :)
3	What we call $4 tacos at 74th street Baptist church, we call a sinny-sin-sin... $3 is the most I would ever pay for a taco.... so how did I end up paying $4 each for 3 here? Oh, the toppings are extra. Yep, extra on top of an already overpriced 'co. Lord knows how they figure out what's what. $.15 here, $.35 there, $.07 around the corner, $.27 for a bag... This whole experience was a mess. I tried to get all three tacos without sour cream and 2/3 ended up with it, my veggie taco ended up being carnitas (and $4), it took 12 min at the window to get my food, the wrong salsa was in the bag, oh, and the tacos were $4 each. Three tacos shouldn't cost more than 2 burritos. The three stars is bc naturally they were delicious. -2 for the price and wack job service (even for a drive through). Next time, I'm headed to Tacos El Gordo.
5	Ever since our UYE Taco Trek in February, I've been planning to come back for one of their seafood cocktails.  Last night, I left the main group of Yelp folks on the Trek #2 and I came here for my seafood cocktail.I was going to get the mixed seafood, octopus, oysters, and shrimp but I had a language problem last night with the nice senora at the register.  I ended up with a shrimp only cocktail but it was everything I wanted!I got their small size which is called medium for some reason.  There is no small!  The preparer takes a good sized mug and she puts two and a half ice cream scoops of medium sized shrimp in the mug.  Then she adds some pico, an avocado diced in small pieces and fills the entire mug with a tangy tomato sauce.  The pico is fresh cubed tomato, celery, and onions.With this beautiful mug, you get a basket of chips with a half lime for your cocktail.  Also, the required hot sauce, in this case, Tapatio is put on the pick up counter next to the mug and the chips.  OK, you never have to twist my arm when it comes to hot sauce.I ate the cocktail in what could have been record time.  What wonderful flavors!  Now I know what I'll do when I get the urge again.  There's another Los Tacos on West Sahara, much closer to me.  I'll go there and get the mixed seafood, large this time, and I'll make a stop somewhere else, El Pollo Loco perhaps, for my gringa wife.Sylvia and Nelson, the cocktail was as good as you promised it would be!  Gracias, amigos!
5	Absolutely amazing tacos.  These tacos are truly supreme.  I feel that they Los Tacos has the best tasting carne asada in all of Las Vegas.  They are not as fast as other taco shops, but I guess you can't rush taco perfection....
3	This restaurant has decent tasting food. I like their tacos because they melt their cheese onto the tortilla before putting on all the topping :) really enjoy that. Other than that just like any other taco shop. Not bad. I liked it.
5	Ok this is my favorite place to eat tacos in Vegas and I'm Mexican American so this is real talk! Atmosphere is casual and fast food like and like most great taco shops it's in an older neighborhood (more hoods than neighbors though). Way worth the drive but the one on Sahara is owned by the same family. The owner was nice enough to comp my cousin and I a shrimp cocktail aka Mariscos, so we could experience the love. No complaints, I could have got caught up in a driveby and it still would have been worth the tacos and mariscos.
5	I know this joint is called Los Tacos but in my book they're called Los Burritos!I have only tried their tacos once, which were pretty good but I always come for the burritos, I think you get more bang for your buck that way. I'm one of those people who tries something the first time and continually orders the same thing on each visit, I'm weird like that, I won't order anything else and don't even want to try anything else.The meat is always seasoned just right, juicy and soft. Guacamole and cheese will cost you a bit extra but to me it's worth it. There's no way you could ever go wrong with guacamole and cheese. I think life would be better if all the dishes on earth had both. When dining in you get your food pretty fast. Drive through could be very slow, specially during lunch rush hour so I won't hold them against that. It's totally understandable. This will always be my go to burrito place, on average I spend a little less than $10 on lunch here including a drink, their agua de pina is oh so thirst quenching, I la la love it! Give them a try, I dare you!
5	Best Carne Asada Quesidillas EVER! Must get it with Avacados. You'll thank me later!!
3	Went to lunch on a Friday afternoon here. Since I have been to Tacos El Gordo so many times I wanted to give these guys another try since the first time was the Taco Trek UYE months ago (Thanks Nelson Q!).I was pretty hungry so I was thinking the standard Carne Asada Burrito would fill me up based on the tacos I got last time. If you  refer to my pic, the burrito was not all that big. In fact, if you don't tell them you want it with everything (which is cheese, guacamole, and sour cream for an extra 1.50), all that's in there is just the meat and beans. So for 5.75 you get a tiny burrito. Add the 1.50 just so you can a little more stuffing in it. I paid a total of 7.84 with tax. Now I don't know about you guys, but lots of other places would give you a huge burrito for that price. So yes, I was a bit disappointed.While I was eating, I noticed a majority of the patrons were Caucasian. Weird. If you go to Tacos El Gordo, its mainly Mexicans. So what am I missing? Are you telling me that Los Tacos is more of an Americanized establishment? Don't get me wrong. To me there's nothing wrong with that. It just didn't look right. Some other things I noticed: They don't have a salsa bar. They do have salsa verde in squeeze bottles on just about every table. I guess you have to ask them for other sauces on the side if you don't like the green sauce which I thought is pretty good.Next couple of visits I will try the Shrimp Ceviche Tostada because I saw somebody order it and scarf it down. I was so tempted to interrupt their first bite just so I can ask to take a picture of it. LOL.
2	Well....I have to admit I decided to come here because I was already tired and frazzled and Tacos El Gordo hasn't had a drive-thru window since soon after they opened. Gee, you'd think the last thing a fast food place would want is to cut off their fat, lazy customer base- just who is the "El Gordo" they purport to be catering to, anyway?So, I saw the neon drive-thru sign beckoning to me from the darkness of the west end of the parking lot and honed in like a cruise missile. Unfortunately, it was so dark that I didn't see the curb and in my haste managed to slam my car up onto the island. No biggie, I'm sure the undercarriage benefited from a little barnacle scraping, but when I finally managed to maneuver into position at the ordering station, I was hit with a blast of Spanish-accented static. Yes, the system crashed the same time I did. (No connection). I figured it might be for the better, since their English is almost as limited as my Spanish and I could at least point and gesture in person. Nonetheless, I was growing increasingly unhappy.Got some carnitas tacos, a quesadilla on a corn tortilla (MY-EEEZ!), and a burrito for the Anaconda. This required intense negotiation and the services of three volunteer interpreters, but I got my bag and headed home.Until now, I always thought that the basic ingredient of carnitas was pork. Apparently, it's salt. How bad was it? I didn't eat it, if that tells you anything. And if you knew me, that would tell you everything.In their favor, they were friendly and tried hard, and I can't hold it against a Mexican establishment in a Mexican neighborhood that caters mostly to a Mexican clientele for speaking mostly Mexican.Their tacos were $3 as opposed to TEG's at $2, but they had more than twice as much meat. Too bad it wasn't edible. And if you agree to "with everything", that means cheese and sour cream and guacamole, (in other words, the parts that make life worth living), it will increase the cost by a buck and a half each! Whaaaat? Since when is cheese an extra on a taco? And the burrito was ok but smaller than you usually get for the price.It was a bad experience, but maybe I'll try them again when we're both having a better day.
5	All I can say is I love Los tacos. Every time I go I get a junior chicken burrito (because the regular size is huge and I never finish it) and we split some chips and salsa. They have amazing finely diced salsa and their salsa verde at the tables is the best.
5	I have been coming to Los Tacos for the last 8 years, and since my first bite of a carne taco with everything on it, I've been hooked! Whenever, I'm in town or my friends visit I make sure to take them! My current favorite on menu is a vegetarian burrito with everything on it with chips and salsa with a medium horchata.But for me the loyalty towards this restaurant goes further than it being just a place to grab a quick bite. A little over a year ago, a dear friend of mine got into a horrible car accident. (She was part of a group of my friends/coworkers that regularly went there). The Los Tacos answered to the tragedy by donating towards her treatment. They didn't have to but they did and that kindness is something I always remember when I go there (or any location of there's ). The staff is very friendly and in my eight years going have only had one negative experience (I blame my friend for that one lol.) Just keep in mind lunchtime is super busy!
5	I have been here many times, definitely a great place for Tacos and Burritos. Make sure you order "everything" on your Tacos or Burritos. This will add cheese, sour cream and guacamole.  I enjoy the quesadillas as well on flour of course.
4	My girlfriend recommended this place to me and I'm really glad she did! Don't be discouraged by their modest exterior, this place makes great food! I think some of the extras may be a bit overpriced, but if you like those sorts of things then go for it! Their tacos and quesadillas are among the best I've had since moving to Vegas from New York ten plus years ago. We'll be back!
5	OH MY GOD!!! Their carne asada burrito!!! I think I could eat that EVERY SINGLE DAY!
4	Man I love this place, be sure to get the chicken tacos with guacamole and pour some extra hit sauce on ( house made ).Tacos are huge and 2 typically fills me up.  I always grab lunch here when I am in town- about 20 min from the strip in traffic but worth the trip if you have a car.
4	Wow.  Unadulterated pure tacos.  Had carne asada and Al pastor.  Both very tasty.  Atmosphere was busy and fun.  Place is fairly run down but it sorta added to the atmosphere.  Will be eating here again the next time I cone through Vegas.  Yum.
5	I live this place. A bit pricey but very good food! I recommend the carne asada taco with everything, and the shrimp cocktail.
4	This is a place we always go to for lunch. It usually very busy but worth it. Try the Carne Asada taco with everything or the Taco el Pastor. Another great favorite is the quesadilla. You must must must get the tortilla chips and salsa.  tortilla chips are made in house and they are crunchy and salty and delicious and the salsa is made in house every day and it's fantastic.
4	Good, tasty, and authentic. This ain't Robertos or Pepes, we're talking a quality taco for a decent price. My favorite taco spot in Vegas, wish they'd open more. Oh and the green sauce? Pure awesomeness!
4	Very good chicken burritos, but $30 for two of them w/ evthg plus two chicken tacos and two sodas!??  Steep imo....Adios, muchachos!
4	Love the food, I have never had a bad order! I wish they'd get the order correct more often. When you have a picky eater, there is no fixing a burrito with EVERYTHING on it and you don't know it's made wrong until the person bites into the burrito...I'm not the picky eater in the bunch, but I think that the kitchen here works at a fast pace and either emits or includes an unwanted topping here or there because of the fast pace... hey, it happens no matter which drive thru you pull into.Both the red and green sauce are tasty, as are the chicken, carnitas , and carne asada in tacos/burritos/quesadillas. The plain cheese quesadilla is pretty full of flavor. The food is never cold, and the service is pretty good as well. For those that like to split their portions, everything heats up well at home.
5	Los Tacos is my favorite taco spot hands down. I always get tacos or a burrito. The prices are a little more but the servings reflect the price for sure. Their meats are superior to every other taco place. Their stand outs are their lengua and their carnitas. Their carne asada is also delicious.
4	Best burritos in town. Great for a quick lunch if you can catch them before or after a rush.
3	The tacos were delicious but I found that for the price it wasn't worth it. I spent around 11.50 and it was for two tacos and a drink. Don't get me wrong It was loaded with meat and toppings but going in with the mindset that it was around the same pricing area of tacos el gordo I was sadly mistaken. All in all a good taco place.
3	Overall the actual taco was delicious,  I had the carne asada.no pico -The add on guac and sour cream yummy! I didn't like the chips or what they gave me as salsa (just pico de gallo) 2$ for that!?  I will visit again,  and hope they can gain more points.
4	Best Mexican food I've ever eaten. I'm not exposed to much authentic Mexican, so this really took the cake for me. Chips and salsa were sooo plentiful, not salty, super fresh and so cheap--$2! My husband ordered the taco plate ($9) that came with pork, rice, beans, a generous stack of corn tortillas to wrap your own, lettuce, tomatoes, limes, and two big slices of avocado. He was really happy. I had the vegetarian burrito ($5.95) with added avocado (85 cents), which had to much cheese for my taste, but I ate it all anyway because it was so dang goooood. I put a big dollop of salsa and hot sauce (in the green bottle at each table) on each wonderful bite. We will be coming back here for sure. A couple next to us were each scooping a salsa-looking cold soup out of these giant mugs--I want to try that next time. Not sure what to ask for, but they made it look delicious and refreshing.
5	Never disappointed!   I have been coming here for years (since it was La Taqueria) whenever I have to go to any of the downtown government offices/ court.  The food quality is very consistent and fresh.  I love the Carne Asada, carnitas, and chicken in a burrito or tacos.  They have authentic chips fried in house and very fresh pico.   The absolutely best is the green sauce they have at every table.  I put it on everything!
4	I was a bit upset that my friends were taking me to eat tacos in Vegas. I'm from Los Angeles. We have the best taco spots around. However, these tacos are a bit different. They are very very good. They put beans in their tacos. Kind of weird to me. But it worked. I would come back to this place. Good stuff.
5	This is the clear winner in Vegas for taco joints! Everything we had was spectacular, but the Carne Asada tacos took the prize!!Get a Sandia! It will make you want to take back all the bad things you did as a kid! It's that good.Beats Abeulas and I did not think that was possible.
5	The carne asada tacos are the best! They're big tacos for only $3 and they are delicious!!!
5	Excellent food! The staff are great and the good is always fresh. We have been going there for 5 years and not one complaint from any of our lunch group. We would go there every day if we could. It is definitely a good spot to eat.
5	Best taco place EVER!!! The quality of food is definitely worth the price! We live in Southern California and come to Vegas about 10 times per year and this place never goes without a visit! You won't be disappointed!
5	Went here for lunch today and was blown away by how good the food is.   Los Tacos has some of the best carne asada tacos I've ever had - anywhere.   Restaurants are clean, service was fast.   Highly recommend.
5	This place is amazing! I had the carne asada tacos with rice and beans and I could not have been happier. At first I thought the place was a little expensive but after seeing the size of the tacos I thought the prices were fitting. Packed with meat and guacamole, I did not want them to end, lol and the beans were the bomb!
5	Tacos are the best here especially "con todo". It is a bit pricey but totally worth it.
1	Ordered a bean, cheese and rice burrito and they gave me a bean and cheese.  I don't speak Spanish,  I shouldn't have to, but it seems they only employ Spanish speakers. I'll go to tacos El Gordo from now on. This is the 3rd time, I'm done. Called to complain and couldn't understand a word they said. I won't be back and I wouldn't recommend. Learn to speak English.
2	I don't know what happened to this place.  I used to eat here at least once a week and LOVED their food.  They recently raised their prices and seemingly lowered the food quality.  The junior carne asada burrito was always my go to....a good sized burrito for $3.  I'd order it without beans and it cost me an extra .60.  Since when do places charge to take things OFF?!  Oh wait....okay, .60, I'll deal with it.  NOW they are charging $4.25 for the same burrito and a DOLLAR to NOT have beans in it.  What the fuck?  My junior carne asada burrito w/just meat n cheese was almost $7 the other day (because of course cheese is extra too...as is sour cream, avacado, etc.).  It was lacking in the meat department and had a huge glob of cheese.  So disappointing.  :(
5	The lady got my order wrong, but none of that mattered when I tasted the chicken burrito ....DELISH. Seasoned perfectly, fresh ingredients.  I love this place! A little pricey, but the portions are huge. Definitely recommend to others & I will be returning :-)
4	Last time we had tacos we went to El Gordo, and it was good.. this time El Gordo was packed, so we walked across the parking lot to Los Tacos. It was equally good, not packed and was fast. Don't believe the hype for El Gordo, try Los Tacos!
3	Most expensive tacos ever. I asked for no beans in my tacos and they charged me EXTRA! Two tacos and some chips for $12. The carne asada was really good but their quesadillas are greasy. EVERYTHING comes with beans. I like beans but not in everything.
5	My first experience with Los Tacos was definitley a good one. So good that I will definitely be back.  Not only do they have the best burritos, but the salsa is the best in city. One bite, and i was sold!A step up from Roberto's would be an understatement, so just do yourself a favor, get down and support Los Tacos.....you'll be happy you did.
1	Not worth it. They all suck there. Employees be acting like they're getting working for free. Just go to a restaurant.
3	I was just there yesterday (my usual place across the parking lot was packed).  Let me start by saying the food was good....  I ordered two Cabeza burritos, the board said $6.00, however if you want cream, cheese and guacamole it's an extra charge (pricey!!).  We agreed to the extra cheese, and cream (no guacamole).  Our total came out to $15.00 and change.  No drinks, nothing else, just the two burritos!!The burritos were smaller than I thought, given the price, but man, they were really tasty.  The cabeza meat was clean, no fatty or chewy parts anywhere, and it was well cooked and seasoned.  The whole burrito composition was on point, it had onions, cilantro the usual suspects, and our extra charge ingredients cream and cheese, all of that together and the scrumptious meat tasted like heaven!! The red salsa we got on the side was really good it complemented the burrito perfectly.
5	Best tacos in town! I crave them on a daily. I know the owner personally and he is a very honest, humble, respectable family man. Chicken tacos with beans, cheese, and sour cream is to DIE for. Savory, full of flavor, worth every penny.
