4	In such a trendy area, Baguette To Go is a bit of a no frills deal. But that's not necessarily a bad thing!It's not the kind of place you would sit in and soak up the ambiance. But its certainly useful if you're breezing in on your lunchbreak, or hungry and running for a train like Steph was. It's got the usual convenience cafe suspects on the menu - coronation chicken, spicy chicken and so on, but it's really low priced and the fillings are fresh. Inside there are a few seats if you want to stop by, have a cup of tea and read a paper in peace. It's clean and efficient - nothing too fancy but definitely functional.What separates cafes of this description from the uber cool continental coffee houses is how friendly the staff are. This place is no exception - the staff make sure you are well fed and served at super speed - all in all making it a much more welcoming environment.It's not swanky, but the staff are nice and the food is good if you're just grabbing a bite.
4	Having spent the last 3 months on a mission to hunt down every sandwich, panini, baked potato and general lunchtime monotony outlet in the city, I can say with some degree of authority that I know what makes a good baguette.So do the people at Baguette To Go it seems, and if the shop were just a few blocks closer to my work I'd likely visit them a good bit more. Nothing too mindblowing here, but with a range of generously portioned and tasty fillings you can't really ask for more.It is a tiny bit more expensive than Baguette Express, but if you're the type that likes supporting your local business then a few pennies here and there  shouldn't matter too much.
4	I'm always willing to try new lunchtime baguette venues that aren't Subway branches. Baguette To Go was a pretty good shout and my coronation chicken baguette was delish!I totally agree with the other reviewers who mentioned the friendly staff, it's always nice to be served with a smile. The prices are very reasonable, the produce is tasty and fresh and I will definitely be heading back for a lunchtime snack!
3	Meh, this place is ok.It's pretty standard to be honest, the same baguettes, the same presentation and the same prices. it's not anything special.If anything, the bread was a bit tough to eat and cut my gums. It's ok...
4	This is a great local business that has to compete with companies such as Baguette Express, which is just a few hundred metres down the road. I personally enjoy Baguette To Go's paninis and baguettes more than Baguette Express's and feel that the staff here are more friendly with you.They also seem to give you more value for money, and I can tell because I generally order the same panins in both places.I don't use this place as much as I did in first year of uni, mostly because I am no longer at Pollock, but it was so good to have it as a possible alternative to the breakfasts at the canteen there, or if you are too lazy to wake up or time for the breakfasts.Like Rezzi I have also noticed that they use the sanitising gloves to take money and to make sandwiches with. Being a bit of a self proclaimed weirdo when it comes to germs, I now opt for paninis, in the hope that the heat kills any bad germs!
