3	First, be prepared to pull out a wad of cash for this one. It's not cheap, but good food seldom is. I can't say this is a five star, because the service is iffy, and it's actually connected to the Courtyard Marriott next door - so the selection has to cater to travellers as well as those with a more educated palate.Alcohol selection is fair, with a nice wine menu and a fully stocked bar. Local brews including IPA beers are on tap, and served in what appears to be 8 oz glasses. So two are not a problem, until you see that they are priced at the usuall 12 oz price for only an 8 oz portion.Selection is good, but again - the portion size is small. Very small. I don't like to gripe, but when I get a plate of moderately priced food - I like to be able to see it and not most of the plate. While prepared well, I can't say it leapt over my tastebuds either. I had the pork and fillet mignon mixed grill selection - but what I saw my friends get for $22 was absolutely too little for a "prok specialty" dish. Three small, two inch round medialions, 3/4" thick is just not enough of a portion size. Even if you are on a scrict diet.The decorations are nice, and it does make for a good impression if you are taking a dress model out to dinner. If you're taking a business collegue or a relative - you might want to think twice about going here. Good food, just not liking the portion size.
5	I've been hearing good things about Sonoma Grille for a while and just hadn't had the chance to try it.  A night out to the theater was the perfect opportunity.  It was fantastic.  I started with a delicious mesclun salad and had the Study of Duck signature dish for my entree (though it was a grave diversion from my current diet plan!)  It was so worth it!  It was a trio of different duck preparations, all very unique and tasty with the perfect veggies mixed in.  Delightful small profiteroles for dessert finished off the meal nicely.  The service was excellent.  Our waitress was very helpful in helping us understand the specials and various options, as well as helping us decide when we were overwhelmed by the many wonderful sounding choices.  The ambiance was very soothing--we enjoyed exchanging glances with those at the table next to us admiring each new course as it came out.Yes it's somewhat pricey, but I left perfectly satisfied and spent less than at several other fine dining establishments of late.  Especially looking to the other options downtown in the cultural district for a pre-theater meal, most of them boast much high per person price tags.  I can't wait to go back to Sonoma Grille--my struggle will be to see if I can tear myself away from the amazing meal I had this first time to try something new!
3	I go here often and the bartenders are really good.  I'm not sure if it's because I'm a regular, but I find the wait staff here excellent.  It's a pretty good location with valet parking and a fun spot "seviche" across the street which has the same owner.  It's never too crowded and they have plenty of comfy seating with couches and chairs not just barstools.  The wine selection is great, but overpriced.  I can pay $33 for a bottle of cakebread chardonnay at the liquor store, but they charge $150 here.  A 5x multiple is just too much and I think a little greedy.  They also don't have guiness on tap which I believe every bar should have.  I was there last night and was particularly disappointed with the food.  That's why I decided to write a review.  Again, overall this is a pretty good place usually.  I think they need to have more features with  respect to the menu.  The menu doesn't seem to change much to me and I find it a bit boring, but again I go here often so I've tried many of the options.  Last night I had this pork dish that was supposed to be a pork chop and also a side of "pork belly".  The chop wasn't that good. I've had bettter quality at TG Mcfunsters... for god's sake and the pork belly wasn't really pork belly which is supposed to be oozing with flavor and texture.  A friend had the calamari, which was cold and not that good.  It was better after the staff heated it up.  Another friend had the menu item where you can pick one, two, or three proteins to pair with sides.  He had the shrimp tempura which I tried and it was pretty good.  On other visits I've had the "kobe" hamburger.  I'm not sure if it's kobe beef, but it's a pretty good burger.  I also really like the avocado and crab appetizer.  This is probably my favorite menu item.  They have a nice cheese board, but on two occassions when I ordered the cheese was ice cold when it should have been room temperature.  Overall a fun time, but I would suggest just going there for a few drinks and saving your appetite for some of the other downtown restaurants like Nine on Nine a block down the street.
4	Food is fantastic. Not sure what's up with the decor though. It's very 1998 Olive Garden. Really strange. Definitely not fitting for the quality of the meal.
2	Sonoma Grill is a downtown place with a downtown feel.  The decor is just plain boring and the seem to try too hard.  On top of the overprices mediocre food the staff has always left something to be desired.If you are interested a decently sized wine list and want to have a drink after work stop in, but you are better off eating someplace else.
5	This is a New York City food snob talking here. This place isn't just good in a "I'm in a smaller city so I'll have to make do" kind of way. This place is good by NYC standards. The menu is really interesting and the preparation is excellent. They have an impressive wine selection, too. The menu pairs dishes with wine, which is good for me; I'm a food snob but a wine ignoramus. Can you go wrong with a menu that has "A Study of Duck"? I liked it so much I came back a second night and the pork loin did not disappoint.Editing this review to say: I came back to Pittsburgh for another trip and ate here every night. The food was even better than I remembered it. The spiced nova scotia salad was so incredibly delicious and well prepared, this place not only earned a fifth star from me, I now consider it one of my favorite restaurants in the country.
4	Excellent food. Great service. Louzy decor and the vibe is a bit on the snobby side... Extensive wine list and their deserts are always exceptional.  This is one my favorite spots in Pittsburgh.
2	Sonoma is totally forgettable. There was nothing wrong with the place, except for maybe the overly effected service (the waiter who responds to "thank you" with "thank you" instead of "your welcome"). If someone who loved this restaurant wanted to take me back I'd go, but I won't go there by choice again.
4	A very good place to eat at the bar if you are traveling on business by yourself.  With the TVs, wine options, local craft beers, its a comfortable place to have a solo dinner.  You will find yourself in the company of many business travelers.  It's cool.
3	i really like the feel of this place. The staff was very customer focused and  even hand-stuffed the olives with blue cheese for my martini.  the tapas were all great and i loved the short rib. Scallops were good, just wished the portions were large.definitely will come back again.
1	I was treated to lunch here and even for a free lunch it was not satisfying.First my french onion soup had very little flavor, almost watered down.  The cheese was overcooked and clumping and the bread was just... bread in my soup.I had the short ribs for my entree.  The ribs where extremely dry and overcooked.  The portions are small and the meat was so inedible that I didn't even finish my meal.  What flavor that was infused was just sauce cooked onto the meat and no flavor from the meat itself.  I was extremely disappointed.My guess is that they garner the majority of their business from out of towners staying in the hotel it is connected to.  This will definitely not be in my lunch rotation downtown.
2	A wine centered eatery that forgot to serve me my glass of wine!!! That sums it up for me. I liked the study of duck but my server seemed to be on another planet! It's menu is tasty but the one time I visited it just didn't seem like everything was running together.
2	The Restaurant is interesting calling itself a California Style Wine Bistro.  Our Server was excellent in attention, speed and knowledge of the food, etc.  I ordered the Fisherman's Wharf Chowder (without the bread bowl) and received a large bowl of chowder that was very filling but had too much salt flavor.  I also had the Local Corned Beef Reuben Sandwich that seemed to be made of sliced roast beef and not corned beef, far from tasty to me.  I chose French Fries over the side of fresh fruit, which was a mistake.  They were seasoned but tasted like Salty fries only.  Another diner had the French Onion Soup which was reported as very good.An interesting fact is that the restaurant does not have salt and pepper shakers on the tables.  Based on the taste of the food I had I'd say the chef does diners a great favor, since so many people add salt before tasting their dish.  The chef does not spare salt from what I could tell.There were 20 of us dining here for lunch and most reported dissatisfaction with the food.  A typical comment was "I've had better..."
3	I really have mixed feelings about this place.  Named Sonoma Grille located in the middle of downtown Pittsburgh?  It's somewhat clever I have to admit.  I liked the place, but wasn't overwhelmed with joy.The wine list is pretty good, it could use a little tweaking and the prices are way overpriced.  I've had many of the wines on the list and payed far less for what they are here.  The decor is a little above average, but  somewhat outdated.  A little renovation could go a long way for this place.  I think the coolest thing was the mural on the wall with the quote,"A meal without wine is like a day without sunshine."If I'm ever back in Pittsburgh I may or may not come back.  Definitely won't be near the top of my list.
3	This place was really close to my hotel and in this part of Pittsburgh, it's slim pickins for late night snacks and drinks.  In fact, this was the only place still serving food past 10pm-although we had to hurry as they stopped at 11pm.  My friend and I decided to split the tapas platter for $22.  What came out was two tiny pieces of chicken for the satay, two miniature 'hot-pocket' type crab wontons, nickel-sized 'short ribs' and a microscopic lump of ahi tuna tartare.  I could get these items in BULK at Trader Joe's for HALF that price.  I've dined here in the past and the meals were always good and substantial so a word to the wise:  if you think this is one of those establishments where you get such large apps that you could order one as a makeshift meal, then you will be poor AND hungry!
2	"What will you be having tonight, lady"--my server.  Who says that?  Lady?  Ms., chick, dude, all work for me.  Lady? Not so much.Make some room for me on the 'mixed feelings' bench.  I've eaten at this quasi-highly-recommended resto twice on my visits to the 'burgh.  I will admit that the half-price bottle of wine on Monday nights did me no wrong (you can take it to go if you don't finish it, which I shockingly did not do), but the food is not quite up to par.  The filet was delish-but not a special dish.  I expect a filet to be steaky goodness, and it was.  On the next trip, I had the gnocchi with pesto, snow peas, and wild mushroom.  These were definitely wild mushrooms.  How do I know? They were terribly gritty.  Were they washed?  It felt like I was eating a PBJ that I dropped on the beach.The wine list is sooooper-heavy on California (natch, Sonoma and Napa) but the mark-up (for some of the more un-original choices) was steeeeeep.  And the decor is a wee bit trite, with the fake windows and whatnot.
3	Hmmmm...lots of highs and lows here so where to start?  Okay...1st, the service by the very friendly waiter was attentive, if not extremely knowledgeable...hey, he tried.  Halfway through the meal, he did notice the "bread guy" hadn't visited our table and sent him over.  The bread guy described a wonderful selection of fresh artisan breads and then thrifily placed one slice each on each of our plates.  And disappeared.  For the rest of the meal.  Wow!  It was dished out like it was frickin' gold!  Come on, loosen up on the bread for Pete's sake...would it kill you to put a basket on the table?!The entrees were quite nice and the Sonoma salad had us all making nummy noises - good salad and dressing!  I had the wild shrimp, grits, Carolina BBQ sauce and sauteed garlic spinach .  LOVED the spinach and BBQ sauce.  Unfortunately, the shrimp were overcooked so you couldn't really appreciate whether or not they were fresh and/or wild...I just have to take their word on that one.  The price was right for the pre fixe lunch at $15 for entree and salad, though.  Another of our group ordered the Amish chicken with fettucine and, again, halfway through the meal, the water asked if she had been offered Parmesan...she hadn't.  So he hunted down the "cheese guy" (who may have been the same former elusive bread guy...gotta be versatile in the restaurant business, I guess.)  Bottom line is they need to tighten up the service and pay attention to preparation...could have been better for sure.  Especially when they're using those dear little crustaceans battling for their lives in the gulf oil spill!  When they give up their precious little lives for our plates and our palates, it shouldn't have been in vain!  Cook them correctly, please.  Go.  Or not.  Meh.
3	The staff was friendly, the wine list long and it was attached to my hotel.   The good was a little on the plain and pricey side but if your staying at the Courtyard and don't feel like going far it's easy and good enough.
3	My parents love this place and have raved about it for a while.  While visiting the 'burgh, I was feeling adventurous and we decided to head to the Sonoma Grille for dinner.  As soon as we sat down, the first thing my parents noticed was that the menu (which they were so very much in love with) had completely changed....cue in the "OMG WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO/EAT" moment...Our waitress, Barb, immediately noticed the shocked faces of my parents and calmly confirmed that yes, the menu had indeed changed.  Sonoma Grille was now serving only local and fresh and organic food.  I felt like Dorothy from the Wizard of Oz and wanted to say, "I'm not in Pittsburgh anymore."  Since when is Pittsburgh into sustainable, local, and organic food?  If I wanted that I would've stayed in San Francisco for the weekend....anyway...The food was pretty good & I am a plain eater who appreciates the simple things in life...as such, the mixed grill with 2 options is a great bet.  I'd suggest the filet and the crab cake and the veggies (ask for no soy sauce on the veggies that come with your meal, I hear they're salty).All in all, I think I would've liked this place equally as much if it weren't so into the fresh and local and organic schtick; however, I would definitely go back and they have a fantastically large/delicious wine list!
4	My husband, daughter and I were on our way home to DC, and were trying to find a good, yet unpretentious place to eat.  it was 103 degrees out, late June, and we were dressed for it.  My husband was in khaki walking shorts and a polo, I was in capris and a tank top, our daughter in shorts and a skirt.We passed on the first restaurant after the Maitre'd asked how short my husband's walking shorts were.  We walked out of another when the Maitre'd gave our 7-year old "the look", and we walked out of another due to a 1.5 hour wait-list...and then we came here.No wait.  Children's menu.  Summer attire no problem.  Ok wine list.  Great service, great food.  We'd come back here any time we're driving through town again.
1	It amazes me when I run into someone working as a waiter or waitress who doesn't understand that when people are dining out they aren't just purchasing food, but rather both the food and the experience which goes along with it.This past Saturday my friend and I were visiting downtown Pittsburgh and had a lot of choices as to where we would dine and after 30 minutes of placing our order at The Sonoma Grille, we knew we had made a bad choice. Our waiter was arrogant and distant with us, seeming as if he had everything else but our dinner on his mind. After placing our order and and receiving our water we waited almost 15 minutes before having to flag down our waiter and asking him if he had forgotten our bread. He simply said he'd get it. 10 minutes later it showed up at our table, delivered by someone else.His disconnect with us and lack of attention left us wanting more, and was probably the reason why when our food showed up, that it was prepared wrong.Although my dinner partners food was correct, my medium well done meat was almost raw inside. No waiter to be found anywhere, so I approach who looked like the manager, who went into the kitchen to correct my order. 15 minutes later I approach the manager again, asking him if they had forgotten about my meal.10 minutes later he reappeared with my food, which I declined to eat, since our meal had been ruined by this time. NOW, finally our waiter shows up to stand behind the manager as he explains that he would wrap my meat to go. As our waited stood behind him with a smug grin on his face, I couldn't help but think that he was in the wrong line of work and that we had just wasted our money since we really never got to eat together in reality.I truly am amazed at this fine looking restaurant and the fact that they do serve good food, but that they forget that more than half a dinner experience is in the presentation and atmosphere and that although the food is good, they completely ruined our evening with not just bad service, but a lack of service completely. What good is serving good food if you serve it prepared incorrectly, not on time and with an attitude I wouldn't accept from anyone in passing let alone someone whose job it is to make sure our dining experience is an enjoyable one.
3	The place trips my trigger. Great food and wine to match! I love eating at the bar and watching the game!
5	We walked in at about 8:30 PM on a Monday. We got a high table by the window immediately. We ordered the tapas platter for 2 - really delicious shrimp, pretty good pork slider and chicken satay, the beignets were uniformly unliked. The beef crostini was excellent - the favorite of everyone at the table. The french onion soup was surprisingly excellent for being vegetarian. We fought over it. One of us ordered a mahi panini which was really excellent as well. Our waiter was personable, friendly and really attentive. The manager came out and served our food and was making the rounds in the restaurant. Just a really, really pleasant experience with excellent food - we were impressed with how reasonable the drinks were priced too. We would definitely go back here again! Also, Hilary Duff sat next to us with her hubby. LIFE WIN.
1	Dinner on Sunday night was a disaster.  The  butter plates on our table were dirty. (yuck) Both of the Moroccan lamb ravioli dishes arrived cold, twice!  The lid on the coffee pot fell off and the waitress poured coffee on the table and on my husband's jacket.  No apologies,A bus boy dropped a huge tray of dirty dishes next to our table.   I would describe our dining experience as surreal.Doubt we'll ever return certainly not for dinner.  IMO management needs to better train the entire kitchen and dining room staff,  (The price of one of the ravioli dishes was taken off our bill,)
5	I love the food and the concept (man that sounds so pretentious).  They really work to find local buyers, make sustainable AND work with Pittsburgh Grows.  I have had been there twice and had outstanding meals. Randing from mixed grills, flat breads, beet salads, delightful seared tuna and yummy desserts (Lemon Cheesecake w/Earl Gray Meringue!).   The staff is friendly and well informed.  Random perk: One of the lovely wait staff members helped us out with a helpful hint...We had to get to the theater and it was a monsoon outside.  Our waiter informed us that there "might" be some left over umbrellas in the stand by the door.  (He did tell us which ones had been left for several months so we didn't steal another patrons!)
4	When my brother, who was visiting from out of town, and I were downtown on a Saturday, he suggested going to Sonoma Grille for lunch.  I balked at first--I was dressed casually and had heard that this was a fancy place--but he insisted.  I'm glad that he did.Our server was very pleasant, knowledgeable and professional, and offered a few suggestions of dishes to order.  On her recommendation, I tried the vegetarian French onion soup.  It was a bit too salty, but as a vegetarian, I appreciated being able to have French onion soup for once--most places use beef broth.  I tried my brother's beet salad, which was delicious.While it's true that Sonoma doesn't offer a bread basket, I think it's better this way.  You don't go to a restaurant to fill up on bread.  The bread that you do get (you get your choice of two) is delicious.  I enjoyed a slice of the ciabatta and a slice of the raisin walnut.  The herbs really come through nicely in the infused oil served with the bread.As my entree, I had the grilled vegetable gyro, with a side of fruit (the other option was fries).  The vegetables in the gyro were very fresh, and I liked that the flatbread was grilled, too.  My one suggestion would be either to provide a larger size flatbread, or a second flatbread, because there was more filling than flatbread.  The fruit was blah--the melon and grape mix you see at cafeterias--not quite the quality you expect from a "farm to table" restaurant.For dessert, we shared the ice cream sandwich trio.  One sandwich was made from gingersnap cookies with coffee ice cream, another was shortbread with chocolate ice cream, and the third was snickerdoodle with pumpkin ice cream.  Happiness.If you put quantity over quality when it comes to food, Sonoma's probably not the best bet for you; the portions are reasonable but not oversized.  If it's quality you're after, however, you'll be happy here.
4	This place is a staple when I'm in Pittsburgh. Fantastic happy hour menu, and I've never eaten something I haven't enjoyed.
1	My experience at Sonoma Grille was terrible.  We just left the restaurant about 15 minutes ago and I am writing this review while the experience is still fresh in my mind. My husband and I were excited to try Sonoma despite its relatively high prices, basic menu, and muted Olive Gardenish decor.  We very much looked forward to the night out but were shocked by the inexperienced waitress, the poor service, and the undercooked food. We ordered appetizers, a salad, and 2 main dishes.  My husbands pork was completely rare and cold when it came out.  Instead of taking the entire dish away, the waitress suggested he just put the pork on a small side dish so it could be re-heated.  Um, what??  Seriously?  For a fine dining restaurant, no dish should come out raw nor should the meat be separated from the rest of the dish to cure the problem.  Kind of ruins the idea of serving a "dish" afterall.   The rest of the food was ok, but, not worth the high price tag.So then we sat and waited.  And waited.  I finished my entire meal before my husband even got his served at the right temperature. It was strange, awkward, and sad not to be able to share what is supposed to be a fine dining experience with my husband. The manager, Kevin,  came over 3 times, asking "is there anything we can do for you?" and "Sir, sorry, next time this won't happen".   Well, needless to say, there will not be a next time. And the answer to "Is there anything we can do for you?"  is basic restaurant management, Kevin.... you either comp the meal or at least comp a glass of wine.  You did neither.  And we didn't ask because we aren't that type.
4	We had a really nice time at the Sonoma Grille tonight.   The atmosphere was great even sitting at the bar.   Service was very attentive and the food was great!   I will definately return and would recommend it as a special occasion place (Pittsburgh prices tend to be lower thean here.)  That said....I wasn't  offended by $90. for 2 no tincluding tax tip and drinks.
5	I only came here for their happy hour, but it was easily the most awesome happy hour I have ever attended.  Thus the five stars.  Parking is tricky (they have valet, but I couldn't find a place to pull in because lots of other cars were doing the same thing), so I just parked in the garage on Ninth a block away.  I met up with some girlfriends in the wine bar area, where it was....ladies night.Yes, Tuesday is ladies night here at Sonoma Grille, and thus every woman gets a first drink for free.  Free.  Anything.  Well, anything under $8, but our server said if we wanted something that was normally over $8, he'd just work it out for us.  I asked for something fruity and feminine and got an unidentified ruby red cocktail that was delicious and quickly consumed.Within 90 minutes, there were about 10 of us girls there, and our server and a manager were practically falling over themselves to help us.  They were attentive, charming, and even a little flirtatious, which is always fun at a happy hour. We kept ordering drinks (during happy hour, some beers are $3, some wines are $4, and some cocktails are $5) and food ($5 sushi rolls and select tapas).  My spicy tuna roll was a good deal for $5, simple and fresh.  The wines were poured generously and at perfect temperature.When we got our bill, we had clearly been given a few more free drinks than we deserved (not sure if it was an accident, or generosity), but the bill came to $70 for 10 girls, each of whom had at least one drink, sometimes two, sometimes three (but the first one was free!) and several sushi rolls.  I don't understand how it happened, but that server got a very generous tip, and Sonoma Grille got a rave review from me!  The atmosphere is classy, with lots of people dressed up and men in suits and ties, so you have to be in the mood for that kind of crowd.  But we were treated like queens, and I would be happy to come back any time - especially on Tuesdays!
2	Good golly I wish I had a better impression this time....not so much.  The wait staff is still upbeat and professional - great at selling!  Well, that's it for the positive.The food, well...I ordered the fish tacos - tuna, please.  I got salmon instead....farm-raised, no less.  Ick.  I didn't say anything (my bad) because I didn't want to hold up the group.  The corn tortillas were so oil-laden that it dripped off the bottoms and onto the plate...watch out shirt!  The crema was simply thin sour cream, no cilantro, just a sprinkling of coleslaw mix and cubes of the foresaid salmon instead of the ordered tuna.  Came with a side of fruit which must have been left over trom the Sunday brunch...it was old.They're still dishing out the bread like it was gold - one piece each....and don't look for the "bread guy" now the waiter hands it out judiciously.  The herbed oil needed to be shaken to dislodge the clump of herbs in the bottom of the bottle so all the poured out was herbless oil.  My dining companions ordered the steak salad and pronounced them adequate, but longed for the hanger steak salads across the street at Nine on Nine.  I, too, longed for the fish tacos across the street at Nine on Nine.  From now on, Nine on Nine will be the destination....just keep walking by Sonoma Grille.  What a shame.
4	Have been here several times for dinner and have always enjoyed it.  They have an extensive wine list.  They pride themselves on being organic.  They are attached to the Courtyard by Marriott hotel.  I usually order the "pick 2 or 3".  I have enjoyed the lamb, steak medallions, ahi tuna and salmon.  I usually pick the Asian Vegetables. The salads are enjoyable too.  It is usually crowded but service generally has been OK.
3	Another A-OK but "nothing special" meal for me while in Pittsburgh. Went here with a small group and was definitely impressed with the service, our server was really out going and personable without being over-the-top; very charming and witty. Started with a few cocktails and was happy with the pour; not as chinsey with the vodka as Sharp Edge (I could actually taste the vodka). Ordered a shrimp appetizer and while it was seasoned OK, it didn't taste like fresh shrimp should --- maybe fresh frozen or something? I am not 100% sure, it just tasted a little rubbery and texturally it was off a bit. I followed it up with the petit filet mignon, creamy mashed potato's and brocolini (which I absolutely love). The steak was seasoned nicely and cooked just the way I ordered it; melted in my mouth. The creamy mashed went down pretty smooth as well but I have definitely had better.If you're staying in downtown Pittsburgh, I would recommend you give it a shot. Not sure you'll be blown away but you'll get a good meal.
3	I hover between 3 and 4 stars. The service was great, very patient with our rowdy 7-people group. The food was well-presented but only average in taste. Don't get the mixed grille unless you order multiple selections because with one selection I got 6 small bites of filet and a mountain of boring veggies like baby corn and celery. The filet was excellent but celery? I didn't pay $16 for celery! And the flourless chocolate torte was bland...definitely not as rich as expected.
4	Came here for a quick lunch with my Mom, when we were both attending a conference on bipolar disorder at the Westin down the street.  I think the restaurant did not expect a whole bunch of conference attendees to randomly crash their lunch hour.  Service was slow, but our server was basically like "sorry, all these people came at once, I had no idea, we're doing the best we can."  I believe him.  I doubt their lunch service is normally bad or slow at all.  We had a lovely table on the sidewalk, in the shade, so I was happy to wait a little while.  He also brought the check out with our entrees, since he knew we were in a hurry, so that was helpful.I had the fish tacos, which I really enjoyed.  I was offered a side of "fries or fruit" and I picked fruit, which was the usual fruit-cup assortment of melons, pineapple, and grapes.  It was tasty and fresh but I would've liked more - like if you'd get a whole plateful of fries, can't you get a plateful of fruit?  But the tacos were really good - "fresh seasonal fish" as written on the menu - it was salmon and some tasty white fish on this occasion - with slaw, crema, and pico de gallo.  Most of the ingredients were locally sourced, according to the menu, and you could taste the freshness.  Big ups to the handmade tortillas - I suspect Reyna's made them - they were fantastic.  They did come with this really weird side of undressed greens -  maybe they were supposed to go in the tacos? - but there were a ton of them and I had no idea what to do with them.  Server brought me a little bowl of vinaigrette, at my request, so then they were turned into a nice salad.Great happy hour, and fresh, well-executed food.  Great people watching too!  Lunch prices are very reasonable.
4	Ladies, brace yourself - Tuesday nights are considered ladies night and you get a free drinks (up to $8.00) and there are $5.00 apps.  So yes, that makes me a fan, b/c (1) I'm a lady and (2) I love free drinks - especially good drinks!So for this fact alone, I'm going to stay that I'm a fan of Sonoma Grille.  I will mention that the $5.00 food portions are teeny tiny - they're more like mini tapas - so maybe that's not the best deal, but everything that I've had has been good.I can't comment on dinner or lunch as I haven't been there for those meals, but for happy hour especially on Tuesdays - check it out!
1	On a recent business trip to the area, we decided to check this place out - as did about half of the other convention attendees.After waiting an hour to be seated, we were promptly informed that they were out of bread and three entrees.  I realize that they were slammed from the convention center but, considering they're a block from the convention center, you'd think they'd research events and be a bit more  prepared. It pretty much went down hill from there.  The drinks were bad and the food was mediocre.I will say that the service was great as was the ambiance of the restaurant, though neither was enough to compensate for everything else.
3	Even though this place had three stars (and three $ signs, which made my cheap side a little worried) I still had heard a lot of good word of mouth, so I wanted to try it out.  I went about this dining process by rating it as the action started.  Our server walks up to us and asks if we had ever been there.  His response was great, telling us all about the farm to table experience they try to create there.  He was extremely helpful in picking out our drinks, Lyeth Meritage for me...at $14 a glass...YIKES.  But it was really light and refreshing for a red wine.  My friend got a gin and tonic, the gin being infused with cucumber deliciousness (I assure you, I tried it a couple times).  We're 5 stars at this point folks.We both decided on the tasting menu since everything looked good.  $35 for three courses is pricey for me, but I was splurgin' here (dah, $14 wine).  To start I choose the Wild Mushroom Flatbread.  Now bear in mind, I thought the tasting menu portions would be, well, tasting size.  It was regular appetizer size, you know, for like two people.  I ate almost all of it....other than the piece I shared with my friend.  It was THAT good.  Porto mushrooms, pesto and feta cheese.  YUM!  Still 5 stars people.I was torn between a the healthy Sonoma Salad and the Pecan Crusted Haluomi.  Since my friend is generous, she said she'd get the cheese and give me a piece.  Win win!  The salad was good but the Haluomi...holy crap!  It was amazing!  I cannot believe it's served as a whole meal.  It comes with potatoes and broccoli, but I would need something else.  Even though cheese does fill lots of voids in my life.  At this point we've downgraded the score to 3 stars because our second course came out AN HOUR after our first course was served.  The server came by only once to say our courses would be close together (because we were going to a show and in a rush at this point).  He never came by to ask if I wanted another glass of wine (a no, but still).  Or just to tell us the kitchen was running slow tonight, etc.  I would have taken any excuse.  But there was nothing.     Final course was the Crispy Indonesian Glazed Duck.  Don't get me wrong, it was VERY good and crispy, but I thought the glaze overpowered it enough where I felt like I was eating at a Chinese restaurant....where my meal would have been $8.  Regardless of the wait times I still thought the meal was solid, if not a tad overpriced.  Would I go back?  Yes.  Would I soon or frequently?  Probably not.  The mystery of the 3 star rating has been solved.  Sonoma Grill, get on your game, you could be a 5 star!
4	Nice find in the Convention Center area of Pittsburgh.  The shrimp appetizer is very tasty and the main entrees are nicely presented and quite delectable.
4	Stopped in for lunch on a Saturday. I was surprised  this place was open for lunch on a weekend. The menu was limited but decent choices. I had an omelet and it was delicious. The service was 5 stars. We had to wait to be seated because the hostess dissapeared and the bartender didn't know how to use the seating chart. I would like to try this place for dinner and drinks. the wine list is huge but expensive.
4	Beautiful restaurant! Try the wild mushroom flatbread while you're there.... so good!
4	I gotta say, we were pretty impressed. Admittedly, any restaurant with a California location in the title always makes me a tad skeptical. But this time, success.First of all, the place is huge. From the street you think that you are dining in an intimate, normal sized restuarant, but the ceiling are super high and the dining area is lofty and airy- but still romantic and intimate. We were seated right away and handed a wine list with a ton of Sonoma and Napa Valley wines. I stuck with water, but Pat ordered a BH Cohn Pinot Nior, which I have had before an loved. (great winery in Sonoma as well!!)We split an entree of 3 meats- chicken, fish and steak. The tuna was delicate and well seasoned, the chicken nice and tender. Pat went to town on the steak. The portion size was perfect.The place is a tad pricey, but the quality makes it worth it. I hear that it I smart to make a reservation-- I guess we got lucky. A very nice and knowledgable wait staff make the experience that much more lovely.
4	*This review is for lunch*I was at a conference in Pittsburgh last week, and I dined here for lunch not once but *twice* in the course of 4 days!  We liked it so much the first time that we went back.  If I had only been the first time, it would have been 5 stars, but the second experience was more like 3 stars overall, so I'm averaging.The food is definitely of good quality and very fresh.  Both times my dishes were excellent.  The first day I had the Sonoma salad and the stir fry with the most delicious tempura shrimp I've ever had.  It was a salt and pepper type batter, but with some spice that I couldn't quite place...anyway, it was completely amazing.  And perfectly fried, not greasy, etc.  The shrimp were served over noodles and veggies.  Sadly, most of the veggies were actually celery, which almost doesn't count.  I dug around for the broccoli and zucchini which were hiding in there.  The noodles themselves were cooked well and had a good seasoning.  The Sonoma salad was amazing!  It was perfect: bacon, blue cheese, julienned pears, arugula...mmm.  I was very impressed.  So my food was a 4.5 that day.  Service seemed fine, although a little slow perhaps.The second time we went, they were clearly having some staffing issues.  We got there during the lunchtime rush from all the various conferences that were happening at the Convention Center, so I can understand that it's a bit crazy.  But the hostess was SO RUDE.  She didn't even acknowledge my presence at the podium for several minutes and not until I said something.  I asked if we could put our name in and she said "yes one minute ma'am" which I figured meant that she was busy with something but would get to me next.  Nope!  She ignored me, called the next group to be seated, took them, got back, took another group and continued ignoring me.  That is just ridiculous!!  How long does it take to get my name put down on a sheet??  It would take you two seconds to be nice to me and then you wouldn't have a frustrated customer wondering if it was even possible to get seated.  Anyway, we gave up and sat at the bar since she was ignoring us.  Then, the bartender was so busy that it took her a good 15 minutes to come give us waters and take our orders.  By then, my friend had to go back to the conference so she wouldn't miss the next session!  So we had to box up her food when it came.  We just felt bad for the poor bartender who obviously had way too many people for just her to wait on!  She even sort of griped to us that the hostess had been seating too many people and there weren't enough servers.  I know it's frustrating to wait, but it would be better for groups to wait to be seated until they could actually be served....anyway.  The restaurant clearly has some staffing issues that they need to work on.  And that girl at the front needs to lose the attitude!  The guy there the first day was perfectly friendly and another hostess we saw was also pleasant...it was just this one girl.  Grrr.The food was just as good the second day, but I was so starving by the time it came that I wasn't as satisfied with the experience.  I had a different salad (can't remember what it was called) and I added filet mignon to it, which was deliciously tender and perfectly cooked as I had asked for it.  But the whole situation with the hostess had just soured the whole experience...nothing could really make up for it.If I were ever in Pittsburgh again, I would definitely go back for the food, but if I saw that girl at the front, I'd go elsewhere!
3	We were looking for a last minute dinner over Pitt family weekend.  First 3-4 options were booked and Sonoma could get us in almost right away(concerning at first). My daughter had the French Onion soup and said it was very good.  I asked if they would make the Ahi Tuna into a small appetizer.  They agreed and I received a couple chunks of "OK" tuna w a creamy wasabi dipping sauce.  Very middle of the road.  Our girls had the filet kabobs over fettuccine w tomato sauce.  Interesting combo but they liked it.  My oldest was craving some good mashed potatoes.  Unfortunately they told us they were out of mashed potatoes...really, one of the most basic sides...they were out.  My wife had the filet.  Nice cut, cut per request but nothing special.  I had the bacon wrapped veal medallions.  They were very good although very small.  Would have been even better over the truffle whipped potatoes, just didn't go as well with "roasted" fingerlings.  They were not roasted quite enough.  Good wine from st. Supery, Elu.Overall not bad, just not great, but thought it had potential.
4	Atmosphere - CheckService - CheckWine - expensive but really good selectionBeet and goat cheese salad, overdesigned (stacked like a Christmas tree) but tasty.Chopped salad - Loved it!
5	I recently went to Pittsburgh for a conference and ate at Sonoma Grille.  Boy was I impressed!We had 8:30 reservations, so the walk to the restaurant was cold and dark.  I walked in and immediately felt a little warmer.  The walls are painted in warm colors with murals on some walls.  I felt like I was walking into a Tuscan or California restaurant.  (Though I do admit that it kind of reminded me of the Olive Garden, ugh.)  The restaurant was farm-to-table.  Everything was extremely flavorful and fresh.  Price-wise, it seemed reasonable for the portions and the quality of the food.When traveling, I always try to look for basic food (since I never know the quality of the restaurant.)  I saw the menu and went--huh?  Many of the foods mix flavors and ingredients that I would never think to combine.  For example, we had the pecan crusted haloumi--fried cheese that was encrusted with pecans and placed upon a bed of a jalopeno potato puree with mango avocado salsa in a blood orange reduction.  Like I said--Huh? That being said, I was incredibly impressed with all the food.  The pecan crusted haloumi was a favorite appetizer at the table.  We all tried to be polite and take small pieces of it, but I'm pretty sure any one of us would have been happy to devour the entire plate.  Similarly, the med plate, with hummus, feta, sun-dried tomato, and hearts of palm, quinoa tabbouleh, olives, and pita, was delicious.  The hummus was probably the best hummus I've ever had.The tempura shrimp was solidly good, though not as memorable as our appetizers.  Like I said, completely fresh.The time between our appetizers and entrees was a bit long, but the restaurant was packed with people from the conference.  I left completely full and happy.I can't comment on the quality or prices of the wines, but I noticed they had an impressive selection.  Highly recommend this place!
5	perfect relaxing after work get together with friends.  Had a fantastic Pinot Noir and some great flatbreads!  staff was attentive, friendly and deserving of a great tip.
3	Convenient for the hotel crowd, but can be crowded with theatre goers and a bit pricey for dinner.  The wine selection is amazing (they even have had Screaming Eagle).  The wait staff and bar tenders are mostly friendly and knowledgeable, but the place can get overwhelmed (I've had the wrong food delivered and slow service).  I stay at the hotels in the area, but seems that parking can be a problem.  Bottom line is if you don't mind the crowd and price, the food is consistently very good.
5	We just returned here for our second visit on New Year's Eve (our first visit was a NYE a few years back), and I'm just as in love with the place as I was before.  Sure, it's a splurge (which is why we only end up here on New Year's Eve), but it's a worthy splurge.This NYE, they had a prix fixe menu, in addition to a smaller-than-normal regular menu, but since we are samplers, we decided to each get the 5-course prix fixe so we could try as many things as possible.I love that a trip to Sonoma Grille is not just dinner, it's an entire event.  Our waitress, Barb, was fantastic - knowledgeable about the menu, and passionate about it too.  They had just introduced some new items, so the servers had recently done their menu taste-test, and to hear her describe everything was like being there in the room as each dish was sampled and explained.Sonoma Grille is regularly recognized as having one of the best wine selections in the city, and it's true.  The markup is a bit much, but again, you're paying for atmosphere and experience in addition to good California wines (I'd love to see a bit more Central Coast, as that's my favorite wine region, but the name is 'Sonoma,' so I give them a pass).  The staff can answer any question you have about the wine, which I really appreciate.We started with the 'Trio of Amuse' appetizer, which had a parsnip bisque (light and flavorful), some oysters (which weird me out a bit, I must admit), and a teeny tiny beef carpaccio that was perfect in every way.  It was just one little nibble, but it was an insane burst of flavor.  While we were enjoying our wine and appetizer, the bread server came around with a selection of four different kinds of bread.  Instead of an individual table serving being brought to your table, a server comes with a large basket and serves you a few pieces of your choosing, plus olive oil for dipping.  I don't know why, but I love this little unique aspect of this restaurant.For the larger appetizer (oh yes, two appetizers), we each got the jumbo lump crab and avocado plate.  This was gigantic - we could have easily split one between the two of us.  The crab pieces were huge, easily the size of garlic bulbs.  My only suggestion for this would be to have a few pieces of the crostini instead of just a little sliver at the bottom.  The actual plate was quite juicy, and the crunch of the crostini was a good balance.  Mmm, this was like crab guacamole, so in other words, amazing.My husband and I each got different salads.  He opted for the fois gras salad (which he loved, even though I was a bit too squeamish to sample it), and I got what I shall refer to as the pile 'o beets.  Anyone who knows me knows my love affair with beets, and this was just perfect.  Slices of beets interspersed with goat cheese and well-seasoned... wish I could eat that every day.  Not very 'salad-y' but heavenly nonetheless.There were five different options for entrees, but we both had our eye on only one thing: the filet mignon.  Oh. My. Word.  This steak was cooked to perfection - so tender and juicy that my mouth is watering just remembering it!  It came with garlicky whipped potatoes and broccolini (which I delicately pushed to the side - sorry broccoli, we're never going to be friends).  The portion was huge, and I had the second half wrapped up for lunch the next day.We were nearly too full for dessert, but had to make room to try the chocolate ravioli.  It's a little weird, and the texture is a bit chewier than I would have thought, but the flavor was excellent.  It came with a nice blend of raspberry and vanilla sauce for dipping, and was perfect alongside a steaming cup of coffee.All in all, we had another excellent experience.  Barb even offered to keep my leftovers in the fridge until after the midnight festivities, but I was afraid I'd forget in the massive crowd leaving downtown, so we walked it back to the car anyway.  I was not going to let myself miss out on a second meal of that filet in the aftermath of Pittsburgh fireworks lol.  This is one NYE tradition we plan on keeping for many years to come!
4	Since I have only been here for happy hour this is solely what my review is based on. I didn't try a full meal so I can only speak of their booze and appetizers.Speaking of booze and appetizers, can we talk about how much I love this place? I consider myself to be a penny pincher when it comes to dining so I will say it probably was a little more than I wanted to spend, but honestly I feel that it was worth it. Before I go into the caloric portion I really like the vibe and layout of the entire place. It has this mixed wine bar slash watery feel to it. It feels very comfortable when you're in there.I ordered one sangria after another because they were so good. Easily one of the best I've had. I was essentially using my fork to pick out the enormous hunks of fruit. I figured if I filled up on fruit maybe I'd spend a little less on food? Probably not...Anyhow I believe their marketing team says they have the best happy hour in the city or they've been voted that. I'm not 100% and although I'm not sure I COMPLETELY agree I will say I loved it. They had $5 tapas style foods which they offer. I'm not going to recommend any of them to you because you need to try them all. I was getting a little upset because they were gone so quickly. They need like extra large tapas or something.This is a great date place. Great happy hour spot if you want something a little more upscale than a dive bar. what's nice is they do have beer specials during happy hour so you don't have to have a taste for wine just to be there.Even though it's like 15 degrees right now I'm totally wishing I had a glass of sangria right now.
5	My husband and I ventured to Pittsburgh for my birthday weekend.  We have never been to this city (which is amazing by the way).  This restaurant happened to be near our hotel and we liked the menu, so in we went.  WOW!  We could not have picked a better place.  Our waitress Cindy was uber friendly and helpful.  Not only did she go through the menu and give recommendations but she also wrote down places we should visit while in Pittsburgh.  I started with the pear/beet/gorgonzola cheese salad which was wonderful.  My husband started with the seafood chowder and though he was disappointed that they ran out of bread bowls to serve it in, the girl who passed out bread gave him plenty for dipping. As for our entrees:  I chose the filet. It was the most tender filet I have ever had - and topped with the blue cheese and hearts of palm and the whipped mashed potatoes and broccalini (sp?) it was honestly a taste explosion in my mouth. My husband (a safe eater) chose a combo of chicken and filet.  I told him he shouldn't order chicken b/c I cook it all the time, but man, let me tell you, that was the most amazing chicken I have ever tasted!  Really.  His plate was served with stir fry veggies.  He is not much of a veggie eater but said, "I have never been so excited to eat vegetables!  Even the veggies were amazing! We both agreed that this was one of the best meals we have had. Ever.Go there.
5	A dining partner and I ate here not too long ago and it was excellent. The decor was nice and they had quite an extensive wine list as was expected from a place claiming to be a Pittsburgh restaurant modeled after a West Coast kitchen and wine bar.We started out with the tapas for two which consisted of 5 different appetizers that can be split among two people. The presentation of the dish was nice and it was a great way to sample a number of the chef's dishes. After that I had the chef's signature dish, the Crispy Indonesian Glazed Duck which was absolutely fantastic. My dining partner settled upon the salmon and crab cake from the Sonoma Mixed Grille and was also very satisfied with her selection.When all was said and done it was a wonderful dining experience and I am sure that we will be back soon. The only thing that I did not enjoy was the amount of time between the appetizer and entree dishes. It was not an exorbitant amount of time, just a bit too long, but it was offset by both a manager and waitress apologizing without even having to comment.
4	I absolutely love this place. I would definitely go with their 'tasting' menu that they offer so you could try a few of their dishes. Although I have had some dishes there that I didn't like (the ravioli) I would have to say most of my meals here are divine!The Osso Bucco is amazing. The veal.. so tender and juicy. The scallops, the lamb bruschetta, the crab tian.. all great.. you cant really go wrong here!I would say that they need to spend more time focusing on the side vegetables that they serve with your meal (osso bucco, etc.) as they come out overcooked and bland most of the time... but nevertheless- absolutely delicious!The veal is the best thing I've had there. I'd steer away from the duck and the ravioli.
4	I have been going to the Sonoma Grill for over a year now.  I am in love with the restaurant. First and foremost the wait staff are charming and attentive and always happy and smiling.  I love the entire feel of the restaurant, the dim lighting and large glass windows.  I have eaten at Sonoma Grill for lunch before work or on a lunch date with boyfriend.  Also I eat here at 5pm on Sundays and Saturday dinners before shows.  I would eat here every day. The menu items are pricey but well worth it.  I am huge fan of the tapas for 2. I love the attention of details and creativity in the flavor combinations. I would recommend trying the Wharfs Man claim chowder it's so rich and creamy.  I would also never pass on desert while dining here.  My boyfriend loves the bread pudding.  They once offered a dark chocolate creme brulee but sadly it's not on the menu any longer. No meal would be complete with out a glass of wine. The Sonoma Grill has over 300  selections , the wine list is endless, I love glass on zinfandel, if I am eating fish or beef. This restaurant is so inviting and the menu is fresh and delicious. Sonoma Grill also does a really cool seasonal menu in an attempt to promote local foods and sustainability.
5	If my taste buds hosted a "Best Pittsburgh Restaurant" contest, Sonoma Grill would be the dark horse candidate all my teeth were talking about.  A relaxed but classy atmosphere, brilliantly fresh ingredients, a knowledgeable waitstaff, and thematic consistency across the menu, wine list, and environment combine to create a Californian retreat inexplicably located--of all places--in a Pittsburgh Courtyard Marriott.From incredibly well executed standard items like a simple chicken sandwich to flashes of creativity like a shrimp tempura appetizer with a jalapeno-wasabi emulsion, the Sonoma Grill is great for lunch or dinner.  It's also one of the few restaurants in the city at this price point that I'd consider a bargain.  (The wine list is also impressive, with California front and center.)
4	For all of the foodies out there looking for a local oriented fresh restaurant, Sonoma Grille is your place. It may not be orginal to Pittsburgh, but their whole mission is to produce tapas styled-california themed dishes. Which brings me into their extensive very well perfomed wine list, that the servers are very on point with. Not all of their food is tapas styled, but their appetizers most definately are what we call TAPAS, and this is a restaurant that creates their own infused oil, and amuse bouche's for the some of you not getting an appetizer. The entire decor is California to a T, or from what I see on the movies at least, I have yet to travel out west. But from the decor, to the service to their food this is your california restaurant in Pittsburgh, and yes this an upscale restaurant and it is pricy but if you want a bang for your buck, this is the place you need to try.As for my night, there was a group of 8, and yes us smart culinary students did make a reservation. RESERVATIONS ARE RECOMMENDED, wherever you go. As somebody who has been a lead hostess, either take the time to make the reservation or quit your bitchin'. Back to my night we had one large round table which is great and easy to communicate with each other, I started off with a glass of Washington Riesling, and that's just my type of wine. I actually had two glasses. I decided not to over-stuff myself and wait for my main entree. We were served their amuse bouche for the night, which was a little toasted crostini with bruschetta styled tomatoes. (It was Bruschetta, who am I kidding?) You seriously can't mess up bruschetta in my mind. I had the toss up between the Asian style duck or the Lamb Osso Bucco. I decided to go with my least second choice and get the Lamb Osso Bucco, as I watched my friend devour the Asian style Duck, which I regretted not getting. Not that I didnt like my Lamb, because that was too on point, with different root vegetables then your original, as in rutabaga, and parsnips, etc.. and the lamb, fell right off the bone, perfect really, especially when you got some of that mouth watering fresh shaved parmesan cheese on top. However I REALLY wanted that dang duck. Which I did get to try my friends and can vouche for her devouring that plate, because I have yet to go to Sonoma and have BAD DUCK. I want it right now, it was that good, I love their duck. Running into the dessert, I told the waiter Eric, to suprise me. He returned with their orange and cranberry bread pudding. Can't go wrong with bread pudding ever. Especially theirs, candied orange peel, marmalade, and cranberries all over that bread pudding goodness. However their apple neapolitan, SAY WHAT! Should have gotten that, their layer of sour apple sorbet, tasted as if you were biting into a green bright juicy granny smith apple, their desset chef Kerri, has it goin' on. I am most definately a fan of Sonoma Grille and would recommend it to all non-foodies and foodies who can truly appreciate the difference in styles of food, culture and atmosphere, and a great time.
3	Pretty expensive for the value of food. Small portions. Great tapas appetizer. Great wine list. Not worth the money. Decor is very cheesy. Really fake flowers.
4	Sonoma Grille is 3.5 stars in my book. Grabbed a bite to eat before a show and glad we made reservations though they could only squeeze us in at 5:30. Our waiter was laid back with some zingers in during the whole meal. We liked him. Ordered the wild mushroom flatbread to share with the table and had the scallops for my entree along with two sparkling white wines. The whole meal was delicious though felt it was on the expensive side as I wasn't blown away per say. I would come back if someone wanted to go and give the SG another try.
4	Do yourself a favor and start with the Avocado and Crab Meat Tian. It's basically dressed up guacamole with crab meat and is incredibly light and refreshing. It's enough for two so split it before your meal. As an entree I ordered the pot roast ravoli and it was amazing. The roast really was croc-pot tender inside of four huge ravioli pieces in a tomato sauce. I could eat that 6 days a week and twice on Sunday. I chose to sit outside, but the place is roomy with ample bar seating. The wait staff is great too. I probably had someone check on me every 6 minutes, and my waitress picked a great pinot grigio to go along with my dinner. If you are visiting the area take your wallet. The menu is not insanely expensive, but most entrees are above $20.
4	Everything our table of 15 people ordered met with approval. Their crab salad is amazing so is the merguez bruschetta for an appetizer. For the main the duck was crispy and juicy but I am not a big sweet meat fan. The donuts were the perfect ending to a great meal. A good experience all around.
5	Outstanding food, extensive wine list and service that's attentive yet unobtrusive. In one word, heavenly.We are in town with our son who is competing in the INTEL ISEF 2012 International Science and Engineering Fair. Got off the plane, tired, checked into the hotel and looking for a quick place to eat. We walked by and saw the smiling happy people inside and thought to give it a try.We travel and have been to a lot of places and can't remember the last time everything came together like it did at Sonoma Grill.The 2007 Peju from Napa, a great Red. The Trefenthin (spelling?) a very nice Chardonnay.The Chiopino, the award winning duck and the mixed grill were made with some thought behind the flavors. The dipping sauces that came with the mixed grill were adventuresome and balanced. We don't usually eat dessert but ordered the chef's tasting and really enjoyed the creme brulette and the benyes.You can tell that the chef enjoys creating flavor combinations that are unique and satisfying.Long story short, we were having such a good time that we stayed past midnight (they close at 11:00) and the staff never rushed us and continued to take care of us until we were ready to leave. A class outfit all the way around. We'll be back!
4	Talk about an amazing wine list! So much wine, we didn't look at the dinner menu.The venue itself is large and inviting. The bar displays many of the wines they serve. You also have the option to sit outside if the weather is nice and you so desire.The wine menu has bottles ranging from $20 to $2,900 if you're in the mood to waste a few paychecks.The service was good here with frequent visits from the wait staff.
4	Impressive Sunday brunch from the top notch mimosa & bloody mary to the finishing desserts!  Everything worked, the flavors, the service and the live jazz.  Marvelous place to start your Sunday.
1	We recently visited Sonoma Grille before going to a play.  Hands down it was the worst service that I have ever received.  It took one hour and ten minutes to get our food.  The biggest issue was that the server and manager were down right nasty to us.  I mean nasty.  They did not charge us for dinner and offered us a gift card to go back- we didn't even take the gift card because we will never go back.  Same goes for Seviche and NOLA, their sister restaurants.
2	I really, really want to like this place because it is one of my boyfriend's favorite spots in downtown Pittsburgh, but ... I really, really don't like this place.The restaurant is a lot bigger than it appears from the outside with plenty of seating table wise. I hate how close the tables are to the bar, though. It doesn't seem to leave enough room when this place is busy, like during the gallery crawls.Everything I've eaten here I've always found to be sort of blah, as if there is something more that they could've done to it. It always varies, too - maybe more spice, a bit overcooked, etc. etc. The last time I visited my boyfriend ordered lo mein and vegetable stir fry with chicken and I got the lamb pot roast sandwich. Thank God the sandwich came open faced with mashed potatoes because the lamb was dry, dry, dry. The stir fry was cold as if it had been prepared and then left sitting for a length of time. Overall, it was a disappointing lunch.The only saving grace of this place, if you are a wine aficionado, is their extensive wine collection. It's huge and I have sampled quite a few of them. My boyfriend knows more about wine than I do and he always picks out something tasty. Sometimes we'll grab a bottle and just order some appetizers to munch on (the appetizers aren't anything special, either; shocking, I know). If you're downtown for an event and would like to grab a couple of glasses of wine, I definitely recommend Sonoma Grille over any other place downtown. If you're coming for the food ... eh, good luck.
1	DON'T VALET PARK YOUR CAR AT SONOMA GRILLE!!!$1, 700.00 worth of damage was done to our brand new Lexus while it was in the care of Sonoma's valet service. After several weeks of stalling and a bit of a runaround, they finally told us today will not take responsibility for the damage. Our nice Sonoma Grille dinner was transformed into a very bitter memory!
4	Sonoma Grille is one of the better spots that I've dined at in Pittsburgh. I should start by saying that I have dined here about 5 times, but only at dinner. Overall, I really like the place, but there are a few refinements that they could take on that would make the place a little better. Overall, the atmosphere and service are pretty good. The atmosphere isn't on the casual side, but not too stuffy either. I have experienced the occasionally inconsistent service experience, though. I loved Emily, at the bar--great attitude and excellent service. The restaurant offers an extensive wine list, with many by the glass, but their markup seemed little higher that many places. They also have a small selection (about 5) of microbrews on draft (with other selections in the bottle) that are appealing--not extensive in that regard, but enough to keep a craft beer drinker from going thirsty. Overall, I'd say the food is pretty good. Certainly a cut above, but not top of the line. One of the things that the restaurant boasts is that it uses local and sustainable growers and suppliers for its ingredients. A definite plus in my book. In everything that I have had here, the ingredients were definitely fresh and flavorful. I have had a few different items here and they have all been pretty good. My first time in I had the filet mignon, which was very good--mashed potatoes were great with that as well. I have also had the chicken and the salmon here, and all were pretty good. My one complaint about the food would be that they tend to overcook the meats a little--med-rare steak comes out more like medium; well-done does not need to mean cooked dry; that sort of thing. The service staff and management always strove to make it right, though, which is something you don't always find anymore. I have also had the stirfried vegetables on their mixed grill plate several times and they have always come out great--not too firm or too soft with great fresh flavor. Despite its few inconsistancies, overall Sonoma Grille offers a pretty solid dining experience. I definitely recommend a pop-in if you are travelling through Pittsburgh and are looking for a a pretty good bite paired with a great wine.
4	I've eaten at Sonoma Grille in Pittsburgh many times over the past five years and have always been pleased with the quality of food and service.  The decor hasn't changed over that time frame, but the food is what is important and it has always been excellent.  During my last visit there I had a lamb dish served as an open face sandwich with mashed potatoes and it was delicious.  I've eaten both lunch and dinner at Sonoma Grille and have been very pleased with both.  It's not too noisy either, even when full.
3	I ended up at Sonoma Grille last night after finding that Meat & Potatoes and Seviche were packed - I'm a big wine fan so this place was also on my radar.  I sat at the bar and have to say that Emily behind the bar who served me was fantastic and incredibly friendly even though she was not only serving patrons at the huge bar (along with one other colleague) but apparently also working the service bar which had a bunch of disgruntled waiters milling around complaining about how long their drink orders were taking.  After a while one of the managers stepped in and helped with the service bar but seriously, I'm not sure how you can expect 2 bartenders to serve dinner and drinks for 20+ people sitting at the bar as well as make/pour drinks for everyone else in this huge restaurant quickly.  Regardless, Emily kept a great attitude and was both friendly and helpful the entire time so kudos to her.In terms of the wine list, it's huge - and overpriced.  Each glass appeared to be above the wholesale price which I know is somewhat standard at many restaurants but I just feel is way too expensive for someplace focusing on wine which should have a good amount of volume.  As far as I'm concerned, you can have a huge and overpriced wine list if you have a fancy wine preservation system to guarantee everything that's served is perfect - unfortunately Sonoma Grille appeared to have nothing of the sort, just the rubber stoppers that you might use at home when you try in vain to suck out all the air with that little white gadget that barely does anything.  There were a couple higher priced glasses of Pinot Noir that I was interested in drinking but a) the price was just way too high and b) I had no confidence that the wine would be fresh and not oxidized.  Average marks on the wine & cocktail side but certainly nothing great.On the food, I had the Crispy Indonesian Glazed Duck - I mean, who doesn't like crispy duck?  It was cooked fairly well and served with a nice sauce as well as a few vegetables and cashews - overall a very nice and good tasting dish, but at $28 it's by no means cheap either.  I hope the other food is as good, the menu looks pretty good if a bit overpriced and I'll probably be back - just not nearly as much as I originally thought when I found this place online and was hoping it might be my go-to wine bar in Pittsburgh.
4	I am still just as pleased with Sonoma Grille as I was the first time a reviewed it.  I would say I am up to eating here twice a month, or as often as I can afford.On my latest  visit I requested the tapas platter for two, which had never been a problem for me to order for lunch before, but on this occasion I was told it was a dinner item and that I couldn't have it for lunch. I was pretty let down by this. What the Sonoma Grille offers for lunch is just not hearty enough for me. I like to EAT! not snack on salad. Anyway I know better next time though just to go for dinner.
4	This is a local favorite of mine that I visited for lunch.  I'd only ever had dinner there. Food was good, waiter was great, atmosphere was clean and warm and sort of. . . upscale casual.  My wife wanted someplace "quaint" to eat, but after visiting several quaint options. . . defaulted to an old standby.Old standby is a slap in the face.  We love Sonoma.  So we visit it more than most other nice restaurants.  Anyway, soft music playing in the background, a cold sauvignon blanc to compliment my vietnamese pork po-boy. . . it was a very nice lunch.
5	I love this restaurant.  It has slipped a little over the years and I do miss the chef's surprise dinner, but I still rank it tops.The place can get busy, but you are never rushed.  I love the atmosphere and of course the fine selection of wines, which everyone is more than eager to help you with.  Which for me is nice as I am in no way a wine expert.  Expect the proper wine to be paired with your meal.  Even desert!The food is exceptional and the menu changes often with the seasons.  The chef does a very fine job keeping it new.  Anytime we are in the Theater District or if we just want to go downtown for a special evening, Sonoma Grille always is on the list of things to consider.  Just make reservations.
5	So, by far the favorite place I dined in Pittsburgh.  Yes, they do have a great wine list, so order a bottle.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable on both wines, and buc's info.  Let's talk food.  Sonoma looks for locally grown fruits, veggies, and meat.  My meal was just fantastic.  Filet mignon, cooked to perfection, yum.  Also, appetizers are highly recommended.  Cheif sent out some tempura eggplant which was fantastic (I thought I did not like eggplant).  I order goat cheese, which had spicy jalepeno's.  What a great combo.  My friends had the tapa sampler, and were raving about it.  Highly recommended.
4	The Partner In Cuisine (PIC) have found ourselves dining at Sonoma Grille on occasion and each time, we have had an exemplary experience.  We try to patronize establishments that use locally grown, fresh ingredients and Sonoma doesn't disappoint.  The service and food are great, but get your wallet ready if you go for dinner because you will take a hit on the prices.  I also think that some of the salads are quite small for the price, but at least they are delicious.
5	Pear cider sangria to die for! Fabulous ambiance, and super nice knowledgeable staff. Killed 2 hours surfing net and drinking sangria, and wishing I was hungry. Will definitely eat here when I'm back through Pittsburgh!
5	The wait staff is ever so endearing.  I was dining here alone and my waiter went out of his way to carry on a  conversation with me.  I am conversationally akward but I appreciated the gesture none the less.
3	I had heard many good words for this place.  So I was attending a conference at the convention center and I decided to go there for lunch.  The place is very impressive and has a nice bar as well.  However, the food was not very impressive and the variety small.  Nevertheless, I have to say that it might be the lunch menu that has less variety.  I will have to try the dinner menu as well.
3	I went to Sonoma with a large group for a team dinner. We ordered for the table:-Tapas platter (the best were the divers scallops)-Wild mushroom flatbread (good toppings, tough flatbread)-Avocado and crabcake tian (basically like a tartare; I enjoyed it)-Green mango and curry crab cakes (yummy; curry is subtle but gives it a nice unusual kick)I ordered the cioppino, which was great but was somewhat underwhelming. Portion sizes are fairly generous. Scallops and mussels were fresh, but the market fish--salmon--was tough and uninspired. Pittsburgh has so many incredible restaurants doing interesting, inventive things. Sonoma is not one of them. In pursuit of more adventurous culinary experiences, I would not return here.
5	Best lunch every!  Ordered the delicious portabello mushroom sandwich with fries.  Its was delicious and served on a nice baguette with cheese and spinach.  The place has a huge selection of wine and nice selection of food.
5	I really wasn't expecting to like this restaurant but I'm glad I tried it. I went here with four other people after a Steelers game and was pleasantly surprised. The service was fantastic, the selection of food was extensive which is great. The have one of the best wine lists I've seen. I had the Sonoma Mixed Grilled with filet mignon and also the shrimp tempura over an Asian style mixed vegetables, both were fantastic. The filet was cooked perfectly and the tempura had a nice taste to it, the veggies were full of flavor and probably my favorite part. I actually enjoyed the wine I had so much that when I returned home I had to find out where they ordered it from so I can have it shipped to my house. The next time I'm in Pittsburgh I will be stopping here.
5	I recommend Sonoma Grille without reservation.  I have, as of this review, eaten lunch there three times, and each time the food has been amazing, the prices have been extremely reasonable, the portions have been just right, the meals have come out fresh and staggeringly quickly, and the wait staff has been friendly and knowledgeable.  The decor is gorgeous, the tables are neither too close to nor too far from one another (there's plenty of seating away from the bar), and it really is, TARDIS-like, bigger on the inside.  Now, normally, I like to recommend particular dishes.  I'll do that here, but understand that the Sonoma Grille menu changes with some frequency (it has done so once since the first time I ate there about six weeks ago).  If these things are still on the menu, I recommend the Pittsburgh Chopped Salad (so named, I believe, because of the crispy shoestring potatoes on top of it), the Amish Chicken Breast with fetuccine, the panko fried shrimp appetizer (which is what popcorn shrimp wants to be when it grows up - crispy on the outside, tender on the inside, and spiced to perfection), and the sweet & spicy salad.  You can add a protein to any of the salads - for the PGH salad, I added salmon, and for the sweet & spicy one, I added chicken breast.  Every time I've eaten there, I've been blown away.  And I haven't even checked out the wine menu yet!!
2	This place overreaches. The Sonoma burger was ridiculous. All show. Uninteresting to eat.  Tres pretentious.
5	Again, had dinner before heading to one of the musical events at Heinz Hall.  Our waiter and supporting staff were very professional and helpful.  They guided my party to choose a great set of dishes.We had the wine flights that my wife and I had instead of a bottle was a great choice.  The duck, study of pork and tenderloin kabobs were great.Sonoma is my preferred go-to establishment in the golden triangle.
4	Just had lunch there. The food was pretty good. The best part about the restaurant was the atmosphere, music and server. The server was exceptional and attentive. The music was great and I found myself singing to several songs.
3	I have traveled the country for the last 10 years for business and often ask for coworker recommendations for restaurants. Sonoma Grille was highly recommended, so we were happy to try it out! The food was impeccable; delicious fare, perfectly paired. We started our evening with a bottle of sparkling wine for the table (4 ladies).  We had planned on switching to wine, but decided to stay with the sparkling wine. Even though they didn't have our requested bottle (Valentines Day cleared them out), they brought a comparable bottle. When we requested a second bottle, they thought bringing out Andre as an equivalent would suffice. Absolutely not. The overall experience was nice, but I can't get past them offering Andre. It was insulting, to say the least. We did not order a 2nd bottle. Or dessert. We went elsewhere for that.
5	This is where I did Darren's birthday dinner, and oh my was it amazing. Our server Julia was so awesome. To think we only came here because Seviche (Sonoma's sister restaurant across the street) was totally booked! Everything we had from the crabmeat avocado tian, arancini, and my pan seared diver scallops (which came with pork cheek, yum!) to the maple bacon butter bread and the gingerbread and chocolate hazelnut finale was well worth the price. Darren and I had a great time. Don't be put off by the ambience if you're a casual dresser. We asked and they had no problem with our informal attire or our unplanned arrival. They get the theater crowd, so it looks dressy when it really isn't. 5 stars all the way!
5	I was not expecting this to be as good as it was, and so I went twice while I was in Pittsburgh for three days.  The wine list is terrific, as you might expect.  The food was interesting and yummy.  The bartenders and servers were friendly, which is not always the case when you're a solo diner.  I will visit here whenever I'm in town.
5	Great evening at Sonoma Grille last night. It was crowded before the evening's plays but they fit us in without a reservation. We had a Tapas dinner with many excellent options, and shared a crispy duck entree. Service was fantastic. Our waiter (and even the busboy!) were very well informed about the menu and guided us to a great set of appetizers and a wonderfully paired wine.  Total bill was expensive, largely driven by a splurge on the wine, but not unreasonable for the quality of food, ambiance, and service. Would definitely recommend it to my friends.
1	Awful service and mediocre food. Going in and going out were terrible experiences due to folks that have no clue about promptness or how to speak to people. Sandwiched between fatty steaks, bland bacon dishes (how do you pull that off?) and stale desserts.
4	I came here twice in one day. Yes it sounds creepy and weird, but it was Easter and nothing else was open in wonderful Pittsburgh.The service was excellent, so this review is for the food. I had the mixed grill first - salmon, filet and ahi (all medium rare) over the stir fry. At $33 I have to say it was worth every penny. I was starving and each of the three meats came in generous portions cooked to perfection. My second encounter was with a burger which was maybe a 3 at best. I would not recommend the burger! The Sonoma decor made me feel like I was close to home in the SF Bay again - I will be back to both!
5	Dined here with my sister during her visit to Pittsburgh. Wine list was amazing. Service was excellent- actually some of the best service I've ever experienced. Food was top-notch, both classic and inventive. A bit pricey but totally worth it. Great for a special occasion.
5	Do yourself a favor, sign up for Big Y's mailing list and hook yourself up with their periodic deals.In our case, the fiancee and I received a promo for a discounted "chef's table" good at Sonoma Grille or Seviche.  For once we had a Sunday open, and considering Seviche isn't open then, the choice was clear.The place was about 1/3 full for dinner service (likely blame the integrated hotel being empty prior to the weekly business rush).  We presented our offer, and after a quick verification with the manager (chef's table isn't listed on the menu), our server happily asked if we had any allergies/dietary preferences and took our drink order.What ensued can only be described as a gastronomical heroics.  Each of us received a complementary "tasting" (chicken salad on grilled pita), an appetizer (pork belly polenta), a first course (portabello mushroom risotto), a second course (16 coffee rubbed rib eye with potatoes and greens), and dessert (1 was a carrot cake cheesecake and the other...  wait for it...  a triple bacon chocolate cake with a Rogue Mocha Porter reduction.  Yeah.).The service was fantastic, the wine pairings were great, and the chef personally coming out on two occasions to see how we were doing made the night (I'd assume this wouldn't happen on a busy night).
3	I came in for dinner and a drink during my Pittsburgh stay.  The bartenders were great, very friendly and knowledgeable.  The food (I got the tapas for two) was good, nothing great or spectacular though.
5	We came before a play for dinner and were in a bit of a rush. They sat us right away and the whole staff was very friendly. Our server, Sid, was accommodating to us being in a hurry and very knowledgable about the menu. The food was amazing. I had their onion cheese pasta dish and it was superb. My friends shared the duck and it was wonderful as were their salads. This place is perfect for a casual dinner or fancy dinning, although it is appropriately pricey.
5	Hubs and I joined a friend at Sonoma Grille on a recent Friday evening. The weather was beautiful so the outdoor seating was full but inside was half empty. We were greated right away by our server who helped us pick out our drinks. We ordered the med plate while we waited for our dining companion. The med plate was quite interesting. A small plate of olives, hummus, beet "dip", and a quinoa salsa of sorts with pita bread. The olives didn't seem to fit in but we enjoyed them anyway. Hubs and I thoroughly enjoyed the quinoa with the chopped veggies. Yum. When our entire party had arrived, we ordered our entrees. I chose the sonoma salad to start and the mixed grill- one selection- grilled chicken with fettuccini with a tomato basil sauce. The salad came out promptly. I loved the added crisp and fresh taste of the julienne pear on top. The dijon dresing was light on the mustard and tasted more like an italian. Oh, I almost forgot. We were also given an amuse bouche of asparagus in an italian dressng which I passed on because I'm not an asparagus fan. The rest of the table enjoyed it. Our entrees arrived promptly. I wanted to make not of the prompt service due to previous reviews where wait time between courses was excessive. From my experience, Sonoma seems to have addressed this issue. My entree exemplified the basics done right. Grilled chicken breast was tender and juicy. Cooked to perfection. The pasta had to be homemade. If they don't make it at Sonoma, they must buy it from somewhere local that makes it. The perfect amount of sweet yet savory sauce covered the pasta. In addition to our entrees, our server brought out all of their sauces for us to try. We especially enjoyed the thai peanut sauce and the ginger glaze. Hubs and our friend both ordered the mixed grill two selections- the filet kabob and the ahi tuna. The loved both equally. Having had such an awesome meal, we couldn't pass up dessert. We decided to order the trio of minis. Mini is an appropriate word because each of the trio consisted of 2 small bites. Not enough for us to share so we each decided on one. I took the vanilla panna cotta with peach compote. All in all, the food was excellent, service as top notch and I hope to go back soon.
5	I've been going to Sonoma Grille since it opened years ago. It's as close to a "can't miss" restaurant as you'll find in Pgh.
3	Pretty good.  A bit noisy, but the food is always good and the service is friendly.  Really good wine list.  Convenient for business dinners.  Could be cleaner.
5	We were passing through Pittsburgh and  made reservations here based on reviews. We weren't disappointed. We couldn't decide on a bunch of apps or an entree. Server told us to have an app and take our time. Ended up with a couple of apps, shrimp and gnudi, and split the salmon, which was really fresh and delicious. The staff couldn't have been nicer, from the hostess, server, manager. If I'm ever in Pittsburgh again, I would go back.
4	I was staying at the Marriott hotel next door and they recommended Sonoma so I went there for dinner.  I returned again for lunch the next day and then dinner again that night!  That's how much I enjoyed it.  Unique food combinations, great service, cool atmosphere and a reasonable price.  I will definitely return here the next time I am in Pittsburgh
5	I really enjoyed going here. The atmosphere, energy, service, food...all very, very good. For dinner, I split the tapa appetizer along with the mushroom flatbread with my friend. We also had a samore martini (we each had our own).. Yum! Except for the grren olives they put in the mushroom flatbread, I thoroughly enjoyed the appetizers. Each one of the five tapas were so precisely made with great presentation and combination of flavors.Kids grilled cheese was the best. Fries were great. Chiken tenders tasty. Chicken sandwich was good too. Waiter was very polite and communicated with the kids in such a pateint manner. I was so impressed with everything here. I can't wait to go back!
3	Well, there went that high.I'm going to downgrade Sonoma to a (3), simply because our first experience there was enough to make me hold on to some glimmer of hope.  Unfortunately, when a large group of friends decided to get brunch there a few Sundays ago, it blew a hole through my previous high regards.Sonoma again was relatively empty (odd for the booming Sunday brunch trend in PGH), so service shouldn't of been a concern.  Unfortunately the trend quickly became empty water and mimosas.Relative to the food.  Sonoma enforces a two or three course brunch selection that represents your standard Sunday morning fare.  The wife's crab cake benedict was forgettable, and my key lime french toast (at the server's recommendation) more or less tasted like strait sugar with no lime in sight.  The most disappointing part of the entire experience was the hype we all built towards the smores dessert crepes, only to realize they were almost inedible (no one at the table finished them).  When a serve admits that they're horrible (after the fact...  thanks), you know there's a growth opportunity.I'll give it a show for lunch maybe, but it'll definitely be awhile until I'm back....  bummer.
4	Unlike other newer, trendier restaurants on the other side of Penn Ave. (e.g., Salt of the Earth), Sonoma Grill focuses on: food & people first, and getting into your wallet later.That is to say, it  is not cheap - but it is worth it.  We have eaten here twice, and it has been consistently good, with a few excellent surprises.  Moreover, we have been TREATED well, and unlike the cocksure chef at SOTE, who thinks he knows better than you, the chef here comes out to discuss his experiments, get feedback, and then revise based on what the CUSTOMERS think.Finally, you actually get some food on the plate, so you won't pay $100 to leave hungry.  You will, however, probably pay $100--especially if you get an app and a couple of drinks.  BUT--you will also get: bread; often an amuse-bouche for free; and when we were there, we debated and then decided against a dish with a pork belly side... the waiter hearing this brought over a little pork belly to taste for us for free!And the food is between good and great--and consistent.  The atmosphere is upbeat and friendly.  This is our favorite 'spend a little more restaurant' in Pittsburgh.
4	Had the Med Platter, the hummus was just ok, but the olives, tabbouleh and beet with yogurt were awesome
5	As far as a wine list is concerned, Sonoma has one of the BEST in the city.  Indisputable.  In my opinion the food is equally exceptional. To the extent possible the food is local and organic.  Quality and presentation are exceptional. The fare is certainly for a slightly sophisticated taste but not too uppity to be annoying for regular  folk.  Al fresco brunch on a sunny day may be one of my favorite experiences.
3	Had dinner outside here on one of the last beautiful summer-to-fall nights. Located in the cultural district, it was a nice place to sit & watch people go by. The wine list had enough to offer.  Food was good. I had their duck & it was cooked perfectly. The chocolate bar dessert did not disappoint. The service was great.
4	Our first time there, we were looking for a relaxing dinner before the symphony. The service was excellent, the waitstaff knowledgeable and the food delicious. Next time I will order less! The fish chowder was as good as a chowder I got earlier this fall in a Maine restaurant. tI would have been enough in itself. The mixed grill with filet and salmon on a bed of grilled vegetables was excellent. Next time, I will order only one - probably the filet. I have not ordered beef in years - and this was a good reminder of how good it can be! Oh yes, there will be a next time!
3	Overpriced, slow, and undercooked vegetables. The pasta was the only highlight. Good atmosphere.
2	We had both lunch and dinner here Saturday as we were staying in the Marriott next door and it was so convenient.  Also, the lunch was good, making the dinner decision seem easier.  The Bistro Salad with Grilled Chicken was good at lunch; the earth didn't move, but it was pleasant and hit the spot.  My son liked his hamburger, my wife didn't complain about her sandwich.  But dinner.....  What is with waiters' and busboys' insane desire to grab every plate that is less than half full of food??  And when you have to interrupt your meal to say don't take that plate, I am still eating that food that you can see on it -- and when you have to do this at least TWICE!! -- I feel ashamed that I left a normal tip.Without the decent lunch (later than normal time, so the restaurant was not crowded), this would be a one-star review.  My dinner entree of Mixed Grill was disappointing.  I guess I should have let those guys take it away!  The vegetable stir-fry was pathetic -- tasteless, undercooked, dullsville.  The filet chunks were fine and the mushrooms.... well, if I have to describe mushrooms, it could not have been a very inspiring dinner, could it?  The waitstaff needs a reeducation class.  But the buck should stop where it belongs, at the restaurant manager.  Get to work, buddy!  Think about your customers, not your dishwasher.
4	I dined out at Sonoma with a few work colleagues and we all had a great meal, and a nice dining experience. There were a few lows, but mostly highs!Pro's:Great wine list.  Nice atmosphere, a good bit of noise, but nothing out of the ordinary. The sweet and spicy salad was amazing.  I didn't notice it being spicy, but that didn't bother me in the least. The pistachios added a great crunch to the dish. The appetizer sampler was outstanding as well. Very well prepared and presented tapas, and it was more than enough for four (despite what the server recommended!). The Study of Pork was as creative as its name!  Unlike most fine dining dishes, this was an ample dish.  Pork Belly, Mimolette Grits, Quail Egg, Parma  Pancetta, Stout Braised Local Pork Butt, Sourdough French Toast, Bacon, Local Apples.  What's not to like?  And it won't leave you hungry. I would get that again, no question about it. Con's:There was no wait to get seated, but it took a good 10+ minutes to get someone to stop by and check in with us. The server was very bubbly and friendly, but a bit too pushy for my liking. She probably assumed we were running a company tab, so she tried multiple times to add items to our bill...pita chips, an extra round of appetizers, trying to get us to pick a wine that was more expensive. She probably also assumed we wouldn't have the nerve to say no, but we did. I think being a helpful server to provide recommendations is one thing. To blatantly try run up a tab is another. Very nice decor. However, some of the tables are very close, so it almost feels like you're sitting with strangers.
5	Awesome meal.    We had James as our waiter, very knowledgeable, his suggestion were spot on.  Try the pumpkin roll bread pudding!
5	I've been almost three years in US. There have been only a few times that I truly enjoyed my meal. My experience in Sonoma definitely was one of them.
5	This place is nothing short of being AWESOME. Great service all around. The bartenders are very knowledgeable about all the wines that they have. They have 300 wines so if you like wine this is the place to go. The food is great here. It's expensive so don't go here unless you want to spend some money. A lot of CEO and business owners go here I've noticed from the times that I've gone and talked to some of the people beside me at the bar. Majority of people the people that go here dress up and I mean with dress shirts ties, suit jackets and the ladies with dresses or nice skirts. I cannot say enough good things about this place it's my favorite place to go in all of Pittsburgh for fine dinning.
3	Walked in here since it was right next to my hotel.The appetizer selection is upscale but not very, well, appetizing. The burger I went for was fine, and the bun looked artisan but tasted bland. The highlight if my meal was the cocktail menu, which, unlike the entree, lived up to the price point. Even then though, the drink was somewhat weak.Overall the place is fine, the ambiance outpacing the food, but is much too expensive for an eatery in Pittsburgh.
4	Company Christmas Party. Had a Clementini first which was average. Wine rookie so I asked the staff for suggestions. All wines suggested by staff were very good, although I wish they would of given me a brief description of what I was getting. Got to try a few varieties of their tapas. The flat bread, pulled pork, crab cakes, and the cucumber-wasabi filet were all amazing.Atmosphere in banquet room was adequate. Dining room and bar seemed much nicer.  Not sure if I would seek out Sonoma Grill again against other competition in the area, at least for now.
4	Had some seriously amazing service here. The food was very good, appetizer and dessert were the best part. The entree was good. I had the lamb pasta stuff. I was trying to try new things but was just reminded I don't love lamb...not their fault-mine. I don't award it five stars yet because I was part of a preplanned special bachelorette party which was great but I'd like to try it again as a regular customer with my husband who I sure will love it.
5	Wow wow wow the scallops were to die for!!!! The Sonoma salad was not too shabby either... Pittsburgh, I'll be back!
2	We ate here last night.  The food is not good and they are understaffed.  Sonoma is consistent with the other restaurants from this group, Nola, Seviche.  I will go back for drinks.  The wine list is extensive but the food is poor. Get a glass of wine and eat soemwhere else.
4	Great restaurant with friendly knowledgeable staff. Jay was my server and Eric the bartender. Both were excellent. Met a couple of the managers of whom were top notch, don't remember their names though. A must have on their dinner menu is the Cioppino!
5	Eric made us drinks and fed us dessert.What a bartender!  He noted he had taken a mixology class earlier in the day and wow, did it inspire him!  Four of our group got custom cocktails. We were wildly impressed.Also, dessert was killer. Maple creme brulee, NOM.We will be back!
4	My friend and I had a most enjoyable dinner at Sonoma Grill before the theatre, beginning with an upbeat friendly greeting. The room was subtley lighted helping us relax into a new atmosphere after fighting the cold outside.  The wines we selected, with a suggestion by our knowledgable waiter were perfect for our menu sections and the appetizer "nudie" freely offered was a taste treat. The short walk to the theatre and parking was the perfect way to help digest an excellent dinner. We will return again!
3	Had to ask for bread which didn't arrive until I was half done with my meal.Red pepper flakes never showed up.I ordered Cauliflower soup and a tofu on vegetable stir fry. Soup was great. Entree was meh. Tofu was almost tasteless. There are many better ways to use tofu. Food takes forever to show up. Bread pudding was chewy. They did discount my bill without me saying anything. Thumbs up to the manager.
5	Four of us had dinner at the Sonoma Grill before a show last night.  First a couple of notes:  1) this is an upscale establishment, but casual attire is fine and the place is very comfortable and welcoming.  2)  Ever go to a restaurant and every delivery from the bar or kitchen results in conversations ceasing so that you can juggle contents of the tabletop to accommodate everything?  Not here.  Love that. Now for the taste bud party:  Pear Sangria.  Nice and light and a great intro to the tapas appetizer:  two of each:  scallops (good), shrimp (nothing special), pot stickers / croquettes / pork belly w/tamarind sauce (all fantastic).  We each had a different main course.  I had the Crispy Indonesian Glazed Duck.  It was spectacular and a really large portion - enough to share, served over risotto cakes with mixed grilled veggies.  Hubby had the Mixed Grill and chose the kabob and mango crab cake.  He loved it and could barely finish his meal.  Veal Saltimboca was a lovely presentation, the gnudi was the draw for our gnocchi lover and report was that it was very good.  Study of Hog was the fourth meal.  Notable:  one of the 'studies' was served with pepper spatzle and topped with a quail egg.We had to decline desert - hard to do considering they had a RumChata something-or-other.Our server was Cindy and, although they were very busy, she tended to us as though we were guests in her home - engaging and offering information and tips on the menu and origin of the local foods, contributing greatly to the overall great dining experience which we all agreed would need to be repeated.Oops!  Almost forgot the Amuse-bouche! - Tiny little Sonoma Grill PBJ bites served between the Sangria and Tapas...  PB was cashew and J was four berry.  Single little attention grabbers to get your focus on flavor.  Well, they were very effective, as our bouches were highly amused the entire visit!
5	Valentine's Dinner was amazing. Service was awesome. I wish I could have tried the whole menu. The salad was great and I had the onion cannelloni which was amazing. I was so full though that I couldn't finish it. The table next to us had the flounder for two and it looked great. This place is wonderful for a date night.
5	In a word - OUTSTANDING!! From John the manager to Eric to Jessica to Amber to the servers & hostess whose names we didn't catch, everybody there is welcoming and friendly. The food is outstanding. My wife loved the diver scallops & I especially enjoyed the mixed grill w'/fabulous dipping sauces. Also loved the smoked salmon pierogi. Did I mention we went on Valentine's Day w/no reservation & they squeezed us in, treating us like old friends. Loved it so much we went back the next night! Great wine list & great location. Definitely recommend & will be back next time we hit Pittsburgh!
5	We ate here last night and I was SO impressed.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but everything from our bottle of wine to our entrees was amazing.  We started with the croquettes for our appetizer and they were delicious.  I got the Study of Hog which is pork served three different ways and I couldn't pick a favorite they were all so good.  My boyfriend got the scallops with salmon pierogies which were also great.  Our server, James was so personable and made the experience even better.  We told him we were celebrating a belated valentines day and gave us our appetizer on the house! We will definitely return here.
4	Great wine list and a good twist on traditional dishes. Recommended!
3	Not sure why this is listed as a tapas restaurant.  I would say they have a few appetizers, but hard to classify it as a tapas restaurant.I saw that it was 4 stars on YELP, so decided to give it a try.  The menu didn't excite me and was with a colleague who considers himself a big foodie, and he felt the same.  The waitress was pushing beets...beet soup, beet salad.  Not a big fan of beets though, so ordered the Mixed Grill.  You get a choice of 3-5 meats (I had filet skewers and ahi), served over pasta or mixed asian stir fry veggies (I chose the latter) and a choice of about half a dozen dipping sauces.  I must say that it was tasty, and if I went back, would order it again.  Mainly because nothing else on the menu really jumped out at me.They do have a good wine selection, and the prices are reasonable.
5	We were visiting Pittsburgh from out of town and this was close to our hotel. The service was wonderful- our waitress was amazing! She gave us great suggestions with wine pairings. For an appetizer we got Scratch Gnudi-- SO YUMMY! I had the filet and my husband had the duck. Both were superb! Everything was fresh and made to perfection!
4	The first thing I noticed about the place was the ambiance- despite the size of the restaurant, it maintained quality atmosphere- very romantic, quiet, and sophisticated. I went to Sunday brunch with a girlfriend of mine . I made reservations day of on a gorgeous Sunday morning and we were seated immediately. It wasn't too crowded and there was a live jazz band which we were impressed by. Our server Phil was incredibly amazing. Next to our cruise my family and I went on when I was a child, I honestly cannot recall the best service I have had with Phil- he explained the menu in such detail and helped us make our ultimate decision of ordering the two course from the brunch menu as well as his recommendation of getting the Benedict. He was extremely friendly and accommodating- I also work downtown in one of the finer restaurants and Phil out did many of the servers where I work at. We got talking about deserts and he introduced me to one of the pastry/desert staff that morning- her name is Kaitlin if I remember correctly. I appreciated her coming out to see me and talking to her was an honor because her donuts and desert crepes were mouth watering Delicious! I would most definitely go back! The only reason for the four star is that the portion size was a bit small, it was certainly enough but slightly disappointing.
4	We stayed in pittsburgh over Easter weekend and ended up having two meals here because the food and atmosphere were great. Chef tries to incorporate a farm to table California feel into the menu which makes the dishes fresh and interesting. They also have a good selection of wine. It was nice to be able to sit outside because the street was quiet.
4	Late night happy rocks. The crab Blt was amazing. I would come back just for that. The wagyu beef was delicious. The onion soup was terrible on all levels. It was worse than a cafeteria version in your grade school or hospital cafeteria!However, great spot to grab a drink and some good food, especially with the happy hour discount. Great place to go for happy hour, early or late... Prime locale, nice staff, dig it. If we had not ordered the onion soup would have been a higher rating!!Sully was an awesome server, super nice and informative and compted the soup!! So dig it even more.
4	My family and I had recently eaten at Sonoma for brunch. The service was excellent and our waiter was professional. They had an impressive wine and beer list that was appealing to everyone at my table. I could certainly see myself dining here again.
5	Great food! Ask for James, he's amazing and takes customer service to the next level. Everything from the salad to entree are amazing!
3	I came here for a business dinner, and was generally happy. The atmosphere was absolutely perfect for any occasion. The staff was well meaning (albeit wordy) and the valet parker showed up (albeit late).I was surprised at some of the menu choices. I didn't think I'd be savoring venison and gnudi at a Californian wine bar tapas steakhouse. Eclectic, yes, ok.My gnudi appetizer and my venison entree were both supremely over-salted. And I loooooove salt! There is great potential here, but the salt shaker ruins it. Otherwise, great flavors, maybe a little stringy venison, and delicious warm bread with herb butter.
3	We were here on the Pittsburgh marathon weekend. Place was not crowded inside but the inefficiency of the wait staff to make tables available, made a huge crowd waiting outside. Half the menu was over/out, perhaps due to the demand on the marathon Sunday (can't they anticipate that and adjust the inventory?!).. Wait staff was so so. Good was not bad.
2	Went to Happy Hour here with a friend yesterday.  I had heard it is one of best places for happy hour downtown.  We were seated and given water promptly.  I asked a staff person what was featured for happy hour.  She said that happy hour is only available "at the bar and on the tile floor." and walked away.  Whoops, we were on carpet.  ...and she didn't answer my question.  We asked to be reseated (on the TILE FLOOR), which our server did quickly and graciously.  The happy hour food is "half price plus a dollar" which feels like they are nickel and diming me, so I didn't get food.  We ordered wine, which turned out to be $7 each.  More than we expected as we understood happy hour wines were $4, but definitely not outrageous.  An observation from our table on the tile floor near the window was that a party seated outdoors waited so long for service that they left.  All I did was drink wine.  And I liked it.  But I can't comment on the food.  I don't think I'll go back because this experience was pretty poor.
2	The food was great, but the waitstaff needs some training.Party of four-- 2 women and 2 men, went there for brunch around 1:00 yesterday.  I would guess there were only about 15 tables that had patrons seated at them throughout the restaurant (both inside and outside).  We were seated outside, half of our party able to sit out of direct sunlight under the awning while the other half of us figured we'd just tolerate the sun.  More on this in a minute.The hostess handed us menus and started talking about how she might be our server or it might be someone else.  She repeated it a few times, which was a little strange to me.  This is supposed to be upscale dining, right?  As a customer, I don't think I should be made privy to any processes or issues pertaining to which server's turn it is to take a table.  Hand me my menu and whenever the staff figures it out, whoever can come introduce him or herself as our server.  I can almost guarantee no customer is going to reply to a hostess serving them with:  "What?  You seated us!  You can't POSSIBLY be our server too!  This is an outrage!  Let's leave right now!"Our server was a little weird.  At first I thought maybe she was on drugs-- she was friendly enough and smiled, but she had no enthusiasm and moved and spoke really slowly.  Maybe it's her first serving job and she was really nervous, I don't know.When drinks were ordered, I ordered last and said: "I'm so thirsty, could I please have some water with ice?" and she started telling me about their water filtration system and how it chilled the water and if she gave me ice it would be REALLY cold, would that be okay?  Perhaps that's part of her job to make sure as a customer I understand that ice will make water colder (!!!), but it was really awkward and I had JUST said I'm very thirsty and was sitting in direct sunlight.  I realize a glass of water is the last thing a server wants to bring a guest, but come on, if you're making it difficult for me to order a glass of ice water on a hot summer day, you need to examine your customer service skills.The food RUNNER was excellent.  She served the ladies first (sorry, I'm a bit old school in my dining habits) and offered to open the awning further so the entirety of our party was in the shade.  The food runner did this.  So, back to our seating expereince-- as we were being seated and trying to scooch the table out of the sun under the awning (without disturbing other patrons) and the HOSTESS was seating us, it never occurred to the hostess to open the awning further to make us more comfortable?  (By the way, it's a motorized awning, all the food runner did was push a button.)  I had the tofu scramble.  It was wonderful.  The potatoes were a little spicy for my liking, but I'm a wuss when it comes to spiciness.  My fellow diners ordered the crab cakes, the burger, and one of the Father's Day brunch specials, which I believe was turkey.  Everyone at the table was pleased with their food.And not to my surprise, our server didn't check back on us until 2 out of the 4 of us were done with our food, and then we waited a long time to get our bill, and waited a long time for her to come pick up the payment.So, again, to sum up:  Good food, but for an upscale establishment, the wait staff falls short.
4	Had a very nice dinner here for 3 couples.  Food and service was excellent.  Asparagus soup de jour was the highlight.
4	I had a date night with the wife this past Saturday and we had a fun time at Sonoma Grille. It helped that the kids were home and we could sit back and just enjoy ourselves.First, a congrats to James our server and his partner. They were attentive, gave guidance and were thorough. This was our third time with James and he has a booming voice and we went with what he suggested. I ordered a bottle of merlot, "6 Clones" and I encourage everyone to buy wine here. A huge selection. I like the presentation when they open it too. ;)We both had soups. I enjoyed the cream of asparagus with cauliflower and the W went with the Fisherman's Wharf Chowder. They were both awesome but I think she had the better one. I enjoyed the Crispy Indonesian Glazed Duck which was a cool mix of flavors. I'm not a huge risotto fan but this hit the spot. My wife went with the special. I can't remember the name but it was a lobster and lamb dish. I thought mine looked better but she insisted on me trying hers and it did not disappoint.  Try to add this place to your nice dinner rotations. It is definitely worth the stop.
2	My family went to Sonoma Grill for brunch expecting a good meal since we love Seviche and NOLA and have heard good things about Sonoma. We were very disappointed by the food we were served. For the most part, the food tasted good. However, my mother ordered lamb which was flattened and about 1/3 the size of my palm, and was tough and chewy. I wasn't expecting large portions by any means, but for the price we paid and what we were served, I will not be coming back. The service and atmosphere were great, but I hope my experience is not one commonly encountered by other customers.
1	I am very sad to report that our service was poor for Sunday brunch. We waited over 45 minutes for a meal that was eaten in about 15 minutes, as it was a simple order. The restaurant was fairly empty, so crowds were not the issue that affected service. The food was very good, and I would go back again in hopes of better service.
3	We will looking for some atmosphere. We drive by, place looked busy outside so we yelped and decided to go in. We were seated quickly and very nice waitress came over to start the night. Great wine list but very overwhelming. Not cheat. Appetizers we good. The naan was good but avocado and lump crabmeat tower  was awesome a must. Then we ordered the grille with a choice of different 1-2-3 skewers. Not bad but not worth the charge $$. The entertainment was fun. Wait staff dropped a few glasses at different times to keep us alert.  Service was great.
4	It's busy tonight! Still a good place to eat alone at the bar and a local regular at the bar has made the rest of us single eaters very comfortable.
5	The crispy duck was outstanding, service was perfect. Our waiter offered suggestions when we asked and his recommendations were right on each time. The vanilla bean cheesecake was simply awesome.
5	The special was amazing. My favorite was the mini dessert. Excellent outdoor dining experience!
4	My coworker and I dined here last night after I mentioned that I had not left the hotel (except for subway) last time we were in town.  I was so pleased! Our server was so friendly and knowledgable about the menu.  He practically had it memorized! It was also obvious that he was passionate about his job and loved the food he served.  I essentially ordered only what he suggested, and he did not lead me wrong!I had 2-servings of the mixed grille, with salmon and a crab cake over fettuccine.  The fish was perfectly done, full of flavor, and was perfectly complemented by the sides.  The place is a little pricey, but it was a nice treat after such a hard week.  I think it would be a great place for special occasions since it has a dimly-lit and romantic ambiance.
3	Weekday lunch trip to Sonoma Grille on the boss?  Sign me up.  I had been to Sonoma Grille several years ago for dinner and vaguely remembered the place.  Much to my surprise, almost nothing had changed!  The interior looked exactly the same as I had remembered it.  The service was prompt and courteous as expected, and the menu offered and interesting selection of lunch and pseudo-breakfast dishes, including chorizo.  Everyone in our party was satisfied with their meal, although the fish tacos looked extremely watery to me, with liquid dripping out of each taco.  Not exactly my kind of fish taco.The portions were a bit on the small side, including the piece of salmon I got in my salad, but again, that's kind of expected here.  Overall, it was a pleasant lunch, with everyone satisfied but not incredibly overwhelmed.  At this price point, I think there are better upscale lunch options in town.
5	We used Yelp to get reservations for our anniversary. It was an interesting place. Great food!!! We will Deffenetly go there again. The waitress helped us and explained the menu to us and the wine list. She also answered our (my) questions. Great place.
4	My husband and I weren't ready to go home after dinner so we stopped in Sonoma Grille for a drink. We sat at the bar and the services was great! The guys behind the bar were so friendly, helpful, social and fun! The only reason I didnt give a 5 star review was b/c we didnt eat any food. I will certainly return just for the exceptional service.
5	I meet up with one of my friends from college about once per month, and we go out to eat somewhere on his work lunch break.  One of our recent lunches took us to Sonoma Grille.  It's probably one of my favorite places we have ever gone.The wait staff here is exceptionally friendly, and they want to help you find the perfect meal.  If you don't like chatty servers, this isn't your place.  However, our waiter was super helpful, and it was just his first day!  They must have some pretty fierce training.I ordered the crabcake BLT.  Crabcake, sunny side up egg, tomato, coleslaw, and bacon on a sandwich.  YES, please!  It was delicious, though a bit messy.  So if you're trying to look graceful.... Who cares?  This sandwich is worth it!I really loved the ambiance here as well.  Table cloths and cloth napkins for the win.  They also had a huge wine list if you don't have to go to work after your meal.  When I've gone past at night, this place gets crowded, especially after shows at the Benedum.  You might want to consider a reservation if possible.I can't wait to return and test out more of this menu!
5	great food, great service. Really like this place and their menu is unique and delicious. Have been back several times. Great place for a date or to meet friends or to celebrate a special occassion.
4	Enjoyed the great service, the venison and the creme brulee.  Not 5 stars because it is a bit over priced.  Even so, we will definitely be back.
5	Love this place! My fiance and I went before a show at the Byham Theater nearby. The evening was our Christmas gift to each other, so we went all out. Our food was great and our waiters made an excellent wine suggestion. Definitely not cheap, but will assuredly be the place we go for our next special event.
5	I was in Pittsburgh on a business trip and this place was right next to the hotel. The food was amazing and the wine choice was huge. Food was cook perfectly, the wine is great, and the service is amazing. Overall,  My business partners and I was very happy. The chocolate creme brulee desert was fantastic! Chocolate is always a good thing ;) overall fantastic!! I will definitely be back whenever I'm in Pittsburgh.
5	The atmosphere is relaxed, lighting is subtle, staff is great, noise level is low so it's a great place for a romantic dinner or a spending time with friends. The wine menu has a large selection of domestic wines. The dinner menu has something for everyone. If you like duck, they have a fabulous dish with crispy, sweet glazed duck, sticky rice and a great selection of mixed veggies.
5	Finally made it here.  I came for the Sunday Jazz brunch and I was extremely pleased.  They have a Prix fixe brunch for $23.00 which is totally worth it.  You get 2 menu choices and coffee or mimosa/bloody mary.  I was expecting a lot from this place reading the reviews and I was not disappointed.  I ordered the Crab Tian which is lump crab meat with avocado, onion, chili oil on a crisp.  It was delicious and was very filling.  Next I received my Brunch Burger that is Wagyu beef with panchetta and I did opt for the fried egg (which I highly recommend)  I asked for mid rare, and it came to me in all its juicy perfection.  I set aside the "bloody mary ketchup" as I did not want to amuse this creation.  I WAS IN HEAVEN.  I do not rave about burgers much but this one was just about as perfect as one can get and it was big .... by the time I ate my 2 plates, I was stuffed.  I did not get the fries with the burger, I opted for fruit instead and I am glad I did because I could not eat anymore.  This brunch is priced fairly, for what you get.  Is it pricey ??, well .. perhaps, but the food is outstanding and I am always willing to pay a few extra dollars for quality and service.Speaking of service; I arrived to brunch around 11:15 and it was quite empty.  I was seated immediately and my waitress came over in about 3-5 minutes.  I noticed as brunch went on, the more people seated extended the table wait times.  In saying that, I also observed that all of the staff took on all wait tasks to keep things moving, even the manager was serving food.  In addition; the manager came over to my table a few times to make sure everything was ok.I am giving Sonoma 5 stars because the food was amazing and the service was great.  OH and the Jazz during brunch was delightful.
2	I give this place a 2. Poor service. French onion soup gloppy mess. Salads drenched.  Extremely limited options for vegetarians.
5	Excellent service, great location, extensive wine list and varied menu.  My husband and I were staying at the Westin while in town for a Steelers game. The Sonoma Grill was close and we were looking for a nice place for a light  dinner with wine.  The wine list was all we could ask for .  We had the Sonoma salads which were fresh and delicious.  We choose the tapas sampler for two which was perfect.  5 single servings- diver scallop which melted in your mouth, tempura shrimp, beef pot sticker, smoked pork belly with cranberries and a potato pancake.  All were delicious.  Will definitely return the next time we are in Pittsburgh.
4	Love this place! I have dinner at Sonoma Grill at least once a week. Try the avocado & crab tian with pita bread - it's amazing! Their beet salad with pear and candied walnut is my all-time favorite!  Great service as well!
3	Sonoma has a pleasant atmosphere and an amazing wine selection. The food was great. The service was a little slow. From what I could tell, the server had too many tables to really give good service. I think if more staff was on, it would have been a 5 star dinner.
4	Located in downtown Pittsburgh's cultural district, Sonoma Grille is an excellent choice when looking for a dining location. Having now been here numerous times, I've yet to have an experience that I wouldn't call anything less than good. On my most recent dining experience, my date and I were looking for dessert only. The dessert selection was quite vast, but we both chose a mini trio of desserts, which included a mini cheesecake, lava cake, and panna cotta. We paired our dessert with one of their many dessert wines. Service was good but we did run into an issue with the gift card. Apparently, they recently switched vendors and the balance was showing up as $0 when it actually was $50. The manager took a look online and verified the correct amount and gave us the remaining balance on a huge paper certificate. Sonoma Grille is under the same ownership of Perle (in Market Square). I'll add that we had the same issue with the same gift card at Perle, but they did not look online and, instead, we were forced to pay cash that night.
5	Hands down best downtown restaurant! I went to the restaurant before light up night with my girlfriend. We both got the mixed grill plates with salmon and steak. The salmon melts in your mouth. Best salmon I've had in years, and I am a foody. Also, you won't go home hungry. The portions are large (and affordable) and they bring out bread prior to your meal.The service was also great. Sid was our server and all of his recommendations were right on point. I recommend this restaurant to everyone. Enjoy!
5	So yummy. We went on a Monday night, so it was very uncrowded, but the ambience was still very cool. The servers were very attentive, and my water glass was never unfilled for more than five minutes. The food was very good as well, and there were plenty of vegetarian options/variations available. All in all, a great dining experience.
4	I love the Big Burrito Group but I must say that the Big Y is definitely close on their heels. Sonoma is right downtown and they offer valet parking . The place is lively and has a good feel when you walk in. They have an extensive wine list but for those who just want an inexpensive glass of wine can order cheap glasses or wine flights.We went this past summer and I am kicking myself because as I review the menu now, I realize that they must have changed it. For an appetizer they offered an extensive tasting platter that had everything from cheese to meat to fish. It was absolutely delicious and when I went back I hoped to order it again - looks like I'm out of luck. I ordered the mixed grill which was okay - the pasta was somewhat lackluster but I took it home for leftovers and spiced it up myself. My friend swears by the duck and everything else that was ordered appeared to be enjoyed.  A side note - when we arrived they asked if we were going to see a show and we told them no. I definitely did not want to be rushed out of the place but we were there for an extensive amount of time. Just be prepared for a longer wait if you are not seeing a show during the weekend.
5	Wonderful NYE menu. Food was A+. Great wine list. Knowledgeable staff. Great pairings with the food. Terrific .
4	Nice cocktails. My friend had the crab BLT and reminds me about it at least once a day. It seems that the menu has changed recently, but Sonoma has a nice vibe and a good kitchen and waitstaff.
4	Great place to eat. Overall they have a nice environment and friendly wait staff. The bar area is large and inviting, but not too many beers on tap. The food was tasty, especially the salad. If you are in downtown Pitt this is a great place to enjoy dinner.
