3	I never had polish pastry before (ponki as it were).  All my friends here told me this was a really good place, so I went.At first, I was only expecting a bakery shop, but they had more alternatives to baked goods, such as a meat case, from which I did not order...it was 9am after all.  However, I did order the ponki.  If you aren't familiar with ponki, it is essentially a filled doughnut, perhaps cooked differently like in a polish style i guess, but basically the same as a doughnut.  They had multiple variations, like cream or chocolate filled, and apricot or plum filled.  We got a 6 pack for ~$4.50.  I gotta say it was pretty good.  They had about 3 chairs inside the restaurant and about 6 chairs outside the restaurant, and the staff of two were nice and helpful.They also had perogies, which I'll probably go back and try.  I think i'd frequent this place if I lived in that Monkland/Sherbrooke - NDG area.
3	Fantastic doughnuts, saturated in this lovely oily sheen, for $1.15 each. Sandwiches are pretty good too--nothing special, but cheap-ish, infinitely customizable, and filling. Staff are good people--not knock-your-socks-off sweethearts, but no complaints. What really keeps them from a higher rating is the fact that they don't open early enough for an early breakfast. It would be a good opportunity, what with that huge apartment building up above.
5	so i just came back from a quick visit to montreal where my mom and i stumbled on this bakery. we are from the ukraine so our food is very similar to polish. on the flight in we were lamenting the disintegration of a the russian rumball in russian bakeries and pining for the perfect rumball from the days of yore. well, apparently it has immigrated to montreal and taken up residence in wawel. great choloate, enough nuts, the perfect soft consistency..this thing was damn near perfect and had me perusing plateau real estate so i could be closer to my new love. it also didn't hurt that the place is clean, adorable and the staff super nice in several languages. btw i wish yelp had an ugh button for ppl who degrade a rating for a special spot bc the owners don't open for breakfast.
2	My review is not about the food, rather the treatment my wife got from the miserable woman working there. She was 7 months pregnant, shopping for pastries with her mother when she had to use the restroom, as any pregnant woman has to do frequently. The clerk actually told her the restroom was for personnel only and to go somewhere else! I was blown away that someone could be that ignorant and doubly so that it was a woman being an ahole to someone pregnant. We haven't frequented the shop since, even thought the ponkies are delicious.
4	Although I haven't experienced much of their selection, I can speak to the quality of their sandwiches. Thick, meaty, and they were open to allowing me 2-3 types of meats, requiring more time/effort, for the same price. Staff were short worded but nice. Definitely worthwhile if you need a sandwich. (See photos)
5	Damn these are the best polish doughnuts i've had! This place is right on Sherbrooke, easy to get to. They also have seats near windows for people watching, as well as outdoor seating too. Many delicious and beautiful baked goods- and very generous with the amount of meat in their delicious sandwiches! Good coffee, warm and friendly- what more could you ask for?!
5	The thing I like the most there is the makowiec, the poppy seed strudel. They do it so well that I often end up eating the whole roll...  Their coffee is good and they have many other East-European delicacies such as their famous paczki (jam-filled donut).
5	We have been getting  their donuts for many years  and ohhhhh aren't they  the most delicious donuts in town... Only maybe not add good as Krispy Kreme.  Quality ingredients are easy to notice
