3	Found this place next to our gate before our flight.  We decided to eat here cause we saw the chefs making fresh sushi behind the counter.Of course it's pricey cause it's in an airport but the sushi maki rolls we had were pretty good.  I had the Spicy Salmon maki and hubby got the spicy tuna maki.  Both had about 12 pcs and imagine about $0.75 per pcs!  Again airport prices.The area we sat by looked modern and trendy.  It was a nice area to lounge around.I'd go back again if my gate is near by.  It's nothing special but hey it's sushi on the go and it was made fresh so you can eat it there or bring it on the plane!
3	This sushi joint is tucked away in the D terminal. I decided to eat here because of the modern furniture, good music, T.V.'s (playing the Little League World Series), and extremely warm greeting by staff (Jorge). I'm rating them a 3 Stars because I ordered the International roll, which had over cooked mushy rice, somewhat undercooked eel, and a spicy mayo that tasted like Miracle Whip with pink coloring. I would return for the atmosphere and good service alone. While I'm at it I'll get a Sapporo and give the rolls a second shot.
2	Initially I thought that the sushi was huge, well it is huge, a huge ball of rice with a very thin piece of fish. Wasn't very tasty and I simply felt ripped off because they artfully display the fish as if it was worth the $11.49. Go try something else in the airport.
3	For being sushi in the airport, it's pretty good. I try to order mine fresh and enjoy it. Ingredients could be better but I have not had a bad experience ordering from them.
3	Airport food is overpriced. Agree. But this sushi place is nice and clean, with the option of picking a pre-made carryout dish or ordering fresh made from sushi bar if you want to dine-in. I had a chefs special roll, the oceans delight, and it was good, but was loosely rolled so some pieces of fish kept falling out and the seaweed broke in some places so I couldn't neatly dunk it in my soy sauce. But the tuna avocado roll was great. Fast service, cute atmosphere, and fresh fish. Good spot for sushi, I recommend.
4	I really enjoyed their sushi during my layover.Nice selection of sushi, professional servers, good beers, and fast service!Our waiter was so nice and fun. A good happy guy that really does his job with the kindest way.I'll stop by again for sure
1	I've eaten at a fair amount of sushi places around the world(I also live in Japan) and this is by far the worst sushi/sashimi place I have eaten at. I ordered the 9 piece sashimi(Chef's special) and 6 pieces of nigiri(tuna, salmon, and eel) and I must have received the lowest grade fish around. I am not familiar with Charlotte or North Carolina in general, but I am hoping this is not considered quality sushi by the population. I appreciate that the staff did not charge me for the orders. Please Yelpers, avoid this joint at all costs. If you're that hungry, I would even recommend the Burger King next door.
3	It was good for airport food.  I enjoyed it.  No stove here. So go with raw only.  Chefs were great and onsite preparing.
4	Not a bad place to stop in if it's not crowded. They have a large selection, everything I've ever had tasted fresh and good - hard to believe but true. The staff have always been very friendly and the service speedy - never had to worry about missing my connection!The place has always seemed very clean no matter how busy they were and the prices are typical airport price!
3	Just okay - not sure if they do a la carte but when I visited it was basically like a pre-made supermarket sushi counter. Flavorful but not a GREAT sushi experience
4	This place was an oasis amongst the desolate dessert of just bad fast-food.  Always fresh and not processed.  Makes me happy!!!!
4	Had the miso soup and that was great and tasty. The gyoza pork came our not fried, and wasn't sure is gyoza suppose to be fried? In any case it was very good. The rolls had more fish than rice and that was great. Tasted fresh. I had the ocean roll. The ginger on the side though see less tasty and old. The wasabi was not a bright green but dull green, not sure why or was it too old? On any case I would eat there again. It's better than the fast food places, but it will cost some more as any other sushi place.
4	Had about 30 minutes before my flight was boarding, and I was pretty hungry.  I hemmed and hawed about picking a place to eat, but figured, what the hell, airport sushi - I'm a masochist.  Suprisingly, it was much better than one would expect.I ordered the First in Flight combo - spicy tuna roll, yellowtail nigiri, and spinach salad - and a burr.  The spicy tuna roll could have been a little bit spicier, but nothing some wasabi couldn't remedy.  The yellowtail was actually much better and melted in your mouth, I mean, my mouth.  Spinach salad was pretty standard except they serve up quite a bit of it.  All for $15 bucks, which I thought was pretty reasonable given (a) sushi, and (b) airport prices.I overlooked the Shotgun Betty burrs that they had on tap.  It's a funky tasting beer, but so good.  It has a bubble-gum/banana taste... and it's so good, I promise.  Anyways, I think it's Lone Star Brewing or something like that, and they don't have a huge Charlotte presence AFAIK.  I'm glad that there are other places than Carolina Alehouse that carries it.  Now I can tell my buddy from Indiana about airport Bettys.dmo out.
4	We were here on a layover waiting to come back to Orange County, CA. We have plenty of sushi bars in the area, and to be honest we were not expecting much from this place. I was pleasantly surprised! Service was friendly, and fast. Fish was fresh, and prices were right. The only reason for 4 stars is the wasabi is a combination of gel and powder so it's not easily soluble in soy sauce
4	I was flying in and out of the NYC area every week for about 7 months... This place was just ok sushi and the service was average.  Then I got to know the staff a little and the service became top notch and the wish even got average.  You looking for airport sushi come on in.  Say hi and be friendly!
4	What a surprise!  Sushi was fantastic and the fish was fresh. Can't believe I am giving 4 stars to a sushi place in a airport, but they deserve it.
3	Had 20 minutes before a flight to Rio.  Asked them to make a quick order and in less than 5 we had made to order california, siracha, and eel rolls   They get a plus for service but sushi was just average.Hard to expect a place in an airport terminal to be top notch, still it's better than fast food.3 rolls about 6-9 pieces a roll. Bill came to $31 after tax not including tip.3.5 stars.
5	Who would have thought such a great sushi restaurant would be in an airport? The sushi quality and polite and speedy service are excellent. They also have a great selection of wine and local craft beers.
3	Literally the nicest and most genuinely kind waiter I've ever had (damn I'm gonna miss the south, NY can be jaded as hell)!  Not only was the service promot and pleasant, but the food was better than i expected.  Although it wasn't the best sushi I've ever had, it was decent, which is more than i can say about any other airport sushi.  The only thing I didn't like about the was the heaviness of the rice; it was laid on real thick which made it hard to eat a piece without picking off some of the rice.  I had the CLT roll which was massive, and a little bit spicy.  The food prices are reasonable and the portions are hefty; however the wine is rather pricey ($9 for the house wine & $15 for the recommended Red).  My glass of vino was not served in a glass- but rather a plastic pyramid looking structure that definetly did not complement the wine.
