4	I just ate at Tommy V's (opened Friday, September 25th 2009) for lunch today.  I drove past on Saturday night and there was a "Now Open" banner, so I made a mental note to check it out on Monday (I work just down the street).  It looks to have the same owners as Tomaso's, and you can actually walk from one restaurant to the other from inside the restaurant.  The decor is modern and the service very attentive.  The menu is great, and the wine list doesn't have any bottles over $30, which is a big plus.  Tommy V's specializes in pizzas, pastas, paninis, a few appetizers, and some main courses.  The prices are $9-17 for most items (excluding the main courses, which are more in the $13-20 range).  I split a pizza (Margherita) and a pasta (Fettuccine Alfredo) with a co-worker.  Both were very good, but not the best ever.   First, the pizza.  This pizza had some great cheese, and the sauce, olive oil, and basil all worked well together.  The crust was just OK.  There was a lot of char (which I like), and a good crunch.  However, I think the problem (and it isn't the big of a deal) might be the water.  When I got water to drink with my lunch, it had a funny taste (same with Sportsman's, which has horrible water).  Even with lemon in the water, it still has a funny taste.  If they are making the dough with that water, then that might be why the pizza isn't living up to it's potential.  So while the crust wasn't the best ever, it was far from the worst....somewhere in the upper echelon of Phoenix pizza (a bit lower than Bianco or Grimaldi's, but higher than many others).  I will be back to try some other renditions of the pizza, like the "Let's Meat" ($15), which is a pie with 4 or 5 different pork products (how can that be bad?!), or the mushroom pie.  There is also ahi tuna and a fig & prosciutto pie.  Supposedly, the pizzaioli (pizza maker) is from Italy, as is the wood fired pizza.   I suggest anyone try it.  I only had one, and you can't judge a place on one pie!Next, the Fettuccine Alfredo.  This interpretation of the dish is very different from what I have tried in the past.  It was very buttery, and not so creamy.  I liked it quite a bit, and the pasta was cooked perfectly.  There are plenty of other mains, pastas, sandwiches, salads, apps to try.  Of note, calamari, butternut squash risotto, tomato & mozzarella salad, herb roasted chicken, and pasta bolognese.I went for lunch, and I am not sure about the dinner crowd.  I guess I will have to go back a few more times and give some updates.
4	We were at Sportsman's Saturday and noticed the new kid on the block. We decided that a Monday might be the right time to try. The place had a mad rush going for an hour or so and the TV. screen playing Monday Night Football had to have helped.It was our server's first night and we have employed him before and were happy to see him again. We were unaware that they had only been open for four days. The decor is modern yet cozy and inviting with a warm neighborhood feel. In my opinion this was a brilliant move on Tomaso's part. Sometimes when a long standing "older spot" starts to stagnate it could be a very creative move for the same establishment to put a new spin on what they already do well. This place will attract a whole new clientele. The salads are fresh and organic with creativity and fabulous flavor. I had the braseolo and the cured beef was tantalizing. (I could have used a few more greens). Wine prises are fare and the selection is good. My pinot grigio was chilled to perfection.My dinner companion's seafood pizza had a fabulous array of seafood and the balance of fresh herbs to the pesto and tomato was right on. BUT, I will say that if they are to hold their own in this  market , the crust on the pizza needs to be perfected. The brick oven charring is great but it was followed by too limp of a crust. Brick oven thin crust really should be a little crisper. The service for a brand spanking new place  was awsome. they kept applogising for being disorganised but we felt they were very if not almost overly attentive.Can't wait o go back and try the beet salad!P.S. pricing is in any ones budget for the quality of food and ambiance.
1	Happy hour - good prices, and goes to 7pm so that those of us with jobs can go - 4 starsPizza - it was pretty good, but not the best in town - 3 stars.BUT..... no substitutions or additions to the pizza's - negative 6 stars.  Are you kidding me?  I was told it was because the chef "put a lot of time into the pizza combinations."  I ordered a margherita pizza - sorry chef, there are probably a million other chefs out there with cheese pizza's - you aren't the first.  I've spent 32 years eating pizza, so I'm pretty sure I know what I like.  And a poached tuna and caper pizza isn't it.If you don't mind limited pizza choices, this might be a good place for you.  However, if you are like me, and don't like being told what you can and can't have on your pizza, then I would head over to The Parlor or Le Grande Orange Pizzeria or any other less pretentious pizza joint.
1	Tommy ..you aren't two tone..(for the older and wiser) you aren't even one for that matter. I was actually not going to Yelp your ass. Then I came home, had to sit on my back porch and to recap  your assholedness...ya that's right...ass-hole-ed-ness...This is going to be long folks, so grab a cocktail and hunker down....I promise not to leave out any juicy details...ground)...K ...so my daughter  totally gets dressed in a dress and comes out in the kitchen tonight...I'm like oh yeah! 8 and in a dress, let's go to dinner. We went to The Parlor..no parking...and passed Tommy 's on the way there..mental note..they are NOW open...so went back..she was said, "No Mommy..please Tarbell's"..cuz. she loves Jason there...I said, " They are in the neighborhood..let's just try it out." Ok, Tommy V's...so we walk in and the "Not old enough to lick a postage stamp hostess says to us, "Um, I'm sorry there are only 6 tops available so we can't seat you...or you can sit in the banquet room by yourself...really? "really? " I say to her.."there are 6 tables open and 5 at the bar..can we sit at the bar?" she goes and asks  the bartender.."No, sorry...I am like, "really, we live in Arizona. They allow guns in bars" she was like, really??? I am like ..this is so not worth it...(sorry I am sounding like valley girl right now..but like duh?) Any who, I stood my ground and she finally sat us at a "6 top" that was obviously on hold for Casper and his friends.  So, the waitress finally saunters over ...We order Calamari ...SUCKED! It was a soggy ass mess...then Meat Pizza and Bolognese Pasta...no options on Pizza  and they served the veal bolognese( I had high hopes, I know..but I did)...with pre bought corkscrew noodles to an adult!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The only corkscrew I like is in my wine.,Seriously ,VEAL ON CORKSCREW...am I missing something? Apparently..I will never miss this place another second of one moment of one ioda of one day in my life..Sorry tangit...so then, apparently the wait staff had not seen each other since high school...because they concregated more on "catch up"than actually waiting tables...when she finally did come over she stacked our dishes and left them there, then took 15 min to get the check back....15!!!! THEY WEREN'T EVEN BUSY! So, then on the way out  the"not old enough to lick a postage stamp hostess" is actually chewing her nails as we are leaving and does not EVEN bother to take her fingers out of her mouth as she says..."thanks for coming" ..really? really right now? no one has said that with less enthusiasum than when my best gay friend and I decided to have sex just to see what it woudl be like...If you have a perfectly ironed golf shirt and like Tomaso's  and have a case of Scotch in your trunk and have to take your wife to dinner, drop her drunk ass off at home, then get your plasta gal on speed dial then this place is for you. If not, don't bother..EVER!!!!! but do go to Tarbell's ...still classic, divine and NOT TOMMY V"S!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Ok.  I've been waiting for this place to open for the past few months with great anticipation.  What a fucking let down.  Seriously, I have been thinking the past few hours what was worse, the food or the service.  Tough call but I've decided the service.  The hostess, the worn out waitress who would rather socialize with her fellow douche bag waiters than ever once ask me if I needed a refill on water or was enjoying my less than tasty meal, or the manager kissing the ass of the ready for hospice old man in the corner who wasn't eating shit.  Seriously, the Tomaso's used to be my neighbors down the street for years.  They are nice but their food and new restaurant sucks.  If I had taken my dog there and he immediately licked his ass and balls afterwards, I would be envious that he was able to get the taste out of his mouth faster than me!  The only reason I gave this place 1 star is because 0 isn't an option...
5	Not sure why this place got bad reviews - the pizza is some of the best in this area, wait staff was great, and has a great, casual atmosphere.  We've gone here several times and plan on going back many more.They also have a decent happy hour with $5 glasses of wine and some decent apps.
4	After a month or so of seeing the sign on the street advertising the new place, my curiousity got the best of me at lunch.  The atmosphere was very modern and clean and we took the suggestion of the server.  We ordered the mushroom pizza as well as the meat pizza, the unique names escape me, but I was very pleased with the results.    Service was satisfactory, nothing that blew me away, but certainly nothing wrong.  It's not a budget lunch type place, however it was a nice lunch and I wouldn't hesitate to go back again.
2	I really wanted to like Tommy V's -- unfortunately this review will be less than flattering.  I'll begin with what I did like:The happy hour drink specials: $5 glasses of wine, $3 beers, and $5 house cocktails from 5-7.  Not bad.What I didn't like:The pizza: The pizza tasted OK, but averaging around $15 per pie - which one hungry adult could easily finish -  was a bit outlandish. The quality was nowhere near that of The Parlor, LGO, or Grimaldi's. At those prices for "personal" pizzas, I'd expect to be wow'd.The service: We were surprised to see only one vegetarian pizza on the menu (not including the standard cheese pizza).  When we asked the server if we could substitute veggies for meat on any of the pizzas, he acted like he's never heard this request before -- and he had to ask the chef.  His sanctimonious attitude about substituting artichoke for prosciutto was just odd. And when he finally allowed us to make the substitution, the pizza came out wrong.We gave it a shot, but most likely won't be going back.
5	The first time I ate here I was only slightly impressed. Was there with JD's parents and we split a ceaser salad that was really good but too small for 4 people. The dressing was divine as were the little chunks of bread mixed into the salad.  For dinner we all got pasta and every dish was good, but not great. I dont know if there was a surplus of calamari that week or what, but all of our seafood-related dishes had a ton of  the mini octopus looking calamari pieces.  I like them, so I didnt mind but JD's mom calls them "matrix guys" and slowly all the "matrix guys" at our table made their way to my plate. Now we always share, and I love tasting things from everyone elses plate, but this was a bit much. I think all the calamari could have ruined my original dish because all I left tasting was matrix guys.Last Sunday I was less than thrilled to hear that we were going back to TV's, this time not only with JD folks, but my ma as well. I just decided before we got there that I would get a pixzza, because its hard to mess those up. But when I saw the specials list I fell hard for the Seafood Cioppino. And I am so glad I did! It was spectacular! Different from most cioppino's I have had but delicious nontheless. Instead of being brothy, this cioppino was served atop linguini. There was a brothiness to it, but it wasnt a soup. It had all kinds of fish, clams, mussels, scallops, shrimp-even crab legs in it! I die for seafood so I was in heaven! My ma got the halibut and said it was great, JD had some kind of tortelonni that was good, but with only 3 pieces, it looked like it should have been an appetizer. His p's had a pizza and it was really tasty although I only had a bite. I totally changed my mind about this place and look forward to going back.
2	I've never been to a restaurant where we (a party of 6 with a reservation) sat at a cleared table with no water, no bread, no cutlery, no service for 15 minutes before receiving a menu .... when we finally had someone provide a menu, it then took another 15 minutes to get the wine we ordered. Still no bread, still no food. The server dumped the wine bottle on the table (unopened), and went to find glasses. 10 minutes later she then threw the bottle opener at our table so we could open the wine ourselves while she went to find glasses. Most (!?!) of the wine glasses arrived within the next 10 minutes, and still no bread or food. Do I need to go on? And while the server apologized profusely, she never offered to take anything off the bill or even a dessert on the house for our clearly disgruntled group. Food was fine -- the house-made burrata is quite remarkable. But not enough of a reason to return. Others we were with have had better experiences, and I would hope for the owner's sake that our dinner was an aberration...
5	This place is the dopeness.Awesome pizza (pistachio, onion, and ricotta) and a great Caesar salad. The atmosphere is very welcoming and is actually a pretty nice restaurant. Chef Matt owns it on the pizza oven.
4	I had lunch with a friend on Wednesday this past week...we were on the phone trying to figure where to rendezvous when the name "Tommy V's Osteria and Pizzeria" came up (I know...it's mouthful...I just said "Tommy V's":)We are both fans of Tomaso's (see my excellent review of Tomaso's...oh wait...you can't...it's one of the 89 partially written reviews sitting on my laptop waiting for me to figure out what to say...well, trust me...it's an excellent review:)And speaking of excellent, so is Tommy V's:)What a delightful little adjunct to Tomaso's...the wood fired oven facing the bar and dining area, the flat panel TV above the bar tuned to Italian World Cup soccer...murmuring softly in Italian in the background...the place is very nicely decorated and the ambiance of the place is quiet and pleasant:)And the food, my friends...the food!In the end, it's pretty much always about the food and anyplace that bears Tommy's name is not going to disappoint in that area:)I had a lovely Umbrian Sausage Panini...made the way a Panini is supposed to be made...on house baked flat bread (with wood smoke and dark brown blisters in the bread from the wood oven), filled with thin slices of savory Umbrian Sausage, caramelized onions and Italian peppers and set off perfectly with homemade garlic aioli...re-baked in the wood oven so that it was warm all the way through (very little that I dislike more than a panini that's still cold in the middle...that's just damn laziness! :-)My buddy had a pizza...a custom pizza...the kind of pizza that I wish I could get Bianco's:)And we didn't have to wait 3 hours for Tommy V's pizza:)...they brought out his beautifully blistered, crusty and delicious, Quattro fromaggio with artichoke hearts and caramelized onions about 20 minutes after we ordered...just about right for a pizza order:)Once again, essentially edible art...smoky and delicious, hot from the oven...all the ingredients were perfectly proportioned (I think my friend has a special genius for ordering...this pizza wasn't on the menu, but clearly should be:)The price to portion and price to value ratio are so clearly positive at Tommy V's that I didn't even bother to create a chart...Under $30 for the 2 of us and we couldn't finish all the food...my Panini alone was over 12 inches across, cut into quarters...easily enough for 2 people, and included a wild greens salad in a light vinaigrette...wonderful:)We didn't try the bar out (lunchtime...on a Wednesday...meetings later...can't afford to look drunk:) although we did gawk a bit...an excellent selection of Italian beers, decent wines, scotches, vodka's...even bourbon's:)The only thing that was a bit jarring was the service...but not for lack of service!:)I don't want to rag on them for being too attentive, but they may want to throttle back on the love just a little...I was asked "how is everything" 3-4 times while I was in the middle of a conversation (we hadn't seen each other in while so we had a bunch to catch up on) or in the middle of a bite...listen...I really appreciate that so much more than the typical "where did everyone go?" kind of thing...just ease off the gas pedal a little bit...we already love you...we really, really do! :-)And that's it...that's the only thing about Tommy V's that even remotely causes a ripple...they are just so very eager to please! :-)So drop by 32nd and Camelback (remember...this is Tommy V's...not Zen 32...you would be disappointed:) and have yourself one of the best pie's or panini's you're likely to experience anywhere:-)
4	I went to Tommy V's for the first time last night after reading about it on Yelp. It is in my neighborhood, and I wanted to try out a new pizza place. I love LGO pizza, but wanted to try some local pizza with a normal (aka not sourdough) crust for a change. We were seated immediately, and found out that there were still 8 minutes left of happy hour - yay! (HH is from 5-7; $5 wines, $20 bottles of wine) We ordered a delicious bottle of Syrah for $20 (normally $29.) Also, if you don't finish your bottle, you can take the remainder home. Our server was friendly and helpful. We decided to share a salad and a pizza (note - if you have them actually split the salad in the kitchen, they charge $2 - we did not have them split it :) We went with the poached pear salad with blue cheese - yummy! Medium-small portion, but fair enough for the price. Hit all the right flavor notes for me. We had the asiago pizza with red onions and pistaccios. I had mixed feelings about this pizza. The crust (as someone else mentioned) is thicker than LGO, and seemed a bit soggy in the middle. It reminded me of a frozen California Pizza Kitchen crust that is slightly undercooked - (note: this is not a good thing.) However, it was not terrible by any means, and the toppings were tasty enough. Just nothing really jumped out at me. If I try another pizza, I will go w/ the proscuitto and balsamic figs. I will be back though and plan on trying their pasta. Also - the ambiance is nice - casual, comfortable and intimate.
4	While visiting Phoenix, a group of six of us decided to go out for dinner one night and chose Tommy V's - gourmet pizza, casual atmosphere is what the website promised us and we were not disappointed!A friend and I agreed to split meals so we could have different tastes of different things and everything was really good. My favorite salad was the Beet Goat Cheese, amazingly well done. We also had a really nice Caprese salad. I simply cannot get enough tomatoes with mozzarella.We decided to stick to pizza because well, we felt like pizza. We had the Braised Short Rib pizza and the Pancetta, Gorgonzola & Artichokes pizza. Both were amazingly delicious. I think I may have liked the short rib pizza just a little more, actually, but I would easily order either one on a return trip.Our companions had other pizzas, spaghetti and fish. Everyone raved.The staff were very friendly, when we arrived, we immediately felt right at home, I was kinda looking for a sofa in the corner to kick my shoes off and take a nap afterward! If anything, the staff may have been a little too attentive. Several times they stopped in to see if everything was okay. It was nice, but we could have gone a little longer. Maybe it was just because we were all immersed in our food and conversation. Not a bad problem to have I suppose! We did have a small mistake when they forgot to leave the nuts on the side of a dish, they immediate took it away and were back in just a few short moments with the corrected plate, I was surprised that there was not an additional wait while they redid the salad, but it's obvious they went that extra mile.I only wish I had had another day to stay in Phoenix, to try out Tomoso's next door.
2	We were excited for a night out. My wife had oral surgery last week and the moment she was up to it we decided to eat out and chose Tommy V's. The experience was iffy. Jeff, our bartender made our drinks but forgot to give them ot us to drink. He was hangin' and pretty relaxed so we left it at that but then it was time for dinner..more than 30mins after ordering we still don't have food. No bread, no salad, no apology,so we asked for bread or something and were informed that our food will be out in 15seconds. Welp, ten minutes later we get the bread. The food finally comes but without the drink that I ordered with it. The salmon ok. My wifes gnocci with short ribs was delicious. - the saving grace. So we give Jeff our card to pay and wait.and wait. and wait while he closes out his friends and flirts with 2 girls (seemed to be employed by this company) at the bar next to us.He looks up and as an aferthought processes our bill. We get our check and give mr. jeff the high 5 that he's been seeking from every other guest through the evening and leave feeling very disappointed about the whole experience. It alsom must be mentioned that the restaurant was empty. There were maybe 4 people at the bar and two tables filled. .
4	On Friday night we had dinner at Tommy V's Osteria Pizzeria, across from the Biltmore Fashion Park at 32nd St. and Camelback. It's a relatively new spin-off of Tomaso's Restaurant which has been at that location for 32 years. Where Tomaso's is upscale, dressier, and heavy on the proteins, Tommy V is casual and carb-oriented. It's interesting that the prices on most of the appetizers, salads and pastas are pretty much the same at both locations.     Tommy V's is divided up into two rooms. You enter the bar area which also houses an open kitchen with wood burning pizza oven. It's light-filled and colorful. and also very loud. The second room is more sedate, and unfortunately somewhat gloomy. It's dimly lit, and the faux brick, dark wood, and taupe painted walls don't help. There are some windows cut into the front and back walls, framed with curtains, which look into the bar area, and a third back room. Very weird. However, the gloom was dispelled when our cheerful waitress brought us a basket of crusty bread and some fabulous pesto butter, redolent of garlic. She informed us that happy hour was on (from 5 - 7), and we could get most of the wines on the menu for $5 a glass or $20 a bottle. We decided to share a glass of red Primitivo 'Layer Cake' (I don't know why it was called that, but you knew that I wouldn't be able to resist ordering it). It turned out to be delicious, rich and deeply fruity. Because we had arrived quite early - I didn't know how busy the restaurant would be and reservations are only taken for tables of 6 - we ordered a roasted beet and goat cheese salad ($8) while we awaited our friends Walt and Maria. While it was quite good, it didn't live up to the one we had at The Parlor since the beets weren't multi-colored and the dressing didn't have as much zing. However, there was lots of cheese and toasted pistachios.     When Walt and Maria arrived, our bread basket and carafe of butter was swiftly refilled (the bussing was top notch). I suggested that they try the Primitivo, and they ordered the Romaine Wedge salad ($7) with bacon and gorgonzola. It was beautifully presented, with a pile of whole romaine leaves holding the accompaniments and dressing. All the salad ingredients were quite fresh. I ordered an Eggplant Torta ($15), described as "Baked Multi-layer of Eggplant, Cheese Fondue, Pasta". Ken opted for V's Kick Ass Burger 9 oz ($12) - "Handcrafted with Short Rib, Brisket & Kobe Beef, Caramelized Onions, Heirloom Tomatoes, Bacon, Blue Cheese, Arugula, Truffle Aioli & Parmesan Herb Roasted Potatoes". The combination of meats made this too interesting to pass up. Walt and Maria decided to share a pizza. These are "personal size", 10 - 12 inches, and range in price from $10 for a Margherita with mozzarella and tomatoes to $16 for a Proscuitto and Fig pie with gorgonzola and arugula. Unfortunately I don't remember what kind they had, but they said they enjoyed it, and it was actually big enough that 2 pieces were taken home. The burger was great. It was big and juicy with a fascinating texture because of the short ribs and brisket - it's now my favorite Phoenix burger, and the price is comparable to the other good ones served elsewhere. Ken loved the roasted potatoes, and while they were flavorful, I prefer nice crunchy fries. My eggplant torta was a pleasant, non-confrontational variant of eggplant parmesan. But having taken a Zantac, I was looking forward to confrontation - a spicy sauce and loads of gooey cheese. This was disappointing, but edible. It was also a fairy small portion.     There were no surprises on the dessert menu - tiramisu, cannoli, etc. We ordered a tartufo for the table. When it arrived, nicely sliced, there was none of the zablione promised on the menu. I asked the waitress about that and she tried to tell me that it had been "mixed in". When I gave her a skeptical, unhappy look she brought over the owner/manager (I'm not sure which he was), and he apologized, saying that there's been a dispute with the distributor over that item. We weren't charged for it, which was very nice, since we did eat it all.     The parking in front of the restaurant is limited, but Walt said to tell you that immediately to the east of the strip mall containing the restaurant there's a large parking lot, not particularly visible to the street. All in all I'd say this was a good dining experience and we'll go back to try some of the interesting pastas like braised short rib gnocchi ($20) or butternut squash ravioli with amaretto cookies, toasted almonds and parmigiano sage sauce ($15). And especially to have another burger!!
4	Wow...this place is good!   A friend of mine and I shared the braised short rib pizza.  It was delicious.  The staff was very friendly and the restaurant had a cozy feel to it.
4	I've now been to Tommy V's a few times and each time I have had excellent service and food. On my first visit my husband and I split their sicilian pizza. It was delicious! One pizza should be enough to split depending on your appetite. On our second visit I had the Lasagna and it was another winner. On our last visit we each ordered on own pizza because we were extremely hungry, but regretted it. It was just too much food. The pizza tasted a little more salty than I had remembered but it was still very good. The guy sitting next to us ordered their mushroom pizza and it looked delicious! According to the bartender it's their best pizza. Next time I head there I will definitely be giving it a try!
1	We had dinner on a Friday night at around 8:00. The place cleared out by 8:30 and we felt seriously rushed by the staff to finishing our dinner and drinks. Pretty early for this on a weekend night; guess they had places to go.As far as the food is concerned, for an "Italian" restaurant, it was just mediocre; the pizza crust was dry, sauce was OK; the  chicken piccata wasn't bad but also not great. We were looking forward to an excellent meal, especially the pizza, considering this is owned by Tomaso, but were obviously disappointed. Not worth the time,  money, or calories! There are so many better Italian restaurants in town, so we won't be back to this one.
2	Tommy V's had been a consistent 'go to' for a Thurs or Fri night eats.  Loved their pizza, wine and service.  However, last week, there was a rude awakening.  The 'three mushroom' pizza arrived with one mushroom and lots of green onions.  I stared at it and had a slice.  Then, I finally had to ask.... Kudos (seriously, they complimented me!) from the chef and waiter that I actually recognized that they had run out of the 2 other mushrooms.  To top the experience, they were going to charge us for the pizza.  Bummer.
3	My trusty dining companion and I had dinner here a little while back, er maybe 2 months ago, so I'm a tad late on my review. But as I was eating an order of fettuccine alfredo for lunch it made me think back to the most delicious fettuccine alfredo I have ever had, which is from here, Tommy V's. You would think that after such a statement they would rank up on my 5 star reviews list but alas the rest of the experience was sub par. My boyfriend had the baby clams linguine and it was just OK, not a lot of flavor and just not exciting; we had the fried calamari for our appetizer and again OK, but nothing to write home about, very very plain. The wine selection was good and for just a wine drinker and by no means an expert i appreciated the server (sorry can't remember his name) listening to my likes and dislikes and then choosing the perfect wine for me, that was impressive. The restaurant itself is nice but it just doesn't seem to fit the food, it seems very western and I would expect to see a menu for rustic American food as opposed to the Italian fare they serve. Also I didn't feel completely welcome, when we walked in, both of our first times here, we were unsure if it was seat yourself or wait to be seated and we had that super uncomfortable stand in the doorway while other diners stare at you moment which seem to last much longer then necessary, a server even walked by and said nothing to us. So Great great fettuccine, but next time I think I may just get an order to-go.
4	Yummy food, Great lunch vibe, great service
4	Holy cannoli - literally.  The topper to this dinner, at least for my daughter, was a really good cannoli.  My daughter had a delicious spaghetti and meatball dish, we all started with very good fried calamari and my dad and I shared a pizza.  For a personal pizza, this was definately enough for 2!  We had the 'Pulled Roasted Chicken Caramelized Figs, Confit Tomatoes, Smoked Mozzarella' pizza .   YUM, that's a combo I would have never thought of but will be back for.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  We'll be back!
4	Tommy V's has a good happy hour selection and wonderful food.
5	GREAT HAPPY HOUR! The prices are very reasonable, the food is good, and the staff is very helpful. The pizzas are delicious, great sauce. Try the Eggplant. The Saltimboca is one of the best on the menu or in town. A must for veal lovers.
5	In one word: magnifico! Seriously, Tommy V's food is to die for. Their short rib pizza is wonderful. I usually get the parpadelle bolognese with a meat ball. It's three different meats and a wonderful pasta dish. Recently I've been eating the short ribs with saffron risotto and wow. Just wow. The short ribs are so tender and just flake off. It's such a good combination with the creamy risotto. Their wine list is comprehensive with most bottles under $40.00. This is a great neighborhood restaurant. I would recommend it to anyone.
5	I have been here twice now The food is outstanding Prices are also very very reasonable, service was also good. We will be back
3	this is one of those split review--if I went by food alone--it would be a four or five--but the service leaves something to be desired --although it did get better as the night went on.  so the good to excellent first--I had the baby greens salad and the risotto with artichoke and corn--Both were excellent--the salad was flavorful and had a terrific balsamic dressing--the risotto was also very flavorful--with a tomato base and a nice balance of artichokes and corn.  the bread they served was also really good.--so for the food alone i will go back.  The service needs some work.  first we got seated and then didn't see a waiter for a good 10 minutes--she then asks if we would like a drink--I ask her a question about a wine--she says she doesn't know--that she knows more about the reds than the whites--I had to ask her to go ask my question to the bartender--instead of coming back to our table--and answering my question--she goes off to another table and takes their order--so we got off to a pretty rocky start.  As i said to my friend who I was dining with--the problem is in Phoenix with all the great restaurants with wonderful service--it is hard to spend that dining dollar on anything except great food and great service.  So Tommy's needs to do some refinement and become the great restaurant ii is meant to be.
5	Love this place!  My husband and I have been looking for a place where the food is good and has a great atmosphere, and we definitely found it here!  We were headed for Tomaso's, but one of the Tommy V's regulars saw us checking out the menu and insisted that we check it out instead...We are so glad we did!  Everyone there (the "regulars" and staff) are SO nice.  Since they are part of Tomaso's, you are able to order off of their menu as well...plus they will work with you if there's something you'd like that isn't on the menu (so I've been told).  We've only been there twice, but everything we've had has been wonderful!  They have a great happy hour too.  I'm looking forward to our next dinner there!  Great food and great company...nothing beats it!
5	Tonight's Bistro Steak and Panzanella Salad was DIVINE!!  Nova did an EXCELLENT job, as the meat was so tender and flavorful.  The salad had a perfect amount of dressing and the homemade croutons were browned to perfection.  It was heavenly.............AGAIN.
4	this is a really good neighborhood spot.  i wouldn't travel for it, but i really enjoy going.everything i've had has been good but not great.  (in fairness "everything" includes two types of pizzas and the spaghetti and meatballs).  BUT, it's comfy, not pretentious, and the service has been really good.  it would be great if they had homemade noodles because lets face it, that's ALWAYS better.parking can be difficult...but you can park next door in 24 hour fitness' lot.  (yes i asked they said it was ok (no i didn't)).
5	Really.  Good.  Italian.  Lasagne is absolutely fantastic.  Everything there is.  The sad part is they had, hands down, THE BESTcalamari in town.  Sooo friggin good but they changed it and now it is mediocre at best.  Strang becuase everything else is so good.  Take it for someone who has been for at least 30 meals.Good happy hour too. Also, be aware that unless you are going for lunch (which I recommend) you will need to valet.  Its free, except for the couple bucks in tip, and fast.PS, don't get the burger and give it a bad rating.  If anything give yourself a single star rating for being an idiot and ordering a burger at an Italian place.Manga!
3	I was recommended here by a friend and was unimpressed considering the price and location. The food was tasty, but not the best Italian I've eaten. The service was a disappointment, the staff seemed frazzled and overwhelmed, even though it wasn't super busy as they were able to seat a party of 8 with no reservation right away. The prices were on the high side, but it's Scottsdale so what can you expect. The location was great and the parking was easy. If it were busier, which right now Scottsdale is pretty low in visitation this year then in most, I can see parking being a problem, but fortunately it wasn't.The ambiance was not comfortable at all. Really noisy, and I can't remember if they played music or not, as you can barely hear the waiter. The staff wasn't as knowledgable or provided any wine recommendations either. You would expect that from a fine dining establishment. Definitely not dining here again, but it was worth a try.
4	Great hood hangout to relax kick back have a nice wine or beer with a fancy Pza. The Bartender and cooks work their asses off, and the food and constantly replenished alcoholic drinks reflect this.   My Love throws a tantrum in order  to come here every time he flies in from Silicon(e) Valley, as it reminds him of the local hangouts he has way up North in Geekville Valley.   The Za chef will make him special custom Zas using the fancy chimney brick oven, which seems to fascinate my Love.  Seriously, why doesn't he take such interest with my oven at home?  Anyway, the Za here quite seriously rivals Pizzeria Bianco, if not better....(again, I seriously don't know what the hype is all about with that other Pizza place other than having to stand in line for 2 hours--maybe the hypoglycemia makes people so hungry they quite literally lose their minds---but I'll review that place later, but if you insist, one word:  meh).   I agree with many here that the prices for the classic Northern Italian cuisine that has to be run over from next door Tommy V's could run a bit steep, but that's all part of the the ambiance, and we are helping to pay for the restaurant's  location next to Tarbulls...oops, bells....whatever that pretentious place is....(I will review that soon too...I got food poisoning there:  TWICE). Why don't you do this;  stop in for a drink there, then over to Tarbulls for another one, then over to Sportman's for yet another, then finish it off with some exercise at 24hr Fitness.
4	Tommy Vs was one of the most fun dining experiences I've ever had.First off, the restaurant was packed, and there was a wait when we got there. It probably helps it's a sister restaurant to the upscale Tomaso's, right next door.The crowd was mixed, but it was definitely dominated by older people-middle-aged and senior citizens. It was nice to see fans of Tomaso's be loyal and check out his newer eatery. There were also lots of families, and some young couples.The dining experience didn't feel rushed at all, despite the bustling atmosphere. The restaurant is divided into two rooms, with tables throughout the rooms, making for an especially home-y feel.We started with a huge bottle of Malbec wine ($30) that provided more than four glasses of the delicious red wine. For appetizers, we had vegetarian Pasta E Fagioli ($7), a brand new item that was chock full of white beans. It was a great meal starter, and it rocks it was meat-free.Then we split a pizza with olives ($12). The pizzas are wood fired, just like at Pizzeria Bianco and Cibo. It wasn't burnt like Bianco's, but it wasn't as thin and doughy like Cibo's.  It was a generous portion with huge chunks of mozzarella, but I would have loved for the pizza to be a little less crispy.For dessert, we had tiramisu ($5), one of the best tiramisus I've ever had. It was the perfect creamy consistency, and it melted in your mouth. I would say go to Tommy V's just for the tiramisu alone.It makes sense why Tommy V's is so popular. The staff is excellent, and the atmosphere is warm and inviting. It reminded me of a  big city restaurant, like one in New York and San Francisco.
5	Everything is yummy here! My Italian mother knows Italian food and loves this place. The bread and pesto butter are the perfect complimentary appetizer.  Get the salmon and romaine dish if you want something healthy, tasty, and filling!
4	This is one of my favorite spots for lunch.  The Pistachio Chicken Salad is excellent and wood fired pizza is great.  Really everything is very good and have never been disappointed.  Also, the wait staff is friendly, professional, and efficient.  Even though it has been there for years, Tommy V's is a real "sleeper" pick for lunch on Camelback Road.
5	I have tried gnocchi at several Italian restaurants in the Valley, and Tommy V's gnocchi with sage butter is simply the best. I can't even describe how wonderful it is; I was making love to my plate. It is cheesy, soft, and wonderful. You just have to try it.
5	My family's Sicilian and Neapolitan and every time we come here, the family is more than satisfied.  The moment you walk in, you're greeted with a basket of fresh sourdough bread, mouth-watering pesto, and black and white photos of Sophia Loren hanging from the old, brick walls.  The servers and bartenders love Tommy V's themselves and are dedicated to providing you with a wonderful experience.  I personally love the salmon and romaine salad and every pasta dish in the house. Even a normal plate of spaghetti tastes like heaven with Tommy's touch.  No wonder Tomaso's (Tommy's formal restaurant right next door and shares the kitchen) has been voted Arizona's best Italian restaurant year after year.  And here I thought Tommy V's and Tomaso's were my neighborhood's best kept secrets!
4	PHOENIX: Tommy V's is a cool, old fashioned-feeling little Phoenix pizza joint with good food and service in a relaxed setting.Service and Ambience (4 stars): The walls and floors are worn wood and brick, with black and white photos of old actors and actresses.  The waitstaff is black clad and high service; they took care of us.FOODBread (4 stars): The bread was fresh and served with a delicious herb butter.  Great way to start the meal.Caprese Salad (4 stars): Delicious mozzarella and tomatoes were pretty flavorful, well seasoned and well portioned.Cuatro Carne Pizza (3.5 stars): This was a pretty good pizza, but as with many of these Naples types, the center got soggy and the edges were slightly burnt.  I know that's sort of the style, it just wasn't amazing.  It was "good" with no adjective to amplify it.
1	This place has gone way downhill.  When it first opened it was pretty good. But now, it's terrible.  The service is not good. The food is overpriced and not very good.  I have had better chicken marsala at non-Italian places.   They can't get the orders correct and the drinks are watered down and the bar tender is not pleasant.  Won't be back.
1	Very poor service, very poor cocktails and they don't care.
3	Great atmosphere and good food. Kinda pricey for a casual place. $13-17 for a pizza. Same prices for entrees as Tomasso's. Will go back for HH only. Central Bistro across the street has comparable or lower prices and an amazing HH.
2	Tommy Vs serves a burger they call the millionaire burger... lamb and beef combined, sesame seed bun with cheese and great toppings. Unfortunately tried to order it medium rare, and came out more like a leather hockey puck. The fries along with it are hand cut, and well done.  Tiramisu for dessert was great. Good bar, but few craft beer selections. I would go back but definitely consider ordering other things.
