1	I went to Deluxe Dry Cleaners yesterday to drop off some clothes to get clean before heading to LA for New Years and as the sign says $1.95 Cleaners that is for two day service.  If you want it in by 9 and out by 5 you have to pay an extra $.50 per item.  This alone was frustrating because they don't mention this until you walk in.  So I pay the fee and drop off my clothing.  I forgot to pick them up after I left work yesterday so I stop in this morning.  I come to find out the main piece I went to the cleaners for (my blazer) was not at their location.  They sent it out to get cleaned and it didn't make it back.  So as you can imagine I'm not very happy.  She stated oh it will be here first thing in the morning.  I told her that is not an option as I leave for LA in the morning and this is way out of my way.  So supposedly it will be there at 6pm when I get off work.  We will see.  As of now the best they could get was a 1 star so I reviewed it accordingly.  STAY AWAY STAY FAR AWAYUpdate:  I picked up my blazer and they ruined most of the buttons on it.  I am very upset as I received it on Christmas and it was getting cleaned to wear the first time.  I will update again after I go talk to the manager.New Update:  Talked with the manager and they told me they aren't responsible for the manufacturer's buttons on the coat.  They said it is a risk dry cleaning anything because it may get damaged from the chemicals.  I couldn't believe it and will never go back if I could give a 0 star I would.  BBB will be getting a complaint for this place.
4	Sorry Jesse had such a bad experience here.  I have been using this place for about, well,  from the week they opened as it is so close to my office.They have never lost or damaged any of my clothing, and I drop my wife's delicate stuff off here as well for dry cleaning.  They have also always been true to their word on when I can pick up my clothes - although I am usually days late on the pick-up (one benefit of being a clothes-horse I guess). Two doors down from Dunkin, so fantastic to drop and pick the rags and then grab a cup o'joe before hitting the office.  The women who work there aren't too hard on the eyes, either, which is always a plus.Hard to believe they are still using a dot matrix printer, but that has no impact on service.
4	I have taken a King sized comforter in to be cleaned and it was cleaned and put nicely in a bag for me all within a couple of days. It was not cheap but I don't have a reference for prices on having comforters cleaned so maybe it was normal. I paid $25-30. I have also dropped off several pairs of jeans for hemming and they are always ready when you are told they would be so that's good. Haven't had any actual clothes dry cleaned here yet though - will try this in a couple of days want the extend the life on my hubby's shirts (Big & Tall is expensive). Will update my review based on that service as well. Also, as a foodie and a Jersey girl I truly love the location next to Rinaldi's New York Deli!Went to have some pants hemmed and I felt that the cost was pretty high; $12 a pair? Pretty excessive. Still use them for cleaning but in the future would find someone else to hem my jeans- happens often since I'm only 5'3".Also, be prepared to pay in advance for any service.
4	I dropped off three jackets to get them ready for the cooler weather ahead. They did a good job and the jackets were ready the next day. I will definately use them again.
