5	I'm a bit of an Indian food snob, living both in the SF bay area and NYC has spoiled me as far as Indian in the US goes...normally this is how I'd start a bad review, but this place is *excellent*.  Not only is the food excellent, but it's very reasonably priced, and the service is great.  It's family run by very nice people.  I'm American but was there with three Gujurati's who were also very impressed with the food.Highly recommended!
3	Firstly, I called them at 4; they open at 4:30 and they said we needed reservations for a table at 5PM. We walked in and there were only two people there. Stop the phony reservations, it makes you look like idiots. We ordered a bloody mary that tasted like it was made in a salt mine, undrinkable. They charge for rice and we've eaten at literally hundreds of  Indian restaurants and this is the first time we ever had to pay for rice.The food was good and there were a lot of Indians eating there which is a good sign. Samosas were delicious. Service was friendly.
5	I've lived in Nepal and traveled in India.  This is one of the very best Indian restaurants I've eaten in. (Canada, USA, Britain, Vienna)  The interior is small (reservations advised) but quite clever in the use of space, colour and texture. The service is outstanding and should be the 'gold standard' of service for any restaurant.  The food was outstanding with just the right amount of spice and sauce. Excellent proportions too. Oh - wish I was going there again tonight.
3	I got take-out. The food was not bad. It's not the best, but I can eat it again. Though I would not go and eat there because the place looks too cramped. What I didn't like was that almost all Indian restaurants let you choose rice or naan bread with your entree but here the dish came with rice and I had to order naan bread separate. This would've still been ok but when I got home there was no rice with my entree!!! They charged me extra for the naan bread and then skipped on the rice!! Also they did not include any napkins or spoons or forks with. Not impressed by their lack of attention to detail.
5	Great place. Akin to Bouillon Bilk down the street, you know a restaurant means serious tasty business when they locate in a place where you wouldn't typically get walk-ins. Only people who are looking for real, delicious indian food whose quality sits far above the Montreal average.Family run yet beautifully designed menu: the devil is in the details and these guys are on top of it.5 stars.
4	We decided to try this place after seeing rave reviews on Yelp.  It was about a 10 minute walk from our hotel, so we went ahead and made reservations.  As we got to the restaurant, we saw two women standing outside with menus - maybe there to invite people in.  We were seated promptly.  The restaurant is small but nicely set up.  Loved the cozy ambiance.  This place is family run as I could see the owner's mom is Indian clothes taking the check to other customers, while speaking fluent French.The owner took our order. I wish I was hungrier as I wanted to try several things on the menu.  But my husband and I ordered one dish each.- Papad to start with.- Chole Bhatura  (this is listed as Chef's specialty): I have eaten this dish at many restaurants, including in India, so I know what good chola/bhatura (chickpea/fried bread) tastes like.  The chickpea was cooked perfectly.  Most restaurants don't boil the chickpea enough, leaving it hard.  This was perfectly cooked and the spices were blended in to perfection.  The Bhatura was not the huge fried bread that you see at most restaurants (see the picture I posted).  I wanted to go back to this restaurant during our trip to eat this again. Yes - it's that good.- My husband got Chicken Tikka Masala and cleaned out his plate. The chicken was tender and tasted as good as it does in India.We were too full to try any dessert, but I wanted some tea.  But since I was pregnant, I wanted something non-caffeinated. The owner recommended trying their Ginger Tea which is made fresh in the kitchen. The tea has a blend of ginger, orange peel, lemon peel, anise, bay leaves, and cinnamon. There is no milk in the tea.  OMG - the tea was sooo good!!! I am craving that tea as I sit at my office desk right now.This restaurant has excellent service, and great food.  A must try if you are looking for Indian food during your stay in Montreal.
5	We walked into this place and I was a little wary. It was a little stuffy inside and we were seated on a patio that wasn't the cutest. It also took a little while for us to get waters and order our food.The complaints stop there, so the magic can begin. We ordered sag paneer, madras lamb, and dal balti with chapati. (for those of you who don't know, chapatis are naan made with wheat flour and basically blow naan out of the water)We are brown so we asked for the food extra spicy. IT WAS SO GOOD. Not too salty or greasy and the perfect portions. The food stayed warm the whole time. The chapatis were sooo crispy. The BEST part was the food was actually spicy. There were green chili peppers all over the place!I am so full and sleepy but I wanted to fill out this review because it was so great! I highly recommend this restaurant if you like delicious indian food.[Also, I overheard that they had some last minute issues with their staff that was causing delays. Who cares, so freaking delicious]
5	With so many Indian restaurants serving similar tasting fare this place serves uniquely flavored dishes. The Seekh Kabob appetizer is superb. The Butter Chicken sauce is delightful. I am not an epicure just someone who knows what they like and I like this restaurant. Great service and friendly service in the family run place. Parking is easy to find even during festival season. If you enjoy Indian food then you must give them a taste. I have visited them three times already this year.
3	What an interesting place! They have a terace in the backyard. It's very cozy and silent. The food is cooked slowly, very slowly. But it's a must for the good food. So we were tolerant.The food is very spicy. I mean it's really spicy. Even the mild choices from the menu were very hot! The kids hated forever the place. The parents were happy.  The restaurant has a nice owner. When he saw the kids suffering from the spicy food he brought for free another dish. When the kids were suggested to take a limonade-soda and they didn't like it, the owner accepted back the lemonade and didn't put it in the bill. And one more very important detail: if your liver and stomach are ok, try the spicy food and you'll feel very energized. Even the kids noticed it.
5	After living in San Francisco, Los Angeles, and NJ where the quality of food is very good due to competition, we have pretty high standards when it comes to food. And being Indian, I know good Indian food.  We were lured in by the amazing pictures on the website. We then discovered that this is THE BEST Indian restaurant we have ever eaten at! One word: FLAVORFUL!We came in for Sat dinner and ordered the tandoori fish, chole batura, and chicken tikka appetizer. The Tandoori fish and chicken tikka were cooked to perfection and was delicious! The chole tasted so fresh and clean. The batura was phenomenal and unlike any I have ever had. This place was so good we came back the next day. We ordered the chicken pakora, madras chicken, paneer naan, and CHOLE BATURA AGAIN!!!! The madras chicken was phenomenal and perfect for spice lovers!!!Overall, highly recommend this place. Food does take a little bit of time, but then again, perfection can't be rushed! So just be prepared. Wish there was a place as good as this in NJ/NYC. ***they do have a restaurant in Oakland CA***
5	This is the sort of place I would have walked right by without Yelp advice, so many thanks are due! It is a small charming restaurant with zero curb appeal and wonderful food. A paneer dish with onion, tomato and peas was very flavorful with just the right amount of heat. The experience was well worth the trip.
5	This place was absolutely amazing. The Thali had such a variety of food to eat and try.  Not too spicy, but good enough.  Service was wonderful and the location was tasteful.  Enjoy the mango juice.  You also have the option of eating closer to the floor in one of their traditional seating areas.
5	Food is excellent.  Well seasoned.  Portions are just enough.  Good selection of India beer.  The restaurant is very cosy and intimate.  Don't just show up for dinner, make a reservation especially on the weekends!
5	Sick of the typical French/Italian hybrid menus that we were finding all over Montreal, we were on the lookout for something different.  We made reservations at Darbar for 8pm on a Sunday night.  We're glad we did because the tiny restaurant was packed.  We started with an onion fritter appetizer (forget the name) which was spicy and delicious.  For our main courses, we had Saag Gohst and Madras.  They were both delicious. Madras was really spicy but still delicious.  The garlic naan was superb.  Everything was reasonably priced.We also got beer... There were two options "en fut," the blonde "taj mahal" and the rouge "cobra." We preferred the cobra but both were large, cold and tasty.  The place was pretty tiny and had a few places where you could eat on the floor in the traditional style.  Most people seemed to want a table so definitely specify what you want when you call for a reservation.
4	Just a great experience all around.  We've got many great Indian restaurants at home, but this place was excellent.  The food was consistent and a great value for the price.  Next time we're in Montreal, we'll be back.  Make sure to make reservations as seating is limited.
5	Excellent Indian food! We ordered a meal and had it delivered, the service was prompt and polite and everything was really tasty. The onion bhajis were particularly good, as was the lamb madras (which had a nice kick spice-wise, but wasn't too hot).we'll definitely go here/ order again in the future.
5	We spent a long weekend in Montreal and this was our favorite of all the restaurants we went to. It's small and very friendly, very delicious. Hot (we both ordered spicy items and found them pleasantly seasoned, not too hot), savory, delicious Indian food, perfect portions, tender, flavorful meats, fresh wonderful naan in several varieties. Fast, attentive service. No complaints at all! We will go back next time we are in Quebec.
5	What an absolutely fantastic find! I grew up eating home cooked Indian food, so I am a bit spoiled, and Darbar not only ranks as the best Indian restaurant around but also ranks as some of the finest home cooked Indian food I have eaten. I have a very unusual food allergy (onions and garlic) which makes eating out and getting flavorful food a real challenge. Darbar not only worked with me to find a dish that could be adjusted, the chef came out to ask me if the ingredients he wanted to use for flavor would be acceptable. And after my dish reached the table, he came out to see of his creation was to my liking. AND IT MOST CERTAINLY WAS! The flavors were complex, multilayered. I could taste each ingredient but each one so complemented that overall flavor that it all came together in a symphony of mouthjoy. This food is made and served with love. I don't know else to describe it. The place is family owned and operated I believe. The main server said it was an "honor" to serve each customer there. But I felt it was us who had the honor of eating here and of receiving the fruit of their labours. The place is VERY small. So great for a date or intimate meal. However I believe this lends to its overall ambience. From atmosphere to food quality to the entire staff, I give this five stars. I will be a frequent guest when I am in Montreal.
5	Fantastic food, attentive service and welcoming family staff running the front of house and dad in the kitchen is a wizard of spice and meats. Samosas alone were enough to keep me coming back everyday (had to order them again after the main for dessert as well!)
