4	The ToonSeum is really cool, they have a small space at the Children's museum, and right now have a Peanuts exhibit up. I went to their fundraiser, and was surprised at what an adult event it was. They had balloon animal's, button making and a caricature artist, but it was all kind of high end. Like the button making used all vintage comics, and the balloon animal's were really cool, like hummingbirds sniffing flowers and complex things like that.If you don't mind going to a children's museum, or if you have kids, this place is pretty awesome to check out. And it's a small gallery, so it can easily be part of a big Northside museum day.
4	I really had fun here, and it was a great way to kill about 45 minutes while waiting for my girlfriend. As long as you're prepared for the most obvious fact - this place is small - you will enjoy it too. I went middle of the day, mid-week, and it was fantastic suddenly to escape the hectic business world of downtown Pittsburgh and be the only person in the ToonSeum (other than stuff). It felt great supporting this place too, like you were indulging in the whimsical hobby of a buddy. Hey, we all have our quirks but, now matter how grown up you are, you have to admit cartoons and comics are fun! By the way, seriously, "ToonSeum"? I'm a sucker for puns and plays on words, and I'm astonished I never thought of this name myself!
4	Downtown on a weekend afternoon can be pretty quiet, unless there's some sort of festival/parade. The ToonSeum is a perfect place to visit if you're in the area and have got some time on your hands. (We had extra time before a Heinz Hall performance.)I'm not too well versed in cartoons (other than ones I grew up with) and didn't know about the strip that's their current special exhibit, Brenda Starr, but everything about the museum was still fascinating. I especially enjoyed the desk of the Walt Disney animator, at which you're welcome to sit down and draw. There was also a Daffy Duck cartoon playing on a projector, for a nice touch of nostalgia. The guy at the front desk gave us a very warm welcome and a helpful, brief explanation of the exhibits. The place is small, and it'll take you less than an hour to look around, but it's great to have a place like this downtown.
5	This is a place where geeks can totally geek out! Aside from the cartoon art pieces that brings you back to your childhood, I wanted every and all things in the gift shop. From spider-man bobbleheads, superman lunchboxes, hipster cartoon graphic tees, mugs, and more, this place will make my holiday shopping much much easier since all my friends are just as big of a nerd as i am!There are many more events that this place hosts that gets me even more giddy. Who can resist all night gaming parties on a big pull down screen? Not this geek!
5	First visited Toonseum for a lecture on religious themes in comic books and I was hooked. The exhibits are intriguing, the staff is enthusiastic and infectious, and the space is just wonderful. It is a terrific addition to the Pgh Cultural District. For the holidays, our family bought a membership which is a big investment for us.The Toonseum is very community minded and has been a great collaborator in a community project that I chair. Their team is the first to volunteer to be of service and reaches across communities.  I often incorporate The Toonseum into my community presentations, surveying to see who has heard of it and making sure EVERYONE knows about it when I'm done.
4	Awesome little place, felt like I was in a friend's basement.  The staff is very welcoming and enjoyed showing me around.  I loved being able to draw my own picture at a desk that was once a part of Disney Studios.  That was pretty cool.There's not too much to see here, but there is a couch and lots of books to browse in the gallery.  I took a seat and enjoyed the jazz music playing (a nice compliment to the Funky at Forty exhibit) while flipping through some pages.  I could have easily spent the whole afternoon here if I didn't have other plans.  I can't wait to go back with friends.
5	The ToonSeum is one of Pittsburgh's absolute gems - a unique, welcoming, community-minded organization where they're always trying out new ideas and creating mutually beneficial collaborations. Having worked down the street from the ToonSeum for a few years now, I can say without hesitation that they are wonderful neighbors, very actively engaged in the success and improvement of our block, and of Pittsburgh as a whole. Joe Wos is a fantastic human being - friendly, knowledgeable, passionate about his work, and very concerned about the good of the community.  My organization has partnered with him on a variety of endeavors, and are very lucky to have him on the block!Neighborliness aside, the museum itself is awesome. I personally have no particular interest in comics, cartoons,  animation, or superheroes (I don't *not* like them, I'm just not what you'd call a fan...) but I am nonetheless totally engaged whenever I go in. There's always cool new stuff to look at, books to flip through, and memorabilia to admire - even for the untrained eye like mine.Moral of the story: check it out. A must-see for visitors to Pittsburgh, and a fun place for kids and grownups to stop by regularly.
3	3.5 stars really.My boyfriend and I were looking for a way to kill some time downtown before our friend's wedding. Having lived in Pittsburgh for 4 years in college, we had done most of the obvious choices, so he hopped online to look for something new. He found the Toonseum.Conveniently located on Liberty, the Toonseum is a small but fun space devoted to cartoon/comic art. The lobby doubles as a gift shop, which leads to the main gallery. A side door takes you to a second small exhibit in a hallway, which goes into a third, larger, rotating exhibit. The spaces are all bright and clean and well organized. There was also a guide to give a brief introduction to the museum and their current collections.In all, for a mere $5 per person, it was a fun, fascinating, and unique way to spend an hour. We were pleasantly surprised and impressed.Note: Despite what many people think, cartoon/comic art is not "just for kids." In fact, when we visited, the rotating exhibit in the third room was very adult-oriented, and kids under 16 were not permitted. The main exhibit was appropriate for all ages, but if you took the time to read the text accompanying the drawings, there was deep philosophical and political meaning too. So yes, kids will love the cool drawings and superhero stuff, but there's more to it than that.
2	*shrug* I definitely don't see the appeal with this place.  I guess it would be OK if you were a true affectionado of the science and artistry behind cartooning.  But even then the collection is awfully small and limited by museum standards.  Toonseum is more of a small boutique of artwork, it's literally two walls of stills and cells with the occasional prop and a cartoon playing on the overhead screen.  Honestly,  I've seen more original animation cells and comic stills at Disney stores and memorabilia shops.  It will probably take the average Joe 10 to 15 minutes to see everything here and it doesn't seem to be raking in crowds off the street.  I get the feel they take in more proceeds off chartering their attached workshop as a meeting/event room than from general admission.Cute little bookshop/trinkets area with memorabilia for sale in the front.  Got a spiffy Underdog t-shirt for the wife.Overall, I do give Toonseum props for what they're trying to accomplish.  But for now, as a paying customer, I wouldn't be able to recommend this place especially with other more formidable Pittsburgh attractions nearby.
4	REALLY COOL museum, but just TOO SMALL.  They only have 3 exhibits here, and we spent maybe only 25 minutes looking at them slowly and thoroughly.  We even wandered upstairs looking for the rest of the museum, but were told by the receptionist that there were only apartments upstairs.  Admission is $5.  Check out their website for current exhibits which seem to change every few months.  Think the place would be better if they had maybe double the space--they could probably have several permanent exhibits and a few temporary ones, like most museums.   The current batman exhibit is interesting and informative and worth the price of admission.   Check out my pictures for highlights.Currently, their three exhibits, which run until September, are1. Care Bears:  boring. 2. Pearls Before Swine:  Hilarious comic strip.  However, this exhibit was merely several framed original comic strips, that aren't all that different from what you might read in the newspaper or on the web.  It would have been better if there were more information about the artist, the creative process, background of the characters, etc...3. Pittsburgh as Gotham:  By far the best exhibit and the main reason to visit this museum.  Be sure to check this out before October 7th.  There's comic art, props from ``The Dark Knight Rises",  editorial cartoons, and pictures of Pittsburgh used in the movie.
5	Ever wonder what's behind those statues on Liberty Ave. downtown?  I know I have, and now that mystery is finally answered for me.  Welcome to the ToonSeum.Great space, even if it is a small space, they make sure to use every inch of space that they can.  I love how they combined the new and the old, building wise.  It's a great touch of how they opened up the wall for a doorway and you can see the exposed brick.  Current exhibits are quite unique, and can take you on a nostalgic trip back in time to your childhood.  I know it did for me when I viewed the Care Bear exhibit.  Gotham Pittsburgh was quite fun too.  If you are there to just view, this may be a pricey quick stop for you ($5 admission for an adult).  But if you want to stay a while they have things to keep you busy.  For instance you can draw a picture at one of their tables.  Maybe grab a book of your favorite comic strip and flip through the pages, or discover a new favorite.  There are many to choose from.  Or you could just stand and stare at a picture and have a flashback to a memory.  Small selection of gifts by the main entrance.  Cartoon character rings, small figurines, and slap bracelets (awesome!).  Or you could just leave with a smile on your face.
3	This is one of those places I wanted to love when I found out it existed. I'm a geek, I'm a nerd, and I'm a huge lover of animation - the ToonSeum should be perfect for me, shouldn't it? I can't say I outright LOVE the ToonSeum, unfortunately, but over time it's definitely grown on me. My first experience was a little lackluster since at the time the museum had shut down its third changing exhibit, and as such I only had two tiny main galleries to explore, which focused on local and sport artwork instead. And i do mean tiny; I could have walked through the whole place in under 10 minutes, easily, if I hadn't forced myself to slow down a bit during my viewing. I ended up coming back over the holidays during a special event and found that I enjoyed the ToonSeum quite a bit more at that event than I had previously. The third room's artwork - all having to do with superheroes at the time - was really cool, and the hands-on activities were really fun as well. I also enjoyed browsing in the museum's admittedly small shopping area, which has a nice little range of books, toys, and comics.In a nutshell, I'd say this is the perfect place to kill some time between errands or events downtown, especially if you're an animation/comic fan. It's not like other museums where you could plan a whole day out around it, but it's a great side trip and a nice little addition to downtown.
5	Affordable birthday gifts for that special little guy. So my little bro turned 10 and I just had to get him something incredibly cool.  Many an afternoon I had walked past TonnSeum and I thought to myself if I were a little dude,  boy would I love to go in there and spend the day. So armed with my wallet I made the short trek down to the store.  Inside is so cozy, cheerful, adventurous , bright and colorful.  Walking through the door immediately put me at ease.  This store is the polar opposite of  of stuffy , and even has a gallery too! Anyhow so I said to the cashier with black framed glasses and a tiny pixie face..."I am looking for something really cool that a ten year old would like. Do you have anything like that?"  An incredibly absurd question to be asked since everything in the store was oozing with awesomeness.  However the angel faced pixie just hopped into action.  In a flash she was down in the kids section on her haunches going through the kids comics she pulled out a tiny Avatar comic. That friends sealed the deal for many birthday days to come. How great instead of sitting behind the registers she got up and showed me where to look and that I liked very much. Also a Marvel black super hero mug caught my eye too.  So my mug and comic book cost $14.99 not too shabby for a Downtown retailer. I've got two young men in my family who will be getting many gifts from this store.  Check 'em out, even if just to browse.
3	I hate to say it, but Darren and I were both a little let down by Toonseum. Darren's a big comics fan (luckily he knew who most of the artists were since there wasn't anything telling visitors who the illustrators were) and I am big into animation (I went to school for it at one time), but we were underwhelmed simply because they don't have much to look at. There's just a hall and then a larger room that they use for meetings and such (it can be rented out or reserved I think). It could be a really cool museum if there was just more to it. I got bored in here after a half hour. The gift shop is pretty cool, though even if they don't have anything you can't find at other comics or book shops in the city (they have mostly graphic novels for sale, some new comics, and some toys and curios). But for $5, it's a fun, harmless way to kill some time Downtown.
2	The world could use more small-time museums, but it's a tough road for those with modest endowments and only a niche market. One thing that cartooning has going for it, however, is that it lends itself very nicely to a gallery space. Toonseum is not very big, but I enjoyed my one visit here.That said, in 2011 I contributed to a modest Kickstarter campaign they promoted to help raise funds for a new gallery, and judging by the comments on their Kickstarter page, I am pretty sure I wasn't the only backer that wasn't sent a promised reward. Subsequent messages went unanswered. That left a pretty sour taste in my mouth. Someone in the organization really laid an egg.
3	Good place for what it is. We were looking for a way to kill time, and stumbled upon this museum. The current exhibit was Marvel vs. DC. It was cool to see some of the original sketches and strips, how characters changed over time and some of the "behind the scenes" of what it took to create a cartoon/comic in different periods of time. To see a little more about the evolution of cartoon/comic/graphic novels, and maybe a few more captions/placards to describe/ explain the pictures would make the museum a little more dynamic. Nice (but super tiny) gift shop. Great price. Friendly staff.
4	The current exhibit on superheroes/comics is awesome. We were in town over the holiday and went to see it. At $8 a person you really can't beat the price. The staff are very friendly and knowledgeable. Nice gift shop, but tiny and cramped when busy.My only complaint is I wish the Toonseum were bigger, but for the price you can't beat it.
