4	When Rick and I come down to the Strip District we sometimes stop at Strip District Meats.  Depends on what we're in the mood for.  It definitely has that Old World Strip District feel to it.  Believe it or not their head butcher once studied art and sculpture at CMU which gave him an idea of how to arrange everything so the customer can get a vision of a wonderful meal.They can do holiday orders here.  And all their meats can be prepared to order. If you need suggestions, their staff can help you.  We mainly get our meat here when we're planning a special meal.  We love the smoked meats here and the sausages (except Italian--we get that at Donatelli's).
3	I've only been here once, but I had a good experience with the employees. Their prices are pretty competitive and they have some great exotic meats.  The quality is fine.  I wasn't expecting (where I normally get my organic meat) wonderful quality, but since there was a huge line (even right before closing on a Monday) I figured I could trust the majority vote. It's better than Giant Eagle, but not as great as John McGinnis on rt 88 or Thomas in Saxonburg. I haven't tried the bison we got when we where there yet, but it's on the slate for dinner this week!
4	This place is one of the Strip District staples, in my book.  You see, I have this goal in my life to eat every kind of animal I can possibly get my hands on.  I'm up to 33 different animals at this point (lumping all fish into one category,) and Strip District Meats has helped me add a few new ones to the list.I've always had good service here.  I don't know if the prices are reasonable because I'm always buying weird stuff and rarely have a standard for comparison.  I once got absolutely phenomenal duck breasts from here.  Of course, it may just have been my culinary expertise that made them as phenomenal as they were, but the quality of the meat couldn't have hurt.  I really do like this place.
1	Arrived approximately 20 minutes before closing time (which was 3PM).Was not greeted professionally by employees (morons would be a better description).A female employee who seemed to be in charge of closing the store was very vocal regarding "closing time".  She was very agitated and appeared to be in need of mental health medicine.Audible & inappropriate comments were made by several employees, with other customers standing around.Proceeded with purchase which took approximately 10 minutes.As I left the store, another customer entered at approximately 2:55PM (I wonder if she got out of there alive).Strip District Meats may have a nice selection of meats, but is not the only meat store in the strip.Nice selection of meats, poor selection of staff.  I have been shopping here for years, but will now take my business to Saleem's and Robert Wholey's, etc.
5	I LOVE this place. First time I dropped by was when I had a craving for some bison burgers, but didn't want to shell out the cash to go to Burgatory. The bison was incredibly flavor and juicy, though all we did was salt and pepper it (they were cooked after a Steelers game and we were in no capacity to do anything more than salt and pepper). I have bought their bison a few times along with a couple of NY strips, ground lamb, and ground venison. The NY strips didn't seem to be any better than you can get at Giant Eagle on a good day, but the lamb was just as amazing as the ground bison. We made burgers out of the venison (we're burger and steak people, yes), which were pretty delicious, though of all meats for a burger, bison holds my heart.I've never had issues with the staff. Sure, they aren't super perky like the attendants at GE, but that doesn't really bother me. I've almost always managed to get in and out pretty quickly. The customers are indeed another story lol. On weekends it's a big mix of everyone, of course, since that is when the Strip is busiest. During the weekdays - hehe, it's an adventure.Anyhoo, their prices are comparable to other butchers I have visited around town and their selection of meats is incredible. Check the exotic meats. My boyfriend and I are planning on trying out a couple of those sometime in the near future. :D
4	This is a meat lovers paradise, everything is fresh, so heavenly fresh and God so affordable. On my latest visit I purchased pork chops, hot Italian sausage and a 5 pound bag of chicken wings for less than $35.  Rewind to last year, I started to notice that Giant Eagle chicken wings have become giant grotesque flavorless monster meat. Because of this I started shopping at Strip District Meats.  The wings are appropriately sized and delicious. In fact everything I've purchased here is delicious. The hot sausage has got to be the best I've ever eaten. They're good every way to, grilled, baked, fried, boiled etc... I couldn't be more pleased with the selection and quality of meats. They have just about everything under the sun including chorizo!!!  Be warned though, this butcher shops is tiny and gets packed. The staff moves fast but it can get cramped in there. It's a boisterous crowd that shops in there. This is my go to meat shop.
3	Rattlesnake, bison, wild boar, elk, ostrich, duck legs, kurubota pork...they have it all, which is pretty neat.  But I get the feeling that they don't most of their business selling exotic species, but rather in 5 lb. or 25 lbs. orders of chicken wings.  SInce I LOVE chicken wings, I'm all for it.  BUT, the place, I think, is a little gimmick-y, and not necessarily the high-brow, grass-fed, source meat place you might think of when looking for kurubota.  That said, it's great to stop in and see such a wonderfully diverse selection.  Cool find, good prices, even for the fancy stuff.
5	No-carb diet...meat, meat, meat...how do I love thee...let me count the weighs...I have to start off with I'm basically a poor secretary. I am also of German and Slovak blood lines...or blood clots, as the tendency to lean toward short and round is a constant battle to avoid. I do NOT embrace my muffin top or man-boobs, nor will I, and the only diet that I've found that works in keeping those at bay is the low-to-no-carb diet. This means...meat. I have gone around da burgh trying to find not only affordable for a meat heavy diet, but also GOOD. From the big bird scavengers, to the low end Save-A-Lots, and several mom and pops in between. NONE of them can compare to the taste and price (and that's the important combo here) of Strip District Meats.I used to work in the Strip, and got to know these guys pretty well, and I also got to know the ins and outs of shopping there.First, let's cover the selection. From your average steaks, chickens, and pigs. You want it, they've got it. And although they DO specialize in the hefty packs for the WIC crowd, they will give you what you ask for. Just ask them like they're people, and not like you're some uppity foodie. This IS the old time butcher shop from the 50's. You don't need ten pounds of wings? Ask for five. They'll give you five. Their bacon is outstanding, and you can get it 'rind on' or 'rind off'. Their own recipe kielbasa is delish. They also have sausage, bulk or link, from breakfast to hot, that is very good. Hams. Beefs roasts. Pork roasts. Ribs. It's all there, and it isn't triple marked up like the big bird.In the freezer coffers, they also have an impressive selection of exotic meats, from bison to ostrich to gator. Those prices can be a big heftier, but how often are you going to whip up a batch of Gator bites? (don't cringe. Cafe Tu Tu Tango in Florida, regular menu item, served with a spicy mustard sauce, and YUM. Yeah...tastes like chicken).The staff is FANTASTIC...if you treat them like people. Be a jerk, you're going to get it right back. Henry, Lorenzo, Bee...kind, helpful, and good humans.Here's the trick. If you are an 'average Joe', do NOT go during prime shopping hours. Get there early on weekdays and Sundays, and avoid Saturdays. The earlier in the week, the better. This IS a shop that handles the WIC (formerly food stamp) program. The clientele can be unruly, rude, and plentiful. They will be on their cell phones, their children will probably NOT be watched, and they WILL be mouthy, aggressive and downright annoying. AND, if you get there later in the day, or in the middle of that rush, you WILL get the residual attitude from real people who have been dealing with that circus all day, all week, every week, every month.Think of it like avoiding the mall the day before Christmas. Use your brain.My thing is chuck steaks. I like them a certain size, to be a meal, and I like them juicy and flavorful. I eat them medium rare, leaning toward rare.I have tried Aldi. They turned grey in the broiler. I've tried Save-A-Lot. They turned grey in the broiler. I tried Salem's Market, home of Halal. $35 for decent steak, but who can afford that regularly? I tried Foster's Meats in Lawrenceville. They we're slightly pricier, but the same quality. Then the owner killed himself in the cooler, and that was the end of Foster's. Giant Eagle. You want HOW MUCH? Forget that. Las Palmas in Brookline. Good steaks, but again, a $30 price tag. Anderson's in the Strip. Reasonable price, but they didn't even look like real meat in the package. Turned grey in the broiler. Three meal-sized chuck steaks at Strip District Meats, full of juice and flavor, fresh cut, beautifully pink in the broiler. Between $7 and $10 for the pack of three.THAT'S what I'm talking about.And if rumor has it right, if you're there on the right day, the owner's son Ray just may give you one hell of a floor show!Truly, this is now THE only place I will buy my meats. I'm just smart about when. Timing is everything. And my 49 year old 'muffin top' fits just fine in a 32 inch waist, thank you VERY much!
5	Holy Cow !!!!  & Pork & Chicken & Buffalo & Wild Boar !!!  I LOVE THIS PLACE !  Every time I am in the Strip, I drop a heavy coin at this meat market.  First, the staff is very helpful, attentive, accommodating and friendly and the place is clean & spotless.  The best thing about this meat market is that they have a huge variety of super fresh meats & cured meats, as well as, a variety of exotic meats like, Kangaroo, Goat & Buffalo.   I got an amazing Goat leg there today at a very reasonable price and I cant wait to make stew with it.  I also bought Kobe beef and ground Kangaroo. This is an A+++ affordable market and once you buy from here you will wish you lived nearby.  I love the staff here; they are so friendly and funny and always make you feel welcome.  Do NOT miss shopping at this gem, there is nothing like it nearby.  It is fabulous !!
5	Shame on me for not finding this place until last week..30 plus years of going to the Strip. Pick an animal, any animal.Pick a style of that meat.Yep...they've got it.My son and I had kangaroo last week, waygu beef tonight. The place is seemingly always packed. Prices are very reasonable for all that they can provide. Rabbit, Llama, camel, python, elk, antelope etc. etc. etc.
4	This is a great little butcher shop. I have come in several times, mainly on a whim and usually during Thanksgiving looking for a turkey, and have always been pleasantly surprised by the quality of the meats they have present.I will continue to return.
