5	I absolutely love my hair!  Tiffany is amazing and always gives me perfect long layers as well as lo-lights & hi-lights!I've also had my hair cut & hi-lights by Lina...great job.  :)
5	I found Tiffany through a friend of hers that does waxing and was really happy with my experience at Bombshell. The salon isn't over the top fancy, but that's kind of what I love about it! I've lived in Vegas for over 19 years and have been to SO MANY different salons and its always the same.. Fancy-shmancy salon with stuck up hair dressers and sky high prices, but still the cut/color is nothing to write home about. Bombshell is super cute and Tiffany was great, she listened to what I wanted and delivered it for a really good price. I will be returning for my next haircut, and might even stop in for some color before then.
5	I usually get my haircut from the Director of Spa and Salon in Aria, but I wanted to try a place near my house and burning over $200 each time for a trim that looks like I can do at home wasn't "cutting" it for me anymore. So... I went to my most trusted source to look for my next hair stylist... YELP. After reviewing a few places and I stumbled upon CM Misti's review on Tiffany. If Misti says that's her go-to hair lady, she's not messing around and I trust all her reviews. That being said I was sold and made an appointment with Tiffany on: http://www.bookfresh.com/profile/969485082Such an easy, convenient approach in making an appointment. You literally pick what you want done, the time, and a confirmation is sent to your email to let you know that Tiffany is informed and will send another email to confirm the appointment is set. Love that!I went in and even though there were extensions in some stations and hair on the floor at another. Tiffany greeted me warmly and told me to have a seat and she'll be right with me. She asked what I wanted done and I briefly told her.. just a trim, would like more body, but I want to keep my length. For some spectacular reason, I finally felt a hair stylist understood what I wanted and she delivered even more! She told me she loved doing hair even when she was little and I believe it, since it seemed so second nature to her. I didn't even second guess what she was doing and let her do her thing. She seriously knows the art of hair expertise. I have never seen my hair look so long after a hair CUT... and my hair looked flawless like in those Vogue magazines. Strike a pose! Dreamy, light, flowy... like dancing with the wind... my hair never looked so beautified. I kid you not... after my haircut, I have never had so many compliments in my life. I referred Many girlfriends, all very happy with their haircuts, and she gave them such a great deal! Better than mine! I'm jelly!!!! :P Honestly, for what I used to pay at Aria to the results I received from getting a cut from Tiffany.. I wish I known about her sooner!!! Such an amazing, extremely reasonable price for what you're getting... I never felt so good to leave and feel so satisfied with my results. Even the next day at work, a few coworkers mentioned how long my hair was growing!!!?!! Say whaaaaat??? Shhh to myself.. hehe I just Cut my hair suckas!! Before I tried so many attempts to curl my hair and it never turned out the way I hoped for.. But not anymore!!! I achieved the look I always wanted each and every time now when I curl it! Ahhh such a great feeling.. FINALLY! Tiffany is very easy going, personable, and knows her craft in your hair cut needs. I don't have Any doubt at all that she can't give you what you want. She excelled above and beyond in what I wanted.. and the best part of all.. I was in and out of there in a flash. My appointment was punctual and I actually left early!!! I trust her with my hair and that's Very rare for me to say... highly highly highly... recommend her to anybody! Every day is a great hair day for me... compliments from Tiffany. Thank you so very much and I just made my next appointment that literally took a few seconds to make :) Btw she doesn't take credit cards at the moment, so remember to bring only cash or check for payment!!! She's by appointment only, so I would just book online on the website I provided on top. Easy Breezy!!! Other than that.. prepare for a big smile leaving this place. Say cheese!!!
5	I love, love, love Tiffany! :D she makes my hair look so amazing that people ask me if I am a hairdresser. I completely trust her with my hair, I give her very little direction and yet I still get exactly what I want. I drive half way across town just to go have her do my hair. Her salon is not crazy Vegas spa style, but you feel SOO comfortable when you walk in and Tiffany is so sweet and fun to talk to :)
5	After much debate on who to have my extensions done by, I found this place on yelp. Upon first call, I found the stylist extremely professional and adaptable to my schedule. I was an extension virgin, so I was very nervous upon arrival. My stylist Perla totally out me at ease! She explained the different types of extensions, the pros and cons as well as the variety of costs. I could immediately tell she truly cared. I decided to get 808 human hair fusion bonded to my naturally auburn hair. She found a color that matched perfectly. Perla fit me in the same day for installation. It took about five to do. I love them!! It has been almost two months and I go back to perla weekly to have her wash my hair. She is always able to fit me in last minute. I knew she was perfect when I had a crisis with my extensions, after another stylist knotted them washing them they spent 4 hours attempting to untangle them. Perla came in early so she could fit me in first thing the next day. She was able to fix my hair Perfectly within 15 minutes!! She seriously has a gift! I will never go anywhere else.
5	After having a few hair stylist that flaked on me I decided to go to kasadee at Bombshell hair & extension co. I am a blonde and had some damage done due to a stylist not keeping on eye on how fast i process. She immediatley told me my hair needed some extra love and she took her time to make sure she didn't damage it further. Next time i went to her i wanted to do a blonde ombre' - she took so much time and paid attention to so much detail it was amazing. You can tell she is genuine in her approach and wants the final outcome to be perfect. I have done extensions in the past and can't wait for Kasadee to do them for me in the near future!!
1	Salon was dirty, color was Insufficiently applied and washed off in a week.
5	Tiffany the owner is a sweetheart & does a amazing job! I won't ever go anywhere else! :)
5	I wanted to give an update on my fusion hair extensions that Perla put in over 4 months ago! My hair looks awesome still. Perla has been moving my extensions up every 3 weeks or so, so I do not have any issues with my fusion extensions dreading together. Perla has been extremely flexible with washing my hair every 4 days. I use dry shampoo in between washes and I love it. I am equally happy with my hair 4 month later as I was day 1!!
5	Tiffany is so wonderful I can't tell you enough that you need to go get your hair done by her and her team. You will love the color, cut and price. She is a miracle worker!I have been getting my hair done since 2008 by Tiffany and have not had one time where I get compliments the second I walk out the door.Book today!
5	Perla Capetillo is a hair magician!  Moreover, she has a heart of gold.  I found Perla through word of mouth and thought I would try her since I had been getting my hair done at an expensive nearby salon for years, and, quite frankly it looked like crap - so something needed to change.  Enter: Perla the hair magician.  Now, you would think that when you spend $2k to get your hair done that it will come out looking fabulous, right?  Wrong! The girl that I went to at this other salon (NOT Bombshell, but nearby) pulled bleach over my regrowth line and BURNED EIGHT INCHES of my hair off!!!  This is the mess that I walked in with that Perla had to fix.  Not only was my hair fried off, but my self esteem went right along with it.  I was literally in tears about my hair being fried off and looked like freakin Rod Stewart!  I was a mess in all forms of the word.Perla was SO patient with me.  Admittedly, I am one of the pickiest, most high-maintenance nightmare clients on the face of the earth.  I want my hair PERFECT.  I know that I make unreasonably high demands about my hair.  But PERLA WORKED MAGIC ON MY HAIR.  She took her time, she watched my hair like a hawk as it developed so that there was no further damage incurred, she did a KERATIN TREATMENT which sealed the cuticle and made it SO healthy and shiny, then she installed a beautiful set of high-quality hair extensions, cut them, and styled it into pure perfection.  I walked into her salon looking (and feeling) like a nightmare, I walked out looking and feeling beautiful!  People always compliment me on my hair and say "Wow it's so healthy and shiny." The best part ... they don't even know that I have extensions!  If you want beautiful, healthy, gorgeous hair - then go to Perla.  She is AMAZING!!!
5	I got a blow out and flat iron by Kasadee. My hair smells wonderful and I am really excited to see how long the blow out lasts. I have set up an appointment for Saturday for extensions.
5	I got my hair done by Kari for the first time about a month a go after moving from out of state to vegas and searching for someone in the area to do my hair and extensions.  Since I am a blonde I  was super hesitant to let anyone new touch my hair since blonde hair can be so fragile and can be damaged easily. I am so pleased with my highlights and extensions and would absolutely recommend Kari to anyone in vegas who is looking for someone who is affordable , knowledgeable, and experienced with color and extensions.A month later my extensions look great and I am in love with my highlights and haircut, I am so glad I found someone in vegas to trust my hair with !
5	Tiffany and Perla are both great for extensions, my extensions turned out really well and the price was really reasonable. I used to spend thousands on Great Length fusion that ended up damaging my hair; I trusted Tiffany's recommendation on going with the locks/tape-ins this time and I am glad I did. I appreciate the flexibility in scheduling. Thank you ladies!
5	Amber gave me the haircut I have been striving for, for over a year. You can tell she knows what she is doing and that she love her job. Thank you Amber
3	It's been difficult to get ahold of anyone to get maintenance done on my extensions.
4	I called Bombshell and was able to get a next morning appointment.  I had a horrible cut from another salon and needed to get it fixed.  I brought in two pictures, and Amber was able to recreate a cute cut at a very affordable rate.  Happy to have found a great stylist, near my home, with great prices!
5	I did some searching and happened to find Amber on fb and I'm so glad that I did.  While hanging out in Vegas I decided to get color and a brazilian blowout. I usually relax my hair, but I thought I'd give it try. The results were fabulous!  Amber is great! I'll definitely return for my touch-up.
5	Today was my first visit with Amber and I'm in love! I went in for a cut and color and was blown away. The color turned out better than I could ever imagine. Exactly what I wanted. And the cut, OMG, amazing! She cut about 3 inches off my hair and thinned it out, as I have a lot of very thick hair.  I'm not going to lie, I was skeptical of trying a new salon, but I am so glad I did. I'm from California and have been trying out salons out there for awhile, but never found anyone I really liked. Now I've found my dream hair stylist. Words cannot explain how happy I am with my new look. I will never go to another salon again. Even if i do move back to CA after I finish school out here in Vegas I will come see Amber. I'm recommending Amber to everyone! You will not be disappointed! Thank you so much Amber!!!!!
5	Kasadee is a wonderful stylist. I highly recommend her and Bombshell for cuts/ color / extensions and styling. I have never been disappointed going here. Kasadee is not only friendly but she is very professional and skilled.  Prices are reasonable and scheduling is a breeze. If I could give more stars for service  I would.  If you're going to get your hair done in the valley it should be at Bombshell.
5	I absolutely love this salon!! Kasadee is perfect with everything she does. She obviously loves what she does and you can see how much that is when you look in the mirror at the end. I have been going to her for two years. My first appointment was for extensions. She was so knowledgeable and helpful when I was choosing which route to go that would fit my lifestyle.  I've gone from dark hair to highlights to black hair and now today an absolutely amazing ombre!!!! She can literally do EVERYTHING!
5	Happened to search haircut on Yelp to find a good place to blend in my extensions with a cut and Bombshell had such great reviews and I got to experience first hand why it's so great. First of all I got a cut from Kasadee (sorry if it's misspelled) my daughter got her bangs cut by her as well. She did such a great job with both of us. She was super nice and it was refreshing to finally go to a salon where the stylists aren't snobby. Another awesome point is that there are sooooooooo reasonably priced! That's always a plus. Overall it was a great experience. Love the decor too! I will definitely be making this my official permanent go to salon. Keep it up Bombshell!
5	I moved to Vegas about 2 years ago and was looking for a place to call my hair salon. I'm a loyal customer. Once I find someone I like, that is. Well one evening I was having Sushi and noticed this cute little salon next door. I saw the words "hair extensions" and I knew I had to look them up. Yelp confirmed that this place was worth a try. I called the next day and was greeted by a warm voice who said her name was Kasadee and gave me an appointment soon thereafter and was very flexible with my hectic schedule. I'm a mother of two and work full time so it's not always easy to make an appointment, but she has always made time for me. Well on the day of my appointment I walked in and immediately liked Kasadee. She was warm and friendly and realistically told me what to expect and what would work and how she planned on helping me achieve the look I wanted. She does such a remarkable job that I wouldn't trust anyone else with my hair anymore. The true sign of a good hairdresser and someone who knows how to put in extensions is when no one can tell I have extensions. Ask for Kasadee!! You won't regret it.
5	Today was the first time I have gotten my hair cut at this salon and I had a great experience. I called in around 11:30 AM (Tuesday) to see if they had any openings for the day, Amber answered and said she could get me in immediately if I was interested. Right when I walked in I was pleasantly greeted by Amber who was also the hairstylist helping me.Going in I knew I would have a bit of a tricky cut because I am in the awkward growing out stage of an a-line haircut. Amber consulted me both on my current cut and what I was looking for in my new cut, I explained to her I was looking to even the angle out as much as possible without cutting it into a bob, she agreed and gave her input on the suggested haircut.As she was cutting she was very open about what she was doing and even further consulted me along the way before making major snips in the front. We again talked abut my vision and she not only stuck with it, but nailed it! Like I said I went in with an a-line in the midst of growing out, yet after the cut and blow dry you couldn't even tell!Beyond the awesome cut and excellent customer service, the prices are fantastic. I went in with freshly washed/wet hair, so there was no need for a shampoo (not sure if this reduced my total or not)... Anyway, for a cut, blowout and style my total came to $30; considering the job well done, great customer service, and nice atmosphere - it was a total steal! I will definitely be going back and would recommend that anyone try them out as well.
5	I got my hair done by Amber this morning. This woman is amazing. I highly recommend her to anyone who wants to get their hair done exactly the way they envision it!! She did a very nice ombre on me! I love it. It looks awesome!  She is very freindly too. We talked about so much while she did my hair. You guys have to check her out if you are in vegas. Thanks again Amber!!
5	After having my hair butchered over & over again, I came to Amber to fix my hair. She is like a hair doctor! She did a brazillian blowout (yes im asian with curly hair) and she re-layered my hair. It has never looked so good in my life! She is definately skilled in her profession & is now my only hair stylist. Great place and atmosphere too
5	Had a great experience today with Amber! She advised us on what route would be best for my daughters hair type, and the results were amazing! We have both been going to another salon that was over priced and the work was mediocre and not worth it! Amber has great style, experience and great prices. My daughters hair was damaged beyond belief and was a mixture of 5 different colors, following a few months of neglect. We left with silky brown locks and we couldn't be more pleased. Thanks Bombshell!!!!
5	The best! Honestly - I have never left any other hair salon SO HAPPY and satisfied with the results like this one today. I am originally from Germany and just moved to Vegas so I was looking for a great hair salon and a hair dresser that I could trust. Jackpot! I got an appointment with Audrey and she did everything I asked and wished for and more. She took the time and effort to get my hair the way I wanted it to look! I am not sure if I had just gone to the wrong hair dressers in Germany but now I finally have my long blonde hair cut the way it looks beautiful wearing it open. Audrey listened to my suggestions and wishes and gave me advise and tips as well.  And for hair wash, hair cut, blow drying and styling I paid only $32!!! Just amazing!I will definitely be back! Thank you Audrey! I will spread the word in both Vegas and Germany!
5	So happy with my cut. The last time I got my hair cut (somewhere else!) I was so unhappy so I was a little nervous but Brianna did an awesome job. Just cut off a few inches and gave me some layers but I'm so happy with how it turned out :)
5	I found this salon through Yelp, what a gem!  Recently moved to Vegas from Toronto, I have been looking for a new place to get my hair done.  My hair is fine and a bit frizzy, I straighten it or put it in a ponytail but I never know what to ask for to make it look thicker.  Brianna was amazing!  She talked me into light layers and recommended some curls and the price was fantastic.  Highly Recommend her.
5	Its very hard to find a good hairdresser but ill definitely come back to this place. I was very happy w hair cut and high lights I got.
5	Let me start off by saying that I have never left a salon feeling completely satisfied with the end result. Bombshell Hair & Extension Co. has been the first to change that.I went in for a haircut to blend my clip-ins with my natural hair, and I expected nothing more than just a cut. But Amber took the extra time to curl my hair with my extensions in, just so I could see what it would look like! I left feeling so happy and honestly just wanted to walk around a mall or something to show off my new hair lolAmber is great and very energetic, even at 8 in the morning. Love this place and I'd go back anytime!
1	Called twice on separate days because of how desperately I need a haircut since I haven't cut it in months, and no one answered. Called again today after waiting a few days to have a lady answer and tell me to text her my info. so she can get back to me because she was busy with a client. Uh, ok?I text her my name and availability and that I just want a haircut.She calls back a while later and says that she's not open, even though I sent her three different times within the next week. She asks me what I want done again and once I tell her she goes, "Oh, you just want a haircut?" Yes woman!I just need a damn haircut, mind you I haven't gone to decent salon in years and have been looking forward to going to a good one!She then informs me that she is still unavailable and that maybe one of the other girls can do it. Uhhh yeah I don't care who cuts it, at this point.She says she'll have one of the other girls call or text me.That was before 1 p.m. today and it is now 9:40 p.m.Holy s****, didn't realize it was so hard to book a haircut at a salon!!Needless to say, I booked an appointment with Kelly Cardenas Salon on their easy to use online system and I am super excited. Thanks for nothing, Bombshell.
5	Had my hair done recently by Amber she was so nice and understanding about what you have envisioned about your hair! I'm so glad I went to amber to get my hair done! It turned out beautiful.
4	Called and got an appt quickly. Audrey was jyst a few years out of beauty school but did a fantastic job! She was quick and efficient and friendlyGoing back for cut and extensions for my daughter.  Loved it!!
5	Today I went from a copper to a beautiful blonde fall baylage!!! Audrey is amazing at what she does. PERFECTIONIST staff is great energy here is nothing but positive!!! And the black/hot pink decor w/ Marilyn Monroe every is FAB
1	Casadee complains about having stripper clients and coworkers yet she does hair in las vegas, laughable.  Also since she's only an assistant a stylist she should be grateful for the clients she does have instead of insulting them right to their face.. once when she did my hair she was saying someone was tall and thin what more can a girl want.. well I was in her chair and im short and curvy and I happen to like my body I'm glad I don't have a 12 year old boy body and I'd be skeptical of any man who did like those type of bodies. She's just an immature assistant I don't know how her extensions are but her cut and color is ok not worth going back. This salon gets 1 star in my book because they employed such a rude girl.
