3	This 2nd floor store  (near JCP) reminds me of Jeans Warehouse and Local Fever, two popular chain clothing stores (lots of the clothing is under $20) in Oahu, Hawaii. There were several racks of tank striped maxi dresses, ranging in price from $12.99 to $29.99. The pricing was a little better than the store across the way, Ever. What really caught my eye was the fact that there was a large selection of lightweight colorful printed scarves for $10.99 and under, Capelli was a brand name I recognized. These scarves would make a great gift for the women in your family. I also saw black tights, some brands I saw at Ross stores. As I went through, the store kind of reminded me of Papaya (only saw this store in California), which appeals to the teen and young- 20's age range. Overall, I thought the tank maxi dresses at $12.99 would make ideal coverups, but just wished the availability of colors were a bit better. I really like the Cotton-On store here in the Meadows Mall (and on occasion Macy's) but would be interested in browsing periodically through the dresses and scarves here at this store.
1	Bought a watch 2 days ago and I was worried that it wouldn't fit so I talked to the manager Brandi and she said if it doesn't fit my wrist I can return it within 2 weeks. Well it didn't fit so I returned the NEXT day to take it back, with the receipt, and the worker said it was against their policy to exchange or return accessories. No where does it say that. not even on the receipt! So I called this morning to talk to Brandi again and different employee answered and said that Brandi wasn't there & that I wasn't welcomed back to the store for calling them all night cussing them out- wait WHAT?! When did I do this? And how dare they accuse me of something like this. I will not return to this horribly run store. Not to mention their clothes are pretty pricy for being such low quality. Every time I bought something from here it has either ripped or had a button fall off.
5	This little place was great the girl in the store was amazing she gave us a room put all of r stuff in it while we were still looking around. They has some great deal. I got these cute jeans for 10:00 any where else 60.00 and up.I found a lot of great things and just like said the prices r way to good to pass up.Go one time u don't like it then u don't like it. Just for the prices give it a try.
