2	Meh. The selection here was mediocre. I used to remember loving J Crew in high school. The quality and design has really gone downhill over the many seasons. They used to have great finds in the clearance section and now when I browse... I think that there is a reason why this thing is marked 90% off and still on the racks!!!
4	Premium Outlets is a great location for a J.Crew Factory Store. Big and spacious store, great employees, discounted items up the butt crack and fast check out.So what was the differentiating factor between four and five stars? Organization. There was not too much organization in terms of where merchandise was placed. While most women's merchandise was separated from the men's, the sales section was pretty crazy. Everything was mixed together which made digging through the clothing a little difficult. Still, this is a GREAT factory store. The only other factory store I've been to is at the Cabazon Outlets (California).FYI - your student discount works at factory stores also. So bring your ID and get your 15% off.
5	Just visited this week and had a a great time. The sales associates were very nice and not phony, which I appreciate. J Crew outlets can be hit or miss and this time was a hit. There were some great cardigans with details that I haven't seen in the regular stores. There were also some prints from last season that have been made esp for the factory. Those items definitely feel lower quality than the ones made for the reg stores. However, if you take your time and look things over,  you can find some gems. The salespeople were really, really nice, incl the cashier, John. I would make a point to visit next time I come to Vegas.Oh...from the Strip you can take The Deuce. Get a $7 24-hr pass. Transfer to the 108. Ask the driver to tell you when to get off, but you better believe a group of other ppl will be going there to. It's only 1.5 mi or so on the 2nd bus. It drops you off right across the streeet. And it's easy to return on the bus as well. The Deuce kind of sucks because if it's full, they will let passengers off but might not let you on. You have to wait for the next bus. No probs getting on the 108. I would not bother with the bus on the weekends if it's packed. Just suck up the cab fare unless you want to spend all day on the bus. It takes about an hour. Probably 1.5 with more traffic. This location is in the Premium Outlets, not the Outlet Center.
1	Disappointed in the selection here. I'm a big fan of J. Crew and usually walk out with something, but the variety was truly lacking here. An associate greeted me on the way in, but unfortunately, not much left to rummage thru. Walked out empty-handed.
4	This is a consistently well-stocked J.Crew store that I wish I frequented more, but usually only stop by on a whim. This J.Crew also has the best customer service of all of the J.Crew stores in town which doesn't say much because the other two have possibly the worst customer service I've experienced at any store period, but this location has always had friendly, attentive, not-overbearing sales associates.J.Crew makes quality clothing that can easily become cornerstone pieces in your wardrobe. The nice thing about J.Crew's outlet is the items sold here aren't necessarily the crap leftovers that's typical in most outlet shops. The quality is just as great as the items sold in regular stores and the brand holds itself to really high standards so you get what you pay for. I mostly shop here for work separates, dresses and swimwear. J.Crew Factory now has an online shop that's open Friday, Saturday and Sunday, so if you see something you like in the store but it's not in your size you can probably find it online.The prices aren't outlet prices, I mean it's J.Crew. It's expensive regardless. But again, you get what you pay for and my only problem with anything I've bought from J.Crew is that I eat too much and don't exercise enough. Definitely worth a look if you're looking for some lasting work pieces, fun summer dresses and sturdy swimwear.
4	Maybe I'm just obsessed with this place because there isn't one near me. This was my main reason for going to the Premium Outlets - North and trust me...I  wasn't disappointed. Staff here were extremely helpful and friendly. Also feel the quality of their merchandise equally compares to their regular store. Huge savings the day I came with 40 to 50 percent off already discounted items. Scan the store well because they have a LOT of merchandise for both men and women. JCrew outlet....are you ever going to make your way to Minneapolis?
4	I came by on a busy holiday weekend and the store still managed to be organized.  (Sorry I messed up the tank top section)  Service here was friendly, but my only complaint was that no one was available to open the dressing rooms for me.  I had to call out to the cashiers to help me.  Got some great deals though - definitely worth the visit to Vegas!
5	Ties for $20? Yes plz!So I'm a sucker for keeping things classy. As I transition from college to the "real world," I'm slowly trying to update my wardrobe appropriately. It's been hard giving up the street wear, but the spirit lives on!Anyhoo, let's get down to tha bidness. J. Crew, while a tad pricey, is probably my favorite store ever, because they have a lot of classic looks and styles. I'm a fan of keeping things tailored, and their selection of button downs is impeccable.They also had a sale on ties while I was there, which was greatness on top of giggidy-giggidy-goodness.The fact that this is an outlet store only adds to the bambness, as the prices are cheaper than normal (although still more expensive than average mall shopping). If you refuse to compromise on the quality of your steez, swing by this place and get your threads upgraded. I promise you'll get some compliments.
3	I like J Crew but again, it's a little too casual for me for work attire. For casual stuff, it's not bad but I tend to be a t-shirt and jeans kind of guy so unless there's an absolutely screaming discount, I tend to go for other stores and other brands. Cool stuff though. Pretty decent quality as well. Just not the discounts I had hoped for at an outlet store the day after Thanksgiving.
4	I love the clean cut but playful look that is J Crew. This store does not disappoint! Typical J Crew fashion at a much lower price than usual. They're always running some pretty good sales, but occasionally, they have some insane sales! It almost feels like stealing.I've been here several times. Sometimes when I go in I get one or two things, other times I restock my wardrobe and spend more. The service here has always been fantastic, and very helpful. The clothes are great quality! You might spend a little more, but you don't just get a cardigan, you get a lambswool cardigan. It's not just a blouse, it's a silk blouse. J Crew has clean, classy, timeless lines and their sales assistants can help you put together a look or give you any advice you seek!Also noteworthy is that they give a 20% discount for students, just bring in your ID! Don't feel like you have to wear hoodies to school everyday! You get all kinds of perks for being a card member, too! The store is always put together well, very organized, very neat, easy to locate sizes that you need.
4	It's that time of year again when spending frenzies and holiday shopping are prioritized over logic. And marketing works, 30% off the whole store and people were buying the goodies but like Misti Y. said, it does pay to be patient.I'll admit I'm a big thrift store shopper and on one occasion, got a lovely J. Crew dress for a fraction of the price they sell at retail stores. Come the semi and annual sales, I'm pretty sure prices will slide down further. Clothing quality is as good as you could get and boy do they have some cute color and style options for the ladies. Think denim and plaid meets a more casual Ann Taylor chic. Sophisticated outlet store and am hoping to drop by more often to see what my mom and I will catch
4	A great store that offers a wide selection of merch marked down to 30-40% off retail! I love their slim button-down plaid shirts because they fit so well. And the quality supersedes H&M in that area. I was impressed with the formal section next to the fitting room and might stop by here if I ever get invited to a wedding. The staff can be either American Apparel alienating or super helpful. So hopefully you get lucky. Too bad I live in the other side of town...but maybe that's good thing, otherwise most of my income would come here.
1	I give this place one star because unlike J. Crew Factory online, they DO NOT sell boys and girls clothes, only men and women. Also, the employees here are just a little snooty.
2	Doesn't really seem like an outlet store. I don't see the deals and they don't have a huge selection of items here. I wasn't greeted at the door, but that doesn't bother me. However, no one was at the changing rooms and I had to chase someone down. I left without buying at anything. Sad. If you like J. Crew. I don't suggest going here. Deals weren't good. When I go to the outlets I'm expecting bigger discounts. Not the same discounts that you can get at the regular store. Lame.
4	Great deals after the holidays! It's not everyday that you can go to a J. Crew outlet. You can probably find the same items online but going to an outlet gets you the additional discount. I found good deals on the shirts, ties, and pocket squares! I'm pretty sure most of the good stuff were gone but I was able to find classic items like the navy gingham pattern shirts and pocket square to match with. It was a nice deal!
2	Meh! J.Crew is having/has had its day in the sun and is being recognized for its commitment to quality fabrics, preppy, classic style, and modern, tailored cuts. Sadly, the customer service at this store leaves something to be desired. I don't particularly enjoy not being greeted or helped by sullen, pouty retail workers. I'm confused, wasn't the store at Primm closed a few years ago for lack of sales? So aren't you in a similarly precarious situation, i.e., maybe you should try smiling and not being useless sometimes. I don't really know what the attitude is about, maybe J.Crew in Vegas is what is considered fashion forward in the land of Ed Hardy and Affliction. Sadly, for those of us who work in fields that garner living wages, we can see the rudeness is a sad affectation. This store is not high-fashion, it's a discounted retail outlet store surrounded by nothing but desert, check cashing places, and house foreclosures.The Factory Jcrew website: factory.jcrew.com regularly has better deals than the ones I saw in-store. And you don't have to deal with employees that have a chip over their shoulder.
4	Since there no more J Crew stores left in Vegas, we are left with the outlet. I tend to do a lot of online shopping, and they frequently have sales online. If I have a item that I bought online that I didn't like, they return it in store with no problem. This is like any other outlet store, there are some times when you're going to walk out empty handed, but other times you'll walk out with a few bags full of items. Today we scored some really cute scarfs for $20 as well as 40% the rest of the store. There are some good deals to be had.
