5	I stayed here last summer for a few days with my travel buddy/main squeeze and had a great time.  It's a small B&B nestled on a quiet tree lined, residential street not too far from downtown.  It isn't exactly a party pad but it's great if you want a cozy, serene place to hang out and watch Quebecois TV and cuddle after crazee Montreal times, then this is it.What's great about this place is that they have different price levels of rooms so you can go for the budget (around $109 CAD!) or for something with more room and amenities (still, not too bad for around $199 CAD).  We stayed in a budget room and it was homey and very clean.  If you hate minimalist trendy decor, then you will probably like this place, it's very down to earth.  Our bathroom was outside the room but we had exclusive use of it.  The higher priced options have their own internal bathrooms and I think some have kitchens.The breakfast was good!  It's served in the building right next to the sleeping rooms and it's a real spread - all imaginable breakfast options.  You can serve yourself from the buffet and staff also come around and tempt you with such things as crepes and pastries.  I really like how they have this set up because I've done the whole "entire B&B sits and eats together" and it's lame to me.  You can come in during the window you reserve, sit at your own table, and pick what you want.  The desk staff are efficient but nice, we didn't have to interact with them too much.  We had no issues with parking as we were there over a weekend and found a place on the street.  I believe they do have other parking arrangements if you need a place to stow the car during the week.  There's a metro station right down the street too!  Pretty much perfect.
4	Who goes to Montreal in the winter?  Yeah, we said that over and over again, especially with negative 27 Centigrade weather.  Well we do, and after staying here we were glad we did.  From the beginning this was a great place, we asked what to do at the front desk and where invited to a shin dig to show off the new "Inn Between" get up they have going on.....Awesome...  Also they gave us some off the cuff places to check out that turned out to be fantastic.They are literally a half block from a train stop and a small walk from the underground mall, so getting around Montreal is easy.Our room was better than advertised, though the tub was a tad smaller than we had planned.  Fire place rocked, bed was comfy and the back deck, covered in snow, was perfect to chill the wine.  We were on the top floor so no noise from other people.Breakfast was scrumdiddly-umpcious and served with a smile, Harold, the owner, even was serving the last day we were there.  All of this for barely 150 a night?? Overall, hell yes I would recommend you stay here, hell yes they were all fantastic people, and hell yes there were ohhhhhhhh so close to 5 stars If I could give them a 4.7645 I would.
5	Listen. I am not in the market for Bed & Breakfasts. In fact, Bon Matins is the first of its kind I've ever stayed in. I've been all across Europe via hostels. I've stayed in luxury hotels via Priceline. And I've even put my money down for budget motels (you're welcome, Jersey Shore prom). But when I say Bon Matins is legit, I mean it. If you're planning a trip to Montreal with your girlfriend, main squeeze, Canadian hooker, or buddy you're trying to eek beyond the friend zone, this is your place. The staff couldn't be nicer. In fact, not only did the woman behind the desk tolerate my hipster demands for a venue that offered Arcade Fire-like acts, but her coworker accepted a twenty-page faxed lease so I could sign on a place in Hoboken while my friends apartment-hunted. At no charge, mind you. The location is within walking distance of everything we could ask for. Our room was as cute as a button. And any American watching TV in Quebec has to accept the positive news programs put forth here. I'm talkin' firefighters rescuing cats in trees kind of shit. And I hate cats.I used to think my girlfriend made the the perfect omelet. Just wait until you sit down for breakfast, personally overseen by the owner himself. I can't say enough about the establishment in question. I even got a parking ticket that was deducted from my stay. Go to the lobby before you hit the town. The booze in the kitchen is complimentary. Next time I venture North, my accommodations are already spoken for. I love Bon Matins and so should you.
5	Les Bons Matins is a wonderful bed and breakfast with lush bedrooms and bathrooms. Graciousness, peace, and tranquility ooze from every corner. Cookies are readily available in the lobby any time of day. Free soft drinks whenever you wish. AND if you care for a some port as a night cap, you certainly may do so at their dime. I LOVE QUEBEC.My friends and I rented a lovely charming townhouse (just down the street from the bed and breakfast). The rooms are full of charm and quaint little details (like a painted vase of flowers in the bathroom). It was very cheap and affordable, as the four of us, each had our own bedrooms, for three nights spent less than $300. What impressed me the most was that the kitchen was fully equipped with proper plates, silverware, and glasses, and not the cheap plastic because they're afraid you're going to steal stuff. The dining room had a lovely large wooden table and chairs that would have been a fantastic place to have a dinner party. There was also wifi available. Not to mention, the house also came with a couple lovely outdoor patios. If the nights had been warmer, we would have loved to have sat out and enjoyed ourselves. The quality of service at the Les Bons Matins was superior. The people working the front desk did everything to make us very very happy. I cannot recommend this place enough. If you're looking for a wonderful, reasonably priced place to stay, Les Bons Matins is it.it's half a block away from the Lucien d'Alier station, just a few stops away from Old Montreal. The 747 Express bus stop (at Rue de la Montagne) is a few blocks away making it very convenient when you're coming to or from the airport.
4	Pros: The front desk staff here are all super friendly - they're always smiling, always helpful, and do as much as they possibly can to make sure you're happy with your stay. The location is great! The immediate area is okay, but if you walk a bit up the hill to Rue St. Catherine you'll see a bustling, hip area. If you walk even further up to Sherbrooke, you'll start seeing the McGill area where there are plenty of students. And the best part is that you're a block away from the subway, which is great great great. Note: You can only purchase subway tickets with CAD or Canadian credit cards, no international credit cards. The subway is very, very convenient and for a 24-hour pass for $8CAD, it's quite a great way to travel around!You get free cookies (though they seem to be out of the bag Chips Ahoy chocolate chip cookies), one free soda, and one free alcoholic drink per day based on the honor system.The furnishings and everything about the B&B is charming. Maybe it's just the Montreal air but it felt cozy, friendly, and homey - definitely some place I'd like to return to for any reason possible.The parking here is easy. We came on a Friday afternoon and parked right out front, a house or two down and we were able to leave the car there for free the entire weekend with no problems. They do have parking restrictions but from the French I could remember from high school, we were well within the time frames.Free wifi! They also have two computers you can use in the lobby if you didn't bring your own laptops.The temperature of the B&B was kept at a comfortable and cool level, making the stay even better - just fyi, there aren't individual air conditioners or heaters in the rooms, for those who need it.Cons:The breakfast was a bit disappointing. I'm not sure where the three-course breakfasts were but we did receive a piece of french toast or waffle and then you get your egg dish. It was okay but it wasn't mind-blowing. Although this is admittedly much, much better than many a Continental breakfast I've had. I guess I was just expecting too much, which in the end may not be their fault!Although the design of the entire place was charming, the place was a bit dated. You could see holes in the wall, quickly patched with mud. The mattresses were thin, not plush, and the comforters weren't comfortable.The walls and doors are pretty thin. We slept in Room 504, so we were expecting some noise overhead with people walking around in the lobby, but we could hear conversations taking place in the lobby quite clearly. Would I come again? Certainly! For $150CAD/night it isn't a steal or a bargain but it's for sure reasonably priced for all its pros. Yay Les Bons Matins and Montreal - love the city!
5	We fell in love with this place from the minute we arrived. The colors, the decor, the cozy rooms, the art on the walls were all captivating and inviting. We spent 4 night at L'auberge and we felt we were staying at our apartment in Montreal. We also loved the scrumptious and delicious breakfasts. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. If we go back to Montreal we couldn't stay anywhere else. This place is lovely and memorable. We highly recommend it.
4	This place is listed on here 3 times - as this one had the most reviews, I decided to post here.  I LOVE B&Bs that don't feel like B&Bs.  The traditional B&Bs are run out of someone's house - meaning shared bathroom and awkwardness in mingling with people you have no desire to be BFFs with.  Auberge Les Bons Matins feels more like a hip hotel than a B&B.  We fell in love with it immediately.  First off, the fellow at the desk was really friendly and helped us hunt for parking, as that was unsuccessful, we opted to "cough up" the $11 CAD and park in the little lot out behind.  The sarcasm is that parking in Montreal is EXPENSIVE and we easily paid $40 elsewhere on a previous trip.  So this was worth it - not only was the price right but it was gorgeous back there and I'm sure our car was happy with the scenery.  It truly felt like we were in the suburbs and not downtown Montreal.  We had a beautiful room - stayed in Suite 705.  Super clean and beautifully decorated.  The trains did start rumbling in the morning at about 6 am but we were not far from waking up anyway so it was not a big deal.  My only gripes about the room were this - 1) the toilet was on the other side of a glass door with a sheer white curtain.  We're not really into having a 'shared' bathroom experience so opted to leave the room if the other was in it.  That might just be us.  2) VERY creaky bed!!!!  Forget relations - I think the whole building would have heard.  The mattress wasn't a good quality one either - I'm not fussy but this one was definitely on the low end.    The location is amazing - only a couple of blocks to bustling St Catherine Street and I could literally throw a rock and hit the metro.  This proved really handy - we left our car and simply hopped the metro to the show and dinner we planned for that night.Breakfast was wonderful and quite friendly.  Best dang waffle I think I have ever had...   All in all, this place is a gem and perfect for couples!  Highly recommend it for your next trip to Montreal!
5	We couldn't believe how great this place was. From the amazing front desk guy to the stunning, remarkably spacious room to the patience with our two-year-old to their flexibility in allowing us to check out early due to aforementioned two-year-old. Breaking it down: The room was fantastic. Decorations were so thoughtful. We photographed it and said - we need to decorate like this.The breakfast was great. It was a true American (Canadian?) breakfast - eggs, toast, meat (if you're into that sort of thing). They brought it to your room if you wanted and if you offered a tip, they seemed surprised! Alexandre at the front desk was gracious, understanding and helpful. We couldn't have asked for better service at the Mandarin or Four Seasons. The parking situation was ideal, with a spot reserved right behind the hotel for about $10 a night. My only very minor gripe - the street it abuts is a little shabby, but if you walk an extra hundred feet or so, you're in the heart of Montreal's shopping and nightlife. Not that we got to enjoy either .... aforementioned two-year-old.
5	We had a great long weekend at this B&B. I booked it through a third-party website that messed our reservations up so we got a free upgrade to a luxury suite which was a very nice surprise. The staff was pleasant and friendly. The weather unfortunately was AWFUL when we visited but we didn't mind staying in so much because our suite was so cozy and comfortable. The decorations and furniture are tasteful, artistic and inviting. Not generic or tacky at all. We felt like we were at home in our suite. The breakfast was good and made fresh to order in the morning. Nothing crazy but your standard cereals, toast, eggs, bacon, waffles, OJ, etc. There is also parking behind the hotel for $12 a night which is well worth it and we were thankful for the convenience. So besides the fact the staff is very nice, the hotel is quaint and charming, the rooms are super comfy and well decorated, there's free wifi and there's breakfast/cheap parking, the BEST part of this hotel is it's proximity to the subway station. It is literally a 30 second walk from the door. It made all the neighborhoods, attractions and restaurants in Montreal totally accessible and was comforting at night to know we didn't have to walk far in the dark after an exhausting day. Also, the neighborhood was very quiet and felt pretty safe. It's right by what I'm assuming their financial district is so there are a lot of nice restaurants/stores in the area. I would 100% stay here again and would not hesitate to recommend this to someone over a generic and bland hotel.
5	My husband and I spent the first three nights of our honeymoon here and are so so sorry that we did not book our accomodations here for the last part of our trip, too! We had no idea that it was literally across the street from the metro station or a 7-10 minute walk from Dorchester Square, the center of Montreal. You are 2-3 blocks down from St. Catherine Street with more stores and shopping opportunities than your wallet can handle, an endless supply of wonderful dining (any type of food and any style of dining, from fine to casual to fast food) and various activity and entertainment opportunities. The staff at Les Bons Matins were so kind, friendly and helpful. Alex and his crew are top notch and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. The room (804) was gorgeous! We were on the third floor and enjoyed the beautiful, bright colors decorating our bed and bath. The jacuzzi is great and you also have wifi available.Our breakfasts were delicious! Such great french toast, waffles and any kind of eggs or omelets you can scheme up. I particularly loved the variety of sliced, fresh fruit that accompanied our breakfasts each morning. We truly cannot say enough great things about the location, service, quality of the rooms/breakfasts and the price. It is simply unbeatable and we are definitely staying here if/when we make it back to beautiful Montreal!Merci!
5	We enjoyed staying here for our anniversary trip. The breakfast nook is sunlit and charming, the rooms spacious and comfortable, and location - right across from a metro stop! - can't be beat. Breakfast can be ordered up to your room for no extra charge. Would stay here again in a heartbeat.
5	What a delightful place!  Steps from the Metro, friendly staff, good breakfast and quiet rooms.
4	I originally found this place doing an internet search on "Honeymoon in Montreal". This place was mentioned as an affordable, yet romantic option. I cross referenced with the Yelp reviews here and I was sold. The location is great, it's walking distance to a ton of restaurants, high end shopping, and also a half a block from Montreal's metro (Which can get you anywhere in the city). We took the Metro the entire time we were there, parked our car in front of the B and B and never moved it. Car was safe and parking was free. We stayed in a lower suite with a whirlpool tub in the living room. It was fabulous. I sat in that tub after a long day of exploring the city, sipping wine. My husband read me restaurant ideas for the next day and I was in heaven. The water even got hot, people. That is amazing. So many times you go somewhere and get a good tub room and the water is barely warm! The breakfast in the morning is great. Cooked to order omlettes, benedicts, waffles. You get fruit, pancakes or french toast to start. Orange juice and coffee. There is even more food on a little buffet style bar! The staff were nice. When we first got there it was a little odd because the front desk person had stepped away to help another visitor. We stood awkwardly for about 10 minutes before he came back, I admittedly had a moment of panic. But, it all worked out and my patience was rewarded. It's a little hard to find, you have to really look for the sign as it's nestled in among the row houses. We circled once and had to come back. All that work to find it and check in was definitely worth it.
4	Originally written and posted on a duplicate profile on 3/4/2011:A wonderful B&B that we found online and got a great deal on. The 3-course breakfast and coffee was excellent and served in a cozy dining room. The honor bar in the main house was wonderful with s glass of free port, soft drinks, coffee, tea, and cookies readily available. We got bumped up from economy and had a stunning room. My husband and I were quite happy. Update:Every time we come up to Montreal for an overnight trip, we stay here. This B&B is consistent and cozy.
