4	I love this place. It's seriously the best sushi I've had at the best prices. There is a huge variety to choose from.  My favorites are the Unagi, Deep Fried, Las Vegas, and Spicy Tuna rolls.  I've never eaten from their regular menu though.  The service is good, the chefs are fast, fun, friendly, and have skill.  It's a family owned place and I believe the head chef(s) are from Japan.  It's got a quaint atmosphere and not trendy in the least.  The prices are EXTREMELY reasonable.  The Miso soup here is perfect as well.  I have eaten there on Friday and Saturday nights which can get busy.  Everytime I go there I see regulars. You can also get the sushi to go which is nice.   Bottom line, this place is TEN times better than RA as far as quality of sushi goes.  It's not as expensive as Ah So either.  Perfect atmosphere as far as I'm concerned.
3	I likethis pace becuase it is kind of like mom and pop place I frequented in Tokyo a few years back....However, the sushi is just OK and a little pricey considering the ambience.   The service is prompt and efficient. We shared a sushi platter that was a liitle flat taste wise and even the unagi tasted a little off.... On the plus side, they are open on Sundays!   That is the reason we ended up there as they are WAY down our list of places to frequent for sushi....I have been here on multiple occasions... it is definitely NOT my first choice but not a bed second if you are in the area...
1	I am not recommending Kampai any longer. Stay away.I used to eat here a fair bit. At that time the place next door wasn't a karate studio, but a tropical fish store - at least as appropriate, maybe moreso. Kampai Sushi used to be good, I just haven't been to Kampai for quite a while - several years, in fact. Yesterday it was very so-so, in fact below par. The prices are not good, since they are priced as single pieces, & this is the only time I have ever seen sushi served in single piece servings. At $2.50 per piece, it matches the $5 per order (2 pieces) you pay everywhere else. The rice was not tightly packed, and the Tamago (egg) was tasteless. The Hamachi (Yellowtail), usually my favorite also lacked taste, and the eel may not have been too fresh - not actually turned bad yet, but not as fresh as it could have been. Either way, SOMETHING I ate there made my stomach go topsy-turvy & made me feel quite ill. Needless to say, I now know why it's been so long since I have been to Kampai, and it will be a lot longer before I return. Oh, and the owner is still the same guy, and he's a miserable so-and-so, I have never seen a frown which would make such a big grin if it were turned upside-down! My wife was the one who spotted that the eel didn't seem to be as fresh as it should be, though she didn't get sick.
2	For sushi in the north valley, I'd take the drive to Sakana (NWC 59th Ave & 101) over this place.I've been to this restaurant three times in as many years, and all three times there has been an odd chemical/fish smell when you walk in the door.  I didn't like it the first time, but I'm a believer that you should give a restaurant a couple of chances.  I did, and now I won't go back.When I ordered their Las Vegas roll, it had scallions inside the roll; I'm not sure if this is usually what is in a Las Vegas roll, but I didn't like it.
1	I'm no longer going to frequent this place.  I've been here quite a few times, each time it seems as if the service gets worse.  The first time I went here, everything was delish!  Fresh and tasty and didn't seem to expensive.  The second time, I ordered the fried oysters.  I litterally had to get up from my seat and go to the bathroom to spit it out.  They were raw inside and tasted rotten.  I still gave this place another chance, I have been there several times for lunch ordering the chicken katsu which is very moist and tender and always had a nice large portion for lunch.  I also ordered the half sized Udon noodles for $3.50.  Their udon broth is amazing.  This last time I went the service was horrible.  The chicken katsu was very small.  I asked for them to add tuna to my shrimp tempura roll and she said they couldn't do that... really?  The rolls are all very basic and boring.  The rice was very loose and the sushi roll too warm.  I couldn't even finish it and  it was just gross to put it simply. Another con was that the waitresses can hardly speak english which makes ordering very difficult and extremely confusing.  This last waitress was very rude also.  I still left her a decent tip but she wasn't very accomadating and it was probably because she was the only waitress during the lunch hour.  The prices also seemed to have gone up dramatically for the sushi.  I like sushi according to it's price... if it's cheap I expect cheap sushi if it's pricier I expect out of this world sushi and this was pricey sushi for lackluster flavorless fish.  I won't be going back anymore.
1	Food was ok, but service was soooo slow.  Come if you have the entire night to waste.
1	Aweful all around. Waited 20 minutes to get seated and then waited another forty for our food - which we received four sushi pieces and the waitress told us they were out of the other sushi we ordered. Yet the table behind us was getting plenty of sushi delivered to them. The price was was to expensive for what we received and the staff didn't even apoligize for not coming over sooner to let us know they were out of what we ordered. Good thing the company I went with was great to pass the time
2	I went to dinner at Kampai with a friend.  There was a decent crowd as usual.  I have been there a couple of times before a few years back and it was crowded back then.  I think it's because Kampai has the sushi market in that neighborhood.  That area of Bell Road is pretty bleak when it comes to restaurants.  The service was short and impersonal.  The vegetable tempura we started with, was a tiny portion.  The yellowtail sashimi seemed like a half order cut into smaller pieces to fool me, the customer, that I was getting more pieces of fish.  Skimpy skimpy skimpy!!!On a positive note the mackerel nigiri was good.Meh, I"ve experienced better.
1	I was missing Mr Yoshi in San Marino so i decided to find some sashimi. Feeling too lazy to drag the family out for dinner I thought I would try the take out. This place is in the dodgy part of town so I figured the sushi must be good to stay in business. The place had a few customers but there were several empty tables. I asked the cashier/hostess if they offered takeout she replied, yes. I filled out my paper for two orders of sashimi an eel roll and a philly. I waited patiently for the hostess to finish ignoring me while she chatted with another idle employee before she walked close enough for me to pose a question about the expected wait time. I was politely told it would be AT LEAST a 40 minute wait. That is a long wait for food from a new place so I left. Hopefully I might find another opportunity to try this place but I doubt it.
5	After reading some of these reviews I thought I would write my own.  I eat at Kampai frequently and the service is always good.  There is a reason they have been in business for 18 years with the same original owners.  The cured salmon is amazing and the spanish mackerel is fantastic.  The calamari does not even require sauce.  But there are some dishes where the sauces are essential.  And let me tell you the "Sauce is Boss"
4	I came here after reading a few reviews and also since I am currently living about two blocks away.  When I walked in, I was surprised to see a very small crowd seated at the tables (which is a good sign in a way).  The main crowd was seated at the sushi bar.  So, I sat down at the far left seat where a "local" immediately asked me: "Hey man, do you come here a lot?"  Of course I answered "no" and told him this was my first time.  A grin immediately overcame his face and he proceeded with "suggesting" to me what to order.  Typically I don't like it when folks insist on eating what THEY eat.  However, this guy seemed so enthusiastic for me to try FLOUNDER and a SCALLOP that I could not say no.  As I waited for my food to come - the local INSISTED I try some of his freshly ordered makeral - which he insisted I try to eat some of the "bones" from his dish.  Of course I didn't want to insult him - so I ate the bones and smiled as I chewed.  Actually, it was not that bad.  The servers were nice and the chefs were fast and accomodating to my  requests of spiciness as far as the tuna HANDROLL was concerned.  I will probably come back to this place.  It was made clear to me that every single person sitting at the bar was a patron of not less than 5 years.  That IS a good sign of a good sushi place!!
5	I recently moved to AZ from Cali a few months ago and when I got hungry for Asian food (Udon specifically) I Googled udon and a location called Kanpai came up..well after reading further it seemed like the wrong website for the location but I decided to give it a shot anyway...Boy am I glad Google made that mistake...I have now gone to at least 1/2 a doz diff locations in the phx/Scottsdale area not to mention all the ones Ive gone to in Cali and this place by FAR takes the cake. The sushi is some of the freshest Ive had and the texture is perfect..the Albacore melts in your mouth as does the cured salmon (which isnt on the menu btw)The 2nd time I went in I brought my roommate and we sat at the bar, We introduced ourselves to the chef whose name is E.J. we talked back and forth etc etc..well a few weeks later I went in and E.J. Instantly remembered my name and proceeded to ask how my roommate was by name. The next time I went in I talked for about 20min with one of the owners...You can tell they take a lot of pride in the quality of the food and customer service.Kampai has been there for 18 years was one of only 6 other sushi houses, now there are over 200 different restaurants in Scottsdale/phoenix alone. Dont be fooled by the fact that its located in the back of a small center  next to a bowling alley..its a hidden gem in the rough!
4	A family favorite!I always order the chicken katsu I've ever had, though Ra Sushi makes a pretty decent one too. The chicken is incredibly tender and lightly battered with panko bread crumbs, but it is not at all greasy. I wonder if they bake it?I usually come here with my parents who both order the tempura soba. I always mooch a little because it is so good. The brother is delicious, but I always add some pepper flakes to spice it up. There are tempura batter morsels floating around too, adding a little crunch and dimension to the dish. I've ordered the sushi a couple times, but I have to admit I'm not a fan since the portions are indeed skimpy.No lie, service is inconsistent. Crowd or no crowd, they will be lightening fast one day and super snail-pace slow the next. Seating usually isn't a problem, but I normally go during the week. True, the servers don't speak English very well, but they are super nice and accommodating.
4	When my brother's friend found out where I lived recently, his first reaction was "oh, so you've been to Kampai then?"  My blank look horrified him, and he quickly explained that apparently I have a hidden gem sushi place in my North Phoenix neighborhood -- a "gem" that he referred to as one of the best in the city!  This was a pleasant surprise to me (I guess I should have paid more attention when I drove by that bowling lane strip mall...).Two words:  GREAT SUSHI!  Seriously up-to-par with my most recent bar-setter, Hana sushi -- except less expensive and much larger portions.  In fact, I had the opposite experience of many of the reviewers here:  our portions were shockingly large, from oversized/fat rolls to a sashimi order that was almost double what I would have expected.  The albacore tataki and Kampai roll were our favorites, but everything we had was fresh and delicious.The atmosphere leaves something to be desired, depending on your mood.  I was a little caught off-guard by the harsh...errr...bright lighting as well as the lack of noise/energy there on a Friday night.  Of course this can be refreshing compared to the "scene" at a Stingray or Ra.  Our service at our table was fantastic, very attentive and friendly.  I will definitely be making Kampai a staple in the portfolio, and given that I favored the food over the dining experience, I will certainly consider takeout as well in the future.
4	The spicy tuna hand roll is to die for!
5	If you or the person you take out knows and loves authentic & very fresh sushi at very reasonable prices then this is the place to go. The chefs behind the bar speak Japanese and not Spanish. While they don't do alot of fancy custom "Americanized" rolls like some Scottsdale douche was complaining about, their sashimi is amazing! Try the Toro "fatty" tuna and the seared tataki is the best I've ever had (Over 80 diff sushi places coast to coast) Of all the places I've ever had sushi if I could only pick one to eat at on a regular basis then Kampai would be that choice hands down. When I do out on a date this is one of my top choices of places to eat.
5	Apparently, the Tempe "Kampai" is a different restaurant from this one. But, I can't find the Kampai Mill Ave. spot on here.  So, if you are looking for info about the Kampai Tempe, here is my reviewAwesome place.  Had some low expectations because it is in a big space on Mill Ave., and the tile floors and bright light didn't scream quality.  But, that fish was outstanding!  I love a creative, spicy roll with lots of fish, and I have been missing that since Zen 32 closed (sob).  There was a lot of variety on the menu, and just the yellowtail shashimi was buttery, and perfect.  The sushi chefs were friendly, didn't hand us too many dishes too fast, and put made them in a pleasing order.  I think my favorite was the surf and turf roll (the beef slices finished off with a torch - nice touch!)  Happy hour pricing is fantastic.  And I found a new delight: seaweed salad.  Nice krinkly, poppy texture, great seasoning, plus some cucumbers thrown in.  I wish I loved closer!
3	My fiance and I visited this spot on a Thursday evening around 8pm. Based on reviews, we were expecting a very positive experience. Although it was a little late for dinner there were still a handful of parties in the restaurant and many sounded like regulars...a good sign in our eyes.We were seated in our requested booth and our server was very pleasant as she immediately brought us our tea/waters and took our order. We ordered 3 rolls and sashimi between us and an order of vegetable tempura. The fish was of good quality and tasted very fresh. The balance of flavor in each roll was just right. One thing we noticed was how loosely the sushi was rolled. Each piece had the tendency to fall apart and trust, we know how to use chopsticks. The sushi just wasn't rolled up very tightly. Not a bad thing per se since it didn't affect the taste at all but just a tad annoying. The other thing we noticed was how long it took for our sushi to arrive. Again, not necessarily a bad thing because we were enjoying dinner together but it still would have been nice to have some of our sushi come out earlier than the others so that we could eat and converse at the same time.All in all, it's a quaint restaurant with good tasting sushi and a nice vibe. If we are in the area again and craving sushi we would probably go back.
1	Rude, rude, rude.I would give them less than one star, but yelp won't let me click that.Last night was my third visit to KAMPAI and each time I went, the love that I felt the first time, has now rubbed me the wrong way. I'm a chow hound and always seek the best, and I had found it here... the sushi the way I like it... I've bounced around to several sushi bars throughout the city (I'm a once or twice a week -aholic). It's my ol' standby dinner and I was please to have found this place only two blocks from where I live! But for last night I stopped in for some Nigiri Sushi togo and was told 'we are closed'. As I look around the room (which was filled with people) I ask again and was rudely and coldly told 'we are closed'. Ok I'll give them that they do close at 9:00 pm and there was fifteen minutes before that happens and they still have patrons still having their dinners, and a to go order should not be such a imposition on them. With this economy, nobody should be turning away customers, thirty bucks is thirty bucks they should be glad to have customers like me who do return and spend their hard earned money with them. Return loyal customers are what business strive for, or so I thought.I realize it was a full moon last night, it was beautiful, I know. I actually took time to make a mental note of how lovely it was as my rumbling stomach screamed 'feed me'.
4	I have heard of Kampai long before I started Yelping, why it took me so long to go I haven't a clue!  The restaurant is basically a sushi bar with a dining room attached...no emphasis on the dining room part.  The sushi bar is large enough to fit quite a few people though!  We were seated in the dining area.Just to test the "waters" my wife and I ordered just tetaki, assorted sushi and a few traditional rolls.  I must say it was probably the most professionally handled, freshest fish I have eaten in Phoenix.  I don't know who the owner is, but he knows his stuff!!  Helps that we went on a Thursday (if anyone has read Kitchen Confidential, you know what I mean).We will be back for more!  My only gripe is our server barely understood english and I don't speak Japanese.  She missed on 2 orders of sushi, forgot one  and brought us something we didn't order.  Another server tried to serve us a few plates that another table ordered.  Was pretty funny though when the table guests saw me playfully reaching for their plate with my chopsticks!This is one "character of a restaurant", if you can put up with the quirks your in for some food!
1	My girlfriend and I go here often, and we know that the food is amazing.  We went here a week ago and had to wait for over an hour for a philly role and a seaweed salad, and this is seeing other customers who came in thirty minutes after us and had their entire order already.  We asked the server once politely after an hour of waiting, and she said she was sorry that they cooks were backed up (this was about fifty minutes waiting.)  Then came the hour waiting point and my girl freaked out and canceled the remainder of our order, paid our tab, and vowed never to go there again because of the horrible service.  What a waste because of the great sushi they have...
4	Excellent food.
4	What even is the real name of this restaurant? Is it Kanpai as written on the door? Is it Kampai as written on the sign? I actually have no idea and for the sake of this review, it doesn't really matter. Here is what is important about this little restaurant on the west side of town. The two chefs who own and run this restaurant, brought sushi to the valley. No, I am not kidding and its not debatable, AJ and Yuki are the original gangsters of the sushi manifestation that has occurred in Phoenix. In order to understand this revelation, we need to go back to 1985(see what I did there). A small sushi restaurant opens in Paradise Valley, right across the street from the mall. It is called Shogun and for many years is the premier sushi restaurant in the valley. Actually, for a while, it was the only sushi restaurant in the valley. Shogun has gone through various restorations and renovations over the years, but originally, it was AJ and Yuki at the small sushi bar inside Shogun with around five or six tables. These sushi geniuses built Shogun into the dynasty that it was and after a few years, moved onto their own venture, named Kampai or Kanpai, depending on which signage you are currently viewing. Kampai, found in a very shady strip mall on Bell road, has the best sushi in the valley. There is not a close second. Yuki is the main sushi chef and AJ runs the back end kitchen. Word of warning and the reason for the lack of five stars in this review. If Yuki is not your sushi chef, I cannot vouch for the restaurant at all. I know I know, that sounds brutal, but it's the truth. Yuki is an artist and meticulous. The other chefs just are not in his league and some of the specialties of the house, only taste their best when made from Yuki's hands. What makes this place so special? It certainly isn't the decor, which could not be more plain. It is far from the waitress service that is at best, hard to understand. It is the fact that the spicy tuna hand roll is the best I have ever had. The southwest salmon roll, while not only amazing, is only found at this sushi bar, no matter where in the country I have dined on sushi. The southwest salmon roll Is an inside out roll, with salmon and a house cured chili pepper with cucumber and masago on the outside. It is my favorite sushi roll on the planet. As for the sushi, this is the only place in the valley, besides Hiro in North Scottsdale, who serves live scallops. At Hiro, you will pay an arm and a leg, at Kampai, they will be fresher and you will pay fair market price, as set by AJ. The yellowtail and salmon sushi are always cured perfectly, not salty and melt in your mouth. There are both entree specials and sushi specials listed on the white boards above and next to the sushi bar. AJ makes the best salmon and yellowtail collars in the business, while serving better versions of the standard sushi bar appetizer fare, IE. Fried oysters, tempura, etc.. I will end this review here, but rest assured, if you are looking for the best, most authentic sushi dinner in the valley, Kampai is the place.
3	I've been here several times over a period of 7 years, it use to be my go to Valentine's Day dinner date night, but the few times I've been the service seems just ok.I went there today and the sushi is great, it's one of my favorite places to eat sushi in Phoenix, although my favorite is Sushi Cho in Tucson.  Anyways, today it took a couple minutes to get a menu and I actually had to ask the Sushi chef for one and it took about 10 minutes for the waitress to even ask what I wanted to drink.It took another 10 minutes to get my plum wine and water.  One of my orders came out probably about 5 - 10 minutes after I got my drink, but I had two more kinds of sushi coming.  By the time my last order came out it was a cumulative total of about 35 minutes.I didn't dare ask for another plum wine in fear of being there for another 20 minutes.I'm kind of disappointed that they either have staffing problems or just like taking their time, because their food is quite good.  Although, over the last few years I have noticed changes in portions.I ordered my usual albacore tataki and it's just not the same.
1	This service was soooo bad I can't give this place any more than 1 star. The sushi was pretty good, but not worth the frustration of dealing with the slow service. Mind you I always go to a sushi bar planing to spend a good amount of time there. We were in no rush. Bur listen to this!I checked in as we were seated which helped me keep track of time. The waitress took our order shortly after we were seated, great! Then over 45 minutes later my husband and I got our rolls. Well we were with another couple and we had ordered separately. I know they were aware of this because they had us write our names on the order sheets so they wouldn't get mixed up. So we didn't want to start eating yet since they didn't get their food yet. So we waited. And waited. And waited. 25 minutes later their rolls came out. By then we had shared our rolls with our friends because we were all starving. So it ended up working out okay. But come on! The place wasn't even packed. There were several empty tables. The weirdest part is that all the servers stand in a little group in the back of the restaurant and just watch everyone. I guess they stand clear of angry people wanting their food. Come on chefs. Step it up!
4	I've been here several times and the food has always been wonderful.  Love their unique Southwest Salmon Roll!  Service is uneven (excellent last visit, though not always), but it's worth tolerating for the great food.
4	Kampai is in a really crappy strip mall, and the establishments around it look really shady. However, I have nothing but great things to say about Kampai. My daughter and I usually go on friday evening around 6, and the service is great. The staff is very friendly and the fried oysters are delicious! They have some very unique rolls if you look over the menu, of on the chalk board above the bar. I enjoy taking my 9 year old here for dinner, it is not an over crowded hipster place which is a releif. It has a quiet atmosphere where you can sit and enjoy your meal and the company with you.
5	My Husband and I found Kampai after looking on the internet for exceptional Sushi places in the valley. From the outside, it looks like a hole-in-the-wall place not to be remembered, however that is certainly not the case here. After being dissapointed by every other place, we quickly discovered that KAMPAI IS THE BEST SUSHI IN ARIZONA!!! MY husband and I went there the whole time I was pregnant (I had Cal. Rolls and other cooked rolls for those of you whose mouths dropped when I said that) and every time we came in they asked how I was doing and talked to us like they were our best friends (And I do consider them our friends), anywho, when my son was born and we brought him in for the first time, all of the chefs came out from around the bar to look at him and meet him. We have taken him there alot since he was born (over 2 years now) and we have never had an issue with him and THEY ARE GREAT WITH KIDS!!! AJI, Uki, EJ, And Anthony are amazing and the sushi is out of this world. They are truely rivaled by none, Anytime my husband and I go to a sushi restaurant (even in New York and San Diego) we can never find a better Sushi Place than KAMPAI!!!
4	Sushi-AMAZING!  I have been coming here for almost 2 years (moved here a little over 2 years ago).  I have been to many Sushi joints including the 5 star posh restaurants all the way to the dingy.  This is by far the best in the Phoenix area.  The seafood is always very fresh, and they have market fresh specials all the time.  I always get something off the hand written board, which are the chef's specials or the items that are market fresh.  You should definitely sit at the sushi bar if seats are available.  The service at the tables is not the best, they don't have a very broad alcoholic beverage selection, the decor also not fabulous, the dingy strip mall surrounding it and all the pawn shops-awful....but, we came for sushi and WOW.
5	Sushi does not get better than this. I have been going here since I started eating sushi- this was the first sushi restaurant my parents ever took me to. I think I was somewhere around 10 years old, and my family has remained a loyal customer ever since (somewhere around 12 years). We go here for every occasion; birthdays, anniversaries, graduations, family in town, friends want to go to lunch, craving sushi- whatever it is! We love this restaurant! We usually always order the same things, because they are just so delicious. -Shrimp tempura roll: you will never have one quite like this. It is amazing. Topped with eel sauce, what more can you ask for?-Spicy tuna roll: try not to devour all of the end pieces, because they are the best! This is without a doubt the best spicy tuna roll I have ever had in my life.-Spider roll: this is stuffed with a flavorful fried softshell crab, crab meat, etc. My mom orders this every time we go here, and you are lucky if she will share a bite.-Albacore tuna sashimi: the best. I have to get at least 1 piece. -Agadashi Tofu: you can split this with someone, or indulge in it by yourself. The best appetizer on the menu. Everything here is amazing. If the service is slow, have a little patience. Enjoy the company you are in, sip some green tea and smile with the knowledge that you're about to eat the best sushi in the valley. If you sit at the sushi bar, you will be entertained and delighted with conversation with the chefs.
2	Service wasn't good, wasn't bad.  The chefs are really nice and helpful.  Not the best sushi in town and their portions are really small for the price.
5	Alright, I would have given this place  a 5 star rating, because to date this is the best sushi I have had!Now I'm not just some beginner in the sushi world, Im well traveled I have had sushi across the country a few times in Canada and allot in Australia. This place combines Great service with Good prices and personable people. you wont regret it if you eat here! get something you have never tried before and sit at the bar talk to the chefs they are really cool! ask for the "Real Wasabi" and order a hand roll and the mackerel.Magnificent!
4	Considering it is in the same complex as a bowling alley I wasn't expecting much when I walked into this place.  Thankfully I was pleasantly pleased with the food. The albacore and salmon nigiri were quite good.  The staff was very nice so I'm a little confused by some of the reviews   My only complaint was the hamachi sashimi was a bit on the small side but the quality was excellent.  All in all I'll be back, especially since it's close to the house.
2	I walk in take a seat at the sushi bar as I was writing what i wanted on my sushi card card. A couple walked in sat down next to me. The bar tender associate immediately rushed them octopus sashimi. As I continued to wait, I renewed my registration on-line. While this was happening I noticed him making a shrimp tempura roll which just by chance Is what I ordered 15 mins prior. NOPE I WAS WRONG!!! It went to the couple that had just sat down next to me. Sushi was fair not great and I paid $25 for 2 rolls not bad... but for the quality of service NOT GOOD. If I ever go back I will just make sure I go with regulars too get good service.
2	My review is for the regular menu, not the sushi. I go along with my sushi loving boyfriend to sushi bars frequently so I've had my share of "other menu items" at these places. I ordered the teriyaki chicken, it was dry and the sauce was too strong with soy sauce flavor. I ordered green tea and when it came it was separating in the glass and had stuff floating in it. That was an absolute no go. The decor is a dive, which I am normally willing to overlook if the food is good. My boyfriend does love the sushi here and has been going here a long time. So if you're solely in it for sushi, go for it. Otherwise go elsewhere.
1	Horrible service. As many other reviewers have stated, if you are not a regular expect to wait close to an hour while others around that arrived, after you, are served. Completely rude and unapologetic staff. Charged us for a roll that was never even served, after waiting over an hour.After coming here frequently a couple years prior, any fond memory is destroyed with my most recent visit in addition to multiple other reviewers.
3	Yes, the service here is still bad, bad, bad. But it is the closest sushi place to my house and the quality of the food is pretty good. So what I do now is order take-out, and show up 10 minutes after they say it will be ready. Sometimes I still wait a few minutes. But if you are prepared for this it's not too bad because the sushi is good. And the staff is very friendly. I had to bump this review up to 3 stars because the quality of sushi. If they would work on their service I would bump it up to a 4 star review.
3	I had eyeballed this place many many times as I drove down Bell road. This past week I was so tired and hungry, I decided to stop in finally. The interior isn't anything special. The whole dining area is a sea of teal and warm wood. The dining room wasn't too full the night we went there- which is probably a good thing, as the service was kinda slow. We ended up getting Teriyaki Chicken and Tempura Udon. Mainly because there wasn't much else on the menu that I could find to eat. Most of the non-sushi items were deep fried in some manner, or they were boring teriyaki. My companion normally gets sushi, but he told me that there was a bunch of un-needed and weird crap in each of the rolls. And he didn't want to spend money on something he'd hate. His teriyaki chicken came with miso and salad. The miso was rather mild, for better or worse. The salad had too much dressing on it, imo. The dressing itself was okay, but nothing exceptional. When the main courses came out the chicken was dry, the sauce was thin and tasted like slightly sweetened soy. My udon wasn't bad (surprise) but it had spice in it (something not mentioned in the menu) and I couldn't really enjoy the broth- as my mouth caught on fire (I'm a wuss). If you're into that sort of thing, the udon is probably very good. I did like the shrimp- it was firm and tasty. The noodles were done to a fairly nice texture. Overall, Kampai seems to be a good place for sushi, but I wouldn't recommend it for anyone who wants something that is not sushi.
5	This place is amazing it. The only place I've been to that can compare to it's sushi quality is Shimogamo, and Kampai is MUCH cheaper. Weather you want some basic rolls and nigiri or more "exotic" dishes its always fresh and delicious. All the non-sushi menu items I've had were also great. Their katsu is flavorful and succulent, some of the best I've had, although the portion isn't as large as some places.I'd like to talk a little about the service because I'm surprised by all the bad reviews for it. First, if you sit at the sushi bar I think you can expect amazing service and a fun experience. Second, the table staff is a little less attentive, but in my opinion at most authentic asian restaurants you usually have to make eye contact or motion to them when you want something. I think its a culture thing, they don't like to "interrupt" your meal. Finally, it's surprising to see how many people complain about the time it takes to get their sushi or how they had to wait 10 more minutes for their carry out. I've never been to a GOOD sushi place where rolls don't take somewhat forever unless you're the only one there. These people who are so concerned about time that they'd give this place a bad review should try Kona or RA, I'm sure their crappy quick sushi will be to your liking.But if you're looking for top quality at a reasonable price... then relax, enjoy a hot sake and prepare for a flavorful treat. Kampai!(cheers)
2	I'll be honest here.   The sushi is really good! Even the non-sushi items are really good.  But the service is really bad!   I'm not saying the servers are rude just slow and very slow.   I've checked out Kampai for over a year , sometimes 2 times a week for lunch service.   The place is usually half full and it still takes the chefs forever to get our orders out!  The last time we went it took 55 mins!!! Hello! It's lunch time, people usually have an hour or less for lunch and need to get back to work!   We stated that we'd need separate checks and were told that was fine but that they would charge 15% tip to each bill.  That's fine but when half of us had to tk our lunch to go versus enjoying it during lunch hour!!!!  WTF!!!!!!    We rushed and paid our bills w/ our 15% tip.   Needless to say we are going to find another sushi restaurant that knows how to get the lunch crowd served and out on time!!!! I only gv Kampai 2 stars bc the food is good.
5	What can I say I'm a reg here...two or three times a month and it's awesome. May be a little bias but #1 in my opinion.
3	My husband and I have been going here for almost 15 years every spring training and this last time was very disappointing.  I absolutely LOVED the mussels, until now.  Don't know what happened, but something changed in the way they make them, blah...  Nothing about the rolls stood out, some were too big to eat in one bite, fish was fresh, just not too creative.  I hope they find their edge again.The service was awesome though.  We were in the back with a group that included 2 young children and we got alot of attention.
4	I've been twice and have been very impressed both times. The sushi is very fresh and I really appreciate how the rolls are cut. This sounds weird, right? Stay with me. Usually I feel like I'm going to choke on a piece of sushi because it is so large and I don't really enjoy the flavors as much as I would if the pieces were manageable. Alright... go ahead with the "that's what she said" joke. This review is asking for it. But this restaurant is fast becoming my favorite for sushi. The service I have experienced has always been top notch. Can't wait to go back for Sushi Tuesdays!
5	Amazing Tuna Tataki and Yellowtail Collar.  AMAZING!  My week is now complete.
5	For me, there are two types of sushi restaurants in cities outside of New York and LA, where Japanese restaurants are abundant and go beyond traditional sushi fare.Type 1 - "All About The Decor" - These sushi restaurants are more concerned with the overall aesthetic, where the budget and level of importance is clearly put toward fancy tables, expensive light fixtures, majestic waterfalls, flaming centerpieces, state-of-the-art sound systems and a wait staff waiting to be discovered. Let's not be confused here - the food is really an afterthought. Type 2 - "All About The Food" - These type of sushi restaurants exist off the main drags, resting subtly in dimly lit corners of strip malls next to dollar stores, or in the case of Kampai, a bowling alley. They are typically "mom and pop" family run organizations, poorly decorated, and have a singular focus - really fresh and really good food. Kampai is your classic Type 2 joint. I've been many times now, only getting around to writing this review after another visit. It's simple, straight forward sushi. Always fresh, with the standard menu expected by those who want straight forward sushi in a no frills environment. There's no music blaring and no crazy list of rolls with ridiculously named concoctions with so many ingredients, you really can't identify any flavors once it hits your tongue. Don't get me wrong, there's always a time and place for Type 1 sushi places - parties, happy hours, etc. But if you want good food, fresh fish, a straight forward selection and all of it prepared by actual sushi chefs speaking Japanese, look not further.      Author's Note: If you watch shows like No Reservations, you'll know that Anthony Bourdain always speaks highly of places like Kampai and would never find himself in Type 1 restaurants.
4	I could live off of sushi and being from Southern California I have had some amazing experiences at different locations and I have had my fair share of experiences of sushi restaurants in scottsdale too. I was a bit weary at first but REALLY impressed after my meal. The Las Vegas Roll is great and the Scallop roll was delici!
5	There's nothing you can do to not give this sushi stop 5 star!  The aesthetics, service and food are all traditional, spot on and wonderful.  I have gone here several times with friends on many occasions and its always been a hit.  The sushi is amazing and honest.  It's a good fix when your away from the ocean and it passes up some of the places I've eaten on the ocean coast.  Anything you get here whether it's the sushi or the grill will impress.  The deserts are also pretty rad as well and I love it that they keep everything traditional and rooted.  If you want to try something amazing and semi exotic get the Kama - Yellowfin Collar.  FREAKING STELLAR!!  Rice and grilled fish brings me right back down to the roots.
5	Phenomenal sushi!  We had another incredible dinner last night.  The quality is simply the best in Phoenix.  This is not a chic, trendy scene like some of the clubs pretending to be sushi bars.This is a simple, quiet, nice, comfortable, little spot with excellent sushi as well as other traditional Japanese food.  It's as fresh as it gets and Yuki and EJ are truly talented at creating the most delicious sushi offerings you could ever hope to eat.  I highly recommend that you give it a try.
1	Very slow service
5	Always fresh. Love the spicy squid and fresh Toro, One of the best local sushi restaurants out there.
2	very disappointed.  all of the other reviews made it seem like I have been missing the best sushi ever and it was not.  for the price not worth it
2	Ok so although Im tempted to give this place a 1 star, I will be fair and give them 2 because their sushi is always fresh, that is if you have a few hours to wait for it to arrive, with that being said, that is my biggest complaint. I moved to phoenix 5 years ago, this was the 1st place my husband took me to, and I loved it, the sushi was amazing (although their menu is very limited and boring) and their mussels are the best in the valley, they dont stuff it with crab meat, like the other places we went to. However within the past few years, their service has declined tremendously, their host  looks like a kid who does not know much about greeting customers, most of the time looks confused, I havent seen more than 2 servers working on their busiest nights, which ofcourse is a very big problem. We used to like this place also because its pretty close and we thought it would be a convenient location for a quick stop, well that is absolutely not the case, we went there a few days ago, which is definitely our last time, my husband and I had to wait 45 minutes just to get edemame (soybeans), then 30 min later we received our appetizer, now maybe some people dont mind, but I have 2 kids at home and I dont have all the time in the world on a weekday to sit at a sushi spot for 3 hours just to eat dinner. I was so irritated, the server kept apologizing, and ofcourse i know its not his fault, he was waiting for the chefs to prepare our sushi, but they looked like they were in no rush, taking their time chatting away with people sitting in the bar area. The waiter then told me that if we sat at the bar, we would be served sooner, which is complete bullshit, I go to dinner with my husband to enjoy dinner and talk with my husband and not sit at the bar watching them make my sushi, i like my privacy once in a while considering I have 2 little kids at home!!! So 2 hours into dinner we asked for the check before they could finish our 2 last rolls, my husband paid and we left, what a horrible experience, I dont think i was ever that irritated in a restaurant.
4	Stopped by here for dinner before seeing a movie down the street.  I got the teriyaki chicken dinner, which comes with miso soup and salad.  Everything was very good and the price was great, I'll be back for sure.  Even though I didn't order sushi, I overheard the waitress explaining some of the rolls to the table next to me, and she really knew what she was talking about.
4	Yum!!!! I had a total craving for sushi and found this place had good reviews here on yelp.  I was skeptical as I usually have sushi at fancy Scottsdale places, but seeing as it was so close to home, I gave it awhirl.  The restaurant boasts an "A" rating and though it was was super simple inside, the sushi tasted so fresh and was amazing.  I will be back soon and absolutely recommend!
1	Under new ownership/staffing now and the quality of the food has declined dramatically. A real shame, it was a great old north valley resto.
1	THE END OF AN ERAWhat once was the best sushi restaurant in Phoenix is now under new management, and it definitely shows.They have tried to bring in new rolls similar to those at every other sushi place. They have changed the ingredients in many of their rolls, including the spicy tuna roll and the shrimp tempura rolls, which were the ones that kept us coming back. Kampai was special because it wasn't like every other Scottsdale sushi place, it had the freshest ingredients and the most authentic rolls. Not anymore.The quality of the ingredients is now very poor compared to what it used to be. The fish is sliced much too thinly. The rolls were not as fresh or as tasty even in the slightest. Their spicy tuna roll, which used to have fresh tuna and cucumbers and sprouts, is now made with a mixture of chopped tuna and spices with Krab mix. They changed their entire staff, which will come back to bite them sooner or later. The new sushi chef was rude, did not want to engage in conversation, and plainly did not acknowledge us. Our order was taken much later than we were ready to give it, and we had to ask for waters. Then, another chef came into the sushi bar area from the back wearing a plain tshirt, not a uniform, and without washing his hands he began to make our food. There were several questionable instances when cleanliness did not seem to be a concern of the sushi chefs. Sanitation is major at a sushi restaurant, and so is the food. So is the service. So is the music (which they changed from nice traditional music to soft rock?!). Since all of these things have changed, my family who has been long-time customers of Kampai for the last 15 years will sadly not be returning. Kampai, you just lost some previously dedicated customers. At least we went here in May for my birthday before they changed, I wish we knew it would be the last time that we could enjoy our favorites. I don't see how they will stay open for much longer.
1	Nicole S. has said it all.  Tonight we had an added attraction,  the entertainment was watching the sushi chef smell the fish in view of the dinners.  Maybe that should have been done in the back before they opened for dinner.
1	20 years for me and sad to see them go.  Sadder still to see a great traditional Japanese sushi restaurant end, and not carry on the tradition.  We would go here for consistently great fresh fish and great service.  They have also trained many young sushi chefs through the years here in Phoenix.  Great Japanese food isn't about fancy rolls and combinations, but about great fresh ingredients.  END OF AN ERA.  I agree.
1	Like the others I will be grieving the loss of this restaurant for a very long time.  Going to Kampai was like going home.  It was all about the food and the wonderful people who served it.  The food at Kampai was always the BEST.  It was like the Japanese version of Cheers where everyone knew your name.  Megan, EJ, EJ, and Yugi knew every member of my family by name.  I was on a first name basis with many of the patrons who visited regularly and will miss all the good times.  The oohing and ahhing when someone ordered grilled Amberjack head, shishito peppers, handmade gyoza or cured salmon that you couldn't get anywhere else in the valley.  The superior qualify of the fish that was butchered in house.  The precision of Japanese tradition that Yugi proudly passed on to his loyal apprentices.  I understand that Yugi wanted to retire, and wish him well.  I respect both EJs who quit because the new owners wanted to cut corners in every way using low quality, pre-butchered fish and prepackaged foods.  Helloooooo new owners...we can tell the difference!!!!  We won't be back to eat your nasty Americanized fast-food style food.  On a good note...I found EJ at Hiro Sushi in Scottsdale!  And I hear "mohawk" EJ is working at a sushi bar in Cave Creek.
1	Unfortunately it was recently sold and is no longer the wonderful gem it once was. Very sad.  Don't waste your time or money here.
2	The Fall From Sushi Grace!! Kampai used to be my favorite sushi restraunt, there fish was very high quality and purchased fresh everyday. Now Kampai is simply meteocre, the new owners have completely changed the menu, sushi chefs, and the quality of fish has gone down drastically. Honestly I would not go back to Kampai now based on price alone, they are just to expensive for the low quality food that is served now. Less is definitely more as far as the old Kampai goes, their menu was simple and so were the ingrediants in the rolls. If you do choose to try out the downgraded Kampai I suggest the spicy tuna roll and the vegas roll, both are decent tasting. This sushi restraunt has nothing special to offer its consumers anymore. If you have been loyal to Kampai you will see how badly a mistake the original owners made when they decided to sell. Also Kampai is now open all the time so you can eat their crappy food almost anytime of the day now.
5	Disclaimer: my last visit was at least 9 months ago; I have no idea what it's like now with a new owner, but prospects don't look good: Love this place! It doesn't look like much from the outside, but the food is fantastic! The wait staff is very nice & accommodating. Everything tastes so fresh and comes out quickly! It's excellent & one of our favorite places to eat!
1	What a sad day it is when the BEST sushi place in Phoenix is now possibly the WORST!  New ownership, super unfriendly, awful sauces, the light soy sauce is NOT light but they have it in a light jar and limited sashimi and awful rolls.  No special's, no unique fish, NOTHING about this place is Kampai!!!Don't waste your money!!!
1	We have been going there for 14 years! Uki son the owner was an amazing chef with the finest quality of sushi, amazing authentic rolls, like the Kampai roll, tgeir albacore tataki with their special sauce is to die for. The muscles with its own authentic taste was amazing! Now under new ownership and the quality of sushi decreased and its noticeable significantly, we gave it a 4 time try with the new owner BUT finally stopped wasting our money!!! The sushi chef drank and ate behind the counter while making sushi, did not wash his hands and it disgusted me! I WILL NEVER GO BACK AND I WANT TO LET OTHERS KNOW!!! Dont waste your $$$$
5	Great little place that has the best Sushi chef!  I have to admit, I knew the sushi chef from a former restaurant and so we went there to check out his new place.  Get to know this guy and he'll take care of you!I went here for the first time last week with a friend and the vibe is very laid back and relaxed.  Very clean and neat little place too.  We each ordered an appetizer- the mushrooms for me, the fried peppers for him.  The mushrooms were tasty, but the peppers were the best I'd ever had! We then each ordered a couple of rolls and then a sashimi appetizer.  I ordered the avocado roll, the eel roll and one other roll I can't remember.   I know they are kind of basic, but that's what really shows the quality of the ingredients.  The sashimi appetizer had several different types of sashimi and all the fish was fresh and simply, but nicely, presented. The prices were very reasonable for what we ordered as well.  The little thing that was a big selling point, to me, about this place was the menu.  Everything was clearly pictured and had the roll ingredients for each roll.  For someone with food allergies and who is picky about my food combinations,  this was a BIG help for me!  This is also a big help to those not too familiar with sushi, but want to try something new.All in all, a great experience.  I will definitely be back!
5	Clean, fresh and tasty.  That's pretty much what I look for when I go for sushi, and I was not disappointed.  Staff was VERY friendly and service was good, no complaints from me at all, and I can be a curmudgeon.The Sushi chef was knowledgeable, and was not timid to make recommendations when asked.  Another review mentioned the peppers, and I tried them on the chef's recommendation.  They will now be a staple for me.I WILL be returning regularly!
5	DO NOT LISTEN TO ALL THESE HATERS WHO MISS THE OLD MANAGEMENT!!!  The change could not have been better in my opinion!  Under the old management, it felt really tense, awkward, and unfriendly.  The sushi chefs, especially the older man, would simply not talk with anyone at the sushi bar seating; you basically had to FORCE conversation on them to fill the uncomfortable silence, provided you were outgoing enough to break the ice.  Every time you needed something, it was unclear who to ask, and you felt like a pest.  The selection of food items was super limited and weak; especially the rolls.  There was only a short list of rolls, and most of them were kinda lackluster.  I recently decided to give the place another try, and was pleasantly surprised....no, BLOWN AWAY by the new management!  They were playing rock music, a nice lady greeted me, and the new sushi chef "Kasper" is literally the COOLEST AND MOST INTERESTING CHEF I HAVE EVER TALKED TO!!!  We hit it off so well right away that he made me an amazing custom roll that he let me design myself, and we quickly became Facebook friends. He'll treat you so well and make you feel so comfortable that you'll want to leave him a much-deserved big tip.  The menu has been expanded to include a huge selection of awesome, tasty, creative, modern rolls.  Trust me, I eat a lot of sushi and have tried most places in the valley, and you won't get this kind of low-key, one-on-one experience anywhere else!  This place now RULES!!!!!!!
3	Recently purchased by new owners. How do I know this? The new head sushi chef (28 year old Casper) regaled us with stories about the old owner's mental, emotional and financial health. Very unprofessional. Casper is quite impressed with himself. I did not appreciate his observation that "Boy, you guys sure do eat a lot," or "You look like you can afford to have a nice meal out once in a while." The food is not as good as it was in the past. We are debating whether or not we will go back. It is a shame, because we loved having excellent, fresh sushi just blocks from our home.
2	I had not been to Kampai in a while when I went for a birthday dinner on November 30th. Imagine my surprise to discover it was under new management (I should have read the recent reviews first). I was a fan of Kampai because it was possibly the most authentic Japanese restaurant in Phoenix.The decor hasn't changed (which, frankly, could use some refreshing, like the seat cushions in the booths are sagging, but overall, is still quite serviceable and even charming), but the menu has changed radically and now includes an almost encyclopedic collection of "maki" sushi (sushi rolls), most of which seem be to calculated to appeal to western tastes. Think Philly and California rolls (along with Caterpillar rolls, Arizona rolls, etc.). Yes, you can still get sushi by the piece, but not sure if I'd bother, they didn't even have tamago (egg omelet) and the surf clam (both nigiri) we had fell apart. Perhaps they should stick with chirashizushi instead of nigiri. I also didn't think the sushi rice was well prepared or that the fish was properly chilled (it seemed a tad warm). I was not impressed.Along with the sushi we also had a cucumber and seaweed salad (actually, sunomono) which was surprisingly good.Compliments, however, to the wait staff as they were exceedingly attentive and food and drinks were served with a smile and promptly. The staff is probably what stopped me from leaving too quickly (the staff under previous management was always warm and welcoming and I miss them).Now for the food coming out of the kitchen: Another delightful surprise, it was well executed. It was obvious to me that the tempura recipe was slightly different than previously, but it was well done and not greasy. A few details were off-putting, though, there was no gobo root in the vegetable mix and far too many slices of potato, and this time, pieces of chicken, too, which were a little stringy, I'd rather have had an additional shrimp (the large prawns were cut in half lengthwise and served in individually making the serving seem more generous than it was).Also since the new management, the prices have risen rather steeply: Una-ju (eel over rice) is up sharply and several other items went up as well. Given recent economic times and the rise in restaurant prices, I'm not sure this is entirely fair, but some of the prices went up rather surprisingly high. It is easy, with drinks, to run to over $30.00 per person.The new restaurant menu is all over the place: It appears that the new owners have tried to keep the core menu, but other additions make it seem disorganized, as if they are trying to please too many. The new menu has Fried rice, bulgogki, tempura, nabeyaki. Fried rice? And, yes, something like an encyclopedia of sushi rolls (2 pages worth).I went to Kampai because it reminded me of restaurants when I was in Japan. It was not striving for fusion or pan-Asain cuisine, or tons of novelty - a new dish now and then, fine, but was a solid example of quietly typical Japanese cuisine; quality classic food and an intimate atmosphere rather than catering to western ideas of what sushi and Japanese food "should" be or giving into food fads. I was always gratified to see members of the local ex-pat Japanese community eating there. And now I don't know where to sate my addiction to Japanese cuisine. Any recommendations greatly appreciated, as I don't know if I will be back to the new Kampai.
4	Better than ever!  Fresh, delicious fish.  A variety of unique rolls.  I enjoyed the Maui roll and Super White Tuna sashimi.  Friendly staff.  Good prices.  High standards.  I'll be back... Often.
2	Groan, moan, sigh. We came here on a Sat night and the restaurant was okay busy but extremely under staffed. We were seated asked by one waitress what we wanted to order. When we said we needed more time to look at the menu, she promptly disappeared. I mean, literally. We never say her back in the dining room again. There was one sushi chef and one waitress for the whole place. Tick tock, tick tock. It took over 30 mins to order and prob even longer to get our food. The worst part was the waitress was pretty rude to us until she saw me check in on Yelp. Instantaneously she was much friendlier and nicer to us.  Pretty suspect!We still left her a decent tip cause anyone can have an off night . . . But not sure we will be back- the food?  Who can remember- we dozed off while waiting for it!
1	Too bad Yelp doesn't allow me to write a review with zero stars. I'm sad to say although Kampai is open for business it might as well be closed down.
5	The sushi chef is amazing! I don't understand why some people don't like this place I guess it depends on what they are comparing it to. The food is excellent and again the sushi chef is the best! I'd give them 10 stars if I could. I will be coming back!
4	Great sushi.  But above N. Scottsdale prices!   Can't afford to eat sushi at these prices very often. Service was okay. Sushi chef was friendly and offered yummy suggestions.
5	Simply... WOW!!  The menu has expanded, and the food is even better under the new owners!  Presentation, portion size, and freshness are all 5 stars.  And the service?  A++!!!  I am a big foodie (cooked with Barbara Fenzl on Channel 8), so don't give high praise unless it REALLY is that good.  My favorite sushi/sashimi in the valley (and not paying snobby Scottsdale prices).
1	Stopped by this place for lunch - because I remembered this place was decent last time I went there a few years ago... I was so disappointed with the quality of the food. I read some reviews after I came home and now I know why - under the new management. All my sashimi tasted so old and the sushi rice was way too much vinegar in it. The server was nice but the food was bad. I will not go back there ever again. Too sad because it used to be a good restaurant.
1	By far the worst sushi experience I have ever had. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. I eat sushi fairly often and have a few spots in phoenix and scottsdale that I would highly recommend to anyone. I had bought a groupon to this place and wanted to try a new spot. I was hoping to find a new hidden gem. The restaurant location wise is not the best. That didnt bother me though I went on a Sat afternoon around 1pm.  I was the only customer in the restaurant. I started out with the miso soup and soft shell crab appetizer.  The crab still had all the guts visible and I told the waitress I was not pleased with the order and she can take it away. She never did. I ordered 2 rolls and a sashimi plate. The sashimi was served 1st. The sashimi was served somewhat warm. The rolls came afterward I had tootsie and Tropical roll. Both rolls had too much rice. The fish tasted fishy and not fresh. I have never been scared eating sushi in town but this place scared me to death. I had few bites and left the entire meal on table. I complained to waitress about the fish being old and not fresh. I also told waitress sushi has  fishy taste. I explained to her sushi should not have fishy taste.  I also told her about the sashimi served warm. She apologized and told me the chef has been doing this for 20+ yrs and knows what shes doing. I was the only one in the restaurant so whatever the chef is doing I do not think is working.  My bill came and none of the items I complained about were deducted.  If I could give this place a negative star I would. I would not recommend this place to anyone.  The food was awful.
2	I used to love this place but have read on here that it is under new management. The are smaller and it does not taste anywhere how the rolls used to taste. They were so good but now they are horrible!  Service is great and only reason giving it two stars. Not going back!!
1	I used to love Kanpai - great prices, quality food, and an excellent staff. I don't know if it was sold or what they are doing but 'Sushi Ave' is now treading on the classic and established Kanpai name. Prices are higher, portions are smaller, and the quality of the fish is horrid. All my old favorites are gone and the recipes have all changed. I'm really disappointed to lose one of my favorite sushi bars in Phoenix, but as one of the new staff said 'we have to change it up'. Sadly I won't be back and I don't suggest they be allowed to continue to tarnish such an established name.
1	Ordered several rolls with my boyfriend and we both got very sick in the afternoon. Called them to let them know & they asked for me to come in with a doctors note. LOL also told me it wasn't their food that got me sick. That kind of response is just inconsiderate.
5	I'm not one who usually writes reviews, but this place definitely deserves it!Sushi Ave was formerly called Kanpai Sushi. It was my favorite sushi restaurant of all time. When they were bought out by Sushi Ave I was not thrilled, but I forced myself to give them a try. I've been there twice in the last week! It's my new favorite! Rolls and other foods are placed creatively on white china with an artsy flare to the drizzle of sauces. Both times I've been there, there were these two very sweet and well-mannered women: one the head chef, and one the hostess/waitress.Sushi Ave doesn't generate as much traffic as Kanpai did (at least from what I've seen), but with it's food surpassing the taste/quality of the previous business there, it definitely deserves it in my opinion!The head chef this time gave me two fried delicious crab puffs on sticks on the house! Yum Yum!! Then satisfied my tastebuds further with another "On-the-House" treat of sliced fried pineapple with chocolate sauce & whipped cream!
1	This location is awful. They changed names and nothing actually changed besides that. Food isn't very good. Dinners come with nothing but mounds of onions. So many better places to choose from. Won't be going back.
4	Extremely friendly and attentive service.  The Red Dragon roll was very good and the Shishito peppers were awesome.  They also have a decent Happy Hour.
5	Sushi ave is my new favorite sushi place!!! They have a love love roll that is awesome!!!!! Don't let the mustard sauce description fool you, it is sweet and ads just the right amount of heat to the roll. The server and sushi chef we had tonight were attentive and able to give on the spot suggestions for sake and some of their more unique sushi rolls. We were given a free poke salad, sake, edamame, and a yummy pineapple desert! The salmon sashimi we had was amazing, along with the two love love rolls we had, the rainbow role, and the cucumber I was in sushi heaven! I will definitely be coming back here!
5	This place is AMAZING!!!! If you are a true sushi fan (I mean real authentic sushi not an all deep fried and CA roll person) you will not be disappointed with this establishment. Throughout the dinner I was given multiple things on the house! Score! I also discovered my all time favorite sushi roll the love love roll!!! This is the best kept secret in phoenix! This place has a normal happy hour Monday-Friday 3-6, and a reverse happy hour from 8- close. There are multiple specials that they offer including a sake tasting for $10. I will definitely be coming back here! And encourage anyone to give it a try you will not be disappointed!!!!
1	I work across the street at a busy car dealership. I ordered an inside out cali roll, bento box Teriyaki chicken and spicy beef. The California roll was prepared with roe on top which is not what I ordered. My chicken and beef was so skimpy and contained all onions with HARDLY ANY MEAT. The spicy beef and chicken was swimming in oil and tasted of pure onion. I LOVE the dressing on the salad however the lettuce was brown, old and wilting. I will NEVER return and will NEVER recommend anyone from the dealership eat here. The lady at the front was very nice and pleasant and I so wanted this lunch to be great...... She said she hoped to see me again..... Sorry, but you won't!!I spent $21.00 and all I ate was the Miso soup. I was charged dinner prices at lunch. Not my kind of icing on the cake. The place was a ghost town and there was not one person inside at 12:15pm lunch...BIG RED FLAG. Should have returned the food for a refund.
3	Pretty mediocre. Neither the portion size nor the quality of the food justify the price.I had an order of chicken yakisoba and a spicy yellowtail roll. The order also came with a  small side salad and some miso soup.The yakisoba was not impressive, tasted like it had been flavored with a flavor packet from package of ramen noodles, and was a smaller portion than I had expected for the price.The spicy yellowtail was nothing special, and was a bit smaller than I expected.The miso soup was good, but could very well have been one of those "just add hot water" miso soup packets for all I know. It's pretty hard to mess up miso soup I think.The salad was fresh and the dressing was pretty good, but if the best part of a meal is the side salad, that's not really a good thing, I don't think.Normally, I give this place 2 stars, but the atmosphere in the restaurant was nice, and the staff was very polite and friendly, so I bumped it up to 3 stars.
5	I had a great dinner at Sushi Ave tonight with my family. Nice food and kind people. I would definitely visit again.
5	Great experience. We used to love Kampai and had been going there for years.  Then one day a year or so ago we went in and things seemed "different" . Atmosphere was poor, fishy smell and the fish quality was off. The wife and I agreed something had changed for the worse. After getting home I consulted Yelp and lo and behold there were a bunch of reviews talking about how the ownership had changed and the place had really slipped. So time goes by and tonight we decided to give Sushi Ave another chance. Wow are we glad we did! Whatever problems they had are fixed and I honestly can say the place is now better than kampai ever was. Kim Chi, soshito peppers, yellowtail scallion roll, cured salmon and Hamachi Kaman. All wonderful. Give Sushi Ave a try you won't be disappointed .
