1	this location gives Marshall's a bad name. a friend and I were in the mood for some great deals and we both decided we 'needed' new shoes. I said let's try Marshall's! It's usually better than Ross or TJ and the biggest one I know of in the valley is at AZ Mills. We got there around 7:30 or 8pm after dinner and about 20 minutes before closing we had to use the restroom REALLY bad (FYI- eating low carb candy before a shopping trip is a VERY bad idea, read the warning label on those low-carb snacks) anywho......they did not have a restroom for us to use but instead gave us directions to the closest one. At this point we had 2 shopping carts EACH filled with fantastic finds(a lot more than the pair of shoes we went in for) and had already become so attached that we didn't feel comfortable leaving our carts just anywhere thinking someone would try to steal our  hot items or put them away.so we kindly asked if we could place our carts behind the counter or right next to it while we rushed to the bathroom. the girl gave me one of THE nastiest looks ever and said "um no".surprised by her rudeness, i got a little bit of an attitude and said "UM then where do you want me to put them?!?!" she rolled her eyes again, "fine, leave them here." and off to the bathroom we ran. we got back about 5-10 minutes before closing(i used to work in retail so i know how annoying it is when customers come before close but we were done shopping and just wanted to pay). 5-10 minutes was just enough time for us to do that anyway. so we came back in and the girls working there were so nasty with us. they were complaining out loud while we waited in line about how much they hate when people come in as they're closing and out loud said "don't they have any damn respect?" i knew AZ mills was ghetto....I just ignored them but my friend pretty much told them to shut their dirty little mouths because they weren't even closed yet. if the deals we found weren't so awesome we would have left but we bought our stuff and neither one of us will ever return. our business is obviously wanted and appreciated elsewhere.this place makes me want to say really bad words!!!!!!!
5	Got a case for my IPhone here that was usually $25, for @7.99..love a bargain !! And didn't have to even wait in line, hell yeah!
5	You can get much lower prices from original prices!
5	I've been to lots of Marshalls in different cities and states, but I'd say the staff here are definitely the friendliest.I was in this evening getting a couple makeup bags for Christmas presents, and the lady who rang my purchase was so helpful and sweet. Her name was Susan.
4	This store has a larger selection than most here in the Valley and they are much better about organizing their merchandise.  For instance if I visit a smaller Marshalls I am looking all over the place for shower soap.  They dont have a specific area for it so it could be on one of 5 or 6 displays and there is no rhyme or reason to the display.  At this store all the soap for the shower is in one place saving me a ton of time.  The only problem here is that you have to watch out for your car in the parking lot it can easily be stolen.
