4	This place has one of my all-time FAVORITE Asian dishes - the Thai Spicy Noodles. Yeah, generic sounding as heck but it's really thin noodles with woked chicken & shrimp, scallions, egg, cabbage and I can't remember what else, with Thai spice. Squeeze a huge wedge of lemon over it and I'm in heaven. One order is enough to feed me, my hubby and our teen daughter, but we usually get two... it's sooo tasty when it's cold. Breakfast of champions. Their honey chicken is really good, in fact I can't think of any dish that we have not liked. Their appetizers are yummy, and they do both spring and egg rolls. That's handy for a family of mixed disciples. :) The service is always very smiley and friendly, and there's never been a wait. Totally good Asian food for a very decent price, in a clean restaurant. What more could you want??
4	Hot fresh Asian Cuisine now that's what I am talking about when I think about this place.  I am not sure why they are not as busy as they are maybe its the location.  Its behind an IHOP on Olive and 107th ave.  There is also a Safeway in the parking lot.  The crowd at this place is predominately sun city folks but don't be hesitant these older folks know where the good Chinese is.   First off the service is top knot ch.  This is a family owned restaurant and I always see the same folks as servers.  Water sodas and any thing else you would want comes fast, cold, and refreshing.  They also ask you if you want a refill when they notice your glass is half empty.   Although I have never had a drink here they do serve alcohol here.  The food is fantastic.  The prices are way to low for the amount of food they give you.  6.50 lunch specials give you a entree, noodles,rice,soup,wonton,and egg roll.  And not like other places they have about ten plus items for lunch and dinner combos.  The dinner combos start at 7.50 and include all the above except the portion size is monstrous.  The waiter says its like you buy one get one free.  I recommend any of the chicken dishes, orange chicken is great but my fave is cashew chicken and sea same chicken.   The Mongolian beef is awesome also.  But if you have a favorite chances are they have it in a combo.   They have a huge selection of other dishes if you want to try something not on the combo menu.Overall I say give it a chance.  These are good people with good food.  I am a regular maybe you will be too.
5	Orange Chicken & Thai Spicy noodles are both amazing. Staff is unbelievably friendly especially now that I have been comming here for 3+ years. I check in here 1-2 days a week. Need I say more.
3	Lunch specials $4.50 to $6.00. Main dish comes with soup, crab puff and eggroll . Clean place, nice decor. Normally plenty of parking, except Sunday lunch as it's next to the IHOP. The soup and crab puffs were better than most, the eggroll not quite, but edible. The main dishes were good.Our server was frantic, tossing us menus, then rushed us to order whle tying her  shoe. My wife, later trying to save the lady a few steps, took her water glass up to the station and the response was a snappy snarl you could hear from the other side of the dining room, "What do you want?", hilarious... You just had to laugh...  The other two servers who helped us in various ways (clearing away soup bowls and asking if I needed another beer) were very nice and friendly. Making it even more funny. Oh well... If either of the other servers had served us I am sure we could have given 4 stars.
4	Tasty Asian cuisine, in the middle of no where? Yes!I frequent the tiny village of Youngtown, and to my dismay I can never find a good place for lunch. That's all changed now. T & J is a quiet, unassuming little restaurant with tons of options. I found the quiet, pentatonic music awkward, but it seemed to fade as I browsed through their menu with excitement.Before they even hand it to you, there's pictures on the wall of every dish. So, so many options. Roast duck? Chicken prepared in every way imaginable? And just look at those prices! So I ordered some honey chicken for lunch (so much food for so cheap) and it was of decent quality. It came with a crab wonton and an egg roll.The reason I'm bumping this place up to four stars is because it has a small bar in the back. Most places like this only serve Tsingtao and maybe some cheap wine. They had some tasty liquors, and even a small specialty drink menu. Including a saketini. Those are my weakness! Time to knock back a few in dullsville.
4	Very good, cheap Chinese food. Lots of specials including beer. The only problem was that one of the servers had her two kids there who were making noise and literally crawling on the patrons' tables. If this is a regular occurrence, get the food to go.
4	The food takes a while, but DAM...it's worth the wait! The mongolian beef, and orange chicken was delicious. Quality ingredients makes a difference.
5	Honestly this is my favorite  Chinese restaurant in Phoenix!  The staff is friendly and attentive. The food is always served in a very timely manner and its super fresh! Their orange chicken is by far the best! Top all that off with their great prices and that calls for one fantastic meal!
3	Food is very very good, but the service is absolutely horrible.
5	This is probably the best Chinese fusion you can get in the valley.  the lemon chicken is amazing the portions are huge and the value is right on the money. The crazy part about this place is it is in the middle of nowhere. dont waste your time anywhere else for Asian cuisine in the west valley.
4	After eating at many different Asian restaraunts, I've settled on T & J as my favorite place on the west side.   Some of the menu items are a little pricier at T & J but they more than make up for it with the extremely generous portions of food.   The menu is a little larger than at some of the other Chinese restaraunts in the Valley too which is a huge plus.  The atmosphere inside the restaraunt is nice and the servers are polite and speedy.  The restaraunt also offers good carry out service if you just want to pick dinner up for your family.  They always pack well, though some of the entree items are coated with enough sauce that your packages will leak if you aren't careful.
5	Nice place! Fast and efficient service! They even have Sriachai hot sauce on the table (in a bottle).  I enjoyed eating at the restaurant.
5	I love this place! I live in Surprise, but will stop here on my way home from work and pick up dinner. My favorite is the lemon chicken, all white meat, very tasty sauce. They also have delicious fried rice and lo mein.For $7 to $8, depending what you order, you can get soup, egg roll, crab puff, your entree, fried rice, and lo mein! Can't beat that! This is definitely one of my favorites and will continue to come. The service is also super fast and the staff is friendly.
5	I have been eating here off and on for 7 years, and I have never been disappointed. Granted, I have not tried many things on the menu (only the lemon chicken, BBQ pork, orange chicken, sweet and sour chicken, and everything that comes with the combos).  The orange chicken is the best orange chicken I've ever tasted.  The chicken is thin cut and lightly battered, fried, then coated in a flavorful orange sauce.  I also recommend the egg drop soup and egg rolls.  They have great prices and large portions. I have them on speed dial so I can get my food ordered for takeout.
4	Best Singapore noodles in all of Phoenix!  Definately will return anytime I am in the area.
4	Great service- been here twice and it's been great each time. CLEAN- I love that about T&J's- no sticky tables! I get chicken with pineapple, awesome! Egg drop soup is fantastic and the sweet and sour sauce is delightful!
4	Best Chinese food I've had in AZ so far.  Tried a couple of others with disappointing results.  The Mongolian Beef is really good and spicy and I love the fried wontons.  The orange chicken is also pretty good, as is the pork fried rice.  The portions were substantial!  The staff was very attentive and the facilities were nice and clean.
5	I love T & J!!! Their food is always delicious, fresh, and cheap.  The sweet and sour shrimp is amazing. They use large butterflied gulf shrimp,fry them in a  crispy tempura batter, and toss them in homemade sweet and sour sauce. The shrimp is about 9 dollars as part of a  dinner combo, and comes with a bowl of the best great egg drop soup I. The shrimp is served on a huge plate along with fried rice, yummy wok fried lo mein, an egg roll, and two pork wontons. The wontons are am too chewy.  The egg rolls are amazing. They come with a sweet and sour dipping sauce. If you want hot mustard you have to ask. Their beef and broccoli is also a good choice. The beef is  very tender, and the sauce is super flavorful. The snow white chicken is great if you are looking for a more healthful option. It is full of fresh Chinese vegetables, white meat chicken, and a light garlic sauce. I thought the orange chicken was just okay. The orange sauce is good, and it is lightly breaded in panko crumbs, but the chicken was a bit tough. The waiters are very nice. They are quick to refill soda and tea glasses. The dining room is clean and comfortable. The decor and tables are much nicer then those at similar Chinese restaurants. They have a full bar and beer specials everyday. The menu is huge.  There are so many things i cant wait to try. There food is sooooo good!!!
3	Decent food at a fair price.  More or less standard Chinese offerings with high quality ingredients.  Did not find the dishes to be very spicy but did have a good flavor.  Ours was a to go order but while waiting found the staff to be very friendly.  Not the finest Chinese I have ever had but far from the worst!  Was a good value.  I would agree that the place was clean as well.
4	This place is great...provided that you are getting take out. First, the food is great and the portions are good sized. However, dining in here will make you feel as though you are unwanted. I'm not sure if it's a cultural thing, but there definitely isn't any effort to make you feel "at home." All-in-all: Get take out, enjoy your food, and skip dining in. It's the food that brings you back.
4	Actually love this place.  There food portions are always big and the taste is very good.  I love their egg rolls and the service is great.  Parking is convenient.  I've never had anything that wasn't good here.  The rice bowls are huge as well.
4	Good teriyaki chicken, service was excellent, fresh and yummy food.  Food tasted great even after reheating leftovers.
5	Great food and great service! My favorite restaurant hands down! The specials (lunch and dinner) are super inexpensive and big enough that two people could share, but you will want your own for left overs. Yum, yum!
5	Outstanding service,  very clean restaurant.  Chicken was tender,  egg drop soup was full of flavor. Egg roll was large and not greasy.   FANTASTIC... We will be regular patrons.
4	Food was excellent, received so much for the price...can't beat the combo. We had take out and there was plenty of food to share. Will try the dine in service sometime!
5	We have tried Asian all over the South West and this is hands down the best, no the very best. The food is great with each dish having its own flavor. The portions are very generous, the service attentive without being in intrusive. We had 2 types of soup, the orange chicken and BBQ "extra brown"  fries rice and an ice tea for less than $22 with take home fried rice. I GPS'ed the front door so we will be able to find it the next time we have company and they want to try a really good Asian restaurant.
5	Easily the best Chinese food around the area. I haven't eaten inside, but the take out is great. You can get a meal for around $8 and it includes the main meal, noodles, rice, egg drop soup, and an egg roll. I will be going back,
4	We had chow mein, egg foo yong, and orange chicken all of which tasted delicious. The restaurant feels clean and comfortable. The service was also fast and friendly. I will return!!!!
3	Ordered a today's combo of orange chicken. Wasn't bad, lots of food. I saw some people mention how it fed two people or even 2 plus a child. However I just ate the entire combo by myself. I am a beast what can I say lol. Truth be told I was starving and in the mood for some Asian food and I can put away some food on occasion. I also am pretty damn full as I type this. Price was 9.75 with tax included. I don't eat out much but if I do get a craving for Asian again I might take a stab at it. Don't think I'll eat the orange chicken again though it's kinda like fried chicken with glaze. Just not my cup of tea. Low mein, rice, egg roll were all cool.
5	We're regulars here. The food is amazing! And the workers are very friendly and helpful too. The food is always fresh and the egg rolls are bomb.com!
3	Went back today. Got the honey chicken lunch special.Wasn't bad but I was underwhelmed. The rice was old and it looked like they just haphazardly threw soy sauce on it and an old egg and mixed it up - other then that there was nothing to it. I'm not sure when the last time they warmed it up was.The honey chicken was decent but it tasted like it got a little overcooked as I could taste a slightly burned flavor. Wasn't disgusting but definitely noted.Last time I spoke highly about the portions but this time I'm going to have to bump it down a notch. This was less food then you'd get at panda express with a double entree. Thankfully it is cheaper than Panda so it gets an "A-OK" from me. But I've definitely had fresher food from Panda.$6.50 with tax included isn't bad.If the price was more I'd give it two stars just because of the lower quality of food and smaller portions. Saving grace is price, egg rolls and egg drop soup is cool. Oh yeah and pickup is mega quick they seem to have your order within 10 mins with consistency thus far.
5	I was out to Phoenix on business and stayed at a hotel just a few miles down the road.  I was craving Chinese and found this place to have great reviews and this place did not disappoint.  I'm almost willing to say it is some of the best Chinese food I've ever had.  I usually get the same thing at every Chinese place to help me gauge and rank each experience.  So I had the house special fried rice - super great flavor did not skimp on meat, shrimp or chicken, honey walnut shrimp - great texture great flavor light batter, General Tsao's Chicken - light batter for more flavor, great glaze and incredible flavor, Chow Fun / no bean sprouts - perfect blend of flavors.  One thing to know the portions are HUGE, they really epitomize the family style share for dinner as the portions were good for at least 4-5 people per plate.  Service was great, quality was great - no complaints and I would highly recommend driving past all those other chain places and food options to have this place for dinner - so worth it.
5	I love this place. I tried it because of the reviews. The food is great and you get a lot for your money. I've done both dine in and take out, both great. Very friendly. Mongolian beef is my favorite there and the fried won tons. Excellent!
5	I recently moved to AZ from CA.  I came here a few weeks ago because I was looking for some good Chinese food.  It is a posiyive sign when you see the state police department officers eating here.   The service wasbvery quick and the food was very flavorful and a large amount (I took home leftovers from the lunch menu).
5	T&J Asian Cuisine....yuummm...Our favorites are the Honey Chicken and the Kung Pao Chicken. We love the dinner combination.  Combo comes with egg drop soup, which is very good.  So good in fact we talk about going in just for soup.  Never happens.  :-)  Rice, chow Mein, egg roll.  We have never (knock on wood) had anything bad from here.    We usually eat in, but have taken home a couple times as well and it was good.  the service is usually fast, always friendly.  Enjoy!
4	Huge portions. Great service. Delicious food.The orange chicken is definitely some of the best I have ever had. We also tried the Vietnamese Shrimp & Chicken, which was simple but flavorful. Try it out if you're in the area!
5	I love this place, the orange chicken is really good. Portion size compared to cost is incredible.
4	Excellent! We started with the appetizer sampler which was really good. In order to take food home, we had the honey chicken, walnut shrimp, mongolian beef and pork fried rice. We thought the walnut shrimp was fantastic. I liked the honey chicken but my wife felt it left a slight aftertaste. We both really liked the mongolian beef but had a little bit of a kick to it. Overall, we were very impressed. Atmosphere in the service was nice too. Also, large portions.
4	Great meals every time we eat here. It's reliable non-greasy Chinese food. Also of course portions are huge- enough for 2 or 3 meals of left overs making it very affordable. Wife and I have our own dinner combos and we always are very satisfied.
5	Great service, decent prices, large portions, excellent food!   You will crave this place!
