5	A great place for fast Mediterranean food.  Brothers, Anthony and Edward serve up quality food at reasonable prices.  Everything  they serve is great from the hummus to the freshly shaved gyro meat.  Good salads, grilled chicken, hot dogs and fries too.  It has a Chicago Hot Dog dive feel!  That's why I like it even more.But best of all Edward and Anthony welcome you every time you walk in with a big hello and smile.  Anthony is at the counter taking your order and Edward is cooking away in the back.
5	I just moved here from Little Armenia in Hollywood, so I've had Zankou and Falaffel Arrax many times, and wouldn't you know it, my new fave falafel joint is right in my hood...Shish Kebob's & Gyros.  The falafel sandwich is like a middle eastern burrito from Chipotle, It's that big and in a tortilla rather than open pita or wrapped flatbread, plus it's filled with cucumbers, tomato, pickles, lettuce and sauce and slightly grilled to seal it up and make the tortilla warm and crispy, all of which is way more than anything I ever got in Little Armenia.  The gyro is also great and they always seem nice and efficient (also unlike anywhere I frequented in Little Armenia).  I like me some Pita Jungle too but this place is more authentic and not as crowded so I can grab my food and go.  Even customers eating in were talking to eachother about how much they love the place and visit at least once or twice a week...now i'm one of them.
4	Pickles.  That's what I said, pickles.  I've never had chopped dill pickles in my Tabouli salad.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The balance of the salad was the standard bulgar, onion, tomato, parsley and a light dressing.  It was all well balanced and very fresh.  The portion size was just right (a small dinner plate).  It was garnished with thinly sliced tomato and purple olive.  It appeared to have been freshly chopped after I ordered it.  This was a plus.I also had the Falafel wrap.  It came out in a warm, grilled tortilla.  Contents included a pickle spear (yep, again), lettuce, onion, tomato and a sauce that was like a tahini sauce.  It would have been better with a stronger, more tart sauce, but it was still good.  The Falafel was very good too but they could have put in a few more hunks.The place is small (only about 8 tables inside).  You go to the counter, place your order and wait.   I sat and they brought the grub out to me.  I'm guessing most everything is made-to-order.    There is outdoor seating.  Prices are great.Finally, I heard that their Gyro Platter and their Greek Salad are both highly recommended.  I wanted Falafel and I always get Tabouli.  It's worth another try to see if the recommendations are on.
4	I've eaten here almost 1x's a week for 3 years, it's very good!  They have a typical middle eastern menu... gyros, kabob, pita, salads, and of course hot dogs. They also sell bryer's ice cream and do shakes and floats as well.Their plates are a nice size, moderately priced, and most importantly, very tasty.  I usually get a plate with 1/2 chicken kabob, 1/2 gyros with fries, salad, and rice for $10.50 or so.  My coworkers always get the gyros sandwich with fries and a drink for about $8.  The two brothers who own this place are real nice guys and care about their customers.  I highly recommend this place.
5	I have a hard time giving out fives, but given the price, service, and food, it's worth five. great for what you get - a good price and great food from nice people. lunch is a good time to dine in, dinner is a good time to order out. the gyro and chicken gyro combos are great, so is the chicken wrap. everything is delivered to your table by the chef immediately after it leaves the grill - so make sure you try the fries. tell Anthony hi.
3	I am backed up on reviewing, frankly.  So this one is a couple months overdue.  I met fellow Yelper Brian S here for lunch.  I ordered the Gyro plate as I wanted some Greek salad with the meal.  Well the plate deals here are huge.  Two people could probably manage just fine sharing one of the plate meals.  Lots of meat, sauce, fries, salad, dressing.I didn't finish and still I had no room for baklava after.  Sad.The decor is pretty basic.  I would class them as a good lunch spot or cheap dinner joint, not in the "Out for a nice meal" class.
4	Stopped here today for a quick takeout salad. It was really busy, with every table inside and out occupied. However, the staff was friendly and got my order out within a reasonable amount of time for being made to order - about 5 minutes. The food tasted fresh and somewhat above average, although there don't appear to be a lot of healthy offerings here. Most things come with fries, or are drowning in sauce or dressing.The whole vibe of the place is like a Chicago dive, as Michael M. said. It's funny to go in places that serve gyros because they always have those stock "gyro" posters that they must get from the food service guy or something.
4	I love this place...it could be considered a hidden gem...but it is always busy so it must not be hidden that well.  The space was originally a Taste of Chicago, but when the new owners took it over, they turned it into a Middle Eastern restaurant....but they still serve the hot dogs too!They make the best gyros here, they warm pitas are always filled to the brim with the gyro meat, and their tzatki sauce is awesome!  The combo with fries and drink is just right for a quick lunch.  I have also had their falafel, which I really liked, they serve it in a wrap bread instead of a pita and smother it with tahini, lettuce and tomatoes!  I have gotten a few friends hooked on this place as well, and my friend Paul always has a hard time deciding between the gyro and a hot dog because surprisingly, they do both really well!
5	Anonymous little place, unremarkably decorated, and the seating is uncomfortable if you're over 6 feet tall.  However, I would walk naked through Juarez in July to eat one of their falafel sangwiches - it's really good.  The gyros are good, too, and the dogs are okay, but the falafel wrap they make is unreal.
2	I'm sure the folks here mean well, but the place is dirty and the food overpriced. I had the gyro combo, who cost more than a dollar more if you get it after 3 pm.when I asked about that, the owner said the only difference invent meal is when you order it. Then why increase the price, man?!
3	This is a little restaurant not far from my house.  It is located in a strip mall and you have to look for it - I just happened to first notice it as I was becoming familiar with the area.  Since I am from Spokane, our ethnic restaurants are very limited,, and I was not very familiar with middle eastern food.  But I knew I generally liked it, so I stopped in for an early lunch.  And it was well worth the stop. It is very small, probably more designed for take out, but they do have several tables on the inside and outside.  I sat at a table on the outside, and it was very pleasant - I read the newspaper, had lunch and generally enjoyed myself.  As I do almost everywhere I eat, I watched what other diners were having, just to see what the menu items were.  Since it was lunch, everyone seemed somewhat hurried, but definitely enjoying their meals.  I had gyro and it was delicious.  On later trips, I have had the different gyros, and some of their chicken dishes. The people are friendly, and at times the place gets really busy.It is a great place to stop for a quick lunch.  The only down side is that they are a pricey for the size of the meal.  But because I like middle eastern food, I am willing to spend a little more, just to have the convenience of being able to have a restaurant like this in the area.
5	This is definitely a regular lunch spot for me. The food is very good, very fresh and very healthy. Some people have written that it is expensive I guess compared to the 99 cent menu at the Burger King in the same center they might be right BUT 5 bucks for a big tasty gyro is not in my book even almost too expensive. The chicken wrap is one of my favorites and at under 6 bucks a great value
4	Mom & Pop establishment with some darn tasty gyros and some of the best fries I've had at any restaurant. They have an eclectic menu with some standard American fare, but the gyros are top notch. It's nearly unnoticeable from the street and I'm kicking myself for not finding it sooner as I live just up Hayden. Mediterranean food at its finest, like a schwarma slingin' food truck parked in a strip mall and never found it necessary to move. Easy on the stomach and the wallet, the #16 gyro combo is the way to go. Heard nothing but raves about the salad from the table of red hat ladies next to us, and I fell in love with the tahini after first bite. The obligatory Sriracha sauce adorned the table and mixed in with the ketchup for the fries made for a pleasant and fiery surprise. I highly suggest giving this place a try the next time you're in the area instead of wasting your money and time at the nearby BK Lounge. Family owned, by friendly people dedicated to bringing the best Mediterranean fare I've had in the Valley, give your tastebuds a treat today.
4	After months of battling Israeli street food cravings and refusing to eat Middle Eastern food in the US, I finally gave in. This place was recommended to me by Israelis, so I figured an Israeli recommendation was the next best thing to eating actual Israeli food again. I was correct.The people are super friendly, and they don't give a shiz that the place is a total dive because the food will speak for itself (until you inhale it). It's all made right in front of you, the ingredients are authentic, it's cheap, and everything is slightly too delicious to be considered healthy. I was immediately transported back to the streets of Jerusalem, and all was well in the land of my stomach.I'd recommend ordering a falafel wrap or a gyro, depending upon your carnivorous inclinations. Both will rock your world. If you're vegan, the falafel has some kind of ranch-tahini thing going on, so just ask them to leave off the ranch bit and you're good to go. Then, ravage your tin foil-wrapped treasure with the passion of a thousand suns.
4	Good food. Had the chicken kabobs. Comes w/ rice (or fries) and salad. Quite a bit of food. Could almost share between 2 people. A little pricey for the kabob plates ($11-13) but considering the quantity and quality I was okay with the value. Will definitely return. Pleasant mom and pop working the place when I was there.
1	The Lady or co owner was very rude and said to me "You Americans are rude and spoiled', I only requested the correct sauce advertised with my dish, she gave me something else and didn't bother to tell me they were out of the proper sauce.  We Americans are what keeps them in business. Myself and many others are have decided to avoid this place!
5	Oh Oh Oh how I love this place. I highly recommend the gyro salad, the hummus, the chicken kabob plate, fries, well...everything I've tried has been wondreful, and I love the couple that runs it. They are the best, never TOO busy at lunch time and we've always been able to get a table. It's more than earned it's permanent place in our lunch rotation.
5	Hey Everybody! I'm Jewish now. This place just converted me. The most precious and delicate falafel I've ever indulged my mouth with came from this humble, unpretentious little gem of a place. Unbelievable. I've eaten falafel in every city, but this was the show-stopper. Hallelujah. Oh, gotta go, late for synagogue! (where's my yarmulke?)
4	The food is good. The portions are good. The price is good. This place is a good value .
5	This is the best falafel I have had in town. They make it from scratch (not from a mix) and it comes out amazing. I recommend the falafel wrap or the vegetarian plate (you can substitute the dolmades for more falafel for no extra charge).
1	Came for lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  Told our Gyros and Vegetarian plate would take 15 minutes.  An hour later, the food finally came.  Gyros was marginal - the pita was cold and not toasted.  Falafel was mealy.  Salad was soaked in dressing.  just a horrible experience.  The cook was nice and apologized for the slow service.  The counter lady was irritated that we asked about the status of our order.  And $20.00 for this fast food experience!
5	Bought the Groupon for this place.  Being part Greek, I'm pretty picky when it comes to this type of food.  I had the Gyro plate, and I have to say the portion was large, and really good.  This sounds a little weird, but I find a big hunk of spinning meat pretty sexy.  The prices here were also right!  Good find for me because it's only about 10 minutes away from where I work.  Now I can stop by on my way home and pick up take out when its my turn to cook :)
4	Great value!
4	I only ordered the hummus and pita here, so this review is based on that.  The hummus was incredibly fresh and tasty.  I could eat it all day long.  I want to return to try some of their other stuff.  Not much here besides the food though, very regular looking place.
5	I had the vegetarian plate for work lunch and I'm impressed.  Great food, service, price, place.  Will come back soon.
1	There were only four people in the restaurant and we waited over 40 minutes for 2 gyro pitas. Slowest service I have ever encountered.  Unacceptable for a order at the counter type of restaurant.  The food was good but not worth the wait.  The staff did not appologize at all for the slow service or explain the delay. They really need to get their act together or this place will be out of business soon.
4	We went there last night for dinner.  We started with a small hummus with an extra pita.  I just may have been hungry but I swear the pitas were the best I've ever had.  They were like they were freshly baked.  Man, they were great with the hummus.I had the gyros plate and my wife had the chicken.  One thing both had in common were that they were piping hot.  This is something we both love.  My gyros was delicious and my wife's chicken was just good.  Once again, the pita shone on my order.  The fries were great, too.  It was standard Kronos meat but the pita was packed.My wife's chicken was mildly flavored and came with rice, more hummus and a salad.  She thought everything was good but wanted more flavor.The folks inside were nice and everything was cooked to order.  It's an option you should consider.
4	Good Mediterranean food, gyro, hummus, fries all tasty.  Greek salad was nice as well.  ask them to brown the meat a little more mine was cooked but not crispy enough.
3	Super slow service. Waited 30 minutes for 1 gyro. Plan on waiting. Definitely don't go if you only have an hour or less during your lunch break.
3	I had a kabob and gyro sandwich, their namesake, to sample their food for the first time. A little salty but decent on both. It was interesting to find Chicago style hotdog on the menu and could hardly resist the temptation but I was there to try the kabob and gyro. It took a little longer than i expected  but not long enough to over-dramatize it. I guess most places aren't grilling their kabobs and fresh gyro meat  to order.  The pita was soft and delicious and if I am nearby I will definitely stop in for a couple of those Chicago dogs because the place just gave me a feeling that those dogs are gonna be nice and tasty. Good place for a late lunch if you aren't in a rush.
2	since hearing this establishment was under new ownership i wanted to embrace the change, at first i noticed the prices went up which i can understand having a higher operating cost. Now on to the food, we ordered a couple of plates with chicken and kefta, the chicken was very salty, im not sure what is was marinated in to have that salty taste, the kefta was not prepared the way it should be, i didn't taste cumin, onion,cilantro or a hint of chili powder. The salad with both meals, the Italian dressing with both meals had no hint of mint under previous ownership and i strongly believe it was store bought seeing i have kraft Italian with the same consistency of what was served to me. Nice lady owner but shortcuts will be noticed by a middle easterner real fast
5	The gyro is ahhhhmazing, as well as the chicken kabob!! Seriously my favorite Greek restaurant. Family owned & the food is fantastic, their fries are to die for as well! Highly recommend!!!
2	Two visits...would have been a 3 star but on the second---and for the second time, they were just CLOSED with no reason why. (yes the hours on the window said they were to be open)...Food was good but pricey. Service does not match the food.
5	I'm not from the Scottsdale area, but this little gem is one that I am glad to have come across. I love the owner and the food is top notch. Definitely recommend to anyone looking for good, healthy food.
2	Salty!!!!!! Ordered Greek gyros salad and it was so salty couldn't finish it. Came with just a little feta, not dresses and their sauce is just sour cream. Nice service, not good food
4	Gyro salad was big it equals 2 meals for me. Most popular item that everyone I saw getting was the gyro pita meal.And the gyro meat melts in your mouth
5	Food is amazing, tasty and fresh! Prices are ok, but the food makes me come back again every day for lunch. Never got charged for extra refill, nor for extra anything else.  This is not a regular american fast food joint or restaurant, u have to wait a little bit to get your order but its totally worth it!
4	Absolutely love this place.Gyros and other Mediterranean food is not a common plate in Scottsdale.  Not many restaurants accept the challenge to serve this kind of food and other chain brands that offer greek food have closed down.  I'm so glad people are fond of this place.They have a variety of different food.  You can go for a hot dog or possibly a burger, or go with something different with a greek salad.  Prices are reasonable based on location but the food was excellent.  Come in for a try!
4	This is an excellent place for lunch, I only warn that this place does take a little longer to get your food, but worth it. You're going to be upset if you have a 30 minute lunch break, you're going to be late getting back, unless to go. Chicken was tasty, veggies fresh, wrap was crisped perfectly and wasn't a gigantic carb filler. Delicious food.
2	I (and my family of 6) really wanted to like the food since we own an independent family restaurant in the Silicon Valley, ca! But unfortunately most of us did not like it. Ordered the following:1. Four falafel wraps (two with pita and fries).  The falafel balls were overbooked, too big and not cut up to be able to eat properly, the pita was too chewy. The sauces were good but there was no real spicy sauce, only siracha 2. The salad (instead of chicken falafel was substituted) and it was not bad per my father but again the falafel balls were overcooked. He did not find anything special and family owned about the place.3. Sister had the gyro plate and enjoyed it thoroughly, the meat to her was perfect4. Brother had the chicken gyro and unfortunately the sandwih had only a few pieces of chicken and thought it lacked taste Overall, being family we really  wanted a family touch!
4	The food was excellent, I am new to the area and it's nice to have this kind of cuisine nearby.
