5	Like the other Fresh locations I have been to, the store is bright, welcoming and "fresh", just like its name.  Gilbert, the area manager, was extremely friendly and helpful and offered to give me a mini facial and full makeover!!  He very patiently answered all of my questions, had me try out the scrubs, the lotions....I walked out with a jar of the rose face mask ($55) that is supposed to hydrate the skin and help shrink pores.  I initially went in to find out more about the apple seed brightening exfoliant ($60), which he gave me a sample of.  I also received a sample of the repair and restore face balm for normal to oily skin (I think I need the "extra rich" formula.  It also comes in a normal to combination skin formula as well)  and the anise wrinkle eraser.  EXCELLENT customer service, beautiful store.
5	My friends took me in here because one of them loves the Sugar lip balm, which goes on really well.  Our sales person was very knowledgeable about all the products.  I ended up buying the Supernova mascara, which is amazing because it not only made my lashes look longer but fuller too.
4	I love Fresh!!!The store is cozy but very inviting with plenty of different fragrances to choose from. My absolute favorite scent is Citron de Vigne...it's very light & citrusy and champagne inspired fragrance. It's a perfect fragrance for summertime because it's not too heavy. The last time I popped in here I was planning on getting another Eau de Parfum, but ended up getting the new fragrance Brown Sugar. It also has a citrus notes w/ a hint of sweetness to it. The sales associate was really helpful too and mentioned that the Brown Sugar scent could be combined w/ Citron de Vigne. I love Fresh fragrances b/c they are very clean & light and also a perfect size to pack if you're traveling.If I was ballin I would probably buy everything in the store b/c I love all the Fresh products! (Especially the candles & diffusers!)
5	Great product line. Great little shop with just about every Fresh product. Great sales associates.  I'm just so sad that I had an allergic reaction to the Sugar lip balm. Damn!
5	Stopped in today for my usual replenishment of Sugar.  As it was Black Friday they had champagne chilled and a few desserts out for customers (nice touch).  Both girls working were very welcoming, which is the norm at the Palazzo. This location also has a rewards program, forgive me I cannot keep them all straight... but if you spend $100 you get a stamp and I believe after 5 you either get a gift or a % off.  If you are a frequent Fresh shopper then you know that is easily obtainable.
4	really good service, i like it
5	I've always walked by their store in SF and perused their products at Sephora.  Their scents are delightful!  I wandered into this little boutique in Vegas.  It's bright, airy and quite lovely!  They have all sorts of neat products from candles, scents, lip glosses, and anti-aging treatments and serums just to name a few.  They make some wonderful products!  That's not without saying these products will cost you though.  However, I think the quality is outstanding!  I also loved the service at this particular shop.  I had a really nice girl helping me out and recommending products.  Upon her ringing me up she also asked for my email (pretty standard these days).  What blew me away is that yesterday I got a THANK YOU email for my purchase from Cher (I am guessing she was the one who helped me!).  She sincerely hoped that I loved the two products I bought and also informed me that I could call the boutique to order more and that they provided free shipping for products totalling above $100.  I was overwhelmed with this fantastic service and the thank you email was so different than what other stores do, which is just send you repetitive promotions.  I do LOVE the two products I got!  Their lip glosses are phenomenal.  I have the sugar rose one.  And the Citron de Vigne is one amazing fresh scent that both myself and my bf loves!  Can't beat that.
5	there is a pretty petite girl that works here and she is AWESOME. super friendly, super helpful, super non pushy, super nice and upbeat and basically the best asset to fresh EVER. i promise- i'm not her sister or friend. i live in la, and she in vegas. but the two times i visited this place she was always consistently fabby! she has a short blonde bob and is thin and petite with glasses. YOU ROCK! thank you for making my visit to fresh so memorable and wonderful!
5	My visit here would be one of my top shopping experiences so far. Chaz was super helpful when answering my questions about the brand and making suggestions for what I wanted. I never felt pressured but walked out with a new nightly regimen that I'm excited about.  Everyone who worked there was personable and attentive while multi-tasking without being stuffy. I walked out with a couple of samples so I will probably be calling when I run out of things. I'm hoping that this will be my brand forever!
