5	The primary reason I decided to review the Bashas by my house is the pharmacy staff. While I always run in this location for stuff, I have never used the pharmacy until I just got new insurance and this was the only place in 20 miles I could go. I usually hate pharmacies. They are usually busy, have poor service, and take forever to get stuff done. This is not the case here. They were super friendly. Got my transfers done the same day! This is practically unheard of at other local pharmacies. They were amazing. The bakery is always great here, they actually have awesome donuts (If you go after 8 pm they box them up at half price). They usually have enough registers open that the wait is reasonable. Produce is fresh, shelves well stocked, etc. Glad to have such an awesome grocery store close to home!
4	Nice clean store, friendly employees. And, compared to Phoenix area stores, less crowded! Yay!
4	I work right next door, so this store is very convenient. Always clean, well stocked and employees are nice. The only downfall is the deli area is extremely slow. I have waited upwards of 20 mins for a sandwich to be made before , and it was extremely frustrating. Sometimes I would stand there for 10-15 mins before someone would even aknowledge me. I understand during the season, we are all busy but I feel like if they cannot effectively help customers, they need to have more staff on hand. Other than that everything else is great! Love my favorite Veggie sandwich (which is why I literally will wait for it haha) and love the chicken salad.
5	I cannot love this Bashas enough! I went here to purchase my wedding bouquet, a fruit plater, champagne, OJ, and water. Everyone was fabulous about storing things ahead of time for me and giving recommendations! The bouquet turned out perfect! I wanted something really alternative and Joan made the most perfect bouquet out of artichokes, radishes, baby carrots, and greens! They even gave me a discount (I came in wearing my wedding dress). Everyone was great and we had a blast. Bashas in general is awesome as it is local and the owner who recently passed away was know for donating money to the public schools and personally making sure everyone had winter coats. Too sweet!
2	I know that others have reviewed Bashas favorably.  We have been faithful customers for over ten years and have been satisfied until recently!The problem is  bad smelly meat. Over the last year and a half we have received bad meat at least six times.  Pork and chicken, alike.  Once we received very turned shrimp(smelled  very awful). I have taken the stuff back a couple of times and gotten my money back with no problem.  The last couple of times, I haven't as I do not want to be a pest.A couple of times I confronted the meat manager(a rather heavy fellow with a mustache).  He said, "I do the best that I can"!  He had very little empathy and concern.  Quite frankly, he didn't seem to give a care.  I think he is fat and very lazy!The spoiled meat is really terrible stinking my hands and the entire house.I will not buy Bashas own meat again!  I will buy pre-packaged products direct from another supplier that adheres to strict expiration dates.  Obviously, Bashas own packaged meat cannot be trusted.  I am very glad that the old store manager, Bobby, is gone.  I asked him a number of times if he could get different products.  Each and every time he said he would.  Nothing was done.  That guy was a real piece of work.I find the rest of the staff and Bashas very friendly and helpful.  Too bad the management can't perform well.If this situation continues, I will be forced to buy food at another store!Steve Bouchier
4	Even if you have been to a Bashas'markets Inc before, you must go to this one! You could spend hours here, eat dinner, have a drink, and shop. Obviously the groceries can be pricier, but that's expected if you go in the first place. Expect to spend an additional 10-15% but probably worth it.
