5	Casual dining at it's best. Great view, food, and service.
3	Great place to enjoy a lovely view. We went for lunch on a Sunday. The day was perfect and the views remind me of why people come to the valley. The three of us were satisfied with our meals. I think my prime rib french dip won over the chicken pot pie or kobe burger, although all were good. It seemed quite casual and the service was also. It lent to the layed back tranquility. I wouldnt go there in a rush.Thought the happy hour looked enticing although it is too far afield to drink and then have to get home. We shall return!!!Came back a second time and was disappointed in our meals that took forever to get after ordering. It was good, not great. Loved the Bloody Mary Bar.
4	We have been to Rusty Putter many times, and enjoy it immensely. About 6 weeks ago, the service was very slow, as they were swamped with people.They gave us complimentary Nachos, and were very apologetic, but anyone could see they were doing their best and trying hardI would recommend to anyone
4	Great menu. Delicious food. Some of the best sunsets in the world out on the patio.
5	One of the best kept secrets in Mesa. When it was The Rusty Putter I tried it a few times and thought it was average at best. Two months ago I tried it after a friend's recommendation and loved it.  They have Happy Hour 7 days a week from 3-7 and all day Monday during the summer. The new Chef revamped the entire menu. My kids and I always enjoy the Flatbread, Fish Taco's, Lettuce Wraps and Kale salad.  They are all $5 at happy hour.
2	Great Happy Hour but very crowded. Dinner is overpriced and the service leaves a lot to be desired. Had the Scallops ($26) and got 3 of them with 3 pieces of asparagus. Not worth the price. server for got to order one of our four entrees. We told them to forget it, we didn't want to wait. Go for the happy hour menu, but don't stay for dinner.
1	Over the last two years the food quality is consistently going downhill. Their happy hour selection is filled with fried carbohydrates and the wine selection is cheap. During the cooler months when you want to sit on the patio and enjoy the views it's difficult to get a seat and happy hour is not recognized. Could be a great place they need to bring their quality up
3	Go here often for "Family Dinners."  Our server is usually Ashley - she is very attentive, polite, and offers good suggestions.  I have tried several different items here including the Seared Ahi, Burger, Wings, and the Fish -n- Chips (which is probably one of my favorites to order).The Happy Hour specials are very good - $5 specialty drinks as well as many apps to choose from for $5.The ambiance is casual/nice, the servers have always been good, and the food tasty as well.  There is usually not a wait to be seated - except perhaps on Fri/Sat nights there may be a 5-10 min wait.There is a bar (with about 7 chairs), about 5 bar-style table-tops, and about 8-10 tables that seat 4-8.  There are about a dozen or so large TVs and usually split with sports and news coverage.
5	Came here for lunch with the family. The waitress was great, very interactive with the whole family and also accommodating with special orders for the kids. The food came out in a timely manner and was great! Would definitely recommend this ace to anyone.
2	I give 2 stars cause i keep going back even though I'm usually disappointed.  The patio has such a great view and service is usually great.  The food and mixed drinks are hit or miss everytime.  The coffee is terrible.  Gas stations serve better coffee. The cups are small so the coffee gets cold quick and you are always asking for refill.  I would gladly pay 50cents more for a quality coffee in a decent size cup.  Its as though management has never been to a good restaurant to compare.  Breakfast menu is terrible.  Everything seems like it came out of a microwave.   It's called The Grille but there isnt one brown or crispy mark on the breakfast burritos.  The breakfast seems more like buffet food.  Why not reduce the breakfast menu and try to make a few things right?Happy hour is what this place does right.  Prices are good.  Food is good if you are after finger food or bar food.  I feel like every-time i go there they have removed something off the menu that was good. I dont know who in management is making these decisions, but please get a second opinion. Finally, can you do a better job at cleaning tables? I feel every time i sit down i have to ask the server to wipe down the table cause there are obvious grease stains and even pieces of food.
4	Went to dinner Saturday night to check out the new menu and chef. We were not disappointed! I ordered the shrimp and hubby ordered the steak. Both were delicious, good thing we like to share! We ordered dessert, one bread pudding, which is usually good here, but this time not so good. It was dry. We figured it was an off night. We also ordered the chocolate cake with sorbet which was a winner. Overall, we were satisfied, the service was attentive as it always is, and the food has improved. Just look at the pics!
