5	The ladies of Lillian Lottie Couture are top notch! Not only did Meghan and Jenny become friends of mine but they do everything with grace and elegance. They are talented and intelligent business women who have a natural flair for style. Their bridal salon is absolutely beautiful and their gowns are "to die for". My first experience with them a sucess (I was ordering a bridesmaid dress for my sister's wedding in NY) I plan to one day return to Meghan and Jenny to purchase a wedding gown, in fact I wouldn't go anywhere else. I love Lilian Lottie Couture!!!!!!!!!
2	Oh my gosh, this place was terrible.I went to look at bridal gowns, and had an appointment at 3, and had to wait till 4 to be seen! Then, the girl was so busy helping the OTHER customer, who just walked in the door, that I would be waiting in the fitting room for ages, for her to pin me in the dress. She wasnt helpful, she didnt make me feel comfortable, she didnt take any time to talk with my family, and she was just sort of tacky, in the dresses she would pick out.Their dress selection is not bad. They have a lot of beaded dresses. I didnt find anything that I really liked. Two of the dresses were pretty, the rest were just sort of average. Most were between $800 - $2000Not really worth going to. Go to Destiny's Bride or Mariee. They have much better gowns and much more experienced, sophisticated staff.
5	The girls at Liliian Lottie are fantastic! My first experience with them was on my first day of dress shopping back in January. I had actually walked into the store on a day that they were closed and Meghan was there. Instead of asking us to come back, she said she would be glad to help! When I gave her my price range, she started adding dresses to the fitting room. I liked all of the dresses she picked out! I ended up going with the Casablanca 1959. Throughout the past few months I have worked with both Meghan and Jenny and there were so great! I worked with Jenny to make a hairpiece and earrings for me. They looked amazing! My wedding was on 9/5/10 and I got so many compliments on the dress! I know I made the right choice the day I walked into their store! Everytime I walked in I was received with a friendly greeting and they were always ready for me.
3	The boutique is very cute and comfortable.  They seemed to have a great small collection of wedding gowns.  Very tasteful.  I think it would be a good experience for a bride and her friends/family.  For the boutique and selection alone I would give 5 stars.The reason why I am giving 3 stars- I came in to look for bridesmaid gowns and it just seemed like the moment I told them I had already purchased my gown they were uninterested in my business.  I also hadn't made an appointment, didn't really think it would be necessary since I wasn't trying on bridesmaid gowns and just wanted to browse.  At one point I had ventured away to look at jewelry and I heard a girl in the back say- are we alone yet?  Just made me a bit uncomfortable, like they didn't care for me to be there.  Just seemed a bit snobby (not really the girl in the front but the ones in the back).Not sure, maybe I'm just being sensitive but that was my impression and I'm a really laid back person.  I would recommend the salon to a bride, it's worth another shot.  I think the experience would have been different if I had been planning to buy a gown from there.
5	I didn't visit the bridal boutique for a wedding dress, I went in to check out the selection of jewerly for a formal event. Everything is hand made and they actually designed a piece just for me. Everyone was very friendly and I received amazing customer service, which was surprising since I wasn't a bride.
5	We took my sister here last September to peruse the dresses and compared to David's Bridal and other shops, this place had the best service, selection and prices by far. They were absolutely accomodating and made my sister's experience really great. She was also able to find the PERFECT wedding gown, and for $750! (We were told by Jenny, co-owner, that they try to stock dresses that all fall below $1500 to accomodate people's budgets in this economy, which we thought was fantastic). My sister ordered a dress from casablanca, and it is being made in a petite size to her specifications. Also, because she is from CA, they didn't charge her for shipping or taxes. Jenny helped my sister try on about 15-20 dresses that day, and actually gave an honest opinion even if the less expensive gown looked better. She even came in on her day off to help us place the order, since my sister wanted to mull it over overnight. We are picking up her gown this weekend, so she is very much excited to put it on again =)The also offer a discount if we order our bridesmaids dresses through here, so since the rest of the party is back in CA, we are looking for similar designers, and might take up the offer!
5	Fantastic experience!  Make an appointment today!Before I even made an appointment to come in, Meghan at Lillian Lottie had already blown me away with her customer service.  Sunday I had a pretty bad dress-shopping day (at other stores).  I was stressed out and decided I wanted to try on a specific, tea-length Casablanca dress, so I emailed the store to see if they had that exact dress in the store so that I could try it on.  The very next day the store was open (Tuesday), I received an email from Meghan that let me know they did not have the dress, they would contact the company to try and get a loaner dress for me to try on (at no charge to me), and also suggested I take a look at a similar dress.  I responded with a simple "thank you, I look forward to hearing from you" email.  Within 10 minutes of my reply, I get another email.  "They are sending us the dress; we should have it by Friday."  Would you like to make an appointment for Saturday?"  ARE YOU KIDDING ME!?  I haven't even made an appointment yet and they are having a dress sent just for me!?I arrived for my Saturday appointment and was again instantly impressed.   No rows and rows of dresses stuffed in big plastic bags here!  The store is classy and clean and I was offered a glass of champagne within minutes of walking in the door.  We talked a bit about the wedding style and the type of dress I was looking for, went through the wall of dresses and got right to trying things on.  I never had to wait, she was right there on the other side of the curtain ready to zip or tie me up as soon as I was ready.  Turning down the air when it was getting hot and offering her honest opinion when I needed it, not pushy at all!I tried on several amazing dresses and had a fantastic wedding dress shopping experience.  I ended up not liking the Casablanca dress, to which Meghan responded "Thank goodness, I do not like this one at all!"  While some people might have been offended, I love the honesty paired with the tact to wait until she heard my opinion first!  Even though I didn't by that dress, I am so grateful that Meghan and Lillian Lottie gave me the opportunity to try it on so that I could stop wondering if/how much I would love that dress.
2	This place is okay, but ultimately wasn't worth my time to visit.  Good customer service, but I personally found the selection to be very limited, and the prices to be high.  (For example, the dress I ended up buying from another store, they didn't have in stock, but I could have purchased from them for $200 more than the other store - they would have price matched though.)  Granted, they carry higher end designers, but it's nice to be able to see things in a variety of price points, not just $1K+.  I ended up not finding any dress worth considering in their store.Another thing I noticed about them was that their sample dresses weren't in very good shape.  They were dirty and damaged.  Might not matter to some people, but when I was shopping I happened to fit into all the samples, so I was thinking about buying a sample dress to save some money.  But I wouldn't do that here because of the condition of the dresses.  Other stores keep their sample dresses in much better condition.Bottom line for me - nothing really wrong with this place, but nothing positive enough to recommend it to anyone else.
3	I went here with my friend who was getting married and had a great experience with her! She works in the wedding industry and Megan- the owner I think-took such great care of her so it was a tough place to forget.  I am now a bridesmaid in my cousin's wedding which is in california and found out they had the dress she wanted us to wear for her wedding, so I decided to go and support this cute little business since I had seen what great customer service they offered and the pricing seemed to be the same as what the gals in California were paying even with the bridal party discount.  I went with my mom for the initial dress shopping and we had an ok experience, nothing mind blowing but both my mom and I figured that maybe they were just having an off day.  I just left my fitting today and again just left underwhelmed.   When scheduling the appt I got a little attitude over the phone about trying to get in with my busy schedule and having to get in with their seamstress; but again just burshed it off as them maybe having calls coming in and customers around so they just needed to get my appointment set and off the phone to help others.  Today I showed up at 10:56 for my 11am appt and the gal gave me "the look" as I walked in the door and I immediately spat out that I had an 11am appt hoping she'd be more welcoming, she said they didn't open until 11 and it would be just a minute.  I kept out of the way and took a seat in the parlor area and just waited patiently, a couple minutes later she set me up with a dressing room and I got all set up with the seamstress who was there for another fitting but since the seamstress I was supposed to be with wasn't there she took the appointment. When I walked out in the dress no one said anything, not one word about how it looked or fit, they just asked if I wanted to get it hemmed. I'll never where the dress again most likely, but a compliment might have done a little something for my self esteem.When I originally ordered the dress my mom paid the first portion with an Amex and today I went to do the same thing with their card-being in several weddings this year it is getting quite expensive so mom and dad said they'd foot the bill for the dress :) - but now they no longer take Amex and they can't start alterations until I have a different method of payment.  I get that I do they own the dress until it's paid for in full but it would have been nice to know that prior to showing up.  When they called to schedule the appt they had my information in front of them I'm sure and it's the same sheet they had out today I'm guessing which clearly showed that my first payment was with an Amex, plus it still says on their website that hey accept all major credit cards. :/ I know I'm not a bride but I am a customer and this is a unique business you all are in and I had seen such amazing service with my friend last year and I didn't think it would differ much when I went in for my bridesmaid dress.  I think the thing that frustrates me is they aren't thinking beyond what's in front of them, as consumers we have so many options so its not very business savvy to make these kind of interations go south.  Every girl that walks in that store has potential to be a bride or know a bride in the near future, why not capture new clients simply by making any of their interactions anything but lovely.  I know I will be getting married in the nearby future-hint hint bf get the ring out ;) and all of us ladies plan and think about what we want to wear and maybe where we will get to go dress shopping to find the perfect dress, but it bums me out that simple and fixable interactions has made me give them just an okay review.  They have great pricing, cool location, fun accessories and have been in the knot the past couple of years so let's hope they take this review as a gift and work on making each of their customer's experiences a memorable one...hope to be on here again with something more exciting to share!
5	Love this shop!!  The negative reviews on here are silly.  I have been all over town looking at wedding dresses, Lillian and Lottie may not have a ton of dresses, but they have dresses in pretty much every style.  The customer service was great and made us all feel very comfortable.  They were very helpful, but not pushy.  Every dress I tried on was in great shape and very clean.  As an added bonus they offer you champagne or mimosas :)I believe that when dress shopping you need to be happy with the dress selection and feel great through the process.  Lillian and Lottie offers both!!
5	How can you not have a good time shopping for your wedding dress?  The ladies here are so nice!  The dresses are all gorgeous!  I found the perfect dress.
3	I do not like bridal shops, I do not like brides, I do not like weddings, I do not like any of the other things that come along with them, other than the open bar. That said, Lillian Lottie wasn't as bad as many of the other bridal shops I've had to go to. They are incredibly busy all of the time, so if you have an appointment, do yourself a favor and show up 20 min late, or hang out on their couch for 20 min, your choice.Their staff was all very bubbly and helpful (note: I am not a huge fan of bubbly) which I imagine most people find very pleasing. The best part of Lillian Lottie without question was their tailors. These women were geniuses. I would recommend this store strictly based on getting to use their tailors, they work magic.So, if you must get married, I'd say this is a fine option, just please, for the love of God, don't ask me to be in it.
5	Lillian Lottie was the 3rd bridal boutique I stopped in to try on dresses and found THE DRESS here. The moment I stepped in, my sister and I were greeted and offered champagne or water. Very nice! Meghan talked to me to get a sense of what I was looking to eventually purchase. She chose a few and I picked a couple. As soon as I put on my dress; I knew it was the one after I started tearing up along with my sister. Meghan was so awesome through the entire process and was great at communication. I even bought my wedding shoes here, which were perfect! Go see Meghan, because she is fantastic!
5	I keep meaning to write a review on these amazing girls...and keep forgetting, so here we go.  I went to Lillian Lottie after a recomendation from a friend, and I am so happy I did.  I was a little nervous about my $1500.00 budget (including alterations) on several levels.  1. Because this is right in the heart of Scottsdale and I am sure they deal with a clientel that has a much larger pocket than mine to spend on a gown and 2. That they woudn't give me the same service as somebody spending 5 time my budget.  I was wrong and wrong.  Not only did they work with my budget, but they didn't even flinch when I told them my price point.  I was running late by about 20 minutes for my appointment...as usual on a Saturday afternoon during bridal season, and those girls did not miss a beat.  They swooped up dress after dress and helped me find 'THE ONE'.  I actually ended up loving 2 different dresses, and Jenny who was a doll and amazing told me she had the PERFECT dress, or as she put it, if dress 1 and dress 2 got together and had a baby, it would be this one and boy was she right.  As soon as I walked out everybody and their mom popped out their phones and started snapping pics.  I knew it was the one, and I couldn't have done it without the team at Lillian Lottie.  They really know their stuff, and that probably saved me from trying on a million-and-one dresses.
1	Poorly dressed sales ladies in a sea of amazing gowns...just doesn't work.The dresses are amazing and you can work with a designer to tweak the dress to exactly what you want but why would you listen to someone talk about a dress that costs as much as your mortgage that can't be bothered to wear a bra or a girl that wears jeans and flip flopsEdited since Meghan L's response to my review:These girls represent Lillian Lottie Brand.  I can't imagine that that's the image you want to put out there.  The service does not make up for the way these girls were dressed, its about the whole package.I completely understand working on your feet for 12 hours and flip flops would be the worst shoe for support.  How about a simple pair of flats, every store has sales, and if you don't pay your employees enough to purchase proper shoes or bras then there's a bigger issue that needs to be dealt with here.  If your sales girls need assistance with getting themselves dressed properly for a high end boutique I am happy to come in and assist them, would even be willing to give them clothes our of my own closet if they cannot afford new things.Meghan has updated her comment to me three times in one day, the first comment she called me shallow.  Beware.
3	I wasn't one of those girls who had always pictured what my wedding would look like, so starting the wedding planning was a bit daunting.  However, the ladies at Lillian Lottie Couture made it easier.  I picked a dress that looked like one I found at Destiny's Bridal for a fraction of the cost.  They had a nice selection of veils and dresses to choose from and were very friendly.  Downside...didn't love the bridesmaid dress selection and wasn't 100% satisfied with the lady they assisgned me to for alterations.  I asked for pearls to be added and my mother, bridesmaid and I described it in great deal; however, when it came time to pick up the pearl additions were barely there or noticeable and not where we asked them to be.
5	Lillian & Lottie Couture is your go to Bridal everything.  These gals are not only good at what they do and have the latest styles and products but they are super cool!  Always going out of their way to give 110%, they are also kind and generous.  Last year they helped me raise toys for Arizona's children in Foster Care at Christmas time by offering 20% discounts to their clients on Bridal Accessories.Love you guys
5	I went to Lillian Lottie on Saturday with my mother who flew in from Nebraska. It was actually the moment when I thought I would never find a dress, I found Lillian Lottie. I know people write reviews about what the store was like and whether they liked it or not. But I want to THANK Lillian Lottie for making my day. Not only did I find an amazing Allure dress, I felt beautiful in it. The staff was amazing. I had two girls who were actually sisters helping me. It was funny because my two sisters were not able to come, so they stepped right in. They didn't pressure me to buy anything and they were not on commission, they were there to help me and to make sure that I was satisfied. How can you say that they were not dressed well, they are serving on your needs and looked at cute as ever. I loved the feeling that they weren't in a uniform and that I could talk to them like a friend or even family and not a sales associate. They were fun, bright and energetic. They made me feel great about the dress, and I will give them a little smile on my wedding day. I can't rave enough about Lillian's. If you want something fun, if you want to look beautiful and if you want to feel amazing no your wedding day, go there they will help you accomplish just that.
5	Lillian Lottie is amazing and I would recommend them to any bride-to-be!  The boutique is so cute and charming and you are welcomed with huge smiles (and champagne!) every time you walk in.  Their selection of dresses is wonderful and they have dresses in just about every style you could imagine.  The ladies that work there are so friendly and will help you find the perfect dress for you.  I found my dream dress there and could not be happier with the level of service I received at Lillian Lottie!
5	This is such an amazing bridal salon! My best friend went after trying on dresses at a few other boutiques with various price ranges and was worrying about being able to find the perfect dress within her budget. Even though the salon is located in a really great location in Scottsdale, their beautiful dresses are at a reasonable  range of price points. The salon is beautiful without being stuffy and the staff is especially warm and very helpful. They were both nice and also respectful, never pulled dresses out of our budget, never pressured our bride to buy a dress, and was able to really understand what the bride was looking for and she ended up finding her dream dress on her 1st visit there! Even before picking "the one", they were kind enough to encourage us to take pictures while the bride was trying on different dresses and hadn't yet decided which one to get. We were completely surprised because all the other places we went (low and high ended places) were very discouraging and even mandated that we could not take any pictures at all. Best of all, they really made her and the rest of us with her feel special. It was the exact "experience" you dream of having with a bride/bridal party/family when you go to find your wedding dress. From the champagne/water to their warm and genuine smiles, we couldn't be happier to be able to have found her dress there and be able to give business to a company of people who you can tell really love what they're doing and do an amazing job as well. My sister got engaged months later, and we returned to Lillian Lottie without having tried on any dresses at any other store and even though they didn't have the exact dress she was thinking of, they ended up finding one even better and again our experience at the salon was amazing. On both of these occasions, they helped find ways, taking simple optional accessories from different dresses and different designers to be able to create the perfect dress, again all within our "conservative" budget. One was a strap that another "budget" salon (where you wade through racks of off-season gowns or damaged dresses and then wait to get a dressing room that you want to keep your socks on in) told our bride she could order the optional strap for $150300, but at Lillian Lottie it was only $50 for the exact same strap.They also price matched our bridesmaid dresses without any hassles since our bride bought her dress from them. If you want to have a great experience buying the perfect dress at the right price point and support a business ran by genuinely nice and caring people. This is definitely the place to go!
5	I absolutely LOVE Lillian Lottie & all the fabulous girls who work there. If I could give you a million stars, I would, thank you ladies for all your help! You made this experience an absolute delight, I can't wait to bring all my clients in to see you! A few months back, I had a horrible experience over at Uptown Bridal in Chandler. I've never felt more like Julia Roberts(in Pretty Woman) in my life.DO NOT GO THERE. It really upset me to work with such cold bitchy women, especially when shopping for the most important dress of my life. Luckily, our second appointment of the day was with Lillian Lottie & it totally restored my faith in the wedding industry.This special boutique gives you the warm fuzzy feeling you want when shopping for your wedding dress. I have been all over the Valley looking for dresses & this place, hands down takes the cake, not only do they serve champagne upon arrival, they also have the most amazing assortment of dresses! I found my dream dress & I couldn't be more happy about it! Thank you Meghan(& ladies) for all your help-you made my year! *XXOO*
4	I purchased my gown at this shop, and found it to be an over all good experience. As other reviewers point out, the staff could be a little classier, and I'm thrilled to know they are soon moving to a larger location. We were very cramped and the dresses were too squished to sort through.  The particular salesperson helping me was great-- Dana was knowledgable and got a good sense of my style, offering me many gowns I really liked within my price range around $1,000. I showed the girls assisting me some pictures I liked, and they had some of the exact dresses I'd wanted to try on. It was a Saturday and pretty hectic, so I understand some of the chaos. In comparison to other boutiques, it would be nice to have larger fitting rooms and a bit more help into and out of dresses. I imagine most brides are not overly modest about changing, and this would have been more helpful than peaking out for her when I was ready. All of their dresses are size 12-14, so if you wear a smaller size be prepared to be clipped and tucked into the dress, and imagine what it would look like without the gnarly red clips. I would have preferred more sizes to have a better idea of fit, but this is no David's Bridal or chain store. So, my dress!I loved the dress, but it was a bit over my budget, especially when I wanted to add lace straps. The owner offered me a 15% discount and threw in the alteration for free. This saved me about $450 overall, so I was able to get the dress. I really appreciated that gesture. I'll add an update when I pick it up in June.
5	Yesterday was my second time at Lillian Lottie and again we had amazing service! I had no idea what I wanted my first time there and Meghan picked out several dresses until I found a fit that I liked. From there she helped my narrow it down to two dresses. She helped accommodate space for my large group of family and friends there to help me through the experience. And did not mind that my 4 year old daughter wanted to help. She not only made the experiment great for me but everyone else that was with me. Yesterday was out second visit back and I picked out a dress and a veil. We either got 10% off the dress or a free veil. She helped us pick what would be most cost efficient for us and helped us stay close to budget. Meghan was sweet and caring and even gave my mom and I a big hug and congratulations before we left. I'm so glad I chose Lillian Lottie for my wedding dress experience and will continue to use them for anything else I may need.
1	While they were accommodating to me walking in, i hated that they did not let you pick and choose the dresses you want to try on.  While other boutiques have sales associates that are more skilled at picking out dresses that might fit your personality, these associates had no clue and would not listen to what I liked and didn't like.  I had a very nice red head girl as my sales associate.  She tried really hard to help me and find a dress I would like.  But there was another associate with brown hair, who seemed to be a manager of some sort, who kept interrupting our session.  She was super frazzled and had a very fake, high pressure sales personality. I told them I did not like I did not like beading and every dress she picked with beading.  The same goes with satin.  She kept grabbing dresses out of the window or from some sale rack and trying to sell me discontinued gowns with beading all over them.  It drove me crazy!  I had to pretend I liked the gowns because I felt I would get an attitude from her if I said I didn't like them.
2	There are pros and cons about this bridal shop, so I will separate them in that respect.Pros:Large selection of dressesBeautiful accessoriesAccommodating when making appointmentsCons:Multiple sales associates crowded around front desk when you 1st walk inSelf presentation (gum chewing, very relaxed style of dressing)So-so knowledge/ability to communicate details & design of dresses & their designersLack of  interest in the bride they are selling toNow, in their defense, I did come on a rather busy Sunday and they had back to back appointments. But when I walk into a bridal salon, I want to feel like I have my sales associate's undivided attention. I want her to make me feel like a bride, which I don't think is asking too much! I'm sure all of the women who work there are lovely, but their lack of interest in my needs and who I am as a bride really turned me off, not to mention a lower self presentation standard. I think bridal shopping is a hot & cold kind of thing & I came away from this appointment pretty chilly.
5	Meghan was absolutely fabulous! I live in Chicago and am planning my wedding in Arizona for October. I tried on dresses in Chicago but fell in love with my dream dress at Lillian Lottie. I purchased it that day! All of her staff members were a pleasure to work with and gave me all the attention I needed. They had MANY gowns that were affordable and beautiful along with an array of veils and jewelry. We also looked at bridesmaids gowns and plan to order from her as well. I would definitely recommend Lillian Lottie to anyone in the Phoenix area!
5	While I ultimately did not end up purchasing my gown from Lillian Lottie, I must say that I am glad that I went! I will admit that I went a bit dress nuts for my wedding. I purchased a dress only to change my mind and purchase two more. You know that crazy lady on 'Say Yes to the Dress'? Yeah, I put her to shame. Needless to say, I saw a LOT of wedding dresses at a LOT of locations. I'm pretty sure I stepped foot in every boutique in the Valley and I even visited some locations in New York! After visiting all of those stores, I have to tell you - Lillian Lottie, hands down, has the best combination of great service, wonderful selection (at great prices!), and best overall experience. At Lillian Lottie I was taken care of 110% by a knowledgeable and helpful young woman. I was greeted with smiles and the offer of a mimosa - yes, please!! While the shop is a little small, I think it adds to the charm. My guests were comfortably seated and offered beverages while I tried on a slew of gorgeous gowns. Lillian Lottie made me feel like a Bride. In the end I found a dress that is not offered at Lillian Lottie, but I am so glad I went and I would recommend it to any friend looking for the dress of her dreams.
1	ugh.So while the actually dress buying process was OK- their costumer service post-purchase was HORRIBLE. I purchased my dress in September and they assured me it would be in by February 1st "at the latest". Come February, I start calling to check on my dress. EVERY TIME I called ( maybe 5 times) the person on the other end said she would call me back after she checked on the status of my dress- THEY NEVER DID. The dress FINALLY arrived on April 20th- and no they didn't call to notify me- I had to call them.  Now I'm freaking out because I don't have time to get alterations done- Lillian Lottie WILL NOT accommodate rushed alternations.... despite the fact that you have just spent thousands of dollars at their store...Planning a wedding is difficult enough, don't complicate your life by coming here.
5	When it comes to dress shopping, there is nowhere else you need to go.  Meghan and Jenny went above and beyond.  Not only did they help me get the dress I wanted,  they made me feel so comfortable and helped to make sure I felt like a unique and special bride.  After working in the wedding industry, I dreaded trying on dresses, as I seemed to picture ten other brides I had worked with in every dress that I tried at other salons.  Lillian Lottie has such an amazing selection of not only beautiful gowns, but an amazing staff to make the process fun and seamless.  It is obvious Meghan and Jenny have amazing style and know the industry inside and out.  The new store is gorgeous and inviting.  I recommend everyone check out this store.  If you go other places, get them over with first, and don't waste much time.  Everything you will need; dress, accessories, bridesmaids, and a comfortable worry-free process, is HERE! Thank you Thank you Thank you Meghan and Jenny!
1	I've never had such a heartbreaking experience in my life with any store/restaurant/customer service establishment.  I'm not even a yelp kind of person, but I'm writing this review, my first ever, in hopes I save even one person from the stress this store has put on me.I'm my best friend's maid of honor and she chose to purchase her wedding dress and have her bridesmaids buy their dresses through this store.  It just so happens that my brother is also getting married, and using the same bridesmaid dress designer as my friend, so I figured I could kill two birds with one stone and order both dresses through Lillian Lottie.  From the beginning my experience was horrible.  Though there were a few saleswomen who were quite kind and competent over the phone (I do not live in Phoenix, so my transactions were all over the phone), the majority have no idea what they are doing.  Most times I called I would be put on hold til I was eventually hung up on, put through to the wrong person, or told that the salesperson was unavailable and would return my call. (Obviously I understand that a client in store is more important than a phonecall, so returning my call seems totally reasonable. But she never took down my name/number.  ...That info is kind of essential to return a call, isn't it?)Next problem: the ordering of the dresses.  I will spare the long-winded details of this next part, but in a nutshell, my dresses were both tremendously too large.  I understand that bridal sizes are different than street clothes, but considering the fact that my measurements were sent to them from a tailor, and that the designer of the dress had a website that said my measurements should have equalled a 10, I found it quite odd that they were insisting on my purchasing a 14.  Listening to the woman on the phone, I agreed.  Huge mistake.  The dresses showed up at my door and when I tried them on I looked like a lady on the cover of People magazine wearing her clothes after she had lost 100lbs.  I called Lillian Lottie devastated begging for a return and reorder, and they said it was too late, there was nothing they could do, and that they stood by their size chart. The designer couldn't possibly make a new one in time. Turns out every single other bridesmaid had the same issue with their dresses. (Though none as severe as mine, and unfortunately none of them had purchased TWO dresses.) After much stress on the sweet bride (who eventually removed her purchased wedding dress from Lillian Lottie and took it to be tailored at another place... oh, did I mention they originally ordered her the wrong dress? I suppose I will save that for her yelp post...) we managed to get a little bit of money back from Lillian Lottie for the alterations.  They even admitted that they messed up with my sizes specifically.  So I took the two dresses to a local, well-respected tailor and awaited the alterations.  Today I picked up my dresses......They look horrible. The tailor did a beautiful job working with what she could.  She basically had to recreate the two gowns, but there was nothing much she could do... they look like completely different dresses.  I'm so upset with Lillian Lottie because rather than just admitting from the beginning that they may have miscalculated sizing they could have returned the dresses to the designer and get a smaller size.  Instead they were too bent on being "right" and said there wouldn't have been enough time.  (I even contacted a higher up from the actual dress designer, and they were appalled that Lillian Lottie claimed it couldn't be done at the time this first issue with Lillian Lottie occurred.)My best friend's wedding next week.  The dress looks disgusting, but it is what it is.  My brother's wedding is in October, so I'm hoping I can work with the designer and figure something out.  It may seem odd that though this debacle has been going on for several months, that I'm only posting this now.  However picking the dresses up from the tailor today and looking at the dresses hanging next to me right now,  knowing that it is over $500 worth of dresses that I will never wear again is enraging.  They should pay for both of these dresses.  But they won't.  They have my money and I'm out of their hair, so why would they?  So basically I'm writing this post to warn you ladies out there... do not shop at this establishment.Worst part is I'm engaged. I'm having a humongous wedding in Phoenix in May.  I have yet to buy my dress or choose the bridesmaids dresses.  Not only will I be taking my business elsewhere, I will make it a priority to inform any one I can to never shop at this place.To Lillian Lottie:  I expected more. You seemed to have class.  Sadly, I was proven otherwise and unfortunately I'm the only one suffering from it.  Two dresses and over $500 down the drain.  And please don't respond with a snarky comment, Lillian Lottie, why I'm wrong and you're right.  I've noticed you do that, and it's unbecoming.
5	This bridal salon is wonderful, and so are the women who work there. I would recommend Lillian Lottie Couture to anyone.  They all went so far above and beyond to make my first experience trying on dresses so special. They were patient, and knew exactly what to bring out that would look good, fit on my 5'1" frame and work with my budget. I had absolutely NO intentions of buying a dress on my first day, but after spending the evening at Lillian Lottie I found my perfect wedding gown!  They even kept the store open late when my "I'll just look around quickly!" Turned into "oh wow this is amazing I can't believe this!" They told me my mom and I could come back with more family and friends to show them the dress, and if we wanted we could even pretend that we hadn't picked it out and purchased it yet if there was someone that really wanted to be there when we found it. :)Also! I wanted fairly significant changes made to the dress, and they were happy and excited to show me how it could happen and how they could add sleeves and more of a collar, and add functional buttons! Haha... And all of that will be done with the designer! So the beading will be exactly the same :) We will work with their seamstress for the finishing touches. It was also great how they had the shop set up in general. They ask what you are comfortable spending, and then guide you to different rooms (all with incredibly gorgeous gowns) with different price ranges. For example, a room with dresses up to $1,500. I'm incredibly picky, but wanted to start in the room with the most budget friendly prices. There were many beautiful options, delicate lace, awesome beading, and a satin gown with rouching that was in my final two. I decided to look in the next tier room,(my budget did allow, I just wanted to start lower) and WOW. The lace and beading and silk etc were just incredible. This is where I ended up finding my gown :D The price was very reasonable for a hand beaded dress that really seams like a work of art. I even tried on a 9k dress (probably a bad idea! Lol) and thankfully ended up not liking it at all! My dress cost no where near that!!!   I called first thing on the Tuesday morning after I bought my dress on Saturday full of questions - I left a message because they weren't open yet :P and I received a call within a half an hour of them opening! All my questions were patiently answered and I'll be sending in photos of what I'm thinking for the customizations to my dress so I'll know we are all thinking the same thing, even though I'm sure they already get what I was describing. ha! Like I said, very patient people :)  All in all, I'm just so happy with my experience. I can't wait to continue working with them as my dress comes in and is altered to fit.I'm sure I'll use them for brides maids and groomsmen stuff as well. I believe there is a discount for all that stuff when you buy your dress with them. Thanks Lillian Lottie! :) I can't wait till my dress gets here!!! :D
5	I ordered my dress back in January, but I wanted to wait until the wedding was over to review the whole process soup-to-nuts.  My mom flew out specifically to go dress shopping with me, so I crammed 4 appointments into a 24 hour period.  Lillian Lottie was my 3rd appointment.  I thought I had found my dress at appointment #2, but I wasn't ready for the experience to end (isn't that a rule on Say Yes to the Dress or something?).  When we went to Lillian Lottie, they were still in their previous cramped location.  Regardless they had a friendly staff and I quickly picked out several dresses I was interested in trying on.I'm not one to try something on, spend minutes admiring myself in the mirror, and then move onto the next one.  No - the moment I see it won't work for me, off it comes.  So in a relatively short amount of time (well, for trying on giant poofy princess dresses), I had tried on 15 gowns and narrowed it down to 4 - and 2 of them outranked the one I had thought was "mine" at the other store.  The staff (sorry, it's been so long I can't tell you who helped me) was incredibly patient with me and kept bringing dress after dress until I found "the one".  They were great - they seemed like they were just as excited as I was that I found the dress!  And yes, I canceled appointment #4.They told me it would take at least 6 months to get the dress in - it actually took around 5 (hooray!).  I used their seamstress for the alterations, and she was very friendly and knowledgeable - my dress fit like a glove for the wedding, and was exactly the right length (we took what little train there was off).Since that trip, I've referred multiple people to Lillian Lottie; not everyone ended up finding their dress there, but all of them raved about their experience.
5	I really wanted to have an experience close to ones you see on Say Yes to the Dress so I researched many different bridal salons and read many reviews. I decided on Lillian Lottie Couture because they had the best reviews and had many of the designers I loved.The salon was beautiful and the staff very friendly. When we arrived my consultant Elise asked her boss if it was ok for my family and I to  try on dresses in a larger more personal room, which made the experience even more fun. She seemed just as excited as I was to get started.Elise let me grab as many dresses as my heart desired, which was about 15. At the end I was struggling between two dresses. She let me try on both dresses over and over again until I made up my mind. The entire time she was smiling, laughing, and asking me questions about my future hubby. She made me feel so comfortable and really made it an amazing experience. When I finally decided on a dress(that was under my budget I might add) they told me it would take 6 months to come in.Well I just got a call saying it's ready and it's an entire month early. This salon really made my day so amazing and I would recommend it to anyone. If you go there ask for Elise!!
5	My daughter and I visited LL twice during our bridal dress shopping.  Hannah pulled dresses that brought us to the shop, and a few more that she thought my daughter would like. (She did-- even selected Hannah's choice). Between the two visits, we went to many other places in Phoenix and Los Angeles, but at the end of the day, we brought our business back to LL because the service and experience made my daughter feel special.  Bridesmaid dress shopping has begun and after trips to several places in Boston and Tucson, we are excited to be headed back to LL to finalize the bridesmaid dress and start the wedding gown fitting process.  It's the little things that make the experience so great.  Lots of belts and accessories to try and we never felt rushed.  The assistance in getting into/out of the gowns is so appreciated and the champagne/flavored water ups the fun.  The staff is warm and friendly and you leave feeling like you just shopped with your best friends.  Definitely recommend you include a visit to LL when shopping for your wedding.
5	Such a great experience. My budget was under $2k and they have an entire room dedicated to dresses in that price range. I didn't even have to look at anything over my budget which was a huge relief. My consultant selected all my dresses for me to try on based on my "vision." She was great and was not pushy at all. I fell in love with two and am happy to say that I chose the perfect dress. Wonderful selection and overall experience!
4	This was the one-stop-shop for me. I made an appointment to try on dresses and the first (and only) dress i picked off the rack ended up being THE dress for me. The attendants were great--they really listened to what i wanted, liked, and disliked, and then adjusted their suggestions based on that. They were not pushy, and did not try to sell me something that was not flattering, or try to push one particular brand over another. They were sensitive to the fact that every bride has a budget, and asked up front, so that I would not fall in love with a dress I could not afford. Their selection was great--there really was something for every taste and preference. I also used their seamstress for my alterations. Alterations were a bit expensive, (especially since I did not really change the dress, just brought it in a little to fit me more snug). Overall, I was really pleased with the end results! *The reason for removing a star was that while the girls who helped me pick out my dress were beyond amazing and attentive, the girl at the front counter was rather rude, and not very professional when I came for my first fitting in the store. I waited over an hour past my appointment time (for which I showed up early to), and the service that day was not on par with the rest of the service I had received from the store.
5	Nothing but positive positive positive things to say!   No other store in the US will treat you like the staff here!  ;) love them!
5	Amazing!!!  This shop is much larger than I had expected and the selection is fabulous.  I asked for a dress with subtle beading and they had tons.  I asked for a dress with an illusion top and they had even more.  I asked for a dress with feathers and they had that too!The staff here really care about their customers.  I also have to mention that Meghan Lawlor is unbelievably talented.  She listened to my feedback on every dress and knew exactly what to pull next.  Before I knew it, I had a very difficult decision to make because I had fallen in love with a few too many gorgeous dresses.  Everyone took care to avoid leaning me towards their favorite style, and instead put the focus on my own opinion.  This helped me determine which dress was right for ME.  Now I am absolutely confident that I chose the right dress for my special day.  I know that might sound silly, but I had previously bought a dress in Massachusetts, but it just wasn't the one for me and needed to be replaced.  I have a special appreciation for the confidence I have in my decision to buy the gown I found at Lillian Lottie Couture.   When I finally found my gown, I was worried about the price because I thought the dress was too beautiful to be under $5,000.  It is very unique and luxurious looking.  I was pleasantly surprised when I learned that the gown was under $2,000.  I couldn't be happier with the experience I had with Lillian Lottie Couture.  I would absolutely recommend this shop.
4	They had a huge variety of gowns at all price ranges. The sales consultants were friendly and knowledgeable about their products. The store itself was organized and aesthetically pleasing. If you are a Maggie Sottero bride, this is the place for you to be. I, unfortunately, am not one (sad face).
5	I can't recommend this place enough, it was an amazing experience and I found my wedding dress there. My sister, mom and I all came from out of town and this was our first stop. We had the first appointment at 10am and when we got there our consultant Meghan came right out to greet us. She was very bubbly, but not overdoing it. Right away she offered us mimosas and they kept them coming throughout the appointment.    I had no idea what kind of a dress I wanted and before we got started she asked me questions to try and get an idea of what I was looking for. We also talked price point and she didn't even pull any dresses that were out of my price range which was $1000. After the meet and greet she took all three of us around the store and started pulling gowns.    When I started trying them on she waited outside for me to get into the gown and came right in to help me fit it. One of the greatest things was she really knew how to tie the dress back to make it look like it fit me. I tried on about 16 different dresses and never once did she have a look of oh my gosh this girl is taking forever and trying on so many things. I was scheduled for an hour and a half and when we were coming up to that time and I asked about it she told me not to worry and to take all the time I needed. So, that was great and very stress free.  I had narrowed it down to three gowns and tried them all on again to figure out which one I liked best. She took notice to comments that my sister and mom had made the first time I tried on the gowns and also the way I looked when I tried on the gowns. She was so helpful and never once did I feel pressured to buy a dress, exceed my price-point or even to hurry up.   When I finally chose a gown I didn't want to decide because this was the first place even though in my heart I felt like it was. We left and visited 3 more after that which were no comparison.   As I decided that I wanted the Lillian Lottie dress we headed back there at 5:30 because they closed at 6 and right before I was pulling in Meghan called me and I told her we were returning because i wanted to say "yes to the dress!" She shared in my excitement and met us at the door with champagne! She gave me a big hug and congratulated me. She let me try on the dress and take all the pictures we wanted. I didn't want to take it off! By the time we left it was 6:30, past closing time and again I never felt rushed or pushed out.    They were very accommodating and since I was from out of town they told me that they would be able to do all my fittings within a week and then ship it to my mom's house in CA where my wedding is.   Bottom line is that if you are shopping for a dress, this place should definitely be on your list. Even if you don't find what you are looking for it will be a great experience. This is an amazing place I just can't say enough great things about it. Thank you Meghan!
2	I really wanted to like this place but unfortunately did not. The location is odd, as it's almost right next to a circle k. We walked in to a pretty busy boutique. Yes there is a lot of dresses here however you must be willing to dig for them. The dresses are packed into the store making it not only overwhelming but hard to see if you like it. The girl helping us, although very nice, did not know the prices, fabric, or style of the dresses. One dress had an attachment that she kept calling a "thingy". I explained I liked the mermaid look and she told me it wasn't a mermaid it was a trumpet which I later found out was a mermaid. There are not any prices on the dresses so you have no idea of the actual price. Would not recommend this place.
2	The bridal salon was packed, dresses stuffed so tight it was difficult to see selection and dresses were dirty. The staff seemed immature and was not dressed appropriately. I tried a dress I liked but then found it at another salon in a better designer/higher quality for less money.
5	I loved loved loved Lillian Lotti! I made an appointment to just try on with no expectation of buying through them but was pleasantly surprised to find the dress! They told me the dress I was looking at wasn't in stock for me to try on and picked me out similar styles; but when I was there one of the girls ran out with it in her hands because they had just unboxed it and remembered me looking at that one. I ended up going with a different one though. Hanna the girl helping me was so sweet!! And an excellent clamper (she made every dress look amazing on me it was so hard to pick). She was incredibly accommodating and affirmed any decision I made about a dress.
5	This bridal boutique was great!!! Our bridal consultant Jessica  was so sweet and helpful.  Their dress selection was amazing and the prices were reasonable. I highly recommend finding your dream dress here.
5	This is exactly the way any bride's dress shopping experience should be! From start to finish, the ladies at Lillian Lottie were exceptional! My sister in law (SIL) was shopping for a dress, so I flew to AZ to tag along. We had an appointment for when the store opened on a Saturday morning, so it wasn't too packed or crazy when we arrived. We were immediately greeted and offered water, which was great because the AZ heat was terrible!Our consultant Jessica greeted us, and led us to our fitting room and seating area. She showed us around explaining that we were in a room that was filled with dresses all within our price range, so there was no need to worry about picking something above budget. She let my SIL browse the dresses and pick out as many as she wanted to try on. In the midst of picking dresses, my SIL received an emotional phone call, to which Jessica was more than courteous and professional in letting my SIL take. She let us have a few moments, before promising to help make my SIL's morning a much more positive one! How sweet is she!?!?Once we had sufficiently browsed, Jessica helped as my SIL tried on many dresses, giving helpful and knowledgeable advice the whole way though. She let us pull dresses that were just for fun, as well as pulling options that she believed my SIL would love. In the end, my SIL found the dress of her dreams, along with a perfectly matching veil. With Jessica's help, she was able to have an amazing dress shopping experience. I can not say enough how wonderful this shop was. I have been in my fair share of wedding dress shops, but this was by far the most professional and well set up shop I have ever been in! Thank you Jessica for helping make this experience unforgettable!
5	A friend bought her dress at Lillian Lottie a few years ago, and recommended I check it out. This was my fifth (and final) bridal shop and I wish I had come here first! I had an idea of what I wanted after trying on a lot of dresses at other shops - all beautiful dresses but they just weren't perfect for me. Lillian Lottie has a huge selection, and my consultant (Emily?) quickly found a dress that not only met my requirements but also my budget.Despite having a late 5 pm appointment (just one hour before closing), I did not feel pressured or rushed at all. In fact she even suggested I try on the dress one final time (it would've been the fourth time), just to make sure I was completely sure....but I already knew it was "the one". Overall, a fantastic experience. Highly recommended.
3	The salon is beautiful and most of the staff is very friendly and helpful.  I paid a little bit more for my dress here than I could have found elsewhere, but figured it was well worth it for the assurance of quality, knowing they'd handle my dress with extreme care, and what I'd hoped would be exceptional alterations.The alterations is where it went downhill.  They promise you they can alter your dress up or down two sizes, that it will "fit you like a glove."  They make it sound like their alterations specialist are some sort of miracle-working magicians.  And for the price, they probably should be.  Susan was my seamstress and she did an excellent job focusing on my bustle and making sure it was perfectly beautiful.  Which it was.  My bustle was lovely.  Unfortunately she didn't put the same effort and attentiveness into making sure my dress actually fit.  I had to have it taken out, and was surprised to see that there were huge wrinkles in it after.  Susan said she could fix it; talked about adjusting the boning.  I left confident that it would be better when I returned.  By my next appointment, the wrinkles were worse.  My dress came with a sash that I hadn't intended on wearing and didn't want to wear for the ceremony.   At this point I guess it was too late to have it fixed, because Susan's solution was to just cover the massive fold in my dress with this sash.  Walking around the day of my wedding, I realized the dress was way too big, which is what was causing this ridiculous creasing across my mid-section.  For what I paid for my alterations, I would have liked to think she would have caught this and fixed it.  I didn't know any better at the time of my appointment; she was telling me it fit fine.  She did say multiple times that the folds in the dress were worse and that she was sorry, but didn't offer any other solutions.  I am so disappointed that in all of my pictures the top of my dress looks like it is pulling away from my bust, I'm wearing the sash I did not want to wear, and you can still see the big wrinkles.  It was falling down all night and I really regret not fighting to make the dress right, even if it would have cost me last-minute alteration prices.  I do wish that option would have been offered to me.
3	As a bridesmaid to my best friend and future SIL, we came here on two times. The first time, she was looking for her bridal gown. She had already found "the one" somewhere else. However she tried a few more here. The only frustrating thing was they did not give prices, only kept saying it was in or out of price range. Which can be very frustrating. After not finding another dress better than the other, she showed it to the sales lady and they said they would price match. This was awesome for her so she purchased the gown from here. BTW, the sales lady was very nice. She made the experience a good one and the set up (we had a large group therefore had an area to ourselves) was really good. The 2nd time however was horrible! We set an appointment for dresses. We had already decided on Dessy at another location. We had two dress styles but was open to another designer, just needed the right color. When we arrived, the receptionist tried three incorrect guesses at why we were there even though we had made an appointment. We then waited twenty minutes. The selection was small but we were optimistic. Finally our saleslady came out. We explained the situation and aske dto look at color samples from some of their other lines. She just kept saying, "Well we don't have many dresses in this line, so...." We kept trying to question about various colors and dresses, but she clearly wasn't interested in servicing us. She offered no information. Never suggested we try anything. When we told her the two dress styles we wanted, we had to ask her to look them up for pricing. She looked up the first one and offered us a "guess" at price because it wasn't listed. We then had to ask her to look up the second. Both of them were horribly expensive ($50 more than the retail price at the other location.) Finally we gave up and left. Clearly this specific salesperson was NOT interested in make a 6 bridesmaid dress sale. Ugh!!So I would suggest if your a bride this place is good. If your a bridesmaid, skip it!
1	I would not recommend this salon at all. I booked my first appointment, arrived on time and went through the store with the sales person. Emily helped me pick out dresses to try on. Some of them were sample dresses which would have really saved me some money. I tried on about twelve dresses, some yes and some nos. it was like pulling teeth to get dresses that were what I asked for. I wanted simple, no bling, but many of the dresses she brought I looked at and just said no and tried to explain again what I wanted. After that, she started putting the screws to me to put one of the dresses on hold with a $250 deposit. I finally caved and put a deposit on a dress which ended up to be a no, with the understanding that we could move the money to a dress of my choice from the upcoming Allure Bridal trunk show. I was also promised that there would be two specific dresses that they didn't have in stock that day but that I really wanted to try on. Jump cut to my trunk show appointment. None of the dresses I wanted, that I was promised were there. I had my bridesmaid come out from Las Vegas to see the trunk show items that turned out not to be there. When my appointment was confirmed I asked how many styles had come in for the trunk show. They said they had lots. Turns out they brought in about eight styles on a tiny rack in the main room. What a waste. I was so angry. After some negotiation I was refunded my deposit. I'm so disappointed in my experience and in the customer service in general. Also, in the selection and their listening to what I wanted defiantly require some improvement.
