4	It's a great time! Booked a reservation on line, headed over and met with Scott, he gave me a few pointers on the simulators and next thing I knew I was teeing off on St. Andrews Old Course! They have the xgolf simulators that are surprisingly accurate and really nice. They have a platform that creates the lie angle, a automatic ball tee system that remembers your settings, and a low profile ball readers. The only thing that needs some getting used to is the putting as there isn't a target to aim at. After some practice time you will be missing 10 footers just like in real life! Didn't really feel like I was able to "game" the simulators by exploiting a weakness in the software like I have been able to with other simulators. I know it is the software but I wish they had more us or uk courses. 93 are offered but only a handful are in the us. Personally I dream of playing pinehurst no. 2! SGP has two xgolf simulators and are looking to expand to four from what I hear. They also have a nice putting and chipping area for a little short game work. Tv and lounge area for catching up on your Sportscenter as well. I believe they also offer lessons as well. Scott was welcoming and actually showed interest in my score and how I liked it. They are the ONLY indoor golf simulators in the greater phoenix area and are hoping to stay around for a while. Will come back soon to try my hand at pebble beach!
5	Great when it's raining or in the desert more likely when its 200 degrees out.  I've come 3 times now, and its great for beginners and experts alike.  Takes a while to get used to the putting, but sooner than later, you'll be missing 10 footers just as easily as you do on the real course.  Great staff too, and it has been rumored that if you bring a few beers in your golf bag you'll actually play better than if you didn't ;0)
5	This was my first time playing virtual golf.  When I got there I was greeted by Scott and his lovely wife.  It was a great time. My father-in-law showed up a little early for our screen time and used the putting surface to play nickels.  The facilities are nice and Scott frequently stops by to see how you are doing and give you a few tips which was an added bonus.  We paid $60 for both of us to play 18 holes which is a great price.  The technology worked perfectly and was easy to use.We will definitely be back for sure.
5	I went with my husband and 17 year old and 10 year old.   We had a great time, it was very relaxed, no pressure like there is on the golf course.    Scott greeted us when we got there and was so nice and down to earth.   He gave us helpful tips on our shots but did it in a way where one would not feel intimidated or offended.   He just offered some tips and if we wanted to ask for more help, he was right there.  He makes you feel very comfortable with the game of golf. The simulator equipment also had a moving platform that made it very realistic.   When you were on a hill the platform would adjust as if you were really shooting off of a hill, very cool.    Overall this is a five star because of the excellent customer service, relaxed environment, we had a fun time, no pressure and even the kids enjoyed it!   Also, sure beats the heat..... Looking forward to going back soon, especially when the real heat hits AZ.   P.S. They are expanding their simulator stations soon so it will be even bigger and better.   One downfall, I never knew it was there.... somewhat hidden. Watch Groupon for deals.
5	XGolf Scottsdale is a great place to learn, refine and enhance your golf game in a fun atmosphere. I look forward to my next trip to see Scott & Bruce, They are both very knowledgeable and experienced golf professionals. The XGolf simulator provides a realistic, accurate simulation experience.
5	This is my third trip to XGolf, but the first since the re-design and the additional simulators. Each time has been a pleasure, whether working with Bruce or Scott, they're both incredibly friendly and helpful. The additional simulators make the space feel a bit smaller, and it can get a bit cramped if all six of them are full. However, it's tough to beat the value and ability to get out of the summer heat to play a round of golf.I'd recommend (and have already) XGolf Scottsdale to all of my golfing friends and will definitely be going back. If it weren't so far away from where I live, it's likely I'd be there every weekend.
5	My girlfriend and I went to XGolf Scottsdale over the weekend.  The staff was extremely helpful and made the transition from outdoor to indoor golf go smoothly.  We had a great time.  The facility is still undergoing final touches, so I can't wait for everything to be completed.  They just have to get that beer and wine license approved, and I'll be there on a weekly basis.  Great place, nice people, nobody hitting golf balls at us, 5 stars for sure.
5	I discovered golf here...it was a co-workers birthday so we went out on a Friday based on someones recommendation. I have never swung a golf club before so I sucked but with a little direction I was getting good and addicted. They have a great little bar and the staff is super fun and helpful - clearly its a pretty awesome job!
