4	Been here twice and had the meat lovers pizza which was good. But they never have beef which is an important topping. They say that everything is halal except for the steak. Their wings and bread sticks are good, still need to try their fried chicken.
4	Found this place because of Groupon and glad I tried it.  It's a bit in the "Hood" but if you like a variety of food then this is the place. I haven't had the pizza but the chicken and catfish is great. Love the garlic knots.
3	Ok, this place is next to a liquor store and a check cashing place but despite the sketchy location, it's actually pretty good! Had the cheese pizza and an order of mixed bone in chicken with a honey biscuit. All for under 14 bucks! Can't beat that, right?
2	I wouldn't go to this location at night by myself. The catfish was fishy and too much breading. I'll be sticking with Papa Joe's. The pizza was blah. Those $5 no wait pizzas taste better for less. It was something new nearby to try. It won't be a repeat.
2	Pizza was avg. Wings were terrible, soggy and little sauce. This was our 1st time ordering and probably the last... unfortunate I was looking for something other than Pizza Hut. Oh well
1	The driver was unprofessional, and crumpled my receipt n put it in his pocket... No then I had to ask for it. The pizza was purely cold. Did not look like any cheese was even on it. When I called to talk to a manager I was told that they are busy making pizzas to take an upset customers call. N I still never got to speak to one. I work in a pizza restaurant and I understand how it works. And I did not appreciate any if the service I was getting. I never have written a review before and they gave me every reason to.
5	Go there almost everyday, i love there Zinger burger, fried chicken is awesome, as well as pizza. The owner is a very nice guy, very respectful. The best part about it is halal and you won't find many places in phoenix with this type of halal food.
1	Skip this place. I try not to be negative but this place was awful. Very bad and scary location. Pizza was gross, almost no cheese and toppings were spongy and just weird. The fried chicken was edible at best, greasy and I feared it wasn't cooked through. The jambalaya was so dry and tasted awful. We waited 45 minutes. Living Social and Groupon need to rethink who they do business with. It was so shady there we took our food to a Costco parking lot and tailgated. I can overlook a lot if the food is good but this was not good food. Waste of time and money.
5	Tried it while visiting Phoenix. MANNN I gotta say best fried chicken I have ever tried BEST EVER. Burgers specially the cheese philly steak OMG can't put it in words Trust me I wish I could just move near it. I have tried other locations in Chicago too but the staff there is super nice makes u feel like a king. Best ever customer service I have ever seen.
5	Pizza & Krispy Krunchy chicken is a lifesaver. I called last week for my sons birthday party of 150 people. It was all last minute thing. I called a day before, the birthday Party. They had great wings, Pizza was really good Kids loved it, definitely try there chicken salad. They arrived 20 minutes before the given time, which was great. We were all so hungry. I will order food from here next time. Price was very reasonable. The fact that it was also halal made it easy to pick out for our party.
5	I've ordered for delivery twice now and the fried chicken comes piping hot and super crunchy, so delicious! I've also had the beef samosas, curly fries/seasoned fries and fried corn on cob, all of which were so good! Pleasantly impressed by the quality considering the establishment's slightly questionable
1	I wish I could give a ZERO STAR review for this place to further emphasize how much it is in your best interests to take your pizza craving to another business. To save you time: Skip this place.  There's a ton of other GOOD pizza places in this area that care about taking your order correctly.Today I ordered a salad, a pizza, and a 2-Liter for myself and a co-worker.  We had never tried this place before and, since I like new things, I decided to go for it.  When I ordered, I did it with specific instructions: "no dressing for the salad" and "pepperonis on all of the pizza, mushrooms only on one half."  I didn't want a pizza my co-worker couldn't eat (she doesn't like mushrooms).  I placed the order and was told it would be here in 15-20 minutes.  I work relatively close to the location, so it seemed plausible.Fastforward ONE HOUR after the end of the call.  If I had known this was going to happen, I would have just called Pizza Hut because, let me tell you, food triggers some emotions.  Normally, I don't notice when things are taking long while I'm working, but if I have to call and ask where my food is, you're taking way too damn long.  About 15 minutes after I call to ask where it is, the driver shows up at my door.  The pizza box looks like something heavy had been sitting on it and the guy gives me a crumpled receipt, but whatever, the food got here.I honestly have never had to check my pizza before the driver leaves, but I should have.  First of all, all of the toppings are on one side and the other side is completely cheese.  The pizza is cold and, as another co-worker put it, "has no gravy."  He meant sauce, but damn if he wasn't right.  I check on the salad I got and aside from the sad, old tomatoes in it... they added a side of dressing.  I explicitly said I didn't want any since I never use it and didn't want them to waste it on me.  I detest wasting food, so aside from screwing up my order, taking an unreasonable amount of time, and the general shitty state of the food, I've reached my limit of patience with this place.Which wasn't high to begin with, mind you.  I immediately call back and make my list of complaints.  The guy who answered was the person who had taken my order, and tried to say that I had asked for one side to be mushrooms and pepperoni with the other side just cheese.  At no point had I even mentioned the *word* cheese during our conversation, and the fact that he tried to pin it on me pissed me off to no end.  That is a poor business model.  I understand miscommunications, but for him to try to cover his own ass and make it a problem from my end is absolutely unprofessional.  The result in that conversation ended with a "five dollar credit to my account."Right.  Like I'd make that mistake more than once.A-V-O-I-D!tl;dr: Order got messed up, customer service tried to make it seem like I screwed up.  Pizza sucked, salad was old, the only thing that came out right was the soda.
1	Ordered once and never again. Pizza was terrible! No flavor and it was burnt and cold when it arrived.
5	there is no way this place is less than a 4, at least for chicken, that with biscuits and wedges. I can't talk about the pizza or other stuff, but you don't need to know about them. As soon as you try the chx, biscuits, and wedges, you won't order anything else. been here at least 5 times, never an "off day", always delicious.
2	Ordered some food.. the alfredo chicken was terrible.  I had to dump my entire chili flakes for the flavor... when they cooked the brocolli they dragged the excess water in the pasta dish...  or it was frozen and melted with the cooking process... either way that particular dish tasted bland...  I've worked in the service industry for over 20 years.....  and can tell what's freshly made.  The delivery was cool.. tipped him fat but maybe I'll try and get something else if I order from here again.
1	Worst customer experience I have ever received from a restaurant. I work for a company that deals with Value Card Alliance and this place accepts our Valued Card scripts. However, you cannot place a order on the phone with Value Card. They will force you to go into their location to place an order due to past customers have complained about how long the wait is when ordering on the phone. Phone orders are so customers do not have to sit and wait at a location for their food. I asked to speak with the manager regarding this and the lady said "I'm in charge!" I asked her to explain why I can't order on the phone if using Value Card due to it is just like paying with cash. All the "manager" said was "people who use Value Card take too long to come pick up their orders and it is annoying to hear them complain about it being cold due to them not picking up on time." If you are going to offer for phone orders and give a customer a time frame to pick it up, if the cost shows up after the time frame that is the customers fault. That does not mean you should deny a customer from ordering. Also when I told the "manager" I'd just pay with cash then she was EXTREMELY rude on the phone. Never have I ever ordered from a restaurant and receive such poor customer experience. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE!! If you want great pizza with great customer experience ESPECIALLY for a business that deals with Value Card I recommend you going to Rosati's Pizza on 40th St and Thomas. They take all orders on the phone and extremely friendly especially to businesses.
1	Worst chicken I have ever eaten.  So dry and tough it was inedible.  I threw it away.  It must have been prepared four days ago and sitting under a heat lamp since that time.  And they deep fried the corn on the cob.  Who does that?  the Cole Slaw was lousy too.  I will never eat here again.  When I called to complain, the manager would not come to the phone and he/she never called me back.
1	Like some others, I wish zero stars was an option. This place is a kitchen nightmare episode at best. First of all they have a sign they are not serving any chicken except wings. No fried chicken of any kind. The guy at the register, who I think is an owner, explained you couldn't get the 40 wings option, but could order in increments of 20?!? Oh wait! That's so it will be more expensive. Since we have always liked the food from the Krispy Krunchy chicken on Buckeye we still gave it a chance. I paid, then the man went straight over and started making the food without washing his hands or using gloves. At one point he left and went to the liquor store next door then came back?? Still with a shred of hope it would be as good as the other location we waited. Final verdict-pizza was bland, wings had watered down sauce and I will never ever ever ever ever go back. Definitely worth the extra miles to go to the one in the WY market on Buckeye.
1	Ordered delivery from these idiots, 1.5 hours later I call them and they haven't even started making it and are actually out of half the stuff I ordered. Sooo, you were just sitting there waiting for me to call you to tell me that? Zero stars.
1	Thank you, I almost ordered thru paypal. I'm glad when I called they did not answer, which led me to check yelp. The guy who gave 5 stars must work there. Thanks to all reviewers
