1	Awful just awful.  Why is it so hard to find good help when you are extremely busy?  You pay the money, you expect a service, and they come in, take your money and do a half arse job.  The point of it is - you hire a service like this, so that you pay them, and they can come in to clean (more than likely you're not home because if you were, you'd be cleaning yourself).  It seems as if it's easier if you hover above them while they clean, so that they do a good job.  But then what's the point of a cleaning service??The cleaner left the kitchen sink dirty, and it seemed like she didn't even touch the bathrooms or vacuum.  And the glass shower doors were not touched.However, she did manage to clean the stove top and sliding glass doors.  But then it seems as if she picked up her supplies and scurried out of there.
1	I'm pretty sure they are cleaners that dont know how to clean....I purchased an Amazon Deal to hire them for 2 hours, but spoke with them directly to have the cleaners come in for 4 hours. Which I told wasnt a problem.The day they arrived, I told them everything I needed to be done, and that if it took longer than 4 hours that I would compensate them, not only for their time, but also with a decent tip.They called me after 2 hours and told me they were done. I gave them a tip (which they didnt deserve), and when I went to go look at their work, it looked like they hadnt done anything!!They didnt clean any of the areas that I asked (since it was a move out, I asked them to clean all the cabinets, inside all the drawers, the shelves, the baseboards, etc) and had basically just smeared all the dust on the windows!!Lastly they used ALL of my cleaning products, and took knicked some of my headbands that had been in there!!!!When I called about this horrible job, my phone calls were ignored, and messages never returned.BE CAREFUL!!! THESE PEOPLE ARE OUT FOR YOUR MONEY!!!!
3	Not quite as bad an experience as the others posting, however some things were obviously overlooked like the bathrooms; both of the mirrors had smudges left on them, and while I understand this is a small thing, if you're paying over $100 for someone to come in and do basic wipe down, you'd think even if they were out to get you, they'd at least get the very obvious stuff. Some baseboards were left with dirt and marks on them as well.Really don't blame anyone for missing a couple things in a big house, but the really stand-out items should be top priority without having to instruct anyone about it... it's what your customers see all day long.With all that said, the girls were punctual and very nice, and they did clean the kitchen and bedrooms well.All in all, the service was alright.
1	Awful!  I scheduled the appointment, confirmed the appointment and then day of I receive a text message saying that the maids would be 15 minutes late.  After an hour, I gave up and started cleaning myself.  They finally showed up 2.5 hours late, but by then I no longer needed their services.Moral of the story:  Hire a different company!
