1	To start off, my wife and I really wanted to visit this place since it is down the street from our house. We loved saltys and when it closed we thought we lost one of our favorite places. They spent way too much money destroying this location. The outside set up is awesome but the inside is like an empty warehouse. Lots of tvs, the longest bar known to man, and feeling like you are in a meat packing plant. The wait staff is pretty slow. The food menu that was presented had only half of the items available. And the pictures on facebook make me scared to eat the food. Drinks are ok. I would have to say I miss saltys and wish this location would give us something better.
4	Overall very nice first showing!  Drinks were cheap as hell and the place is NICELY RENOVATED.  Much more inviting and clean than Salty Senioritas.  See you there every Friday!
3	Well we went there on Saturday (they just opened on Thursday) and it was raining.  Actually raining inside... We had to move our table 3 separate times.  Service was really slow but very friendly.  We ordered some mild boneless wings that came out extremely hot (even for my husband who loves hot and spicy foods) and also came out not boneless.  Our server was not very well acquainted with the menu or the bar so that was a little annoying, but I could tell she was trying.  She reordered the wings and again they came back not boneless... to say the least we paid our tab and left to get out of the rain....We will go back though, the atmosphere was really nice, tons of TV's a big bar, lots of seating and gaming!!!  Also the patio was pretty nice as well.
4	Self seating quick service, inside or outdoor seating. Plenty of TV's to watch sports on. Great prices and  selections on beer. The Mad Dog Bites are AWESOME! Pork ribs that fall off the bone! The garlic parm is my favorite.The service was fast and friendly. Plenty of room for the whole gang.
5	I am so relieved to have a new local bar. I have been there quite a few times and I must say it's the new hot spot. They have shuffle board, pool tables, darts and a dance floor. The crowd is pretty good on a friday or saturday night (mostly people in their mid 20's-30's). The waitresses and bartenders are very friendly and attractive. This is an awesome place to go for UFC. No cover, tons of TVs, cheap beer and the food isn't bad either. I got the pork bones and I'd definitely recommend them. You'll probably run into me when you go.
4	Enjoyed the atmosphere, enjoyed the waitresses, enjoyed the food - great place!
2	I am not into guys and really don't like them for almost any purpose - but I do need them. There are women that talk to guys at the bar, and sometimes the decision on which bar to go to is based on the type of guys that go there. Word gets out that I am going somewhere that's good enough to draw 15-20 women, but much more than that requires a good base of male customers. I don't think this place is going to do that. I selected Mad Dog Saloon for a few reasons: 1) it was a nice afternoon and they have a large patio, 2) it is a new establishment and 3) it's close to home. When I arrived I sent a text to my friend in Ohio that it was a weird combination of douche bags and bikers. His return text asked if I read the quick tips on Yelp. Admittedly, I had not. Quick Tip number 1 at the time was from Trenton T. and it said "lots of douche bags, weird crowd"...that sums it up well. There were four guys in close proximity to me. Two had the reverse hat going, another had the sunglasses in the back of the shirt, and the fourth appeared to be normal. The next table was a large group of bikers, as was the back of the bar. I don't think this is the crowd that is going to attract the ladies. I can't do it all myself people; work with me.What about the good things? Yes, there were some. Good thing 1: It actually is close to my home. Within a mile, so I could easily walk back should I have to do so. Good thing 2: the Aztec burger was pretty good and at $9 it was comparable to other places, but here is the thing (Good thing 3): regular fries are included with the meal, but seasoned fries or sweet potato fries are available at no extra cost. Good thing 4: It's large. One prior review said the inside was like a warehouse - yes, but I don't mind that. It is very spacious, it has games and tvs to enjoy and plenty of seats. That's a positive to me. The outdoor seating was spacious and had a great amount of open air (and more TV0 to make the day enjoyable. Another negative I found, besides the customers, was the service was slow. It took me a while to get an order in and get a drink. Once I did it took a while to come (even the beer). My waitress was cute though...although overall I wasn't impressed by the staff. The food was good when it did arrive and my server did check up on several times, but she seemed to be more talkative with the two dorks in the backwards hats. Come for the sweet potato fries and the nice outdoor patio before it gets too hot. Come for a large, spacious place inside and out, but the rest of it wasn't anything to get carried away about. I will probably go again because I live so close, but maybe I will search for other better places.
2	First things first; the service was terrible. We had just finished a movie and wanted to continue the night with some food and drinks. My two other friends live in North Scottsdale so they were looking to me for ideas of places to go. I knew Mad Dog Saloon was new, and I had not been there yet., so thought it could be a good place to try out.We walked in and sat on the patio. It wasn't very crowded or anything, but there were people there. It took the waitress 20 minutes to finally come over to us from talking up everyone else. When she came over she did not introduce herself, welcome us, or even make eye contact! She threw some food menus on the table and left....We waited just a bit longer to see if she would come back....we waited about another 15 minutes...she never did. We never got to try the food, because we left.
5	Great location, awesome outdoor patio with fireplace, really nice couches/furniture, good drinks, and friendly service. AWESOME music with a really friendly DJ who even took alot of extra trouble to find a song we requested so he could play it. The place was packed even on a Wednesday night - (Ladies night with $1 long islands!). They have a dance floor, although it wasn't used much. Although it's loud like a club inside with pool tables and lots of seating, outside is much quieter if you're looking for a place to have good conversation. Sometimes the servers are slow, but there are 2 bars, one inside and one outside and you can easily go up to the bar and order drinks. Met a lot of super friendly patrons there too, but I usually go with my own friends. Cool place to chill with friends and drink. Haven't tried their food menu, but the place always looks full when I drive by, so it must be good. Mad Dog gets my 5 stars!
2	Burgers are good.  But on the whole the menu is boring and the servers are not hot enough to be that damn rude.
2	TERRIBLE SERVICE. Great happy hour prices, and the food is less than mediocre. Waitresses are not friendly and you wait, and wait, and wait for her to come back and ask if you'd like another drink. And then you wait, and wait, and wait for your drink. This is from three separate visits, and friends say the same. Atmosphere is great, patio is very cool. Did I mention how much the service SUCKS?
3	I've been here a few times and I will have to say the one big positive is that Mad Dog's is A LOT better than the Salty Senorita's that used to be there. Great makeover and glad they added an additional bar on the patio. Definitely a great spot to watch a sports event as there are a ton of tv's. There isn't a bad seat in the house. On the other hand, the staff is an entirely different story. Best way to get the fastest service is to sit at the inside bar. We sat at the outside one on our first first and waited almost 20 minutes before we got our drinks. I think their prices for HH are decent. HH food isn't too bad either. As for the "douche bag" effect  some other people have commented on, I would absolutely have to agree. Definitely a weird mixture of bikers and some type of new breed of West Coast Juice Head Gorilla's.... just tell 'em to GTL... but if fist pumping starts taking place, I'll never return LOL
1	Trashy, even for a dive bar. Service was terrible wish it was better. The only shining point was that the nacho's were good.
3	Very packed, drinks took awhile to come so order another round when about halfway through your drink. Food was alright. Our waitress was nice. Bathrooms are clean.
4	Definitely a nice change of pace and good crowd. I say if you're going to go on a Friday or weekend night try and get a spot at the outside bar. Nate, is one of the best bartenders and makes a good stiff drink. I haven't tried the food but I heard it's pretty good and every table get's complimentary popcorn to snack on. Again there really isn't a 'type' of crowd, it's a good mix, and a good mix of music played through the night. If you're burnt out on the same dos and iguana crowd, check this place out!
3	Happy hour on Monday....  We sat outside and waited about 10-15 minutes for ANY server to come acknowledge us.   Server was ok , happy hour specials were decent.  and I like the couches they had outside with the misters.  I would come back again.. I hope the owners get better servers or this bar will not  be in business.
4	Good food Good prices and Good crowd. Will be going there again soon.
4	Great Happy Hour!!! Everyday 11-7. Food is decent, atmosphere is chill, big TV's for games, and cheap drinks
4	$1 tacos on Tuesday nights (not sure what time that starts).The bartender talked them up, and they were actually pretty good.My friend and I stopped in here for a beer before catching a movie across the street at the AMC 24.  (Why can't they serve alcohol in movie theaters? That would be awesome.)Several beers on tap, nothing too exciting, but nice for my regular Guinness pull.I'll come back and hang out longer next time, as there was plenty of outdoor seating with the spray coolers overhead.
5	This place is A LOT OF FUN. Everytime I go there I end up having a blast. They play mostly hip-hop dance music so if that is NOT your thing then I would avoid.The nachos are huge and could easily feed 4 people.
1	one star is being nice thats just for the free ufc fights!!!!  Had issues twice since ive been there.  When with my boyfriend to play pool and one of the bouncers told him that he couldnt wear his wave cap!  ok but they can have bikers in there with there jackets and bandanas!  Bullshit!!!!!  Gave the place another try last night stopped in because we heard on the radio that there was 1$ long islands my man orders and i go to pay when i get my money back he charges me 8$ for the drink and tells me that its only on weds nights i say fine then id like to order something cheaper he tells me to bad he already poured the drink and nothing wrong with it!!  Nate Williamson is his name was such a DICK and extremely unprofessional who runs there business like that he kept copping and attitude with me i was shocked!  I have been to dive bars that treated me better then that!  Ill never go back there sux!!
3	Went for lunch. Obviously nothing happening. Didn't really have the Olympics or Golf on, but there was baseball, etc.  The food was OK. The Philly Cheesesteak was not from Philly, that is for sure. Only meat and YELLOW cheese.  There were plenty of fries and the curly ones tasted the best. I will go back but mainly for a sporting event. I like their one bar inside and one bar outside setup. During football season, this place should rock!
3	We were here for happy hour last night - and while the prices were agreeable, the food left a lot to be desired.  We sat inside as it's Shark Week & there was a pre-season football game on.  The service was so-so - the chicken tenders were fried in the same oil as their fish - which is never a good thing & the sliders tasted kinda elementary schooly.  And then, the cardinal sin when it comes to nachos... SOGGY CHIPS!  And they were totally soggy - so much so that we didn't even put a dent in them.  So - take it with a grain of salt, we didn't order any "real" food, but were not impressed at all with anything other than their happy hour prices.
4	Don't pass this place up! Great food, superb atmosphere and fantastic staff. Not to mention it's budget making it the ideal hang out spot.You will find me there eating a good burger entree, while shifting my head back n forth across the plasma screens. Appetizers are a great deal here so don't forget to try several.
4	Went last to watch the UFC, just moved to AZ from the UK and it was my 3rd night in America and i really enjoyed it, the beer was good and the atmosphere was lively, met some pretty cool people and everyone seemed to enjoy my accent......
3	I came here to watch a Cardinals game and for Happy Hour, which is from 3-7pm. I was really craving a nice margarita so when I walked up to the bar and asked the bartender for a drink menu, he snarkily replied "we don't have one". Hmm ok...so I will just trust they have a good house margarita...boy was I wrong!! OMG DO NOT ORDER the margaritas, they are disgusting!! I even asked for sugar around the rim and they gave me salt instead. Whatever...so we are standing at the bar (no seating available at the time) and next I ordered a beer on draft. The glasses were NOT chilled so my beer became warm really quickly. What kind of bar doesn't chill the glasses for beer? From then on, I just stuck with bottled beer because I knew it would be cold and delicious, which it was :)I didn't order any food because I was standing the whole time and had no where to eat. But, this place has TONS of TV's so it was fun to watch the game. They also have air hockey and other arcade type games too for entertainment. I think I would come back and try the food but their HH drinks were not good!! HH prices were excellent though...bottled beer was $1.75 and the margarita was $3. Maybe I should come on Tuesday for $1 tacos? Who knows..
1	On a good night, this place is barely acceptable. Too bad the good nights are few & far between. Their happy hour features the tried & oh, so boring half-price appetizers & buck off most drinks. The problem is, the drinks are a bit overpriced to start with. Tuesday is probably the bright spot, with dollar street tacos - but they aren't worth much more than a buck.It is a very nice venue, with a lot of potential, It is reminiscent of some yuppie-type patio club in Scottsdale. The patio is large & smoking is permitted - even cigars, which they also sell. So what brings it down to a single star? The service is HORRIBLE.After zero acknowledgement for as much as 30 minutes...Very attractive server: Okay, I can take your order now.Me: I will take a...Very attractive server: Oops, I am so sorry - I will be right back.10 minutes later... the scene repeats.Nearly an hour after arrival, you MIGHT get a drink. Trying to get the check, especially an accurate one, in less than 30 minutes, is nearly impossible.Bike night on Tuesday is even worse. But bikers don't tolerate sad service, so Tuesday is a dying night at Mad Dog Saloon.They usually have plenty of staff  wandering around. But that seems to be what they do best - wandering.I wonder how long before this place has yet another name change.Save yourself the headache. To the north is RT O'Sullivan's. Nothing to write home about, but at least the service won't drive you to tears. To the south is downtown Gilbert, with several venues, including Liberty Market & Champions Sports Bar - all with vastly better service.
4	I couldn't wait to check out this place since the change from Salty Senorita's. Although, I must admit that I was a little apprehensive since the outside (street side) does give a kind of rough and tough biker type of feel... But, the parking lot side shows the nice, new, open, game room (or man cave) type of feel this place creates.I was surprised by the space and seating of the patio bar area! It is much bigger than when this was Salty's. The brisk night air felt good on arrival, and the heaters came on in all the right places when it started to cool down for the evening. They did a great job with the remodel, creating lots more room to mingle and chat with friends... There are also tons of flat screen tvs, set at different angles for optimum viewing. On this saturday night, the DJ was able to light up the dance floor and get people dancing to a fixture of hip-hop and cool beats. Everyone seemed to be having a good time dancing and singing along to each song. The waitresses were busy but efficient and always pleasant and friendly.I found the long islands to be very good, and couldn't taste too much alcohol, which was nice until... it snuck up on me later! Lol! But, it was the mozzarella sticks that my waitress recommended that will keep me coming back. They were awesome! wrapped in wonton wrappers and a larger size stick than I have seen anywhere else. These were good in the marinara sauce but even better with the ranch side sauce, a combination I have never tried before, but I loved it! A great appeitizer to share, 5 sticks for only $7!Overall, I gave it 4 stars because I am a big fan of this cool comfortable spot with a little bit of something for everyone, especially the sports enthusiasts. Good apps. But, no drink menus? (which would be a nice addition, as I assume they serve a good amount of drinks per night) It just needs more people to visit!!
5	Great place!~  We had a birthday party here last ngiht and the staff was wonderful.  I'm so happy to see a nice place like this in Mesa.  The food was really good to.  Thank you Danell for all your help!Great for a group event.
2	I have been in to Mad Dog's twice and I am not imprressed.  My friend and I came on weekdays both times for lunch and the servers bordered on hostile. I came close to just walking out last time.  We were the only people in the place and were given looks like we were bothering them.  The burgers are decent, the beer selection is kind of, meh, but the service is horrible.
3	Went last night for 2 for 1 burger night. Burgers were good (not great) and cooked perfectly. Can't beat the food or beer prices. DJ was a little loud which would have been ok if more people were dancing but most there were socializing. Service was friendly and punctual. Would definitely return, but maybe on a Weekend night.
2	Great patio, good spinach dip and drinks. That was until we got the bill. $8.50 for a Smirnoff and soda? Same for a Captain and coke? We were in Gilbert, not Scottsdale. What the...
1	I was in town for the weekend from LA and my boyfriend recommended this place (he hadn't been since it was Salty Senorita).. From the very beginning it was terrible. Service was non existant I had to flag down a server who walked right past us. And the food? OMG yuck. The burger was so over cooked and flavorless we sent it back after one bite. Only plus I can give is that the drinks were cheap..
2	Although the atomsphere was nice and quait, the wait time for a meal was long.  It took almost 40 minutes to get our food after we order it.   Also, I had the chicken quesadilla the chicken was so dry and overcooked I had to chew for ever to break it up.  I would not reccomend getting the grilled onions on it, makes it soggy
4	Service is good, girls are smiling & didn't have an attitude. Outdoor & indoor bar, plenty of patio seating. Food was pretty dang good. had the quesadilla & chicken wings and I enjoyed them. For a bar, this place isn't a bad place to waist some time
1	I went to Mad Dog Saloon to celebrate Mother's Day with my Daughter.  We each ordered a shot of whiskey.  The woman bartender accepted cash payment from me and later charged my daughter for the same two shots.  A man at the bar also paid cash for three shots for us and himself.  The bartender  took advantage of us by overcharging us.  I called the management and they seemed hesitant to get  involved.  I have been a regular customer but because of the lack of concern from the manager I will not return to this establishment.  I also would recommend people go elsewhere for a drink.
1	I went on Mother's Day with my Daughter for a drink to celebrate the occation.  We have gone to Mad Dog Saloon several times in the past because we live in the neighborhood. The service is always slow but we usually go just to talk and catch up. On Mother's Day we ordered a drink after sitting at the outside bar for a long time watching the female bartender ignore us.  There were only five other people at the bar.  She placed  our bill in a glass  in front of us.  I paid her cash for both drinks. Later my daughter was asked by the same bartender for her visa card to pay for the same drinks.  I did not notice that my daughter was also paying the bill I just paid.  I assume the bartender put the cash I gave her in her tip jar instead of covering our tab.  I called the manager and he could care less that this happened and was sarcastic to me.  I assume this was the "Special Treatment" stated on the  the Mother's Day Welcome posted on the sign in front of the establishment.    The manager could of refunded us for one payment that we paid.  He did not.  We will not be returning and will spread the word not to give business to this establishment.
2	Went there on a Friday night for the first time with friends. The layout and design of the place is nice. They have a nice outdoor seating area.It was more for the younger club goer. It got louder and more "club like" as the night went on. If you like that sort of thing then you would like Mad Dogs. If you want to meet some friends and have a conversation over a couple of beers then I would recommend somewhere else.I didn't try the food so my rating is based solely from that one night.
3	I Like it...Good bar on a FRIDAY night, If you like it a little ghetto..I don't care who is there and people don't bother me, I just enjoy the music, tilt a few back and smoke a cigar
3	Came in on a Sunday to watch football, and the experience was very average.  The menu was typical bar food.  We ordered nachos which were good.  No complaints.  The service was ok, and the prices were reasonable.  Several TVs, so good to watch any game currently playing.
1	This place has a great patio but that is all it has going for it. Mediocre food, weak expensive drinks and TERRIBLE service. Don't waste your time. The servers are rude and you will wait half an hour before anyone even bothers to come by. What a waste of a good location.
4	Stopped in to see 2nd half of a football game and was VERY pleasantly surprised! Awesome space (it's HUGE!) and plenty of TVs everywhere. Service was super fast and friendly, and their menu looks great (looking forward to trying their food next time!).  Only downside was that a Smirnoff vodka was $8.50 (WHAT?!). For Smirnoff??  Seriously people, we're not in Manhattan, we're in Mesa. Let's price the drinks appropriately.  Otherwise 2 thumbs up.
2	The place is nice, big patio and very large warehouse-like inside with a huge bar and lot of high-tops. The feel is sports bar, very casual.  The problem is the food is rubbery and borderline awful, tastes like plastic. Everything was frozen or canned prior to serving and it's very obvious. If you are looking for good drinks, Mad Dog isn't a bad option, but the Chicken Fingers and Trailer Nachos were very disappointing, especially the trailer nachos.
2	Meh. I've experienced better
3	COME here for HAPPY HOUR 3pm-7pm on Fridays for sure.  I tried to log into their website  and I can't get into it.  WEIRD!Anyhow, came here on a Friday evening and the place was packed.  Great patio area it's huge!  So many TV's so it would be a great place for watching games.  Anyhow, back to their happy hour specials 1.75 for domestic draft, 2.00 for domestic bottles, 2.50 wells drinks.  No deal on wines!  Boo!  1/2 off on all appetizers and the potato skins were great we also ordered onion rings and they had a little too much batter on them.  Our waitress was awesome!  She was attentive and super nice ....so service was great!We didn't stay pass 8:00pm, came here only for happy hour and it was a convenient location to meet friends from east Mesa, Tempe and Chandler ...right off the Superstition 60 -easy in, easy out.
2	This place has the smallest collection of happy hour drinks! The bartender (Ciara) was not the greatest but I know she tried her hardest. I didn't get to eat any food because their beer was cloudy and flat which made me think twice about ordering. There was a group of loud obnoxious people when I went and the bartender admitted that this was the norm for this bar. So I won't be returning. 2 stars for the cheapest happy hour draft beer in town.
3	This place is okay. They have domestic beers for $2.50 on Sundays, lots of TVs for football, and pool tables. It's $1 per game of pool though, which is a little much. The food is decent and the staff is somewhat inattentive. Overall, it's not a bad spot to hangout at.
3	Nothing says pathetic like a plastic cup to put my beer in....  Get some frozen mugs?
2	I'm usually an easy to please eater. Almost everywhere I go, I'll get a burger. I got the sliders here and they left a lot to be desired. They were strictly meat, cheese and onions.... That's it. No mayo, no pickle no lettuce. Nothing. My husband got the pulled pork sliders and they were cold. I thought it might be the coleslaw, but they were cold throughout the whole thing. Defiantly not what we expected. I don't know if we will be back unless we just plan to drink. Our bartender was nice though =)
2	Bad service and a bunch of bros.
2	I love the curly hair bartender she is so nice and fun!!
1	The food is terrible, poor quality and frozen.  Their draft beer is served in plastic cups.   Who serves beer in plastic?! The servers are the most miserable bunch of brats I have ever seen.  They look like the hate their jobs so much.  This place is gross and dirty as well.  It is too bad because they have a large patio, which should be a place you would want to go.
3	A lot of bikers come here, the outdoor section is the bomb but the food isn't so great.  Its a very diverse crowd that come here, lots of security and cops on the weekends.
2	My husband and I have enjoyed going here for a beer or two. After last night we will no longer be going. Sitting out on the patio enjoying a cold beer when two guys right next to us were spitting. Spitting over the rail but not making it over the rail. Spitting on the patio floor. I requested that they are given cups to spit in and they refused to use them. I approached them to only stir them up more. Management did nothing. Their waitress did nothing but encourage them. They got more obnoxious about it after I approached them. Insisting they would "make it over the rail" Anyway, if this place wants to allow their customers to spit while others are trying to eat then we just won't return!
5	Awesome place great service and a good time. Will come here again. Great music and great drinks not to expensive.  Plenty of tv's to watch.. waitress was amazing
5	I was recently here for a fantasy football draft and this place was incredibly accommodating, and they even have pitchers of Odell's IPA. !!  They have a huge patio, great beer selection, and many TVs inside to catch the game.  All of the staff were super cool and genuinely nice.  I definitely will be back, I really appreciate the warm welcome they gave our group.
4	Great happy hour. The food is decent too, great portion sizes. It's super trashy but if you want good drink and food specials this is your place.One thing that really upsets me about this place, however, is the fact that they leave the TVs on day and night. I drive by every morning at 7 am and all the TVs are on. This is a huge waste of energy and I think they need to stop.
1	So I thought I give this place a try since it was by my house and seemed like it was usually busy even on weekdays which is a good sign. Decided to go with a few buddies for taco Tuesday since they advertise dollar tacos. So we order the street tacos that were on special and some beers.  I didn't have much expectations for the street tacos because they were only a buck. But when we got them, they tasted like they were literally off the STREET! They were cold and dry and bland. Not much to them, no sauce or fixings, just dried up meat in a tortilla. They made taco bell look like 5 stars. On top of that the waitress served our beer and brought out glasses straight from the sanitizer. When I grabbed my glass it was still hot and damp, which obviously killed the beer that was in it. That was a while back and I have not been back nor will I ever go again. I don't understand why people are drawn their.
2	I'm making sure to write this review the day after going so my annoyance has gone down a little. So I've been here twice. Once to eat in the middle of the day and then last night for drinks. Four of us got there around 9 pm so really not late or very crowded yet. We went straight to the bar to order some drinks and play shuffleboard. Getting a refill on said drink order turned out to be impossible. THREE bartenders for a really not busy bar (maybe 20 people) and I had all three either look directly at me (I know because we were the only ones on that side of the bar) and turn away OR walk towards our side of the bar and then completely turn around to go to another patron (we had that happen twice ... They literally walked over to our end of the bar, then turned around towards the other side of the bar where there was more people ... I guess their money is better than ours?). I was standing with hands on an empty pint glass looking at someone to help for the majority of the night. I had to interrupt one bartender flirting with two guys after about five minutes because her back wasn't turning around to look at her other customers. Apparently you better not be a girl and if you're a guy, take off your wedding rings, because unless you're flirting with them, they won't give you the time of day.
3	I stop in here for lunch 2 or 3 times a month. Food is decent bar food. Service is decent. Nothing to amazing. No reason not to go when I'm in the area. Have never been here for the bar scene later in the day and evening. Pretty big place and an outdoor bar. Lots of TVs. Probably a pretty good sports bar.
3	Typical food and drink you would expect from a bar so you don't expect too much  can't really mess up fried food. Service is not consistent and the waitresses need to up their game if they are the face of this business. Otherwise if you like a patio, beer, decent food, and sports teams sportsing sports...you'll feel right at home. P.s. Wings are pretty good.
4	Great service. .decent prices. .awesome patio.    But not for fight night..It's to fighty..lol
