3	This is the place to go to if you want to try traditional Chinese herbal medicine. They have an impressive array of different dried herbs, roots, barks, medicinal berries and fruits, as well as commercially packaged Chinese medicines and ointments, including the trauma pills and other medications popular in American martial arts schools. There is also a practitioner of traditional Chinese pulse diagnosis in the premises. You explain your ailment to him, and after his diagnosis he will write a prescription for a specific mixture of different herbals which the other personnel in the store with put together for you and which you will brew into a medicinal tea at home for healing your ailment.
5	I lived in Korea for two years and of course, did get sick a few times during that course. I was surprised to see a blend of Western and Eastern medical practitioners. My first inclination was to go with Western medicine. Why? Because it was what I was used to. Then that one time I was given Eastern medicine, I was hesitant, but took it anyway. I'm not sure how it works, but it does. After that, I'll gladly give Eastern medicine a shot and for some ailments, will actually choose it over chalky Western chemicals.Now, I'm not sure if it was the change in weather, catching a cold or a sinus infection... but I recently had dizziness, weird pressure in my right ear, stuffiness and a bit of nausea. Rather than going to a one-on-every-corner CVS or Walgreen's we see in Phoenix, I went to Healthy Chinese Herbs. It's pretty easy to find: just go to the Chinese Cultural Center and it's between two restaurants near the corner on the east side. The smell in the store brought back memories. It doesn't have that stale smell most medical facilities have, but rather a sweet and savory scent. I told the lady behind the counter my symptoms, she thought for a minute and gave me Pe Min Kan Wan and Chinese Vitamin C. I took a dose after lunch, one after dinner, then went to bed... and woke up feeling clear, energetic and healthy. I really recommend this place, even if it means stepping out of your comfort zone for medical treatment. I do believe I'll go back and stock up on stuff before the cold season really hits in full swing.
4	Wide array of herbs and ointments. To see the doctor, it is $10 then anything he prescribes is extra. Tell the lady at the counter what ails you and then she will ask some questions and tell you to wait in the seating area for the doctor. There are plenty of prepackaged teas and herbs. The service was friendly enough and is a good idea if you like to pursue other Eastern medicine solutions.
5	For those that need a break from Western medicine, this is the place to go. I've been suffering from allergies my ENTIRE life and after two 5 day tea mixes, I can breathe, mow the lawn and live a normal life. I strongly recommend a visit to the doctor here. He takes walk ins and it's only 10.00 for the doctor visit and then the cost of the herbal mix! Try it, you will not regret it.
5	The best Chinese Herbalist I have ever found.  I found out about this place due to my neighbor who had been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer.  He went to this Chinese Herbalist, went back to the medical doctor and was found with no cancer.  I lived in Phoenix so it was easy to go.  The we moved out of state.  I still go to Phoenix to visit and go to the best Chinese Herbalist.  (Please note that I have tried others in the other locations I have lived and have never found anyone I am as happy with.)  I highly recommend this.
5	This is a great place that I had completely forgotten about. So glad that I've gone back. I love the smells in the store. I have been suffering knee pain for some time due to a torn meniscus. The wife of an Eastern practicing physician I am acquainted with mailed me some herbal pain plasters which worked wonders. Not wanting to take advantage of her, I remembered Healthy Chinese Herbs. I visited last week after work one day and showed her the package from the ones I had received. She told me they didn't have that exact brand, but offered me a their Hua Tuo Plasters. They are as good or better and help so much with the pain. Their prices are very reasonable. I only just learned about the doctor onsite. Making plans to visit and talk about some other issues! Being an overall healthy person and not necessarily wanting to rush into the options offered by Western medicine, this is a nice change. Highly recommended.
5	I am glad to have found this place. I am not one who writes reviews but this is one that I must.If you are looking for an alternative to avoid drugs with lots of side effects, try this Chinese doctor and his herbs.I had stomach pain on and off for three months now and finally something told me to go check this place.The first night I took the concoction I felt a relief and soothing and calming effect.You have to let him know if you are taking any medication though so he knows what to prescribe and advise.
1	This place is very small and dirty, in fact, it seems like a little pharmacy without any certificate. That so-called doctor didn't help at all, worse instead. Those so-called herbs charged me a lot! However, I have no idea what he asked me to take at all. I just paid 200 bucks and took these Chinese medicines and then getting worse. Terrible terrible place! Don't ever go there unless you wanna suffer more pain!
5	A few years ago I was diagnosed with Epstein Barre Virus.  There really isn't any  Western method of treatment except  rest.  One of the primary symptoms is extreme fatigue.  I am a very active person and I am constantly on the go. With EBV  I had difficulty mustering enough energy to feed my dogs.   After a week of not being able to get off of the couch my husband took me to see the practitioner at the Healthy Chinese Herb Shop.  We are both in the medical field  I was a little skeptical, but I was willing to try anything that would improve my symptoms.   At the time the "doctor" spoke broken English, but his daughter translated for him. Now he speaks fluent English. Without asking any questions he took my pulses, felt my neck and looked at my tongue and eyes. Then he began to accurately list every symptom that I was experiencing.   He prescribed a mixture of medicinal herbs that his staff put together.  I was given instructions to brew the mixture as a tea each night.  I returned every week for 2 months at which time he would examine me and change the tea mixture as needed.  I began to feel improvement in a few weeks and was back to working part-time in 4 weeks.  After 2 months I was fully recovered and back to my regular schedule.  The average recovery time for EBV is usually 4-6 months, many people never recover fully.  Since then I have seen the practitioner a few times for minor complaints.   The typical length of treatment is five days.  The assortment of herbs is definitely nothing I have ever seen before.  Some of the teas are bitter and difficult to drink.  Nothing can be added to the tea to improve the taste.  I find that letting the tea cool and drinking the tea quickly helps.  The treatments that are prescribed always improve my symptoms. For most ailments I prefer visiting the herb shop over taking chemicals.  I now go between  Western and Eastern treatments as I deem appropriate.
