2	This one is in the Grand Canal Shoppes. The listings for Pandora is rather confusing in that they're all on the strip and not labeled which on LVB. I got started on Pandora because I got a gift and I can't have a unfinished bracelet, but once it's done, I don't want anymore. 2 reasons - I'm not quite happy with how the bracelets fit as I'm a inbetween size and simply because of the service at this Pandora and Jared (an authorized Pandora retailer) sucks and I don't want to hassle with either while spending money. It's not cheap and I'm not quite happy with what I own either. How shitty is that? To have about $250 worth on product on your wrist that you are just okay with. The main reason isn't because they aren't acting nice, but they dodge trying to fix my problem if the problem is solved by a return or exchange and try to upsell. This last time the BF got me a 2nd bracelet to balance out the charms on leather (since you can't wear too many on those compared to metal) and I wanted one smaller so they stack better. I wasnt happy, but the smaller size was too small. They kept trying to sell me on these clips that hold two bracelets in place, but the designs were ugly and I kept having to decline  it and oblige them to put it on my bracelet so I can tell them I don't like how it looks again. So since I wouldn't they just said I should keep it and regift it if I don't like it. Erm, I find that to be so wrong to regift something that my boyfriend gave me. I find that actually pretty rude to say. I sat on it for a few days and asked the BF to just return it since it was sold to him and they were rather pouty about him doing a return and trying to get him to keep it. He already doesn't like this location because when he was trying to buy said bracelet and charms, the lady would not stop trying to upsell him to gold charms and colored charms and was not listening to what he was asking for. He got me something else that's non Pandora. The vibe is so forced. I get sales, I was in retail and had sales goals, but I never made people feel awkward or upsell when people clearly weren't into it. Waah. No bueno.
3	I would have given 4-5 stars, but the sales lady I had was pretty lame. We went in to add a few spacers with some color pop to my favorite bracelet. The first time we walked by, we weren't really ready to buy anything (kids in tow), but the sales girl was wonderful! She gave me a booklet I could bring back to my room to assist me in making my purchase later.When we went back, the older woman who helped us was fairly ridiculous. Though "pleasant" enough, she was having extreme challenges using the swiping device on her phone used for credit card transactions. I was using a Prepaid American Express Gift Card, and since it didn't have my name (or anyone else's) on it, she didn't want to accept it. We tried to run it for the entire purchase amount, but there wasn't enough money left on the card for it to authorize. I asked her to try a different amount, and she claimed she did so - but that it declined again - forcing me to use another method of payment. I called and checked the balance of the card immediately upon leaving, and had she ACTUALLY keyed in the 2nd amount I gave her, it would have been fine. However, I guess it was too much trouble, or too far above her head to process.In any case, I love my new Pandora Charms!
3	I agree the sales ladies were pushy. I knew what I wanted and didn't want the car salesman feel.
5	This is for the pandora located inside the Venetian hotel's shopping mall.  The sales lady, Mariya was super helpful and very nice. I like how this location offers different gift sets of charms to remember your vegas trip. I ended up getting the set that included two exclusive dice charms and the cute little gondola dangle!!!Thank you for selling these little sets of charms!! And having a display for them to look at!!  (Totally wanted to get one set but I didn't have enough money for, the marriage set with the gold heart spacer, the I do charm, and the celebration cake!!!)Our sales lady wasn't pushy at all! My husband also bought me a charm, and she didn't push anything extra for him to buy me.  Here's a tip when you go into the pandora stores know what charms you want to get and don't get anything you aren't sure of! Wish the sets had a little bit of a discount for buying 3 but hey I don't complain!!!
