3	Located at Bally's hotel and casino in Las Vegas, Indigo Lounge is a small lounge that opens up to the casino gaming floor.  There is a front area for live music.  A small (very small) dance floor.  Several small circular tables for two.  And a DJ in the back.It is free (and there is no drink minimum).  Late at night, a cover band was playing--they seemed to focus on 80s rock music.  They were pretty good.  And the lead guy was kinda funny.  They did requests, but they admitted that they didn't know the lines to most of the songs (which resulted in some interesting butchering of songs).At the very end of the night after the live entertainment ended, there was some dancing (a short period of time--maybe 3:15am to 4:00am).  It was not that busy.  The DJ played Sir Mix-a-Lot's "Baby Got Back," which resulted in some very interesting dancing from a young woman who was struggling to maintain her yard stick drink (some blue concoction) and maybe even her dress (similar to the first J. Lo dress that caused all that hoopla)...but to be honest, she was struggling with both.If you are in Las Vegas and are looking for live music/and some dancing (though limited) but don't want to pay a high cover fee or get stuck in an overcrowded place, maybe you should give Indigo Lounge a chance.
3	Indigo Lounge lured me in with it's live Band : JAM, belting out the latest hip hop songs. Later in the night around midnight they switched to some older songs and even some 80's music. The crowd was a mix of 20-60yr olds who all liked to dance. It was highly entertaining to see all the different styles of dancing throughout each generation. They now have a 2 drink minimum, which is totally worth it if you go a little earlier for the dance music. The band sounds great.
2	it is a hotel bar that occasionally has good cover bands. they have a two drink minimum but don't seem to steadily inforce it. they have gogo dancers some nights and it livens up the place but for vegas i've been to better "lounges". it was nice because we were staying in ballys and gaveus an oppertunity to have a drink there if we didn't feel like going "out" but overall i'd go elsewhere.
4	Usually love this place, go almost everytime we are in vegas.  Just be sure to check the band before you go.  some are definately better than others.  I love that the waitress who works here always remembers me and my fiance.  and we only go once or twice a year.  I was very impressed by that.
4	This place is fun because there is always a live band playing in the evening. So if you are looking do get your dance on like you are at a wedding, then this is it. In fact, if I was getting married (too late), then I would bring the whole wedding party by here and tell them to enjoy the reception. The only problem is that it is a cash bar (and credit or room charge too)! I hate those kind of weddings (not the band part but the cash bar part). Tables fill up fast but the room isn't closed off from the casino. You can always walk up with your own drink and enjoy the show. There are also slot machines within ear and eye shot.I love this place because it reminds me of Old Vegas. Every casino had musical acts playing in the bars and lounges. There was no cover all Vegas wanted was you to come in and spend money on your drinks. Now every casino has mega night clubs with Lines and VIP lists, Karaoke bars, and dueling pianos. So it is nice to see some original Vegas entertainment. I've seen this town change in the last 20 years, so I appreciate this lounge.Bring the whole group and grab a table. Get a few drinks and put on those dancing shoes. This is Vegas at it's best!!!
4	Taylor Hicks was preforming and the show was great from start to finish. The tickets were only $25/person. It started about 15 mins late but the band and Taylor made up for it with their talent and great showmanship. He's a great guy and shook my hand. Too bad he didn't autograph a magazine with him on the cover or take a pic with me, but I believe that he was only able to sign/take pics with the people who purchased items from him.I'm not a Taylor Hicks fan but it's worth seeing again if he's still there when I'm out in Vegas again in September.
4	The Indigo Lounge at Bally's is easy to find (if you park in Park Hotel and Casino self-park garage), roomy and there is not a bad seat in the room.  I saw Taylor Hicks perform and he was great. He has a powerful voice, live band and a nice blend of original material and great covers. The bar is easy to find and cocktail service is available.The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that while I understand merchandising is important, fans are what makes the performer and one shouldn't have to buy anything to get a photo or autograph.  It is part of the price of being a performer and everyone should be accommodated, especially if they purchased VIP tickes.
5	GO SEE TAYLOR HICKS if you are a music fan! He is energetic, entertaining and original! There are some true musicians left and Taylor is at ease singing, playing the harmonica (that's hard!) playing the guitar. A TRUE Musician! He also has an easy dialogue with the audience and the Indigo Room is intimate so he can respond to "shout outs." A great friendly super talented guy!! If you are in Vegas and want the Vegas showroom charm with GREAT music...see Taylor Hicks!
5	Even if you weren't an American Idol fan, you owe it to yourself to go see Taylor Hicks show at Bally's! Extremely high energy, great band, songs from country to pop and all done very well! Highly recommended!!!!
2	Definitely caters to a particular crowd. If you are in your 40's and want a place to hangout and not get too vegas-craaaazy than this would be your place. Went here for my moms 40th bday and thats just what I got from what I saw. Drinks are about $12 bucks a piece too. Yucky. It did get a little rowdier at night, but definitely doesn't cater towards the 20 something crowd.
4	A great place in Ballys to watch live bands, have a drink, dance and some people watching. The Indigo lounge could use some updating as well as the rest of the casino. But the entertainment and fun crowd make up for it.
4	Great performers and good music. It is a two drink minimum, but that is pretty much the standard anywhere anymore. The crowd is fun and the older people get crazy up on the dance floor here. It always draws an audience from beyond the joint from the casino floor. Another cool thing is that the music can be heard in the casino as well.
5	Loud music draws you to the Indigo Lounge. When you hear the great singers and see that there is plenty of dance floor space you bring your cheap drinks inside. It is a great venue. I had a fantastic time whether inside or just outside listening to the music.
4	Wow, I had an awesome time here enjoying the amazing live singers! This place has an older crowd, but I'm down with that. Sometimes you just want to hear some live music, you know what I'm saying? Some of these people sing the latest hits too so it's not all old music. This one filipino chick can ssssssaaaannng though. She was busting Mary J. Blige's song and it was great. I didn't drink here, but the waitress girl said that it was a 2 drink minimum per person..which is fine.. I ordered my first drink (I was going dry that night so I got a shirley temple (4.25)) and I gave her my debit card thinking she'll just have an open tab... weird thing is, she came by and gave me my check... WTH? I thought it was a 2 drink minimum - since she made it very, VERY clear to us that it was...per person. I...just didn't get it. Anyways, I had a good time. The little lounge is open to the casino so you can sit at a slot machine and enjoy the music too. I just love this little place because the energy is HIGH. There are people of all ages here and they ALL get down on the dance floor. from this olllllllld couple that's around late 60's salsa dancing to girls like us who were on the 23-26 age range- fun was had by all.
3	New lounge open at Bally's. Had some drinks with friends. Comfortable atmosphere with comfy couches and a DJ to boot!
1	I waites 25 min geting ignored as he took me walk ups costing him 4 shoot sales a tip and this review learn to run your bar this is vegas not Idaho
3	This is an a-ok bar / lounge space in Bally's. It's not really separate from the casino area, so you get all the people watching (always a plus) and slot machine noises (not so plus-worthy when it's competing with a DJ). In an attempt to be cool and hip, there's a DJ that spins. And there will be some drunk people that will dance. I'm pretty sure you can drop a small fortune on a reserved table if you were uber-concerned about getting a particular tiny table to sit at. But that's really all uncalled for as this is pretty much just a lobby bar / center bar place. It's like the Heart Bar in Planet Hollywood, but smaller. This is definitely not a place to go out of your way to visit. There's just, frankly, nothing noteworthy or special trip about it. But, if you're hanging at Bally's for other reasons, and have a hankering for a cocktail or a loud DJ or an overpriced drink, you should come here. The cocktail list was alright. There are far better cocktails to be had elsewhere. But again, if you're already at Bally's, this bar should meet your drinking needs just fun.
