4	Been using the Dutch Girls dry cleaning and sewing services for a few years now and they have never let me down!  Personal, professional and timely service every time!  Sure there is cheaper places to go, but if good service is what you need they are your girls!
1	I've used Dutch Girls off and on for years. They were always great to deal with but I think they must have sold because the new counter person is not someone you'd choose to interface with the public. I can't say for sure but I strongly suspect that they failed to send out a leather jacket I left for dry cleaning meaning they may have charged me for something they didn't do. That would never have happened with the prior owner. In the meantime, the quality at the laundry at Thunderbird and 40th Street has come up substantially and they're much cheaper so I don't see a reason to go back to Dutch Girls.
4	Quick, helpful, and clean  what else do you want?
1	I have been going to this Dry Cleaner on and off for like 20 years. I have always loved going to them in the past because they do a nice job. Now, the girl at the front is really rude every time I'm in there. Plus, I think two really beautiful buttons on my suit came off from there, and they ruined this jumpsuit that I own. I'm really upset about the ruined clothes. I don't think I will be returning.
1	I was using this cleaner for a few months, but not really sure why. The staff is rude and even worse, they jacked up my clothes. I asked for some repairs on two pairs of suit pants. Instead of fixing them, they sliced the butt of one of the pants and did not repair the other, while still charging me. Stupid me for not checking them before paying and going home. I don't trust them to fix it so I took them elsewhere. WILL NOT BE GOING BACK.
1	Do not go here!!! They ruined my mattress pad that I have previously gotten dry cleaned at another cleaners no problem. It was shrunk and holes in it! I took it to the manager and he said oh yes we have problems with this manufacturer. A bunch of bull!!!! If you want your stuff ruined go here.
