5	Sooooo good, that I had to add them on yelp and write this!!!! Hubby and I just got back from Texas and we were missing the BBQ, and by coincidence this was right by the house so we decided to come in. Holy cow! Everything was delicious. We ordered their brisket and it was soft and most, and super flavorful! All three of their sauces were over the top and their sides were great! I better start hitting the gym because I'll be here too often!!! :P
3	The meat is bbq less. Who wants to add sauce to their own bbq...not me. It was 3 star worthy. The fries & beans were just ok. Will I return maybe.
3	I went there surprised that they were finally open, I had the pulled pork, brisket, and spicy sausage along with baked beans, and mac n cheese and a sweet tea. The sweet tea was good, sweet and tea lol! But it was well brewed and not bitter tasting at all. The pulled pork was great! Smokey, tender, and juicy. It was excellent with any of their sauces. The spicy sausage was also good, lots of flavor and great texture! Onto the brisket, as our first time here it was a given for me to try the brisket, it was everything a good brisket should be except it was chopped/shredded and I could tell it had a nice smoke ring, tender, and flavor was there. When we sat down and were eating we overheard the servers give another customer the option to have their brisket chopped or sliced.  We were surprised as we told them it was our first time there and we were not given any option. I would have preferred sliced as that is what I prefer personally,  I would have appreciated the option as I didn't know there was one. So for your info if you dont get an option for the brisket you can just ask for your preferred cut. The mac n cheese was good, mac and cheesy goodness. The baked beans was also good but I had 75% liquid and 25% beans. I would have liked more beans. The dinner roll/biscuit on the other hand is just down right awesome. I would come here again just for that and the ice cream lol! I will be going here again as they do have flavorful and good barbeque I may have just gotten someone's off day.
4	I was surprised that I actually liked it. I'm pretty particular about bbq being from the south. My husband and I were there for a late lunch during the week . We were greeted promptly and our food came out fairly quickly as well. I had the pulled pork sandwich with fried okra and onion fries (I think that's the name). They were all good too me. I personally like to add my own sause so I was okay with it not being smothered already. My husband had the brisket with Mac and cheese and green beans. He liked everything except the green beans. I'm a sweet tea junkie so when I'm pretty picky with that too. It was soo good and they have fun shaved ice...can't beat that. They have free ice cream cones if you want them, but we were too full. We liked it. Hubby has been back already...lol. it's nice to have something different and good in the neighborhood. Please keep in mind it's fast food bbq, so don't go crazy with wild over the top expectations. Try it and see, you may be pleasantly surprised...we were.
1	Ordered take out and it was 20 minutes late.  Understandable with as busy as they were one table was filled with no food on the table just empty containers watching the World Series.  I assume they had been there a while.  Fried okra very small portion, nothing to rave about.  But they have a good ceaser salad, again very small.The meat the pulled pork was actually shredded which I appreciate.  Just a little dry, very little smoke.  The chopped brisket was really dry, not quite leathery but close.  Again where is the smoke?  Okay marinated chicken is gonna make up for it.  The marinade shined through the absent smoke ring and again where is the smoke.  They had a smoker in there it must be broken.Nothing made me even want to give this place another shot.
1	We were so excited when this finally opened as we go to Geisha House (next door) quite frequently.  Live very close  and are always looking for food options.  Well....the excitement was deflated the moment we stepped in this location.  We ordered a 65.00 order for take out. We had family in town from Ohio and was hoping this was the best option for all of us.   I did this online at 3 pm.  Requested pick up to be 6pm.  We arrived at 5:50 pm.  Stood at the register for literally 5 minutes before we were even greeted.  Not a "hello, welcome"?  The Manager saw us and seemed surprised that we had not been greeted.  There was a young gentleman working that was very apologetic and qutie pleasant.  Wish I could say the same for the Manager.  Told him we were there to pick up our order.  After leaving for several minutes, he returned to say they were out of chicken which I ordered.  Out of chicken?  Well...come to find out, he informed us that a large party came in earlier and whiped him out.   Wow.  So, we said to him, basically you gave away our order?  He offered another meat choice.  But of course, that would be expected.  Seeing as we had no choice, we opted for the turkey (which was underwhelming at the least).  He also "threw" in another meat choice.  I would have much rather had the chicken we ordered 3  hours previous, but that is what he offered.  Actually, would have much rather received a discount off of our meal or at the very least a gift certificate to try to get us to return.  Well, that will not be happening, sorry to say.   I am in customer service and have been for many years, and this experience has to rate up there with the worst.  Can you imagine going to pick up your pizza and they say "sorry, we gave your pizza to someone else, but we have this for you!"  Have to say this is the first time we have ever experienced this in our lives.  Just had to laugh at this point.  Food was ok.  Not great, not terrible.  Hope they get it together or they will fail miserably.
3	So I've come here probably 7-8 times since it's opened. The food is actually pretty good. the service is whatever, and the portions well....yeah... I'll get to that..For the food itself there are no major issues. The food is consistency tasty, the sauce is a pretty good addition, and the sides (I usually do fries or onion tanglers) are a delicious addition to the menu.  I have no qualms with the quality of the food.The service is probably on par with fast food. You know there's orders from on top to greet everyone, etc, have dedicated signs of where to go, but this location just doesn't really welcome it well by physical design. You come in to a wall which obfuscates vision, and puts a lot of standing room, that doesn't really facilitate customer service. All of the places previously here (Shanes, Hog's Heaven, etc) All had cash registers right as you walked in, and it was a better service model. The building is planned for the other door (That leads to a patio that nobody EVER uses), that can only be reached to on foot, and it just doesn't facilitate anything well. The best bet would be to try and expand the store since it the building very narrow and hard to move around in. My last issue with this restaurant is the portions. They are so inconsistent I never know what to order.  I tend to get the 3 meat platter since I am a 1 meal a day person, and yet sometimes I've ordered the smaller meat plates and gotten the same amount of food. I've ordered 3 times this last week alone and one day I've gotten a plastic container full of fries and a few small slices of chicken, I've gotten a plastic container full of chicken and just a paper container of like 10 fries, and one of the 1 meat plates that got me somewhere in the middle.I feel like I should just order the smaller portion and hope that fate decides to give me enough that I would consider enough food, but I tend to order the 3 meat given the difference is only about $1.50. I wish they could standardize this so I could standardize my order.My only Nit-picks are I wish this place had different deals. You can get free Ice Cream, and kids can eat free on Sunday for Dine-In. You can also get a free drink for signing up for their email club. I honestly wish there were deals to lower the cost of the food, as my order for 1 can be $10-14 (Again depending on the portion size gamble), as I can get 2 orders of Canes for that price. Dickey's being a chain that has some grounding here in Vegas probably fares better than the two places picking it as their first location, but there are some issues that it needs to address before it can cement itself into the landscape of the area. It's the 3rd or 4th restaurant that has gone in to that location, and it'd be a shame to see a 5th there someday. My review really puts it at a 3.5/5 not just a 3, but I couldn't justify giving it a 4 with such glaring issues. The only way it could really get to a 5 would be fixing those issues and lowering it's prices, but hey I'm willing to pay for good food, hence my last 7 visits there.
5	New location and the question is great.  Brisket is perfectly smoked, pulled pork melts on your mouth and the green beans with bacon rock! !!
5	Just strolled in there today. Been meaning to try and WOW this is good (Las Vegas) barbque. Good job John! We will be back soon!
1	The food is not prepared fresh.  I ordered a full rack of ribs and they were obviously from different slabs of meat.  Some were ok most were dried out.  The ribs were too salty and are already coated in sauce you can not get them dry.  For sides I had the baked beans which were mushy and bland, and the green beans that tasted as if they were canned and from days ago.  A huge disappointment.
5	Rating five stars for the excellent customer service we received here a few days ago. A guy named John took our order. He was super helpful in helping us pick something from the menu and even made it a point to come by our table and ask us how the food was. I got the potato with pulled pork and onion stray thingys and my bf got a pulled pork sandwich with a side of brisket. I LOVED the potato, you would think a BBQ baked potato would be kinda awkward with BBQ sauce but I thoroughly enjoyed it. One of the best baked potatoes I have had. And it was HUGE! In usual fashion, the bf helped me finish it after he finished his plate. We have been to this location twice since it opened. Both times have received great customer service and some pretty tasty food. My only qualm is that it is a bit pricey for the portion size. However I think the customer service we received makes up for that.
5	GREAT BBQ!!!  Great smoke!!  Portions are fair for the price.  Visited many times.  Will continue to be a regular customer.  The review of their take out was shortly after they opened..  Give them a chance.  They have continued to improve as their staff has become more experienced.  Have been to numerous BBQ restaurants in the valley.. This Dickeys is right there with the best!!  Yummy!!!
