4	Had it not been for the guy that was working there this Saturday, we would be out of a vehicle and in deep sh&t.  There was much confusion in the office mostly apparently because of a Vinnie that wasn't even there.  Apparently Vinnie takes reservations but with not enough information (such as "this customer needs a minivan").  A few other people in there were also having isssues.  Had it not been for this Saturday guy (wish I knew his name), no one would have had a vehicle.  He did the best he could with what he had and managed to make everyone there very happy.  Quite an achievement.  It seemed like an employee was put into a very stressful situation because of another employee.  Thank goodness we got what we needed.
3	Severely understaffed.
3	Staff are nice, but because there are so few cars there I was taken way up past Lone Mountain to get my car from a different location.  I had booked at least a week earlier.  For the inconvenience they upgraded the car. Manager Vinnie did a nice job. I'd come back if I didn't have to worry about whether they'd have a car for me.
3	After a car accident in Utah just over a week ago I was in need of a car rental while my car was getting repaired. This location is near my house which is why I chose it. I reserved the car online for pick up. They open at 8:00 am Mon-Fri and 9:00 am Saturday so I recommend scheduling your pick up for that time if you can because they have very few cars on site. Luckily I was first to be helped so I got my rental but others had to wait until more vehicles could be brought from another location. The woman who helped me was friendly and courteous after I told I wouldn't tolerate her being rude or hurrying me along like she had been. When I made the reservation online it said nothing about what I needed to bring in person. Obviously you need to have your drivers licence but you also need a current utility bill showing the address matches what is on your DL. I don't know how many people usually carry their utility bills in the car because I pay mine online. After finally getting a copy of my power bill to them all was fine. The car ran good and would rent from this place again if I had to.  *Have your drivers license and a current utility bill with matching addresses on them.*If you book for longer then 5 days you get a discount.*I was also told they keep the top 2% of their vehicles with low mileage to sell and anybody can walk in or call for details on cars they currently have for sale.
5	Very friendly staff. Great personal service. I needed a minivan. They offered a journey but the inside height was not tall enough for items I was transporting  They drove to another location to bring a minivan back. The went the extra mile to help me get what I needed.
3	Staff was awesome.  I didn't have my id on me and they gave me a ride to my home so I could get it and stayed open a little later to do my contact.  Car was not the best...it smelled like sweat. But they picked me up from my work and dropped me back. Prices were a bit more then I usually pay but oh wells.
4	About a month ago my family discussed going to Zion National Park for a day.  The problem was there was to be six of us and all of our cars only seat five.  So the solution was to rent a van that could hold us all and split the cost.  So last Wednesday I found myself at Enterprise and ready to head to Zion in a minivan.  Ugh, a minivan.  That is just what a 30 year old single man with no kids wants to be seen in.  It actually tunred out to be a nice vehicle.  A new Dodge Grand Caravan.  But nevermind that now.  Enterprise ensured that I would have it though I had to wait a spell.  They had two vans to use.  One of which was scheduled for routine maintenance.  They took the wrong one and had to bring it back to for my use of it.  They were apologetic and tried to make the most of the slight delay of about 20 minutes.  It was not long before my dad and I found outselves talking to the customer service lady about the park.  She was giving us pointers on where to go and what to see when we got there at she herself had just been there a couple of weeks prior.  Soon enough we were on the road and prepared to see the natural wonder for ourselves.  The next morning I dropped off the van and business was completed.  It was not a bad experience and probably one of the most friendly I have had when dealing with a rental car place.
5	Such friendly staff . They ask if you want to add extra insurance but don't harass you to get it . Like at other places I have been to . If I rent a car again , this is definitely the place I would come back to .
3	Staff was friendly and professional, but they have a very limited fleet of vehicles to choose from. We reserved a sedan online, similar to a Toyota Camry. The lady at the counter stated that they currently did not have a sedan available, but she will "upgrade" us to a small Chevy SUV. Unfortunately, the SUV that she "upgraded" us to did not have a wireless remote key fob, meaning that we had to manually lock and unlock the doors with the key. I don't mean to sound high maintenance, but I felt that we were given a vehicle that was below the standards that we had paid for. We asked them if they had any other car that we could use, but they said that they only had that one SUV at the moment. This location is also closed on Sundays, which is especially inconvenient for weekend travelers. If you are planning to return your car on a Sunday, it would be best to rent a car from the airport.
1	This place has friendly staff but they are woefully understaffed and unorganized. This is my 3rd time renting and it's takes longer to get a car each time. This time I've been here an hour!
1	This place is confusing and the employees do not communicate with each-other. If i could give them zero i would. I rent with Enterprise all the time but had problems both times with a girl named Carly. All I can say is make sure and tell them twice so when they cancel your reservation at the last minute, or give you a car you don't want or need at least they will remember when trying to fix all their bad mistakes!
5	These people here are amazing! Ask for Doug Wheeler, he provided outstanding customer service. Will do business again.
5	Small office that has consistently gone above and beyond. I was seeking a specific car and Doug went and personally delivered it to me which took him well over an hour out of his day just to make sure I was happy.  Customer service like this is rare!
1	I have dealt with this particular location on two different occasions. The first time was pretty good: average customer service. No issues. It was actually the first time I had ever dealt with Enterprise & there were no issues. Then I had used them again, for a 3 day weekend. I saw an online offer, which was $60 for the 3 days. Since I thought this deal was too good to be true, I called the location to verify the offer. The young lady I spoke with said the only "catch" was that I had to keep it for the full 3 days. That's it?? So I was elated that it was a fraction of the price other competitors offered. I had called others like Hertz and Avis. Avis was slightly higher by maybe $50. Hertz was a lot higher (I forget how much). Both also offered complimentary pick up/drop off as well, but since this location was within walking distance and CHEAPER, I chose them. I walked there, waited for my vehicle (a disappointing gas guzzler truck) and again a young lady explained to me my "deal". I had even mentioned that I was going out of state to San Diego for the weekend and how excited I was. She didn't say anything. Fast forward to turning in my vehicle and I was hit with $200+ of hidden fees (per mile charge)! I was BEYOND infuriated!!! I thought I had been so thorough in asking the right questions,  giving as much info as I could. After all, if there were additional fees then SURELY they would exercise ethics and inform me accordingly. Had they of done this I would have went ahead with Avis instead. Some people today, with absolutely no regard to their business or their consumers, will do ANYTHING to make a buck and Enterprise is no different. I'm sure they get goaled to book as many people as possible and could care less with what they put their customers through. I was thoroughly disgusted with Enterprise and will tell all of my family, friends and co workers not to deal with Enterprise on ANY level. There are too many companies out there that offer the exact same thing, who aren't deceptive. Don't waste your time here.
1	I needed a car rental for 3 days so I called them and asked if they would price match a competitor.  The person I spoke with said absolutely not as they can't have people "going around making up prices on the Internet".  He stated he had been working at the company 5 years and they never match prices.  I said that was strange since from previous Enterprise rental experiences in California they had no problem matching prices.  I asked him for a 3 day rate and he quoted me $44/day when I had found $28/day for this location from the Enterprise website.  Now who is making up prices?  Lol this place is a JOKE.  Take your business elsewhere.  Staff is clueless, customer service leaves much to be desired, and prices are cheaper at other companies.
1	I rented an SUV for 3 days and was quoted 312.76, upon return of the vehicle today I was told I owed 485.12 and asked why?  The young lady asked if I took out insurance and I told her no; I have my own coverage.  The young lady said I was charged for insurance and they would have to investigate further and would get back with me, which I firmly responded I want this resolved now.  Since I didn't  have my original contract with me she had to look it up, which she did and found I did not take out insurance and the price of 312.76 was correct even though their computers said something different.  As she was finalizing my invoice I made a comment "If I had not said anything I would have been charged for insurance an additional 100.00 plus dollars.  Now here is where the stars start fading....the manager Douglas who was helping another client was obviously tuned in to what was going on and asked the young lady to trade clients so he could finish with me.  He then proceeded to spout....."I heard what you said, and are you implying we would charge you for something you did not request, we are not that kind of company and would never do that."  My response was if I had paid it and not challenged the charge you most definitely would have taken the money end of story.  After a few minutes of disbelief how Douglas the manager was bantering and being cocky to "me" the customer; I told  him to "shush" and stop talking, he was making this situation worse.  His response was to mock me...very professional for a manager!  Had he simply said I am sorry about the mistake I would not be sitting here writing this negative review.  Oh and just for the record...when I picked up the vehicle it had less than an 1/8 tank of gas; I was to be compensated for the difference when it was returned but was not.  This was my first experience with Enterprise and even though it is very convenient with a manager like Douglas who went out of his way to make this issue worse, I can't say I will be back or refer clients/friends to this location.
4	The location is so close to home and the staff was extremely friendly. Even though they were very busy since they did not have the car I needed they drove me to the nearest location to pick up the car I needed. They also offered to drive me home when I dropped the car off.
