3	The location of Palm Beach Tan has friendly, helpful staff. The facilities are clean. I wish they would wipe down (or Swiffer or whatever...) the floors a little more frequently throughout the day, but generally speaking the tanning rooms and beds are clean. Nice beds (including two standing ) and good Mystic booth.
4	I used Palm Beach as my regular tanning spot when I lived in Chicago, and I still have yet to find a tanning salong that comes close to this chain.  The beds & facilities are extremely clean and very affordable.  The only downside is they only have packages that are monthly unlimited versus minutes to use on an as needed basis and the lotions can be a bit on the pricey side.  The Rainbow Blvd. location in Las Vegas has a great staff; unfortunately the salon gets REALLY busy around the 5:00 pm hour, which is to be expected around Spring Break time, but sometimes the girls working can get a little frazzled and forget to put you through the system.
4	I am a huge fan of this place. I think I pay $38 a month for unlimited tanning in a level 2 bed. This includes stand-up and lay down. I like the stand-up, the bed is much more powerful vs. the lay-down. They have a great spray tan booth as well, its heated and isn't cold! I wish the salon was a little less busy around 5PM, but other than that, its great.
4	Friendly staff and pretty good beds.  I used the Mystic booth in conjunction with a regular bed.  They sold me on some aloe-type lotion to use before the Mystic bed that's supposed to even out the tan and prevent unsightly peeling.  Sadly, they didn't have any left to sell me so the girl at the counter let me use the sample/employee tube.  Super nice of her!  It worked really well and I will definitely purchase it the next time I go in.  The beds were clean and it was pretty affordable.  I will definitely go back to Palm Beach the next time I need some color!
5	This salon is one of the cleanest and well kept up salon I've been to in a while unlike this body heat down the road it was gross and employees were rude. At palm beach The staff is super nice and knowledgable with everything including beds and lotions. There Also super cheep like 79  unlimited with NO contracts is a big+++Won't go anywhere else
4	Palm Beach Tan is a very clean tanning establishment in a convenient location. The beds are always clean, the staff are always helpful, and it never seems to be too busy. The prices are great. I use this facility to keep my tan up in winter, and also to boost it during summer. If I could list one fault with this place, it would be that the staff CONSTANTLY try to sell you things. Every single time I go in there, without question, they will try and sell me lotion, after care lotions or try and get me on the next level package. This can become frustrating when you are wanting to just quickly pop in, get your tan on, and pop out.
2	The people that work here are experienced hustlers! Yes, the place is nice...BUT, way, way over priced! They try and sell you on something you don't need. Im buying a tan not a house, chill out. I didn't agree to paying some ridiculous price and the broad at the counter had her manager come over and try to convince me into it. I was not having it.
5	I know it's Vegas...and we don't need any fake tanning, but the thing is that I don't like lines and this is not Europe...Stuff, always happy and helphul, well, most of the times any way, but nobodys perfect, well, maybe you'll be after tanning:)Great locations as well, Henderson, Boca Park, Topicana, Rainbow village , I'm sure y can fined the one near you! Their offer for members, Tan-A-Friend Thursday, it's a great present for your friends, and not only that, but if they decide to sign up you credit as well! Give it a try, I know I'll bring my girlfriends every Thursday !
1	I could not agree more with Tiffany Z! This place is full of professional hustlers! They will try to sell/charge you anything to make as much as they can!!!! Staff are very lazy and rude!!! I'm glad I'm canceling my membership!!!
5	I've been going to Palm Beach Tan for over 3 years and I must say I will never go anywhere else. I have always been treated with a warm friendly greeting and cheerful smile by the staff. They know who I am when I walk in the door and know what I like. I am impressed by the fact the staff understands and is informed about not just the tanning beds (They have tons to choose from and will recommend which is best for you)  but the products as well. They always let you know if you have any discounts that can be used towards products to help with costs. They also want to be sure you get the most for your dollar. I have not tried the spray tans yet, but plan on soon. The manager is great and works very hard. He's always working when I go tanning and is always friendly, professional and charming. I could only wish to have a staff as hard working as the people here. I would recommend this particular tanning salon for anyone who wants an amazing tan and tanning experience.
1	This place offers monthly tanning packages. I signed up for the month of May. I stopped going and no one charged me anything, then I came back in November. They still charged my credit card for December which I didn't use.They are refusing to refund my money because they claim to have my signature on file. No document was printed or explained to me. The manager who signed me up back in May only displayed an electronic screen where I needed to sign for my service in May. So basically, that signature was for a contract which apparently I have never seen, part of which was that I needed to cancel my membership by the 25th of the month or it will automatically renew. The manager I spoke to in December regarding those charges was rude said that she remembers going over the contract with me in November (which they didn't) and then implicitly called me a liar when I said that they didn't. Corporate customer service would not acknowledge that there has been a mistake somewhere and keeps on repeating that my signature on file is why they will not refund my money. She specifically said that I should have paid more attention to what I was signing which is so demeaning because when I signed up I was told to sign a screen to acknowledge that I my tanning sessions would be at least 24 hours apart and nothing about the cancellation policy was mentioned... and this just shatters any respect that I had for their ethics.I had to call and ask for alternatives and that was when they offered that I use the money towards a "free" month of tanning in the future, mind you it won't be "free" because I have already been charged for December whether I wanted it or not. Anyone who has been in my shoes would be too disgusted to go back...
1	I got an automated message from Penelope M dated 6/5/2013.... I tried replying to it but it won't go through...
5	Ive had a membership there now for about two years and I absolutely love it! All of the employees are professional and very nice and the versa pro spray tan is the best! Two thumbs up!
3	The customer service is below par. Every time I go in there all the employees are either unfriendly or super fake. They also are never polite. I'm overly nice just to see if maybe they could still try to be a little more friendly but no luck after 2 months. Also... I started bringing my own goggles and towel because I know for a fact that at least 4 or times they do did not clean sanitize and spray the beds eww!I'm always trying to give businesses at least a couple tries to prove me wrong but...the staff is horrible and are very unprofessionl. They should not be talking about customers and should not be standing all at the front of the store doing nothing gabbing when they obviously should be cleaning or spraying down the spray machines. The beds break down often and the spray machines as well. The manager should be telling her young unprofessional staff to only be at the front to serve the customer. Not have more than 3 staff members at the front because it's so crowded, to genuinely greet customers, and when spraying down the bed, SPRAY THE WHOLE ENTIRE BED!!THEY ONLY SPRAY part of the bed I started checking after I realized they are in such a hurry they half a** it. I wish they were faster on checking me in as well. Maybe they could speed up the process smile and clean more. Honestly do you really think it's rocket science to know how to be nice and smile, or clean an entire surface?? The owner is obviously not regulating who they hire for minimum wage
1	This review is location specific. I am actually a huge fan of Palm Beach tan and their services at the Charleston location. However, when I was in Henderson with a friend, of whom I referred to Palm Beach, the customer service was so absolutely appalling. The girl at the front that was "helping" me ( either Katie or Kaitlin?) was so unbelievably rude from the moment I walked in. After throwing a ridiculous attitude with me about where to buy a lotion, she set up my bed for me to tan. After going to the room and applying my lotion, the bed never started. I went out to the front to let her know. Instead of being efficient and remedying the situation by sending me to the other open room, she just sat there silently messing with the computer. After several minutes, she then just said " it froze." Okaaayy.. Well now that I have wasted my lotion and my friend will be DONE tanning in about 3 minutes since this has all taken a ridiculous amount of time, I told her that I will skip the tan. This girl did put in a free upgrade for the inconvenience, which I do appreciate considering I didn't ask for compensation, but she was so nasty about giving it to me that I felt bad for receiving it.Look, I spend money here on both services and lotions, not to mention I have referred several people, there was no reason for that treatment. If this had been the salon that I had initially walked into for signing up, I would have walked out. This girl was also really nasty to several other customers that came in after me. Palm Beach needs to take the initiative in customer service training or something. This was a horrible experience.
1	I just had the worst experience going to Palm Beach tan the girl that work there Katlyn would not tell me about the specials and coupons they had going on she was very rude when I asked her questions and did not want to be bothered. Never coming back. My cousin (who has a membership) told me to go because they had a special for 1 free spray tan for first time users. The girl that told her about it said to just come in and ask for it. Headed to body heat tanning.
3	Palm Beach Tan was simply put, A-OK.I decided to give them a try since there was a coupon for 4 free tans on a level 1 bed. This coupon was for new members only and the 4 free tans must be used within a seven day period.Tanning facilities were fresh and clean. Never had to wait for a room. Always quick and easy.So why 3 stars?-It's $40-50 for a ONE MONTH UNLIMITED LEVEL 1 tanning package with a $20 start-up fee. Start up fee??? Umm...what is this? A gym? Why? Other tanning salons don't have this start-up fee. So no thank you.-One of the tanning bulb was burnt-out. After my session I went and let the receptionist know. Today was my last day tanning with them and when I asked if the bulb was fixed yet, they checked and said no. And this is the ONLY level one bed they have. Such a disappointment. So I had to use their level 1 stand up booth.
5	Tried out the versa spa pro and loved it!! Kaitlyn at the front desk was also super helpful!
5	I have been going here for a few months...Im giving it 5 stars for customer service for the few who have been so kind...however I wish some of the girls would smile more, it makes me feel uncomfortable when i walk into a place that takes so much of my money and the employees don't look like they enjoy their job. They work really hard to clean the beds constantly i give them 5 stars for cleanlinessi have yet to see any major results on my tan but Im hopeful. There are some really sweet people who work there but like i said i wish some of the others would be more welcoming.It kind of ruins it for the few there who work so hard and are so helpful patient and kind.I wish the almost 200 dollar lotion would give me more results...i will re rate later on based on what this lotion does for me....i am going to be positiveI like how they offer nose filters for the spray tans....however the bottle of barrier cream pump never works and ive asked them to replace it 3 times because thats kinda gross to think of 40 other ppl dipping their fingers in and out of the same lotion....either way its gross and not sanitary at all...Im not a stickler or OCD clean but I own a hair salon and its so important not to spread skin infections and other things around through mishaps like that....so i just hope in the future they could be more attentive its so important to keep facilities clean...But I want to say theres this yong brunette girl with long hair always wearing a blue shirt running around cleaning and working hard and it seems like she does her job well. I want her to know i appreciate all the hard work.And the assistant manager who is the only male employee has always been so kind and smiles, its nice to walk in there and be greeted warmly and so genuinely. A lot of people should do the same. There are a few other girls im not sure their names but have been very helpful....so im going to give it the top rating for now....i just hope that the customer service gets a tad stronger im a stickler for that
1	I came in around 7 pm and was on an important call I couldn't hang up on but the girls were starring at me for a few minutes so after a lady came out of my preferred bed I informed her that's the bed I was waiting for. The girl with red wavy hair with 3 inch roots said it's taken so I replied she just came out, she then  rolled her eyes and asked me for my information. A little taken back by the blatant disrespect I sat down.  she rudely said I need your finger print so I got up and did the finger print then she giggled to the other girls behind the counter. I waited for 5 minutes after the bed was cleaned while she talked to the girls. Needless to say  I'm taking my diamond package to body heat. Horrible environment and service
4	I have been coming in since the level 2 stand ups everywhere else have been inoperative.  The staff is friendly, eager to assist and cheerful.
1	Cancelled my membership today! Noelle at the front desk was horribly rude and unprofessional! I have a call into corporate and the manager was told to call me. Well maybe not. Either way I WILL be compensated. And if they were smart they would get rid of Noelle before they lose more business!
