5	We started service with Poo Snatchers via a Yelp special last month and couldn't be happier.  I have 2 small dogs and chose the once a week/2 dog service.  Set up was super easy and office staff was friendly and helpful.  I was given the choice of 2 different days of the week that would work best for me.  At the end of the month, I received a follow up call to see if I was happy with the service.  Even without the special, the plans are very reasonable and I chose to continue my service since I am so pleased.The service itself:  I receive a text every week that Poo Snatchers are on the way on my designated day.  They come early in the morning.  The "Snatchers" are quick, efficient, and thorough.  My dogs create a lot of poo and I've never seen anything left behind on Poo Snatcher day.  They are almost like ghosts... in, out, and done with no fuss.  I am very happy with this service and would highly recommend it, especially with the coming summer heat.  If you don't want to do it yourself, don't let your yard become a big poo frying pan.  Call Poo Snatchers!
5	After a rocky beginning, I have decided to edit my review of this company. I heard from them and they were having some issues and could not contact me. They promised this would not occur again and offered to make the problem right. We had our first service today and the cleaner was extremely nice and did a fantastic job. We are very happy to have our back yard back. I am happy to say that they definitely deserve five stars and will continue to service our pet waste removal needs in the future. I would highly recommend their services.
5	I've  been using Poo Snatchers weekly for over a year now, and they are always prompt and courteous.  I asked that they call first so I can make sure the dogs are all inside and they always do. I haven't had the gate left open even once, something I wish I could say about everybody who visits our backyard. It's great not having to pick up the dog poop myself!
5	Best Poo service in Vegas. Always on time and thorough. A+ recommend.
1	Stay away from them. Unprofessional,Management and staff do not communicate. They charged me $140 to do a one time clean up and  did not even half of it due to time. They were due back didn't come back  until I called over and over again. I was in unsatisfied with the job and I tried to contact them and we went back and forth regarding a refund and discount and the owner hasn't bothered to respond to me in over a week via text. I cannot get over how pathetic this business is ran and how unprofessional the mgmt and staff are. Just blown away with how awful they are.
