5	i was so frustrated with other cleaning services. they were horrible! by the time i called CSI, i did not expect much. to my surprise , from the moment i spoke to Jasmine to set up appt , i knew this company is the best choice for top quality work. they cleaning techs arrived ON TIME, with tons of their own equipment , and worked swiftly without any complaints. the two ladies (Kelly and Amanda)obviously had many years of experience working with various types of materials and how chemicals react with them. the attention to detail, efficiency of their movements, and the professionalism of their attitudes took me by total surprise. they did not try to shorten my time or over bill me. i work graveyard shift in local ER and i had to sleep while they worked very hard delivering a fabulously cleaned home and a smile too! what would normally take any other service 3-4 hours to complete, due to their superb organizational skills and team work , they finished in 2.5 hours! saved me money and gave my family a clean environment to enjoy! they are my angels!
1	WOWWWWWWW Did i really get screwed by CSI cleanersOk so I'm moving out of my apartment on Saturday and i need to schedule 3 things , Movers, Cleaners, and Carpet Cleaning , so i get my movers set for 830 am ( i don't have much to move ) i call CSI and get an appointment for 10 am , and i call the carpet cleaners and get them scheduled for 130pm. all seems to go well until Saturday at 9:55 am when i get a call form CSI Cleaners saying they are running late at one of their houses and cant get to my place till later , now when i think of later i think ok an hour will be ok but NOOOOOOOO they say they cant get over to my place until 4 or 5 pm !!! WTF CSI, this totally screwed my day as i couldnt find another cleaner on such short notice and had to get it done before 130 pm so i could get the carpet cleaners all up and in and finish it off !! DO NOT USE CSI unless you want to gamble with them if they are going to show up or not !!! They were recommended by me from some friends that use them in the same highrise and after i told them what happened to me they will no longer use them either !!! So i ended up cleaning the place by myself and it taking forever , i could have easily done the day before had i known they were not going to show up on me, but no i trusted that a company would actually come and get paid and do what they are supposed to do .
1	When I first used CSI last year, I was amazed how professional they were and loved their service.  So imagine my disappointment when I used them again this year and they provided sub-par service.  First off, to be fair, they were on time. That was the best part of my experience.  I live in a small 2 bedroom house. I trusted them to clean correctly after the first time I used them so I did not diligently check on them while they were working.  Big mistake.  After they left, I found out they completely ignored my downstairs bathroom.  They also did not clean the floors in my upstairs bathroom as there was dirt left over after they left.  I have a cat.  In the living room, they did not clean the cat fur off of the furniture like they did the first time.  They also did not wipe down the controls / handles on any of the appliances. Finally, the downstairs rugs still had cat fur on them.  So those weren't cleaned as well.When I called CSI, they informed me that the cleaning people they sent out were new and asked if they could re-send them out for another cleaning to fix what they did wrong.  I said Yes, and we set aside a time.  The day before they were to come out I was called and informed they would not be able to honor the time we set.  I was also informed they would call back to reschedule.  They never did.I am okay with people making mistakes, but if you promise to rectify a situation, do so.  This shows to me what this company really thinks of its customers.
