1	STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.  Based on my prior experience at the Flamingo location, the owner contacted me through Yelp.  So today I gave this place another chance.  I didn't want to have a second bad experience at his other location but I did.   I won't give them a third try.  I called and asked the price on a specific product.  When I arrived at the store to pick up the product the marked price was different.  The employee initially said he would work with me on the price.  So not the case.  I said look,  I called and drove over here based on the price you told me on the phone like 20 minutes ago and the additional discount that accompanies it for being in the computer system.  Bottom line, they would not honor a price that he quoted and there was no confusion that I had called because he remembered talking to me on the phone.  It may have only been a couple dollars but own up to your mistakes.  It's not my fault you didn't physically check the price before quoting it.  I will never frequent this store again and would advise all others to avoid it also.  If you are looking for low price supps and better customer service look elsewhere.
5	These guys are awesome!  I get my Quercitan during the spring for my allergy relief!  Fred, the owner, is a great guy and they have bottled 8.0 ph alkaline water which tastes great and is extremely healthy for you.I'll be back again!
5	Great Staff! Helpful and friendly! Only place I will ever shop at!
5	So, I'm fairly new to Vegas and still learning my way around, stumbled into this place after dinner to pick up some protein powder and all I can say is WOW. I can't get over the friendliness of the staff and how helpful and knowledgeable these guys are. I think the actual guy "Freddie" came out and was super nice and helpful also. Not sure, he seemed to be the boss so I'm just assuming he is Freddie himself. Anyway I've been in fitness for a LONG time and I believe that these are some of the best prices I've seen. In all fairness, like I said, I'm new to Vegas so I haven't really had time to shop around and compare, but with service like this I don't need to look any further. I have stopped in a few times since I started drafting this review and have found if they don't have it the can get it and if its not something they are familiar with they will research it and see about getting it for you! I love this place!
5	I went in today with a few questions and the employees were more than knowledgeable along with plenty of patience. After finding this place any other nutrition store has competition ;]
5	great customer service! and they have pb2!!
4	Always friendly service. This location happened to be extremely busy on this visit
5	Freddie's is awesome! Great prices and friendly, knowledgable staff. They really take the time to get to know their customers. It's also a great location on your way to LVAC!
4	This place isn't huge, but they still have a good stock of stuff. Looks like a place for the weight loss/body building/fitness enthusiast. Very friendly, not overly pushy staff.
5	I was taken care of by the guy in the video with the "Freddy Knows" T shirt. He was a Pro. I automatically knew I could ask away. And I did. I was looking for pre workouts and a way to lose weight. I bought a few things and after having a office procedure done in a local doctors office, decided to get a quick protein shake. I went to their fridges where they have cold drinks and I was told by the staff that what I was buying wasn't that good and he offered me a sample and made me a shake on the house. I was so impressed with his recommendation and the taste that I bought even more stuff. This is a good store and I would go back. They look like they are growing and you want stock in this company. These guys are great. Thanks for the help. Jason
5	Went to get Allmax products, which can only be found in a couple stores in Vegas. When I walked in the two guys were quickly to greet me and I noticed there was only one other customer shopping. After walking through the isles to access all products which is a great selection of many brands I found what I was looking for. Just then one of the guys stopped by and asked if I needed and help or questions, i did not. I had checked-in upon parking and received a Free Quest Bar so I walked over to a huge variety, which they claim to have the Greatest Selection in town and certainly do! I grabbed my bar and hit the check out. The other guy quickly came over and was just a great overall guy. I told him my check-in Quest Bar and he thanked me for checking in. We briefly chatted and all was done and great. I recommend this place if you like anywhere close! Prices were overall great and cheaper than other nutrition places in town. Glad I found them!
5	This is a great store. Lot's of products to choose from, and very competitive with internet pricing. Employees are friendly and very knowledgeable.
5	Great place that I recommend all my clients to get whey protein, to pre-workouts, recovery supplements, and vitamins A through Z. Freddie is professional and a nice guy that makes everyone feel welcome!
5	Best customer service HANDS DOWN! Lower prices.. Just a bonus. Clean store, central location.. But worth the drive from any side of town. Helpful without being pushy.. Great job guys! No more meathead nutrition crush shop for me.
5	Awesome place!!! Beautiful signs and graphics on the windows!!! I love Freddie's nutrition... The pricing is amazing too... It's like getting online pricing but in the store with a friendly staff to answer any of your questions! Made my shopping experience awesome and I will be back!!! Woohooooo! I highly recommend this store for anyone!!! Thanks Freddie!!!!
5	Freddie's is conveniently located right across from the Luxury Estates International office's. We seem to always find ourselves walking there to buy things from protein shakes and quest bars, to their amazing energy drinks. The staff here is very friendly, knowledgable, and have wonderful customer service. They always have the things we need in stalk, but in the rare event that they do not, they make sure to get it in for us the very next day. This is really the place to go!
5	Great selection of protein bars.  Very friendly employees.  They offer a case discount if you buy a case of your favorite product.  They will special order something for you if you need it.  Great selection of beef jerky also.
3	Convenient  and the prices are fair
5	I don't always want to go two days without supplements while waiting for an Amazon delivery. I've shopped here twice and I'm definitely sticking with them. The staff are knowledgeable and super friendly,  and nothing is full price. Also, right across from my gym, to boot!
