4	Have you ever locked your keys in your car?  With them in the ignition?  After grocery shopping?  And you now have 6 bags of shit that's melting, including ice cream?  Yeah...I was that idiot.Thankfully, one of the workers went into their breakroom, jacked someone's hanger and finagled my car door open, and then refused money and a hug of gratitude!Not a great fan of the store itself (usually kind of messy) but I am obviously appreciative of the staff.
2	As a pretty devoted Fry's shopper, I have to say this is one of my least favorite locations. Unfortunately, it's the closest one to me, so I end up there often. It's almost always crowded, the layout is less than intuitive, and I've gotten questionable produce on more than one occasion. The employees are friendly enough, but it's just no comparison to other locations.By the looks of it outside, it seems like it would be pretty large, but once you get inside it's cramped and the selections seem limited. I suppose this is mostly things they can't change, but it's enough to make me drive a few miles out of my way to avoid it if I have the time.
4	Most Fry's that I have been to are pretty similar to one another, I am giving 4 stars because last time I went, I decided to try some food from their deli, not really expecting much. The lady at the counter was scary. Looked so mean & was quite short, but after I got home & had my first bite of chicken I could have kissed her face! it was effing good.
4	FREE CHICKEN at Fry's?  How Can you Get Yours  "if fry's marketplace is out of chicken you get a free chicken on your next visit.  Here's the story,As i walked up to get my 8 piece friend chicken at the frys on McDowell, I saw they were  out of friend chicken.  This guy comes over and says "I can't wait got get a free chicken", i was like what are you talking about?  but tell me more. He explained, "Free Chicken Guarantee, between  certain hours one can get a free chicken coupon if they don't have any ready for you.  The store manager was called and gave me us each a coupon to use later for a free 8 piece chicken.  see posted photo of coupon.There is a large sign is behind the counter that explains the simple guarantee from the CEO. don't believe, check it out yourself
1	I alway have problems here. I came in the store today with my 20 year old PREGNANT wife. We were just finding some lemon poppyseed muffins for her and we passed the liquor aisle and I wanted some beer. I go up to the register and the cashier asks for my id (understandable but hey, i'm 21.) He scans the beer and then turns to my wife and asks for her id and I'm like, she's not drinking because she is pregnant and not 21. He says he has to refuse the sale. I have gone to many stores and this has never been a problem. I say that she is pregnant many times which obviously means she will not drink it but this jerk still says no. Never again will I come here again.
4	This store is surprisingly legit. Fry's has managed to do something that no other chain has. At peaks times, they have an employee directing customers to fast check out lines so you are out in a heartbeat. Do you hear me Safeway? They have more than one lane open! Groundbreaking stuff, I know.This store has soul, good employees and good products. I routinely save a ton of money, and not just because I am a shoplifter. Just kidding.Check this place out, it's where the SoSco locals go.
4	This supermarket is awesome. It has a starbucks, huge floral, produce and bakery sections and a drive thru pharmacy and great hot and ready food to eat.They even have 3 Asian sushi chefs in there every day rolling fresh sushi. Most sushi places I go don't even have Asian sushi chefs. Frys always seems to have plenty of registers so checkout is quick. Now if only the parking lot wasn't so full always that would be perfect.
4	I've been enjoying doing my grocery shopping here because they are in the final stages of remodeling the location and making it much more appealing to be in and not worry about catching something due to how dirty it had been.I'm also a fan of how much natural & organic food choices they've brought in as well
5	I don't usually go to this Fry's, but I was running late one morning and stopped in here to get a quick breakfast and coffee from the little Starbucks kiosk by the deli. This Starbucks was better then some of the main stores I have been to. It was very clean and the girl working there was very friendly and made my drink perfectly!
3	Well, the remodel is basically complete.  They messed up the parking lot which now seems to be more confusing to patrons.The fresh-made sushi inside is cheap but doesn't follow normal sushi making (don't buy a named roll by name alone...check the ingredients and see for yourself)The produce section looks a LOT nicer and has expanded substantially.  There are a lot more fresh food options. But the prices of the stuff I normally buy (healthy prepared foods, produce, cheeses, specialty breads) are still substantially cheaper at Sprouts and Trader Joe's.  And, the employees still seem to lack motivation.  They are all friendly enough, but so freakin' slow I nearly lose my mind if I am getting something that needs to be served/packaged up by an employee.And, Kroger affiliates such as this no longer carry Sprouts of any kind.Fry's has been, and will continue to be, my last-minute-forgotten-item-while-cooking grocery store and a place to easily get my ice cream binge on.
5	This Fry's has been recently remodeled. How gorgeous! It's bright, clean and beautiful and looks well staffed!
3	Been shopping @ Frys for years, the wait @ the pharmacy SUCKS! Thought since the up grade the wait would go down. I was totally wrong..And dont get me started on the rude deli people. They look at you like (What are you doing here?)
5	Recently moved into the area and wasn't expecting much out of Fry's given my experience with it being congested, crowded, disorganized and dirty at it's Southern BLVD store. This one? AMAZING! Gorgeous, will lit, spotless and suuuper organized! LOVE the produce section and how instead of freezing out the entire store, the produce section seems to have it's own climate control system and is super well lit with natural light. I could live there.Great prices, friendly service. Love it. 5 stars.
4	I have lived in this area for 3 years now and have been going to this fry's ever since. The remodel that recently happened was much needed! It looks great now and it has many options for me since my boyfriend and I are gluten free. I have had a few fruits and vegetables go bad very quickly but besides that the food is pretty good quality for a good price.
5	This store has the most upbeat, friendly staff I have ever encountered.  I don't usually enjoy grocery shopping but with this store, it makes it a pleasant experience and it is due to their staff.  Great customer service here!!!!Big FAT Thumbs down on their pharmacy though.
5	This grocery store isn't the closest to my house, but since the great remodel, it has become my one and only grocery store. The store is huge with tons of fresh selections! They have a Starbucks, fresh made sushi (which is reasonably priced for the amount they give you), and a large fresh produce section. Basically, this is your one stop shop and can easily find anything your thinking of, no matter how uncommon. The staff is super friendly and make checking out fast! Plus, there is always a register without a line or they quickly realize a line growing and open up a new register to get me on my way.
1	I won't go back to this Fry's until they fire that disrespectful checkout Lady named Liz who worked at 10pm on 4/26/2014. I'm writing a letter to headquarters to ask them to fire this woman and to hire respectful checkout ladies who treat their customers with respect, friendliness and professionalism. I am going to go to Trader Joes instead or Whole Foods where the checkout people are professional and not Ghetto and disrespectful. Liz must think she works in a Ghetto where she can talk down to customers. I think she should be fired! Scottsdale Arizona is a place that demands proper treatment for customers. This woman Liz deserves to work in a place where customers don't have such high standards and respect for themselves where they don't care if the checkout lady is disrespectful. I hope that they fire Liz and teach her a lesson. Or remove her from the Scottsdale location and put her in the Ghetto.Not only that but most of the food is filled with chemicals. It's been proven that chemicals cause illness and cancer. And the biggest threat to human life is GMO food and most of the food in all grocery stores are GMO now. I wouldn't eat this stuff unless i was suicidal. People may want to look up how GMO foods effected lab rats that ate them. Huge tumors. Yet, most of the food in the grocery stores that are not organic contain GMO, genetically modified organisms. Don't think your gov is protecting you. There is a billion dollar industry in cancer treatments. If you want to get healthy and not sick, i recommend eating foods without chemicals and GMO. The GMO in foods is not labeled and most foods in these types of stores are filled with them. I usually go to Whole Foods or Trader Joes for a larger selection of organic foods.I am going to avoid this store from now on. It's not worth it to try to find healthy foods in a store of chemical laden foods. Especially when that woman named Liz, the disrespectful ghetto checkout lady works there.  I wont be back and Trader Joes will get my money from now on. Thumbs down to this Frys!
4	I go out of my way to find a Fry's. Great customer service, excellent quality in food, great prices, clean stores & fuel points. I buy my gift cards for work and what ever I want to spend money on then turn around and get the discount at the pump. Good call! you'll always find me shopping at Fry's
4	My go to grocery store. Good quality produce and decent deals. Had a couple bad experiences but usually has to do with the customers (a guy cut me in line in the self check out line) and some weird check out bugs but it happens...So it is busy but still a go to in my book.
5	Love this Fry's! The manager is very friendly and nice. The manager always opens up a cashier whenever it starts to get busy. They are recently remolded and have just about everything the fry's marketplaces have.
5	This is a huge market and therefore subject to human error. How much and how significant? Seldom and not significant.  Pricing is competive and appearance is attractive. Most people are more friendly and professional. It is the only big box that feels like a local store. Selection is really good and sales pricing is really sales pricing. You wonder why large stores fail and the answer is that they are not as practical or professional as Kroeger. Then they have personnel in their pharmacy that should be models for many others. Helpful, knowledgeable, prompt, highly competive.I feel they do every correctly because of knowledge base and CARING.
5	The best!!! Most helpful and informed people. Great teamwork. Clear. Interested in end results.Quick. Sensitive. The most professional and down to earth.Consistant year after year.
3	If you aren't looking for organic... I really do believe that Fry's has the best Vegetable selection out of all of the Greater Valley Grocery Stores.Now it is the season of Pumpkin Pie and cranberries and all things gobble related. Their store pumpkin pie was lacking... not enough spice, or hints of vanilla. A real let down!
1	Worst customer service ever. I Called and spoke to a lady asking about Holiday Pajamas this Fry's had for Christmas. When I asked about sizes, she said they were in the Christmas department, but didn't know what they had and that I could come in and look myself. I called a different department hoping someone would help me. They transferred me to the same lady and I got hung up on. Right before Christmas. Thanks Fry's.
