3	This is the new location for New Seoul.  Same owner. Same mediocre service. Same BEST KOREAN IN MADISON.  The new location is smaller than their former residence.  The decor will hopefully come. Their new place definitely lacks ambiance.  I loved the dirty dinginess of the old spot. It reminded me of Korea and yelling my order to the adjumma in the kitchen.  The stone bowl bi bim bop (dol sot bi bim bop) is the best in Madsion. I love letting the dish sit there for a good couple of minutes and letting the rice crisp up before i dig in. YUM. My girlfriend always get the bulgogi. She's addicted.  So the food is good but the service is under par.  They forgot the miso soup that comes with the bulgogi, They also served the meal without providing utensils. It wasnt the speediest stop either.  If you have a hunkering for authentic takboki, galbi, or bi bim bop look no further than New Seoul
3	This restaurant is so cute and comfy, and I enjoyed eating here. The food is good, and my boyfriend enjoyed his stone bowl bokimbop very much. However, our experience was alright, bordering on unpleasant.The restaurant is understaffed (only one server) and therefore inefficient. The food comes out in a timely manner, but it takes a while to receive silverware, refills of water, tables to be cleared, and the check. My boyfriend had the bokimbop, and I had the ddukmandu gguk. We also had ddukboki as an appetizer. The ddukboki is AMAZING, and it's an item I look forward to coming back for. The ddukmandu gguk was alright, but I've had much better. The rice that came with my meal was sticky but also a bit stale. The menu is pretty big, but it didn't have the korean foods I like to eat (bibimnengmyun, kkalgooksu, etc.). I think this restaurant caters more towards meat and soup, and there are only two noodle dishes (both in soup). This is NOT a korean barbeque place, so don't expect to be able to cook and eat kalbi (it's served to you cooked).The server is a kind Korean lady, and I really enjoyed having her as a server. However, she was running around, and she was constantly busy. I felt so bad asking her for things, and she had no time to clear our table (seriously, with on the banchon, plates, and bowls, we were performing a balancing act to eat). My boyfriend needed to be somewhere, and it took a while to receive our check. I like this restaurant. I enjoyed the eating experience, and I am willing to come again.
4	After going to the wrong location, we arrived just before they were closing between lunch and dinner. The server made sure we didn't feel awkward about the timing, which was so nice!The food was tasty and reasonably priced! If it wasn't so far away, we'd be back for sure!
4	Korean food is not your typical ethnic restaurant in the Midwest, although there are a few in some of the larger cities.  Fortunately Madison has New Seoul.New Seoul is a small space in a strip mall full of restarants.  Service was fine, and the food was prepared quickly and well.  You know its real because of all the Koreans who eat there.  Overall, an excellent find and a real treat to try something not often found in the midwest.
