5	Owner is very nice. Kids LOVED it!! The dole whip reminds me of Disneyland but better!! Can't wait to come back again and again!!!
5	First time trying the infamous Dole Whip and I'm hooked! The different flavors are all so delicious it's hard to choose just one! Nice to find a place that will be serving this yummy treat year round and actually in town! The establishment itself is very clean and the professionalism of the owners is as refreshing as their product. Will definitely be back to get my souvenir cup!
5	If Angels came down from heaven and started a business, and they made it a sof serve business,  it would taste like this!!! The combination between the whipped pineapple and the pineapple juice is perfection. Its the same as the one in Disneyland but sans the annoying kids, horrible lines and the $90 entrance fee. Do your self a favor and come here instead.
5	First time here and I love it already! Love all the flavors and the cute pineapple cup! The girl that was serving me was very helpful since I've never had anything like this before! I have to mention how clean it was too! That is something I always look at going to a new place. I'll be back again!!
5	Love everything about this place including the super friendly staff. Buy the pineapple mug to get discounted prices.
5	Holy guacamole, Batman! I am in love with this place! I first had Dole Whip in Disneyland (cause you have to when you're there, duh) and have been wanting one even semi close to it since then. Well what do you freaking know! There is one now!! You guys don't understand, my mom and I went to the Boulevard Mall JUST to have Dole Whip. Totally worth it! I felt like I was in Disneyland! (Minus the sound of the Tiki Room and little kids begging to go on Indiana Jones). My mom ordered a Dole Pineapple Boat and dude, it was bigger than her face! It's a legit pineapple as a bowl! And in that bowl, was heaven. Chunks of pineappley heaven. Seriously, I would recommend going here. Their prices are extremely reasonable and it tastes like a wonderful party cloud in your mouth. I'm in love. New favorite. Definitely taking the best friend here.
1	One star for the service but 5 stars for the dole whip. Extremely slow service! The server kept filling orders for people who came after us just because we bought the pineapple boat. Took 13 minutes to get our order. Sadly I won't be coming back. Id rather go back to Disneyland.
5	For someone who has been to Disneyland multiple times and never tried Dole Whip I'm disappointed in myself. I recently attended Pineapple Park's grand opening weekend and was greeted by the owner himself who asked if I was familiar with Dole whip. When I told him I wasn't, he immediately presented me with a sample of the infamous pineapple flavor treat. Instantly I fell in love and ordered a dole whip float. This consisted of Dole whip (I got the pineapple strawberry swirl...a must try), pineapple juice, a large spear of fresh pineapple topped with a cherry and umbrella, and placed into a souvenir, pineapple park, pineapple shaped cup! I ate every bite of my sweet treat, pineapple spear included! What got me hooked was how healthy it was. For someone who keeps kosher it met those needs, as well as fit into my weight watchers lifestyle...2 points plus for 6oz!!!!! Anyone who follows weight watchers this will be music to their ears. If you haven't already tried it I suggest you make your way down to the boulevard mall and try it for yourself. The float is just one of many ways to get your fix of Dole whip :)
4	The pineapple float was delicious. Fast and good service. The soft serve by itself was good, not as good as the one from Disney but it does the work.  We also tried the strawberry and mango soft serve those have good flavors too. It's awesome that we have this place nearby . Definitely will be back for another float!
2	Anything with the words "dole whip" will catch my attention. Of course, it tastes the BEST in Disneyland. But to hear that there was a place to get them in Vegas.....YOU GOT ME BRO! I seriously love dole whip. It's crazy because just the other day I was talking about how I wished that I could get dole whip somewhere here in Vegas, and then my boyfriend said "They actually just opened one here!" I really didn't know how to contain my excitement and I wasn't sure exactly where it was located, but all I knew was that I. was. excited. Soo, in my luck, I found a groupon for pineapple park! It's 3 coupons good for $10 each. You can only use one per visit. We had some time today to go check it out in between our classes, so we went! It's located (not a great location, the strip would've done so well with this) in the Boulevard Mall's food court. Wasn't sure what to expect. The menu was big and they had a bunch of options. There was no line and the girl at the counter was very helpful. I decided to get the souvenir cup because every time you use it you'll get 50% off...and I know that I will be back, LOL. I got the pineapple dole whip of course. My boyfriend ordered the mango flavor in a cone. We ordered and it cost about $18, so with my groupon it ended up being $8 (woo hoo!). She also gave us a punch card! Also if you check in, you can get a refill if you buy the souvenir cup which is great cause that's what I bought before I checked in, lol.As we go sit down, I noticed that the girl clicked on two groupons instead of one, so it looked like I used two coupons.....but my receipt said she only gave me $10 off. As I was saddened, I had my boyfriend go talk to her. She said she only clicked on one and so she doesn't know why two were taken. She told him that she would "remember him" so hopefully when we go back, we'll be able to use one again, because that's a rip off!!!! After he talked to her about this situation, he grabbed our order and it was a cup of pineapple dole whip. I asked him, "Didn't you get mango in a waffle cone?" And he said yes! So she messed up our order ontop of messing up the groupon. So, that is why I would have to give this 2 stars. I know people make mistakes, but it was very disappointing seeing that there was so much expectation of this place and I was super excited and I felt like my visit wasn't what I expected. So I was walking out of there not as happy as I thought. Don't get me wrong, the pineapple dole whip was delicious, but that's not the only thing we as customers need to rave about. Hopefully on my next visit I'll be able to edit my review. Until then, dissatisfaction for me (especially when my experience with dole whip is always in Disneyland).
5	Pineapple Park is amazing! I'm so happy my roommate and I discovered this place! She's a gluten-free vegan and I'm a vegetarian that prefers vegan options when available, so this place is perfection! They have multiple dole whip flavors and wonderful customer service! All flavors, including the vanilla and chocolate are vegan, gluten-free, and even fat free! So far I have tried pineapple, raspberry, vanilla, mango, and orange. They didn't have chocolate both times I visited unfortunately. :( All of the flavors I've tried so far are good, but my favorite is the pineapple! This is my first experience with dole whip, and it's everything I imagined it to be and more!! I haven't had anything like it and I'm so happy they will be opening a store closer to me! I will definitely buy the souvenir cup next time I go :) The service is great! We were always greeted with a smile and even a generous sample the second time we came here. I can't wait until the one closer to me opens! That will probably be bad for my wallet..ha.The pineapple boat is also a good value at $10.95 and worth a try! You can get 3 flavors of dole whip and caramel sauce on top with pineapple chunks and a cute little umbrella. My only complaint is that the pineapple we received should have been carved out a little more to give room for the bowl and so we could eat more pineapple ;) it's hard to dig a plastic spoon into a cold delicious pineapple. See you soon Pineapple Park!
5	Saaweeeeettttttt. Love this ish so much!Dole whip though, thats some good ice cream.Had their cold hot chocolate. Totally killed it in this vegas heat. Multiple returner here
4	Looks like there is hope for the Boulevard Mall after all. I have been wanting to try a dole whip forever, I thought I would have to wait till my next trip to Disneyland. It was just as delicious as I imagined :) I got to talk to the owner, he was super friendly and helpful. He talked me into the souvenir cup, so I can always get half off refills! Totes worth it. Plus he said there are plans for more locations!!!
5	First time going to pineapple park with my roommate, awesome. I love pineapples. We both got the souvenir cup.Apparently it's 50% off refills for soft serve I think! The cup it comes in is super cute, reusable with a tiny lid! I got the float (tiny umbrella included!) the pineapple soft serve was SO good, it came with a pineapple chunk. Really refreshing, hit the pineapple craving spot.They explained their options, not to be confused! You won't get confused and think it's ice cream :)Soft serve pineapple!! What else can you ask for? The staff was really helpful and polite!I will be back soon to fill up my punch card :)
2	Response to owners reply: Never did I mention nor compared your business to a dollar menu. Just stating what I would pay. We were there. So was the venue was so we bought. I previously stated in my review the savings were minimal purchasing the souvenir cup. That's were we got off to a bad start. We weren't offered that. Had you mentioned at the time of the purchase and said "hey, if you buy this you can refill at a lower price for any future purchases", and not just once using a Yelp coupon we would have been all over it. I'm all for future savings! Thats how hot dog on a stick got me hooked on 3 souvenir cups. Your product is great and addicting. You may now be the only reason people come to that mall. But just food for thought "offer it to all your customers the same way"...upsell us!  I would have bought 2 just to keep coming back if I'm in the neighborhood. But we didn't get that service nor offer. My standards are high. I'm in sales too and get suckered into buying anything from anyone trying to upsell me, sometimes I just buy for the effort someone puts into trying to convince me. Look I'm glad the mall is renovating, it needs a major facelift and you probably are getting a great deal on rent. I wish nothing but the best for you guys and will continue to cheer on all small business in the valley. Just consider the responses you make, some sound like attacks. I know some Yelp reviews are made in bad faith and powerTrips for some people, but most of the time will give actual truths of potential issues you may encounter visiting the place. Don't let your business reviews be proven right. Or responses be taken as a slamming to the consumer who in all Essence is trying to give their opinion. -----------Visited this place while heading over to Sears at the Boulevard Mall. Its pretty dead. The whip is great...but overpriced at $6.95 plus tax ($7.50 total ) for a Dole Whip Float. I checked in while entering the food court and noticed they had a promo..BUT... you must buy the souvenir cup in order to redeem it. The souvenir cup is  approx $12.95 plus tax (so maybe 13.99)..If you get the free refill, you only walk away with $1 in savings and a plastic pineapple or coconut shaped cup, had you paid for 2 at a regular price. I didn't see the savings. I give them props for the varieties but I don't think that will help with sales according the the reviews I'm reading. I wont be back. The mall isn't the best part of town. Good luck guys!
5	Been on a Dole Whip kick since my last Disneyland visit a few months back. I've had Dole Whip in several places around town, but if you are looking for the closest thing toDisneyland's famous Dole Whip...this is it! This is the right flavor and consistency to rival the whip served at Disneyland. Some places claim to serve Dole Whip, but it's just not the same. This place has it! If you are a fan of pineapple Dole Whip, you won't be disappointed! They carry several other flavors of Dole Whip as well, including chocolate, which is very good too. This place is a bit of a drive for me, but it's worth it! The staff is super friendly too...can't wait until they open a location closer to me!
5	There's a handful of places that serve pineapple soft-serve/froyo or Dole whip. However, they're in Henderson or Boulder City. I love pineapples and Dole Pineapple Whip Float reminds me of good times: Disneyland and Dole Plantation in Hawaii. I'd get pineapple cravings at random times and inconveniently when I'm on the opposite end of Boulder City/ Henderson. So, I'm glad there's a place that has pineapple treats within a 15-mile radius from me.This is located inside Boulevard Mall food court. Park by Sears or Old Navy and use the entrance in between those two places and that will take you to the food court. I'm not a fan of this mall so, I seriously just went for Pineapple Park.I was greeted by the owner's lovely wife who took my order. She told me that they've been open since August 1st and that they're opening up a location Downtown next month, Fashion Show Mall in Feb 2015 and Summerlin Mall some time in 2015. I was so amused that I ended up getting my Dole Whip Float in a souvenir cup. I was walking around all day with a pineapple in my purse. The DWF had a fresh pineapple spear with the usual pineapple soft-serve and pineapple juice.They have other items on the menu. They have orange and raspberry soft-serve. The raspberry was nice and tart.They gave me a stamp card. Getting the souvenir cup wasn't a bad idea because I'd get 50% off on my next DWF's, yay!
5	I honestly love this place. Both my roommate and I went out of our way to get to this place because we happen to LOVE the business owner's "snarky" responses to people that don't understand what their business is about. We loved how real she was and wasn't just kissing ass & apologizing. This is first and foremost a BUSINESS. Not a handout. So to everyone complaining, either suck it up or go tell this lady what you think directly to her face & stop hiding behind a review site. ANYTHING you get at this place is delicious. Good luck choosing!
5	So I know my past review was a little rough, but my second and definitely short visit was able to calm my senses. This company really strives to make sure that their customer satisfaction is truly guaranteed. The owner, Brooke, is super nice and addressed my concerns in such a kind manner. I happened to have time to stop by today for some pineapple whip and she wasn't there but I thought I would give it a try anyway. The guy ended up being another owner, her husband, and he was very friendly and knew about my situation because she spoke with him about it! They definitely didn't treat me differently because of my bad review, but they just understood where I was coming from. It seemed to have been an error with Groupon's company so I'm currently trying to get that fixed at the moment! For now, he offered me some whip and I was such a happy happy camper. Once again, texture was perfect and flavor was on point! Their menu was different than the first time I came and it was written on a chalk board! Really cute! He said they're adding more things to the menu and spicy-ing the place up a bit so I'm looking forward to the new changes. They definitely have an awesome lil shop and what I've had so far is great. I can't wait to keep coming back and trying new things. Just wish they were closer to home! Truly my new go-to dessert stop. If you're in the area, you gotta try it.
5	So this is the mythical dole whip that you can only get at disneyland huh? I have never had dole whip before and have never heard of it until hearing all the buzz about this place.  I stopped by after getting off work and decided to go all out and buy the pineapple float in a souvenir cup. I also took a pint of dole whip home so my better half can get a taste as well. I guess we'll be coming back because its frikin' AMAZING. She loves it, our two year old loves it(he started to cry when it was all gone), I love it!! The ladies who helped me were very helpful. I get confused when toppings are an option. I'm not much of a toppings on my yogurt/icecream/gelato kind of guy but the chunk of pineapple just sets this cup o' happiness into the next level. Gratitude pineapple park! I knew I bought this souvenir cup for a reason! See you soon.
1	Not even 15 minutes before closing and the guy told us that he couldn't service anything he was a fucking prick. Machines are up and running in the stores are all still open but yet he was closed and they drained all the fucking machines. Next time I have one I'll be at fucking Disneyland fuck this place
5	I was so happy to find out this place existed and even happier to know how close it was to my home. Typically, you can only get these at Disneyland, and since I moved from Southern California last year, I could no longer get my bi-monthly fix. The price is great, and they even put a slice of pineapple in their floats (Disneyland doesn't even to that, so that was a super bonus). I hope this place stays around forever, because coming here is way cheaper and more convenient than me having to drive to Disneyland and renew the annual pass. Thank you!!
5	Growing up in Hawaii, my boyfriend & I loved visiting the Dole Plantation with our families. As locals though, you never really visit tourist locations unless you had visitors (Just like us Las Vegas locals who rarely go to the Strip). When we moved here, we always had random Dole Whip cravings, especially on those extremely hot Las Vegas summer days. We would always talk about how much we regret not getting enough Dole Whips as kids & we should have cherished the opportunity back then. We only satisfied it once here on the mainland during a trip to Disneyland & we were in Dole Whip heaven! I think my boyfriend & I almost cried tears of joy upon finding out about Pineapple Park LV because we are Dole Whip fanatics & with its huge success & fan base, I'm glad it is here to stay. They have the friendliest owners & such delicious choices on the menu to try. I think I should end this quite dramatic review for Pineapple Park & look at the photos since I have a random craving right now. :) In conclusion, GO VISIT PINEAPPLE PARK. Alooooha!
5	Completely satisfied my craving. The owner was there I believe and he made my dole whip float! Service was really fast and the cashier was super friendly. So excited that dole whip came to Vegas!
5	So yummy! This place was completely out of my way but so good it was worth it.  I never come to this mall but I will be back for the pineapple dole whip. I got the souvenir cup. The staff was very nice and helpful they even brought me a trail size when I said I'd never had it before. I got the pineapple float, but would probably not get the juice added next time I come.
5	So creamy & yummy, and a single serving is 90 calories! There used to be a couple places in town, where you could get this tasty treat, one being Boulder City, and the other in a water park in Henderson, Cowabunga. (Otherwise, you could get this at Disneyland or on the island of Oahu in the Waikiki area.) Not anymore! Now you have another reason to come to the Boulevard Mall. We got free samples during opening weekend, and met the owner, who was really nice. There were a couple different flavors that I really liked, pineapple (the original), orange, and vanilla. The lady at checkout is also really nice, too. Later, I found this place on Groupon.com and we've been here a couple times now. This place also has a loyalty stamp card, so make sure you get one for yourself.I love ice cream and other frozen delicious treats like yogurt or custard (this is my chocolate). I still continue to have it in the winter time. It's my thing. I love, love, love the stuff. Everyone's got that one thing, and this is mine, the one category, anyway. I figure I don't drink much these days, I eat well most days of the week, I workout, I practice moderation, so I can enjoy a frozen treat now and then. Anyway, I like getting two flavors here. The vanilla is really good, so it's usually my 2nd choice. And I really can't decide which one I like the most, it's between pineapple and orange.  Lastly, if you get the souvenir cup, when you return, you get refills at half price- that's a steal!
5	Omg this place is AMAZING!!! I got the Pineapple strawberry smoothly and my taste buds are loving it!!!!!!
5	YES! So before I start this, I have to say someone who used to live in Hawaii and was a frequent visitor to the dole plantation because of the dole whip this place definitely is AMAZING that it lives up to my expectations to match if not outshine the original! Who needs to be at Disneyland for Dole whip when we can just get it here now!?! Plus that outrageous price they'll probably charge you for it. I'm glad they opened up so close to UNLV so that means I'll be frequenting this place really quickly now that I discovered it!The price is very reasonable $4.95 for a cup or cone plus the serving size is rather generous!! It's exactly as I was hoping and expected! Can't wait to go back for more!
5	Dole whip used to be a treat I could only enjoy at Disneyland's Tiki room attraction. Now I can satisfy my craving now that we have one in Vegas! My favorite is the dole whip float. It's a great-tasting  healthy alternative to ice cream and free of the top 8 food allergens! My daughter has several food allergies and I love taking her there since it's the closest thing to ice cream she can have. She absolutely loves Dole whip! Kudos to the manager and staff, they are always so friendly and upbeat.
5	Pineapple dole whip. This place is yummy! Also got sparkling ice in coconut pineapple. Awesome service by the ladies!!
5	Still good! Just I decided to try the Strawberry dole whip and not as good.....SO stick to the pineapple dole whip! I might try some other flavors next time, but I'm not impressed with strawberry and it's usually my favorite to try. Soooo sad about it really! They don't let you use groupons, $5 for $10 deals, etc when you buy the souvenir cup but you can use it when you get the 50% off the refills. Just something to note before you buy it thinking you'll get a better deal on their souvenir cups.
5	Although we were pretty surprised that this place was located in a mall (yuck)... BUT: So happy to find Dole whip on the 9th Hawaiian island!!! I love the original pineapple Dole whip, and had pretty much resigned myself to either waiting until I was actually out in Hawaii again or at Disneyland. So finding it locally was a huge treat. The service was excellent and quick, we ordered 2 traditional Dole whips and 2 pineapple Dole whip floats. Yelp actually let's you buy a great discount coupon ($10 for $5), which was nice because it's actually a bit pricey. Sucks that we had to sit and eat it in a crappy little mall food court, but we enjoyed it nonetheless. Yum.
5	Some of the best frozen treats I've had in Vegas! I love fruit flavored desserts and treats which is basically all they sell here. The menu consists of soft serve in flavors like pineapple, mango, and raspberry as well as fancier treats served in a cored out pineapple like the bonzai and pineapple boat. The soft serve is full of flavor and dairy free and comes in your choice of a cup or waffle cone for $4.95. The bonzai and pineapple boat are around 10 bucks. Don't forget to get a punch card too to get a free soft serve after 5 punches This location is inside the Boulevard Mall food court and is the only reason I ever come to this mall. I hear they're opening additional locations in the future! Can't  wait until I won't have to drive as far!
2	Nothing bad to be said about the product, it's Dole Whip. It's deliciousness in a cup. 2 stars for the lack of service. I have visited twice so far and both times the service was non existent. I understand it's in the food court inside the mall but c'mon, service should be somewhat pleasant no matter the location. I believe each customer should be asked if it's their first time, especially if you've been studying the menu for a couple of minutes looking perplexed. And if it is, engage them and try to sell your product. Have them try what you offer. Believe me, if I had my mind set on getting a small, but if I get A+ service 99 percent of the time I always upgrade, and I think most people will agree with me on this. Unfortunately for me, both times (12/20 & 12/23) both the guy and young girl manning the register just stood there and waited for us to order, not even a casual hello or an effort to upsell for that matter.
5	Pineapple Park is our new go to spot when looking for dessert. Everything we have tried here has been fantastic. More recently we opted for something without pineapple and got the bananas foster sundae. It did not fail to impress and is a new favorite. Service is always fast and friendly. I just wish the owner would put one a little closer to our side of town.
1	Tried to use the restaurant.com certificate that was purchased 3 days ago, only to learn they no longer honor the certificates.  Needless to say, I did not order or eat any of their food.  I would recommend not eating there since they do not honor their commitments to their customers.
5	Delicious. My whole family loved it. You don't need to go to Disney Land to enjoy a Dole Whip in Las Vegas.
