4	Food is fresh and right portion with reasonable price. However, the owner should not be stingy about turning on heater during the winter time or air conditioner during the summer time.
3	Wife and I haven't been to this restaurant for over 10+ years --- as I remember, it was because the food was mediocre and there are better Cantonese restaurants in the area.  But we had a restaurant.com certificate -- $25 worth of food for $3.00 so we decided to try again.  I cannot figure out how this restaurant.com thing works for the establishments.....maybe hoping for repeat business?  But what if you keep buying the coupons?  Oh well, it must work or restaurants wouldn't participate now, would they?Well this trip the restaurant probably did not lose money on us.  We spent over $60 on food and a couple of beers.  With tax and tip the bill was slightly over $80 and with the $25 coupon, I paid $55.We had half a roast duck (mediocre-dry and not crispy); mapo tofu (good); salt and pepper shrimps and salt and pepper pork chops (both dishes prepared in the same fashion-good sized serving but the batter was a little thick and chewy); Hong Kong style pork chow mein (this was very good); and finally Mongolian beef (average at best-spice level was low and not very tasty).  The dishes were all probably priced at least $1.00 each higher than other comparable places.So our conclusion is that with the coupon, the value is OK.  But without the coupon, it is not worth the price for the quality of the food.  In fact, both my wife and I agreed that we would rather pay the price to get better quality food.  Don't get me wrong, this place is not bad; just not very good.Lastly, we agree with one other yelper -- the place was very cold.  They need to up the heating in the place.
1	I give no stars! It should have been a sign to me when we were the only ones there! some other guest came in while we were there, but only 2 other couples. PuPu Plater was skimpy, no spare ribs, and the satay beef was very tough. Egg Rolls had tough cabbage in them, they did however have large pieces of shrimp in them, although the shrimp in every dish we had didn't taste fresh. The sizzling Rice soup was made with old tasting rice. I had Cashew chicken which should have been called celery chicken, cause that's mostly what was there. Plus the celery was hard and stringy. We order combo fried rice, it was good, but I didn't understand why I didn't get steamed rice with our two entres. Over all Resturant.com should remove them from their listing! thumbs down. Slow service too!
4	Nice local place, very fast service, friendly, with decent food. Wonton and Hot-and-Sour soup are very good. Crispy orange beef  is tasty, General Tso's chicken is very good, and the fried rice is flavorful with lots of meat. Not gourmet food, but an excellent place for some quick tasty Chinese food.
2	The search for decent Chinese food in the valley continues, as Jong Wah won't be our go-to place.We started with the Popo Platter. Though we were one of just three tables there on a Saturday night around 7:30, it took nearly 30 minutes for our platter to come out. It was plated beautifully. Unfortunately, the fried shrimp had an odd texture I had to pass on, and the crab ragoon and ribs were barely lukewarm. The highlight was the egg rolls. These were clearly made in-house because the insides were crunchy. As in, not previously frozen and then defrosted mushiness. They were very good.We ordered Kung Pao chicken and a beef and brocolli dish, plus house fried rice. The two dishes were well spiced. Often spicy dishes are just ungodly spicy where you can't taste anything else, but these actually had some flavor. It's just too bad the quality of beef was so poor you wouldn't want to eat it by itself.The house fried rice was outstanding, with huge shrimp. We'd highly recommend the rice and eggrolls.We also had a coupon, and our bill, with one soda, was $40. Ouch. We couldn't make heads or tails of our itemized, handwritten bill.They do have an outdoor patio.
5	We moved to the area in 2005, that's when we found Jong Wah. We love the food!  We have tried the other restaurants in the area, but we always return here. We are big fans of the orange chicken and their egg foo young can't be beat in the valley that we've found.  We are regular delivery patrons of this awesome restaurant.
4	Don't judge this place by the restaurant's exterior! Jong Wang is excellent. Went there just last Wed. with my family and the food was fresh and delicious. A coworker of my mother's recommended the place and it was a good one! We'll be back. I recommend the Szechuan Garlic chicken.
5	This was my favorite Chinese restaurant, and unfortunately they closed on October 15, 2013.  They are no longer in business.
4	Good Chinese food, fast and very cheap. Definitely recommended!
1	Gross! They closed due to failing health inspection numerous times. Cockroach infestation! Check public health site. They post to public. Jong Blahhhh!
