5	Hands down best gas station in Las Vegas! Great beer selection just wish they had cheap deals like Terribles gas station, however, the food is awesome, better hot dogs then 7/11 and Ampm! My Husband and I also had a Reeses penut buter Chocolate shake from their custom Milk Shake machine! Although Ft. Apache traffic and lights suck, Maverick is still pretty chill to pull into and they also offer a loyalty rewards card that gives you 2cents off each gallon of fuel and you get to rack up points with all the awesome goodies and munchies their gas station is filled with!!!!!!! perfect stop before wet n wild once it opens! Good call Maverik!!!!!!
5	I love it here! Their gas is super cheap and they have they BEST customer service I have ever seen at a gas station. It's impeccably CLEAN and organized!
5	As someone who frequently drives between Las Vegas and Salt Lake City, I literally squealed with delight when I saw that a Maverik was opening right here in Vegas! Maverik is my go-to stop on the road because they have the best selection of healthy snacks, an incredible soda fountain, and consistently clean restrooms. This local location is no exception. While I don't stop here for road trip pee breaks or snacks, I do try to fill up here. Sign up for their free rewards card and you'll get a discount on gas, snacks and more. Love this place!
2	Maverik, what happened?!? Maverik used to be so clean and sparkly and was pretty much everything you could want in a convenience store. In the last month or so, things have gone down hill. It seems like every surface is sticky or dirty, half the Slushee flavors don't work, the ice dispenser for fountain drinks was broken, there is trash and spills on the floor. Even my preschooler commented on how dirty it has become.  I still love my Black Card and the savings on gas, but it's harder to want to go inside.
5	Best gas station in Vegas by far. Great deals from food to gas! Food is made daily, the staff is extremely friendly and even remember me when I come in. Something about the environment here makes this place the way things should be. Highly recommend getting one of the fresh made parfait or a hot dog because the bun is amazing! I'd return any and everyday!!!
5	This is an awesome gas station. They have everything there. All the newest drink, slurpee, ice cream machines. Lots of snacks, even some slot machines. But they have everything!
