5	A lot of places claim to have cheesesteaks that taste just like the ones in Philadelphia.  This is almost always false.  I've lived in Philly, and most don't come close.  Capriotti's is not quite the same, but still really, really good.
3	Nice sandwich shop.
4	Visited this place last time I was in Vegas. The sandwiches are quality and the menu is quite creative. Next time you are in Henderson, please look this place up - it is worth the search.A pastrami sandwich, filled with cheese and cole slaw. Yum.Bring cash - No CC
4	Where's the beef?I've been eating Capriottis for years, when the only store was on Sahara.  My two faves are the mushroom cheesesteak and the meatball with provolone.  On my last two visits, I was disappointed to find far less meat than I had been accustomed to.  Cost cutting?  Bad economy?  Oversight?  I'm knocking a star off for that.  Whatever the reason, the sandwiches were still tasty as ever.  Hopefully they won't skimp next time.
5	Capriottis is famous for "The Bobbie" which is basically thanksgiving in a sandwich. However, their cheese steak is a better choice. I Ordered it with jalapenos and mushrooms, my mouth is watering thinking about it.
4	Like ABC Stores in Honolulu, HI, there is a Capriotti's in almost every strip mall in Vegas and it's surrounding suburbs.  I chose this one to review because I frequent it the most.I would love to give Capriotti's five stars but cannot.  On sandwiches, I am 2 for 3 here.  I will go from worst to best.The Bobbie.  I know that this is what Capriotti's is known for, but it is not a good interpretation of Thanksgiving on a bun.  When I had it, the texture is off-putting.  There is just too much mush.  The sandwich is okay, but when you have mushy stuffing, wet cranberry sauce, extra mayo, and mushy bread (because of wet cranberry sauce), all you get is mush.  Sorry Bobbie, but you are not the one for me.The Italian.  This is salty goodness.  Delicious Italian cold cuts, pepper relish, slaw, and great bread.  Enough said.The champ at Capriotti's: THE CAPISTRAMI !  Make sure to get it with the PEPPER RELISH (so damn good) and the Russian Dressing on the side so that you can dunk the sandwich in it.  No offense to the Bobbie, but if you try one sandwich at Capriotti's, make love to yourself and get the Capastrami.Make sure you get off the strip and enjoy Capriotti's!
5	One word BOBBIE !!! It's the best sandwich ever created!These guys and gals make the best sandwich on the planet. Every other sub shop just can't come close to the magical thanksgiving day celebration that takes place in your belly after consuming one of these masterpieces!
4	This one is in a little strip mall... off of Paseo and Stephanie... (there are others around Las Vegas..)Really like this sandwich place... quality sandwiches with quality ingredients. I go here when I'm jonesing for a good sammy.  This beats Subway all to heck.I like the Bobbie, the pastrami and the Grilled Italian.  Pretty much all their sandwiches are really tasty... highly recommend the Hot or Grilled ones.Their "medium" is 12" and big enough for 2 people.Their "large" is 20" and it's huge... so if you're super hungry... or have 4 kids that can share a sandwich... this is a good way to go.They don't do sides... but they have an assortment of chips to choose from.
5	Bobbie, Italian, and Grilled steak & cheese with peppers ... all 3 awesome.ordered 3 x 20 inch sandwiches to feed 7 ... was excellent.Service is always quick and nice.
5	AMAZING GO, GO, GO, Put down the phone unless you need it for directions and just GO...
5	Well what can be said that hasn't already been said about capsNothing I guess.The Bobbie is the best sandwich in Vegas All the sandwiches are top notch The best hot sandwich is the Cheese steak with hot and sweet peppers Call the order in to go They take 500 years to make one sandwich It's still worth it
5	Best sandwiches ever!
4	DELICIOUS sandwiches and pretty lively customer service. Personally, I think the Cheesesteak is the best...and I don't even usually like cheesesteak!There are only 2 reasons I'm not giving this a 5/5. 1. This location has little seating compared to other Capriottis. 2. The service -is- a little slow at times, so make sure you have about 10 or 15 minutes to wait, especially during busy hours.
4	Probably everyone says this, but their The Bobbie sandwich is like a Thanksgiving meal in a sandwich, minus the pumpkin pie of course. It's amazing! They shove in a generous helping of shredded turkey, cranberry sauce, and stuffing. I'm not a fan of stuffing, but when it's in this sandwich, I can't help but eat it all. The only thing that I'm not fond of is the mayo. You can request them to lessen the amount of mayo, which is what I do, but if you forget, they really pile that stuff on. So remember if you don't like mayo, you better say something. Their sandwiches comes in different sizes, I forget the actual lengths, but the medium is enough to feed 2 people with a little space for dessert, always a plus.Also, the service here is pretty great. They are super friendly and they work together like a well oiled machine. I've never had a problem with waiting long for a sandwich, but the times I've been here, it wasn't very busy. This store recently changed locations to just a few doors down, but now it's like an actual restaurant with tables and such! When you're reminiscing about a delicious Thanksgiving feast, this sandwich will curb your cravings until Thanksgiving comes around again.
5	Good food, i forgot what its called but myFavorite is the thanksgiving sandwich
4	Always love coming to Capriotti's. They have a fantastic meatball sub and of course the Bobby. I will continue to try the different subs off of their menu but of course always have a go to when I am not sure what to get.
2	"Get the Bobbie if you love America""Get the Bobbie if you love Thanksgiving""Best sandwich spot in Vegas"So, I got the Bobbie. It sounded like a great sandwich with turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and mayo (I got mustard). Major disappointment. Didn't know it was a cold sub or I would have ordered something else. It's basically your Thanksgiving dinner leftovers tossed between a french roll. The bread wasn't toasted, the cranberry sauce was too sweet, there wasn't enough stuffing, and the veggies I ordered on the side had the freshness of your local Subway. Paid $8 and some change for a 12 foot, which isn't bad. But next time I want a sub I'll make my way over to Safeway and make my own. Make the Bobbie hot!!! Two stars because the staff was extremely nice and welcoming.
1	When I moved to Henderson a month ago I stopped for lunch and had a delicious Italian sub... Since then I've tried this place twice more: a roast beef sandwich that was so dry I had to stop chewing it and a turkey sandwich that smelled so bad I thought it was accidentally tuna. No idea what's going on here but the meats are really not edible. With so many other places you can eat in Henderson, I'd not try this place again.
1	I ate here on dec 12 2013 and got FOOD POISONING . I was sick for 2 days . Friendly service and good sandwiches do not make up for serving bad product to guests.
4	You really gotta love Capriotti's sandwiches!  Between the Bobby and the cheesesteaks, this is one of my and my husband's favorite sandwich shops.  The service is ridiculously good and the people are so friendly.  I sometimes think it's a little bit expensive for what it is but whenever I'm craving a sandwich from here it always hits the spot.  I like the Green Valley location better because they have fries (their fries are SO delish.  Don't judge me...) but this is a great walkable lunch spot for us so it's high on my rotation!
5	Can't go wrong with Capastrami, or The Bobbie! But my fave is a Homemade Turkey on Wheat, Grilled Onions and the whole sandwich grilled -- so everything melts together! Yummmmm!
1	I'm a vegetarian so there are not too many places I go to eat. I went to this place and tried their veggie turkey sandwich. It took about two hours for the nausea and stomach pains to start. I don't know, maybe food poisoning? I bet there are not a lot of veggies eating there so maybe the soy turkey was old and bad? It's the next morning and my esophagus and stomach are on fire. I can't eat or drink anything. Ouch.
1	Ripped off today.  I ordered a couple of sandwiches, including a steak and cheese, my favorite.  So after 16 mins I realize something's wrong, especially after everyone but one person who ordered after me has left the place or are eating their meal.  My wife who is facing the counter says, the counter girl just asked about a steak and cheese.  So I get up and they magically are wrapping up my sandwich.   I sit down and there is so little meat it's not right.  Given that they were just wrapping and the bread was cold (i.e. no heat dissipation), leads me to believe my order was lost/forgotten.  They just scrapped some steak from another order and quickly wrapped it up.   The counter person knew I was annoyed at waiting so it's not that they didn't have an opportunity to correct.Needless to say a very bad survey and this Yelp.  Employees need to know or be taught how to handle errors and address them, not how to hide it and piss off a customer with a Yelp account.
5	Every time i go there service is awesome food is awesome just all around the best sandwich place
1	What happened to this place? I was craving a Capistrami so stopped at this Capriottis, what a disappointment. When I walked in there was a couple waiting to order. There were 4 employees in the back and no one up front.As the lady was coming up to take their order the phone rang and she answered it, taking a large to go order while we stood there waiting. After taking our orders there was still no one making the sandwiches, they were all in the back still.After I finally got my order I unwrapped the sandwich. It was mostly bread (which didn't seem very fresh) and not much pastrami or toppings. Definitely not the Capriottis I remember. Maybe it was just this location but the food and service were really disappointing.
5	Absolutely love this place! I work in the same parking lot in which they are located and after learning they have vegetarian options on their menu I decided to give it a try. Their food is always fresh and delicious and the staff is always so sweet!
5	My favorite sub shop... I love the capastrami sub.. My wife enjoys the Bobby it's like Thanksgiving on a sub.. The employees are always having a good time there.. Make sure to leave a tip for BEER MONEY!!!
