2	These ladies don't know how to cut a guys hair.  I've been here a few times and it is my fault for going back.  I have fairly long hair and the last two times I have gone to get it trimmed they have completely screwed it up.  The first time I told the girl I wanted the slightest trim.  She cut quite a bit of hair off.  This last time (and the LAST time) I told her I wanted a decent trim and she could cut a bit off.  She gave me the slightest trim.  These girls should have switched places.  Save your money and cut your own hair.  Don't go here!!!
4	I got a good haircut and style at a decent price. The girl did what i asked when i showed her a picture. Theres a special right now - 7 foil highlights,cut, dry, waxed brows all for $60!
5	I have been going to Mastercuts at Galleria Mall, Sunset Dr., Hednerson for over a year now. I would like to specifically commend DALYNN for her professionalism, courtesy, and superb styling skills. She made an effort to understand how I wanted my hair cut and styled the first time I was there, and since then getting a haircut has always been  a most convenient and fun experience for me. I just call to schedule an appointment, show up on time, greet Dalynn, and the rest is easy. She is always sharp, meticulous, attentive, and super nice. I highly recommend Dalynn at Galleria Mastercuts without any reservation.
3	I used to go here and I had a favorite stylist that used to work here, too.  However, she no longer works there and I had to search for a new stylist. From time to time, I would just go here for a trim because the price is reasonable and they do a semi-decent haircut or trim. The workers here are nice and a lot of them seems young.  I dont mind going here for a trim or cut a few inches off my hair, but I wouldnt go here for a hair color or a drastic haircut.
5	I have been going to Britney for the past year, and she has been completely excellent! I used to live on this side of town, and searched yelp for a good Salon. I didn't really car much about price, I just wanted someone good.  When I searched, this Master Cuts came up as one of the most recommended.  I'm really sketchy about these salon chains after have a bad hair cut done at Super Cuts years back. But I sucked it up and called and made an appointment. I got paired with Britney. She fixed my crap layers from a bad dye job that broke off my hair. and completely took her time.  I've been going ever since! She always takes her time and knows exactly what I want when I throw out ideas.  She always finds the middle ground!Additionally, when I first started going to Britney,  I had dark hair which is not my natural, I told her that I wanted to go back Blonde the healthy way. She has done phenomenal! My first trip to lighten my hair took 5 hours! I appreciate a good hair stylist and now 5 of my friends go to her.  If you choose Master cuts, go to Britney. She is amazing!
5	Everyone at this location is great.  I am easy so however my hair is cut is great.  Laura is quite the superstar in my opinion.  She can carry a conversation that you can enjoy and a haircut to compliment it.  I, however, just like to close my eyes and wander off.
5	I had a St. Bald ricks charity event and not only was this the ONLY haircut place to respond to my plea for volunteers to cut hair, they followed up to me FIRST. Also going off that, Samii is the best person to cut my hair ever and has consecutively given me a perfect haircut I love 4 times in a row. Usually I get one nice cut and then they screw up the next time. This is the only place I go to get my hair cut now.
5	I had my haircut by Samii, and let me tell you, it was fantastic! Definitely the best haircut of my life and that I'll ever have. It made my wildest dreams come true!
5	Daylin is the best!  She always listens to what I want done, excellent colorist, stylist.  I won't go anywhere else.  She is the best.  I would recommend her to everyone.
1	I had the strangest customer service experience here today. I came in and was greeted by a young girl at the front desk. I asked if there was any availability for a hair cut. She points to the young man working behind her and says "he is almost done, come back in about 15 minutes?" I agreed and returned 15 minutes later. When I returned there was no one at the front desk and so I stood there waiting for about 5 minutes before the male hair stylist even looked up from blow drying. He continued to look up at me for literally the next five minutes without saying a word, going back and forth between staring at me waiting at the counter and blow drying his customer's hair. I literally stood at the counter for ten minutes (ten real minutes, not ten angry exaggerated minutes). Finally the male hair stylist looks up (and after asking the other hair stylist "do you know why he is here?") he says "you can come sit over here." He probably thought I couldn't hear him, but he was mistaken. After that odd interaction and now haven given them 10 additional minutes beyond my original appointment time, I sat down and waited an additional 20 minutes. No one said anything to me, no one looked at me, I just waited. At this point I was about 30 minutes past my quoted appointment time, and I just got up and left because I had another appointment and they wouldn't be able to cut my hair in the remaining time. I understand that places run behind, and I have no problem with that. I consider it incredibly rude however the way I was greeted and incredibly rude that I was continually treated as if I was not even present. I wont be returning.
5	Jodi is great, I wouldn't go anywhere else for cuts and color!
