5	Maggie is the best bar tender ever!
3	This is a 100% authentic old-school neighborhood dive bar. Well worth a visit if you're ever in the area. Beer and a shot please!
4	I like this place and Maggie is the bomb. Good happy hour prices and it's on the way home. This is really a place for locals as I see the same people there all the time, which is fine by me....
4	Love this bar. Everything here is awesome. Great drinks and great bartenders. Only wish there were more pool tanles
5	I wish I could give more than 5 stars! Maggie is like a mom to me. When I go to Eddie's, I mostly go to see her. Nick is pretty awesome, too. It is a small bar, but everyone knows eachother. I just love the friendliness of everyone, especially the staff. They are always so happy to see me. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a bar to attend regularly. Say hi to Maggie and Nick for me!
2	This is unfortunate because, ask me three days ago & I would've given this place 5 stars! Maggie is our favorite bartender around. We live right down the street, frequent the bar often, bring friends, and spend money. However, on the few times we've been in when Jaxx was working, we've noticed that she often seems intoxicated and has never been overtly nice to us...fine...it's a dive bar. But being that we all either ARE or WERE bartenders, we know how customers should be treated and we know how to take care of our bartenders. On one particular occasion, a group of us ordered 6 beers and 6 shots and were charged a whopping $110! A rip-off even by Snottsdale standards! After confronting Jaxx about the bill, an altercation ensued which moved OUTSIDE of the bar and resulted in Jaxx hitting one of our female friends in the face! It's such a drag because we live in the hood and LOVE this bar. Maggie works Wed-Sat nights...I recommend avoiding this place like the plague any other time.
3	strong rum and cokeepitome of a dive barpeep the murals towards the back for a journey through time ;)
4	Eddie's has become one my favorite dive bars in town without really being a "dive" bar. The crowd is some if the trust professional drunks I've ever seen but always a lot of fun and great prices to boot. .. no panzy asss wwak drinks either!!
5	Maggie is the bomb-dizzle. Was driving down the road with no particular place to go. As I drove saw the faint neon signs of eddies tavern... And thought to myself I must stop in for a beer. One turned to two, which turned into a local guy Dan buying me a beer. Great places are defined by the patrons, and the bad ass bartender who could probably beat the sh!t out of me, or at least when I get out of line.
