5	Finally.FINALLY!!Self-serve frozen yogurt has come to Sun Prairie. I've been to Orange Leaf twice in the past 15 days that it's been open as an expression of my enthusiasm!The store is clean, bright, & spacious. They have a stocked toppings bar and plenty of frozen yogurt flavors. My only complaint was that they don't have the traditional plain "classic tart" flavor. I've honestly never been to a fro-yo place that didn't have that flavor. It's my favorite, so I'm hoping they get on that soon.
2	Bland.After several trips to Orange Leaf, bland is the word the best sums up the experience.As someone who is trying to maintain a 60 pound weight loss, the lure of a healthier dessert drew me in like the song of the mythical Siren.  Plus, a number of my friends raving about their Orange Leaf experience, so over the past couple of weeks, I've given the Sun Prairie franchise several opportunities to wow me.Well, I'm still waiting for the wow factor to hit and 'm afraid that it's just not goingto happen.On the positive side, the Sun Prairie enclave of this froyo purveyor is brand spanking new so the facility is still pretty shiny and clean.  And as the only current tenant in it's building, there's never a problem finding a good parking spot, despite a constant throng of customers getting their frozen yogurt fix.  And the quality of the staff is pretty good - I always have been greeted as I walked in the door and the line moves along pretty fast.  They will open a second register when things start to slow down.I'm not a fan of the setting, nestled in a sterile strip mall by the new Target, Costco and Woodmans.  It pretty much requires a car ride to get to the location, since there is no easy or safe way to get there by foot or by bile.The biggest disappointment is the frozen yogurt.  It just does not have a lot of taste.  The coconut and white chocolate has a hint of flavor and the chocolate flavor was really flat.  If you are looking for a party of flavor in your mouth, you'll find more action at a funeral.The toppings are pretty standard fare (the same type of toppings found at Coldstone).  Adding the toasted coconut did help round out the flavor of the coconut froyo.  but it still does not provide the same level of flavor satisfaction that I get from a cone at the Chocolate Shoppe or at Babcock Hall.Since the kids really seem to enjoy Orange Tree, I'll still make the occasional pilgrimage to the Sun Prairie location, but it won't be somewhere that I'll stop at on my own to satisfy my sweet tooth cravings.
4	I was very new to self-serve yogurt before coming here. It was the first week after opening, so there was an employee whose only job seemed to be explaining it to people like me. You grab a container, dispense however much frozen yogurt from the different flavors, then get in line and add your toppings, and then pay at the end of the line based on the weight of what's in your container. I've taken my three kids each time, and they love it (not surprising, since it is all about the sugar). We sit outside, so I can't comment on the seating indoors. My only issue is that there are only two sizes of containers, and the smallest is still *really* big. I'd love something half the size, but then people would get less and pay less - probably not a great business model. **They have a rewards card and paying is speedy (good thing, too, as there seems to always be a line). ** Then again, Diary Queen got a little tiny Blizzard size and so now I get them more often since I feel less guilty about it.
3	Ermagerd mom!  Please can we go here!?!?!!!  Everybody says it is soooooooo good!  We have to try it "Like a Boss!"  Help me!  I'm being followed around by a tween whose never even seen the "Like A Boss" skit on SNL, yet quotes it in an attempt to convince me!  Yeah ok, we went here.  Out of 12 flavors they actually have two that are dairy free.  I tried pineapple, and it was good.  The minor had some sort of unholy kamikaze mixture covered in several different toppings.  I was so surprised later when minor complained of a stomach ache..................said no one ever.  We won't go here very often because it is expensive, and most minors have little to no self control with self-serve options, especially with two cup sizes:  gigantor and colossus.    "Hey look ma, I just ate 2000 calories!!!!"
4	Always love taking the kids here. Employees are always friendly.  Choices are always good and it tastes great. Only complaint for me Is it's a little on the expensive side for what it is. Will definitely be going back again.
4	Ice cream?  Sure...I'd love some ice cream.  But, instead of a normal amount, could I possibly get a trough of ice cream, a KFC bucket-sized portion?Sure, man...just go to Orange Leaf.I'm not sure I'm a fan of this new fad of self-serve depth charges of ice cream, but what the heck.  I'll play along.  My kid loves this place.  She usually eats more in toppings than in ice cream.I enjoy the buffet of toppings, and occasionally they have a flavor of ice cream that's fantastic, but a lot of it is a little bland.
3	Eh. Pros: The mini loves going there, for her it's a huge spectacular treatThe yogurt is good, nothing to get all worked up about, but I've certainly had worse. Occasionally they even have a dairy-free kind that I am interested in trying. I usually only get one or 2 toppings, but the mini loves them. She always tries to pile the lot onto her ice cream.The store itself is new and shiny and nice, and the employees are really focused on helping people out.Cons:It's pretty expensive, for a tub of soft-serve. The bowls are WAY too big. Please make one half the size of the small one.The location is kind of weird. No way to walk or bike to it, which I feel sort of defeats the "healthy" vibe if that's what you're going for. (Advice: don't bother, it's not actually healthy)It seems to be a place that people like bringing their kids to, so it would be nice for some napkins to be within reach instead of at either end of the store. Also, wet naps would be awesome.
3	The idea and concept is very cool and innovative though orange leaf is not the first place to incorporate it. You choose any ice cream you want and search it yourself from a machine. You can add toppings ranging from gummy bears to nuts to cookies and so on. It's a great place to take kids but try are way too expensive as pricing is determine by how much ice cream and topping you get. ( it's weighed).
4	My kids LOVE this place!Pros: Restaurant is clean and staff is friendly          You can put dividers in your bowl so you can try several flavors of frozen yogurt          Tons of toppingsCons: The restaurant is small and in the summer even the seats outside are filled          The bowls are very large, would be nice to have smaller bowls you can still         put  a divider in           With all the topping the kids pile on it can be a little pricey
