3	This place IS A-OK!I love Indian food so I was happy to hear an Indian Buffet was opening up right by where I work.  The lunch buffet was $9.50 which is pretty reasonable.The food was good, except it was buffet style and only a few things were labled so  I couldn't tell you what I had beyond Nan, Rice, and Chicken Tikka Masala.  The tikka masala was NOT SPICY AT ALL.  It also wasn't very oily which is good.  I liked the food.The only thing I didn't like is that it is HOT AS HELL in the restaurant.  When we walked in we thought it wasn't air conditioned.  The thermostat read 85 inside, so it was still a few degrees cooler than outside, but they've got to get their AC upgraded or fixed, or I  cant become a regular until the fall when its cooler!
5	Excellent sambar and idlii. Best lunch buffet downtown; the dishes are moderately spiced, not oily and a few rotate daily. Attractions which are not common to Indian buffets, but may be found here, include sino-Indian selections, South Indian dishes, and biryani.
2	Disappointed. Food on the buffet was barely warm, soda was barely cold and the flavors were flat and bland. Butter Naan was awesome and clearly well made. Unless you're a bakery though, I'm not going to stop by just for bread.
1	I was excited about visiting a new Indian restaurant in Downtown Pittsburgh that is in close proximity to my office, but this lunch buffet visit of Monday, 22 September 2014 was a great disappointment.  I received a pleasant greeting and a 'thank you' from the owner.  The busser did not interact with me. No one performed a quality check or did anything to be assured of my satisfaction. Used plates were taken away promptly and I received a water refill without having to ask.  I agree with the writer who said that the place was too hot; this was the case even on a cool day. I had perspiration running down my neck while dining. Beware the dish which contains microscopic particles that appear to resemble broccoli and cauliflower as it is very spicy.  The only vegetable that could be readily identified in it is a few carrot slices.  I was hoping to find the staple Indian dish, aloo gobi, but it was not offered.  There was a dish which featured only potato slices and the cauliflower offered in the vegetable dish was not enough to satisfy any diner.  I arrived at 12:45, which should be the height of lunch hour.  There were only two diners there at that time, although a few other parties arrived during the short time I was there.  The buffet items had obviously been sitting out for a long time.  The white rice, which I was pleased to find was unadulterated by any seeds or seasoning, was in small quantities of clumps.  Many of the dishes needed to be replenished, but only the fried vegetable dish was during the time that I was there.  The signs denoting the names of the dishes are do not enable the American customer to determine their ingredients.  The tandoori chicken was quite tasty; I can only imagine how good it would have been if it had at least been served warm.  India Palace and Indian Spices on Sixth Street are far better choices for the Indian food lover, and Indian Spices is 58 cents less for the lunch buffet!
