4	This place is cheap, tasty and cool! I highly recommend the Minestrone soup, it's the best I've ever had. Additionally, their canolis and coffee is fantastic, it's Lav-azza.Also, take a look at their actual menus on the counter, in there you'll find some cheap table d'hotes that you otherwise wouldn't see.ps- a friend of mine from NYC claims this is the only "real" new york pizza is mtl...I'm not sure if this is true, but it's damn good!
4	Pizza and calzones are the way to go here. Trendy.  Drinks are a bit pricy ($2 for a can of coke). But good food and nice locaton
3	This place was pretty good.  The pizza was tasty and the entire meal was well-priced, but it wasn't all that clean and I'm not sure that it had much to offer in terms of ambience.  I would go again, but I would not seek it out.  When we were there, all of the tables were either taken or hadn't been bussed, so that was a pain.
5	Close friends of mine know I am obsessed with this place. DELICIOUS eggplant lasagna! Good coffee, decent espresso, atmosphere, cozy and well priced. I typically come here once a month. Eggplant lasagna, meat sauce, cayenne pepper, lotsa parmesan...enjoy a piece of heaven!
4	I have loved this hole in the wall for well over 10 years.  The place is cool and has a great vibe, it's laid back, and authentically feels like an italian eatery.  They have really good espresso and my favorite dishes to get are the meat sauce lasagna, which is a very big portion at a very fair price, so I usually get to go and can enjoy it in two helpings.  The other thing I like to get is there breakfast calzone, served with ham and eggs, it is a great change to the regular breakfast.The staff is very cool and the owner, who I usualy see in the day is a no nonsense sweety, that always has a warm smile and hello for her regulars.This place is one of the last cool hang outs from the original St Laurant scene, and still bangin' it.
4	This unassuming place is the kind I like. It's not much to look at from outside, but if you pass by on a regular  basis you'll notice it's always got people in it. The kind of place which spend more time on the food than the decor (which still isn't bad).I used to work a few blocks from this place, and would visit once a week (at least).The pizzas and other displayed food looks good, but on my first visit I noticed that the two people in front of me ordered the same eggplant parmesan lasagna my interest was piqued. I was then served one of the best eggplant dishes I've ever had - it's basically a pile of eggplant with a delicious sauce in between the layers. They also put more sauce on top, and you can choose from meat or tomato - both are good.The pizza here is good thin-crust pizza. I haven't tried the calzones, but they look really good - my problem is I almost always get the eggplant.The coffe here is OK (it's Lavazza), and you can get a combo with a coffe for some dishes. I probably wouldn't go here just for the coffee (because I'm a coffee snob), but its good enough if you just need an espresso hit.
4	I've been going to Eurodel since I was a student at McGill in the late 90's, and lived a few blocks away.  I try to stop in every time I'm in Montreal, and when I'm home in the US I still occasionally think about the Ham & Cheese Calzone (which is more of a flattened pizza with dough on the top & bottom).  Makes my mouth water every time.  The food is always good.  I've never had a bad meal here.  It is not a fancy place, so prices are reasonable.  Delicious!!
