4	Okay, a Sonic is a Sonic, right?  Burgers, fries, shakes, etc. That's true here, but I'm sure you knew that going in. What I'm stumping for here is their new Premium Beef Hot Dogs. For fast food hot dogs, these dogs are pretty tasty noms. Seriously.Let's discuss my favorite: The Chicago Dog.  Sure, they offer a New York Dog, a Baja Dog, and a couple others, but the Chicago Dog is totally the one to get.  It has the requisite mustard, relish, tomato, peppers, and pickle spear, but what really makes this thing worth buying is the amazing, soft, delectable poppy-seed bun.  Y. U. M.Yes, I cannot say enough good things about this gluten-laden delight of a hot dog cradle, because it's so UNLIKE the normal fare you'd get at Sonic. Crushed, mushy buns are pretty much accepted across the lines of all burger joints, but when one of those joints gets a lowly hot dog bun nailed PERFECTLY, well, then that's something.  Add to that the decently delicious ingredients (beef dog, condiments), and it's a winner for me.Yes, I know Ted's is kinda the hot dog king around here, but I gotta tell you, this Chicago dog is worth a try.
2	This place is all hype and nothing memorable. Burgers and hot dogs were not A or even B quality. I had to try it since it was late and pretty few restaurants were open at this hour. If you come here just for the tater tots, then maybe I can understand. Wait, NOPE. Go to In n Out before coming here or even Whattaburger which is right across the street. Still better than Sonic. Hot dogs = terrible. I'd rather have Nathan's or Weinerschnitzel. Too thin and no flavor. Now I can say I've tried it and I'll never be coming back here. I think the only thing they have going for them is the ability to customize your drink flavors if you get a slushie. I can see college students packing this place but why when you can find other fast-food joints at the same price.
1	I've never had a hard time at a sonic before, except for this location. They barely speak English, they don't know their own menu, and they messed up my order 2 times. Come on, your job can not be that confusing...
4	I am a total fan of their drinks....and even a bigger fan of being able to get large drinks for 99 cents before noon and they are half price every day between 2-4pm.  Their slushes are my favorite (lemon-berry especially) but occasionally I have to get a cherry lime...for ol' times sake...This is one of the few places that can make me a pineapple malt when I am in need.You can stop in at 9am and get breakfast or their burgers...they offer their full menu all day.  Their food is ok.  Often I get a craving for some tater tots or their french toast sticks.  More often than not I order one of their kids packs with a slush and go on my merry way....
4	Consistently good and the best service for any fast food chain!  Our server was friendly, enthusiastic, appreciative and professional - a winning combination!  I love the Cherry Limeade...so delicious, every time!
3	I have been going to this location since I started my job in the area in December. In the morning this location offers large drinks for a dollar. I get the same thing every time I go there; mango iced tea. I noticed the first time I went that it came to $1.29. I did not have time to dispute it as I had to go to work. I went multiple times after that and the cost was $1.07. The server/manager a tall guy w/blind hair (I never remember to get his name) is always pleasant. However this morning I went and they charged me $1.29. I brought this to the attention of the server (whom's name I can't recall) an older shorter lady w/ long black hair. She was very nice and went inside to double check with the manager who's name is Anna. She came back out and said the manager was charging me for the mango flavor. The manager did not even have the customer service skills to come out and soak to me herself. I paid the amount however was not pleased with the manager. I may well try this location again and if they charge incorrectly again I will not return, and make a report to their corporate office since this specific manager is clearly not customer oriented.
4	delicious like always, they are getting a little pricey but still good...
2	Two attempts to get the food we ordered. Not a smooth running process. Carhops not checking on orders after delivered. Bathrooms a bit on the yucky side. Been to  a lot of well run Sonics. This one could use a refresher on service and cleanliness. Food was okay.
3	I work very close by and I usually get my snacks here after work. food is your average fast food. But the service is very fast since I get super hungry after work and wanted a grab and go food right away. I ordered chili cheese tots one time . the server gave it to me in a bag. No reminder or heads up that o need to get the bag through the side the way he handed it to me. So I took the bag. Held it like what other fast food bag (grabbed on the top). And next thing I know I got chilli cheese all over the bag inside .. I asked nicely if I can get another one. they were kind enough to change it. But the server looked so pissed.. :(. I was I said thank you and he just walked away..
