3	So I inherited my friend's goldfish due to his moving out of state. He had him in a fish bowl that looks like a really big cognac glass. But I read that a larger tank is healthier for the fish and easier to maintain. So off I went to the big pet stores.Comparing Petco and Petsmart, I think the former has a nicer layout. I like how the aquariums are at the store center and everything radiates out from that. Unfortunately, this doesn't necessarily translate into an easier shopping experience (for me anyway). Petsmart's more pedestrian aisles are easier to navigate and find things. Also, Petsmart seems to have a better selection. I ended up buying some items at Petsmart, but I liked a couple of aquarium decorations that were available at Petco.In any case, Petco works for me. It has all of your basic pet needs and it's on the way home for me. I've even seen dog training occur in the store.
1	Do not buy salt water fish from this corrupt company . They will sell you sick fish and when you bring them back within 12 hours they just cite their policy on return of saltwater fish: NO RETURNS ON SALTWATER FISH!!!!DO NOT BUY SALT WATER FISH THERE - They will happily sell you sick fish and then refuse to fix the problem even within 12 hours!THESE PEOPLE ARE SCAMMER and their 12 year old manager is a complete loser!!
4	Oh why oh why can't this Petco be near me? It's big, it's fully stocked and it doesn't smell! The outside seems far plainer than a few other Petco stores I have visited it but it is made up for in the inside by the fabulous selection of grain and gluten free cat food. The layout is a bit strange, all of the food seems to be against the wall and the aisles go in "U" shape. But no matter, they had almost every single brand of cat food I was looking for, Merrick, Natural Balance, Nature's Variety, Blue Basics etc. and they had bunches of canned food selections. My kitties got to have all sorts of yummies!
1	Can I give it a zero?  I bought a new chew toy for my 11 month old puppy at Petco.  It is a "chew" toy - made for chewers and designed to be chewed called the Multi Texture Chew Ring by Petstages.  Unfortunately, within mere minutes, my puppy chewed apart all 4 of the rubber balls attached to the rope, and pulled the rope to shreds in one part of the rope ring.  I was shocked that he did that so quickly.  Most of his toys last at least a couple weeks, some much longer, and he chews them all.  I brought the chewed up bits and the rope ring, along with my receipt, back to Petco later that same afternoon.  The clerk would not get a manager because supposedly she was "on break."  The clerk told me that there was nothing that Petco would do as far as exchange it, because nothing was wrong with the toy - it was "my dog's fault for chewing it so quickly."  Another clerk showed up to the register and agreed with the first clerk.  I explained that I understood my dog chewed it up - I did not deny that - but to chew it to pieces within minutes is not my dog's fault - the "chew" toy is obviously not durable.  They refused to do anything at all for me even though I shop there often, I live within a couple miles of the store, and I am a pet lover and would end up buying much more than that $12 chew toy over the years to come.  I explained that PetSmart has told me that if a dog chews apart a toy immediately, to bring it back for a full refund so I thought Petco would have the same policy.  Neither clerk bothered to contact the manager or to exchange it.  An 11 month old puppy has many years of food, grooming, toys, clothes, leashes, and accessories to acquire and I will not be purchasing any of them at Petco ever again.  They lost my plentiful business over a $12 chew toy and their poor customer service.
5	I am enthused about this store. I totally dig it. I am a cat owner, and most of the floor space is dedicated to other animals, but I find what I need and the prices are usually good when things are on sale. I like the refillable kitty litter, though it could be cheaper I totally get that this store is a for-profit business.I like the employees at this store. They are genuinely friendly.
4	This is our usual spot to drop off the pooch.  He knows this place and loves everyone who takes care of him.  It's kept very clean and doesn't smell at all like animals!  Rocky is always well taken care of and they know exactly who he is.   Right when we walk through the door.. Rocky's little booty and stub of a tail is shakin and bakin'... he's pulling back but moving foward.   He's always not so sure if he's happy or not to be there to be bathed... but he loves running up to the employees to say hi!We usually only come here for grooming services, so this is mostly regarding the grooming salon.  Our favorite lady is no longer working there... but she was the best.Rocky comes out clean, pristine, and ready to nap!  It was very cool of them to tell us that he's great at cutting nails and suggested we petty paw him since they've trained him to get used to it and be still.  They didn't have to tell us that but they did.  The store is huge... it's categorized efficiently and they offer a LOT!  Toys, food.... beds- lizards, fish!   Cool store in a cool plaza.  Lots to do!
3	Similar to Petsmart but IMO, not as clean and organized. Sales are great as well as Petco card savings. I seem to go back and forth between Petco and Petsmart. They both have stores close to home, and staff is friendly and helpful.
5	This store, alone, is the only reason I am still a Petco customer.The store is clean and the staff is friendly. I love how the store is set up. Everything is so easy to find. I had been looking for particular items. I had called the store to see if they had the items in stock. Not only were the items in stock, but the manager offered to hold the items for me until I could get to the store that evening.I arrived - and the manager brought my items to the cashier stand AND the clerk had asked me if I needed help in finding anything else. I was able to utilize my Petco Pals rewards coupons with ease - AND the clerk was happy that I had been able to utilize them.This was a VERY different experience than my miserable experiences with dealing with the Petco store on E. Serene. Had it not been for the cleanliness of this store--as well as the exceptionally friendly and knowledgeable staff--Petsmart would have a new customer.As it is I will shop in this store.And I will ONLY shop in *this* store!
4	Liking this store more and more. All of the staff is super nice and always make a fuss over our pooch. We just started dog training classes with Tim, so far they're great. The store seems tidier. Having the Petco rewards card has its benefits too, I'm always getting coupons on my receipts or in my emails.The only bummer is they no longer carry the big bag of the dog food we feed our puppy, so we have to go elsewhere to get it. Otherwise this has become our go to pet store.
3	Petco is normally one of my favorite places to go when I've got my boxer with me. She loves to sniff every single item in the store while picking out a new treat. My husband and I stopped in to pick up some food for Miss Delilah and we couldn't find what we normally get her. There was some sort of food-expert there and walked me through the organic brands. I was VERY specific when telling her that we needed something sans-chicken and red food coloring. She sent us on our way with a new bag of food, and wouldn't you know it - we had an allergic reaction due to there being chicken meal in it. Poor Delilah is on a round of allergy meds as we speak, and we headed off to PetSmart, where they carry Simply Nourish. I'm not blaming it all on the food-expert lady. I should have only trusted my own eyes when buying food for my dog-ter. Other than that the store was just like your typical Petco. :)
4	This store has good service 95% of the time there are a few people there that I constantly go back to ( like Tim). The first time I went in he was very knowledgeable and helpful when I was trying to get started on taking care of my new puppy which is a  malshi aka Maltese/shih tzu.  He didn't try to push me into buying anything over the top crazy. I will keep coming back to this store since it has all my necessities for my new pup and its right next door to me. Look out for sales sometimes you can get a killer deal and sign up for their rewards card!
2	Staff manager isn't that friendly or helpful, and they never have what I want in stock. It is closer to my house than PetsMart, but after three unsuccessful trips I will just head to the competitor spot to get what I need.
5	Gabby and Lisa are great! They did an amazing job grooming my two babies Lincey (my goldendoodle) and Cosmo (my little terrier mix). Will be coming back, and requesting them:)
1	I know Walmart going to have better prices, but not this much lower.  The mark up on pet beds at Petco is ridiculous.  I found the some of the very same doggy beds (basically a couch pillow) at Walmart for $16-$22 that Petco sells for $45 and up!!  Their dog crates can be found online for less than half the Petco price on Amazon as well and I also found the same dry dog food at just about every grocery store I checked at lower prices (in most cases) than at Petco..even with a Petco card...the only reason to shop here would be for the wider variety of items and the grooming service, but I would definitely compare prices before buying anything here..especaily the doggy beds...ripoff!
1	This review is for the grooming salon and not for the store as a whole. I called in to ask if the had time for my two dogs to get groomed. The lady said yes and to bring them in. They close at 9pm and I never got a call telling me to pick up my dogs. So I went in anyway at 9pm and one was done, but she did she wasn't able to cut his nails becauSe he was being difficult. The other dog waS half done. She shaved his body hair too short and it was so choppy it looked like he got ran over by a lawn mower. She didn't get to cut his head at all so he looked really funny. She said "Sorry, I didn't have time to finish but you can bring them back tomorrow." First of all, when I asked if she had time she said yes. Otherwise, I would've brought them another day. Second, she still charged me full price for her half job. And I didn't even bother bringing my dog back the next day. What a hassle. Never bringing my dogs here to get groomed.
4	I have taken my dog to the grooming salon for the past year or so, and have always had a good experience!
4	The store is clean and has a wide variety of pet supplies.  The staff is friendly and always willing to take time to answer any questions you might have about your pet.
5	James groomed my Golden Doodle yesterday and did a GREAT job. Christy the store manager is so nice. She helped me above and beyond pet supplies.  Great store highly recommended.  Hitch and Doolie b
1	Do not get your dog groomed here! My dog looks like a blind person shaved him. Completely uneven! I cannot wait until it grows out. HORRIBLE!!
