1	Overpriced and service is not friendly. You can buy cheaper indian groceries at Lee Lee's Oriental Market.
3	Did you watch Seinfeld? Are you familiar with the soup nazi character? Well that describes the owner of this store. He is the Indian Grocery Store nazi. It doesn't matter how polite you are, the guy has issues and will find a way to be rude to you. Like the soup nazi, if you ask for products that he deems are easy to locate on the shelf, he will treat as if you are a moron and won't get out of his chair to help you. The guy will also never admit he is wrong such as him ringing up wrong items or failing to include all the items in your bad. It's always your fault and never his. Among the local Indians here, he is affectionately known as the Indian Grocery nazi. Unfortunately, we don't have another option in the area so we are forced to go here so if you don't live in Chandler, don't drive here.  Lee Lee's is good but it's not a full range Indian store and they lack many items. Yeah, if you want some achar, go to Lee Lee's, if you want something more unique, go to this store.  Seriously, someone should read this and open another store in Chandler. The rude service a tthis store will grant you instant business! On the positive side, the store was really clean and it's location is nice. The prices are slightly higher than average but still reasonable. They do carry Laxashami products and do offer more variety than Lee Lee for.  Lee Lee is only good if you want basics but they lack specialty products.
1	This place makes me realise that there is tremendous business potential for another Indian grocery store in the Chandler area. The owners hit the jackpot with the location and that is why they take every liberty to dole out substandard groceries. The expiry date is never mentioned on the packaging and if it is, it is usually wrong. The other day we bought some chapatis (Indian bread) with 22nd June '09 expiry clearly marked on it. When we opened the packet for dinner we found nothing but green fungus. On another occasion we bought some solidified pickle. There have been innumerable disappointments but we kept going back because there was no other option nearby. The first lesson that we learn in a Marketing class is that 'the customer always wins' and for now I have decided to shift my purchases to another store in Tempe.
4	They have a nice selection of groceries. I like that they carry name brand products like Laxami and Patak's. Some of the Indian grocery in Phoenix try to market their own brands instead of carrying mainstream and recognized brands. The store was clean, spacious and well lit.I have not noticed any expired food or expired dates. However, let's be honest this is a problem of all Indian grocery stores. They all try to sell expired products and you have to be careful and look at the labels and not buy strange or old looking cans or bottles of pickleThe only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is the service. They are not rude but they are not friendly or helpful either. The owner was reading a newspaper and didn't want to be disturbed with questions and doesn't smile or try to be helpful.  We were afraid to ask questions. The prices were fair and inexpensive. We spent $35 total and bought a small bag of rice, bag of po ha grain, large bag sabudhana, three bottles of achar, and several of bags of spices. This would have been $50 at Lee Lee's market or another grocery store in the valley.I would recommend coming here but just be aware not to ask too many questions to the owner. If you live in Chandler, this is the only grocery store in the area. If there was another one with friendlier service, we would shop there. Hopefully someone reads this and opens another store.
2	This place is alright. Just alright. They have some fresh grocery, lot's of indian snacks, and a freezer section with indian dishes and vegetables available. I used to only come to the shop to rent dvds but the quality was not the best. They run out of stuff sometimes so I usually call ahead to make sure they have what I need. The service is not friendly, they never offer help when you walk in nor is there a greeting. But one guy who works there occassionally is pretty cool. I just gotta go there bc it's the closest indian grocery store.
5	If you don't want to pay $4 for small 3 oz bottle of cumin or paprika, come to Ashoka grocery.  It is very ethnic, but you can get what most american's consider a lifetime supply of great fresh spices for the same price you would pay for just a 1oz container.  The Costco of spices.
4	Found all the spices I needed to make biryani for the first time. Considering the amount of spices I needed to buy, the prices were very reasonable. They even had fresh curry leaves!  Spice aisle was very impressive. Multiple brands & sizes of all spices.  Keep looking around if you want to find a smaller package. Ok, service.
5	While staying at  a hotel I needed things for an offering to the Lord...  I found everything I needed including incense, iconic photos of the Lord and sweets as the Lord specified I found....  I am not a big fan of gulab jamun however I hear the Lord is... and some delicious gulab jamun was available... Ashoka Indian Groceries is good enough for the Supreme Lord then it is great for me also....  The man was very nice and service thoughtful as well as appropriate,,,,
1	This is one of the worst indian stores I have ever been too. The owner or the person who sits over the counter is really really rude. I had gone to purchase sesame seeds from the shop which were marked 1.79$ and the owner charged me 2.99$. I confirmed the price in the aisle and told the person to re-check the price. He said I should go myself and check the brand and price because he is pretty sure this price was correct and I am wrong.Once I reconfirmed and told him, he walked with me to the aisle and saw that the price was indeed 1.79$. Rather than saying sorry or at least behave a little apologetically, he said its computers fault n its a big store, he cant remember everything!! His behavior was unimaginably rude and unprofessional.Would never recommend anyone to visit this store!
1	Owner is rude and has no respect. I am going back there every! I am better of at lee lee or Asiana
4	This is a great place to get all pooja stuff. They have it in a package so that you dont have to buy individually. The owner or the person at the reception has gotten better compared to before. Last time he helped me multiple times.  It is little pricy when compared to Lee Lee or Asiana.
