4	Crazy Jim's is a small greek joint with an eclectic menu. They serve all of the following: sub sandwiches, pitas, burgers, pizza, spaghetti dishes, gyros, baklava, calamari, and dozens of salad combinations.I've only had their gyros and pizza - both of which I would recommend.Also - the staff are always friendly and quick in my experience.
3	For now, Crazy Jim's gets 3 stars. That's a fair, middle of the road rating for a decent restaurant. Apparently, I didn't realize it was a Greek restaurant, so what do I do? I order a Ham and Pineapple calzone. It wasn't the best I've had but it was still pretty good. My lunch companion ordered a gyro with a side of pasta salad, and I have to say that it looked better than my meal and cost about three dollars less. I tried the salad and the abundance of feta made it taste great. Other menu items include subs, pasta and salads (with or without lettuce. All the breads and crusts are made fresh daily on site.My only complaints with this restaurant are that it's very, very small. So small that I noticed a table pushed entirely into the back corner so that only two chairs on the exposed sides could be seated at it. Also, I was quite literally back to back with the gentleman dining at the table behind me. It was also fairly busy (which speaks well for them and their business) and difficult to hear what my friend was attempting to tell me. Oh well, I doubt it was very important anyway...If I go back to sample the Greek fare, I may be tempted to add a star but until then, this rating is based primarily on my choice of entree.
5	Personally I don't care how small and awkward this place is -- the fact of the matter is that they serve up the best calamari Greek salad I've ever had and their pita bread can't be beat: soft, freshly baked -- how can you leave without gobbling down every single piece?My friend took me here in the middle of a Phoenix dust storm. Cold and wet and dirty outside, the interior of Crazy Jim's felt warm, cozy, and womblike. Fellow diners were a mixture of office workers, policemen, and working people.Funky and rustic are words that come to mind. Come for the food. That's what this place is all about.
5	This place is great... I have tried numerous things on their menu and have never been disappointed.  Their Greek salad is excellent... lots of feta and vegetables.  Their subs and pitas are very good too.  I have only had the steak sub and the chicken picato pita.  Watch out for the jalapenos can be very spicy.  Their hummus with pita is also very tasty.
5	Well, I got there in pelting rain, so based on the other review with inclement weather, it seems the time to visit is in a storm.  Must do something good to the kitchen staff, because everything was quite tasty.Mad props to the delicious gyros - piles of delicious meat on top of a soft pita bread barely large enough to handle the mammoth pile of savory beef.  No need to order extra tzatziki sauce, the amount given by default was plenty and unlike many gyros the meat was still tender and moist.Love the crazy decor inside and the friendly staff just topped off the experience.  Would definitely recommend to newcomers in the area since I never would have found the place by judging by the sparse building outside.This Jim *IS* crazy...crazy delicious!
4	Crazy Jim's is one of those places that all the "in" people know about.  It has been around for ages and has probably been packed each night since the day they opened.They have several locations, but this is the one I like best.  The atmosphere is Mediterranean-casual. It's the kind of atmosphere I love that reminds me of past adventures in remote corners of Athens, or or little hole in the wall places on the Spanish coast.  For those who don't travel, that means the tables are Formica topped and too close to a noisy kitchen, the aisles are small to non-existent, and the the lighting is an inconsistent no-frills kinda thing that leaves people in one room struggling to read the menu while those in the other room are wishing for sunglasses.  I've seen bigger bathrooms in motor homes.  The only thing missing is the European coffee that no one seems to be able to imitate here. Or maybe they just don't want to.The menu is big enough for anyone to find a favorite.  They have traditional Greek salads with and without lettuce, pizzas of all varieties, pasta, gyro (pronounced yeer-o) platters and sandwiches, and fantastic calamari.  Dishes are big enough to split, and the pita bread is soft, and fresh off the grill.
4	BEST PITA BREAD IN TOWN, MADE FRESH!They no longer have "several locations"; the one on Bell Road closed down.  I really like this place.    Jim is often in charge of the food at the Greek Festival in the fall at the church near Lincoln, so you know the Greeks like and respect him!
5	I've been going to Crazy Jim's for at least 12 years and it is one of my favorite spots for anything Feta. I have probably had every item on the menu throughout this 12 year relationship and have never had anything I did not like. Here are my top 5: 1. Gyro Feta Pita (loaded with gyro meat, onions, tomatoes, and feta)2. Spring Mix Chicken Feta Salad (Enough to feed two people)3. Calamari Feta Salad (Crunchy and tasty) 4. Penelope Pizza (Chicken and Artichoke)5. Fresh Warm Pita Bread (a must have)The restaurant is cozy, casual, clean, and the staff is very friendly and prompt.  I have tried other Greek restaurants in Phx that have either been way to gimmicky or a total bust and none compare to Crazy Jim's. If anything ever happened to this place I would go "CRAZY"!!!!!!
4	Crazy Jim's catered a lunch meeting I attended while in Phoenix, and I was so completely mesmerized by this amazing pizza that I barely paid attention to the meeting.  Remember Sbarro's? That's what this pizza reminded me of; giant, plate-sized slices of cheese and grease...mmmmm.   I would go back to Phoenix solely for more pizza.
4	Although it sounds like a wack-job fly-by-night TV warehouse just from the name, don't be fooled nor should you underestimate the impressiveness of this grub-haven on 15th Ave. Last weekend my friend and I had an intense craving for Greek that neither Pita Jungle nor other places could handle.  We realized that this place Crazy Jim's might be up to the task.  I had been told multiple times by friends who work in Central Phoenix about this place (another location on Washington is bonus), only to find myself busy, wanting something else, blah, blah, blah.The freshly made gyro feta pita was heavenly. The pita was fluffy, the gyro strips were tender and flavorful and the feta cheese and tzatziki dressing were the icing on this cake, so to speak.  The accompanying steak fries are thick and crispy. Bobo opted for the spicy beef pita and was lovin it.The environs are rough around the edges, but this low-key and spartan cafe delivers, amid the sound of local radio piped in via loud speaker.  The focus here is on the food and nothing else.  The servers were prompt, friendly and chatty, but not too much.The menu is rife with tantalizing options including pita pizzas, pastas, subs and burgers, but I've never desired to stray from the solid and delicious pitas.
5	Their Feta Shrimp Salad is my favorite.  It's by far the best Greek salad I've ever had.  There are tons of vegetables, the perfect amount of shrimp - grilled just right, and the pita they serve with it..delicious.  The service is a little slow at lunch time because they get a rush hour thing going on.  1pm it clears up a little.  The staff is great though, very friendly and totally accommodating.
4	We tried Crazy Jim's on a whim the other night  - Very good!!  The reviews here do not lie.  They have the softest, fluffiest, yummiest pita bread I have ever had!  It was almost like Indian fry bread... but not as fried.  Yum.We had a couple of small pizzas, some hummus, and a side salad.  The prices were reasonable, the service was fantastic, and the food was awesome. My only complaint about Crazy Jim's would have to be the cramped dining area.  We squeezed in between a couple on a first date and a couple who had clearly been married since time began.  An interesting dichotomy (we are newly married...), but I am one that likes a little private dinner conversation (you know?)Anyway, I think CJ's would be fantastic for lunch, takeout, or a quick low key dinner.  Go there.  Eat some yummy pita.  Leave full.
4	Crazy Jim's, I've never meet him but his foods crazy good.  I can eat the ptia bread all day, i think they make it in house.   I enjoy a great Gyro, *yearo Jyros" at Jim's. The wraps fill you up and never disappoint me when I have it late because their to big for me to finish at the restaurant.  If you like treating your pallet  always try a new appetizer here, their located on the front of the menu so don't rush to open it as soon as you get one.  This Mediterranean place can give Pita Jungle a run for its quality.
3	Last year I would've given this place 5 stars.  I really like this place. Their food is really good, especially the crazy calamari salad.  But my hub and I went there for lunch yesterday and both of us noticed the change in portions.  Back in the day we could only order an appetizer and a crazy salad.  The portions were big enough we could share and be perfectly fed without being too full.  So yesterday we began our lunch with our normal ordering style and when the food came we realized the portions were so much smaller that we had to order more food.  We also noticed the plates and serving platters were smaller.  Clearly Crazy Jim has decided to deal with the crappy economy by giving patrons less food and charging the same price.  The food was still very tastey.  The service was still fair (never been great).   But as the ecomomy is hitting us too, we decided Crazy Jim's has now been moved from the "Awesome Crazy Deal" category, to the "Maybe if I have a craving"  category.     Bummer.
4	I finally made it back to Crazy Jim's... and just as I remembered, it was crazy delicious!I was taken to Crazy Jim's for the first time when I moved here several years ago... and I remember it being somewhere on the avenues downtown - obviously, I didn't know my way around the Valley yet.  Now I'll never forget where CJ's is located; it's easy - on 15th Ave just south of Indian School!Upon entering, it's easy to tell that CJ's has been around for a long time - it's comfortable, casual, and packed during lunchtime; filled with regulars I would assume.  (I'd be a regular if I lived or worked closer to the location.)I can only write about their salads and pita bread, but that's enough for me... the pita is pitalicious - I could eat the whole basket if I weren't so carb conscious.  It's sweet and savory and served warm and oh... so good!  The feta they use in the salads tastes like it's straight from the dairy farm; it melts in your mouth.  I have to explore the other menu options one day, and I have a feeling they won't disappoint.I definitely will not wait so long to return to Crazy Jim's!
4	Gabi's review got me jonesing for CJs so I headed back over for lunch. Maybe it's a middle age thing, but I always forgot how good they are in between visits.Since I live close by, this is pretty much how CJs and I roll: 1) hit up website, 2) read entire menu 4 to 14 times, 3) pare down top 10 selections to 1 or 2 and call in order, 4) hop in car, and 5) return home 15 minutes later for a private pig out on the coffee table (so I have room to spread out). They do offer delivery, but it takes longer to get my feast on and I don't always need / want $15 of food.Since it's all pretty much been said, let me just tell you the few things that make CJs a stand out:* I have never found one thing on their menu that I wouldn't order again. * There is nothing that CJs feta doesn't make better... bring it!* I could eat my weight in their pitas and never tire of them.* The creamy greek dressing is 'lick your plate clean' to die for.* You will not find a better deal on baklava anywhere in the city (seriously it would be hard to get the ingredients for the price they charge).If you are eating in, grab a cold beer or some wine to wash down your meal (and they are working on upgrading their liquor license, so they will have mixed drinks soon).Don't let the location or the homey diner atmosphere fool you. This place serves up incredible food made from insanely fresh ingredients with flavors to match!
4	I inadvertantly went to the Washington location online menu tonight when I was trying to decide what to order and discovered that the prices at that location are between $1.50 and $2.00 more per item. I completely understand the need to have higher prices to cover the location costs, but am even more pleased that this location is closer to my home.
4	Sketchy name indeed, but their grilled chicken pita sandwich is the bomb! It was filled to the brim with saucy, tasty goodness. I still think about that damn sandwich. I need to go back soon!Interior was a bit lacking, service was OK, but the food is sooo worth it. Looking forward to trying other things on the menu.
5	i've been going to Crazy Jim's for eons.  the place is more crowded than it used to be, but our waitress, Myrna, ensured that we had absolutely everything we needed and that our drinks were never, ever even close to empty.  my friend marveled over the fresh, sticky feta in her gyro with feta.  i was on a hummus kick, so i marveled over the freshly prepared hummus.  even on a busy night, the staff was attentive.  the food was excellent, and the prices reasonable.  i left a hefty tip for our waitress.  the meal, ambience, and service was worth every penny.
3	Mmmmm, they're pita bread is divine! Golden buttery and grilled warm, with more deliciousness folded inside. Must admit - I've never actually eaten on site, but have come in to pick up and I'm pretty sure I'm not missing anything by only eating out.Warning: if you do delivery or pick up, the fries will be "sweaty" or just downright soaked by the time they make their way to your mouth. A sad fact I can't seem to come to terms with and keep doing. But the other side option - past salad, I think - isn't very good.
4	Mmmmmmmm Saganaki!This place is a very good value, delicious really!Kind of a cute little dive with AMAZING food.This place makes me think of a few close friends who brought me there.Good times! Good place!
4	I would have never guessed this place had such great food from the outside.  I ordered a Crazy Chicken Salad and it was so delicious and fresh and big!  The service was great.  The hummus was good, but too pricey.  I wish they had some other Mediterranean selections, like chicken schwarma or kabobs.  And it'd be nice if they had some booth seating rather than just tables, but I'm definitely going back for another crazy salad!
5	A friend and I just ate here last night.  It's been awhile and I was reading reviews for Phoenix Restaurants when I got to CJ's so it made me think about going again.I love this place.  Not fancy or trying to be something it isn't.  Just great food plain and simple.The Crazy's are my favorites and whiile I get into a rut with ordering the same thing over and over again - I broke out of my usual "Crazy Calamari" or "Crazy Gyro" habit (two favorites of mine for years) and ordered the "Crazy Halibut"... GEEZ... YUM!All of the Crazy's come on a big plate with cucumbers, onions, Feta and Pepperocinis and everything is dressed in their salad dressing (which is simple and fresh).  Did I even mention the Pita?  I can't.. it'll make me wanna go for lunch.  Just try it!
5	If you're from a part of the country that has Greek diners or small, homey Greek restaurants and you crave that food, this is the place for you. I have to eat lunch here once a week. What it lacks in atmosphere is made up by the warm pita bread, large servings and everything feta. I don't usually eat salads for lunch, just not enough food. However, a salad at Crazy Jim's is a satisfying, delicious meal. The Greek salads can be topped with huge strips of grilled chicken, tasty gyro meat or calamari. The lettuce-free salads, called Crazy Salads, are to die for. The tzaziki sauce is great and most of the combinations in the salads are also be served as pita sandwiches.Fresh down-home food that never disappoints.
5	underscore the tastiness of the pita bread. so, so good. i was really sad when i realized i had finished my gyro feta pita.french fries are really, really good. that's probably not why you would come here, but those little bonuses are memorable.i also had a side salad and the dressing was unlike any greek dressing i've had before-slightly creamy, not to heavy, not too acidic. yum.oh, very small dining area so you might want to call them if you've got a larger group.
5	Crazy Jim's is a lesson in not judging a book by its cover. It's small and hidden away, but it's definitely worth finding. The salads here are so delicious! Do yourself a favor and try any of the salads preceded by the word "Crazy". They are no-lettuce salads consisting of mountains of cabbage, cucumber, onion, and tomatoes with a light oil and vinegar dressing and topped off with huge chunks of feta and the meat of your choice. My fav is the Crazy Gyro, which is pretty self-explanatory. Plus, all of the salads are served with their pita bread. Bonus - the pita bread is fantastic! Try any of their pitas if you're not in the mood for salad, you won't regret it. My sister also swears by their pizzas. The Ellen is her preference - white sauce, chicken, cheese and spinach on a pita bread crust.  Seriously, is there anything that their pita bread can't make delicious?
3	I don't get the hype.  Sure the pita bread is good, the produce is fresh, the portion sizes are large and the service quick,  but I found the overall experience to be nothing more than mediocre.  The gyro was bland, the feta and olives were nothing more than grocery store passable, and the seasoning was non-existent.Perhaps I am overly critical, having eaten at great Greek restaurants in other cities (I've noticed that ethnic places - Mexican aside - are over rated across the board in Phx), but as a 'Greek' restaurant this place falls flat.  However, as it is a change from the ordinary casual dining venues, and is close to home, I'll likely be back, but next time I'll choose the pizza or pasta, (with a side of pita) as the Greek and 'Crazy' salads did nothing for me.
5	mmmmmmmm steak sub mmmmmmmmmmmmmmSorry.. had to wipe the drool up.  Ok... The sub was VERY good and filling.  Pasta salad was excellent as well.  Very glad we tried Crazy Jim's vs the same old fast food crap that we normally get. One of my Co-workers got the Chicken Patra Sub and was very happy with his sub as well.  As someone else noted: the fries go to us "wet" by the time we got it back to the office.  I suggest going for the pasta salad! We will be adding this to our weekly spot for lunches now!
4	Best pita bread IN THE VALLEY! I crave the pita bread enough to make me order a salad (a basket of it comes as a side with a salad) and their Ranch dressing is tasty (Hidden Valley packet tasty). My go-tos are: the goat cheese (with spring greens) or the gyro feta salad. Salads are around $10 but pretty filling.Non-pita lovers can get burgers or pizza :)
5	Pizza day at the office... it was GREAT!  ZERO grease!  We had the Hawaiian Pizza.  It was big enough for 3 of us to get filled up on!  All of the ingredients seemed to be of the highest quality.  Very happy with lunch today!
4	No Lettuce salads are dee-lish!What's in a no-lettuce salad, you ask? Well obviously no lettuce... but cabbage, onions, calamata olives, cucumbers, tomatoes, onions and feta cheese. All salads are served with their awesome pita bread.Some things I've tried here(not in one sitting):- roasted red pepper hummus- calamari- calzone- jalapeno burger- chicken picado pita- steak picado sub- crazy chicken saladThis place is small but not short of service. HOWEVER, do not confuse this with the downtown location. That location is no bueno.
4	Great Pizza and Pitas, these guys are right down the street from work and we bring back lunch to the office about twice a month. Fresh ingredients, lots of cheese, cant go wrong. If you are showing up around lunch 11:30-12:30, it will be busy.
1	My husband and I went to Crazy Jim's this week based on the other reviews. All I can say is that we were crazy for going.  We will not return. The only thing that was good were the pitas.
4	Yum! What the hell are they putting in the food/pitas here? It must be jesus-sauce or crack-sprinkles. My best guy friend who lives a block away and I ventured over for lunch today and hotdamn, we were not prepared for what we had.As soon as we walk in we look over to our right and see a massive, sexy, salad topped with beef, feta, veggies and peppers. I think our simultaneous heart-flutters could be heard, as the couple looked up at us and smiled. We were seated quickly, which surprised me given the tiny dining area and it being prime lunch rush time (12:30pm). Our hostess wasn't the most cheery, upbeat girl I've had the pleasure to be seated by, but it was quick and no nonsense so no big deal there.Our drinks came out quick and we didn't feel over pressured due to our indecisiveness, our server was very polite while checking every 4-5 minutes to see if we'd made our selections. It took us a few checkups but we made our decisions and we eagerly anticipated the coming fury of gyro and beef via pita and salad. Our meals came out quite quickly (around 7-8 minutes) and we were not disappointed. The fries I received with my Gyro Picado Pita were the thin oil fried type and with a light salting (and peppering) they were delicious. My dining mate's salad looked great as he picked pita pieces and went to town with gusto. No complaints from his side of the table. Also, we had several refills on drinks that were quick and did not interrupt our feast.My pita sat for a few minutes while I chowed my fries down, as I like to savor them hot, and I immediately regretted not delving into the gyro sooner. I probably didn't even need my tzatziki as the peppers, jalapenos and gyro meat were all perfectly tasteful. I usually try to keep my portions smaller, but there was absolutely no chance of that happening, I took down the pita in probably a minute and a half flat.We got a box for leftover salad. Check came out quick and was returned quick. All in all, a great experience. Quick, filling, delicious and well priced.
5	I've been searching all over Phoenix ever since moving back here from Los Angeles, CA and finally found the gyro I have been endlessly searching for!We park in the back of the cute little venue, and notice a sign that says, "Please do no put feet on the wall", ummm.. okay.. I'll be sure to keep that in mind..We walk in, get greeting, order, get served, QUICK!The food was so delicious. My mouth waters every time I think of this place! If only my stomach could handle it more often I'd be there so much more :)The place is small, but cute! I didn't mind! The staff was so attentive and nice! Five stars all the way!
5	My favorite place for Mediterranean food in the Valley. I am going to miss this place now that I am in Seattle. My boyfriend got me hooked on Crazy Jims. Our favorite dish is the halibut salad. We are both vegetarians but we do eat fish and they have the best Halibut in AZ. You know what I mean if you ever tried finding good fish in AZ. Fish is not easily found in the desert. They have the absolute best house salad dressing. I don't know how they make it but it taste creamy and lemony at the same time. Their pitas are warm and fluffy and their hummus is delicious. It was always a treat to have dinner there. Good bye Crazy Jims!
4	it's a tiny hole-in-the-wall type of place but it was very surprising! the place was packed when i stopped in for lunch. for the money it was worth every bite. a huge plate of gyros and giant cup of iced tea. i'll be making another stop here in the future.
4	Best pitas in the world!!
3	I am just not to crazy about this place.Some of my friends who work near me took me here saying it was amazing. The full and hard to navigate parking lot I thought may be a indicator that this place was good. We had a short crowded wait inside, and then we made it to our table.I went with a salad as I was told they are the best. However it was mostly just ice burg lettuce, some feta  a few olives and a small bit of pita.The pita was good, but otherwise my salad felt like a ripoff for $8 and I was still hungry,I may go back and try the pasta or a pizza but I am in no rush.Maybe some people are just crazy to liek Jim's?
4	It was a bit loud but the portions were generous and tasty. I'll definitely be back.
4	I wanted something different for lunch, so I checked out the menu here and everything looked delicious. I ordered their Crazy Gyro Salad (which has no lettuce)....but man, it was super tasty. Nothing over the top incredible, just darn good food. I gave them an extra star because they were super helpful and extremely nice. Oh, and try their Sangria....very refreshing on a hot afternoon!
5	I could eat this 3 times a week and never get tired of it. The most amazing Chicken Feta Salad... ever!! Large portions and they do not hold back on the feta! The staff is frendly and amazing, the food is great. I love this place! How could I forget the pita bread... mmmmmmmmmm! This location is my favorite, but is pretty small. Go early and be patient. It is definitely worth it!
4	My girlfriend and I were hungry and wanted to try something new, so we hopped on the netbook and fired up Yelp. We tried Crazy Jim's, and boy was this a good pick. When we 1st rolled up to CJ's my girl was like "I don't know about this!!!" I said "lets just go in and take a look, if it is clean inside then lets try it". Once inside the place was small but quaint and most important it was CLEAN. So I ordered a veggie pita and got the pasta salad as a side. The food was ready pretty fast and I had envisioned something like a sandwich that you pickup and eat but it was all laid out over my plate. The pita was very good and I give a big thumbs up to, the pasta salad was kinda plain. My girl has a greek salad and she liked it but wasn't too crazy about the dressing. I would definitely go back to Crazy Jim's and eat. As a matter of fact anytime I am craving that veggie pita, your boy "E" will come to visit. ps. Our server was great also, friendly, fast and helpful.
4	Long waits. No parking. DELICIOUS food. What else do you need to know?
5	Let me just say that the most important part of a Greek salad (besides the Feta) is the dressing.  Crazy Jim's knocks that out of the water.  When I first started coming here I'd order the grilled chicken Feta salad.  Excellent - and huge.  Their pita is awesome.  Then I discovered the calamari Feta salad.  OMG.  I'm addicted.I always get the same waitress and she's as friendly as she is beautiful.As long as I work in the area I'll be there over and over again.  Even if I change locations I'll probably drive.
4	Food was great! Pita is amazing... Prices are a little high for lunch and the area/parking is not great.
4	Had the feta gyro pita here with pasta salad. Holy crap the portions were huge. The gyro itself was tender and juicy, and the feta was copious (a little over the top), and the pita....so so good. The pita is really where this place shines. Oh yeah, its not pasta salad if you just give me a thing of penne pasta thats cold. But, good value its like ordering a gyro with a pasta dish. My co-workers really liked their chicken salad, and from the looks of it, they don't go lighthanded with chicken, so great value there.It's a little weird that the same dish costs $2 less when you take-out versus dine-in....same portion size....But still Crazy Jim's is decent to good food, good portions, and pretty good price. Good place for lunch.
5	Love love love this place!  The pita bread is crazy good and the gyros make me melt!
2	The review by Jessica S. is correct -- the dressing for the salads is delicious and they put it on the side...so that is two positive things for the two stars I gave them.  However - if I pay over $10.00 for a salad...I want something OTHER than iceburg lettuce (even if it's just a little romaine and/or spinach) and pitted olives.  I asked for no grilled onions and light on the pepper -- when I received my plate, their were onions and peppers all over the place.  If you're going to offer "salads" as a main course...they should be worth it.  That was the worst $11.00 salad I've ever had.
4	I can't say I'm in the western avenues a lot, but in the future, whenever I make my way due west, I'll know where to get my Mediterranean fix! Crazy Jim's is hidden on 15th Avenue just south of Indian School. It's unassuming and you could easily drive right past it and never know the difference. But, take my advice and find time to stop in. You won't regret it. While in between meetings today, Gabi M introduced me to Crazy Jim's and I'm sure glad she did! We were seated by the friendly hostess in the narrow restaurant. Our drinks were brought out within minutes. We started with a side of hummus and pita bread and I opted for the Greek salad with chicken. I was told the dressing on the salad is excellent. The hummus came out in a bowl and the pita bread was fresh and warm. The hummus didn't have a ton of kick to it, but it still had the creamy hummus taste so it satisfied my chickpea craving. So here is where I shed some light on the concept of a salad from Crazy Jim's. Holy moly salad size! I think they gave me an entire chicken breast on the top of a salad of greens, tomatoes, olives, feta cheese and onions. The salad dressing came on the side and was creamy, delicious and definitely not low-cal (but I don't care)! The meal was hearty but not overly filling. I liked how the salad was hefty enough that I definitely didn't leave hungry for more. So in summary, there's nothing crazy about Jim's except the fact that they are crazy about their food and getting it right! The next time I find myself on 15th Avenue, I'll know where to go.
2	What is the excitement about this place? The food is below average, a bit overpriced, poor service and a zero for atmosphere. Greek pitas and they don't even have lamb.
4	The food is good here. The pita bread and Feta cheese are the best in town. Parking and entering the lot is a bit tricky at times, especially around rush hour. The funny thing is they have some of the best french fries in town. Who knew? All the food is tasty though. They have Gyros, Pizza, a great Chicken Picada Salad-yum. (And BTW, their house dressing is to die for!)  The place itself is kind of divey and small but the food is not. Enjoy!
4	I moved from Phoenix a number of years ago, and all I can say is that I STILLLLLLLLLLL pine away for the grilled chicken feta salad.  Jeeez, that is one helluva great salad.  The chicken was always flavorful and moist, with lotsa feta cheese, cucumber, kalamata olives, lettuce and tomatoes....and an AWESOME dressing.  The pita bread is to-die-for.......so soft, warm and utterly delicious.  I haven't had it in years, but it was so good, and I'm sure STILL IS, I just had to say something.  I know I will be returning there when I get back to Phoenix.
4	This was a great find. All bread, pita and doughs are made in house and that extra attention makes all the difference. The pita and pizza dough are especially good. Try a calzone or pita sandwich, you won't regret it. I particularly enjoyed the calzone with chicken, feta and artichokes. Yummy!
4	I feel so blessed that I haven't had to write a bad review lately.  One reason is I ate at Crazy Jim's!  Soooooooo good.  The hummus was creamy and you can tell freshly made.  The pita came out a little differently than I'm used to.  Instead of just warmed, it seems it was maybe fried in a little olive oil (I'm guessing) to make it a little crispier than other restaurants and tastier.  I'm a fan of this style.I got the chicken patra pita and there was so much chicken, cheese, and peppers that I had to eat it with a fork and knife.  There was no way I could pick that baby up and eat it without everything falling out.  The chicken was tender and juicy.  The tzatziki sauce was delicious.  My side salad was full of green, leafy lettuce.  Quality food.  Our server was so overly friendly too.  I can't wait to go back!  YUMMY!
5	Awesome pizza! Sadly that's the only thing I've sampled from there so far but after that I will be back for more!
4	I was just hanging out in Central Phoenix the other day and decided to use my handy dandy Yelp App to find a fun new place to eat. We were wanting to try something new and stumbled across Crazy Jim's.It's such a small restaurant with the tables pretty close together, so it certainly isn't anything special to look at but the food is really great! After reading some of the reviews we tried the Chicken Feta Salad and the Chicken Feta pita. The Salad was a really good size with all the fixin's and they certainly don't skimp on the Feta! The chicken feta pita was messy to eat but delicious! I don't think I've had enough greek food to have a super dependable opinion of how it's prepared but I really enjoyed it!The service gets a mixed review: one of our waitresses was very friendly, personal, and really fun to be around. Our other waitress was very even toned and not very engaging so between the two of them the service was good enough.
4	I was in a hurry one late afternoon and craving a salad. Luckily, Crazy Jim's was nearby to save me! Housed in an older building, Crazy Jim's is in a so-so neighborhood, and while I felt comfortable walking from the back parking lot alone, I probably wouldn't do so after dark. It's a small place with wooden tables (carved with Crazy Jim's logo) situated rather close to one another. Luckily I was there late afternoon and didn't need to deal with a large lunch or dinner crowd. I had the basic Greek salad with home made creamy Greek dressing. I'm often disappointed by salad dressing, but not this time...it was great! The portion size was large enough for an entree, but could suffice for two or more to share as a side. Many restaurants skimp on everything but iceberg, but this salad had several pieces of kalamata olives and the feta was piled high! The highlight of the meal had to be the pita. Served warm and cut into quarters, it was probably the most flavorful I've ever had! Too bad I didn't ask for extra to go. My server was fast, friendly and knowledgeable; so helpful with questions I posed about menu items. Speaking of which, since I've sampled so little of it, I'll be back to try the gyro pita and a few others I expect I will love!
5	The spicy humus was great (very spicy) yummy! I had the calamari salad as well, very impressed :) Ordered take-out, everything was delievered in a timely manner.
5	Uh-May-Zing!This Greek restaurant checked every box:Great serviceDelicious foodTerrific pricesUnique atmosphereIf youre looking to go out to eat and keep it light simple with no need to dress to impress this is a great place to go.
5	Stopped in for lunch today, to this Greek equivalent of Matt's Big Breakfast.  This little place is very busy, very friendly, & the parking is iffy, with an attendant to help make best use of the lot.  Inside, I found a stylish, inviting atmosphere, a crowd of cheery diners, & a fairly wide ranging menu to choose from.For this first visit, I went with the Gyro Pita & a bowl of Lemon Chicken Soup for my included side.  The soup was different & delicious, & the big, non-Kronos gyro was a terrific feast!  The service is a bit leisurely, so come here when you're not in a big hurry, relax, & have a good time!Gyro Pita with bowl of Soup $7.90.  I can't wait to come back to this great little restaurant!!     :-))
5	Amazing!! I work down the street and just found this place... Where have you been all my life :)  I NEVER  NEVER eat bread... BUT.. The pita is soooo good that I couldn't resist!! I had a chicken Swiss salad (I asked them to give me mix greens instead of Iceberg and they did.. with a charge, but I was happy to not eat iceberg). Kinda expensive for lunch.. but very much worth it... Do not judge a book by the cover, its cute inside and the staff is nice!
5	Where do I begin with reviews for this place. I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Greek Food!!!! This particular location is so small, an eye sore, & not in the best locations. You cannot judge a book by its cover though. The food is the BEST!I've tried almost everything there, but my all time favorite & that I always order every Friday is Spring Mix Ceasar Chicken Salad with the creamy Greek dressing. It comes with the most mouth watering Pita bread. If my body could tolerate eating here for lunch everyday, I would but I have to watch my girlish figure...without having to calorie count, haha!Every Friday!!! Crazy Jim's, Love it!!!!
2	I was in the mood to go out for dinner after work instead of going home, and I was getting hungry, so took out my cell, fired up my Yelp app, and scouted for a good local restaurant.  I found one promising tasty Mediterranean fare among other things, less than a mile away, so I made my way over there.  Good thing I didn't "check in" before I got to the door--they were closed for "summer hours".  Note to newer people in Phoenix--make sure the restaurant you want to go to is open in the evening before beginning the trek!So I went back to Yelp for another restaurant and now, in the mood for Greek, found another one nearby--practically around the corner.  Crazy Jim's.  Sorry, people.  Despite all the other rave reviews, I can not concur.  I went in and was seated pretty quickly.  The waitress was pleasant and set me up with some water.  I liked the tables with a design and "Crazy Jim" carved into them.  The other diners were real casually dressed with t-shirts and shorts--I felt dressed up with my dress shirt from work!  Since other Yelpers didn't rave about the hummus, I didn't order that as an appetizer, as it was also several dollars anyway.  There were two calamari salads, one with or without lettuce.  I went with the "Crazy Calamari Salad" with shredded cabbage instead of lettuce to try something different.The good: the pita.  A nice hot basketful of the slightly charred pita came out, which was great, as many places seem to microwave it and then it gets hard.The not so good: The calamari salad.  I have had a lot of calamari, so I consider myself a pretty good judge of quality calamari.  This was not it.  The calamari was heavily breaded, which may be why it seemed on the greasy side.  The breading wasn't very flavorful, and the calamari could have been a wee bit more tender.  The cabbage was good, the onions plentiful and somewhat sweet.  There was some feta, olives, and pepperoncini, but it was buried under the cabbage and cucumber, so you really had to excavate to find it.  Disclaimer: I'm not a big cucumber fan, so I left a lot of that on my plate.  The oil and vinegar dressing that is on the salad isn't too flavorful--I added some balsamic vinegar that is on the table for extra zip.Since I really hadn't eaten that much, I had room for dessert.  I inquired about them, and found they don't make their own, but decided to chance it anyway.  The main choices the waitress suggested were a "capuccino and chocolate mousse cake" (the menu said tiramisu--was this it?) and baklava.  I decided to try the cake.  A nice moderate-sized piece came out with a blob of white next to it.  The waitress explained that they were trying to serve it with whipped cream, but "it wouldn't keep its shape, so that kind of ruined the presentation."  Uh-huh.  Well, the cake was actually pretty good, but after I finished it, I realized I hadn't noticed much of a coffee taste.  But when I got to the parking lot, I burped, and I tasted it.  And that happened again.  And again.  What?!?!  Did they use coffee flavor or something?  Okay, so the verdict?  I've been to some other Greek places within a 2 mile radius of this place, as well as elsewhere in Greater Phoenix.  Do yourself a favor and try them--better atmosphere and food.  Unless their specialty is chicken, as some other reviewers seem to be saying.
1	We had a very bad experience here recently.  My friend arrived separately and parked where the attendant told her to.  He watched her park and wished her well as she went into the restaurant.  While we ate they had her car towed!  Four employees, including the owner, said they told us the car would be towed.  NO ONE said anything to us about the car during lunch.  What possible motivation could we have had to allow the car to be towed?  Cost $108.00 to retrieve car.  It was a very mediocre salad too!. Very small place - during half the lunch, someone was standing four inches from my elbow waiting to get out.  Yuck!  Never going there again.
5	They get top stars just for making sure we knew they weren't putting the rush on us!So we get there kinda late on Sunday evening,no worries...We're treated very well,staff warm and genuine.We both opt for different types of personal pizza.I got the cheeze...Simple,simple,but good and tasty.I never knew this place existed and look foward to going back and tryong something else!
4	Did not get to eat in as they were packed when lunch was catered at work their pita bread was nice and warm-delishus!
5	My first experience with Crazy Jim's was when my boss ordered it in for the whole office. It seemed like I had barely given our secretary the order when {poof!}, the food appeared! First impression: Crazy Jim's has Crazy Fast delivery! Then, I bit into the warm, doughy pita bread. Brushed with a bit of oil before grilling, it seems to be homemade, and was absolutely delicious! Second impression: Crazy Jim's has the best pita I've ever tasted...I moved onto to my chicken feta salad with creamy greek dressing. Chicken = slightly charred, but not too dry, and totally delicious. Feta = abundant and high quality. And then, there's the creamy greek dressing... oh my zeus, it is amazing! Creamy and garlicky and completely drool-worthy. I now crave it frequently! Overall impression: This. Place. Rocks.We still order in to for the office every once in awhile, but I also frequent the restaurant on my own. I've dined in and ordered takeout, and every time, the food is more than satisfactory. I must admit that I'm hooked on the chicken feta salad, and I have only slightly branched out from there (the goat cheese salad, which was good, but not as good as the chicken salad!), but my other half has eaten their calzones and other items and has always been pleased as well. We just moved less than half a mile away, so I can see a lot more Crazy Jim's in our future!
4	Best-Friend-At-Work loves this place.Went for lunch (they have a parking attendant it gets so crazy in that lot!). Fun.Pita is a little basket of love triangles. Yum.  Greek dressing - get a side of it no matter what you order.Add jalapeno to whatever you order, not only are they fresh but its grilled just enough to take the edge off but not so much that its limp.  Adds a pop of flavor to every bite.Gyro salad. Yes. Cukes & Maters are fresh. Feta is moist. Just a very enjoyable lunch overall.  Nice service. They don't rush you even when there is a line at the door.  I'll Be Back............
5	I've been eating here for 22 years so that should say enough. Best pizza, try the Ellen, to DIE for! I love the vibe here, small, friendly and the kitchen is spotless.
3	I have a difficult time understanding how this place has a 4-star average. I've been here several times and the food is always very mediocre and the service staff are consistently aloof and uninspired. Worse yet, it's about 20-25% overpriced. The calamari was soggy the 2 times I tried it, the gyros were very unimpressive and the salads are weak as well. This place needs some work and the staff need a wake up call.
3	I had been to Crazy Jim's many years ago. The friend who took me there was a huge fan, and I remember not being super impressed. Fantastic Mr. It's Complicated has been singing Jim's praises, and over the weekend I was craving gyros. I asked him to take me, and he did.Complicated ordered the flaming cheese (saganaki) which was quite tasty.I had the gyro pita, which comes with choice of fries, salad, pasta salad or lemon chicken soup. I opted for the soup.The soup was incredibly bland and tasted mass produced. (I have been spoiled by Cypress Pita Grill - theirs is amazing!). The gyro was serviceable. Pita was fresh and tasty, the tzatziki was one of the best I have ever had. The meat? Well, it looked and tasted like gyro meat, and I was hungry - it did the job. Then Complicated pointed out that he once bought a case of gyro meat from Restaurant Depot. And hey - this is the exact same stuff! Looking closer - this was not sliced right of the rotisserie. Every piece was identical in thickness, length and width. And each had perfectly rounded corners. Bah! Why did he have to say that? Now I know Crazy Jim's uses prepackaged frozen gyro meat. Instead of prepackaged frozen gyro meat that's at least put on the rotisserie and sliced just for me. There shouldn't be a difference. But there is. And Jim's drops down on my list. I'll stick with Cypress Pita Grill or Athens Gyros when the cravings hit.Maybe I'll explore other items on the menu - I like the room - and I adore dining with Mr. It's Complicated - so I'll venture to other items and just stay away from the gyros from now on.
5	Love this place - it's perfect in what it is trying to be - a place that has fresh food with a Mediterranean flair - husband and I have this on our list of answers when the question "what are you in the mood for" hits and we don't have plans - fast, great ingredients and delicious -
5	The best place to get chicken spring mix salad!!! Well that's what I always get, and it comes with soft delicious pita bread and their house dressing which is so good!  When I'm in the mood for a great salad, I always come here, and always leave satisfied.  You'll love their burgers and fries as well, its my husband that switches things up, but for me, I'm going to stay a Crazy Jims salad fan4life!! Why fix what's not broke?
1	The place is dirty, parking is rough. I just dont understand all the reviews...they are very misleading. Who wants to pay $10 for a Gyro in a dive like this. Even the glasses are plastic. I would not take a date there. i would not take a co-worker there. I would not go there for a business lunch. If I had just come off the basketball court with 3 other sweaty friends i might go there. Yuck...dont waste your time.
5	Been going to this place for years.  Best Pitas in AZ.  Salads are great too. Pizza is good and the homestyle frys are also great!  Don't go during the lunch rush hour!  It gets crazy!
3	Gyro was pretty good. I decided to order the one with Feta cheese. Way to much salty cheese and sauce. Staff was awesome and friendly.
5	I have been going to Crazy Jim's for a couple of years now. I have never had a bad meal here. Everybody I have taken to Crazy Jims feels the same way. This is a greek restaurant, but they offer a variety of food. Their salads are great (their chicken caesar is my absolute favorite). They also offer pasta and pizza, both great! The chicken feta pita is my most recent discovery that is amazing, instead of onions I have ordered cucumbers in this pizza, om nom nom!! The lunch rush does get fairly busy, but they have a parking attendant to help out in the lot. They also make the best pita bread i have ever had!
4	CrazyJim's is SO GOOD. Warning: this place has ZERO ambiance, however, don't let their lack of trend fool you. Their Greek food is incredible--some of the best in the valley. My boyfriend and I love to take out from this place on a busy weeknight. The staff is always friendly and the food is always A+. I'd give this place 5 stars in a heartbeat if they had a nicer atmosphere.Overall, take-out from Crazy Jim's if you're in the mood for delicious Greek food. You won't be disappointed.
4	I LOVE Crazy Jim's. It is super crowded at lunch time and lacks the most comfortable seating, but that's OK because they DELIVER!I haven't had anything bad on their menu, but the by far the best dish is the crazy salads. All of them are amazing and there's nowhere else in town to get a salad like that - no lettuce but cucumbers, cabbage, tomatoes, etc. instead. The feta cheese and pita bread that come with the salad both taste like they are made there from scratch - if they aren't you can't tell the difference. They also have the best salad dressings in town. The creamy greek and roquefort are my favorites. Both are a must try!Next time you have a busy day at work and can't make it out of the office for lunch, call Crazy Jim's and you won't regret it!
1	I liked this place, I would try and eat there or order out at least 2 or 3 times a month, but the last two times I have ordered Spaghetti and meatballs, I found that the meatballs were very old and hard on one side,(not funny)  the time before I ordered I just figured it was a bad day for this, then I just ordered another 2 meals of Spaghetti and meatballs on  Saturday Sept, 7th 2013 and found that both meals had very hard and uneatable meat balls, I could not even cut it with my metal fork. I called the restaurant and informed them that both meals were unacceptable and I told them that I would bring them the proof if they wanted me too, she declined and asked me if I wanted to have credit for both meals, for which I said yes. Now I get a call today Tues, 10th Sept, 2013 from Claudia that she was only going to credit me 1 meal, I told her that I was told different and she said that the person did not have the authority to grant me 2 meals, of course I informed her that I would not be taking my business to her anymore and I would not recommend this place to anyone again. I said that if she is willing to lose my business for a 10 dollar meal then I do not need to be eating there, I am sure if she would have made more of an effort to appease me, other than telling me that she would not cover both meals, I might not be writing this review at all. I am sure that they will get along with out my business but at least I know that if this happens to other places they would honor the first persons credit, I mean if she does not have the power to do that????? Then why is she in charge anyway. DONE.
4	Delicious no lettuce salads - except they need to chop their cucumbers smaller. Very yummy food overall. Hate the seating atmosphere. Everyone is on top of each other and not in a good way. But, you can get it to go so thats a bonus.
4	Had their pizza, that was awesome.  It was one loaded up with stuff that I can't remember, but it was fab.Went back tonight and was a tad disappointed in what came with the gyro platter.  Some good places that I've been to put a little medley of things, which it had but was just olives, and those green things that end in cini.  There's a place in Seattle that I have yet to find which compares.  These guys put rice, hummus, feta, olives, tzatziki, and a small greek salad on the side which you can make an awesome wrap with!  And there was more portion for the same price. The meat was good, and everything was good, but I won't order that again.  Seattle's ruined me.  If you are ever in Seattle, you must go to Mr. Gyro's.  I will confidently say that you will not find anyone who makes them better, if so, you got damn lucky!
5	Excellant food, excellent service.  Try the steak feta with grilled jalapeno on a fresh baked sub roll.  The fries are fantastic too.  We drive 15 miles into downtown Phoenix once a week just to eat here.  And we always bring home a pizza to enjoy later.
5	Great Chicken Feta Pita among other dishes. Food is good, parking is bad. Plan on waiting if you go during a peak time since seating is minimal.
4	Super authentic Greek good.. Inside the restaurant is actually small and holds about 20 tables.. They're always busy, so if your going here try to get there before lunch hours or after.. I had the gyro picado salad and it was very good.
4	I like crazy Jim's. They have good consistent food at a great price. I love the mushroom steak cheese sandwich with crispy fries and a drink. Friendly attentive staff.
5	I guess I'm a one trick pony--at parties, I teach dirty words in sign language. When I go out to eat with someone I care about, it's usually to Crazy Jim's. I have gone here twice with dates, a couple of times with friends over the last year or two.  Interestingly enough, I was able to contrast the difference between when I went with another woman, and when I went with a man.  The staff is impeccable.  They flutter around like hummingbirds, seeing if we need anything. The night I went with my lady friend, some of the patrons were not so friendly. She, as a butch, was of course, quite obviously gay, and me, as I guess, a femme by default (now I'm going to be thinking about how to label myself, great). But the interesting thing is, the old couple that sat next to us of course, stared at us, even though we weren't bringing any kind of attention to ourselves, and it was at my friend that the old man glared disapprovingly. Anyway, I digress. I've moved on from the hummus and gyros, and I'm kind of just obsessed with the saganaki. I love the pizzazz that the girls (or the boss) have when they pour the Bacardi on the feta and light it. It's quite a show if you'd like to impress your date. It's mighty tasty, as well.I've been going to Crazy Jim's for years, and they still are just as good as the first time I walked in. It's hard to say that about many things these days.
1	I'm a foodie. I love all kinds. Normally I'm not a complainer but this place didn't stand a chance with the obviously low standards the have regarding quality and service. As soon as I walked in I could tell hostess chick was not happy to see me at 30 min till close. I ordered a gyro with greek salad and abaklava.  She told me they don't have greek salad but for additional cost, she can add feta to my regular salad. Say what? "If you love greek food, you have to eat here" or some other such nonsense that is written on the business card. Business cards that have the closing times crossed out and rewritten with sharpie. Super ghetto. Got home. No baklava. Called and she asked if I'd like to come get it or have a credit? Neither. I'd like the difference refunded to my card. The one good thing I can say is that they didn't argue and promptly refunded $4.12 to my card next morning. The meat inside the gyro (I bs you not) is like paper thin uniform pre cut deli slices a and my gyro was dripping grease. I ended up just taking a Caesar side salad btw. The gyro was super gross and I was honestly awakened at 2am by nausea and spent the next hour in the bathroom. I feel bad for anyone who goes there regularly. Maybe you don't know better but if you wanna see the difference for yourself, go have real, authentic, fresh, deliciousness at Athens Gyros right f down the street.
4	Always a good choice.  Best pita bread ever!  The crazy calamari lettuce free salad is my favorite.  We had some hummus to start.  It has a bit of a kick.  Casual and comfortable.   Very friendly staff.
2	Stopped in with the husband - hell, we live a block away, so we have to try it sometime - got takeout. We were waited upon immediately and our stuff packed up to go quickly.Great service!Unwrapped our prize at home.. and.. well, we were underwhelmed.  I actually pawed around in the bottom of bag a bit to see if we missed anything. For $19, we had 2 gyros and sides.. a lot of money for not a lot of food. Gyros were very salty, small, dry..and .. well, I've had better :( Maybe I'm homesick for Chicago, and what a universe of Greek food there was out there.. lemon/garlic potatoes, tender gyro slices cuddled in hand-stretched pita.. there's no way this place could compete against, say, Cross Rhodes in Evanston, Illinois, or Larsa's in Skokie, IL.  It's just a different planet out here in dry, dusty Phoenix.  You get what you can if it's something "exotic", and try to like it.I understand that small restaurants like this struggle to compete, and I appreciate that there's always a balance in the industry between what to offer and how much to charge for it.  The bottom line, profitability, is ultimately everything.That was clear from our meal. Sorry...I wish I could have liked it.
5	Love their gyros and pizzas, they are fulfilling and with great ingredients. I order to take out.
3	First time here today. I ordered the Gyro Picado and while really tasty, was so greasy that the pita fell apart.
3	3.5 stars. Nice little place to get good pizza and Greek, albeit Americanized Greek (gyros pitas and salads, calamari, etc.). Pizza is distinct from the rest. Garlicky, so if you like that you will love it.  Crust is delicious.  The penelope is my favorite, but will get just a cheese when I need a cheaper fix. They will only do small pizzas for dine-in.  If you want large you have to take it to go.  Really weird, so we rarely dine in. I'm close by so I've been here a lot and 95% of the time get a consistently good product. But the other 5% unfortunately puts it down a notch to 3 stars. It's a midtown landmark and the best pizza near Woodlea/Melrose. Room for improvement that would boost their score. (Previously mentioned comments, they close too early for a pizza place, got a pizza that was way too salty once, price on many items too high for the quality, some parking area too dark - might make some uncomfortable at night.)
5	By far the BEST Greek food in the city.  Crazy Jim's is a little gem...great and homey restaurant.We come here often, and everything we ever had has been fresh and delicious, and the service is always very nice.  A definite repeat!My personal faves are the chicken picado pita and the spring mix chicken feta salad.  You can't go wrong with either one. I always order a side of their grilled jalapenos...YUM!
5	My folks have been bringing me to Crazy Jim's since I was a kid and we still agree that it is the best Greek Food in town. The Gyro meat here is to die for. Get the Gyro Picado and you will love life! The menu is awesome across the board, especially the pizzas. If you are in the mood for some quality Mediterranean grub then this is your spot.
4	I love, love, love the Picado salad at Crazy Jim's, but today I ordered one for takeout and will never do so again. When they handed me my order, I jokingly asked why it was so small. She just laughed. Now, when you dine in, the salad is large and you have enough leftovers for a snack later. And at $10 it's worth it. The flavors are amazing. The take out portion is half the size. Not worth $10. I always add some feta to my salad when I dine in...and I don't mind--so much--paying an extra $2. But today, adding feta to my to-go salad cost me nearly $4 and it was sparse. Oh Crazy Jim's, I'll be back. I just won't ever call anything in.
4	Yum!!! Had chicken Cesar salad and a gyros plate. Delish!!! Phenomenal fries too! Is a bit squishy and small so I wouldn't go during prime lunch times as I'm not sure how long the wait would be but do definitely go!!!
2	Love this place but recently I've noticed it's not been consistent. Did they hire a new cook to take over lunch hour?! My usual salad wasn't as fresh tasting. The tomatoes and cucumbers looked like they had been refrigerated too long! Also the new wait staff...tsk tsk, he was unpleasant and un attentive. I was hoping the experience would get better but he hardly came by. Then the check arrived, we paid, he came back with the change and didn't say a word except here you go. Rude! If I'm feeling like my favorite salad, I'm going to try out the new location downtown. This place is great but like I said it's been really inconsistent.
3	Was in the area and depended on yelp for our lunch decision being that crazy Jim's Greek had 4 stars and so many reviews we decided to give it a try... Well it was ok! Service was good, the food was just ok! Their menu was basically fried foods and or a ton of salad options a few calzones and subs nothing we think of when you think Greek... No cabbage, or eggplant... Shit we ordered a Greek salad and when it arrived I was surprised to see the lack of feta,olives and yellow peppers! I asked why the salad was missing all the typical Greek toppings and was told their Greek salad didn't come with it:/ what? Ok well I asked for it and $3 later I had a Greek salad:/ not sure if they've had a billion people say the same or need them too, but note to crazy Jim's greek salads come with feta, olives and peppers as well without $3 upcharges!!! Anyways we won't be back mainly because we live over an hour away, but second if we do come back in the area we wouldn't return because it just wasn't that good!
5	I just learned that the OTHER Crazy Jim's in Phoenix is not part of this company, so don't confuse the two.  This one, on 15th Ave and  Indian School, is fabulous.  Owner-operated, clean, nice and cool, friendly FAST service, and best of all: delish food.  They make their pitas, pizza dough and salad dressings all en house.  I delight in supporting locally owned businesses, and this one did not disappoint.
4	I'm here and it's as dangerous as I feared. The pita bread and pizza dough is cooked here on site. It's so warm and delicious. It's too dangerous. I ate it all. The crazy gyro salad was ridiculously good. I could eat this stuff all day.
2	Not a bad place, service was good. Price seemed a bit high for what it was, I had the gyro pita which only had 4 slices of gyro meat on it. Pita bread was delicious. Parking can be a bit chaotic, but they have an attendant to help guide you and manage the flow. Inside feels a bit cramped for me, but it also seems like they do a decent carry out business.
3	Really enjoyed the food, but i didnt get full and it was kinda pricey.. It's a fun enviornment with lots off friendly people. Will go again but just not even im really hungry
4	The food is great! They have been here since 1985. I get the steak and mushroom pita with a side of fries. They make home made pita in house. My other favorite dish is the crazy gyro salad with olive and vinegar --- chopped up extra gyro.So great!
