5	They just opened so I thought I would check it out since its right by my house.  I'm picky about my nails and I don't like the acrylic too thick. The owner did my nails and he did a great job. The gel selection was great and the girl that did my pedi went to town on my calluses. I'll come back. Very reasonably priced.
5	I recently had a gel manicure done at this new salon.  If you live in the Sunset/Ft. Apache neighborhood, you must give this brand new salon a try.  They recently opened in September 2013 and the salon is family owned.  I called the day of, and made an appointment.  Upon arriving, I was greeted by the owner, and picked out the polish.  As I was doing so, the male owner assisted and showed me all the options.  They have many colors to choose from.  I didn't catch the name of the lady that did my nails, but she was very gentle, thorough, and all the while, the husband and wife owner checked in to see how things were going.  They offered bottled water, and engaged in conversation.  All tools are sterilized and individually wrapped, all the equipment is brand new.  The gel manicure is regularly $35 and during grand opening it is 30% off.  So far, a week later, the gel manicure is still going strong.  No chips or flakes.  I will be back!!
5	DIANNE did an AMAZING job..the staff there was EXTREMELY friendly and helpful :) I showed Dianne a picture of what I wanted my nails to look like and she did an even better job!!! Would definitely recommend DT NAILS to everyone I know!!
5	My gel lasted 3+ weeks with no chips/flakes.  I just went back again and will continue to go to this salon if that keeps up.
1	The male owner of this place did my feet at 40 percent off. I was probably one of the first 10 customers and I was not pleased with the pedicure that I received. I wouldn't even want this guy to touch my feet for free. This will end up being one of the shops that will quickly do pedicures without care just to get you in and out of the door. You can do those at home.The best place to go is Rainbow Nail on Flamingo. They take their time,  massage, use hot rocks,  and get those heels perfectly!
5	I have been here 3 times.  Have had Diane, and the other owner, Tim do my nails.  I am picky and like my acrylics very thin, and very short. My nails also lift very quickly and I am hard on my nails.I haven't had any of them lift in all the times I have gone there, which is a feat! I haven't had a pedicure, or gel done, so I can only review the acrylic.The location is new, clean and my nails are done in a timely manner, so it works for me!  I have generally gone close to closing time, so I am usually in there alone or with one other customer.  They could do with some more nail polish colors, and a wider range of colors.
5	I LOVE this place. I'm from California and I must say that in the 2 months I have lived here I have seen a LOT of less than clean nail places. This place is new and large and beautiful and you can tell the owner takes pride in his shop.I look my friend that was visiting the other day and we had a great time. They were quick but did an excellent job. I'm for sure to be a regular.
5	I have found nail nirvana!! This place is fantastic- brand new, beautiful, and it doesn't hurt that it is right up the street from my house. I decided to try DT Nails for a pedicure on a whim, and I am so glad that I did! It wasn't very crowded on a Friday evening, so I didn't have to wait at all. The place is absolutely sparkling, and the pedicure included a hot stone leg and foot massage, your feet wrapped in hot towels then massaged again. My only complaint is that I couldn't entirely figure out how to use their fancy massage chair and that the tub didn't have bubbles (it was some high tech UV antibacterial thing, I guess). My toes  looked great when she was finished , and even the little plastic flip flops were fancy! The price was comparable to other shops ($25 for a pedicure), and they give you a punch card so you will get 30% off your 4th visit, which I thought was nice as well.Good job, DT Nails!
1	There was a ton of dead skin left and polish on my toes at the end. So I asked for polish remover and another woman came to me and took off some more skin and said 'ok good', I said 'no there's still so much more dead skin', and started picking at it to show her the hard stuff still there and they kind of just looked at me. I told her I didn't like it and she said 'ok!' And just walked away.They still charged me full price!!! Wanted to speak to the manager but he was with a client.
1	they left a ton of dead skin on my toes and I had to ask for polish remover to take the messy edges off. Came back a few hours later when I discovered a huge flap of skin that hurt badly and was very deep. The manager refused a refund and when I ask to speak with the owner he said 'no', Me:..... You won't let me speak to the owner?Him: No, it doesn't matter, you're not getting a refund.After 15 minutes, he was YELLING at me. This flap may get infected, contemplating making a claim to civil court and suing their asses.
5	Stopped in for a pedicure since I didn't have time to go to my usual place. Ann gave me a very thorough pedicure. She even used hot stones that felt ahhhmazing!!! Price was beyond reasonable. I got called off work yesterday and decided to go with my mom and try them out for gels. Looks like I found a new nail place that's closer and more reasonably priced! I decided on a design to test out everything. Hard gel application, glitter fade and gel art....completely nailed it!! I had shown my mom a picture of a white ombre and she wanted it and they executed it perfectly!  You could say we can't wait for our nails to grow out to go back again!  So happy with the service and price!
5	Great place ...it opened 5 months ago.everything is super clean,modern,huge variety of colors,Great customer Service.Andy is amazing,so attentive and friendly. Andy always does a great job.My advice to you go and check this place out.Plus after 5 visits u get 30% off...
5	I drive from the northwest corner to get my nails done here. They are always welcoming and the service is wonderful.
3	My go to nail saloon was closed and I had a coupon for here so I decided to stop in with a friend. I did not tell them I had a coupon untill the end so I knew I would get better service. We both started out with a pedicure with hot stone massage, massage was good but like previous reviews tons of dead skin left over. During our pedicure another nail tech started our full sets ... Just annoying while trying to enjoy a pedi.After out pedicures we moved to get our nails done, we had an appointment and they had one of us sit there while the other got their nails done. While waiting for my friend to finish up her nails so they could start mine both owners asked all kinds of questions about my go to saloon and ended up they use to work there ... So they went on and on about how that saloon was "bad". My nails are pretty good I will be back for a fill and then back to my old go to place, don't like them bad mouthing other places. Them bad mouthing pushed me away .. Someone needs to tell them if they do good nails the will do wonderful but talking shit will give them nothing but bad karma. They also talk bad about previous customers and their reviews
1	Tried giving this place another chance. We'll I just left and I'm a very unhappy costumer! While getting a pedicure I was cut by the cuticle cutter scissor things, not only did I not get an apology the lady (owner) tried to cover it up as if she had not done it. Put super glue on it and went on her way. My though was well shit happens and just left it at that. Next while getting gel on my nails my lady left half way through and had her husband finish them off. Don't think he even has a license ..... So I complain the there was creases in my nails, his fix was to cover them up with more gel. If any of you get your nails done on a regular basis and constantly look at your hands you would understand why I complained. We'll the creases never went away and he said "I don't see" so i told him I won't be back no apology it anything from the owner!!!! I will be going back after I finish the things I need to get done for a refund and if I don't receive one .... All hell will break loose!!! My family, friends and I will not be returning to this salon && I advise anyone else looking for an amazing salon pink is down the street and they have the best service and costumer service ever!!!!  -10 stars for this place.No money back but I am calling state board Tuesday morning!!! The owner is a big ass and doesn't know shit!! I assume he doesn't have a license either
4	My nail tech (Diane) was knowledgeable in the style I wanted and executed it well. I do not like the hand tool making divots in my natural nails so they did this part by hand with no fuss (awesome) I usually get a sigh from other places as it's more work. I also like my gels thick which they are! The business was clean and the owner seemed very interested in making his presence known by checking on his employees work. I did read previous reviews and was a customer at pinks (not all that) and found it funny that someone would rate based on a salon who spoke in a different language to each other which all do! I did not like that the uv days were on the entire time my nails were being done.
1	If there a way to give zero stars I would!!!!!! Horrible customer service. I had a gel mani and regular pedi 4 days ago and 7 of my nails are chipped and peeling off. I returned for them to repair them but after driving back the their shop they said that it was from me typing..... What I don't type I'm a stay at home mother and even if it was from typing a gel mani shouldn't peel off in 4 days.  I paid $38 for a gel mani that has to be redone. WHAT A RIP OFF AND POOR SERVICE!!!!! I will not be back and I will tell all my friends not to come here either!!!!
3	After coming here a few times I think their pricing is off. My friend got a red tip with red sparkle that shouldn't cost more than full colored nails with one sparkle nail. I also had a sparkle accent nail and when I asked for another layer of sparkle I wasn't told it would be $3 extra. Well that came out of her tip. It's a huge rip off to charge $3 for one coat! I did approach the owner who offered the extra back. Their 3D jewels are over priced by far. The pedicures could use a gentle touch I was dug into and hurt several times as was my friend. Over al my nails look fine but the sparkle still has holes even at an extra coat.
1	I walked in and the owner told me to come back in an hour as they were booked. I came back in an hour and I still waited an additional 30 mins. The owner began doing my gel nails and then another lady finished them half way through.  My nails took forever and I wasn't happy with the end result.
5	Love DT nails. Go about every 2 weeks to get a gel manicure and regular pedicure usually by Anne. She rocks at nail design! I show her a pic from Pinterest and she executes perfectly! This is a nice clean place close to home. They don't have tons of people working all the time so just make sure you call and make an appointment - even if it's that same day.
5	love this place! very friendly and did a great job on my nails. I came here with my mother and wife and we were all taken care of very well.even though I was suckered in to coming here the owners were funny and made it easy to relax.
5	I absolutely love DT nails. The quality of work they do is great is their customer service is amazing. Highly recommend for gel and acrylics!
5	I've been going here to get gel manicures for a few months now. For me I need them to last considering its required for work and boy do these last! Each gel manicure lasts me about 4 weeks then it'll be time to get a new color. I make appointments most of the time though because they do seem to get a bit of walk in traffic and they'll have to wait. Pricing is fairly moderate, sometimes they charge me $30 and other times $40, so I'm not sure what determines the difference. I'll go in with my headphones and watch a movie on my phone and they don't seem to mind that I don't like small talk :/
