5	I have been smoking for 5 years. Being young it was my stress relief from work and basic pains in life. I was not necessarily and skeptic just worried that I wouldn't get the same hit if I switched to vape. I was worried about giving up my pacifier for lack of a better term. After trying a family members E-cig I decided to try it out. We had been seeing the billboards for pink spot and one just opened near our house on 215/rainbow. So we tried it out. As soon as you walk in the door someone greets you kindly whether there is someone available or not. We didn't have to wait long before we were taken into the world of vape. One representative, goes by the name of "Doc", was exceedingly helpful. He had been a smoker for 15+ years before finding pink spot and hasn't smoked a day since, it's been a year now. Doc was so helpful let us try all kinds of flavors and just kept telling me it was time to try something healthier.  I wasn't about spending $100 right then and there but Doc really showed me the opportunity to stop smelling like crap and getting healthy for me and my family. I walked out with a starter kit and some "swagger" liquid and haven't looked back. It's been about two weeks now and I haven't been craving a cigarette at all. We just went back to upgrade our vape tanks this evening and saw Doc again. He was just like we remember. Even though the place was packed he made sure we were taken care of and happy. We will keep going to Pink Spot and seeing Doc for all of our Vape needs. Thank you Pink Spot and Doc!!!! You all rock!!
5	My husband and I don't smoke at all but decided to try vaping just for fun. Eric helped us with starter kits and completely hooked our sticks up! He helped us customize them and make them our own! They have all kind of flavors too that you can sample before you buy. They are very welcoming here and don't push you to over buy. Eric is very patient and informative.  He will show you step by step! I just adore him :) Come to the Pink Spot and ask for ERIC!!!!! If I could I would give this place 10 stars!PS snow man kiss, pirate's booty, peach green tea, and banana nut are by far the best flavors!
5	I love this place. They are very friendly and helpful with all your vaping needs. I wish they had this store in san diego. I would visit this place again next time im in vegas.
5	Went to Pink Spot Vape Store with my wife and was totally blown away!!!  Brittany was our sales person and was so helpful and courteous. She made our experience that much better!!! All the employees are terrific.   I've been to several other Vape shops in Vegas, but they don't compare to Pink Spot, in products or customer service.Pink Spot is the only vape shop that we will ever do business with.
4	A different Valentines gift I decided to get my wife some juice. She mentioned she tried the pink spot flavor from Pink Spot. I went on my lunch break and luckily there wasn't a big crowd. The shop is brightly lit where most places are dark and sometimes gloomy. Very clean and well organized with juices and cash registers on both side of the room. Greeted right away I approached the counter where Doc helped me out. He was informative about the product and helped me decide on some other flavors she may like based on her melon/fruity preference. They have a juice bar for sampling if you are undecided. I was given a rewards card where you get coupons and juices for purchases and birthdays. I will definitely be back here
5	Bought my itazte MVP here ($80), haven't had an issue and when I did I came in and they told me what was wrong.  I love my mod and the battery life on it is more than I expected. Haven't charged it in over two weeks.. TODAY it started letting me know it was half dead.  But that's because I don't constantly use it. They're supposed to last through an entire day of vaping if you use it regularly.Great professional customer service with a smile, everyone was friendly and informative.
1	Probably the worst juices I've tried from any vapor shop. The flavors i sampled had a bitter aftertaste that I haven't experienced from other stores. Plus the sales guy seemed like he didn't want to be there.
5	Best juices anywhere!
5	I absolutely love this place. Being very new to vaping, I have a ton of questions. They are always very informative and professional. They're starting to recognize me when I walk in which I really appreciate. Great customer service.I've never had a bad experience in either of their stores in the valley. Of course you can find the things they sell for a bit less online, but they're top-notch service and high-quality juices make this the ONLY place I will spend my vaping money.The juice selection is huge and they'll spend all day with you at the tester counter. Truly a great store.
5	I just met the nicest group of guys. Thank you for your time and patiences Ben! Got to really taste everything with no judgement when I made faces. Although I must say the best flavors are pink spot flavors. Xanadew is honeydew at its best. Isaac thank you again for recoiling my piece. It vapors like no other. Try genius. Definitely a must every-time I'm in Vegas! Can't wait to try the other location next time I'm in town and have some custom mixes.
1	I'm electing to give Pink Spot, 1 star for their horrible customer service. I received a text message from their automated system, congratulating me on being the winner of a $100 dollar Pink Spot gift card. Upon arriving to their location I was told that the text message was a mistake, and even thought I came all the way from across town, that they didn't have to honor it What a joke of a business.
1	Only getting one star because I have to give at least one. Got a text message the I won a $100 give card. Carved time out of my busy ass schedule to go collect my reward only to be told that it was false and that I didn't won anything. Wasted gas and time that could of been better used. On top of that they were ride about it. Then then the next day I get another text about how it's not true. Sorry but you already sent me the text that I won. So where's my $100!!!  Such bs and FALSE ADVERTISING!!  I've been a loyal customer for almost a year and I'll never shop here again!   You would think making $14k plus a day in juice sales they could flip a 12ml bottle for my inconvenience. Over priced, and the juice really isn't that good. Better vendors online for a much better price with much much better customer service!
1	So my girlfriend and I ended up getting 3 gift cards from their booth at Bite of Las Vegas. We could only find out the amount at the store so we drove (not a short distance either) to this store to find out how much they were for. We were told they would range from $5-$50 so we figured we had at least $15 to spend (which we had planned on getting quite a bit of stuff that would easily be $80). We walked in and there was one other customer and four employees. One girl behind the counter took a break from her vaping just long enough to say "sup" to us and went back to vaping and even when we walked up to the counter she just stood there. So rude. So another guy came up to help us and he ran the gift cards saying all of them were $0. We were like ummm? And he said did you get them at the food festival? Yes. And he then offered to redeem one for $5. Not apologetic. Not sympathetic. He didn't give a single shit that they had false advertising. He didn't care at all. I will NEVER do business with them again.
1	Overpriced!! The juices and the hardware. Juices were nothing to rave about. I tried a ton of them & none of them stood out as an ADV. The one star that I did give them was for the cleanliness & the decor.
3	I used to go to this vape shop every week, but I've learned that there is more out there. The taste of the flavors they provide are definitely on point, but lack the package that other shops provide. If you're an avid vapor, you can taste the difference and cloud production. I believe they run a 60/40 VG PV ratio (don't quote me on that). It's nice if you're tanking, but does not apply to the cloud chasers. Another point I have to make is the insanely high pricing for such a thin juice. It's good for beginners but would not suggest for the vape veterans that know what they want. Customer service is excellent, and will help you out with what you need. Just not the best shop in vegas.
5	Love this place! The staff are always fun and helpful and they have the best e-juices, flavors, and vaporizer products you can ask for. The business is clean and has a great personality-it's a nice place to hang out at their tasting bar and taste all of the different flavors they offer.
5	These guys know what they are talking about.  Very knowledgeable staff.
1	This place is a joke. The staff are too busy talking to each other and when they finally get around to assisting you, they show no patience, knowledge of their products or interest in making a sale.
