4	This park use to have a ton of peacocks roaming around.  It's so sad to see them gone.The grounds are maintained pretty well.  I love how large the park is, there is plenty of space to spread out and play Frisbee, or what have you.  They also have sand volleyball, dog park, soccer fields and baseball fields.  The bbq area is set up perfectly for large parties, I've been to a few here and it's always a great time.
4	This is a nice park and I agree with the previous reviewer that the grounds are very well maintained. I attended a wedding here in their rose garden. The rose garden was a lot smaller than what I expected, but the overall area was a great place to do a wedding. I like that they have chickens roaming around, we got to see a mother hen and her chicks following her around... very cute!
4	Beautiful wish they did tours though
5	A big slice of the great outdoors, sandwiched between suburbia and the local college! Bring kids, bring family, bring a large group of athletic friends. Saguaro is where FUN happens.-A dog park with lots of running room-Lots of places to play sports, including at least two soccer fields-A vast playground for kids-Several sand volleyball courts-A huge, I mean HUGE area to barbecue. -Citrus grove to gawk at historical sites or chill out under some very old orange trees.-A cactus garden. I don't understand the significance of this, it's just a peaceful, special place to me.Yes, I too miss the abundance of peacocks. They do still pay a visit from time to time! I usually don't go to parks as a form of entertainment, but when I do, Saguaro never lets me down.
5	im a photographer and love taking photos here!!! Im glad they started charging $100 for a permit cuz theres not as many people want to pay that fee so not the park isnt as busy as it use to be
5	This is a great place to bring the kids or a date. There are sculptures, a xeriscape garden, cool old buildings, and lots of animals like chickens,  peacocks, rabbits, turkeys, cats, etc. They just run around free. They also have a rose garden. The city of Glendale hold events here occasionally as well. There is also a decent amount of shade.
3	I came to the saguaro ranch park today for business as I drive a limousine.  I was approached by I guess the park manager, first she told me I had to leave because I didn't have the media permit. Then after someone in my group furnished the permit she shut up and went on her way. She returned five minutes later and told me to leave again because i was blocking traffic. I asked her to stop harassing me and she threatened to call the ranger.  I've been coming to this park since I can remember and this lady just came here from California and is trying to be bossy.  Fire her... It's a park not a concentration camp
