4	This is THE hotel if you're coming in to town to see the Steelers. You can walk to everything from here. 5 minutes to the stadium, 15-20 to The Strip. Rooms were clean, and you're basically staying in the tailgate. My buddy and I stayed here and loved it.
3	good location for sporting events.  room was clean and comfortable.  staff was very pleasant and attentive.  if you want to do more in Pitt than see a baseball or football game i would suggest a place on the other side of the river as you will be closer to more food and drink options i would have given it 4 stars but there was no airport shuttle service provided by the hotel
3	Stayed here Thursday to Friday for business travel. This is a somewhat new property with an incredible location close to the park and the stadium. They have a solid free breakfast and a free shuttle that will take you anywhere within 3 miles. Really good internet speed (especially given that it was free internet - 1.07Mb/s down and .26Mb/s up). Cabs seem pretty easy to get.Only negative is the gym is weak and there's really no good alternatives nearby - hotel hasn't cut any deals like the one they had with Bally's (which closer around a year ago).
3	There's nothing fancy about this place, but it gets the job done. I love the fact that it's right next to PNC Park. I don't like the fact that's further removed from Downtown. Still, I can't complain. You get what you expect here. I'd echo the complaint about the gym though -- its pathetic.
4	Friendly & helpful staff. Great location and a free shuttle. Pretty decent restaurants in walking distance. Across the street from the stadium. A little pricey, but worth it because of the location. Also very clean and updated rooms.
3	Nice sized rooms and clean. Expensive overnight parking. No frills. Free breakfast.  Pool.
4	This is **** from the perspective of location. Yes, there are much better hotels for hotel-type needs. If those needs are important, you may want to look elsewhere. Otherwise, it's across the street from PNC Park. Heinz Field is right there. A few blocks from the Andy Warhol Museum. A few blocks from the 6th Street Bridge. Location, location, location. If you plan on spending most of your time outside the hotel room, then you can't go wrong here. If I get a craving for Primanti Bros again, and I surely will, I'd certainly stay here again.
5	Perfect location to PNC Park! The rooms were clean, the hotel was quiet and we heard no street noise.  The hotel is also very new and fresh, we would stay here again!
4	Convenient location, friendly staff, nice large modern rooms.   Breakfast is nicer than most places and the coffee is good.Only thing that sucks is $18/night parking - in a crappy open paved lot.  For that money, at least have a garage or something.
4	SpringHill has a great location across from the ballpark. Also, you can walk to the "T" or walk across the bridge for even more Pittsburgh goodness. Ty and I also walked to the Carnegie Science Center. Excellent.The room was nice and clean. The staff was very friendly.As Yelp would say, "Yay! I'm a fan."yay... yow, bill
5	For this format, it was a great stay.  We were there for the heinz field visit.  nice convenient location.  Staff were super-friendly and helpful.  We didn't get out too muchthere just for one night
5	Stayed here this weekend for a girls weekend combined with an event at The Andy Warhol Museum. I have to say, there is nothing bad I can say about this hotel. First of all, the staff are amazing! So friendly and helpful! They were exceptionally customer service centric and attended to our every need with a polite smile. We even joked that we might not be able to get them to ever say no to us. The hotel itself is located on The North Shore area of Pittsburgh, right in the heart of the sporting district. If you were coming for a Pirates game, you'd be basically in the parking lot. The football stadium is also close by. Downtown is a short walk across the bridge and The Andy Warhol Museum is literally two blocks away (very good for us since we were wearing ridiculous shoes!). In any case, the hotel will shuttle you for free anywhere within a 3 mile radius (they even picked us up!). The rooms are nice, spacious and clean with a microwave and fridge and small sitting area. In addition, the have a free breakfast every day and it was awesome!! Not your usual dried up bagels and cereal. They had everything from omelette's to cottage cheese to make your own waffles. It was much needed after a night of drinking. I would absolutely stay here again! I am actually going to write the folks at Marriott and tell them how fantastic the staff at this location are, they made our stay wonderful!!!! Thank You!
5	LOVED THIS HOTEL! First time in PA and   My husband and I almost wanted to sell our house and move in! The staff was wonderful. The free shuttle was the best esp. our driver,Brian. This hotel had everything! And I will look forward to going back! Brian doesn't just drive he goes out of his way to tour you around this Fabulous City! The beds, kitchen ,work out equipment , etc.well, stay away from the wine at the complimentary 6pm cocktail/snack hr....horrible but ...everything else 5 star.
4	Very conveniently located in the heart of downtown, close to many places. Well maintained with a good business center and lobby.
4	The rooms were so big!We had a large party andWere taken care of**lots of bachelor/ette parties were there
2	staff is terrible, hotel is clean, new and easy access.  Being a VIP member I have to say I got the worst service than any other Marriott ever.
4	Could not have asked for a better location in Pittsburgh to go to a ballgame. Located right across from the stadium and near a lot of cool bars and eateries. The hotel is also a couple of blocks from the Andy Warhol museum and a bridge that takes you across the river to downtown. The hotel also provides a pretty complete breakfast and a shuttle that brings you to other parts of the city. I did not use this, but it I noticed others taking advantage of it. The room was clean and new and had much more space than I needed. TIP: The bar located in the lobby also seemed like a happening hot spot to end your night. Order a Tuaca. Negative: It was a bit pricey, but I found almost every hotel in Pittsburgh to be that way. Not sure why.
4	The proximity to the ballpark was exceptional and the room was large. Parking was extra. The breakfast was edible, but not super yummy.
4	Stayed in room 1007. King sized bed, very spacious room in general. Nice property, directly across the street from  PNC Park. On site parking. Keurig in room, microwave and fridge in room, free breakfast in the lobby. Cons: Pittsburgh rush hour traffic, although this is not Marriott's fault. I would definitely return to this property.
3	Nice enough place to stay.  The only downside I experienced was poor soundproofing on the door that connected my room to the room next door for groups.  I didn't know the folks on the other side, and boy did the lady have a loud, funny laugh and like to slam doors.  Other than that, it was great.
4	Would I stay here again? Yes.Do I recommend you stay here? Yes if you're going to PNC Park for a game.Tips for requesting a room:NOT near the elevator (unnecessary ding each time it opens)Facing the stadium, NOT the expressway (loud traffic and trains)Other stuff to know: - Beds were comfy, clean, and new with lots of pillows to get lost in :-)  - There is a Keurig in the room! Bonus! - Free Wifi! Bonus! - Bathroom had the vanity in one space and the toilet & shower in another. VERY convenient so someone can get ready while another is in the shower or.... you know. - Check in and out was simple, kind and easy. They gave us mini cupcakes :-) - Skipped the free continental breakfast and went to Pamela's P&G diner instead. I HIGHLY recommend you do the same. Check out my other review. Nothing against Springhill, I just believe you should go where the locals do for breakfast.
1	I'm staying at the Marriott City Center, but walked down here to catch the Hop On/Hop Off tour bus.  With 4 minutes to spare, and not a single coffee shop for blocks, I ducked in and asked if I could purchase a cup of coffee to go.  No.  I then asked if I could have one since I'm a Marriott customer.  No.  I'll never stay here because of that.
3	If you're going to see a baseball game at PNC Park, then you'll love your stay. Albeit, your wallet will weigh less when you checkout, you can't beat the location of this hotel.This is a very nice hotel. It's the top of the line for a SpringHill and the most expensive SpringHill too. The rooms, hallways and lobby look great. The pool is a bit small, but big enough for the kids to swim. The parking was tight, but never had any problems finding a space. The WiFi is great. I was able to stream NetFlix HD no problem. The best part of this SpringHill is PNC Park is just across the street. Walk right out the doors of the SpringHill, turn left and walk 50 yards and you're at the PNC ticket windows. It took me 10 minutes to pick up my Will Call tickets for the Pirates game that night and I bought more tickets for the next night's game too.  I love it!The only real negatives about this SpringHill and they are minor was the parking fee ($19 per day), but once you get here you'll see that Pittsburgh is the king of tolls and parking fees. You can't drive or park anywhere without pulling out your wallet. It is the nature of the beast in Pittsburgh, so be ready with lots of $1 and quarters. Finally, the free breakfast was a feeding frenzy free for all. I've seen this in hotels that offer "free breakfasts" before. Mom and Pop drop in front of their plate of food and let the kids run wild in the buffet area. Kids are darting in and out, pushing and squeezing by other patrons to grab muffins and milk, like it was "Soylent Green" day. I was impressed with the hot powdered eggs and sausage offerings, that the employees tried their best to keep stocked for the feral children. Oh! And don't even think about getting near the waffle station on game day, as they were perpetually occupied with corpulent tattooed ladies whose sole goal was to make a waffle for every member of their family...or else! ha!I would give this SpringHill four stars, but as you probably already know, you'll drop close to $200 a night to stay here, but its worth it when you're already relaxing while everyone else is stuck in traffic or still walking to their cars after game. Ah!
3	Very pricey. Stayed here for a wedding. The 1# reason we chose this hotel was because of the shuttle to/from the wedding reception hall. THIS WAS A CLUSTER. Upon arrival, I find out that the tiny 11 person shuttle is already booked for 1 hour solid, the 1st hour of the reception!! Fast forward, we got a ride from family to the reception and at the end of the night I called the hotel and they "dispatched" the cab, 20 minutes later it arrives- the hotel is maybe 7 minutes away?! The shuttle comes and we can't all fit, so we wait and family ends up taking us back any way. WHY ONLY RUN ONE SHUTTLE?!Now maybe if we stayed here for a Pirates game, we'd be in heaven- right across from ball park.VERY OVER PRICED- $170 was the block rate + tax!!!The room was nice with a king bed,  sofa pull out couch, microwave, fridge, keurig, etc. Bathroom outdated. Early check in was granted to us, which was a huge help since we were on a cross country red eye flight.Overall, wish we would've stayed somewhere else, considering we never utilized the shuttle, for less money.
3	The rooms are nice enough and comfortable,  And if you're going for downtown destinations, the location is ideal.  That being said, it is not very soundproof.  You could hear noises coming from every direction and I had the fan on high.   Not to mention, it is $18 a day to park!  For the price you pay for the room, they should throw in the parking.  And the staff was curt, but not the friendly "Marriott" welcome that you get from most of their hotels.  The Residence Inn right down the street is much better, but I think I'll stay out in the suburbs and commute downtown next time I come.  I cannot justify paying these prices and having to battle the noise factor as well.
