4	Yes! Pollo Mobile is where its at. Not really a food truck. Not really a true restaurant. Not even a food stand. Its bigger. It is a trailer with a grill. Oh, and amazing tacos too. They are simple. Two small corn tortillas with your choice of meat with onion and cilantro. Nothing more and nothing less. Tonight I got two each asada and pollo. I can't decide which I like best. They are both so good. Tacos the way I like. Fresh and perfect. At only $1 per taco, it is almost the perfect deal. They are a little small and not too filling. But man are they good.
4	Impressive!  The place always makes my mouth water when I drive by as the open grill out front is always going so the food is always fresh!  What they lack in space, they make up for is taste!  The service was good and the servings were great.I got the chicken burrito which is pretty much a meal by itself. The salsa is fresh and the price is right.  Can't believe this place didn't have a line.
4	Everyone that has reviewed got it right on the money. We were just driving down the street and the smell hits you before you even get there. All I could say to my husband at the red light is pull over. I was a little skeptical because it was a food truck, but I pulled it up on Yelp and read reviews and found out it was kinda like a food stand. The tacos are $1 and they give you a lot of meat. My son got a burrito and I didn't hear him talking until it was done! I will be back! You can't beat their prices and great food!
5	It is very hard to miss this place when driving up rainbow and smoke ranch. All of a sudden you'll get the awesome smell of them grilling outside. I ordered a half chicken and it was great. Prices are so cheap this is my new lunch spot.
5	We have stopped at this corner a million times and always say, "we should try them sometime." We finally tried them tonight.... And boy am I kicking myself for not stopping sooner! We got a whole grilled chicken, rice, salsa and veggies for $11. It was amazing. It was the best grilled chicken I have had in Vegas. Simply delicious!  I can't wait to go back again! It is super cheap, fresh, and soooo good!
5	My Boy toy and I were driving around the area and BAM! The smell of the grilled chicken hit my Mexican ass instantly lol We just had to try it and OMG were we happy. We got a full chicken, rice, beans, tortillas and salsa for less than 15$s. I really recommend this to everyone!
4	Good, fast, grilled chicken for your work lunch.What I'd order here: The whole chicken combo, to share.Who I'd take here: Friends for a work lunch. Not a date, there is no seating.Comparable to: El Pollo Loco.Food Quality: 4They offer a chicken combo and a rib combo. I haven't tried the ribs, but the chicken was good. It was better seasoned than El Pollo Loco, and I may have even tasted a brine. The price was also excellent. For $12 you can get a whole chicken with two sides and tortillas. This might seem middle-price-range, but the entree can easily feed two people, so it's $6 per person. They grill the meat in front of you. It's probably the first thing you'll notice--the smoke coming off of their grill. +1 great value.Service Quality: 4They were friendly, quick, and made no mistakes with my order. +1 friendliness.Location, Cleanliness and Ambiance: 3This place is off the freeway but in a kind of awkward location. You need to hit this going south on Rainbow. This place has a dive vibe (I believe you can score DVDs here), but the food is good enough to make me overlook it. Also it's a food truck, so you should not expect the Ritz when dining here. How I rate: I have 3 categories, and each category starts at 3 points. For each item where I am impressed, they get 1 point; disappointed, lose one point.Overall rating: round(average(ratings)) = round(3.7) =  4
5	I finally stopped and tried this place after driving past it many times and smelling the fantastic aroma from the giant grill in front of the place. They were grilling some chicken and they had some seats set up while you wait for your order to be filled and can watch TV.....(playing current movies in theaters)....I tried 3 Asada Tacos for $1 each and gave him a $2 tip and all I can say is WOW, they were excellent. Each taco had a large portion of meat and some cilantro and onions and for only $1 each I can say I was surprised at how much they served for such a low price. Put on some fresh salsa and some grilled onions and peppers from the serving tray and feasted on a great meal. Thank you Pollo Mobile, I will be making this a weekly stop now.....
5	I've been driving by this place for a while and knew that it would be tasty.  The smoke and the aroma is head-turning.We finally decided to try it one night and the family loved it.  Delicious $1 tacos and grilled chicken that is way better than El Pollo Loco.  We will be back!!
5	The tacos were awesome and authentic. Affordable pricing as well. It's a must stop!Go support this independent business! You won't be disappointed! Yummy yummy food
5	I was forced to try this chicken. My husband finally convinced me and when I tried it I did not leave anything on the plate! I was hesitant because its a cart in the street, but glad I tried it! Plus the smoke /aroma makes you want to eat it. (Its so much smoke my sister thought a car was on fire lol) Good meal :chicken, rice, beans and tortillas not bad now I have to get my sister to try it when she comes to Vegas.
5	Their grilled marinated chicken is just a party for your taste buds.  Their tacos de carnitas and asada at a buck each is the best deal in the NW.  Hey you, other more popular taco spots...you got competition!
5	The best mobile restaurant in town. Friendly staff and very cheap prices. If you want ribs make sure to order them in advance because it takes 35 minutes to cook.
4	Ok...Every time that I drive past this food cart I want to just stop the car and run and get some food!I tried it for the first time about a month ago and have been addicted ever since. They always have chicken on the BBQ and it smells AMAZING!!! yum! My current fave is the canre asada tacos. They are only $1 and are truly amazing.The only reason why they are getting 4 stars is simply because the last time that I went the salsa was really hot and almost empty.  It was kinda gross. But, since I was going home and I had some there..it didn't hurt my meal.Besides that... YUM STATUS! If you want some great Mexican food on the go, STOP HERE!
3	Grilled Mexican chicken. Don't waste your money on chemicals in El Pollo Loco's franchised nonsense- go here. Basically the same cuisine, except none of those white-ified salads and avocado-based dishes, and none of the chemicals.These guys literally throw the seasoning on your meat, toss it on the grill in front of you until it smells like straight-up heaven, then serve it with rice, beans, and tortillas. For rock-bottom prices. Love their daily specials: Wednesday you can get 12 pieces for like $10, Thursday they offer a 10 piece taquitos deal, etc. That's right: they also do tacos, burritos, and tortas. Everything is well priced, but the chicken is what really shines.Intro to the salsa bar: not sure it'd bass health code inspection, as the ice has melted to water, but the heat and spice in each sauce probably keeps away both bacteria and the Chupacabra. Suggest the red with chopped veggies and the verde. Be careful of the other red salsa, it might kill your extended family by accident it's so potent.
5	If you've never been here you should definitely try them sometime. I stopped in for lunch. The service was great. The workers were very nice and my food came quick. I ordered three tacos: one asada, one pastor, and one pollo (which are only $1 I might add). They were okay. I liked the pollo (chicken) most out of all which is their specialty. Hints the name.  They weren't the best I've had, but they definitely weren't the worst either. Everything on the menu is fairly priced. They also include tax in all of their menu prices. Definitely the best deal on street tacos in the city. So give them a shot. Its only a dollar.
