5	#1 to review, #1 in our hearts!so again my international travelers, we have ourselves a hidden gem.  ok, to be honest, this is not a hidden gem, but it is a gem.  what can i say, if you are up in this area and like to be around (and are you sicko) 18-28 or so, this is your kind of bar. on the cheap side, free popcorn, right in the thick of RSL, action, college kids (mcgill) all that and a bag of  poutine!i believe this bar has also been featured on a bunch of 'bar' completion/clip shows, like best of and up all night and the likes.  i cant blame them, its a fun time without the expectation of a bar-brawl (piels pub, im looking at you!) with enough hockey to watch and beer to imbibe.
4	Definitely seemed like a landmark bar for local McGill/Concordia students... small little tables packed with students drinking their body weight in beer.  Great screens for hockey watching, think there may have been a pool table in the back of the bar.I can just picture this place being fantastic with snow storms outside- very cozy/collegiate atmosphere.
5	This place is the epitome of diamond in the rough. Back in my underage days, a few girlfriends and myself ventured to our friendly neighbor to the north for spring break (we couldn't afford sun) and made it to the city of Montreal. We met a local on the Metro and he gave us the suggestion to hit Bifteck.I can safely say, we had one of the most fun nights of all time. This bar was amazing for making new friends, Molson Export flowed like water, and the drink specials were unreal. I'm not sure how they are now, but screw it, they have free popcorn and plenty of TV's. They had these 5 for $5 shot specials going on with risque names for the shots, which only got funnier the more you drank them.Also, to all the womenfolk, this bar for some reason attracts the best looking men. This bar was SO much fun, that the next night we went out dancing, and all we wanted to do was go back to Bifteck for more drink specials, friendly great looking people and awesome bartenders.  This is a bar that I will never forget and fully intend to revisit each time I travel back to Quebec.
3	The Canadian term for hipsters is dorks. This is where you'll find them.
5	If I ever elected to become a drunkard I'd move to Bifteck, because it would be the ideal place to achieve my goal.It is one of the closest you get in Montreal to a dive bar. The pitcher deals are awesome, the waitresses take no crap from anyone (a much needed skill) and the hard liquor specials ensure fun nights for out-of-towners who flock to Quebec for its lax drinking age enforcement.Try to hit the pool tables before you are drunk off your rocker, as I might be waiting for one. When you want to hole yourself up for at least 3 or 4 rounds, go upstairs whenever you can. It's a little quieter than downstairs and there's more seating.My recommendation, as always, is to drink Boreale only in case of dire ethanol deficiency and having exhausted all other means of solving said problem. When doing so, pick the Rousse first, and drink the Blonde only if you think Budweiser is passable.If you can get any pitcher other than Molson Ex or Boreale, go for it!
4	Bifteck was a rather interesting place.  It definitely was the bar with the best drink specials that we found and the barmaid knew what she was doing unlike elsewhere.  The crowd was mixed with some younger people sitting outside and a few older folk sitting toward the back near the pool tables.  One, named Tito (see photo), a regular, lost four times to me in pool, but thats beside the point.  Seems small if you're downstairs but apparently there is also an upstairs with a second bar (not sure about this).  Tables in the back as well and free popcorn.Closest Metro station is Sherbrooke, but the walk up and down Sainte Laurent isn't bad anyway.
4	Cheap beer. Good people. Pool tables in the back and plenty of TVs. Everything you'd expect from a good dive bar. Oh, and there's free wireless.
4	Great bar. Went there two times over the span of six days because there was not much to do in Montreal on labor day weekend. First was on a Sunday before labor day Monday, drank pitchers and hung at the bar as the college kids rolled into it (which was fine, people were all normal). Then again on a Wednesday around 5pm. Chilled with the bartender and laughed with and at the locals that came in for a while. Good times around.Pitchers were $10 each which where what we only drank. A good deal if you ask me.Will definitely becoming back here next time I'm in Montreal.
4	Cheap drinks (Montreal standards), good tunes, plenty of sitting room and awesome laid back "dive bar" environment that I miss so much from L.A!Pool, Foozball, free popcorn, pitcher specials! Only negative: CASH ONLY!Oh, and everyone speaks English there which can be nice for some.
3	Dive bar.  Free pool. Free popcorn. Free WiFi.  Cheap beer.  Sassy staff.  English friendly.  Knowledgeable bartender.  Yup - not bad.
4	From what I remember of this place (which, admittedly, isn't much--it was my last stop for a night of booze cruising around the city), it was good.  We were a large group and couldn't find space elsewhere, so we headed to this place and arrived right when they were opening the upstairs.  Because of that, we all got to sit and were quickly enjoying a pitcher and popcorn.  Some ill-advised person also decided we needed shots and got a tray of those, but beyond drinking too much and all feeling miserable in the morning, it was a good time.  The booze was pretty cheap by Montreal standards (as someone has already said) and there was a lot of room so it didn't feel like a sardine can in there despite the fact that the second floor quickly filled up.
4	Blackout for $10.
4	Good place to go with a group of people and split too many pitchers and eat free popcorn. Also a good place to end the night..
4	A long time ago, in a land far, far away (Vermont) I once attended university. It was a pretty good time, except for when it wasn't. I had a nagging girlfriend 300 miles away who forbade me to have any fun, and I was so young and dumb I often listened to her. But when I didn't...I made damned sure to make the most of it. Like on my trips to Montreal, where I would visit a friend who studied at McGill. We used to hit up all the college-y bars like Miami, that other two-story bar whose name I've forgotten, and Bifteck. Fuck the hipster bars like Korova. Let the VICE nerds have their spots, I always say.I liked imbibing at Bifteck the best. Free popcorn, pool tables, and gorgeous young waitresses serving cheap pitchers of beer and moderately cheap shots. What more could a young man ask for? Nothing. Literally nothing. Cheep booze, good scenery, and a pool table for when I get drunk and want to throw my money away. That's my life, guys. It's simple, but I love it.Oh, also I was back here a few weeks ago and I was glad to see it hasn't changed much. I think that was the original point of my review. Then I got sidetracked. Just like every other Yelp review I try to write. Sorry about that.
4	Super salty free popcorn.  You're gonna eat it.  The drinks are cheap so you're going to drink a lot trying to maintain equilibrium.  You're gonna throw up.
5	Excerpt from Mount Royal, There's Nothing Harder Than Love by Basil Papademoswww.smashwords.com/extreader/read/245899"A year ago the Bifteck was a tomb. The numbskull Porkchop owner had his d*ck in his hand and couldn't figure out how to draw flies. He'd redone the dive with curly, wrought-iron arches, exposed wood beams, beige stucco and framed bullfighting posters. He tried flamenco dancers and they immediately flatlined. Then Gypsy fiddlers--pfft. That was followed by some lowlife in a matador suit who sang Barry Manilow schmaltz while tickling a Farfisa organ. All that and fine dining.  Despite his considerable efforts, the Porkchop was thwarted. He'd fret, pace around and his testicles would constrict as he watched the Balmoral across the street get mobbed day and night. He couldn't figure it out. That place was a filthy hole while his establishment was classy.    Looking to replace a barmaid, the Porkchop hired a hip young babe called Marie, without giving it much thought beyond some far-fetched fantasy she'd find him beguiling. Marie advised the Porkchop to uncover the pool tables fossilizing in the back. He was reluctant, worried about the Bifteck losing its luxe appeal, but eventually agreed to try it her way--for a little while. Marie played some of her mix tapes and a few friends dropped by. College kids began to show up and shoot eightball, drink lots of cheap draft. It wasn't long before The Mirror officially sanctioned the Bifteck's kitschy cool. Within a couple of months the place got fairly trashed, which only added to the image and nowadays there's a lineup down the block after midnight."
4	After way too many nights spent scheming over too many pitchers at Bifteck in my youth, I veered north and didn't darken it's doorways for nigh on a decade. Then recently in the area it was the venue of cheering choice for whiskey shots and rounds of pitchers of blonde and the same old salty bowls of popcorn and it was like no time had passed. The waitresses still are tough and nice in equal measure, the walls still coated with a previous generation of DuMauriers, the decor non-descript and divey satisfying, the tables small wooden and round, the ambiance gimick-free with the same old street-side people watching in the front and pool table in the back. It is just what it is, and it's plenty.
4	Leave it to me to go to one of the most beautiful and cultured cities in North America on an anniversary trip with my wife, and still wind up at a dive bar.I get the impression that this is a college bar, mostly from the cheap booze and wacky shot/cocktail options. Old Man dive bars may offer the finest bottom-shelf bourbon, but they don't have cartoony drink special menus on the wall. Oddly enough when I was in there, the place was virtually empty on a Saturday. Granted, it was in the early afternoon, but I would expect a few more respectable drunks to be whiling away their time in such a fine establishment. Perhaps Montreal drunks can learn something from Providence drunks about how to waste a day.The bar has pool tables if that's your thing, and you can watch sports on TV. Well, you can watch soccer.
3	Great dive bar; cash only, cheap drinks! Pool tables, a bit noisy, but not too shabby! As can be expected, one must order at the bar, because the servers will be busy, and might not remember everything you say to them.
3	A Perfectly Reasonable Dive Bar.There's not much to say about Bifteck other than that it's a run-of-the-mill dive bar that's best suited for having some drinks with friends, watching the game, or shooting a couple games of pool. You can sometimes meet new people here, but the place is more laid out for sharing a table with friends, and this is place is by no stretch a pick-up spot.PROS: cheap pitchers, several shot specials, and free popcornCONS: there's an unsettling, lingering odor of stale beer that takes some getting used to, but I guess it wouldn't be a dive bar without it ;)
4	You really can't beat the prices here, but like many Montreal bars the less than competent servers aren't shy to rudely demand their tips.
5	I just had appetizers (supersalty) and my date ordered a beer. Then my other friends phone got stolen :(
4	Amanda was our bartender tonight! She was awesome, we had a good time. It's a for sure a place to bring friends enjoy cheap pitchers of beer and play pool when you get the chance. You cannot take the salty awesome, cheap popcorn out one of the male workers said... I laughed. A lot. But I'll be back! Much better then that last dive bar we went to! Amanda you are awesome keep rock on!!
