4	Trust-- this place has the best sushi rolls in Montreal.   The "decor" is very unassuming, just a few simple tables and chairs with some dollar-store decorations, but don't let that discourage you! The real star of this place is the food. They've got a huge selection with lots of variety and everything we've tried was really fresh and well made. I hate it when you bite into a futomaki and, because the seaweed is going stale, all the goods come toppling out all over the place. That doesn't happen here. They're also really generous with the caviar and sesame seeds, as well as the pickled ginger garnish. The spider roll (softshell crab, caviar, crabstick, cucumber, lettuce) is to die for, so are the dragon eye (salmon, white tuna, shallot, carrot, all lightly deep-fried, caviar, lettuce, sesame-- and is also beautiful, by the way) and tentation (tuna, tempura, shallot, shrimp, and caviar wrapped in a paper-thin slice of avocado). We also really like the rolls wrapped in yellow soya paper for something different. But they've also got the standards: spicy tuna, spicy salmon, 911, philadelphia, rainbow, unagi, etc., etc. All the rolls run around $7. The only roll I've tried that I didn't like was the spicy crab. I also can't comment on the nigiri and sashimi as I've haven't tried any of either.   Never go to those horrible chains. They're so. so. bad. Go here. It's worth it.
4	It doesn't look like much from the outside, and you may want to get it to go, but the sushi is excellent.  This is very welcome, because there's basically nowhere else in the area even worth trying for sushi.
2	I would go again if I were presented with the same situation: I was getting food to go and taking it to my friend's work to have lunch with her.  It worked.  I had to carry the food and about 25 library books up the hill and got to feel sorry for myself for that, but that certainly isn't Ocean's fault.The reason that I gave the place 3 stars is that, while the sushi was good, there were a few things that could have been better.  Ordering at the counter was a weird experience because it's raised and fenced in, so if someone else is up there, things get a little cozy and strange.  There was a guy on the staff who was friendly and quite solicitous, but the guy who took my order was cranky.  Oh, and there was a toilet just chillin in the middle of the floor.  It looked like they were renovating the bathroom, but I'm not overly keen on eating at a restaurant with a rogue toilet in the dining room...
5	Hello sushi lovers;Well, I miss you all ......psssssssssssssst I have stumbled on a great place by luck so great , well let you decide! I was have sushi carving on Saturday midday, well no one was open, while we going to check a pace we stumbled at one sushi on Pine Ave. and Clark ...being so hungery and adventurous we parked easily.Looked inside the lion cave was neat, ok looks good we enter . Nice place, probably family run. The waiter handed the menu very politely and very friendly. We order the usual 2 salmon Meguro, 1 order avocado role and vegetarian soup for me. Same, for my friend except,  he ordered smoke salmon. We put an emphasis on the soup to come fast since we were in state of starvation.4 minutes later the soup came hot, clear with nice smile, we relaxed at this point cautiously examined the soup. It was great , not like what we ever expected real Japanese at this point we got excited not to mention relieved. After, we had the soup , timely 5 minutes, Each had his plate , the look and the presentation were fantastic .Time to see will meet the exceptions, I prepared the sauce with the wasabi and dipped the salmon in and ate it. at this point I  wanted to sing the Opera, so good the rice not too warm the salmon the right thinness beautiful. Still, i was in doubt about the Avocado roll, well we do you expect. Same very where except this one was bigger roll. Fine, took one dipped it in the sauce and ate this time i was really amazed. It should be a crime not to have the Avocado at that place seriously, above exception.The waiter came politely chatted with us as first time customer.The bill was ok , but there is no credit card they do not take including Discover.If there is something higher than five i would have given it to them, quit place, child friendly above excellent tremendous food. I let check that your self, on Saturday not to many sushi places open but this one is ....Please let me know was it a dream or i was awake ........
3	Totally fine! Friendly, clean, prompt, rolls made fresh, affordable. Simple similar options to other small sushi shops and chains, but independently owned and generally nicer. Lunch hour it was cool and quiet in here and I was happy with what I ate. I wasn't blown away, but I was totally satisfied and wouldn't hesitate to grab a bite here again.
